[{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Secret of Nimh","Author":"Fanfic girl of all worlds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12822056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok I am helping Redwall with yet another story and with out further a-due here is her story! A light brown mouse was helping his wife prepare supper for their 4 hungry children. It seemed as though the two youngest Timothy and Cynthia ate more than Martin and Teresa. The male mouse's name was Jonathan Frisby. He was an extremely smart mouse who could read and write. His wife Elizabeth was a mouse of dark brown fur. She was of average intelligence she could only read a little, but she was a devoted wife and mother. And Jonathan never tried to act superior because of his intellect. He was a loving father and a devoted husband. But still he did have his secrets, there were some things that he felt his wife would not understand. Or if she knew the truth, she might leave him and the children. Still, even with his secret their marriage was a happy one. After he finished helping his wife prepare supper he said: \"I have to go out dear. My friend mister Ages needs help with a project of his.\" \"I wish he didn't ask for your help at night!\" Mrs. Frisby said \"You know that is when mister Fitzgibbon's cat Tiger is let out.\" \"I'll take the greatest care.\" Jonathan assured his wife \"Besides you know that Mister Ages is the Doctor for all the animals in the woods. So, the only time I can help him with his projects is at night.\" This statement was only partially true. Mister Ages was indeed a doctor for the wild animals, but there was another reason why Jonathan had to help him at night. And that involved the secret. Mrs. Frisby resigned herself to the fact that it would be pointless to continue arguing about things she didn't understand. But she made her husband promise to watch out for the cat should he see it, in avoid it. He promised and left. At supper the children asked where their father was and Mrs. Frisby said that he would be back by morning. Jonathan Frisby HAD gone to see mister Ages, but it was to get a sleeping powder to put into the cat's food. The project that Mister Ages was involved in, had Jonathan Frisby putting himself in grave danger. But he did it to help his friends the rats. On this night, a rat with a black eye patch was with him. And he spoke his concerns aloud: \"Jonathan I don't like you taking these risks. It was fine when you were single but you have a wife and kids to think about. You should not be taking these risks.\" \"Nicodemus, without you and the others I would not have this life. I am willing to take the risk.\" With that he crawls through a hole that is small enough only for a mouse. He puts the sleeping powder in the cat food, but unfortunately the cat saw him and killed him. Nicodemus was saddened by this, but he couldn't tell Mrs. Frisby what happened since she didn't know the secret. But he resolved to help her some way in the future. But Mrs. Frisby did know that the cat must have got her husband somehow because he never came back. Author note this is my adaptation of Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of Nimh. When I heard that they were making a new Secret of Nimh movie I wanted to tell my own version of it. I will also do stories based on the sequel books. Also I have permission from the Masked Bard to do a sequel to Abigail and the Rats of Nimh so keep an eye out for it. ","Summary":" Ok I am helping Redwall with yet another story and with out further a-due here is her story! A ligh"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Secret of NIMH: At the Beginning","Author":"Danica Loy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12106288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Secret of Nimh: At the Beginning Before Timothy met Jenny and saved the rats from Nimh, before Mrs Brisby helped the rats, and even before she and Jonathan had ever met, there was a young mouse named Phoebe. She was a field mouse who wanted nothing more than to have a family and to find true love. Isn't that what every little girl dreams of? Little does she know, the key to finding such happiness lies with a young rogue mouse and neither realize that they are fated to save each other. But can love survive even when they are from two different worlds? Chapter 1: A small brunette mouse hugged her red cloak tightly around her shoulders. It was so big on the child's small body as it dragged across the ground under. The girl shivered as fresh tears flowed from her light blue eyes. It was moving day in the field. She was too young to understand, and she naively chose to play outside. To a child, it was a beautiful day. The sun was shining bright and she finally got up the courage to make friends with the neighborhood quail children. Little did she know, her mother and father tried to find her, what they didn't know was that she was nowhere near the plow, and now she was alone in the world. She sat at the river's edge, huddled into a small ball, trying in vain to fight back her onslaught of tears. She wished with all her heart to have her family back. Her tears fell down into the stream beneath her as she sat on the edge of a giant hollow log. The ripples danced across the water's surface as the tear touched it. Phoebe! The faint cry made her tears fall much faster. Her memories flooded with images of her mother and father. She wanted to run to them. She wanted to be in their arms again, feeling them warmth, hearing their laughter. Phoebe…! She couldn't forget them. She wanted to join them so much. And, why not, there was nothing left to hold onto right now. Staring at the sunset in the distance, the light reflected against the blurred brown eyes, the young mouse, with her pink nose and whiskers twitching, stood on the edge of the log. She didn't care that the water flowed beneath her. All Phoebe saw was the beautiful sunset in the distance and wanting to reach it and not caring how she got there. All she saw was her family, once again happy and full of love. \"Phoebe!\" A pair of paws wrapped around the young mouse girl and pulled her backward. The two mice stumbled and rolled against the log and slid down it. The other mouse held the younger mouse close. They both cried out in terror. After a deafening thud and Phoebe, atop the crunching of brown leaves and sharp blades of grass, she felt herself trembling. She closed her eyes afraid of what she would find. It wasn't until she identified and sighed in relief at the familiar voice underneath. \"My dear girl, what were you doing? I have been looking everywhere for you.\" Phoebe gasped and realized whom she was sitting on. She scrambled off the older mouse. \"Auntie Shrew! I'm so sorry. Did you need something?\" Auntie Shrew was not related to young Phoebe directly, but she did help raise the young mouse girl, helping her mother while her father provided food and shelter. Phoebe was very grateful to the elder mouse. She not only looked after Phoebe's family but all of the families living in the field. The young field mouse often wished she could be as brave as Auntie. A month had passed the plow had come through the field, and the families who lived there once again returned to their normal routine lives. They were at least able to poke their heads from their burrows again. All the while during the plow, all of their possessions were thrown around and overturned. This was normal as it happened every year but it was still devastating to some who spent so much time collecting valuable items, especially the shiny things. Phoebe was among those whom had homes broken and overturned. Though she yearned to go outside and have fun adventures, her mother's teachings echoed in her head and she mirrored the older mouse's movements as she cleaned up her home, sweeping the floor and rugs, setting the beds up right, washing away all the terrible memories that came with the destruction. It was her duty, as the last member of her family now, to protect her home. Auntie Shrew knocked on the door to Phoebe's home just as the young mouse put away her white feather broom. She collapsed on a chair, exhausted from the day of cleaning. \"Oh my child. Did you clean this entire burrow by yourself?\" Phoebe could do nothing but nod weakly. Her whole body was sore. \"This is my home Auntie Shrew. I can't just abandon it. If I don't clean it; who will?\" She gave a small smile. \"what is that?\" The young mouse caught sight of some big bulging cloth in Auntie Shrew's claws. Shrew answered with a knowing smile of her own. \"I figured you would be tired, little one. So I made some cheese biscuits for you.\" Phoebe tried to resist, shaking her head, but Shrew could see the hesitation in her innocent brown eyes. \"I know these are your favorite.\" Shrew added tantalizingly setting the table directly in front of Phoebe. \"Thank you but I don't have anything to give you in return.\" Phoebe was visibly shaking. \"Kindness doesn't expect anything in return. I wish to give them, so I will give them. Besides it is considered rude to turn down a gift.\" The elder mouse crossed her arms, pretending to chastise the impressionable girl. Phoebe's eyes widened, and quickly reached out and grabbed the basket and held it close to her chest. Her trembling increased. \"Th-thank you, Auntie Shrew…\" Shrew smiled, \"I knew you were just like your mother. Thank god, you did not receive any of the disrespectful traits of that ungrateful father of yours. Phoebe looked down at the basket. Not wanting to really think of her beloved father and mother, as it only brought new tears of sadness, she took an experimental bite. Her eyes widened in surprise as something sparked a distant memory. She asked about the biscuits. \"Auntie Shrew, the cheese for these biscuits, where did you get them. I thought you said you were out last time mother, you and I made them together.\" Shrew simply huffed nonchalantly, and turned on her left heel. \"Simple, I went and picked up some more. It was no big deal. I may be getting old, but I still can move with the best critters.\" \"Y-you went to the farmhouse?\" Phoebe cried out, standing from her chair. \"what about the farmer and Dragon? You did all that just for some cheese?! Why? You shouldn't risk your own life like that!\" Phoebe was silenced as Shrew sharply threw up her walking cane and pointed directly between her eyes. \"Remember this little one. One will and can do anything for the ones they love. Your parents understood that. I only hope you will one day understand that as well.\" With that Shrew turned away sharply and moved toward the door. \"I will take my leave now, it's getting late.\" Phoebe still stood frozen in the middle of the main room. She could see Auntie Shrew albeit proudly hobbled out of the burrow, leaving her alone again with only the basket of food. Auntie Shrew had risked her safety and put herself in peril. Her father always taught her be respectful and honor someone's sacrifice. With her mind made up, she took her red cloak from her trunk at the foot of her bed and set up on top along with her dull green shoulder bag. She was going to return Auntie Shrew's kindness and honorable deed. That night she fell asleep, recovering and mentally preparing for the events that would come tomorrow morning. It was still cold early in the morning. The sun had barely peeked above the distant horizon far in the east. Phoebe hugged her mother's red cloak around her shoulders. She draped the hood over head as she stepped from her burrow home. No one else was awake in the field. No one was around to notice her dash across the field. She stopped to catch her breath as she passed under the giant wooden fence posts that separated the field from the farmhouse. She had never gone this far from her home before. Her father always warned her of the dangers if she ever crossed the posts and neared the farmhouse. He told her bedtime stories of Dragon, the old cat who lived there. It was a monster that would never hesitate to eat a dozen mice in one gulp. From the top of the hill, Phoebe could see the dimly lit windows of the farmhouse. Phoebe's heart was pounding so fast. She was so scared. Her paws were shaking as she clutched her cloak closer to her body as a cool, crisp morning breeze blew through the field. It rustled her soft fur like a comforting embrace. Phoebe could feel her parents love giving her courage through it. She firmly believed they were watching over her even in death. With courage filling her up, Phoebe rushed down the hill toward the farmhouse as fast as she could. She paused to catch her breath as she reached a long brick wall. A tall red stone wall, too high for one mouse to climb over, protected the farmer's garden. An animal like a bird or cat could easily climb over it, but Phoebe knew another way, a small hole between the bricks was only a few feet away. Her father often told her stories of a beautiful garden full of red roses, beautiful and fragrant but deadly if one got too close. Phoebe climbed through the small opening between the stones, and soon stood in awe and wonder at the enchanting sight. Flowers of every color of the rainbow covered the small field. It was a like walking through a dream. A narrow dirt path lined each patch of flowers, and there in the center of the garden like a prize trophy was a towering rose bush. Blood red blossoms covered its vines all over as well as hiding its sharp thorns. Suddenly, a delicious scent wafted passed her nose. It drew her attentions away from the gorgeous sight of the garden and Phoebe race to find the hidden treasure. Just ahead was tall oak tree. Its vibrant leaves rustled in the brisk summer wind. Underneath the rich canopy of green, a stone bench sat nestled against the trunk while a makeshift swing hung down from one of the trees long extended branches. Something glistened from underneath white stone bench as it caught the rays of the sun. There it was! Phoebe could smell it, a huge block of ripe cheese just sitting on a strange silver tray. In an instant, instinct had taken over and the young naïve mouse rushed atop the silver tray and grabbed at the cheese and took a gnawing bite. Suddenly a loud buzzing rang throughout the area. The siren startled Phoebe and she looked around wondering it could be. Her little paws still gripped the food bits tightly in fear. A flashing red light rose upward from the middle of the silver plate and Phoebe jumped back and started to run but didn't get far as the sides of the plate rose upward as well on all sides entrapping her with the now silver cage. Something dropped into the pit of her stomach and she lost her appetite. She dropped the cheese and started racing the perimeter of the cage, leaping up to grab at the bars, she tried to find a way out. She flew into a panic, panting heavily. She leapt at the bars again trying to squeeze through thinking she might be small enough, but the bars were too closely space. Just then the cage began to lift into the air. Phoebe struggled to keep her balance. But soon fell back and tumbled with a squeaking cry. She slammed the back of her head hard against the metal cage, and everything quickly became blurred. Colors mixed together. Individual sounds slurred together becoming unrecognizable. The last thing she saw was the large farmhouse drifting farther and farther away, becoming smaller and smaller. Phoebe stretched out her hand trying to grasp the last view of her home. Tears sprang from her eyes as darkness soon overtook her. To be continued… hopefully soon. I have outlined summaries for the next several chapters, I just need to right them out and add the details to them, but the progress is slow due to working nearly seven days a week. But I want to post this to see what you guys think. I did not like the sequel to Secret of Nimh at all (except for Eric Idle's performance) but I just felt there were so many questions left unanswered in the first movie that I have decided to make my own Prequel. I hope Don Bluth doesn't kill me for this… Signing off. Danica Loy ","Summary":" Secret of Nimh: At the Beginning Before Timothy met Jenny and saved the rats from Nimh, before Mrs "},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Instincts","Author":"chloemcg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13217331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anyone, the characters of the Secret of NIMH belong to Don Bluth and not me. I OWN NOTHING! Instinct The Autumn wilderness was hard but lush and beautiful at the same time, the trees were losing their leaves —they had turned into a variety of colours like brown, golden, pale green and crimson red. The grounds were absolutely coated in some leaves that had fallen astray and landed on the ground in what appeared to be a blanket of dying leaves. The woodlands were mostly silent, save for the distant squawks and chirps of the local aviary wildlife, and the \"pitter, patter\" of a large collection of little scampering feet. All was normal until a small pack of rats and two mice had started to venture across the leafy ground, huddling close together as they traversed the wood just outside of the cold and cruel city of where they had escaped from. The recently-escaped rats of National Institute of Mental Health (or NIMH) were all on the run as they tried to flee from their pursuers, the scientists who had performed their cruel experiments on them to begin with and they all selectively refused to go back to being locked in cages and enduring more pain. After gaining their newly obtained intellect, the rats and mice had decided they wanted to expand upon their new lives and they simply knew that going back was not an option; they just knew that they needed to find somewhere, anywhere, to call home so they could hone their newly-obtained intelligence. The two mice and twenty rats kept on walking, most of them were down on all fours since they tried to get used to the concept of walking around on two legs, they all knew they could walk on two legs but decided to keep walking on all four legs because it was faster. The group could feel the sun shining on their backs and they smiled since the warmth was comforting, and when the sun shone through the thin, fallen leaves, it coloured the world in nothing but beauty. The group knew that the sun was beginning to set along the horizon, creating a few beams of golden sunlight, and they found that it was a nice contrast from the darkness and cages that they had seen during their time locked up in NIMH. About five minutes later, the group decided to stop right next to a particularly large birch tree. It's branches were as bare as a naked mole rat and they each felt like they stood beneath a pile of kindling, the shade provided was cooling and it protected them from the fading sunlight. It was slowly turning from golden to solid orange. \"We should stop and rest here for the night,\" the leader of the rats, Nicodemus, announced. Nicodemus was the oldest one of the rats and had taken on the responsibility of leading them. He had a slightly-wrinkled muzzle and he was skinny and had a lanky frame, whether that was from emaciation or from a low metabolism nobody knew. He was covered from head-to-toe with brown fur that hung heavily from his body and he had small boils covering his claws. He carried himself confidently and his eyes had pale yellow whites and a pair of faded, cloudy pupils. The rats and mice, all exhausted from the walk, then all started to sit down on the ground and rub their aching feet. Nobody had a clue as to how long they had been walking for but all they knew was that it had been a long time and it was enough to make both paws and feet start throbbing like no ones business. Something that was a bit frustrating was that nobody knew how much longer they had to walk because nobody had much of as clue as to where they were going. The younger members of the pack were still finding it difficult to keep up but they knew that they needed to follow the others closely, but they couldn't help but imagine what their home would look like? Would it be nice? Would they be free to expand their knowledge? Would they be able to live and then branch off to have families of their own? The one rodent most eager to have those questions answered was none other than a young mouse named Jonathan Brisby. He was, by far, the bravest and courageous mouse out of the whole lot and he was even the one responsible for opening the door in the ventilation system that led the rats to their new-found freedom and independence; especially since the young, magnanimous, adolescent field mouse was the only one small, nimble, and agile enough to squeeze through the metal grate and pull the latch. He, along with Mr Ages, were the only two mice to make it out of NIMH alive... Jonathan had taken to stopping and leaning heavily against the trunk of an old tree. He could feel the bark rustle his gray fur slightly and he even eyed the patterns and swirls in the bark and couldn't help but be rather intrigued by them. The lines and patterns did look nice but not something worth remembering. His ear twitched when he heard exhausted sighs and then he turned his head to watch as the last of the group settled down and proceeded to relax so they could regain their energy. They had been walking for quite some time and needed a break, but Jonathan hoped that the researchers of NIMH wouldn't be too far behind them. The stragglers at the back of the group consisted of a few younger rats. There was Justin, Jenner and Sullivan. Jenner and his best friend, Sullivan, were the bullies of the group. Jenner, a slender black rat, was just the stereotypical bully, to be honest, whom just made others lives miserable just to feel good about himself with a hidden insecurity and fear of change. He also had the bad habit of challenging Nicodemus and always opposed to the decisions he would make but simply followed him because he would be alone otherwise. Sullivan was a smaller, chubbier black rat and was a bit of a coward with a reluctance to bully the others, unlike Jenner, but he was simply following Jenner since he thought that he was the only rat interested in being his friend. Jonathan couldn't lie but he felt bad for Sullivan... Then there was Justin. Justin was the youngest out of all of the rats of NIMH. He was a young pup when he was first caught and picked up by the scientists of NIMH and, by the time he had been injected, he had become the rat equivalent of a teenager; the only thing that kept him happy during those dark times was Nicodemus, whom had not only taken little Justin under his wing but had also become sort of like a father figure to him. It was because of this that Justin idolised Nicodemus. \"Come now, Justin, we don't have all day!\" The older of the two mice, Mr Ages, called impatiently. Justin rolled his eyes in annoyance as he breathed heavily. He was just about caught up with the rest of the rats (and mice) of NIMH whilst he grinned cheekily, \"Oh, c'mon you grouchy old goat, hold your horses, I'm coming!\" \"Hmph!\" Harrumphed the old mouse, \"If you want to make it as a member of the guard then I suggest you take this seriously and start acting like one.\" Justin sighed through his nostrils in mild annoyance when he had heard that. It had been his dream to be apart of a royal guard or something, protecting and serving those he loved. But, everyone simply scoffed at him doubtingly in disbelief. He found it difficult to keep up, being the youngest out of the group, but he also knew that he didn't have to take everything seriously...like how he knew some of the group took themselves a bit too seriously. He tried not to let himself become too bothered by this, thus he wasn't expecting anyone to come up to him. He was shocked when he saw nobody other than Jonathan standing in front of him with his arm extended out for him to take. Justin grabbed the extended paw and Jonathan helped him stand on his hind legs so the two could go to a nearby log and sit down. Jonathan sighed with relief as he said, reclining back a bit and closing his eyes relaxedly, \"I'm so glad we stopped —I thought my legs would fall off or something.\" Justin couldn't suppress a huge smirk. Jonathan cracked the smallest hint of a smile to the lean and slender brown rat sat next to him. \"Don't worry, Justin, I'm sure Nicodemus will offer ya a place in his guard when we get to our new home.\" \"Really? You think so?\" Justin asked. \"I know so!\" Jonathan rustled the \"hair\" on the small rat's head, causing the brown rat to chuckle. Jonathan and Justin both chatted amongst each other whilst the others set up camp to try and get prepared to rest for the night since Nicodemus was fairly confident that NIMH was a fair way behind them by now. The group all started to relax and make themselves comfortable while Jonathan volunteered to go out on patrol and use the opportunity to go out on a walk to clear his mind a little bit. The field mouse dropped down to his fours and started to traverse through the thick path of autumn leaves. It was a rough time but he enjoyed his times alone since they gave him precious time to think. He hoped that he could start a new life at wherever the rats of NIMH were going, he wanted to find a nice mouse and settle down eventually...even though he never intended to leave the rats of NIMH either. He shook his head, he wished it was more simple. Jonathan's walk lasted awhile and it didn't take too long until the skies started to darken, announcing the arrival of night —the sky turned from a rich orange to a dark indigo/navy blue colour. The field mouse stood on his hind legs, standing more like a human, and carefully treading through the dying multicoloured leafage. Alas his ear twitched when he heard a faint, distant sound. It sounded like rustling...and something (or someone) struggling. He knew instantly he needed to investigate. Getting back down on all fours, the field mouse dashed towards the sound. He pressed his back against a tree and peered from behind it. Jonathan gasped as he saw something that made his heart plunge deep into his stomach. A young adult owl had got one of its wing caught up in a wire fence, the feathers were mangled as they seemed to become entangled in the wiring and the poor young bird of prey was hanging from that one wing as it panted heavily to try and regain the energy it had lost due to trying to struggle and free itself. That old instinct of fleeing from a predator like this had momentarily flashed across his mind. Even though he had been capable of way much more than instinct alone, Jonathan had still found it hard to separate himself from those main and simple thought processes. He would feel the uncontrollable need to skitter away to the nearest safe place possible and he felt this invisible force trying to tug him away, but it didn't take him long to discover that it was instinct trying to control him like a puppet once more. He shook it off and bit his lower lip. He didn't know whether to act. Owls ate mice, after all! But could...could he honestly leave the poor owl to struggle? Jonathan lowered his head and felt his heart sink with guilt, his ears withered and his spine crawled. He just wasn't someone who could abandon someone when they needed him most, and he didn't want to start being that someone right now. He looked up with a fire of determination igniting and then blazing inside his brown eyes. He couldn't leave the owl, even if he was a predator...! Plus, the struggling might attract some unwanted attention. Springing into action, the field mouse scampered up to the fence and looked up at it. It was a wire fence and, upon closer examination, it appeared that the owl had gotten some of the feathers of one of his wings caught up and entangled in some of the wiring. He felt a small knot form in his throat but swallowed it. He couldn't let fear get the best of him. He climbed up the wire fence and he bit his lower lip to try and stuff down that previous anxiety he had felt. He could feel the burn in his muscles as he navigated his way up the dark green wiring that seemed to form into a bit of a makeshift ladder just for his size and aptitude, something the gray mouse was really glad for. He kept climbing and climbing until he had finally reached that bit of the fence where the feathers had become ensnared and it he made short work of nibbling down on the material as though it were a piece of liquorice, using the edges of his front buck tooth to try and cut through it, his eyes were narrowed as he focused on trying to free the struggling owl. Those instincts were screaming at him to run away. He ignored them, though. He had to focus! The owl had finally ceased struggling and just hung limply by the wing. He had his eyes closed and his beak had been clamped shut as he seemed to have passed out. It was a rather tragic sight to behold as Jonathan wondered for a brief second whether the owl was still alive, a question that was quickly dismissed after he saw the rising and falling of the owl's chest, indicating that he was still actually alive. Jonathan smirked to himself a bit. Perfect! It took a tense few seconds when the owl had finally opened his eyes, seeming to have been awoken when he felt the nibbling of the mouse, and started to squirm more frantically. A loud, eardrum-exploding screech bellowed from his beak as he seemed to grow panicky. Jonathan hastened his attempts to free the owl and nibbled even faster and then untangled the owls crossed feathers and that was it. It was the second that the owl had been released, however, that Jonathan had lost his balance and was knocked off of his place on the fence. Thankfully he had a big pile of leaves to break his fall but that was the least of his concerns as he suddenly found himself being partially crushed beneath a rather big talon and all at once he found it difficult to breathe. His brown eyes lifted and found themselves staring straight into a huge pair of wise, yellow and intelligent eyes that were overflowing with a mix of hunger and something else. Johnathan tried to evade looking into those eyes but he regarded a sense of curiosity inside of them as well as hostility. He tried his best to keep his lungs functioning normally as he sucked in oxygen as hard as his little body could allow. This was just what he was afraid of. He felt like he was being crushed from the inside out, that instinct of fight or flight coming back in full force. Jonathan stared into that glowing yellow eye and, for a brief moment, he could have sworn that he saw some sort of great wisdom gleaming within. It was almost enough to take whatever breath he had left away as he clawed the ground beneath him as it was all he could do to regulate his racing pulse. His vision started to darken and tunnel as dark spots decorated his eyesight and he felt his ribs break within. He succumbed to the need to close his eyes. The crushing sensation ended abruptly when he suddenly felt that crushing lift itself off of him and he started hacking and coughing and he somehow found the energy to feebly roll over on his stomach as he practically coughed up a lung. That was intense...! The mouse looked back up and saw that the owl had lifted its claw off of him and had stepped back, a look of genuine shock written plainly across the plumage that was his face. Whilst one of the mice of NIMH recovered his breath, he could faintly hear the owl say something. It was really hard to hear at first but, as the seconds passed whilst he truly recovered, he finally heard it and he felt his lungs finally expand completely whilst he clutched his ribs. \"...Why?\" The voice asked, bewildered. Jonathan lifted his gaze and up to the dumbstruck owl whom had clearly stepped back with that same look of stupefying wonder stamped on his feathery expression. Could this owl had stepped away from him because he had saved him? He felt a bit...winded due to the attack, but he didn't know whether his hearing had malfunctioned as well. \"H-Huh?\" The owl repeated his question. \"Why...? Are you not aware of what I am? What the relationship of our species is?\" Jonathan finally smirked weakly at the question, and he pondered on it for a few moments before he answered it. \"Is it wrong to help someone in need?\" That question seemed to take the owl aback. Jonathan finally got to his feet, still breathing heavily whilst clutching his chest where his ribs were. He flinched when he felt the broken bones beneath his fingers since he was sure that Mr ages was going to chew him out (perhaps even literally) for hurting himself so much that he managed to break a rib or two. He shook his head, though. He would deal with that later. Then he looked back to the owl he had saved and was shocked to see that he had taken a more formal stance as the owl swept one wing, his non ruffled one, across his own chest plumage and gave a curt yet polite bow. \"You have my most sincere gratitude for this, young mouse,\" The small gray mouse just smiled warmly and gave him a thumbs up, still trembling a bit due to the adrenaline and fear he had felt. However he felt very appreciative for the thanks he was receiving. He managed a sheepish smile whilst he rubbed the back of his head in a sheepish yet bashful manner. He appreciated the gratitude but he knew, as he said, that it was the least he could do. \"Ah...d-don't mention it. I couldn't leave anyone to die, no matter who or what they are.\" The owl smiled in a kind-hearted manner. It dropped when Jonathan started to ask something. \"Errrm...if it isn't any trouble, you wouldn't happen to know anywhere that me and my friends, the rats, can go hide out?\" The owl pointed a wing southwards and grinned wryly down at the mouse, a somewhat happy and enthusiastic glimmer in his wonderfully golden glowing eyes. He stomped his talons on the ground as he prepared to flap his wings in preparation to fly up to the skies that awaited him. \"There is a farm towards the south, head there and you shall be save from NIMH for a short time...\" Jonathan nodded, a serious expression overcoming his face. \"And the rats of NIMH will be safe?\" The owl nodded. The owl flapped his wings once more in preparation to take flight and glanced down at the mouse whilst he turned around so he could get a view of his back and tail feathers. He was clearly getting bored with the conversation as he spread his large gray wings with his feathers fluttering in the air. \"I must bid you good day, but know this sir...?\" \"Jonathan Brisby. My name is Jonathan Brisby,\" \"Jonathan Brisby. I promise you that your story shall be told and your name shall always be known in these woods, never to be forgotten...\" The owl smirked as he eyed the small mouse with a surprising amount of compassion, \"...You have my word as the Great owl.\" Jonathan smiled warmly as he watched the Great owl leave and he waved after him as he took to the air and left. He waited for a few minutes, until he had fully recovered enough to properly move, dropped down to stand on all fours and started to rush away to scamper back to the rats of NIMH. It hurt to move but he would worry about it much later, but he couldn't keep the others waiting especially now he could direct the others to a location where they could be safe. He hoped that he wouldn't get in trouble or anything... But he had no idea that, from a fair distance, Nicodemus had watched the whole thing with a proud smile on his face. After getting back, Jonathan was berated for a good twenty minutes about recklessly going off on his own and getting hurt by Mr Ages (as he thought) whilst the latter applied some medical herbs to his wounds so his broken ribs could heal up more quickly. He could hear the older grumpy mouse grumble beneath his breath whilst he wrapped up his chest with a few vines like a bandage and he couldn't help but hiss in pain when the tightening sensation from the vines stung. As he sat, the other rats had crowded around him in relief as he had gone longer then he had supposed to and had caused everyone some worry. Justin, Jenner and Sullivan were the main rats who had surrounded him. Apparently word had spread of his deed as the rats crowded around him and while there were skeptics there were also the very few who did believe in him. Mr Ages was definitely in the category who didn't believe in Jonathan since he said that \"nobody saw the great owl and lived to tell the tale\" while there were a very few who did. Justin was one of the few who believed him. The younger adolescent rat smiled in impressed wonderment. \"Is it true you really saved an owl, Johnny?\" He asked with wide eyes. Jonathan smiled happily and nodded, \"Uhuh.\" \"So coooool!\" That was when the two heard someone scoffing from beside them and they turned to find Jenner whom just laughed dismissively. Sullivan looked really impressed but tried to subdue it as he started scuttling up to Jonathan and Justin with an awestruck expression with a certain someone at his side, Jenner. The black rat folded his broad arms across his chest as he eyed the two in an arrogant manner, his smile filled with sharpened fangs that appeared somewhat humorously evil to anyone who wasn't Justin or Jonathan. Jenner. Another in the list who didn't believe him. \"Hehheheheh! Are you really believing these lying mouse's lies, runt? You really shouldn't believe everything you hear and, besides, it's obvious he's just lying to get attention just because he's not good enough since he's a mouse and we're rats, we're bigger and stronger then him!\" Justin practically spat venom as he snapped, \"Get stepped on, Jenner!\" Jonathan just shrugged dismissively, stretching in order to reach up to place a calming hand atop the younger rat's shoulder. It made him cringe in pain but he didn't want to let that show, besides Justin was better then this and he had faith that anybody could change if they really wished to. \"Eh, let it go. Jenner don't have to believe me if he don't want to.\" A/N: Heres a new Secret of NIMH one-shot. I wondered how the Great owl knew about Jonathan and, thus, this fic was born! I hope you enjoyed it, guys! Please don't forget to fave and review! -Chloemcg ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anyone, the characters of the Secret of NIMH belong to Don Bluth and not me"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"My Little Solder","Author":"Fox Teen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12032471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mrs. Brisby came into her son Timothy's bedroom. He was recovering form the last of his pneumonia and was toon to be on his legs again - but not quite yet. she walked into his room to his bed to see his eyes open. \"How's my little man feeling today?\" \"Much better now, Mama. But I'm tired of bed. I really want to get up.\" \"I know how it is boring but you haven't really recovered yet. Just another week and you will be out for as long as you want to be.\" \"Okay.\" She placed a hand on his cheek. \"You're a good boy. I know it's boring but you would be ill again if you were out.\" \"I understand.\" \"Just one more week, and I cannot wait to see you playing.\" \"Mama, I heard you just last night saying I resembled Daddy. Do I really?\" \"You do, sweetheart,\" smiled Mrs. Brisby. \"The minute you were born, Daddy and I knew that you would grow to look exactly like him. Daddy was so happy to see what he looked like as a baby.\" \"When I grow up, Mama,\" said Timmy. \"Maybe I can be Daddy so you won't be lonely again.\" \"Oh I'll be old by the time you grow up,\" said Mrs. Brisby. \"But I'm never lonely. I have Teresa, Martin, Cynthia and you, my little Jonathan Brisby the second.\" \"Will we ever see Daddy again?\" \"Someday, but right now he is with us and he is kissing your head this very moment, happy that you are becoming well again. She gently kissed her beloved child's forehead. \"Careful, Mama. You might catch my pneumonia off me.\" \"I don't care, sugarplum. I rather it was me than you. I love all four of you and would do anything to keep you out of harm's way. And it is you who turned Mommy into a brave mouse. I used to be scared of my own shadow, but when your illness came, I knew I had to be brave and venture out to seek help, for the sake of someone else instead of myself.\" \"Daddy gave you some of his courage.\" \"Most of all it was you.\" \"I love you, Mama,\" yawned Timmy. \"I love you too my little solider,\" smiled Mrs. Brisby and she kissed his forehead again. As he slowly drifted his head to sleep, she hummed her Flying Dreams lullaby to him, thinking how much like his father he would be when he goes older, and she could not wait to see it. ","Summary":" Mrs. Brisby came into her son Timothy's bedroom. He was recovering form the last of his pneumonia a"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Just Admit It","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12750329","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my new fic of The Secret of NIMH. Description: It's a fan of both movies, not really Jenner and Mrs. Brisby is just scared of everything, not even trying to defend herself. Back in the glory days, females were portrayed to be weak and helpless, but some changed that like Mulan, Jasmine, Odette and Ariel. Back to the movie, the most interesting charecters I find to be gorgeous is these two. Pairings: Justin/Brutus, Justin/Mrs. Brisby (Slash) Rated: K The sun was rising up and into Justin's eyes causing him to blink twice, sat up and yawn while stretching his arms. \"Morning, I hope you slept well? Mrs. Brisby said, up and about. \"Uh, what time is it? He asked sleepily. \"It's noon so get up and get dressed cause we're going on a picnic today\" She had the basket hanging on her right arm after packing some fruits. \"Come on, we're gonna have the most grand time\" She excitedly said and ran off into the kitchen to wait. He still heard her mumbling and put his feet down on the floor then sighed \"Man, I sure wish that I could be with Brutus, but I'm stuck in this marriage\" He said to himself which he didn't hate, but his girlfriend was just not fun or adventurous anymore. He got up and went to brush his teeth and wash his face \"This is great, I'm famished\" He said and walked out to put on his clothes. He looked into the mirror while humming a little song he made up and started brushing his teeth then checked himself. \"Hmmm\" he tested his breath and almost gagged \"morning breath\" He put some mouthwash in, swirled it in his mouth for a couple minutes before spiting then tested it again. Fresh as a flower\" He put his arms on his hips, turned around and walked out when he saw the big guy, standing in front of him with a fishing rod bait in hand. \"Hey, what're you doing\" He asked. \"Me and Mrs. Brisby are going out on a picnic\" He said as he went into his closet to change. \"That's sweet, guess I have to go fishing by myself\" The other rat said disappointly and got out a second fishing rod. Justin got his pants on and walked up to his best friend who sighed till catching his little buddy comforting him by rubbing his arm \"maybe I can convene Mrs. Brisby to let me go fishing too. Note that he didn't like seeing him sad. Brutussmiled \"really? Yes, I don't wanna see you all alone\" Brutus stared at him, his focus is making blush red \"Woukd you excuse me, I got to get dressed? He asked. Sure, I'll go talk to Mrs. Brisby for you\" He walked into the kitchen where the woman was making some breakfast. \"Wow, did I acually almost blush? Justin thought as he was buttoning up his shirt. He walked out and walked into the kitchen to see his girlfriend getting ready to go. \"Did you tell her? He whispered to Brutus. \"Yes, but she's been waiting for this ever since the start of your anniversary. He sighed and the big guy walked passed him then he watched him \"Hmmm\" He thought as he was looked at his girl who was cooking and turned back then thought of a perfect lie. \"Sweetie, I going out for a while to get some air\" He said before rushing out after grabbing the fishing rod. He shouted his name cause Brutus to turn around. \"Justin, you came\" He said happily. \"Of course l did, I wouldn't miss this. \"What about your picnic? He asked. \"Uh, she thinks that it'll a good thing bonding\" He lied \"I brought the other fishing rod\" He showed him. \"Great\" He smiled \"Come on, I found the perfect spot on a cliff \" He walked forward. Justin cannot believe he just told a bold fib and instantly felt ashamed, but maybe he could fix this before it gets too complicated. (0) Mrs. Brisby was humming a familiar song until he heard a \"good morning\" She turned around and saw that her son, Timothy coming in \"your in a good mood. \"Yeah, today is that day I get to spent time with Justin\" He sat at the table. \"I have said that\" She poured some pancake mix in the skillet and thought back then her mind went to motherly instincts then she reconsidered her picnic plans for the day. \"I had originally planned for Justin and me to go on a picnic, but your happiness is more important. \"Thanks and there's always tomorrow\" He said. Mrs. Brisby smiled cause he was right \"So, you got a love interest yet\" She asked. \"Well, there's this one rat that I had been thinking about for a while playing in my room. \"Really? \"Yeah, wait till you meet him, he dose tricks\" He explained. His mother was glad that he found someone cause she feared that he'll be lonely for the rest of his life. Timothy licked his lips for something to eat and asked what was she making \"pancakes eggs \"that sounds delicious\" He replied (0) \"We're here\" Brutus placed down his bait and looked over to his friend and thought he was scared \"I won't bite\" He claimed and chuckled. Justin wondered if he would have to go swimming with him, looking at his strong biceps and abs\" He snapped himself. \"What's wrong with me? Anyways, Justin walked up and both sat down \"The lake looks beautiful\" He said. \"It sure dose\" Brutus was look at him when he said that and didn't regret it neither. He cleared his throat and pick up his fishing rod that was next to him. \"It's never too late to start\" He said and casted the rod out. Justin took his and did the same \"Now, we just sit and wait\" The big guy explained. It was bad enough that he told a lie, but being next to him feel, almost right. Me The 13 Ghost talked about this last year or in 2015, I'm not sure. It was around that time period and judging my Brutus's size, I think of the same colored rat from a furry gay story I read, I'm not going to spoil it for you if you have not read it I figured I try something a big different and see how anyone reacts. ","Summary":" This is my new fic of The Secret of NIMH. Description: It's a fan of both movies, not really Jenner"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"NIMH Ronathan boss fight Jonathan vs Ronathan 1","Author":"davidosclayossandon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12600957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NIMH Ronathan boss fight Jonathan vs Ronathan 1 This chapter is a cutscenes chapter of the new saga of NIMH the ratnests saga. I hope you enjoy to read. Jonathan Brisby vs Ronathan Brisby the replica of the Jonathan part 1. Jonathan is now the room 5. But suddenly a grey mouse appeared and he look like a double version of Jonahtan. But this mouse got a red eyes it seem like he somekind of evil version or a shadow of Jonathan. Jonathan: Huh?! What are you supposed to be? Ronathan: Surpirsed? I guess you should be. After all. I look just like you. I'll tell you what i am. I'm an exact replica of you that Willton made from your data. Jonathan: So you're a fake me. Ronathan: Not a fake! I don't care if you're a real! You're not better! We share the same body and the same talents. But there is one easy way to tell us apart though! Unlike you. I fear nothing. Jonathan: Are you calling me a coward! Ronathan: You're afraid of the NIMH! The darkness inside you still frightens you of NIMH, no matter what you say. Jonathan: Grr... Ronathan: But i'm different. I embrace the darkness. I can make it do whatever i want. The replica of Jonathan is ready to attack him. Ronathan: So... I can wipe the floor with you! Ronathan defeated! Ronathan: How could i lose to you!? Jonathan: Hey fake! I thought i heard you say.. You were gonna wipe the floor with me. Ronathan: Hmph. Don't forget, i'm still new. I'll get stronger and stronger. And i have the memory of you and me from the past. And i promise to my beloved wife i coming back to her soon in the night when i was helping the plan of the rats of NIMH. But i failed to coming back to her and my children... Jonathan: Huh? You promise her to come back home while you helping the plan? And you failed? Ronathan: Grrr! That right! I failed. I was been killed by that darnet cat, Dragon! And also i'm you! You been killed by Dragon while helping the plan and you promise your wife! My wife! Elizabeth i promise her to come back home. Joanthan: Elizabeth? Ronathan: (SIGH) You don't remember her... You don't remember your children and your firend. You was dead in one month before, and you come back to life in 3 weeks. And you forgot everything... Jonathan: I.. I.. But hey. Ronathan: No! Don't try to be a lier! The next time we fight, you're finished! Jonathan:... Then let's fight now! And tell me how did i lost my memory! Jonathan attack him. But Ronathan used his dark shield spell to block and blowing Jonathan away from him. Jonathan: Agh! Aha! Jonathan fell on the floor. Ronathan: Hahahaha! It's nice having darkness on my side. You are SO missing out. How could you have no memory of your wife and your children. You are not the real Jonathan Brisby. Jonathan: Enough! Ronathan: Hmph. So now the coward with no memory is playing tough. So long, real John. Hope you don't miss me. Ronathan disappeared. Jonathan: Come back! No way... I not a coward. But... Did i really lost my memory of Elizabeth? My beloved wife? And... My children? Teresa? Martin? Chynthia? And.. Timothy? ","Summary":" NIMH Ronathan boss fight Jonathan vs Ronathan 1 This chapter is a cutscenes chapter of the new saga"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Heart of courage","Author":"chloemcg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11423822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters of Secret of NIMH, even if the film is a beautiful masterpiece of animation. If you haven't watched the first film then do so ASAP! Its amazing, in my opinion! Heart of courage. All was quiet as a gentle breeze picked up, making the leaves and grass gently sway in the evening air as some fireflies gently fluttered about and danced on the currents of wind that flew in all directions. Other than some crickets chirping, all was surprisingly quiet as a big rundown tractor stood paralysed in a field, almost black against the night that covered the Fitzgibbons field where the human family grew their crops and tended to their farmland. The sounds of the trees swaying in the wind actually sounded like little wooden wind chimes as everything was mostly quiet...until a small creature, namely a small mouse, decided to disturb what had been a peaceful silence until a few milliseconds prior. The rodent in question was a slender grey adult mouse with two darker grey splotches covering left right shoulder and his left tarsus. A rather shaggy tuft of head fur rested in between his big round circular ears and an equal amount of scruffiness acted as his cheek fur. The young mouse also had a white-grey underbelly and his muzzle matched the exact same colouration. His name was Jonathan Brisby. Jonathan carefully climbed up the machinery by using one of the loose vines that had covered the old and broken-down machine but each time he climbed a bit higher, using his swift and nimble body to his advantage, his hold on a tiny bundle wrapped in blankets tightened just a little more. The chilled evening air gently bristled his fur and made him wince from the numbing cold touching his skin. Thankfully he had been wearing a red cape that he had made from a ragged cloth that he had found just outside his house, which was a cinder block not too far from the tractor he had been scaling. The tiny blanketed creature Jonathan had been carrying seemed to have been caught in the autumn draft as it let out some loud squeaks of protest as it shuddered in the crook of the adult mouse's folded right arm. 'Don't worry, we're almost there...' Jonathan thought desperately as he tried to scale the massive piece of machinery. He tried not to think of the numbing mid-autumn cold that plagued the farm right now and he also tried hard not to think of a certain young cat that might have been prowling about this very moment. The young adult mouse continued to climb the tractor as hard as he could whilst he used the arm that wasn't carrying the tiny pink ball of flesh to hold the vine that he used as a rope. He was seriously worried for his youngest child's life right now, as he and his beloved wife had noticed that a spider had bitten the runt of their most recent litter. They didn't know what that spider did but they were worried nonetheless. Jonathan, however, insisted that he took the tiny life alone while his dearly beloved stayed at home to look after their remaining three children. He didn't wish to bother his lover and let her go out alone so late at night when she had trouble with that stupid farm cat who had been given the most terrifying name of Dragon. He would have been a much safer choice should Dragon went out looking for a late-night meal. He climbed and climbed and climbed until he finally reached the top and he cautiously entered through the broken down machine. Everything was broken and, despite being a machine that had been inoperable for an estimate of several years, a fair amount of smog hung in the air and it was so strong and potent that it made the mouse almost cough his lungs out. He even buried the tiny mouse he held in his chest to avoid it inhaling any of the possibly toxic fumes in the air. \"Ages! Ages, where are you?\" Jonathan called out aloud, carefully scanning his surroundings to see if he could catch a glimpse of the older mouse. He gave a sigh of impatience as he dropped down to all fours whilst he still clutched the tiny mouse babe to his chest and started skittering around. But he didn't have to search for too long, thank goodness, since the particular mouse he sought out desperately for popped up from one corner of the machine. He gave a startled yelp as he stumbled around a little bit unbalanced. It was a light grey mouse a lot less young-looking than Jonathan. He had a bushy moustache and beard and he wore a patchy apron along with some tiny glasses. He even had incredibly bushy eyebrows. Startled, the older mouse pressed his claw against his chest to try and avoid having a heart attack. \"Goodness gracious, Jonathan, you frightened me out of my wits!\" \"Sorry, it's just little Timmy here! He was asleep when my wife came to take care of him and we found a big wound on his arm and a spider was lingering nearby at the time! I was wondering if you could...\" The worried fatherly mouse didn't even need to finish his sentence as Mr. Ages had rushed up and practically ripped little Timmy out of his arms before setting him down on a small tuna tin can which was supposed to pass off as a examination table and he lain the little mouse down and unwrapped the blankets he had been bundled up in to get a better look at the alleged injury on its tiny arm. Upon seeing such a telling sign of a spider bite on the mewling creature's forearm, Mr. Ages looked up and asked Jonathan without even glancing up at him \"If at all possible, can you tell me the details of the spider that bit the little thing?\" Jonathan nodded. If it meant helping his son instead of just standing by helpless, he would do anything in a heartbeat. He lifted his gaze to the ceiling whilst he scratched his chin thoughtfully, recalling the earlier events of that evening. His wife had managed to catch the spider and managed to get Timothy and the other three children out whilst he somehow managed to scare it out. His the gears in his brain turned as he started to recall several details what the intruding spider had and he started to count them up aloud whilst he thought deeply about it. \"Hmmm, it was a dull brown colour and had a strange spotted pattern.\" Ages seemed to process this information very carefully as he cradled his own chin with his claw and he started to constantly mumble an incoherent line of speaking, something which the senile mouse did when he was pondering very deeply on something. But then his eyes lit up like lights and he smiled. \"Ah, no need to fret. From the sound of it that spider was a Parasteatoda tepidariorum, it is a common species and its bite is quite harmless.\" In other words, it was a simple American house spider. Jonathan swore that he felt a weight lift off his heart as he heaved a deep sigh of relief and he just wanted to hold his runt-of-the-litter child and never let him go since he felt so incredibly relieved by the news. He smiled at his friend and patted his shoulder thankfully \"Oh thanks, Agey! You really took a load off my mind!\" Mr. Ages shot a quick glance over towards the mouse \"But remember, NIMH is still in the process of hunting us down. Nicodemus chose you to drug Dragon next.\" Jonathan's smile faded as he looked at the older mouse. It was true, the rats of NIMH were getting tired of stealing power from the Fitzgibbons and knew that they had to move on eventually as their hunger for knowledge was growing and their destinies had moved on elsewhere. Since he was the one who opened the door and enabled everyone to escape from NIMH the leader of the rats, named Nicodemus, had entrusted him with the task of drugging the farmers cat to prevent the risk of any casualties. A cat prowling about wouldn't do at all if the rats wished to get away safely. But then a certain other rat popped into his mind \"What about Jenner?\" \"...He knows about the plan and I think he's going to usurp the whole thing right under our noses.\" Ages replied in a grim tone. Jonathan frowned firmly \"Now, Ages. I know that something about Jenner rubs you the wrong way but you have to try and give him some time.\" He furrowed his brows as to paint a look of confusion and sternness \"He's smart and he's more than capable of speaking his mind, he might warm up to the idea.\" The two adults stiffened slightly. Normally this topic of discussion would have been more private but since it was only the two of them and a kit, they knew they were safe. Ages sighed and proceeded to remove his glasses and wipe the lens clean with his cotton rag apron before reapplying them on to the bridge of his nose. Whence he blinked to rectify his vision, he decided to get back to treating the tiny kit whilst he dampened a small rag cloth with disinfectant and applied it to the inflamed bite wound on the mewling Timothy's tiny forearm. Timmy squirmed in protest but Jonathan managed to pin his poor furless son on the table to keep him from moving around too much. Ages muttered distastefully \"Mmmm...I am still not convinced. You can be far too naive for your own good, Jonathan, I just don't trust Jenner.\" Mr. Ages proceeded to tie a bandage around the squirming infant mouse as he glared silently. A long and awkward silence passed, Ages decided to end the morbid discussion as he passed little Timmy back over to the previously worried father. Of course Jon was more than thrilled to get his son back but that gloomy little chat didn't go away as it loomed over the three mice like a dark cloud. Nobody dared speak a word until Mr. Ages sighed and shook his head dismissively \"Your son shall be alright, I made sure to sterilise the wound so the inflammation should calm down.\" \"Thank you, my friend. Now I can let my wife know that Timmy's alright.\" The grey blotched mouse dropped down on all fours, and he picked up little Timmy in his mouth and held him by the scruff of his tiny neck. He started to turn to exit the machine but before he did, he heard Ages speak up again. \"Oh and you really shouldn't bring such a young and fragile newborn out in the cold like this, don't you realise he could eventually catch pneumonia?\" Jonathan put his son down for a moment and rolled his eyes with a slight smirk; the older mouse could be such a worry-wart at times and sometimes he couldn't help but poke fun at such things. He brushed it off with a smile as he looked at Mr. Ages \"Don't be silly, Ages, that'd never happen...\" The older mouse rolled his eyes when the fellow mouse had picked up the mewling babe again and Ages mumbled moodily as he stomped back towards the piece of machinery that he had been working on previously. He made sure to dive behind it all while giving a dismissive wave of the claw. \"Yes, yes, just get out of here.\" \"Thanks for the generosity, Mr. Ages...\" Jonathan said sarcastically, even though he was smiling. He skittered out of the machine and grinned mischievously as he started to calmly climb back down the machine whilst he continued to hold his son close against him. The cold was nipping at the skin under his thick grey fur and, because of the chilling evening, he wrapped Timothy in the blankets just a bit more so he could be fitted snugly. The trees swayed and sounded like wooden wood chimes and the way the leaves blew softly in the breeze made a beautiful sound that sounded almost like a lullaby to his ears. It was a sound that made his whiskers bristle just a bit and he could swear that he could listen to this sound forever...no, his wife's singing and kind yet soft-spoken voice was a sound he could listen to forever. \"Come along, Tim, let's get you home.\" The intellectual mouse even spared a second to plant a quick kiss on his son's fleshy pink head and he nuzzled him lovingly. It was an action that earned a loud squeak of annoyance as the kit shifted in his fathers hold. This only earned a small chuckle from Jonathan as he held the tiny bundled form even closer, if possible, and he crooned in Timmy's tiny ear \"I will always protect you...\" There was no question about it. He loved his family and he would always love them, no matter what happened. A/N: Hi, guys. This is my very first Secret of NIMH fanfic and I'm quite proud of it. I thought that since we never got much on Jonathan nor that spider bite that Timmy had apparently received and then I thought...why not put that up? Plus, I don't think there are enough Secret of NIMH fanfic's so I decided to do my part in uploading this. I hope you like this, and please review. -Chloemcg ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any characters of Secret of NIMH, even if the film is a beautiful masterpi"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Secret of Nimh 3: A Father's Love","Author":"Disney Queen Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11711149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Secret of Nimh 3: A Father's Love (A/N: I do not own The Secret of Nimh or the characters. I do own Annebelle/Lily, Adris, Millia, Siralis, Alexander, Galatina and Amelia including many more not mention in the films. Please read, review and no flames.) Chapter 1: The world was at peace that night in Thorn Valley. The sky was a gentle midnight blue as every mouse and rat slept in their beds. Well almost everyone as a light was lit at the top room in one of the buildings. A candle laid burning on a wooden desktop as a figure sat writing on a piece of paper. In front of him the curtains were drawn. Taking a rest he put down the pencil as he turned to smile. There laying so peacefully on the bed was a beautiful woman mouse with brown fur as she looked so angelic to him. She wore a long blue nightdress as she breathed so softly in her sleep. The person who sat there was in truth a rat not just any rat but Justin leader of the rats and mice of Thorn Valley. He chuckled to himself. ''Justin how did you ever find such a treasure as Amelia'' he said to himself. He remembered that day Amelia's arrival to Thorn Valley. She wet, ragged and a mess. Anyone who had first seen her would have turned her away. But not Justin he would never be that cruel to do that. He saw Amelia for the beauty she was being a mouse. He remembered furthermore that she wore a pretty gown that had got torn as well as her fur was tangled. She looked beaten and half starved. He had tried to figure that would had being mistreating Amelia in such fashion. It looked like she had been running from a haunted past. So Justin took pity on her giving work for her in his home to Mr Ages. He knew she was around twenty one or twenty two no he knew twenty Amelia had told him her exact age. He would come by every day to visit her as he brought items such as pieces of cloth and flowers for her. He loved spending time in Amelia's company. ''Honestly Justin she spends more time with you than attending to her duties'' said Mr Ages one afternoon after Amelia had made lunch. Amelia blushed as she looked up to Mr Ages as the father she never had. Doing everything she did to make him proud of her from cleaning out his medical supplies. And from her dusting and making the place look spotless. A few months later Justin took up the courage to marry Amelia as it took a while. He had found her dusting in one of the rooms one spring day. ''Amelia these passing days have been the best ever as it pains me not to be near you what I am trying to say will you marry me'' said Justin. The he saw the look of pain on her face. He thought she would be pleased. ''Justin I love you too but I can't go down that road again'' said Amelia in a soothing voice. ''Again you are already married'' said Justin in shock. ''Yes four years ago'' said Amelia sadly. Justin saw tears appear in her eyes. ''Then that would had make you sixteen'' said Justin. ''Yes it was arranged between my father and my husband to be'' said Amelia sadly as they sat together. He could tell by the way she was trembling something wasn't right. He thought a wedding day was a special day in a young girl's life. Not a day to be sad about. ''So you married out of family tradition'' said Justin. ''Yes but I was scared of him even I felt forced into doing it'' said Amelia. ''Scared, forced I don't understand'' said Justin confused. ''He was such a tyrant not as sweet and charming as you thought he would try to flatter me then told such lies to my parents and siblings'' said Amelia with her voice filled with bitterness. ''What lies were they he told'' said Justin. ''He said we could start a new life together out in the country him and I a few acres of land to roam freely especially for our children'' said Amelia. ''You refused because you saw what he truly was'' said Justin. She nodded at this. ''Each and every day he could come to the house as soon he got tired and explode into anger saying if I marry him or he will kill my whole family'' said Amelia. ''So you went through with it'' said Justin. ''I had to Justin he threaten to harm those I loved but only I knew the threat as the day came everyone looked so happy even admired how lovely I looked in my dress'' said Amelia as a tear rolled down the side of her face. ''After the wedding we moved away from my family he made me so isolated from my parents and six brothers and sisters I missed them dearly so every morning I was to get up early and tend to the house, make breakfast you know the things a wife should do'' said Amelia. ''Not a wife who is frighten from her own husband'' said Justin. ''I know still he left me trapped in a place I couldn't escape'' said Amelia. ''Did he hurt you'' Justin asked. ''Yes every night he would put me on the bed and beat me till I was black and blue sometimes he would throw things at my head or one of my ears'' said Amelia. Justin noticed how strangely calm Amelia was telling him this. ''Or he would treed on my tail and laugh at it as some sick joke he still didn't stop beating me till I was carrying our child'' said Amelia. ''What you already had a child to him didn't that make you stronger to escape your traumatic lifestyle behind for your unborn child and yourself'' said Justin. ''What could I do I had nowhere to go as I had no idea if any of my family were still alive so I stayed as our son was quickly born'' said Amelia. ''Did you fled then'' Justin asked. ''After I had enough of the abuse from him and my son for he was a brute for his age I could see his father in him as he would bite my tail or pull at it so one night after putting Alexander to bed that was his name I left out the back as soon everyone didn't know I was gone'' said Amelia. Justin felt glad of Amelia earning her freedom as he wanted to know what became of her next. But Alexander he wondered where he was or what had become of him or her abusive husband. ''I have one more question Amelia what was his name'' said Justin. ''Jenner'' said Amelia. As soon the name had escaped her lips Justin felt himself reeling. It couldn't be the same one Jenner was dead he thought so. If what Amelia had said was true then Alexander would turn out like his father or maybe the child could prove them wrong. It had been four years since she had last laid eyes on him and arrival to Thorn Valley. But Justin wondered if the child would grow up hating the mother for what she had done. ''Amelia you know I will never ever do such things as that brute did'' said Justin. ''I know'' said Amelia. After that the two were married as they were both the proud parents of a baby girl. She had her mother's brown fur and mouse like features while she had Justin's eyes with her father's guidance and fair judgement sleeping within her. Also she had his playful and childlike behaviour thus naming her Annebelle. But Justin kept his promise as he knew Amelia's secret. He made sure Annebelle never fall into the same path as her half brother. He found it odd that Alexander and Annebelle were related which they were both bore from Amelia's womb but two different rats. Justin would have a hard time explaining this to Annebelle when she grew up. As he began to write again two figures ran past the window. Justin stopped thinking it was a trick of the light. He thought nearby in her tiny basket near the bed Annebelle began to cry. Getting up to the bed he picked up his newborn daughter in both of his arms. ''Shush don't cry father is here he won't let any harm come to you'' said Justin. He knew Annebelle could sense danger like him a mile away which Mr Ages said was something in her nature she got from Justin. ''I bless the moon and stars for creating such a beauty as you'' said Justin rocking Annebelle to sleep. Heading downstairs he thought some warm milk would do the trick. He left Amelia to dream on in her sleep. Down halfway the stairs Justin heard a loud smash from inside the room. Running back into the room in his fear of Amelia's safety as he tried to burst the door opens with all his might. Oddly it was heavy as if it was locked from the inside. He wondered who could have done such a thing as his nose caught a smell of rotting wood. ''Oh no Amelia'' said Justin in fear. He threw the door open at last as he saw her lay on the bed in a limp form. He guessed she must have passed out due to the heat. Justin saw what had caused the fire the candle had been dropped onto the floor as it spreading everywhere. He had to get a clear way to get to Amelia. He felt himself being knocked to the ground as he kept Annebelle in a tight grip. He saw in terror at the face of who had attacked him. ''Jenner it can't be'' said Justin. The rat who he had thought dead stared past at him. ''Oh it is now Justin be a good boy and hand Annebelle to me'' said Jenner. ''Wait how do you know my daughter's name'' said Justin confused. ''Oh I have been laying in wait as I feel Annebelle is half rightly mine to claim'' said Jenner making a causal stroll towards him. Remembering the last time they fought Justin kept Jenner at bay as he tried to get to Amelia. He felt Jenner hold him in a tight hold by the front of his shirt. Raising him high in the air Jenner threw Justin out onto the ledge. Justin tried to keep his balance but his legs felt a bit wobbly which gave way making him fall down into a bush below. Two rats barged into the room as they were part of Jenner's army as they waited for their leader's orders. He stared at Amelia knowing the damage on her was done as she was slowly dying from the inside because of the loss of her strength. ''Get down there at once and find him'' Jenner demanded. Both scurried out of the room in fright as they knew his cruel punishments were. He watched below as more rats were secretly raiding into Thorn Valley. One he knew among them was his four year old son Alexander. ''It won't be long Alexander soon you will have a little sister to play with'' said Jenner. Justin had popped his head out of the bush then he was hiding to see anyone was coming. He pulled it quickly back inside it. As that moment the two rats that Jenner had ordered to look for him. They approach more rats of their allies in a circle. In the middle Justin saw a young boy rat around the age of four. He could see that he resembled Jenner in so many ways his fur colour, his clothes, personality and nature. But he saw the only trace of Amelia in him was his blue eyes like hers. Seeing those eyes again made his heart ache with sadness. Seeing his chance as he sneaked past the rats as he listened to what they were saying. ''Cowards, idiots my father wouldn't stand for this'' said Alexander shouting with rage. ''We will try harder'' said one in fear. ''Harder, harder you already tried that and look at us not one piece of Thorn Valley is us well soon it will be tonight'' said Alexander. As he took a breath Justin stood frozen to the spot in fear him and Annebelle would be seen. Feeling his pounding Justin ran with all might. Wandering as far his feet would take him he came to the border that rested by the sea. He saw not too far away a copper pot that would be used to catch fish or crabs in. Hoping not to come across any nasty surprises Justin opened it to find it empty. Gracefully placing Annebelle inside as he began to push it forward. He knew it was this or risks the both of them getting captured. '' Be strong for me Annebelle become the one to claim back our rightful place of peace'' said Justin. He kissed her softly on the forehead as he began to lift the lid back over it. ''Always know I will think of you in my dreams'' said Justin as a tear rolled down his eye to the ground. He watched as the pot began to sail out to sea as a form jumped on top of him. It forced him to the ground. ''Got him you can call off the search'' said one of the rats holding him down. ''Where is that little brat of his'' said another. ''Don't know got away I bet so she won't survive out there for long'' said the first that had spoke. ''Jenner won't like this at all he wanted that girl half breed to be brought to him alive if he discovers she is dead'' said the second rat trailing off. ''He won't know because none of us is telling him and neither is Justin here in case he wishes to keep himself alive'' said the first rat. Both gave a horrible laugh as they dragged Justin back to Thorn Valley. That night Jenner and his army took over Thorn Valley. Unknown to them the pot that was carrying Annebelle to sea as it arrived at an old friend of Justin's. As Mrs Brisby was busy putting out her washing from the following morning as she saw the item bobbing in the water. ''What on earth would apt be out in the middle of nowhere'' said Mrs Brisby as she scurried up to it. Being cautious she stared inside as she peered down a smile spread across her face. ''Hello where did you come from'' said Mrs Brisby. Annebelle couldn't reply being a baby as she stared on all fours. ''What are you doing all the way from home and your parents would be worried right now'' said Mrs Brisby. She stared deep into her eyes. ''You know have the same eyes a dear friend of mine had'' said Mrs Brisby. She wondered she couldn't leave the infant on her own in case cats or any bird of prey would harm her. No she had to take this poor creature that couldn't fend for herself as her own. ''I guess Teresa and Cynthina would be overjoyed to have a little sister that they could look after oh you are so cute as a button'' said Mrs Brisby rubbing her nose against Annebelle's. In her heart Mrs Brisby always wanted someone to look after since her life was empty since Timmy left. Still he would come over for supper or many celebrations they held in the household with Jenny and Martin. ''That is what we will call you Lily Brisby I hope Auntie Shrew isn't disappointed when she sees you'' said Mrs Brisby as she carried Annebelle into the house. That moment as Mrs Brisby entered the house as she dragged the basket along with the ground with her tail as she stopped beside the fire that had lit with newly gathered wood and coal that burned steadily in the hearth. The house had looked it once held a large family of mice but it held only three and one shrew since the years went by. Mrs Brisby placed Annebelle on the floor beside a simple looking rocking chair that rocked back and forth in a gentle sway. ''Now you wait right there little Lily I can't wait till I see Teresa and Cynthina's reaction when they see you'' said Mrs Brisby beaming at her brightly. While Annebelle roamed about near the rocking chair in a slow pace on all fours. A couple of times she stared up at Mrs Brisby reaching her arms out to be held making small squeaking noises. ''You are such a darling who will ever think of leaving you behind what parents would think such a thing'' said Mrs Brisby pondering this fact over in her head. The kettle that hung on a hook near the fire began to spout out steam as Mrs Brisby ran towards it placing it on the wooden table. She rushed in a manner that nearly sent Annebelle tumbling to the floor. Shaking her tiny head showing she wasn't badly hurt Annebelle crawled over to the fire as soon Mrs Brisby's back was turned. Stopping a few inches in front of it Annebelle reached one of her hands outward to touch the embers that began to beat in a slow heat over her hand. Placing the kettle down Mrs Brisby had sworn she heard Annebelle chuckling happily. Spinning around she saw at once Annebelle reaching her hand further towards the fire. ''Lily get away from that at once'' said Mrs Brisby in her stern motherly tone she used. She watched making her way towards Annebelle that a magical presence was happening. As the embers of the fire never harmed Annebelle as they circled around her as the embers sparkled in her eyes. Mrs Brisby watched the baby mouse as Annebelle was glowing a bright fiery red. That Mrs Brisby remembered was the same colouring that which was the way she lit up when she wore The Red Stone Amulet. That made Mrs Brisby takes a further look at Annebelle as she saw in amazement that the newborn was wearing the exact amulet around her neck as it glowed for a few seconds cooling down which the same time Annebelle moved away from the fire. The glow had vanished from her body as she crawled happily back to Mrs Brisby's side. ''Did your family knew my friend who gave you that amulet'' said Mrs Brisby picking her up in both of her arms. Knowing she couldn't speak Annebelle could only look up at Mrs Brisby confused. ''Never mind I will tell you all about that when you are older'' said Mrs Brisby putting her in the rocking chair placing her on her lap. Once this was seen to Mrs Brisby rocked Annebelle slowly back and forth. In her mind Annebelle felt herself sailing across the dangerous current in her boat like pot. She remembered herself being tossed in the sea thinking she was to be thrown out of the pot into the water to drown. Somehow during her journey something or someone had guided her safely allowing her not to die to make it safely to Mrs Brisby's home. Annebelle felt grateful whoever or whatever had brought her to her new home wished to find out once she was able to know she could fight on her own. The sun was beginning to raise high in the sky as a metal stove in the house began to bubble and churn some pots as Mrs Brisby had started making breakfast. Quick on her feet Mrs Brisby ran over to the large pot that was bubbling away as she pour some of the boiling water carefully into the pot as she was mixing some porridge that day. She had start making it before she had venture out to do the washing on a low heat so it was ready to be prepared when she got back. She wondered what a surprise her family would get on this morning seeing the new arrival. That same moment Annebelle padded about on the floor as her eyes glanced up at the window as she was trying to see through the window out the filed into the far land beyond it. Mrs Brisby had noticed as she wondered what Annebelle was thinking in her tiny mind. Suddenly there was the sound of rushing as the sound of feet moving about in one of the many rooms attach to the far wall at the back which was led up by a small tunnel that was made into a passageway. There were more sounds of brushing, moving about, opening and closing drawers. It sounded whoever was up in one of the rooms. The next noise that startled Annebelle the most was the sound of feet bounding down the stairs. ''Mother, mother you are home can we have breakfast now'' said two excited younger female mice voices together. They did seem younger than Mrs Brisby but older than Annebelle was in age. The eldest out of the girl mice which had the same brown fur and eyes as her mother as she wore a pink strap dress with a pink bow tied to the side of her head. The younger one had the same fur colour and eyes as her older sister though she wore a blue dress. They seemed delighted on the safe return of their mother as they both had taken a deep breath to pause in order to let Mrs Brisby speak. ''Yes Teresa, Cynthina you can have breakfast not till Auntie Shrew is up and the table is set'' said Mrs Brisby knowing offended her dear friend would be if she woke up to find no breakfast for her. ''But she is so cranky when she is awake in the morning'' said Teresa rolling her eyes at this. ''And anyway she won't be up until the afternoon'' said Cynthina giggling at this. Annebelle was wondering this Auntie Shrew sounded like an interesting person for her to meet. ''Girls now I won't have any talk like that in my house now Cynthina be a good girl and wake up Auntie Shrew while Teresa help me set the table'' said Mrs Brisby in her usual stern tone. She tried not to speak harshly towards her children or anyone as she tried to keep her tone softly as possible. ","Summary":" The Secret of Nimh 3: A Father's Love (A/N: I do not own The Secret of Nimh or the characters. I do"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Secret of NIMH: The Key","Author":"Seagem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9905217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Secret of NIMH The key Prologue: In the first moments of life everything was cold and painful. The shock of exiting the comfort of a warm cocoon for the harsh world outside can be devastating. If one was lucky enough someone with a kind heart will take the lost soul in and bring that person comfort. For a little newborn mouse that benevolent being appeared before him and gave him a new life and a new name. Adopted by Suzanna Valentine, Maxwell was brought to NIMH, the National Institute of Mental Health. For three years he lived with Suzanna ignorant to what happened in the labs below. He lived well and safe from the horrors outside his home, until his very world tipped out of balance. Maxwell's precious Suzanna became tremendously ill and there was nothing the doctors could do to save her. After a long six month battle Suzanna Valentine passed away in the dead of a cold winter night. NIMH became very quiet after her death. Dr. Valentine the head scientist of the institution and Suzanna's uncle slowly began to lose his mind within the crooked shadows of NIMH. As his insanity grew Dr. Valentine focused upon poor Maxwell; to the mad scientist Maxwell was the last link Valentine had to his beloved niece. So the doctor promised himself that he would do anything to keep that link alive, absolutely anything. Suzanna Valentine's funeral was small with only a man dressed in a stained lab coat and a tiny mouse dressed in a small suit. There was neither rain nor flowers for the young lady buried. The only sound piercing the cold February air was the choked sniffles coming from the mouse. Turning gently with a sullen bow of the shoulders the man picked up the mouse that had begun to wail in sorrow. Silently the man walked into the large facility beside the still grave. The young mouse consumed by his sadness burrowed in the man's lab coat, seeking shelter from the pain his heart and the chill of the winter air. As the pair enters the large metal doors that adorn the buildings front the skies unleash an unholy downpour not for the one buried but for the life endangered of ending, a great flash of lightning strikes across the darkened sky allowing passer-byers to read the sign in front of the large building. It read: National Institute of Mental Health, NIMH. CHAPTER ONE: Moving Day The crisp night air melts as the sun rises casting its warm glow upon a small farm hidden in the country side. The shadows began to lift from the small house basking it in the sun's rays. On the second floor a window shifts, slowly it lifts up. A tiny spring was wedged under the pan of glass. A small body shimmies through the gap, with a flick of a black tail the little figure jumps. Softly the creature drifts down suspended only by a flimsy thread. As its feet land evenly on the ground two floors below, it jerks its arms and the spring and thread fall from the window. After spending a few moments to tie the items to his back, he bolts. Heading for the overgrown field beside the house, he pauses every few moments to look for danger. With some effort he jumps on top of a large stone in the center of the field. As he stands looking around the field a breeze blows ruffling his fur. Using the breeze he sniffs the air twitching his nose slightly while shifting his ears like a satellite. After moments pass the young creature relaxes and continues on his way home. Finally after running through the field he reaches the edge that line with a forest. He pauses once again to look behind him. Seeing that the coast was clear he moved forward further into the forest. He follows the path he knows by heart to reach his burrow, his home. Reaching a maple hided by the other trees, he climbs up, only pausing to adjust his pack. At mid-way he stops and opens a small door camouflaged by the tree inside. Walking inside he flings his pack not caring where it lands, as he trudges into a room further in the hollowed maple. Throwing open another door carved from the tree he collapses onto his soft bed made of different fabrics and strings of multiple colors. Exhausted from his night at the farm he easily falls asleep, dead to the waking world outside his burrow. After want seemed like a few minutes his ears began to twitch. He tries to ignore it, burrowing deeper into his bed. With a great bang he flies off of his bed onto the cold floor. A groan escapes his mouth. Rubbing his head the young mouse stretches popping his back. Slowly he moves out of his bedroom into the main room. Standing in-front of the now open door stood a shrew. Dressed in a pink cloth, blue scarf was Auntie Shrew, the caretaker of all the creatures living in the field that lies along the farm. With a deep groan he moves to close the door knowing that even if he asked her to leave she wouldn't. Auntie Shrew moved inside the main room toward a raised platform. Hopping up she grabbed a small pot from the dying embers. Glancing back the shrew said, \"Where have you been all night Maxwell?\" With a flinch the young mouse paused on his way to an adjacent room. Maxwell turned his head slightly to glance at the old shrew. Their eyes lock for a couple of seconds. Finally after sometime Maxwell turned away, his tail began to lash about in nervous tension. \"I was busy collecting things for my work,\" he said defensively. With precise steps he continued into the adjacent room which was filled with various cloths. Moving to a pile next to the wall Maxwell pulled a royal purple vest from it. Putting on the vest he moves to stand in-front of a shard of glass. Looking into the shard that takes up a third of the wall Maxwell sighs and he grooms his head fur. Knowing that he will have to answer Auntie Shrew Maxwell apprehensively moves back to the main room. Stepping into the bright room Maxwell paused to adjust his eyes. When he adjusted his sight Maxwell hesitantly moved over to help Auntie Shrew make breakfast. Together they chopped small roots and grasses making a salad. Maxwell picks up the bowl and scoops out the salad into two dishes. Both of them sit down and begin to eat. They make small talk throughout the meal. After breakfast was finished Auntie Shrew grabbed the dishes placing on the kitchen counter. Maxwell heads outside onto the branch. He stretches in the cool spring air. \"Moving day is approaching correct?\" Maxwell asked the shrew. With a thump the front door was closed. Auntie Shrew moved to stand beside the mouse. \"You are correct in your assumption.\" Auntie Shrew replied as she wrapped her scarf tighter around herself. They left the maple tree and head into the overgrown field. As they leisurely walked through the grasses a conversation was struck up. \"Moving day may come early this year Auntie Shrew. The frost has melted early and the farmer is preparing his tractor.\" Maxwell told her while hopping on over some twigs and rocks. Auntie Shrew sighed dramatically, \"I know Maxwell, but I fear that very few are ready to move yet,\" she through her paws in the air, \"Why am I the one everyone turns to for help!\" Maxwell laughed at the shrew's melodramatic ways. Running ahead he jumped on to a large stone that peaks over the grass. A gasp escapes his mouth. \"Auntie, get up here.\" Maxwell spoke in a whisper. The energetic air around them disappeared as the shrew joined the mouse. Auntie Shrew's eyes grow wide and she slowly shakes her head side to side. With a stutter she said, \"That's not possible. It's too early…it's too soon.\" The shrew puts one of her back paws behind her, hesitantly she moves backwards. \"I must…I must warn everyone. Moving day is here.\" She shouts as the old shrew runs to warn the animals living in the field. Slowly mass panic consumes the creatures. Everyone bolts as repulsive black smoke emits from the far end of the field. The farmer's tractor hooked to a giant bladed plow was at the entrance. The horrifying sight freezes Maxwell onto the stone. His eyes are unable to leave the sight of the machine that brings nothing but death. A pang emits from the tractor forcing Maxwell into action. He jumps off the stone onto the ground and runs, but not away. Maxwell runs past Auntie Shrew drawing a startled yelled from her lips. \"Ma-Maxwell what are you doing? That's the wrong way! You're heading for your death!\" She yells at his back but her words fall on deaf ears. Maxwell's heart raced as he neared the tractor. It had to be stopped; no one was ready to move. Maxwell paused as he reached the path of destruction the tractor left behind. With a gulp of air he ran after the machine following its tracks. Reaching the back of the tractor Maxwell jumped grapping at the metal edge. One of his paws slips, glancing below he sees glimpses of the sharp blades shredding the ground. His claws sink into the metal as he drags himself back on-top. Maxwell grabs at his chest to ease his heart. Shaking his head Maxwell continues on; climbing the metal limbs connecting the blades to the tractor. Finally he reaches the inner points of the tractor. Pausing to see what he could do, Maxwell sees a glass container filled with a strange liquid with tubes sticking out of it. His eyes narrow with determination as he jumps on to the container. Maxwell struggles as he tries to remove the tubes. He realizes that nothing was working. The tractor was getting closer to the main part of the field. With a split-second decision Maxwell jumps with the tube pulling it free, but it flings him backwards to the blades. Sounds of pattering feet permit the air. Auntie Shrew runs around and through the tractor looking for any sign of Maxwell. As she nears the blades the old shrew starts to feel her age. Hope begins to leave her as she starts to fear the worst. Looking up tears fall from her eyes; there is blood on one of the blades. Auntie Shrew bows her head in despair, mourning the young life lost. Caught up in her weeping the shrew doesn't notice that some of the soil beside the bloody blade was shifting. A small white paw pushed through the dirt followed by a black and white head. Maxwell gasped for air finally drawing Auntie Shrew's attention. The shrew jumps in glee and rushes to pull the mouse into a hug. That happiness is short lived as she notices that Maxwell's shoulder was bloody and torn. With growing horror the shrew picks up the limp mouse and rushes off with him in her arms. The scenery becomes a blur of muted colors as Auntie Shrew runs faster as if Dragon, the farmer's cat, was chasing her. Tears stream down her fur, her grip tightens around Maxwell. Looking down at the black and white mouse a sob escaped her lips. \"Hold on Maxwell, please hold on. I can't lose another one, not another one.\" She whimpered in agony. Shaking her gaze from the mouse the old shrew smiled with weak joy as her pace quickens. Up ahead an old rusted tractor laid in an overgrown patch of weeds. This ageing machine is the home of a wise, cranky mouse, Mr. Ages. Auntie Shrew paused at the opening within the tractor. Glancing down at Maxwell the shrew became alarmed at Maxwell's pale coloring. Her panic grew as his blood dripped onto the rusted metal. With a screech she jumped down into the machine. \"Ages! Ages!\" Auntie Shrew yelled into the hollowed machine. An explosion was the only response to her calls. Throwing all caution to the wind, she hurriedly moved further to find Mr. Ages. The sound of coughing alerted the shrew to another's presence. Out of the smoke emitting from inside the machine a small figure came forth. A little old tan mouse came out of the smoke. Picking his glasses from his nose Mr. Ages wiped them clean on his apron. Auntie Shrew releases a choked sob catching Mr. Ages' attention. As the tan mouse settles his glasses right on his face they become askew again as he jumps with shock at seeing the bleeding mouse in the shrew's arms. With a jerked motion Mr. Ages motions for the shrew to follow him. With a hurried pace they run through the old machine till they reach an area with glass filled with colorful liquid. Mr. Ages swipes his arm over a table shoving everything onto the floor. He goes to a small cupboard and pulls out a white cloth. The old mouse places the cloth over the table then helps Auntie Shrew lower Maxwell onto the table. Grabbing tools from all over the room the old mouse got to work trying to save the young life before him. After some hours Mr. Ages wipes the sweat from his brow as he moves to place the bloody tools into a nearby sink. Shaking his head Mr. Ages began to clean himself of the excess blood. Glancing over his shoulder Mr. Ages allows a sigh to escape his lips. On the table Maxwell lied wrapped in redden cloth but alive. Auntie Shrew sat beside him running her claws through his head fur. Mr. Ages moved to stand next to her. He spoke gently, \"How did this happen Shrew?\" Auntie Shrew paused then as if a dam broke she began to cry. With tears dripping down her fur the shrew said, \"Moving day came early. Not everyone was ready to leave yet. Maxwell knew this.\" With another sob more tears began to fall from her eyes. She turned to look at Mr. Ages, \"he went to stop the tractor,\" the shrew was interrupted by Mr. Ages who jumped with a gasp. The old mouse turned his head to Maxwell, he said, \"the fool. Was he trying to die?\" Raising his paw Mr. Ages rubbed his eyes. Slowly he moves away from the table shaking his head. Auntie Shrew jumps to Maxwell's defense. She moves after the mouse and stated, \"Maxwell is not a fool! He may do things that seem idiotic but he is truly smart and does what he thinks is best.\" With a deep breathe the shrew moved to stand in front of Mr. Ages and continued her rant. \"He teaches and helps anyone no matter the species. He taught me how to write and read!\" as the shrew was saying this Mr. Ages eyes grew wide at hearing her words. Ignoring the old mouse the shrew went on, \"he also makes those pretty lights without fire. So he is clearly not a fool.\" Auntie Shrew finished with a huff. Mr. Ages sputtered at the shrew. He spoke harshly, \"How does he know how to read and write? How does he make light without fire? How woman? How?\" Mr. Ages shouted the last few words. Auntie Shrew moved a few steps back away from the old mouse. With a sneer on her face the shrew straighten her back to begin berating Mr. Ages, but a groan from Maxwell stopped her. Running over to the wounded mouse Auntie Shrew gripped his paw, murmuring soft words into his ear to calm Maxwell's fusing. Auntie Shrew turned to glare at Mr. Ages. Slowly she prowled to stand before him. Bending down to look him in the eyes she hissed, \"You will do nothing to upset him. Maxwell is my precious nephew.\" The shrew jabs her claw into Mr. Ages' chest pushing him backward. She swiftly grabs Mr. Ages' shoulders lifting off the floor and slamming him into the wall. With a snarl she spat out, \"If you ever hurt him I will dangle you by a string in front of the farmer's house and feed you to Dragon.\" Letting go of his shoulders Mr. Ages dropped to the floor shaking. With a disgusted huff Auntie Shrew moved back towards Maxwell. She gently brushed his head fur trying to smooth it. Leaning down the shrew placed a kiss on Maxwell's brow. Glancing towards Mr. Ages who finished getting off the floor Auntie Shrew sighed. She motion towards the old mouse. Auntie Shrew said, \"Take care of him please. He likes to think that he alone should carry the world's problems.\" When Mr. Ages nodded towards the shrew she walked out of the room only pausing to take one more glance at Maxwell. Shaking her head she left heading home. Mr. Ages let go of the breath he was holding. His fur bristled at the thought of that horrid shrew. Walking over to Maxwell the old mouse started to feel his age. Shaking his head Mr. Ages rubbed his eyes, suddenly feeling much more tired than before. Yet his mind would not let go of the knowledge he was given about Maxwell. Groaning Mr. Ages tucks a blanket around Maxwell to keep him warm. With a pop from his back he stretches. Grabbing his coat that laid on a nearby table Mr. Ages looks at Maxwell to make sure he wasn't awake. Nodding with assurance Mr. Ages blows out the candle that was lighting the room. Heading outside Mr. Ages was shocked at the time, twilight. He spent the whole day saving Maxwell. Shivering from the sweeping cold Mr. Ages hurried on towards his destination, the rosebush in front of the farmer's house. The rats needed to know about Maxwell. They needed to know that Maxwell could be from NIMH. CHAPTER TWO The waning moon provided a sliver of light just enough to give shadows to the farm. Colorful lights break through the bleakness of the night. The lights were emitted from a thorny rosebush that lay a few meters from the farmer's house. Inside the bush jagged sparks attack any who come near the guarded door. Through a series of twist and turns a marvelous city burrow came into view. Every building glisten with light formed from stolen electricity. Following a path of lights an ornate door appeared. Voices came from within, small voices that spoke with power and intelligence. Inside a room shined in hues of gold, red and blue. A conference hall used to discuss plans and actions that need to be carried out. The ones that use this room are feared by the other animals, rats. These rats are not like others. They dress in fancy cloths, speak intelligently and think like a human being. Since they are like humans they also argue like humans. In the center of the room a big, black rat was twisting around speaking to the council sitting above in elevated seats. He spoke, \"My dear council there is no need to move. We are safe here in the rosebush and all of our food stores are here.\" The council broke out into murmurs. Many could see the black rat's point. Silence filled the atrium as a figure moves from an alcove. A gray mouse moved forward shaking his head at the rat. Speaking loudly he addressed all the rats, \"You are a fool Jenner. We cannot continue as we are. The rats of NIMH will be caught if we stay here.\" Gasps filled the air as the fear of being caught and taken. Jenner scowled at the mouse but then smiled sinisterly. Moving over to the mouse Jenner grabbed the mouse's shoulder roughly. Jenner spoke gruffly to the council and to the mouse, \"Now, now Jonathan Brisby, you have done great favors for the rats. But there is no need to move.\" Jonathan shook Jenner's paw off his shoulder. Turning to the foul rat Jonathan began to speak harshly but was cut off by the presence of an old rat. Whispers from the council spoke his name, Nicodemus, the leader of the rats. Nicodemus slowly walked towards an ornate chair placed near the back of the room. Everyone's eyes followed his movements. The silence cloaked the whole room in anxiety. A brown rat began to speak but paused as Nicodemus raised his paw. For a few moments no one spoke, and then suddenly the ornate doors burst open startling everyone but Nicodemus. The leader of the rats smiled and said, \"Welcome back Mr. Ages.\" Panting in the doorway Mr. Ages stood bent over trying to his breath. Looking up the old mouse tried to speak but nothing came about but more gasp for air. The brown rat standing guard moved to help Mr. Ages. Finally Mr. Ages whispered, \"I'm fine Justin but I have news.\" Everyone stood with anticipation but Jenner. A snarl broke from Jenner's lips. Smiling sharply he addressed the hall, \"Mr. Ages we are in an important meeting. Your news can wait for later.\" Mr. Ages straighten his back and glared at Jenner. Johnathan moved to stand by his old friend. Quietly Justin and Jonathan questioned Mr. Ages, but he would not speak. Jenner continued to talk to the council trying to sway them to his views. No one paid him any attention all eyes were once again on Nicodemus. The old rat leaned forward on his staff. Soon even Jenner became quiet. Nicodemus nodded at Mr. Ages giving him the okay to speak. With a huff Mr. Ages moved towards the center, Jonathan and Justin guarding his sides. With a glare from all three Jenner backed down and went to a small alcove. With a few breathes Mr. Ages spoke to the hall, \"This morning the plow came early,\" gasp broke through the silence at this news but were quickly silenced by Nicodemus. Mr. Ages continued speaking, \"A young mouse was brought to me almost dead. He stopped the tractor and plow.\" This time no one spoke as they were too shocked by this news. Taking a breath Mr. Ages told the council, \"The mouse was named Maxwell…\" a small chatter interrupted Mr. Ages. Four little mice tumbled out of a hidden alcove. The oldest girl dusted herself off as well as her siblings. Johnathan Brisby groaned, \"Teresa what are you and your siblings doing here?\" Teresa looked at him and smiled, \"We came to spy father. But then we heard Mr. Ages speak about Maxwell.\" Mr. Ages looked at her shocked. He walked up to here and asked how she knew Maxwell. Teresa and her siblings informed everyone about the mouse in the maple; the mouse that was brave and courageous, facing any type of danger and even fought Dragon, the farmer's cat. The more she spoke the more the council thought she was talking about a fairy tale. Teresa took a breath to finish her story of Maxwell. Addressing Mr. Ages she said, \"Also his name isn't just Maxwell, its Mr. Maxwell Valentine.\" Gasps of horror filtered the air as everyone had flashbacks to a bad part of their lives. Teresa ignorant of the growing horror continued, \"He is intelligent, since he can read and write,\" with each new point she made the rats all started to fret about. Only Nicodemus was calm. Teresa paused and then looked to her father with a smile, \"He also makes really pretty lights without fire.\" Silence filled the room. No one could believe what the young Miss. Brisby told them. Mr. Brisby looked at his eldest child in shock. There was a mouse with the same name as the doctor that tortured him. Jonathan Brisby didn't know wither to faint or throw up as he realized that his children, his precious children that he raised with his beloved wife were so close to danger. Shouts of rage and fear engulfed the room in a panic. Many of the bureaucratic rats screamed for Maxwell's head, claiming him as a traitor to all animals. With the rising panic no one noticed Jenner slinking off with a cruel sneer on his lips. Soon the whole hall became a swirling mess of sounds. The young mice looked at the rats with fear which only Nicodemus noticed. Slowly the old rat moved forward, and with every step he took the hall became more silent as everyone stopped talking. Nicodemus stood in front of Teresa. He softly spoke to her, \"Tell me child what do you know about this Mr. Valentine?\" Teresa looked at Nicodemus than to her father. Jonathan nodded at her to speak. So Teresa told them all she knew about the mouse known as Maxwell Valentine. She described that his fur is black and white, with a black patch on his chest and his eyes were purple. Teresa told the rats that Maxwell was teaching the other animals how to read and write. Teresa suddenly stopped to look at her father. The air started to become tense with anticipation. Nicodemus prompted Teresa to continue, and she told her father that Maxwell was sometimes their babysitter. Jonathan stood in shock, staring at his eldest child. Mr. Ages walked forward to speak. He asked, \"How did Maxwell become your babysitter Teresa?\" Teresa turned in a circle looking at the faces of the rats and her father. What she said next made Jonathan drop to his knees. \"Maxwell was friends with Mother,\" Teresa whispered to the silent hall. Jonathan Brisby began to shake from the shock his daughter gave him. Maxwell Valentine a mouse that shared the same name with his tormentor was not only near his innocent children but near his beloved wife. The hall stood in shock at the young mouse's words. Shouts of anger ran throughout the hall. The rats rallied one another to seek revenge on the mouse that possible helped their tormentor. Soon the whole legion of rats came together with their weapons armed. The rats rush out of the rosebush heading for Mr. Ages tractor, towards the unconscious Maxwell. The young mice race after the rats to try and stop them from hurting Maxwell. Yet all seem to forget one crucial fact about the farm. Dragon, the farmer's cat was not inside this night. The rats move swiftly through the tall grass of the overgrown field. The dark sky was overcast, hinting at a large storm. Lightning flashes across the sky illuminating the murderous eyes of the rats. A boom of thunder shakes the ground, signaling the sudden downpour of rain, drenching anything outside. Yet this did not stop the legion, they continue forward through the field. Suddenly half of the rats break off running in an arc to circle the back of the tractor. Everything pauses, as if the whole world stops except for the rain. With a flash of light from the clouds the rats run forward into the tractor ready to take whoever inside dead or alive. Silence cloaks the area as those outside held their breath. A scream of outrage came from within the tractor. Jonathan Brisby stomps outside into the rain, rage contorting his face into a grimace. Jonathan turns to Mr. Ages and demands, \"Where is he? Where is that traitorous mouse?\" Mr. Ages backs away with his paws held in front. He tells Jonathan that when he left to go to the rosebush Maxwell was still in the tractor passed out. \"Then where is he?\" Jonathan shouts at the older mouse. Old Nicodemus put his paw on Jonathan shoulder, and the anger inside the grey and brown mouse faded away. Nicodemus nods to himself then faces the other rats. Nicodemus spoke, \"We know nothing about this young mouse, yet it is obvious that he too is from NIMH.\" Nicodemus pauses to look at everyone's faces. \"It is not fair to judge him without hearing his story from his own lips,\" Nicodemus spoke with finality. Jonathan looks at the ground in shame while the rats look on, forlorn. The rage in the air fades away leaving tired souls behind. Nicodemus raises Jonathan's head to look him in the eye. Jonathan's lips quirk into a small smile and everyone relaxes. While everyone was distracted the four Brisby children snuck off quietly in search of Maxwell. Not realizing the danger they are walking into. In the early morning the shadows of the grass blend in with the morning fog making it difficult to see. Teresa Brisby walks in front of her siblings holding her younger brother Timothy to her side. Behind Teresa her other brother Martin is stomping around the gravel holding the youngest Brisby, Cynthia. The four children walk forward feeling their way through the grass. Young Timothy's eyes start to close as he slowly begins to sway. He falls onto the gravel unconscious. Teresa turns sharply with a gasp of Timothy's name. While Teresa turns to help Timothy she bumps into a large furry object. Teresa stands in shock, she looks at Martin and Cynthia but their eyes were faced up. Teresa turns her head so she can see what was above her. Her eyes widen with unfolding horror. Dragon, the farmer's cat, was standing right above them. Dragon's cold gray fur was matted and shaggy. His cruel fangs were dripping with putrid saliva. Yet it was his mismatched eyes that were the most frightening. Dragon's one yellow eye narrows in interest at the young mice, while his other eye was a blue hue that was caused by an old injury. They were filled with hunger and sadistic glee. Teresa in her terror slowly bends down and picks up Timothy. She and Martin begin to move backwards away from the monstrous feline. Yet to their dismay Dragon follows them with tiny steps. Dragon crouches down preparing to jump on the mice but Teresa and Martin run carrying their younger siblings. Dragon chases after them and takes a swipe at them with his claws. Screams of horror fill the air echoing across the field. The rats and Jonathan perk their ears up at the sound. Jonathan jerks around searching for his children. \"Kids,\" Jonathan gasps. As one the rats move towards the area the screams came from. Yet they were not the only ones to hear the cries of the young mice. In the farm house another mouse runs across the shingles. Stopping at the edge Maxwell looks at the field intensely, an area of the tall grass shakes and Maxwell jumps off the edge and slides down the gutter along the house. Half way down the metal pipe Maxwell jumps off and sprints into the meadow as soon as he lands. Maxwell races through the grass towards the screams in the field. Jumping out of the grass Maxwell twists around in the air and rips off one of Dragon's whiskers. Dragon roars in painful rage. Maxwell runs off away from the cat. Dragon consumed by rage runs after Maxwell wanting to rip him apart. While Maxwell runs away from the furious cat they pass by the rats that were running to save the young mice. The rats could only stare in shock at the mouse. \"Ma-Maxwell,\" Mr. Ages gasps out in shock. A second later Dragon runs past the rats after Maxwell. Horror filled eyes could only follow the movement of the large cat as he passes them. Dragon's paw slams down just barely missing Maxwell. Purple eyes glance back at Dragon. Turning his eyes forward Maxwell picks up speed and increases the distance between the two of them. A roar of anger leaves Dragon as the distance increases. Dragon pushes himself forward taking any moment to swipe at Maxwell with his claws. Yet to the annoyance of Dragon Maxwell is just a bit faster than the old cat. Maxwell continues to dodge Dragon's claws, jumping away from Dragon Maxwell runs across a log heading for the watermill. Stopping suddenly Maxwell turns around searching for his pursuer. Dragon was nowhere in sight. Standing still Maxwell's ears begin to swivel around attempting to hear any movement. Silently a dark figure moves behind Maxwell. The mouse's ears turn to the figure. Maxwell jumps avoiding the sharp claws that tare into the log. He turns and runs along Dragon's back and races to the watermill. Dragon's roars of anger fills the air. Maxwell leans against the broken stone of the mill clutching at his shoulder. Blood seeps through his paw. \"Damn,\" Maxwell mutters, \"My injury opened up.\" He grits his teeth in pain. Maxwell pushes away from the stone and staggers further into the mill. Quiet gasps of pain filter through the stale air echoing across the stone walls. Maxwell stumbles across the mill reaching an opening in the stone. Hopping down he reaches the creek's water. Slowly he washes his fur and injury, hissing in pain. Looking out beyond the creek Maxwell allowed a smile to grace his lips. Softly he spoke to no one, \"Well at least I got to save those four kids.\" Closing his eyes Maxwell breathes in the cold air relaxing. After all that action the farm finally seems at peace. A harsh growl emits through the air and Maxwell crashes down with dragon's claws digging into him. Maxwell bits into the cat's paw making Dragon let go with a yowl. Maxwell tries to get away but fumbles as his shoulder gives out. Dragon takes this chance to bite Maxwell. Maxwell scrambles to grab the cat's face and to get away from the fangs. Finally the two were eye to eye. Time stood still as they look at each other. The moment is broken as a piece of ruble falls to the ground. Flashes of fur fly about as the fighting continues. Blood is drawn from both participants. Neither noticed that their fighting was drawing them to an unstable area of the mill. Dragon's paw slams into Maxwell throwing the small mouse into a pile of ropes. Maxwell panics, and tries to get out of the robes. But his injured shoulder is useless and the robes are tangled around his body. Dragon stalks forward in triumph. Licking his fangs Dragon opens his mouth lowering his head to devour Maxwell. In Maxwell's struggles one off his legs is freed. Kicking out with his leg Maxwell lands a hit on Dragon's blue eye. Dragon reels back screeching in agony. Enraged Dragon leaps at Maxwell, but Maxwell yanks at one of the ropes around him and the unstable roof collapses on them. ","Summary":" Secret of NIMH The key Prologue: In the first moments of life everything was cold and painful. The "},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Eagle and the Dove","Author":"prince of underbrush","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12054269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Eagle and the Dove Based on the adventures of Mrs. Brisby and the rats of Nimh Although she was exhausted, hands scarred by fires that had no earthly reason for being, She was the happiest she had been in a very long time. Never in Elizabeth Brisby's life had fantasies of magic entered her mind, but then again, her husband brought many such wonders into her world. She had actually done it, her children were safe, and it was thanks to her! True, none of it could have been done without the stone's power, yet the victory was still her own. Such interventions do not come without cost, for the energy was too much for her tiny body to bear, not to mention her hands still smoldered from the liquid hot metal of the amulet. But this did not concern her too much, for she would readily throw away any comfort to preserve what was left of her family. Suddenly the memory of her late husband entered her head, along with every bitter thought she had discovered on her journey, perhaps even well before it. His disappearance harkened countless scenarios, all of which haunted her lonely nights. Looking back she could have categorized them into simple groups of tragedies, but the ones involving his death steadily overshadowed them all. By the time she met Nicodemus, it was all but confirmed by the rats that she was truly a widow. What surprised her most about learning of his death was just how underwhelming it seemed in retrospect. Even before she learned of Nimh she knew that Jonathan was extraordinary, though he would laugh such exaltations off. But to have him die at the hands of a cat seemed unbefitting of him. The man who brought her the Promethean fire of learning and chased away every nightmare that stole her childhood dreams was treated no better than a rodent. But the more she dwelled on it, the more it seemed to be the kind of death Jonathan was expecting. Nicodemus told her that the reason her late husband never confided in her about his past was because his aging far slower than hers. Normally such explanations made no sense to her, but when she remembered the images of the nine lab mice falling down a vent, and the memories of her husband's constant embrace when they were in bed; all the pieces fell into place. He was afraid of outliving his family. The mice of NIMH were the closest thing he had to blood in those days and to see them die so pathetically broke something in him. He would rather shorten his life on suicidal errands if it meant never seeing his wife or children expire. For a few hours she cursed his memory for such selfishness, but when she saw her home sink into the mud with her children inside, his demons became her own. Perhaps that last connection in purpose is what awoke her sto- no, Jonathan's stone. Just like the handsome gray mouse from so long ago, the stone gave her the power to change the world. It rewarded the love that becoming Mrs. Brisby awoke in her, the kind that defies any thought of self-preservation if it means keeping your true family alive. She chuckled to herself for a moment, remembering how the lullaby that she sang for her children hinted to the very same thing. She could finally recognize her husband's spirit, and the empty space he left was gone forever. Even now the power of the stone was making further sense to her, for the flames that consumed her soul could only be described as Jonathan. That isn't to say she resurrected him from the dead, nature can only allow for so much. But for once in her life, the widowed yet enduringly Mrs. Brisby could stand on her own two (sometimes four) legs. She is both the eagle and the dove; the hero that she wished to be yet already was. Words could never describe the spiritual transformation she has received, yet its effect was apparent. The dawn was breaking through to her tired eyes, and her musings have come full circle. She couldn't wait to see her children again, for the story she had to share astounded even herself. There was also the matter of fixing her house; who knows how many heirlooms were lost to the immersion. But the more coherent she became, the more she realized that the rats Nimh have very much implanted themselves into her life, just as they had with her husband before. They would, if they already hadn't, help her with the repairs, and she was sure Justin would love to help tell the story of a lifetime. Her part in the legacy of Nimh was far from over, and the stone that saved her family will be needed when the rats' next disaster rears its ugly head. She didn't mind parting with it, its power already proved that there is courage of the heart inside of her. She looked forward to taking the lullaby to heart, for the sooner her dreams bring her back Jonathan, the sooner she can instruct him on decorating their retirement home. Then again, Mrs. Brisby had no intention of using it for a very long time, especially since she has four little ones to take her on such wonderful adventures. After all, if there was one name that Elizabeth loved being called more than Brisby, it was mama. The End ","Summary":" The Eagle and the Dove Based on the adventures of Mrs. Brisby and the rats of Nimh Although she was"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Forbidden","Author":"BillCipher12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11275535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It all starts on a rainy night. A female rat is in a black dress and crying in front of a tombstone. The stone reads,\" Jenner: The sword's in the rat now.\"\" Oh Jenner, why'd you leave me so soon?\" Their story started on a city street. The rats were captured and sent to NIMH. That includes Jenner and Emily, the main characters. They'd known each other as best friends.\"Jenner, where are they taking us?\"\"I don't know. Just stay calm Emily, we'll find a way out.\" It was too late. The rats had put into cages and given injections. Emily's was far from Jenner's, so they barely saw each other since they were put in cages. Eventually, they escaped, but Emily took a different route than the others. They'd been apart for so long, Emily barely recognized Jenner. He tried calling out to her, but she paid no attention. Soon, they made it to the rosebush along with Emily. Jenner was relieved when he saw her, but to her, Jenner was a stranger. After they'd been in the bush for a few weeks, Jenner went up to her and said,\"Emily, look. You might not know me, but you and I were best friends.\" She still didn't recognize him.\" Fine, I give up. That's a nice necklace.\"\"Thank you. A friend gave it to me. There's an inscription on it\" They said together,\" We're simply meant to be.\"\"How did you know? The only other person who would know that is...Jenner? I haven't seen you since NIMH.\" They remembered stuff and fell deeply in love. However, conflicts would soon arise. ","Summary":" It all starts on a rainy night. A female rat is in a black dress and crying in front of a tombstone"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Protecting Your Family","Author":"Adazula","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11528038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's all about Family By: Adazula Story description: Cressida has lost everything to the cat, Dragon, and was taken in by her sister. When Elizabeth's own husband dies and moving day is coming closer with her child sick in bed, Cressida has put aside her mourning to protect her sister's family from the same faith. A mouse by the name of Cressida scurries through the tall grass of the farm to make home on time to see her children after a long day of working for the rats. She's a beautiful dark brown field mouse with a cream underbelly. She's never without herpurple headscarf and a necklace made out of dark stones. Many mice have raised their eyebrows as to why she wears the headscarf, but she says she just simply prefers it this way. She has on her a green shoulder bag that has a rarity. A sugar cube! Boy are her children going to go nuts. \" I can't wait to see those two trouble makers. I hope Hamish isn't too overwhelm with looking out for….\" When she suddenly stops in front of where her home should be. Cressida is shaking as she sees the sight in sheer terror. \" No.\" She gasps at the destroyed home. Her children's bed are smashed. No one in sight. The paw prints pressed into the ground that belonged to a cat. The farmer only has one cat and that is Dragon. \" LISE! BRADLEY!\" She screams her children's names in the hopes that they are hiding. But she hears nothing but her voice echoing in the place. But she can't give up. \" LISE! BRADLEY!\" She screams again. Again. Nothing. She then calls her husband's name. \" HAMISH!\" But no response from him as well. She scurries on her paws to the sight. She overturns every furniture she has to look for them. For a sign. Anything! They can't be dead! They can't! They must have escape! They must have known! But then her heart stops when she sees something horrid when she pulls away the carefully quilted blanket from her daughter's bed. Blood. A lot of blood on the bed. She doesn't care that she would be caught. None of it matters to the mouse as she screams, \"NOOOOOOOOO!\" She collapses on her knees crying over the loss of her family. This wasn't suppose to happen. It wasn't! She was only gone for a day! This wasn't suppose to happen to her family! They were in a safe place! Dragon wasn't suppose to find them! She cries continuously as she clutches onto her daughter's quilt in such fury. The quilt she made with her own hands. \" What's going on around here?! I am trying to fix the…. oh dear.\" She hears a familiar voice. It was from her dear friend Mr. Ages. No words come to Mr. Ages as he sees the horrid sight. For years he has considered Cressida as a member of his family and that takes quite an achievement. To see something like this….It hits him straight in the heart to see her whole family has been wiped out by that wretched cat. He slowly comes over and places a comforting hand on her shoulder as she continues to cry over the sudden loss of her family. Unfortunately this isn't the first time it has happened. But it's a lot worse when an enter family has been wiped out. But he has a bad feeling that the cat is going to make another trip around this area quite soon. For the very least he needs to get her out out of here. \" Cressida. Listen to me.\" He says. \" I know you want to grieve right now, but you need to get yourself out of here before that cat comes back.\" \" I don't care!\" She screams as she continues to sob. \" There's point to me living anymore! If that cat wants to end me, then he should. I might as well see them in heaven!\" \"And do you think they want you to be like this!?\" He sternly tells her. \" Does your husband want you to end your own life!?\" \" Who are you to tell me what my husband would want!\" She yells at him. \" They all probably hate me for leaving them here to die!\" \" They understood that you have your duties to Nicodemus. Your husband knew that you were going to be gone for some of the time. Your children knew that they were going to have to take care of themselves some of the time. They knew of the consequences!\" He tells her off. \" I should have never have left them yesterday. I could have protected them.\" She cries. \" Or that you would have been killed too. None of us knows what could happen if something were to change. But what happened happened. There's nothing we can do about it. Cressida. Please. You need to live for your family.\" He implores her. \" I can't. I can't move on like this.\" She shakes her head. \" Then what about that baby. Are you going to live with yourself knowing you just killed yourself and your last child.\" He tells her. Her sobs suddenly stops as well as her heart in shock. She looks up at him in disbelief. \" Baby? What Baby?\" \" You didn't know?\" Mr. Ages frowns. \" You're pregnant. By the look of your stomach, you look to be about five days. Now please get up. Unless you want Dragon to kill that child too.\" She slowly and shakingly gets up on her feet still clutching onto the blanket in her hands. She has no intent of letting it go. \" That's it. Let's go Cressida.\" He slowly leads her away from everything that she once had. She says nothing as he leads her down a specific path. She doesn't where he's taking here nor does she care. She lost her whole family like that. Just nothing to turn back to. All she can do is move on with her life for her and the baby. As the sky gets darker and the further down she goes on the path, she becomes more familiar to where she is going. She's going towards the direction of the house belonging to her brother, Jonathan. She stops at the sight. Mr. Ages stops as well and frowns, \" Cressida. Come on. Let's go.\" \" I can't. I can't impose on my sister like this.\" She tells him. \" Well I can't have you in my house. You need a place to stay for heaven's sake! You lost your home and you need rest as well. Knowing them, your sister and her husband will be more than understanding to take you in.\" He tells her. She looks down and strokes her slightly protruding stomach. She sheds more tears for her child knowing he or she will never know what it's like to have a father or siblings. She shakes her head and proceeds to follow Mr. Ages to her sister's front door to his home and allows him to knock on the door. The door opens to see the friendly face of her brother in law. \" Mr. Ages! What a pleasant surprise and…. Cressida?\" Jonathan makes out her figure from the dark. It has been quite some time since his sister was last at his house. Mr. Ages gestures for Jonathan to bend forward a little. He does so and allows Mr. Ages to whisper into his ear to spare Cressida reliving the horror she has just seen and experienced. Her brother's face changes immediately into horror and remorse. \" Oh god. Come in Cressida.\" He immediately tells her. She nods and takes the offer. \" Take care of her Jonathan. She's going to need it now.\" Mr. Ages says before he heads off to his own home for the night. Cressida hangs her head as she goes past her brother in law into the warmth of his house to see a familiar quartet of rambunctious kids running around the house while his wife, Elizabeth is trying to cook dinner. \" Cressida?\" Elizabeth gasps in such surprise to see her younger sister. \" Hey! It's Aunt Cressida!\" The oldest one, Marvin shouted. \" Did you bring us something!?\" The youngest one, Cynthia had said. She almost nearly breaks down again at seeing those kids and envisioning her own playing with them in the past. Everyone was so happy and so safe. Jonathan notices this and leads her gently away towards the guest room. \" Now. Now. Children. Your Aunt is very tired and needs rest.\" He tells them. \" Jonathan? What's wrong?\" Elizabeth asks as she follows them. \" We'll talk later in private.\" He whispers his promise as he brings his sister into the guest room. He leaves Cressida alone after settling her into the bed and telling her it's going to be alright. She wish it were true, but it isn't. It isn't ok. He figures she needs time to herself right now which she greatly appreciates. She feels so helpless and vulnerable as she sobs over the loss of her family for a better part of the night until she tired herself out and finally falls into a fitful sleep. This is a test chapter for an au on this wonderful story. I watched the moving for the first time recently and I just fell in love with the story. It's so unique that the protagonist is a mother who goes to extreme lengths to protect her children. I never seen it in a animation movie and I wish that there is more of those stories about parent's love for their children. Disney needs to get on board with this concept. So I decided to do a story about a mother who lost her family and has to piece herself back to help what's left of her family for her and her child's sake. If you must know how does Mr. Ages determine she is five days pregnant, I will explain that it's fact that female mice are pregnant for only twenty days. So I am going with the more realistic mouse pregnancy instead of a human pregnancy. So at moment, in human terms, she's ten weeks pregnant. Tell me what you think or if you wish me to continue this.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Another tragedy. Cressida does not know how long she was in the guest room, but she doesn't care. Time is all but an illusion to her. All she could think about was that she could have done something. Something that would have protected her husband. Something that would have protected her children. But she didn't and her family is dead. Jonathan and Elizabeth come into her room often to check on her. Sometimes to give her food that she barely touched. Other times to give her company. But she doesn't want it. She wants to be alone. \" I know you're sad. But you need to eat. At the least for the baby.\" Her sister urges her when she waves away the food for the upteinth time. The baby. The one thing that is keeping her alive. For now. She can't be responsible for another one of her children's deaths. Especially her last one. No matter how much she feels guilty for what has happened. Cressida slowly forces herself to drink down the broth her sister made. The gnawing feeling in her stomach goes away as it feels a bit full. \" I know it's been five days since it happened. But Jonathan told me to tell you that the people at your job really miss you and want you to take as much time as you need.\" Her job. She must mean the rats of NIMH. Elizabeth does not know about NIMH and it's best this way. Even though they are sisters, Cressida knows better than to let her sister in on this major secret that could change history itself. It's for the protection of the rats and her sister's family. Elizabeth is better off not knowing what she and Jonathan are doing. \" Why don't you join us in the living room. The children really want to see you.\" Her sister insists. \" A bit of company would help.\" Even though Cressida just wants to simply stay in bed and grieve more, she doesn't want to be mean to her nieces and nephews. She adjusts her headscarf before being help out of bed by her sister. Spending five days in bed really takes a bit out of you. Especially since she is ten days pregnant and has to get used to the shifted gravity. She is met with bright light of the glowing hearth of the fireplace. Three of the children, Theresa, Martin, and little Cynthia, are playing in the main living area. Which raises an eyebrow with Cressida. Where's Timmy? \" Auntie Cressida!\" Cynthia shouts as she runs over. Cressida smiles a little. Her youngest niece just looks so cute with her bow tied around her tiny waist. \" Hi Cynthia.\" She quietly says as she groans. She definitely just felt a kick in her swollen stomach. \" What's wrong? Did I do something wrong?\" She asks so innocently. \" No you didn't sweetie. I just… have a baby in me.\" Cressida explains to her. \" There's a baby in you? How did it get in there?\" She asked in fascination. \" Well….\" Cressida said sheepishly as she explains to the child. \" That's something you can find out when you're a little older.\" \" Aw man.\" The little mouse huffed. It's obvious that she has heard of that statement. \" Don't worry Cynthia.\" Theresa promises to her little sister. \" When you get older, you'll get to learn lots of things. So many that your head will explode.\" She emphasizes on the explosion part. Cressida chuckles before she says, \" Do you want to feel the baby?\" Cynthia's eyes widens as she nods. Cressida takes her niece's hands with her own and places them on her ever growing stomach. It wasn't long before the baby kicks again and Cynthia gasps. \" I felt it! I felt it!\" She shouts. \" Cynthia.\" Her sister sternly says. \" Keep it down. Timmy is trying to sleep.\" \" Oh. Sorry mommy.\" She apologizes. \" It's alright honey.\" Her mother says. \" Is there something wrong with Timmy?\" Cressida asks out of concern. \" He has a bad cold. Hopefully he'll come out of it in a few days.\" Elizabeth says though unsure. \" I'm worried though. This is the worst I've seen from him. From all the children. If things get bad, I might have to go to this Mr. Ages you and Jonathan were talking about.\" \" I hope it doesn't resort to that. He doesn't like visitors. Even I'm at a level that he only tolerates me.\" She says. \" Brisby!\" Cressida hears a familiar shrew enter the house. \" Auntie shrew!\" Cressida says. The shrew lets herself into the house and unwinds herself from the gigantic scarf she was wearing. \" Oh you wouldn't believe the day I had out in the fields today. All those rocks and boulders.\" She self pities. \" I thought it was the end of me.\" She then notices Cressida. \" My word! You risen from the graves. I am very sorry for your losses my dear child. Those children of yours were always so sweet.\" She says to Cressida. \" Thank you Shrew.\" Cressida says mournfully and shakingly. \" I'm just... trying to get through this.\" \" And I see you are heavy with child again.\" The shrew says noting her pregnant stomach. \" At least you won't be alone. Make sure you're eating. You're not the only one you're starving. You want a nice strong healthy baby. And if you need anything at all from me just howler.\" She says as she pats Cressida's pregnant stomach. \" I'll….take that to heart.\" Cressida says. \" What brings you here Shrew?\" Elizabeth asks. \" I have come to tell you that spring is nearing and so is moving day. You guys better start your packing. Especially now that you Cressida are with child.\" She advises. \" Well I need to speak with Jonathan about that. I'll talk to him when he gets home tonight.\" Elizabeth. \" I think it's the wisest thing to do at this moment.\" Cressida agrees. Cressida isn't just saying that because of moving day, it's also the prospect of what's going on back at rose bush. From what she is hearing from Jonathan, Nicodemus is talking about the Thorn Valley Plan being executed around moving day at this point. It's not just moving day for her sister, it's also for the rats. Things are getting serious. \" If that's what you feel, I will best be off. Remember my warning.\" Shrew says before wrapping herself back in her gigantic scarf. \" Good day.\" She then heads up the stairs and sees to herself out of the home. \" I'm sure worried for Jonathan. He's never been home this late.\" Elizabeth says. \" He's fine. Liz.\" She assures her sister. He's always been known to take care of himself. Surely he has a reason for being late. \" Cress.\" Her sister says. \" I know it's been hard on you. I can't imagine my life without my family and I want you to know that I will always be there for you.\" \" And I will always be there for you. We've taken care of each other Liz and not a day goes by that I feel guilty for leaving you alone for all those months when we were just young mice.\" Cressida says. \" You were trapped in the farmer's boy cage before Jonathan rescued you. I don't blame you for that.\" Her sister smiles says as she gently takes her sister's hand. Before Cressida says anything a knock is heard from the door of the Brisby home. \" I wonder who that is.\" Elizabeth says as both her and her sister go up the stairs. The door is opened to find Mr. Ages looking sorrow at the two females. \" Mr. Ages?\" Cressida says in surprise. She knows him. It's not like him at all to visit. Unless….no. \" Mrs. Brisby.\" He says in a quiet manner. \" Yes.\" Her sister says oblivious. \" There was an accident.\" He struggles to say. \" Your husband….. Your husband….\" Her sister quickly pieces it altogether. \" No. No!\" Elizabeth denies getting upset. \" Please!\" \" I'm sorry. There was nothing anyone could do.\" He says. Elizabeth grabs Cressida as she starts crying. Cressida could only breath heavily and hold her sister in her arms as she cries. \" Jonathan.\" She cries. \" Mom?\" Theresa says. \" What's going on?\" \" Theresa. You and your brother and sister need to go to bed now.\" Cressida says to them immediately. \" I don't want any objections. Please.\" Theresa looks at her crying mother and shakingly nods before she takes care of her siblings. Mr. Ages look at them sadly one more time before seeing to himself out of their home. \" Elizabeth. I may not be strong as well right now, but we need each other. We have to help each other. I will help you and you need to help me. Jonathan, Hamish, Lise and Bradley would want us to continue, because there is no other option. Alright?\" Cressida says as tears roll down her face. Elizabeth says nothing but nods as tears come down her face and she continues to hold her sister. I'm back. After a while. I decided to continue and I have been busy with a lot of stuff. Next chapter will be the start of the movie au with Cressida. I hope you like it. Please Review. See You Later. ","Summary":" It's all about Family By: Adazula Story description: Cressida has lost everything to the cat, Drago"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Secret of NIMH 2: Return to NIMH","Author":"Thomas Holmes II","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10125298","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Secret of NIMH 2: Return to NIMH A/N: Hey guys, it's me, Thomas Holmes II. In 1982, a director named Don Bluth released an animated movie called 'The Secret of NIMH', based on the book 'Mrs Frisby and the Rats of NIMH' by Robert C. O'Brien. It was suspenseful, heart-warming, beautifully animated and had a simple, yet enduring story. It has recently become one of my all-time favourite films and is considered by many to be Don Bluth's greatest film in his entire career. But, sadly, the film also has one of the worst sequels ever made. 'The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue' is so awful, it doesn't even seem like a real sequel; it seems more like a fan fiction spin-off made into a movie. I know this thanks to the reviews of the movie done by the Nostalgia Critic and Film Master Adam. Bottom line: it's an utter disgrace to the first movie and very insulting to the character of Mrs Brisby. So, I'm doing my version of a 'Secret of NIMH 2' that will be without any doubt a hundred times better than the official sequel. So, without further ado, I present for your approval 'The Secret of NIMH 2: Return to NIMH'. This story is done in memory of Elizabeth Hartman, the voice of Mrs Brisby before she committed suicide in 1987. Prologue: In the beginning, the Rats were just ordinary streets rats, scavenging food from alleyways and infesting human settlements. Then, one day, they were captured by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH). Twenty rats and eleven mice were given injections, altering their DNA and causing them to develop intelligence, allowing them to read and understand humans better. However, when they tried to escape NIMH, nine of the mice were lost in the ventilation shaft; the actual escape was made possible thanks to one of the remaining two mice, Jonathan Brisby. The Rats took refuge in a rose bush on a farm owned by a man named Fitzgibbons, and they had to steal electricity in order to continue their research and expand their knowledge. However, as time went on, they began to develop a sense of morality and soon felt stealing was wrong. Nicodemus, leader of the Rats of NIMH and the smartest of them all, knew that NIMH would one day find them and he and the rest began to formulate a plan to move to Thorn Valley; Jonathan Brisby attempted to help with the plan, but was lost trying to drug the farmer's cat, Dragon. By then, he was married and had four kids, though they had known nothing of the Rats or NIMH. Shortly after his death, his widow, Elizabeth Brisby came to the Rats for help. Her son Timothy was terribly ill and under threat from the farmer's plough. The Rats agreed to help her and Nicodemus gave her a special gift: a mysterious Stone that once belonged to Jonathan prior to his death. Mrs Brisby also agreed to help the Rats with the plan to move to Thorn Valley. However, the plan was almost foiled by one of their own, Jenner, believing the Rats should stay where they were. Though he managed to kill Nicodemus, his attempt at sabotage ultimately met with failure and he was killed. After using the Stone given to her to move her home to safety, Mrs Brisby settled down in her new location with her kids, while the Rats departed for Thorn Valley. Her four children all longed to travel to Thorn Valley and meet the Rats and none more so than Timothy. Having been told by his mother of her adventure several times, he longed to have one of his own. He had no idea that soon, his wish would be granted in the most unexpected of ways… It was a wonderful spring morning on the Fitzgibbons farm. The field was quiet but for the twittering of birds. The field was a lush green and the flowers stood tall in the sunshine. At the lee of the stone, Mrs Elizabeth Brisby was sitting outside of her home by herself, gazing out across the field and thinking. It had been nearly two years since the Rats of NIMH and Mr Ages had departed for Thorn Valley after helping her move her home to a safe place from the farmer's plough and she still missed them very much, especially Justin, Captain of the Guard. While she was happy staying here with her family, she really wanted to visit Thorn Valley and see the Rats again and how they were developing in an ethical, self-efficient society. Justin had written to her quite a few times, delivering the letters via Jeremy the Crow. However, Mrs Brisby's reading skills were still rather rudimentary, so she barely understood half the words at times. However, she was able to deduce that because of her bravery, a statue of her had been erected in her honour and she was deeply touched. In the meantime, things had settled down back to normal here on the farm. Jeremy had finally found 'Miss Right', as he called her and settled down with her; Auntie Shrew was still as bossy as ever, though she had improved since meeting the Rats, and her children were pretty much the same; all except for Timothy, her younger son. After recovering from his bout of pneumonia, he had asked Mrs Brisby to recount her experience with the Great Owl, the Rats and Dragon several times. He was just so touched at how far she'd been prepared to go to save him and he longed to go on an adventure of his own. Mrs Brisby was happy, but something was bothering her quite a lot over the last two years; the Stone given to her by Nicodemus as a gift from Jonathan. She could still remember his words about it: \"Courage of the heart is very rare. The Stone has a power when it's there.\" She had used it to save her family after they were nearly drowned in the swamp and even though she'd given it to Justin rather than keep it herself, she could still feel its presence in her heart; its pull towards her. And sometimes, when she lay in bed, she could often hear a voice whispering to her; the voice very reminiscent of her husband Jonathan… Until she had met Nicodemus, Elizabeth had never known where her husband had come from. Like the Rats, he had come from the National Institute of Mental Health and had helped them escape. He could not tell his wife, because the injections that had genetically altered him had also slowed his aging process; she would have grown old while he stayed young and he couldn't bear to cause her any pain. Elizabeth could remember the day she first met Jonathan Brisby; it had been about six years ago and from what she'd learnt, shortly after the Rats' escape from NIMH. It had been a rather shocking encounter… Six years ago Elizabeth Jennifer Frisby was hurrying through the field as fast as her tiny legs would allow. Why had she ventured into the field and put herself in danger from the farmer's plough? Now she was going to get chopped to pieces! Elizabeth was hoping she could reach a crevasse or something where she could hide until the danger passed, but the plough was gaining on her fast and she was getting exhausted. Then, as Elizabeth was leaping over a large rock, her foot struck a protrusion and pain shot through her body as she cried out in pain. She fell to the ground and clutched at her foot; it was bleeding and she knew she wouldn't be able to run on it. What a terrible time for it to happen, when she was about to die. Elizabeth looked back and saw that the plough was now only metres away from her. There was nowhere for her to hide; she closed her eyes and waited for the end to come… Then, a hand grabbed her arm and she felt herself being dragged onto another mouse's back. \"Hold on, miss,\" a male voice said Elizabeth felt the mouse begin to run. She opened her eyes and found that the mouse carrying was running very fast, even faster than she had been running. Elizabeth looked behind her; the plough was still metres away from them and the gap was closing fast. Then at the very last second, the mouse carrying her dived into a small crevasse. He turned to look back and Elizabeth watched the plough move over their cover. Both mice stayed in the hole and waited, as the plough's noise grew fainter and fainter, until they finally faded away altogether. \"Are you alright, miss?\" the mouse asked Elizabeth. She couldn't quite make him out in the darkness of the crevasse. \"Y… y… y… yes,\" Elizabeth whimpered. She was too frightened to speak properly, or even say thank you. She had been a hair breadth away from being sliced into pieces. She fainted. … She woke up to the sound of soft, rushing water. She must be by the stream. Elizabeth opened her eyes to see that a red blanket was spread over her and her hurting foot had been bandaged. She looked around. The mouse who had saved her was sitting at the side of the stream; he was a grey mouse with a brown patch on his back. He looked very strong for a mouse. As Elizabeth sat up, he looked round. \"Ah, you're awake. How are you feeling? I bandaged up your foot as best as I could; it's not broken thankfully, but it is badly bruised. You shouldn't put weight on it for at least a few days.\" \"Okay,\" Elizabeth said. \"Thank you for saving me back there, sir. I thought I was a goner there.\" The mouse waved a paw. \"Just good to be of service to you, ma'am,\" he said. \"But take my advice; don't wander around the field when the plough comes.\" \"I didn't know it was today, sir; I was just collecting some grain to eat.\" The mouse sighed. \"To be honest, I didn't know it was today. I guess we should both be more careful when wandering the field from now on. \"But what were you doing out here?\" Elizabeth asked. The mouse paused for a moment. \"That's my business,\" he said finally. \"What you can know is that I was hiding in that crevasse when I saw you coming. When you got hurt, I knew you couldn't make it to safety, so I hurried out to get you.\" \"Yeah… thank you, sir.\" \"Don't call me sir!\" the mouse snapped. \"I work for a living!\" He paused. \"My apologies; I never told my name. Name's Jonathan; Jonathan Brisby.\" \"I'm… I'm Elizabeth… Elizabeth Frisby…\" \"Elizabeth… that's a nice name.\" Present day: Elizabeth was snapped back to reality when she heard her son Timothy calling for her. \"Mom, where are you?\" \"I'm out here, Timmy,\" Mrs Brisby called. Timothy Brisby stepped outside; he had grown considerably since his bout of pneumonia. \"Whatcha you doing out here, Mom?\" he asked, sitting beside her. \"Just thinking, Timmy,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"About the Rats?\" \"Yeah,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"And Jonathan too.\" \"Yeah, I have been thinking of Dad too. If only we could have learned more about NIMH from him before he died.\" \"Timothy, believe me when I say you don't want to know what that awful place is.\" \"How bad can it be, Mom? You've never been there.\" \"But Nicodemus showed me what it was like and I know that it's a terrible place. I too do often wish Jonathan could have told us about his origin, but it was for the better. I hope you never get to go through what he and the Rats did.\" \"But I want to know more about the wider world, Mom. I want to have an adventure, like you did.\" Mrs Brisby shook her head with a small smile. \"Timothy, I only went on that adventure to save you, not because I actually wanted adventure. I understand your curiosity and adventurous streak; Jonathan was the same, but you're still a kid and while you live under my roof, you listen to me.\" \"Oh, Mom!\" \"Cheer up! Since you, Martin and your sisters seem so keen to visit Thorn Valley, I have decided that there's no point delaying it any longer.\" Timmy suddenly looked excited. \"You mean we get to visit Thorn Valley and meet the Rats of NIMH?\" \"Of course, Timmy; you kids have been very good and I feel that you deserve it.\" Timmy hugged his mother tightly. \"Oh, Mom, thank you; thank you ever so much! Hey, Martin! Theresa! Cynthia! Guess what? We're going to Thorn Valley at last! We're going to meet the Rats of NIMH!\" And he dashed back inside. Elizabeth, shaking her head in amusement, followed him. But at the door, she stopped, her fur prickling slightly. She had a funny feeling that she was being watched; she'd had that feeling before when visiting the Great Owl and when entering the rose bush to find the Rats. She looked around her cautiously, but she could see nothing. Still feeling on edge, she entered the house. Her suspicions were, in fact, correct; she had indeed been watched, by a cloaked figure hiding in the brush. Though his face was hidden, he was grinning maniacally. \"So, that's Mrs Elizabeth Jennifer Brisby,\" he whispered. \"She's more timid-looking than I expected. Still, no matter; I've finally found her and her children and now I have the chance to wreak my revenge on the Brisby family! You better enjoy your children while you can, Elizabeth Brisby, because you won't have them much longer! Timothy wants to know about the wider world, does he? Well, I'll give him an adventure he'll never forget! And this time, no precious Stone will be able to save him! Ha, ha, hahahahahaha!\"[Chapter 2] Kidnapped! When the other Brisby children – Theresa, Martin and Cynthia – heard that they were finally going to journey to Thorn Valley to see the Rats, they were all delighted and immediately began packing the stuff they would need for the journey. In human years, all the Brisby children were little more than toddlers and infants, but seeing as mice age differently to humans, in mouse years, they were considerably older. Theresa was now about 17; Martin was 13, nearing 14; Timothy 12; and Cynthia 9, nearing 10. \"This is going to be a great trip!\" Theresa said, as she and Cynthia folded their clothes into a small case. \"Oh, yes!\" Cynthia said. When she'd been 4, she'd been quite fidgety, but she had a bit more self-control now that she was older. She and her sister were having no problem packing their things, but with their brothers, it was a totally different scenario. Martin was trying to prevent Timothy from getting their things mixed up due to Timothy's excitement. Timothy was so excited that he didn't seem to care whose stuff went to whom. \"Timmy, that's my shirt, not yours,\" he said, as he pulled his shirt from Timmy's case for the third time. \"Marty, does it really matter who carries what?\" Timmy said dismissively. \"What matters is that we're going to see the Rats of NIMH!\" \"You're gonna hurt yourself at this rate, you jumping bean! Cool it or get out of my room!\" \"Hey, it's our room too, Marty!\" \"Not if you keep acting like you have jumping beans in your pants!\" \"Well, you don't seem appreciative enough of this trip!\" \"Alright, that's enough, you two,\" Mrs Brisby said, moving over to help the two brothers, having just packed her own things. \"Timothy, I understand your excitement, but you need to calm down or you're going to hurt yourself or your brother.\" \"But, Mom…\" \"But nothing, Timmy. If you don't calm down and behave, you can't go; simple as that.\" At this, Timmy's face fell. \"I'm sorry, Mom; it's just that… I've been dreaming of this for such a long time; I can't help it.\" \"I know, Timmy, but you won't be able to go if you hurt yourself. And you need to be careful as to how you arrange your clothes with Martin. They've been mixed up enough, already. So please, save your excitement for when we actually get there.\" \"Okay, Mom.\" \"BRISBY! BRISBY!\" \"Oh, no,\" Martin groaned. \"Not her again!\" Mrs Brisby went back into the kitchen and sure enough, Auntie Shrew had just come in. Auntie Shrew wasn't really the children's aunt; she wasn't even a blood relative of theirs, for that matter. But she was an old friend of Mrs Brisby when they were younger, so she had agreed to help watch over the children, as a babysitter. She was also self-proclaimed leader of the field. However, she was strict, rather nosey and extremely fussy, with the result that she got on very poorly with Martin; with the rest of the children, she got on okay. \"Ah, there you are, Brisby,\" Auntie Shrew said. \"I see you and your children are preparing to head off somewhere.\" \"Yes, we're going to go to Thorn Valley and see the Rats.\" The Shrew narrowed her eyes. She had greatly distrusted the Rats, considering them outsiders, sneaky and conniving. Even after they had helped save the Brisby home, while she was grateful, she was still glad to see the back of them when they left. \"I suppose it was at the request of your fidgety little children,\" she said. \"Yes, they've been very eager to see Thorn Valley,\" Mrs Brisby said \"and I see no reason why I should deny them that pleasure any longer. Do you wish to come with us?\" \"Hmph! No thank you!\" Auntie Shrew said firmly. \"I have a field to run, and I prefer its quietness. Who knows how loud it could be with all those rats performing their crazy experiments?\" \"Okay, then,\" Mrs Brisby said. She thought she heard Martin give a sigh of relief. Theresa and Cynthia, however, seemed unhappy. \"Come on, Auntie Shrew,\" Cynthia pleaded. \"It'll be fun!\" \"We want you to come,\" Theresa said. \"I'm sure the Rats will be nice and we enjoy your company.\" \"I don't,\" Martin said. \"Martin!\" Mrs Brisby snapped. \"Be nice!\" Auntie Shrew gave a small smile. \"I'm touched that you want me to come – aside from Martin, it is – but I really can't, children. Aside from the reasons I've just given, I'm too old for travel. Speaking of travel,\" she looked back at Mrs Brisby, \"how are you planning on getting to Thorn Valley?\" \"I was thinking of having Jeremy and Viola fly us there,\" Mrs Brisby said, though she couldn't supress a shudder. She'd always been afraid of heights and still didn't really know how Jeremy had talked her into letting him fly her to the Great Owl. Even so, flying was the fastest way to get to Thorn Valley and Mrs Brisby knew she couldn't let her fear ruin this trip of a lifetime. Auntie Shrew didn't like Jeremy much, either. She'd always been put off by his clumsiness and lack of social skills. \"Why should you ask that klutz of a crow?\" she asked. \"From what you told me, he proved more of an annoyance than an aide two years ago.\" \"Yes,\" Mrs Brisby admitted, \"but he's still my friend and I'm sure living with his new mate may have helped him improve on his clumsiness.\" \"Well then, you go and find him, if you wish. I'll stay here and help the kids finish packing,\" Auntie Shrew said. \"Okay,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"Kids, be good for Auntie Shrew until I get back, okay? And Timmy; Martin, behave yourselves.\" \"Okay, Mom,\" Timmy said. Mrs Brisby headed pass Auntie Shrew and out of the door. But as she began to make her way towards Jeremy's tree, she again got the funny and uneasy feeling that she was being watched. For a moment, she thought she heard the rustling of leaves, but then again, a little breeze was blowing through. She soothed her thoughts by reminding herself that Auntie Shrew was there to watch the kids while she was gone. They'll be fine she thought before heading off. How very wrong she was… The mysterious rat hiding in the shadows was watching her leave, grinning. \"So, Mrs Brisby has now left her children to visit that silly crow friend of hers. This was easier than I expected; I didn't even need to draw her away from her kids. However, it seems she's beginning to suspect my presence; looks like now is my chance to move in. That shrew won't be any trouble at all. He, he, he.\" Mrs Brisby made her way across the field towards Jeremy's tree, which wasn't that far away from the lee of the stone. It was a smart oak tree and the nest Jeremy shared with his new mate, Viola, was up on one of the lower branches, set below the leaves. As Mrs Brisby reached the tree roots, she looked up and saw the nest. It was made up of a lot of string. She could see no sign of Jeremy or his mate. \"Jeremy!\" she called. \"Jeremy, are you there? Is anybody home?\" \"Hello?\" said a female voice in return. Viola Right – that was her full name – poked her head over the side of the nest. She was something of a foil to Jeremy; whereas he was clumsy and socially inept, Viola was careful, patient and very polite. She had soon become good friends with Mrs Brisby and had even taken to calling her 'Betty', which was short for Elizabeth. \"Ah, Betty, it's you,\" Viola said, spreading her wings and flying down to greet her. \"And what brings you here on this fine day?\" \"I was hoping you and Jeremy could fly me and my kids to Thorn Valley to see the Rats of NIMH,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"Where is Jeremy, by the way?\" \"He's out looking for a morning flight and I think he wanted to drop by and see you,\" Viola said. \"Anyway, I thought you were afraid of heights. I'd hate to be the cause of any discomfort, Betty.\" \"I know,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"But my children are so excited to go and I cannot let my own fears impair their enjoyment and flying is the fastest way to travel there.\" \"But which way is Thorn Valley,\" Viola asked. \"Jeremy always forgets whenever I ask him where it is.\" \"Justin told me before he left that it was south of the farm, nestled somewhere in the mountains,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"Hopefully… it shouldn't be too long a flight.\" \"Well, we'll discuss it with Jeremy when he gets back,\" Viola said. As if right on cue, Jeremy's voice called out to them. \"Hey Viola; Mrs Briz! Hello!\" Jeremy came swooping down towards them, though not without bumping into a few branches and getting entangled in the strings of his nest, resulting in him dangling above them upside down. \"Oh, great!\" he said. \"Not again!\" Viola and Mrs Brisby giggled. Jeremy's clumsiness never ceased to amuse them. \"Anyway, how are you, Mrs Briz?\" Jeremy asked. \"Jeremy, I told you before; just call me Elizabeth,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"But anyway, I'm fine. I just came to ask you and Viola a favour.\" \"Really?\" Jeremy said. \"What about your house guest?\" Mrs Brisby was puzzled. \"House guest? I wasn't expecting any guests.\" \"You sure? When I was flying over your home, I saw this guy wearing some dark cloak heading towards your home and I just assumed he must be a guest visiting you. Thought I heard a scream, but it was probably just my imagination.\" Mrs Brisby's heart plummeted. \"The children!\" she screamed and without another word, she dashed off back towards her home as fast as she could. Viola took off and followed her, leaving Jeremy behind. \"Um, hello, ladies,\" he said. \"A little help here…\" Mrs Brisby raced home; not caring with her hands and feet got cut or stung or if she felt exhausted. Why had she not alerted Auntie Shrew to be on the lookout, when she had suspected the presence of something wicked? Had she learned nothing from her experience from the Rats and Jenner? If something terrible had happened to them, she'd never forgive herself. At last, she reached her home, and found a horrible sight. The door had been wrenched off its hinges, as if someone had tried to open it forcefully. Viola landed behind Mrs Brisby. \"Oh no,\" she said. Mrs Brisby hurried inside and her fears were confirmed. The house looked like it had been ransacked. The table had been overturned; the packing cases lay on the floor, their contents strewn everywhere; hot cinders had been knocked from the kitchen stove and had set fire from a few clothes, which had now been reduced to ashes. There was no sign of life anywhere. I'm too late Mrs Brisby thought. Then… no! It can't be true! \"Theresa!\" she called. \"Martin! Kids, can you hear me?\" There was no reply. \"Kids!\" Mrs Brisby called again, tears beginning to well up in her eyes. \"Brisby,\" said a weak voice. Mrs Brisby whipped around. Auntie Shrew lay slumped against the wall; she had been stabbed in the chest and blood was dripping from her fur. \"Auntie Shrew!\" Mrs Brisby cried, running over to her. \"What happened here?\" \"Some evil… rat,\" Auntie Shrew wheezed. \"He… came for… the children…\" \"Who was he?\" Mrs Brisby asked desperately. \"Didn't say… his name,\" Auntie Shrew gasped. \"But he said… something about… revenge… Brisby, I tried… to defend the children; I tried, but he… was too strong for me. He… stabbed me… and then went for the kids. He… got Theresa… Martin and Cynthia… Timmy made a run for it and the rat… went after him. No doubt he's… been captured too…\" \"No,\" Mrs Brisby whimpered, tears now streaking down her face. \"Brisby… I'm so sorry, old friend… \"I failed you…\" \"No, it's not your fault; it's mine. I should have warned you. As I was leaving the house, I suspected someone's presence, but I just shrugged it off!\" \"Brisby… you must find your children… go to the Rats… they can… help you… save them…\" And with that, Auntie Shrew breathed her last. Mrs Brisby dissolved into tears, sobbing uncontrollably into her cape. Her children had been taken away and it was all her fault. She felt empty; deprived of purpose; wretched. \"What kind of mother am I?!\" she wailed. \"Kids, I'm so sorry! Jonathan, I'm so sorry!\" She didn't know what to do. Auntie Shrew had said to go to the Rats, but why bother? How could they help her now? \"Mom? Mom, are you there?\" Mrs Brisby's head jerked upwards. It was coming from outside. Was that who she thought it was? Could one of her children still be okay? \"Timmy?\" she called. \"Is that you, sweetie?\" Timothy came staggering through the door, soaking wet; his arm dripping blood; his eyes wide and his face white with fear. \"MOM!\" he cried, running into her arms and beginning to cry loudly into her shoulder. Mrs Brisby held her younger son tightly. \"Oh, Timmy!\" she cried, also crying, but softly. \"You're alright!\" \"Oh, Mom, it was… it was horrible!\" Timmy sniffled. \"This evil rat came… sniff stabbed Auntie Shrew… sob captured Marty, Theresa and Cynthia… sob came after me… sniff it was so scary!\" Mrs Brisby stroked her son's back gently. \"Shhh, it's okay, Timmy; it's okay. Mommy's here now, shhhh!\" Relief was sweeping through Mrs Brisby; Timothy was safe, at least. For a few moments, they stood there; the mother hugging her crying son tightly, stroking his back for comfort. Finally, Timmy calmed down. \"Tell me, Timmy; how did you escape?\" Mrs Brisby said, wiping his tears away and lifting him into her lap. Timmy sniffed, took a deep breath and then said. \"I made a run for it, hoping to find you and that evil rat came after me…\" \"Just one quick question, Timmy,\" Mrs Brisby said. \"What did the rat look like? Did you see his face?\" Timmy shook his head. \"No, Mom; he never took his hood down. But he sounded so scary. He almost reminded me of what you said about Jenner. But it couldn't be him; he's dead. \"Anyway, I ran as fast as I could; in fact, I ran faster than I expected. The rat couldn't catch with me. Then, as I was passing the stream, he threw a rock at me and it hit my arm.\" He gestured at his still bleeding wound. \"Does it still hurt?\" \"Not too badly, Mom. But I would like it to stop bleeding.\" \"Here, I'll get some bandages.\" Mrs Brisby lifted Timothy off her, set him on a chair, draped a towel over him and went to find some bandages. Thankfully, the first aid was still where she remembered; under her bed. She returned to Timothy, and began unrolling bandages. \"Go on.\" \"Well, I jumped into the stream, hoping to hide there,\" Timmy said, as his mother began to bandage his wound, \"but my blood gave me away. He dived in after me; he almost got me. But then, Jeremy dropped in; literally. He fell into the river and kept the rat distracted long enough for me to get away. I climbed out of the stream and hid. The evil rat looked around for me, but he reasoned I'd been swept away by the stream and so he left… taking Martin and my sisters with him.\" Tears welled up in his eyes again. Mrs Brisby finished bandaging her son's arm and took his hand. \"Timmy, did the rat say anything about where he was taking the others?\" \"I don't know,\" Timmy said. \"I think he mentioned NIMH once or twice; maybe he's taken them to one of the traps left by NIMH.\" Mrs Brisby's blood turned ice cold and her face went pale as a ghost. When the agents from NIMH had found the Rats had disappeared from the farm without trace, they had left traps behind should they return. Mrs Brisby knew where each one of them was and she thought she knew which trap her children might be in. \"You stay here!\" she said quickly to Timmy. \"I'm going to go and see if I can save them!\" And she hurried off before Timmy could say anything else. She passed Viola as she dashed out across the field. \"Betty, what's going on?\" Viola called after her, confused. But Mrs Brisby didn't reply. She was determined to reach her children in time. The nearest trap by NIMH was near the stream and because Mrs Brisby knew this field like the back of her paw, she could find it in very little time, though she was getting tired from all these running. Mrs Brisby reached the cage to find Martin, Theresa and Cynthia trapped inside. \"MOM!\" Cynthia cried. \"We knew you'd come!\" \"Help us!\" Theresa wailed. \"Get us outta this thing!\" Martin said. \"My dear children!\" Mrs Brisby panted. \"It's gonna be okay! I'm going to get you out three out of there! Everything's going to be fine; I promise.\" \"Mom, there's a latch on top of the cage,\" Theresa said. \"Undo it quickly!\" Mrs Brisby scrambled up the side of the cage to where the latch for the cage was. It was a lever that made the doors open and close. She took hold of it and began to push it as hard as she could. However, the lever had become rusty due to lack of maintenance and was stuck. \"It's stuck!\" Mrs Brisby said desperately. \"Come on, Mom!\" Theresa said encouragingly. \"You can do it!\" Then, they heard voices. Mrs Brisby looked round; two men in white coats were approaching. She'd forgotten that today was the day NIMH agents came to the farm to check up on things. Each cage was connected to an alarm bell and it must have alerted them to their capture. Mrs Brisby pushed as hard as she could, but the lever still wouldn't budge. She was sweating now; not just from effort, but from fear. If those agents got her children, they were lost. \"Mom, it's too late!\" Martin said. \"You'll never get this cage open in time! Go; save yourself!\" \"I'm… not… leaving you!\" Mrs Brisby grunted, continuing to push. This time, the lever moved, but only by a few centimetres; it had to move all the way for the cage to open. Then, suddenly… \"Look, Joe, there's a mouse on top of the cage!\" \"Get it then, Al!\" Mrs Brisby instinctively dived out the way before a hand could grab her. She fell to the ground and gazed up in terror at the two men in white men, whose faces were in shadow. \"Hmm, it's a field mouse, Joe. Shall we take it with us?\" \"Nah, it doesn't look much worth! You get the cage.\" The man named Al bent down and picked up the cage. \"NO!\" Mrs Brisby screamed and dived forward to grab it; she was determined to not let them take her children, no caring that she was up against two big humans. \"Oi!\" the man named Joe said and he swatted her away. Mrs Brisby hit the ground hard and she felt that her bottom had been badly bruised. But she ignored this; she looked up again to see the two scientists carrying away her children. \"No, you can't!\" she cried and ran after them. Her whole body now felt exhausted and her muscles were crying for rest. But she couldn't stop now. She reached the two scientists within moments. \"Stop!\" she cried. \"Those are my children!\" But to the scientists, they just heard squeaking. Joe looked back down and saw Mrs Brisby. \"Hey, it's that mouse again! She's following us! Go away, you little pest!\" And he kicked her away. Mrs Brisby landed with a splash in a puddle; pain shot through her back and she could barely sit up again. \"Joe, maybe you should get that mouse; we might as well, seeing it's following us,\" Al said. \"I'll take the others to the van.\" And he walked off with the cage to the van that was parked in front of the Fitzgibbon's home. Joe moved forward and reached for Mrs Brisby. She was too sore to run for it; she was trembling in fright. Then, Viola came swooping down and snapped her beak at Joe, cawing loudly. Joe swatted at her. \"Get off me, you stupid bird!\" he shouted, but Viola was pecking at him. \"Ow! Stop it!\" When Viola didn't stop, he turned and began to run after Al. \"What is it?\" This pesky crow is trying to peck my eyes out; get to the van, now!\" The scientists both ran for it, Viola chasing after them. \"MOM!\" Mrs Brisby heard her children screaming out to her, but there was nothing else she could do for you. She only hoped Viola could save them. However, a few moments later, she heard the starting of an engine and the sound of a van driving off and assumed the worst. This was confirmed when Viola returned to her, without Martin, Theresa or Cynthia. \"I'm so sorry, Betty,\" she said guiltily. \"They got in the van before I could stop them. I failed.\" \"You did all you could, Viola,\" Mrs Brisby sniffed, as fresh tears trickled from her eyes. Three of her beloved children were now going to suffer the terrible cruelty of NIMH and possibly subjected to awful experiments, like the Rats were. \"Mum!\" Timothy arrived on Jeremy's back. Jeremy was trailing strings behind him. \"Did you…?\" Timothy began, but his mother shook her head. \"Mom, what are we going to do now? Auntie Shrew's dead; our home's been wrecked and Marty, Theresa and Cynthia have been taken away by NIMH!\" He looked positively distraught at this point. \"There's only one thing we can do now, Timmy,\" Mrs Brisby said, as she got up, wincing. \"We have to go to the Rats at Thorn Valley. If your siblings have been taken to NIMH, the Rats are the only ones who can help us rescue them. After all, they came from NIMH; they can help us get there.\" \"You really think they can help us save them?\" Mrs Brisby smiled. \"Of course, they can. They helped me save you from the plough, didn't they?\" Timmy sniffed. \"Okay, Mom. We'll go to them, then. I am coming with you, right?\" \"Of course; no way am I leaving you behind!\" \"Betty, you're hurt,\" Viola noted. \"That doesn't matter now,\" Mrs Brisby said firmly. \"What matters is that I get to Thorn Valley as soon as I can.\" \"But… what about Auntie Shrew?\" Timmy said. Mrs Brisby thought about her old friend. Shrew might be fussy and a busybody, but she'd still been a good babysitter and she had helped her when trying to save Timmy. \"There's nothing we can do for her now, Timmy,\" Mrs Brisby said heavily, a tear in her eye. \"We'll leave her to the other field animals to bury her, but we have to get to Thorn Valley ASAP.\" \"But what about my things?\" Timmy asked \"I'm afraid there's no time to repack. Besides, the Rats can provide us with what we need when we get there.\" \"Okay, Mom.\" Mrs Brisby turned to Jeremy. \"Can you fly us to Thorn Valley, please?\" Jeremy smiled. \"Am I allergic to cats?\" he said. Then, he realized what he'd said. \"Dragon's not anywhere near here, is he?\" \"No, Jeremy,\" Mrs Brisby said, rolling her eyes, as she climbed onto Jeremy's back behind Timothy. She then turned to Viola. \"Viola… you stay here and tell everyone else what happened to Auntie Shrew; tell them she's dead. Make sure she's properly buried.\" \"Okay, Betty, I will,\" Viola said, as she got ready to fly off. \"Alright, Jeremy,\" Timmy said. \"Let's get going.\" \"Oh, and Elizabeth?\" \"Yes, Viola?\" \"Be careful, won't you? And good luck to you both. I hope you find your children safely.\" Mrs Brisby nodded. \"Thank you and we will; I promise you that.\" ","Summary":" The Secret of NIMH 2: Return to NIMH A/N: Hey guys, it's me, Thomas Holmes II. In 1982, a director "},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Voyage vers la Vallée de Thorn","Author":"AdriCureuil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12640634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note de l'auteur: Bonjour à vous chers lecteurs. Je suis fier de vous présenter ma fan fiction. Avant de la lire, vous devez savoir plusieurs choses. C'est la première fois que j'écris une histoire que se voudra longue et ambitieuse. J'ai un style d'écriture qu'on peut qualifier de simpliste, pour ne pas dire brouillon. Je vous demanderez donc de faire preuve d'indulgence, s'il vous plait. Tous conseils et toute critique constructive susceptible de m'aider à m'améliorer sont évidemment les bienvenues. Sur ce, je vous souhaite une bonne lecture. Merci à mon ami Aerihus pour la correction. ( donc s'il y a encore des fautes, ce n'est pas la mienne.) Chapitre 1 Mr. Âges était concentré. Concentré sur l'une de ces expériences, selon lui la plus importante de sa vie. Cela faisait des mois qu'il travaillait dessus et la vielle souris en était convaincue, il était proche du but. Rien, absolument rien ne l'empêchera d'enfin arriver à ses fins. Rien... à part des claquements métalliques. Mr. Âges savait parfaitement ce qu'était ce bruit. Il préféra l'ignorer afin de se concentrer sur son travail. Mais d'un autre côté, cela faisait 2 ans qu'il attend ce claquement. Toutes ces nuits blanches auront été vaines. La souris soupira, se leva de son bureau et se dirigea vers l'origine du bruit. Ces claquements n'étaient pas des bruits ordinaires, c'était un message en morse. Ce message ne pouvait venir que d'un seul endroit, la vallée de Thorn. En effet i ans, les rats quittèrent le rosier de la ferme des Fitzgibbons et partirent s'installer dans la Vallée de Thorn afin d'échapper une bonne fois pour toute aux scientifiques du NIMH. 1 an plus tard, grâce à leur grande intelligence, ils étaient parvenus à installer un système télégraphique sans fil entre la vallée et le domicile de Mr. Âges. Depuis plus aucune nouvelle, jusqu'à aujourd'hui. Avec un crayon et une feuille de papier, la souris s'empressât de traduire le message. \"Mon cher Âges. Je t'invite toi ainsi que Mme. Brisby et ses enfants à l'anniversaire de la fondation de notre colonie à Thorn qui aura lieu dans quatre semaines. Sachant de Mme. Brisby à un oiseau comme ami, le voyage sera cours et sans danger. Tiens-moi au courant de ta réponse ainsi que celle de Mme. Brisby. Justin\" « 2 ans sans nouvelles et tu me déranges pour une invitation à une fête ridicule ? » Grommela le savant. Il soupiras à nouveau et sorti de chez lui. Il avait un message en transmettre à Mme. Brisby. Assise sur un petit canapé, Mme Brisby avec l'aide de sa fille ainée Teresa, était en train de coudre de nouveaux vêtements pour ses enfants. Elle surveillait aussi du coin de l'œil Martin son cadet et Timothy son benjamin, s'amusant à se battre avec des bouts de bois, ainsi que sa petite dernière, Cynthia, qui regardait ces deux grands frères d'un air amusée. La mère de famille ne pouvait être plus heureuse. Après sa folle aventure i ans, la vie était redevenue paisible et elle allait le rester sans doute longtemps. Leur maison était à l'abri du tracteur, le chat Dragon se faisant vieux ne s'embêtait plus à chasser et ses enfants étaient tous en pleine forme. Parfois, elle pensait à Jonathan son défunt mari. C'était un sentiment rempli d'amour et de nostalgie mais pas de tristesse. Car Mme Brisby avait fait son deuil et était passée à autre chose. Un tocquement à la porte d'entrée fit sortir Mme Brisby de ses pensées. « Ne bouge pas maman, je vais ouvrir. » dit Teresa en se dirigeant vers la porte. « J'espère que ce n'est pas encore tatie Musaraigne. » murmura Martin à son petit frère. Teresa ouvrit la porte, laissant apparaître Mr. Âges, visiblement toujours agacé de s'être fait déranger en plein travail. « Bonjour mon enfant. Je viens voir ta maman. » « Maman, c'est le vieux fou. » Lança Timothy à sa mère. Cette dernière se retourna vers la porte et vit un Mr. Âges énervé par la remarque de son fils. « Vieux fou, commença vieux fou? Je te rappelle que c'est moi qui ai concocté le remède à ta maladie. Quelle ingratitude. » « C'est tatie Musaraigne qui vous appelle comme ça. » Répondit innocemment le souriceau. « Je penser que vous étiez d'accord. » « Timothy, tu ne dois pas répéter tout ce que disent les adultes. Surtout si c'est des insultes. » L'enfant baissa la tête, honteux de se faire gronder pas sa mère. Il présenta ses excuses. Le savant les accepta, ce n'était pas complètement la faute de Timothy. Mme Brisby salua son ami et l'invita à s'asseoir sur un fauteuil. « Alors Mr. Âges qu'est qui vous amène? Vous voulez boire ou manger quelque chose ? » « Non merci, ce n'est pas la peine. » Dit-il en s'asseyant. « Pour répondre à votre question madame, je suis ici car j'ai reçu un message de Justin. » Il sortit alors de sa poche la feuille de papier sur laquelle il avait écrit le message. «Vraiment ? C'est merveilleux. » Dit Mme Brisby avec un grand sourire, heureuse d'avoir enfin des nouvelles des rats qui l'avaient aidé à sauver sa famille. « Et que dit le message, rien de grave j'espère ? » « Non rassurez-vous. Ils nous invitent juste à une fête. L'anniversaire de la fondation de la colonie de Thorn qui aura lieu dans quatre semaines pour être plus précis. » « Une fête ? » Commença Teresa. « A la vallée de Thorn ? » Continua Martin. « On peux y aller maman, s'il te plait. » Supplia Timothy. « Tu avais promis qu'un jour on irait là-bas. » Ajouta Cynthia. « Allons les enfants du calme. Je n'ai pas oublié cette promesse. Mr. Âges comment voulez-vous que l'on se rende là-bas ? » « Avec l'aide de votre ami l'oiseau. » répondit le savant. « Jérémy ? Cela risque d'être impossible. Sa femme a récemment eu des petits. Il est donc très occupé. » « Je vois. Le problème c'est qu'à pied le voyage risque d'être plus long et dangereux. » « Hooooo ! » Poussèrent en cœur les enfants très déçus par la nouvelle. Mme Brisby ne pouvait aussi cacher la déception. Car elle aussi souhaitait vraiment revoir ses amis les rats. Elle pensa faire le voyage à pied mais comme l'a dit Mr. Âges, cela pourrait être dangereux. Mme Brisby n'avait pas envie de mettre en danger la vie de ces enfants. Mais elle eut alors une idée. « Et avec un guide ? » Proposa-t-elle. « Il pourrait nous faire passer par des chemins sans danger. » L'enthousiasme des enfants remonta d'un coup. Ils tournèrent tous leurs têtes en direction de Mr. Âges en attente d'une réponse positive. « Et bien euh... Oui il doit bien avoir ce genre d'individu avec eux. » Les enfants sautèrent tous de joie rien qu'à l'idée de penser à l'aventure qui se préparait. Leur mère elle, ressentait un sentiment mélangeant l'excitation et la peur. Le vieux savant se leva d'un bon de son fauteuil. « Je vais de ce pas télégraphier à Justin. Je vous tiens au courant. » Situé entre deux montagnes, la vallée de Thorn était la cachette idéale pour les rats de NIMH. Quasiment infranchissable pour l'Homme, c'était un endroit entièrement recouvert de plante épineuse. Sous ses plantes, il y avait un véritable réseau constitué de centaines de milliers de galerie souterraine. Dans ces galeries, les rats y avaient bâti une véritable petite cité. Grâce à plusieurs rivières souterraines, ils ne manquaient pas d'eau et avec l'aide de moulins hydroélectriques, ils avaient l'électricité. Au centre de la cité de Thorn, se trouvait la maison de Justin, chef des rats depuis la mort de Nicodemus. Assis à son bureau, il attendait quelqu'un. Quand on toqua à sa porte, il autorisa la personne à rentrer. Il s'agissait d'un rat mâle plutôt gros. Il était facile de deviner qu'il aimait manger. Ses poils sont de couleur marron claire et ses yeux d'un brun éclatant. Il avait une moustache épaisse et tombante. Il était habillé d'une simple chemise blanche à manches longues avec par-dessus une tunique verte en cuire sans manche. Le gros rat avait également une masse d'armes accrochée à la ceinture. Ce rat se nommait Gustave Oak. « Salut Justin, tu voulais me voir ? » Demanda Gustave à son chef. « Oui mon ami, j'ai une mission à te confier, à toi et à ton associé. » « Je ne comprends pas. » Répondit le gros rat. « On a assez de vivres pour tenir pendant encore des mois. » Le travail de Gustave consistait à récupérer de la nourriture dans des endroits dangereux. Gustave avait la réputation d'être un grand bagarreur et de posséder un immense courage. Bref il n'était pas le genre d'individu à avoir peur des animaux plus gros que lui. « Il ne s'agit pas de ça. C'est une mission d'escorte. Vous devrait accompagner Mme Brisby et ses enfants jusqu'à la vallée. » « La famille de Jonathan ? » S'écria Gustave avec joie. Il attrapa la main de Justin et la serra avec une telle force que ce dernier du se retenir de ne pas grimacer de douleur. « Ce sera pour moi un immense honneur. Nous partons tout de suite si tu veux. » Le gros rat lâcha enfin de la main de son ami. Ce dernier la secoua afin d'atténuer la douleur. « Ravi de te voir aussi enthousiaste. J'aurais aimé venir, mais j'ai beaucoup de travail ici. Cela serait bien que vous partez aujourd'hui. Cela ne vous prendra qu'une semaine pour aller chez Mme Brisby. Bien évidemment, faites les passer par des chemins surs. » « Très bien. Âges est aussi du voyage ? » « À la base oui. Mais je cite \"les voyages à pied, très peu pour moi. Ce sera pour une autre fois.\" . « Dommage, j'aurais aimé le revoir. » « Bon, je vais prévenir Roland. » « En parlant de lui, j'espère qu'il ne sera pas trop dur avec la famille Brisby. Mais bon, cela lui fera sans doute du bien de voir d'autre souris autre que sa fille. Vu qu'il nous aime pas. » « Non Justin, nous il nous tolère. Toi t'es le seul qu'il n'aime pas. » Gustave quitta alors la pièce, laissant Justin qui se demander une fois de plus ce qu'il avait bien pu faire à Roland pour que ce dernier ne l'apprécie pas. Le gros rat se dirigea vers le domicile de son associé. Roland Forge était l'ami et le collègue de Gustave. Contrairement à lui, Roland était une souris. Lui et sa fille Jeanne, vivaient à la vallée de Thorn depuis 2 ans. Tout comme Gustave, s'était quelqu'un de courageux et qui savait se battre. Mais contrairement au rat, Roland n'était pas vraiment quelqu'un de sympathique et de social. Ce qui fait que beaucoup d'habitants de Thorn de l'aimaient pas. Une fois arrivé chez son ami, Gustave frappa à la porte. Aucune réponse. Il savait que qu'il était chez lui. Le rat refrappa et cette fois ci, eut une réponse. « Qui que vous soyez allez vous faire voir ! » « Roland c'est Gustave. » Entendant cela, la souris ouvrit la porte. La première chose qui frappe avec Roland Forge, c'est qu'il était plutôt grand pour une souris mais il restait plus petit qu'un rat. Sa fourrure était grisâtre, ses yeux marron foncés et son oreille droite était abîmée. Il portait comme tout vêtement, une tunique à manches courtes de couleur jaune ocre, une ceinture noire et d'une cape marron. « Salut vieux. » dit Gustave. « Ouais salut. Tu veux quoi ? » dit Roland d'une façon nonchalante. « Nous avons une nouvelle mission. » Annonça Gustave avec joie. « Nous devons escorter Mme Brisby et ses enfants jusqu'à la vallée de Thorn. La famille Brisby, tu te rends compte ? » Pendant quelques secondes, Roland fixa silencieusement Gustave qui affichait un grand sourire. « C'est qui ? » « Mais enfin, c'est la famille à Jonathan Brisby. » Répondit Gustave visiblement scandalisé par la réponse de la souris. « Je t'ai pourtant raconté l'histoire. » « Du calme, je la connais ton histoire. Vu le nombre de fois que tu me la raconté... On part quand ? » « Aujourd'hui même. » « Tant mieux, quelques jours loin de cette endroit me fera le plus grand bien. Je préviens Jeanne et j'arrive. » Quelques minutes plus tard, Roland sorti de chez lui avec un long bâton de combat en bois. « C'est tout ce que tu prends ? » Lui demanda le gros rat. « Je n'ai besoin que de ça. » Répondit Roland. Une jeune souris femelle sortie alors de la maison. Sa fourrure était marron clair et ses yeux étaient verts. Elle avait une coupe iroquoise, des bracelets métalliques aux deux poignets et était simplement habillée d'une courte robe bleue sans manche. « Bon voyage pa. » Dit Jeanne à son père. « Tu es sur que tu ne veux pas venir ? » Demanda ce dernier. « Une autrefois peut être. J'ai encore du travail ici. » « Comme tu voudras. Allez Gustave, allons-y.» Alors que les deux compères n'avaient fait que quelques pas, Roland se retourna vers sa fille. « Ho j'allais oublier. Qu'est que tu dois faire si quelqu'un te drague un peu trop lourdement ? » « Je lui casse le bras. » Répondit calmement Jeanne avec un sourire narquois. « Ça c'est ma princesse. » Dit Roland tout fier de sa fille. Une semaine plus tard. Roland Forge et Gustave Oak étaient arrivés à la ferme des Fitzgibbons . Étant passés par des endroits surs, leurs voyages c'était déroulé sans le moindre problème. Ils avaient avec eux une charrette que Gustave tirait à la seule force de ces bras. Elle contenait des provisions et d'autres objets utiles lors de longs voyages. Avant de se rendre chez la famille Brisby, le rat voulut rendre visite à Mr. Âges. Roland lui préféra l'attendre. Il ne connaissait pas Âges et ne voulait pas que ça change. Gustave impatient de revoir son vielle ami, frappa rapidement et de manière répété à la porte de sa maison. « QUOI ENCORE ? » Hurla de colère Mr. Âges en ouvrant violemment la porte, énerver de s'être fait à nouveau déranger dans son travail. « Jacob. » Le gros rat attrapa le savant dans ces bras et se mit à le câliner avec force. « Je suis si heureux de te revoir. » « Oui euh moi aussi Gustave mais lâche moi tu m'étouffe. » Le rat s'excusa et lâcha son ami. Après avoir retrouvé son souffle, Jacob Âges dit. « Je suppose que tu es le guide de la famille Brisby ? » « Oui. » Répondit fièrement le rat. « Roland et moi.» Mr. Âge se décala pour mieux observer Roland. Au début, il crut qu'il s'agissait d'un rat. Mais quand il remarqua qu'il était une souris tout comme lui, Jacob fut impressionné par la taille de son congénère. Roland lui, dévisagea la vielle souris en le saluant de la main. « Bon venez, je vous conduis chez Mme Brisby. » Une fois arrivé chez Mme Brisby et que toute la famille était prête au départ, Gustave s'avança vers la maman. « Madame je me présente, Gustave Oak. C'est pour moi un immense honneur de vous rencontrer vous et vos enfants. Sachez que votre époux était l'un de mes amis proches. » Dit le rat en serrant la main de Mme Brisby. « Ravi de vous connaitre. » Dit Mme Brisby avec un sourire. Puis elle remarqua Roland qu'elle regarda avec des yeux intrigués. Gustave savait que son ami ne se présenterait jamais de lui-même. Il fallait qu'il intervienne. « Mme Brisby... » Commença le rat avec plein d'entrain. « ...Je vous présente mon collègue et ami Roland Forge. Je vous laisse faire connaissance. » Gustave abandonna Mme Brisby juste en face de Roland et se dirigea vers les enfants afin de les rencontrer. Tout comme Mr. Âge, Mme Brisby fut d'abord assez surprise de taille inhabituelle de Roland. Elle ne pouvait s'empêcher de sentir intimidée face à lui. La souris mâle se contentait de l'observer avec un regard neutre. « Enchantée Mr Forge. » Dit enfin Mme brisby en tendant la main vers lui. « Je suis heureuse de faire votre connaissance. » La grande souris attrapa la main de la mère et la serra. « Ravis aussi m'dame. » Répondit Roland. « ...Et quel est votre prénom ? » « Mon prénom ? » fit Mme Brisby surprise par la question. « Vous avez bien un prénom ? » « Oui c'est juste que... » « Cessez de l'importuner. » Coupa une voix féminine qui devait appartenir à une personne d'un certain âge. Roland se retourna et vit une musaraigne qui le dévisageait du regard. « Ho tatie Musaraigne, vous êtes venu nous dire au revoir ? » Dit Mme Brisby. « Tout à fait ma chère. » Puis elle tourna vers Roland et lui lança une expression autoritaire. « Je vous préviens, si jamais il arrivait quoique ce soit à la famille Brisby, je vous jure que je vous... » « Vous quoi ? » Coupa la souris avec un regard dur. Voyant cela, Tati Musaraigne fit un pas en arrière. « Et bien je vous euh... Faites juste en sorte qu'ils arrivent tous saine et sauf. » Ayant était témoin de la scène, Martin se tourna vers son frère et ses sœurs. « Vous avez vu ça ? » Leur chuchota-t-il. « Ce type fait peur à Tati Musaraigne. Je crois que je l'aime bien. » « Nous vous en faite par madame. » Dit Gustave en s'avançant suivis des enfants. « Roland et moi sommes des professionnels. Tout se passera bien. » « A chaque fois que tu dis ça, ils nous arrivent une galère. » Répondit Roland avec un sourire moqueur. « Tout ce passera bien. » Conclut Gustave avec un regard réprobateur vers son collègue. Les enfants se mirent à regarder Roland avec des yeux remplis de curiosité. Mme Brisby présenta chacun d'entre eux. Le mâle se contenta de les saluer de la tête et se dit qu'il aura la réponse à sa question une autrefois. Le moment de partir était venu. La famille salua une dernière fois Mr. Âges et Tati Musaraigne. Après que les enfants soient tous montés dans la charrette, le groupe se mit en route. Une fois qu'ils étaient assez éloigné Jacob Âges se tourna vers Tati Musaraigne, croisa les bras et tapa du pied. « Alors comme ça je suis un vieux fou ? »[Chapter 2] Cela faisait quelques heures que le groupe avait débuté son voyage. C'était la première fois que Mme Brisby s'aventurait aussi loin de chez elle. Un peu anxieuse, elle contempla ce paysage inconnu qui se dessinait devant elle au fur et à mesure qu'elle avançait. La maman jeta aussi un coup d'œil à ses enfants. Assis dans la charrette entre les provisions, ils jouaient à un jeu pour passer le temps. Contrairement à elle, ils n'avaient pas l'air d'être inquiet. Mme Brisby respira un grand coup. Elle se dit qu'elle s'inquiétait sans doute pour rien. Après tout, Gustave lui avait assuré que ce voyage serait sans danger et il semblait savoir de quoi il parle. Afin de penser à autre chose, elle décida de discuter un peu avec le rat. « Dites moi Mr Oak... » « Je vous arrête tout de suite. » Coupa le rat. « Pas de \"monsieur\" avec moi, appelez-moi Gustave. » Conclue t'il avec un sourire. « Comme vous voulez, Gustave. » Répondit-elle en souriant. « La vallée de Thorn, c'est comment ? » Entendant la question de leur mère, les enfants se levèrent d'un coup et allèrent à l'autre bout de la charrette afin d'écouter la réponse du rat. « Ho oui Mr Oak, racontez nous, racontez nous. » Dit la petite Cynthia en sautillant sur place. « Mais avec joie. » Fit le rat amusé par l'enthousiasme de l'enfant. Il commença alors son explication avec des étoiles dans les yeux. « Voyez-vous, la vallée de Thorn est un endroit magnifique, le paradis sur Terre. Pour ce qui est de notre colonie, on ne manque absolument de rien. Bref il y fait bon vivre et j'ai vraiment hâte que vous l'a voyez de vos propres yeux. » Les enfants étaient complètement en émerveillement. Mme Brisby, bien qu'elle trouva cette courte description exagérément paradisiaque, était elle aussi impatiente d'arriver à destination. Après quelques minutes d'hésitation, elle se tourna vers Roland, bien décidé à le connaitre un peu plus. La souris mâle la vit s'approchait et vit aussi son ami lui jeter un regard qui disait clairement \"soit gentil avec elle\". « Mr Forge, je voulais savoir... ». Commença-t-elle avec hésitation. « ...Vue que vous vivez à Thorn, avez vous été aussi victime du NIMH ? » Avant de répondre, Roland regarda à nouveau Gustave qui n'avait toujours pas changé d'expression. Roland soupira et répondit. « Non m'dame, je suis comme vous, une souris tout ce qui a de plus ordinaire... si on oublie la taille. » Roland avait répondu de manière plutôt amicale. Cela mit Mme Brisby en confiance pour continuer la discussion. « Et vous avez de la famille, des enfants ? » «Une fille, Jeanne. Ho... Ce n'est plus une enfant depuis longtemps. » Gustave semblait ravi (et surpris) du comportement amical de son collègue. Habituellement, Roland détestait quand quelqu'un lui posait des questions d'ordre personnelles. « Je suppose aussi que votre femme vit avec vous ? » Demanda innocemment la maman. Face à cette question, Gustave et Roland s'arrêtèrent de marcher quasiment en même temps. Le rat semblait paniqué. Mme Brisby fut surprise par la reaction si soudaine de ses deux compagnons. Mais elle fut aussi surprise par l'expression colérique qui lui lança la souris mâle. Par réflexe, elle recula. Roland baissa alors la tête, la tristesse ornant son visage. Mais il releva son museau d'un coup et se remit en marche. « Allez. » Dit-il froidement. « On a beaucoup de route à faire. » Le reste du groupe resta immobile. Gustave regarda son ami s'éloignait avec tristesse. Mme Brisby essayait de comprendre ce qu'il venait de se passer. Elle devina rapidement. « Gustave, est-ce que sa femme est... ? » Le rat répondit par un hochement de tête. « Il en souffre encore un peu. C'était déjà le cas il y a deux ans quand je l'ai rencontré.» « Alors vous venez ? » Cria Roland au loin. Le reste du groupe se remit en route. Après l'avoir rejoint, Mme Brisby regarda discrètement Roland. Elle se sentait coupable et avait envie de lui présenter ses excuses. Mais le mâle marchait d'un pas ferme et ne semblait plus avoir envie de parler. Elle décida de remettre ses excuses à plus tard car ce n'était sans doute pas le bon moment. Quelques heures plus tard, le soleil commença à se coucher. Il était temps pour le groupe de trouver un endroit où passer la nuit. Ils s'installèrent dans une vieille souche d'arbre ouverte en deux. Au moment du repas, ils s'assirent au pied de la charrette. Gustave prit des graines de mais et en tendit à chaque membre de la famille Brisby. Chacun d'entre eux le remercia. Roland était absent. On pouvait le voir de dos manger à l'extérieur, assis sur l'une des racines de la souche. Mme Brisby l'observa tristement. « C'est à cause de moi s'il reste éloigné ? » Demanda-elle à Gustave. « Non rassurez-vous madame, il monte juste la garde. Il fait toujours ça, y compris dans des lieux sans danger comme celui-ci. » Après le repas, la tête posée sur la charrette, Gustave s'endormi. Mme Brisby décida de faire de même avec ses enfants. « Allez les enfants, il est l'heure de dormir. » « Encore un peu maman s'il te plaît. » Supplia Martin. « Désolée Martin, demain nous avons encore beaucoup de route à faire. Il faut donc se coucher tôt pour être en forme. » «Tu sais Martin, maman à raison. » Ajouta Teresa. « Fait pas ta grande soeur avec moi Teresa. » Répondit son frère. Il obéit finalement à sa mère et s'allongea sur le sol. Sa grande sœur se coucha près de lui suivie de Timothy et Cynthia. « Maman tu peux nous chanter ta berceuse s'il te plaît ? » Demanda Timothy. « Mais ont la connaît tous par cœur. » Protesta Martin. «Et puis Teresa et moi on a passé l'âge d'écouter des berceuses.» « Je veux bien ré entendre maman. » Dit Teresa, ce qui cloua le bec de son frère. Ce dernier ne l'avouera pas, mais il avait aussi envie d'écouter à nouveau la chanson de sa mère. «Très bien. » Dit leurs mères avec un sourire tendre. Elle prit une inspiration et commença à chanter. « Pour l'amour d'un enfant Arrêter le temps Pour seule arme Une larme Et pourtant Les chagrins de la nuit Se sont évanouis Le bonheur Au fond des coeurs A fleuri L'aventure Laisse aux blessures Un goût de miel Quand l'amour Au point du jour A dans ses ailes Un morceau du ciel Un morceau du ciel Les amis sont partis Pour le paradis Leur silence Est aussi dense Que la nuit Ou leur histoire Dans nos mémoires Est venue faire son nid L'aventure Laisse aux blessures Un goût de miel Quand l'amour Au point du jour A dans ses ailes Un morceau du ciel Un morceau du ciel Les amis sont partis Vers une autre vie Leur bonheur Était ailleurs Aujourd'hui Mais quelque part Dans nos espoirs Ils sont encore ici Où leur histoire Dans nos mémoires Est venue faire son nid Quelque part Dans nos mémoires Et dans nos rêves aussi » Quand elle eut fini sa berceuse, Mme Brisby remarqua que tous ses enfants étaient endormis. Elle donna à chacun d'eux un bisou sur le front puis elle tourna la tête vers Roland. Ce dernier n'avait pas bougé. Elle soupira et s'avança vers lui. Arrivée à coté du mâle, elle désigna de la main la racine où il était assis. « Bonsoir, puis je m'asseoir ? » « Je vous en pris. » Répondit calmement Roland. « Merci. » Mme Brisby lui sourit et s'exécuta. Pendant quelques minutes, le silence régna entre les deux souris. L'un comme l'autre voulaient prendre la parole mais personne n'osa se lancer. Finalement, Mme Brisby brisa ce silence. « Écoutez, à propos de ce qui s'est passé, sachez que je suis désolé et... » « C'est plutôt à moi de m'excuser. » Coupa Roland. «J'ai mal réagi et puis... vous ne pouviez pas savoir. Je suis désolé. » « Ce n'est pas grave, je comprends. ...Écoutez, je sais ce que ca fait de perdre quelqu'un. Donc si vous voulez en parler, je suis là. » Surpris par cette proposition, Roland tourna la tête vers la femelle. Cette dernière le regardait avec un sourire sincère, montrant qu'elle voulait vraiment l'aider. Le mâle lui répondit par un sourire amical. « Merci, mais une autrefois. » Roland se leva et s'étira. « Vous devriez aller vous coucher m'dame. Comme vous l'avez dit à vos enfants, demain nous avons encore beaucoup de route à faire. » Mme Brisby fit un oui de la tête et se leva à son tour. Suivie de Roland, elle descendit de la racine et entra dans la vieille souche. La mère s'allongea au près de ses enfants. Quant à la souris mâle, il s'installa contre la charrette à l'opposé de Gustave. Il tenait fermement son bâton à l'horizontale, prêt à s'en servir si nécessaire. Avant de s'endormir, Roland s'adressa une dernière fois à la femelle. « Mme Brisby ? » « Oui ? » « Vous avez une voix magnifique. » Conclue-t-il avec un sourire avant de fermer les yeux une bonne fois pour toute. Ce n'était pas une moquerie. Roland avait l'air vraiment sincère en disant cela. Mme Brisby ne sut pas comment réagir face à cette déclaration. Elle fut d'abord surprise que Roland ait pris la peine d'écouter sa berceuse. Puis elle rougit un peu. Car après tout, cela faisait longtemps qu'un mâle ne lui avait pas fait un compliment de la sorte. Quand Mme Brisby sentit une main se poser sur son épaule, elle se réveilla et vit le visage de Roland Forge. « Désolé de vous réveiller m'dame, mais il est temps de partir. » Encore à moitié endormie, elle hocha la tête et se leva. La maman poussa un bâillement et se tourna vers ses enfants afin de les réveiller à leur tour. Roland la laissa et alla rejoindre Gustave qui se trouvait avec la charrette à l'entrée de la souche. La souris mâle remarqua que son collègue regardait le ciel d'un air inquiet. Roland regarda à son tour et vu que le ciel était entièrement recouvert de gros nuage noir. « On risque d'avoir la pluie et une grosse. » Commenta le rat. « Cela pourrait nous retarder. A moins qu'entre-temps, le vent se lève et chasse les nuages. » Ajouta Roland. Mme Brisby les rejoignit avec ses enfants encore à moitié endormis. Ses derniers montèrent immédiatement dans la charrette. La souris femelle remarqua elle aussi les nuages et commença à s'inquiéter. Remarquant l'inquiétude de Mme Brisby, le rat tenta de la rassurer. « Nous vous en faîtes pas madame. Comme je vous l'ai déjà dit, Roland et moi sommes des professionnels. Tout se passera bien. » Gustave, supposant que son ami aller faire la même blague qu'hier matin, préféra le devancer. « Roland la ferme ! » « J'ai rien dit. » « Justement. » Ce court échange aura eu pour mérite de faire rire Mme Brisby et d'un peu la rassurer par la même occasion. Le groupe se remit alors en route. Malheureusement, le vent ne se leva pas et les nuages noirs étaient toujours là, menaçant de déclencher une averse à tout moment. Par précaution, Gustave avait étendu une grande couverture sur la charrette afin de protéger les provisions, le reste du matériel ainsi que les enfants. Alors que la mâtinée touchait à sa fin, ce que redoutait le plus le groupe fini par arriver. Une forte pluie commença à tomber, le groupe dû pressait le pas. Mais le sol devenant rapidement boueux, il était difficile de se déplacer. « Bon sangs de bois, il faut vite trouver un abri. » Cria Gustave qui avait de plus en plus de mal à tirer sa charrette. C'est au bout de quelques minutes de course que Mme Brisby repéra une petite grotte. « Là bas ! » Cria t-elle en montrant la grotte Le groupe couru rapidement dans sa direction et y entra. C'était une grotte pas très profonde et vu sa petite taille, seule des rongeurs pouvaient y pénétrer. Mais il y avait largement assez de place pour s'y installer le temps que la pluie cesse. Une fois à l'abri, Gustave fouilla dans la charrette et tendit des serviettes à ses compagnons puis se dirigea à l'entrée de la caverne. Mme Brisby alla voir ses enfants. Bien qu'ils aient été protégés par la couverture que le rat avait installé, elle voulait tout de même s'assurait qu'ils allaient tous bien. « Maudite pluie. » Grogna le rat. « En espérant qu'elle ne rende pas le chemin Blanc infranchissable d'une manière ou d'une autre. » « C'est une possibilité que nous devons hélas envisager. » dit Roland. « Le chemin Blanc ? » Demanda la souris femelle. « Voyiez-vous madame, il existe plusieurs chemins pour se rendre à la vallée de Thorn. » Commença Gustave. « Le chemin Blanc, qui est tout proche d'ici, est non seulement le plus cours mais aussi le moins dangereux. C'est pour ça qu'on le surnomme ainsi. » « Et je pense que vous l'avez compris, pour ce qui est des autres chemins c'est pas la joie. Il se peut qu'on soit contraint de passer par l'un d'eux. » « Allons, allons il faut restait optimiste. » Dit Gustave en voulant se montrer rassurant. « Dans ce cas là c'est difficile. » Fit Roland en croisant les bras. Mme Brisby tout comme Gustave, décida de rester optimiste. Mais elle réfléchissait aussi à ce qu'elle fera si jamais le chemin Blanc se révèle être infranchissable. Allez-t-elle abandonner là et finalement rentrer chez elle avec ses enfants? Où allez t'elle courir le risque de passer par un chemin moins sûr? Il était inutile de demander l'opinion de ses enfants. Car ils se sentaient prêts à affronter tous les dangers que contenait la Terre pour se rendre à la vallée de Thorn. Mme Brisby décida d'attendre de voir dans quel état sera le chemin Blanc pour prendre une décision définitive. C'est en début d'après-midi que la pluie cessa enfin. Aussitôt, le groupe se remit en route. La route étant toujours boueuse, Gustave avait encore de mal à tirer la charrette. Roland la poussait depuis l'arrière afin de l'aidait. Quand ils arrivèrent enfin devant le chemin Blanc, le rat lâcha une insulte. La pluie avait provoqué un éboulement de pierres. Impossible de passer par ce chemin. Enlever les pierres une par une prendrait des semaines. « Désolé pour le langage. » Dit Gustave en se tournant vers Mme Brisby qui était un peu en colère que le rat ait sorti un tel mot devant ses enfants. « Je vois que nous n'avons pas le choix. » « Un instant Gustave. » Fit Roland. « Mme Brisby vos enfants font ce voyage avec nous et il risque de devenir beaucoup plus périlleux. On vous laisse le choix. Continuer le voyage ou rentrer chez vous. » « Aller maman on continue. » Fit Timothy. « Nous n'avons pas peur. » Ajouta Martin. « Ce sont des professionnels. » Dit Cynthia. La maman ne fut pas surprise par la réaction de ses enfants. Elle était partagée et ne savait pas quelle décision prendre. Mme Brisby regarda alors attentivement ses deux compagnons. Ils semblaient plus embêtés qu'effrayer de passer par un autre chemin. Roland et Gustave étaient là pour les guider elle et sa famille mais aussi pour les protéger. Si Justin a choisi ces deux là pour cette mission, c'est qu'ils étaient entièrement aptes à la remplir. « Mr Forge, Gustave. Est-ce que vous pouvez m'assurer que mes enfants arriveront saines et sauves à la vallée de Thorn ? » Roland s'avança et regarda Mme Brisby dans yeux avec une expression déterminée et rassurante à la fois. « M'dame je vous promets que toutes les personnes ici présentes arriveront saines et sauves et en un seul morceau à la vallée de Thorn. » « Car après tout nous sommes des profe... » « Gustave la ferme. » Coupa violemment la souris mâle. « Mme Brisby votre décision ? » Elle tourna la tête vers ses enfants qui la regardaient avec des yeux qui la suppliaient de continuer le voyage. Elle prit une grande inspiration et se tourna à nouveau vers Roland. « Je vous fais confiance. » Lâcha-t-elle d'un coup. « On continue. » Les enfants poussèrent une immense \"ouf\" suite à la décision de leur mère. Gustave annonça qu'il fallait se remettre en route tout de suite mais Roland lui demanda d'attendre encore une petite minute. La souris mâle fouilla dans la charrette et en sorti un baudrier en cuir dans lequel était suspendu un fourreau avec une épée courte. Il le tendit à Mme Brisby. La souris femelle le regarda complètement surprise. « Pourquoi faire ? » Demanda t-elle en prenant l'équipement que Roland lui tendait. « On ne sait jamais. » Répondit simplement Roland. « C'est que je ne sais pas comment on manie ce genre de chose. » Ajouta la maman en désignant l'épée. « Je vous apprendrais. » Conclu la souris mâle. Mme Brisby hocha la tête peu convaincue. Le baudrier se portait en écharpe, il passait sur l'épaule droite, et l'épée était suspendue sur le flanc gauche. Pour la première fois de sa vie, Mme Brisby était armée et elle ne sut comment réagir face à cette situation. Martin regarda sa mère avec des yeux envieux. « Mr Forge je peux avoir une épée moi aussi ? » « Désolé gamin, je tiens pas à ce que tu décapites ton frère par accident. » Alors que Martin était en train de bouder, le groupe se remit en route en direction d'un autre chemin. Au bout d'une seule heure de marche, Gustave annonça qu'ils entraient dans un territoire dit hostile. Maintenant il était impossible de reculer. Mme Brisby en était convaincue, le reste du voyage ne serait pas facile. « Surtout, ouvrez l'œil et le bon. » Annonça Gustave d'un air est sérieux.[Chapter 3] Note de l'auteur: Et voila le chapitre 3. Au moment au j'écris ces mots, j'ai récemment trouvé du boulot. Ce qui fait que l'écriture avance très lentement. Une fois de plus, merci à mon ami Aerihus pour la correction. Il a d'ailleurs réécrit l'un des paragraphe car celui base était plutôt... irréaliste. Bien qu'ils se soient arrêtés pour faire une pause, cela ne les empêchaient pas de rester vigilant, regardant attentivement tout autour d'eux afin de vite réagir si un danger se montre. Enfin pour être plus exacte, c'était uniquement le cas de Gustave. Les enfants, assis sur le sol étaient plutôt attirés par un spectacle pour le moins surprenant. Leur mère se tenait debout, un bout de bois dans les mains. En face d'elle, Roland tenant son bâton dans les deux mains, était dans une position de combat. « Vous êtes prêtes ? » Demanda-t-il à Mme Brisby. « Mr Forge je ne suis pas sur se soit une bonne idée. » Répondit elle, apeurée à l'idée d'apprendre à manier une épée. « M'dame j'espère de tout mon cœur que vous n'aurez jamais l'occasion de sortir une épée de son fourreau. Mais si ce jour arrive, vous serez prête. Allez, attaquez-moi. Je ne vous ferai pas mal. » « Hum... Très bien. » Dit la maman en avalant sa salive. Mme Brisby s'avança vers Roland d'un pas hésitant, leva son bâton en le tenant des deux mains et l'abaissa le plus rapidement qu'elle pouvait afin de donner un coup à son professeur de fortune. Ce dernier para très facilement l'attaque de la souris femelle. « Alors euh... Qu'est-ce que vous en dites ? » demanda-t-elle avec un sourire naïf sur le visage. « Qu'ont à beaucoup de travail. Allez, attaquez encore. » « Vous... vous êtes sur ? » « Oui attaquez. » À plusieurs reprises Mme Brisby répéta son action et chaque fois, Roland lui disait de recommencer. Bien que le mâle lui donner des conseils afin qu'elle s'améliore, la femelle ne semblait pas convaincu par l'intérêt de cette leçon. Elle ne se voyait pas à l'avenir utiliser une épée. Malgré ça, elle continua afin de faire plaisir à son guide. « Honnêtement Mr Forge je ne vois pas l'intérêt à ce que j'apprenne à manier une épée. » Dit-elle en espérant convaincre Roland que cela ne mènerait à rien. « Quand il s'agit de défendre ce qu'on aime, le courage seul ne suffit pas. Il faut aussi savoir se battre. » Lui dit Roland en prenant un air sérieux. « Si vous ne savez pas vous battre, vous ne servez à rien. Aller on recommence. » Mme Brisby soupira et se remit au travail. Ses enfants la regardaient toujours, curieux voir même un peu amusés de voir leur mère dans cette étrange situation. Seul Martin faisait la tête. « C'est pas juste. » Fit Martin. « Moi aussi je veux apprendre à manier l'épée. » « Je ne suis pas sûr que maman soit d'accord. » Lui répondit sa grande sœur. « Et pourquoi ? J'ai 12 ans maintenant. » Protestât Martin. « Je suis assez grand pour ça. T'es pas d'accord Timothy ? » « Tu sais Martin, les épées tout ça... Ce n'est pas trop mon truc. » « Allez fait pas ta chiffe molle. Tu es un Brisby ou pas ? » « Mon truc c'est plutôt le lance-pierre. » Ajouta son petit frère. « Moi ça me plairait vraiment d'apprendre à manier une épée. » Dit Cynthia. Ils se regardèrent tous surpris leur petite sœur de 7 ans. « Quoi ? Ça a l'air cool. » « Héhé t'es pas ma petite sœur pour rien toi. » Dit fièrement Martin en prenant Cynthia dans ses bras. Mme Brisby et Roland continuaient toujours l'entrainement. La souris femelle en voulant aller trop vite, s'emmêla les pattes et trébucha. Voyant cela, Roland lâcha son bâton et attrapa la mère de justesse. Il l'aida à se relever. « Ça va ? » « Oui merci. » Répondit Mme Brisby un peu gênée par la situation. « Il faut toujours faire attention à son jeu de jambes. » Conseilla Roland. « On va échanger les rôles. Moi j'attaque et vous vous défendez. » « D'accord. » Répondit la femelle toujours effrayée. Un peu tremblante, elle se remit en position. « Tout ca va mal finir. » pensa t'elle. « Bien, c'est parti. » Pour commencer Roland lança un coup plutôt lent ce qui fait que Mme Brisby le para sans grande difficulté. « Garder toujours un œil sur votre adversaire. Ne le laissez surtout pas entrer dans votre zone de confort. » Au fur et à mesure, les coups de Roland étaient de plus en plus rapides. Tout en continuant à attaquer, la souris mâle s'avança et la femelle recula tout en continuant de parer. Malgré l'augmentation de la vitesse, Mme Brisby parvenait tant bien que mal à contrer chaque coup. « Montrez-vous plus malin que votre adversaire. Ne perdait jamais votre sang-froid. Attendez le bon moment pour frapper. Bref servez-vous de votre tête en priorité. » Roland leva son bâton vers le haut à l'horizontale et l'abaissa avec une grande rapidité. Voyant l'attaque arriver, Mme Brisby recula instinctivement d'un pas et para le coup en poussant son bâton vers l'extérieur, loin devant son museau. Le coup de Roland glissa le long du bâton de Brisby, déviant la force de la frappe loin du corps de la femelle. Surpris par le mouvement, Roland fut emporté par sa propre force et trébucha en avant sous les yeux de Mme. Brisby, faisant presque une roulade avant de finir étalé sur le sol, à la surprise générale. « Juste ciel Mr Forge vous allez bien ? » Cria Mme Brisby en se précipitant vers lui. Toujours allongé sur le dos, Roland regarda un peu surpris la femelle inquiète. « Je crois que vous avez un don pour ça. » Annonça-t-il avec un sourire. Puis il se releva et se frotta le dos. « Je vais bien. » Dit Roland face au regard inquiet de Mme Brisby. « On va s'arrêter là pour aujourd'hui. » Soudain en regardant vers le haut, Roland se figea. Il semblait avoir repéré quelque chose. « Allez-vous mettre à l'abri sous la charrette, vite. » Chuchota-t-il en Mme Brisby sans détourner le regard. La mère remarqua que Gustave regardait dans la même direction. Quand le rat s'empara de sa masse d'arme, elle comprit qu'il y avait un danger. Elle se retourna et vit perché sur une branche d'un arbre un faucon regardant le groupe avec des yeux envieux. Aussitôt elle se précipita et ordonna à ses enfants de la suivre. Au même moment, le faucon décolla et fonça dans leurs directions. La famille Brisby courra aussi vite qu'elle pouvait. Alors que l'oiseau était sur le point de les attraper, ils se jetèrent de justesse au sol et rampèrent rapidement sous la charrette. Toute la famille était en sécurité. Mais le faucon n'avait pas dit son dernier mot. L'oiseau posa ses serres sur la charrette et se mit à battre des ailes afin de la soulever. Terrifiés, les membres de la famille Brisby se serraient les uns contre les autres. Gustave qui était le plus proche accouru et frappa la patte du faucon avec son arme. Le rapace glatit de douleur et lâcha prise. Une fois à nouveau dans le ciel, il repéra Roland armé de son bâton l'attendant de pied ferme. Le faucon fonça en direction de la souris mâle. Roland se tenait prêt. Mais une fois arrivé devant le mâle, l'oiseau se mit à faire du sur place en battant rapidement des ailes. Cela provoqua un puissant court en d'air qui fit perdre l'équilibre à Roland. Voyant son potentiel déjeuner au sol, le faucon en profita et attrapa la souris par son bras gauche. Roland commença à se débattre avec force. Il fallait absolument que le faucon le lâche alors qu'il était encore à quelques centimètres du sol. Voyant son ami en difficulté, le rat ramassa un caillou et le lança dans la direction de l'oiseau. Ce dernier surpris de se prendre un caillou en pleine tête lâcha Roland. Dans la chute, la souris mâle se blessa le bras gauche à cause d'une des griffes du rapace. Mme Brisby vit avec horreur le faucon s'envoler dans le ciel, faire demi-tour et foncer les serres grandes ouvertes en direction de Roland qui était blessé et désarmé. Il fallait que quelqu'un pousse la souris mâle afin de lui sauver la vie. Gustave ne serait pas assez rapide. Mme Brisby n'hésita pas une seule seconde, elle sortit de sous la charrette et se mit à courir. « Maman revient ! » Hurlèrent ses enfants. « Mme Brisby NON. » Cria le rat après avoir vu la femelle passer à coté de lui. Attendant les cris, Roland tourna la tête et vu la femelle courir à toute vitesse dans sa direction. Alors que le faucon était sur le point d'attraper le mâle, Mme Brisby sauta et poussa Roland de toutes ses forces. Les deux firent un petit vol plané sur quelques centimètres. Roland se retrouva à nouveau sur le dos. Un peu sonné, il vit Mme Brisby allongée contre son ventre recroquevillée et tremblante. Pour ce qui est du rapace, Gustave n'attendit pas qu'il fasse à nouveau demi-tour et lança sa masse d'arme. L'oiseau se la prit en plein dans le crâne. Le faucon s'éloigna et s'effondra au sol un peu plus loin. « Et ne reviens pas sale emplumé. » Hurla le rat. Attendent cela, Mme Brisby comprit qu'il n'y avait plus de danger. Alors qu'elle commença à se relever ses yeux croisèrent le regard surpris de Roland. Le fait qu'ils étaient tous les deux l'un sur l'autre, gêna énormément la femelle qui s'empressa de se mettre debout. Roland se contenta de se mettre en position assise. « Vous êtes devenu folle ou quoi ? » Dit Roland en s'énervant. « Vous auriez pu mourir. Vous avez pensé à vos enfants ? Qui vous à dit de me sauver la vie ? » Soudain Roland s'arrêta de parler, ses yeux s'écarquillant, la colère disparaissant de son visage. On avait l'impression qu'il se rappelait de quelque chose. « Vous m'avez sauvé la vie. » Dit calmement la souris mâle dans un souffle. « Euh... Oui. » Répondit simplement la femelle gênée. « Euh... J'ai vu des bandages dans la charrette, je vais les chercher pour votre blessure. » La maman se dirigea vers la charrette. Roland ne la quitta pas des yeux, la regardant d'un air émerveillé. Gustave accourut vers son ami. « Roland ça va ? » Demanda le rat inquiet. Roland ne répondit pas. Il ne semblait pas remarquer la présence de son collègue, toujours occupé en observant la femelle avec des étoiles dans les yeux. « Hého Roland t'es avec moi ? » Ajouta Gustave en claquant des doigts devant les yeux de la souris. « Elle m'a sauvé la vie. » « J'ai vu. » Répondi le rat. « Elle n'a pas hésité une seule seconde. » « Je sais Roland j'ai vue. Mais toi ça va ? » « Oui oui, juste une égratignure. » Roland vit Mme Brisby revenir avec les bandages dans les mains. « Quelle femme. » Chuchota-il. « Comment ? » Fit le rat. « Rien. » Mme Brisby se baissa et commença à recouvrir la blessure avec l'aide des bandages. Concentrée sur ce qu'elle faisait, elle ne vit pas que la souris mâle la regardait avec admiration et tendresse. Gustave observa l'expression de son ami avec beaucoup de questionnement. Il avait beau connaitre Roland depuis 2 ans, c'était la toute première fois qu'il le voyait faire une tête pareille. À quoi pensait-il ? Remarquant que le rat le regardait, la souris mâle détourna le regard, et prit une expression faussement agacée. « J'ai fini. » Dit Mme Brisby en resserrant le bandage. « Vous allez bien ? » « Oui. » Répondit Roland en se relevant. « Grâce à vous, merci. » « Ce n'est rien. Vous auriez fait pareil pour moi .» « Sans la moindre hésitation. » Mme Brisby lui sourit et partit voir ses enfants. Roland la regarda de nouveau, un sourire béat sur le visage. Puis il remarqua que Gustave, les bras croisés, le dévisagea avec beaucoup d'interrogation. « Quoi ? » fit froidement Roland. « Non non rien. » Répondit le rat. « Tu sais moi je t'ai sauvé la vie plein de fois et tu m'as jamais dit merci. » « Ouais ! » Fut la seule réponse de Roland qui se mit de nouveau à observer Mme Brisby reprenant un sourire niais. Gustave se posa plusieurs questions sur le comportement étrange que son ami. Mais il remit son questionnement à plus tard, car il était temps de continuer le voyage. « Bon il faut qu'on se remette en route. » Annonça-t-il au groupe. Le reste de la journée avait été très calme. Une fois la nuit tombée, le groupe s'installa derrière un gros rocher. Ils allumèrent un feu. Comme à son habitude, Roland se tenait à l'écart pour monter la garde. Alors qu'ils étaient en train de manger, Gustave eut l'idée de raconter une de ses précédentes aventures avec Roland. En résumé, l'histoire racontait comment les deux compères s'étaient retrouvés confronter à des chats sauvages alors qu'ils récoltaient des provisions. Les enfants écoutèrent attentivement n'hésitant pas à poser des questions dont le rat se faisait un plaisir d'y répondre. Voyant que ses enfants étaient captivés par l'histoire, Mme Brisby se dit qu'elle pouvait essayer de discuter à nouveau avec Roland. Elle alla donc le rejoindre. La souris mâle était occupée à regarder le ciel étoilé. La femelle fit de même. « C'est magnifique n'est pas ? » Dit Mme Brisby afin d'ouvrir la conversation. Roland tourna la tête vers la femelle qui regardait toujours le ciel. Quand ses yeux se posèrent sur le visage de la mère, sans qu'il parvienne à dire pourquoi, Roland fut envahi par le bonheur. « Ouais m'dame, magnifique. » Répondit-il émerveillé. Puis il détourna le regard. Cela recommençait. Depuis que la femelle lui avait sauvé la vie, à chaque fois qu'il posait accidentellement ou volontairement son regard sur elle, il était heureux. « Bon sang mais pourquoi à chaque fois que je regarde cette bonne femme je suis content ? » Pensa-t-il. Il n'eut par le temps d'y réfléchir que Mme Brisby le sorti de ses pensées. « Avec Jonathan on avait l'habitude de regarder le ciel la nuit. » Dis la femelle en replongeant dans ses souvenirs. « Et vous et votre... » Mme Brisby s'arrêta net se souvenant qu'il s'agissait d'un sujet sensible pour le mâle. Mais ce dernier de s'énerva pas. « Martha. » Dit-il. « Elle s'appelait Martha. » Mme Brisby fut extrêmement surprise par la réaction du mâle. Était-il enfin prêt à parler de sa défunte épouse ? Elle ressentait le besoin de lui poser des questions mais elle se dit qu'elle valait mieux le laisser parler. « Elle était la femelle la plus courageuse que je n'ai jamais rencontrée. » Continua tristement Roland. « C'était aussi une véritable guerrière, c'est elle qui m'a tout apprit. Elle avait aussi un sacré caractère. » Le mâle regarda à nouveau Mme Brisby. « Comment avez vous fait ? » « Quoi donc ? » « Pour faire définitivement votre deuil ? » « Je ne vais pas vous mentir. » Commença-t-elle. « Au début cela a été très dur pour moi de me retrouver seule. Mais j'ai pris sur moi et je me suis souvenue d'un conseil que m'avait un jour donné Jonathan. Un conseil que je lui avais promis de respecter \"Si un jour il m'arrivait quelque chose de grave et que tu te retrouvais seule avec les enfants. Surtout ne désespère pas. Soit heureuse, et cela peu importe ce que tu devras faire pour l'être.\" » Roland se rappela que Martha lui avait donné un conseil semblable. Sauf que les mots qu'elle avait choisis avaient été légèrement différents. \"Écoute-moi bien mon coco, si jamais je meurs avant toi, ta pas intérêt à te morfondre jusqu'à la fin de tes jours. Sois heureux. Sinon je te jure que je viendrais de l'au-delà pour te botter les fesses.\" Le mâle ne pût s'empêcher de pousser un petit rire en repensant à cette anecdote. « Je m'en souviendrai. » Dit Roland en souriant. Les deux souris l'ignoraient mais ils étaient observés. Caché dans la pénombre, accroché à un arbre, une chauve-souris espionnait le groupe. L'espion afficha un sourire, il les avait enfin trouvé. Discrètement, il s'envola. Après avoir volé pendant une trentaine de minutes, il se posa sur le sol à coté d'un petit feu. Ici se trouvait assis sur une pierre, un étrange individu portant une toge noire. La capuche sur la tête, il était impossible de voir son visage. « Je les ai trouvé. » Annonça la chauve-souris en s'inclinant. « Voulez-vous que je m'occupe d'eux ?» « Non Henry. » Répondit calmement l'individu avec une voix caverneuse. « Laissons les arriver à la vallée de Thorn ensuite de nous chargerons d'eux. Il serait dommage que les rats n'assistent pas au spectacle. » « Comme vous voudrez. » Répondit Henry. L'individu encapuchonné sortis un poignard de sous sa toge. Il se mit à admirer l'arme tout en caressant doucement et sensuellement la lame. « Quel dommage que tu ne sois plus de ce monde Jonathan. » Dit-il en ricanant. « J'aurais tellement aimé que tu sois présent quand je me ferais un plaisir de massacrer ta charmante petite famille. » ","Summary":" Note de l'auteur: Bonjour à vous chers lecteurs. Je suis fier de vous présenter ma fan fiction. Ava"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"The gaslight killer","Author":"antipodkayne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5256238","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First chapter: Terror by night London, 1890 The room was small but gorgeously dressed, with the ruby-red, rose-patterned wall-paper and pictures of gaslit misty streets. Fat woman laid on the bed, wrapped with lovely satin of the morning-gown and reading a newspaper. Fluffy black cat played with her long hair. THE GASLIGHT KILLER MURDERED A MUSIC HALL WORKER \"You and your filthy perversions,\" the woman said. \"Good that you are dead. Too bad the killer didn´t drown you into the sewers where you belong.\" She threw the newspaper to the floor and took a glass from the desk. Light knock in the door stopped her drinking. \"Come in.\" A red-haired woman in the red walking-gown came to the room. \"I am going to the hall now, Marianne. Still celebrating the scum´s death?\" \"Of course! But this is just lemonade. Alice...\" \"Yes?\" Marianne emptied her glass. \"Just be careful. London streets at night... There can be another Stephen Clarke.\" \"Of course.\" Alice knew Marianne meant it. \"I´ll be careful.\" Neither of the girls noticed the face outside the window. ","Summary":" First chapter: Terror by night London, 1890 The room was small but gorgeously dressed, with the rub"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Wundervolle Neuigkeiten","Author":"wassernymphe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10142556","Passage":"[Chapter 1] „Ich habe wundervolle Neuigkeiten\", sagt sie. „Sag's mir\", fordere ich. „Du müsstest das eigentlich erraten können\" Eine kleine Idee habe ich schon... „Bei dir möchte ich es nicht erraten\" „Dr. Marbury sagt, dass...\" Sie kaut ein wenig auf ihrer Unterlippe. „Dr. Marbury sagt?\", frage ich. Meine Vermutung scheint richtig zu sein. „Dr. Marbury sagt, dass ich ein Kind von dir erwarte\" Ich strahle über beide Ohren, bin einfach nur überglücklich. Ich beuge mich noch weiter zu ihr runter. Meine Gesichtszüge entspannen sich wieder, als ich in ihre wunderschönen Augen blicke. Dann drücke ich sanft meinen Mund auf ihren. Sie schlingt ihre Arme um mich. Plötzlich schrecke ich hoch. Beinahe ist mir das Glas aus der Hand gefallen. Immer ist es die selbe Version. Immer sehe ich sie unter mir auf unserem Bett liegen. Immer sagt sie das selbe. Immer tut es wieder weh aufzuwachen. Wieso kann ich im Bezug auf sie nie eine glücklichere Erinnerung sehen? Natürlich, dieser Moment war damals der wohl schönste meines Lebens. Doch nun bedeutet er einfach nur endlosen Schmerz für mich. Das war der eigentliche Grund, es überhaupt erst mit Opium zu versuchen. Ich hatte schon öfter von solchen Visionen gehört, wusste, dass es gefährlich war. Doch ich wollte sie wieder sehen, um jeden Preis. Und nun habe ich immer die selbe Vision. Immer aufs Neue dieser Schmerz in meinem Herzen. Doch trotzdem ist es auch eine schöne Vision. Denn ich kann sie so wieder sehen. Ein leises Lächeln schleicht sich auf mein Gesicht, als ich daran zurückdenke, wie es damals weiter ging. Lange Zeit küssen wir uns nur. Unsere Zungen tanzen zusammen umher. Oh, wie gut sie schmeckt. Am liebsten würde ich gar nicht mehr aufhören sie zu küssen. Ich lege meine Hand auf ihren Bauch. Ein Baby, wir bekommen ein Baby! Ich spüre sie lächeln. Langsam zieht sie mir das Hemd aus meiner Hose. Ihre Finger wandern darunter, auf meinen Rücken. Mein Mund wandert etwas tiefer, küsst ihren weichen schließt die Augen, streckt sich mir, wohl eher unbewusst, entgegen. Sanft graben sich meine Zähne in ihre zarte Haut. „Fred\", seufzt sie leise. Wie sehr ich ihre Stimme liebe. Wie sehr ich es liebe, sie meinen Namen sagen zu hören. So oft hab ich sie ihn nun schon sagen hören. Wohl auch schon in jeder möglichen Tonlage. Mein Verlangen nach ihr steigt ins Unermessliche. Trotzdem beherrsche ich mich und lasse mir Zeit für sie. Eine ihrer Hände kommt wieder zum Vorschein. Sie streicht über meine Seite, meinen Bauch, bis zu – Oooh ja... Mein Atem kitzelt sie, als ich leise seufze. Sanft berührt meine Hand die ebene Haut ihres Bauches. Und somit auch unser Kind. Sie drängt sich unmissverständlich näher an mich. Ich weiß, mein Liebling, ich will dich doch genauso. Hab noch ein wenig Geduld. Langsam schiebe ich den weißen Stoff ein Stück nach oben, streichle ihren Bauch, während ich noch immer ihren Hals küsse. Sie seufzt wieder, doch diesmal lauter. Erneut wandern meine Lippen tiefer, bis ihnen der Weg versperrt wird. Schon werfe ich ihr Oberteil auf den Boden und den BH gleich hinterher. Nun habe ich zwei pralle Brüste vor mir, deren Nippel sich mir erregt entgegenstrecken. Wie könnte ich da nur widerstehen? Das geht ganz einfach nicht. Ein letzter Kuss auf ihren Hals, dann widme ich mich diesen verführerischen Melonen. Genussvoll schließt sie die Augen und stöhnt leise als ich zärtlich in ihre rechte Brustwarze beiße, während meine Finger die linke ebenso reizen. Obwohl ich weiß, dass sie es kaum noch aushält, setze ich meine kleine Folteraktion fort. Doch dann will ich doch wieder ihre Lippen kosten. Begierig brennen ihre auf den meinen. Mit geübten Händen öffnet sie mein Hemd, löst sich von mir und betrachtet meine Brust. Sanft streichen ihre Finger darüber. Eine ganze Weile sieht sie mich nur liebevoll an, doch schließlich küsse ich sie zärtlich. Ich liege mit geschlossenen Augen neben ihr, als sie zärtlich über meine Wange streicht. „Freust du dich?\", fragt sie mit sanfter Stimme. Ich lächle, meine Augen noch immer geschlossen. „Ja\", antworte ich leise. „Ja...Ich glaube ich war noch nie zuvor so glücklich...\" Nun ruht ihre Hand auf meiner Brust. „Junge oder Mädchen?\", frage ich nach einer kurzen Pause. „An sich ein Mädchen\", sagt sie und kuschelt sich an mich. „...Aber nicht hier in Whitechaple\" Ich nicke verständnisvoll. „Was ist mit dir?\", fragt sie mich. „Hauptsache gesund\", antworte ich knapp. „Du wirst sicherlich ein toller Vater...\" Höre ich noch, bevor ich einschlafe. Ich sehe es genau vor mir, auch ohne Absinth. Der kleine Edward, so wollte sie ihn nennen, sitzt auf meinem Schoß. Leise rede ich mit ihm. Meine Wunderschöne Frau kommt herein, nimmt ihn hoch und trocknet ihn ab. Flüchtig ihr Kuss auf meine Lippen, dann verschwinden die Beiden ins Wohnzimmer. Wieder angezogen folge ich ihnen. Sie sitzen auf der Couch. Ich setze mich neben sie und rubble meine Haare ab. Dabei landen einige Tropfen auf Edward; er kichert. Ich stelle den kleinen auf meine Schenkel, sodass wir beinahe auf Augenhöhe sind. Vorsichtig streiche ich die Tropfen von seinem Gesicht. Er greift nach meiner Hand um nicht das Gleichgewicht zu verlieren. Sie drückt mir einen Kuss auf die Wange, lehnt sich an mich. „Ich wusste doch, dass du ein guter Vater wärst\", wispert sie. Ich lächle, beobachte unseren Sohn. Er sieht mir ziemlich ähnlich. Später würden wir zusammen nach draußen gehen und durch den Park spazieren. In ein paar Jahren würde unser Sohn vielleicht ein Geschwisterchen bekommen und später die beste Bildung erhalten, für die ich aufkommen könnte. Er würde eines Tages selbst als Inspector Abberline tätig sein. Und er würde eine wunderschöne Frau ehelichen und sie lieben, wie ich seine Mutter liebe und auch immer lieben werde. Eines Tages würden sie uns mitteilen, dass sie ein Kind erwarten und wir würden viel Zeit mit unserem Enkelkind verbringen. Eine Träne entkommt meinem Auge, fällt zu Boden. Traurig streiche ich über ihr Bild. So schöne Zeiten. Und doch würde es nie wieder so sein. So wunderschöne Vorstellungen. Und doch würde es dazu nie kommen. Ich will endlich wieder bei ihnen sein. Ich will keinen Schmerz mehr spüren. Ich will nicht mehr damit leben müssen. Wie jede Woche lege ich die gut ein Dutzend Rosen an ihrem Grab nieder. Wieso musstet ihr mich so früh schon verlassen? Erneut Tränen. Diese wische ich jedoch sofort fort. Das muss niemand sehen. Ich setze mich ins nasse Gras, lehne mich an einen Baum gegenüber des Grabes und starre unentwegt darauf. Irgendwann stehe ich schließlich auf, ich habe meinen Entschluss gefasst. Tief atme ich den Rauch ein. Bald bin ich bei euch. Noch ein tiefer Zug. „´Dr. Marbury sagt, dass ich ein Kind von dir erwarte\" Lange Zeit küssen wir uns nur. „Fred\", wispert sie. Erschöpft lasse ich mich neben ihr ins Kissen fallen, mein Atem schnell. „Freust du dich?\" „Du wirst sicherlich ein toller Vater...\" Ich setze mich neben sie und rubble meine Haare ab. Dabei landen einige Tropfen auf Edward; er kichert. „Ich wusste doch, dass du ein guter Vater wärst\" Ich hoffe euch hat mein kleiner OS gefallen, vielleicht lässt ja auch der ein oder andere kein kurzes (gern auch ein längeres) Review da ;) Lg Wassernymphe ","Summary":" „Ich habe wundervolle Neuigkeiten\", sagt sie. „Sag's mir\", fordere ich. „Du müsstest das eigentli"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Hanbury Street","Author":"HorcruxesandHallows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6849105","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I never wanted to marry Lord Pembroke. I know that sounds extremely awful, but it's true. I never loved him - I didn't know him - and yet Father expected me to marry him and just be happy? I remembered the first time Father told me I was to marry Lord Pembroke, back in June. He told me that he was a wonderful, charming man from a wealthy family in Yorkshire. I tried my best to object but Father insisted, and when Father insists, it's final. He wasn't lying though - Lord Pembroke was charming. I remember the first time I met him on September 7th 1888, two days before our wedding. Mother nearly fainted when she spoke to him (she had to go in the other room with the smelling salts!) and he even managed to get a smile out of Father, which is never an easy task. He seemed like a very nice man - he spoke politely to Mother, Father and Grandfather, smiling and laughing in all the right places during the conversations; he held my seat for me at the dinner table; and he said 'Please' and 'Thank you' to the servants who served our meal - but he barely spoke to me except to say 'Hello' and 'Goodbye'. I would just glance his way to find him staring at me as if he was pitying me, like I was some poor lamb on her way to the slaughterhouse. Everyone loved Lord Pembroke. Mother and Father spent the whole evening, after he had retired to his chambers, talking about what a wonderful man he was. Grandfather was the only member of our household who was not completely taken by him. \"I don't like him,\" he slurred that evening, once everyone except him and I had gone to their chambers, a fresh glass of whisky in his hands. \"He has a shifty look about him, like he's hiding something. And so quiet... Never trust quiet man, Clara.\" \"You've drunk too much, Grandfather,\" I laughed. \"Drink?\" He hiccuped loudly. \"Yes, I could do with a refill couldn't I?\" I sighed and stood up to leave. \"Goodnight, Colonel Covington, Sir.\" \"Clara?\" His voice suddenly turned serious. \"Yes?\" \"Do not trust Lord Pembroke,\" he warned. \"I don't know what it is about him, but he's hiding something. Do not go anywhere with him alone. Do you understand me, Clara? You must not trust him.\" And with that, he fell into a deep, soundless sleep. When I awoke early the next morning, the room was thick with darkness. It was the morning of the practice wedding ceremony and my nerves were in disarray. I tossed and turned for at least an hour before I finally gave up on sleep and got out of bed. I decided I would go for a walk to clear my head - I needed time to think about Lord Pembroke, alone. I lit the candle on my dressing table and began brushing through my long, knotted hair. Grandfather says I got my blonde hair and my green eyes from Grandmother. He says I look just like her now, but I never got the chance to meet her - she died giving birth to Father. Sneaking out of the house was not as difficult as I imagined it would be. I managed to creep silently past father's room, down the stairs and out the front door without anyone knowing I had gone. Outside, morning had not yet broken. It was 5 o'clock, so the sun had not risen fully and it was difficult to see through the dark. Hanbury Street was as silent as the dead. The morning wind was cold but refreshing. It whipped at my hair and ruffled my dress. I pulled my cloak further around my shoulders and began my walk down Hanbury Street. I was almost at the end of the street when I heard a soft humming coming from somewhere down the street. Just a quiet humming... Then, all of a sudden, a loud grunt came from the alleyway beside number 29. My head snapped to the side to see where the noise had come from – and I couldn't help the gasp that escaped from my throat. There, in amidst the darkness, was a tall, slim figure dressed in a black cloak and black top hat. It took my eyes a moment to adjust in the dark and see what had been the reason for the man's grunt: he was kneeling over a body (female, judging by the mass of brown curls surrounding her head) and in his hand, he held some sort of organ, which was dripping with what I guessed was blood. The man's head lifted when he heard my gasp and he slowly rose to a stance. I could see he was tall and slim but I saw nothing of his face, which was hidden in the shadows of his hat. I should have run right then, but I couldn't. I was frozen, like a rabbit before a rifle – frozen with fear. I couldn't run, I couldn't scream, I couldn't even breathe. All I could think about was what he had done to that poor woman. And the blood... So much blood... He placed the organ in a sack that was slung across his shoulder and took a step towards me. They don't know I'm gone, I thought. Nobody knows where I am. They can't save me. He kept coming towards me. Closer and closer, one more menacing step after the other, until he was right in front of me. So unbearably close that I could feel his breath on my face. He smiled then, revealing a full set of dazzling white teeth, but he did not kill me like I thought he would. Instead, he just stared at me with his piercing blue eyes, like he almost felt sorry for me. As if he pitied me... My breathing suddenly came out in short, labored pants as I recognized though eyes. But it couldn't be... Tall and slim, with dazzling white teeth and piercing blue eyes... He saw the recognition in my eyes and snarled. But then, without any warning, he flew down the alleyway and out onto the street. I stood staring after him for a few moments, until I remembered what was lying behind me. She was young, my age most likely, and so beautiful, with her long, brown curls and porcelain skin, but what he had done to her – it was horrific. He had completely severed her throat with two deep wounds and her abdomen... So much blood. Blood everywhere - blood on the cobbles, blood on her throat, and blood on her dress, on my dress, on my hands. It was too much. I could feel the darkness trying to consume me and I did not fight it. There was no point. It washed over me with one quick, painless wave. The policemen came whilst I was asleep. I awoke to hear Father, Grandfather and another voice that I faintly recognized arguing with them in the drawing room directly below me. I couldn't quite work out what they were saying though, so I once again crept down the stairs and along the hallway, where I found Bridget, the scullery maid, crouched in front of the drawing room, holding a glass between her ear and the door. She jumped when she saw me and hung her head. I raised an eyebrow, but pressed a finger to my lips and held my hand out for the glass. \"What do you mean you haven't caught him yet?\" Father was yelling. \"My daughter is upstairs completely traumatized by this evenings events, and now you say this has happened before? What kind of policemen are you?\" \"Well, Doctor Covington, Sir,\" the policeman was stuttering, \"It's not that it's happened before, Sir, there are just some... similarities... Sir.\" \"Similarities?\" I heard Grandfather ask. \"How so?\" \"Well, this is the second murder of its kind in the Whitechapel district in the past year, Colonel Covington, Sir,\" the policeman said. \"Both were prostitutes, both had their throats cut and both received severe abdominal injuries.\" \"What kind of abdominal injuries?\" the familiar voice asked. \"The victim that Miss Covington found, a Miss Annie Chapman, had her uterus removed, Lord Pembroke, Sir.\" The glass slipped from my hand before I could stop it. The door could not hold me upright anymore and I fell to my knees hysterical. \"So much blood!\" I screamed. \"Blood on the cobbles, blood on her throat, blood on her dress, on my dress, on my hands!\" \"Clara?\" All the men had come from the drawing room and were now stood in the doorway. \"Blood on my hands!\" I sobbed. \"Blood on my hands! It won't wash off!\" I felt firm hands on my shoulders, shaking my limp body. I was unconscious before they could finish the first shake. I woke up hot and sweating. Bridget was dabbing gently at me forehead with a cold flannel – it was not helping. She smiled when I awoke and stroked my cheek with her hand. \"It's so good to see you awake, Miss,\" she whispered. I smiled back delicately. \"It's good to be awake.\" She stood from my bed and went to close the window. \"It's so cold.\" She shivered. \"The sky was a miserable grey before, Miss. Lord Pembroke says a storm's coming. He says it should be here by morning.\" \"What time is it, Bridget?\" I asked. \"11 o'clock. You've been sleeping for 13 hours, Miss.\" She suddenly came close to me and whispered in my ear. \"I know I said I'd tell your Father as soon as you woke up, Miss, but Lord Pembroke wants to see you. Says it's very urgent. Wants to go for a walk with you as soon as possible. He says he has something to tell you, Miss. Isn't that romantic? A moonlit walk… Should I get your cloak then?\" I nodded slowly. Grandfather's warning was ringing in my ears: 'Do not go anywhere with him alone,' he had said. But I had to go. I had to know the truth about Lord Pembroke. Lord Pembroke was as handsome as ever as he stood on the cobbles in front of our house. He smiled when he saw me, revealing a full set of dazzling white teeth. \"Clara, my dear, how are you?\" he asked cheerily. \"I was ever so worried about you.\" Tall and slim, with dazzling white teeth and piercing blue eyes... \"I've been better, thank you,\" I replied sourly. \"Well it is a shame about that, isn't it?\" \"'A shame?' That's all you can say? What you did...\" \"What do you want me to say, Clara?\" His blue eyes boar into mine. \"You don't understand. Those women died for the greater good! They were prostitutes - vile, disgusting creatures!\" I shook my head. \"You're a monster.\" Tall and slim, with dazzling white teeth and piercing blue eyes... \"Do not say that.\" His head was shaking now, back and forth, again and again. \"Do not say that!\" He began to quiver - his whole body shaking uncontrollably. I took a step back from him and he began to growl, going into to some king of mad frenzy. I did not need his warning to turn on my heels and flee. \"Run, little rabbit. Run!\" I heard him sing behind me. \"Run, run, RUN!\" And so I was running, faster than I thought was possible, like a rabbit from a fox. But it was not fast enough. I could hear him behind me - faster and faster, closer and closer. I could feel his fingers on the back of my dress as he tried, but failed, to grab a hold of me. I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck as I reached a dead-end down the alleyway besides number 29. I could see the unwashed blood as he grabbed a fistful of my hair, pulled back my head and forced me to kneel. \"I can't expect you to understand, Clara,\" he whispered in my ear as I fought hopelessly against his grasp. \"I thought you would but now I see that I was wrong. Those women deserved to die. I was merely doing God's work, Clara. Why can't you see that?\" \" God's work? \" I spat. \"Nobody has the right to choose between life or death! God would not want you to do this, Lord Pembroke. Please, I beg you to see sense.\" \"But it is God's work, Clara. Those women... they were vile and disgusting and so tempting... Does it not say in James, chapter 1, lines 14-15, 'But each one is tempted when, by his own evil desire, he is dragged away and enticed. Then, after desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and sin, when it is full-grown, gives birth to death?' Is that not what it says?\" \"Please, Lord Pembroke...\" I begged. Tears spilled from my eyes and dribbled down my face. \"The time for pleading is over, my dear. Grandmamma is waiting for you.\" He stroked a slender finger down my cheekbone and then covered my mouth with his hand. His other hand slipped into his jacket pocket and pulled out a long, sharp razor. He began to hum softly as he began his work. Blood on the cobbles, blood on my throat, blood on my dress, on his shirt, on his hands... ","Summary":" I never wanted to marry Lord Pembroke. I know that sounds extremely awful, but it's true. I never l"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"The Wife of Jack the Ripper","Author":"MissSkulduggeryPleasant","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7116593","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Wife of Jack the Ripper Cassandra looked out of the window out into Whitechapel. Below were a crowd of people screaming and crying, calling for help and the police. He had struck again. Jack the Ripper, of course. For the fifth time. Cassandra closely watched the police hurrying over to the house. Whistles were being blown to catch attention of the overwhelming crowd, so that calm would restored. But it wasn't working. Before the crowd and police had arrived, Cassandra had heard a cry. It was a cry of shock, disgust and horror. Cassandra had run to the window to see an old man hurrying to the clearing of the alleyway, shouting for the police. It had taken a few minutes for the man to finally get some attention and people had hurried to the scene of the crime. Cassandra hadn't focused much on the scene, she had been scanning the streets carefully looking for one person in particular. Richard. Or Jack the Ripper, as was the name she and Richard had spread throughout Whitechapel, throughout London and the country. She had looked for him but there was no sign of him, she knew that he was fast moving and agile. Cassandra knew he had only gone after Mary Kelly because she had taken their child from them. It was something that Richard could not allow. Mary had had her reasons for taking their child even though it wasn't fair. When Richard had found her lying on the bed in a fit of sobs, the answer was clear from the look in her eyes and the absence of their child. He had gone into a rage and went after her. The killing must have been brutal for the citizens of Whitechapel to suddenly go into such a panic. Cassandra soon saw him. He was hurrying through the streets, directing the police men to where the house was. As soon as they were gone, he continued his way to their home. Cassandra could see a small bundle of blankets in his arms and let a sob of joy and relief. She moved away from the window and hurried out of the room, down the staircase and towards the door. She saw Richard walking quickly over to their house. \"Thank God!\" she cried. She hurried over and looked down at their child. \"Is she all right?\" \"Cass, let's get inside first then look after her. Come on.\" he said, looking around. Cassandra nodded and they both hurried back in. Richard walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Cassandra drew the curtain back slightly, she could see more people hurrying over to the scene. She turned back to her husband. \"Did you kill her?\" she demanded. Richard looked up at her. \"Yes. Yes, I did.\" he said. Cassandra sighed and glared at him. Cassandra could remember the murders he had committed those months ago. The first killing had been Mary Ann she had been an easy victim as she was naïve. Soon she was lying on the ground, her throat and abdomen sliced open. Then Annie had gone and bad-mouthed Cassandra about her engagement to Richard, but before Richard could even think of the vendetta, Cassandra had told him no more killings but Richard had gone behind her back and had done the deed. Cassandra had left him throwing her ring away and telling him that they were finished. Elizabeth had been the third and Cassandra had found out that she had planned to get Richard for herself. But she had been interrupted and Richard had pulled her far away from the scene. Soon the two made up and had gotten married five days after. Then Catherine had been next and finally Mary Kelly had been utterly destroyed for stealing their child for something so petty. \"Give me Bethany,\" she said, holding out her arms. Richard looked at her. \"Pardon?\" \"You heard me. Give me Bethany. She's tired and she needs rest.\" Richard looked at her for a moment, hesitating. Finally, he gave her the small bundle and Cassandra took her upstairs, to her little room that was just next door to her and Richard's room, and placed her into the cot, that Mr Jackson had given her. She tucked her daughter in and placed the stuffed teddy beside her. She smiled down at the sleeping child and moved slowly and quickly away. She walked back down the stairs and headed into the living room to find Richard, standing and hold a glass of whiskey. \"Richard?\" He turned at the sound of her voice. She walked closer to him. She took hold of his whiskey glass and took a swig from it. She handed back to him and looked at him, dead on. \"Richard. When I first met you. I thought you would be the most caring and loving friend ever. I love you, Richard. I married you because I love you. I came back to you for the same damn thing. We took in that orphaned child from the cold and made it our own child. Don't even...\" Richard placed a finger against her lips, silencing her. \"Cassie, you don't think I know that. I did all those things because I love you too. I killed those women because they were our enemies, they did things to us to make us take action.\" Cassandra knew those things were true. Those women had ruined her life. They had all gone over the line by cutting them both out of their lives, treating her like shit, but Mark Kelly had crossed both lines by getting her mother abused by her brother and taking away their child. She watched as 'the Ripper' took a swig from his glass, while staring at her. \"She's as good as dead.\" said Cassandra, moving close to him. His arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her close to his body, giving her his warmth. \"Tell me, Mr Ripper. How did you kill her? And with what?\" Richard smiled at her seductive tone and licked his whiskey covered lips. \"Would you like full details or the short version?\" \"The full,\" she said. \"Tell me everything, Mr Ripper. How you cornered her, what you used to torture and kill her with and what you did to her filthy, disgusting body.\" Richard growled like a lion and tilted her head back, to reveal her gorgeous neck. With one swift movement, the tip of his rough tongue, licked upwards, making her shiver. \"I knew that Mrs Kelly would greet me like an old friend. So, she let me in to see the child but with her back turned. As she was washing up, I cornered her, shouting.\" his hands moved her head so that she could see the burning lust and hatred in his eyes. \"That she shouldn't have taken Bethany, I tried to stab her but the bitch kept dodging and blocking my aim. So, I pinned her down on to the bed and slashed her. With this.\" And he pulled out a long bladed, blood stained butcher's knife. Cassandra stared at it in awe and ran a slim finger over the edge of the blade. It cut her skin drawing, very little blood. Richard watched as the blood oozed out of the cut, it began to slowly trickle down her finger. He leaned in and licked away the blood, letting the taste linger in his mouth. The taste intoxicated him, making his senses heighten. \"This knife caused her skin to be hacked away. Her face was torn apart.\" he held up his left hand which was stained with blood. Cassandra couldn't believe that Richard had had them hands all over their child. \"Her blood was everywhere. It seeped onto her bed clothes and all over me. I had to wash up so it didn't make me look like a suspect. You should have heard her scream.\" Cassandra licked her lips, twirled her fingers around the handle of the knife and took it. \"Then what my dear?\" \"I cut open her stomach, her breasts were torn apart. That bitch will never feed our baby again, with her dirt filled milk from her poisonous breasts. I opened her up and her organs lay there. I took out every single organ I saw.\" He pulled out a blood stained handkerchief that was wrapped around something that looked like meat. \"I even broke her heart.\" Cassandra stared at the heart that was wrapped up. Richard threw it onto the table and looked at his wife. Cassandra let out a breath and leaped on her husband. She kissed him with such passion, such force that he stumbled a few feet and gripped her in his embrace. The kiss became more heated, more passionate. Cassandra twirled the knife in her hands and pulled back her arm that held it. Richard could see out of her corner of his eye the knife being drawn back and watched as the knife flew through the air. It spun wildly and hit the wall, half of the blade was sunk deep into the wall. Richard looked around and grinned at his wife's handy work. \"Impressive, my dear.\" Cassandra grinned down at him and kissed him again. Richard lifted her into his arms, her legs wrapping around his waist. But Cassandra wasn't having it. She broke the kiss and pulled herself free from his embrace. Richard could see the savage hunger in her eyes like his eyes always did when he planned out his killings. However the savage hunger that had been there tonight had increased and was now an inferno of pure loathing and revenge. Now it was complete, Mary Kelly was no more than a disfigured corpse, drained of her blood, her organs sliced, cut and torn from her body. The torso, an empty shell. Cassandra smiled at him. The smile wasn't cheery; nor was it happy or joyful. It was a devilish smile, one of pure mischief and sickening glee. She took a few steps back. Richard mirrored her movement but went forward. Cassandra let out a giggle and ran out of the room, but Richard had anticipated this and was hot on her trail. \"Come here, you!\" he called. They raced around their home. Sometimes, Richard managed to catch her but she would escape in a way that Richard wouldn't know. Soon, he was following her up the stairs and caught her halfway. She giggled and screamed hysterically and tried to break free of his grip but he wasn't letting her go. He put her down and spun her in his embrace. He smiled at her and the smile was returned by a beautiful one, she kissed him and tried to pull him up the stairs while her lips still lingered. But he slightly lost his footing and the two newly weds went crashing down onto the wooden stairs. Cassandra cried out in agony and hissed as the pain shot through her spine. \"Are you okay, my love?\" he asked, turning her over slightly. \"Yeah, just slight bumps and bruises but no matter. Ow!\" she yelped as Richard ran his fingers over the sore spot on her back. Suddenly, Bethany's sobs were heard. Richard looked towards the direction where the cries of their child were coming from. He looked down at his wife and muttered. \"That's you, making all that noise.\" Cassandra looked at him indigently and poked her tongue out at him. He raised himself onto his feet and held out his hands, which she took, and he helped her to her feet slowly and surely. They both walked back up the stairs to Bethany's room, to find the little baby crying, kicking away her blankets. Cassandra hurried over to her and picked her up in her arms. \"What's wrong, little one? Hmm?\" Cassandra cooed. Richard looked into her daughter's mouth. \"She isn't teething, if that's what you're thinking.\" \"It's not the right time, she's too young.\" she explained. \"She must be hungry. Did Mary give her anything to eat?\" Richard thought back to when he had stepped into that whore's apartment. Come to think of it, there had been a bottle of some kind on the table near his daughter. \"She must have done.\" Richard growled. \"That bitch !\" Cassandra snapped. She handed Bethany to him and began to undo the lace that held together the front of her dress. Richard watched as his beautiful wife pulled down the front of her dress, exposing her bare chest to the cold air, her husband and their baby girl. He stepped close to his wife and manoeuvred Bethany's mouth to Cassandra's breast. Bethany began to suckle happily at her mother's breast, her crying ceased. Cassandra and Richard looked at each other and smiled. \"Mother knows best.\" he said. Cassandra beamed and continued to watch her baby girl being fed. Soon, Bethany was back in her crib, tucked up with her teddy bear in her small arms and sleeping quietly and peacefully. In the next room, Cassandra and Richard watched as policemen began boarding up Mary's windows and front door. A wooden coffin was being carried through the streets. Friends mourned quietly or cried hysterically. People, who knew Mary Kelly by her reputation of being a prostitute and disliked her, began to shout insults and curses. Robert Kelly, her brother, was shouting back at the people who disrespected her name. If everybody knew the truth of why she had been killed, then the insults would have been coming from everywhere. Richard snorted and moved away from the window. Cassandra watched the coffin disappear and pulled the curtains closed. She looked down at her husband as he sat down on the bed and began to take off his shoes. She took hold of the lace in her dress and began to pull it away. She snapped it in half with her teeth. She continued to watch as Richard began to undress. He took off his jacket and his blood stained shirt, folded them each and threw them over a chair. She was about to leap on him when he turned and dodged. She landed awkwardly on the bed and squealed as Richard landed on her and turned her over onto her back. He dragged her so that her hands were near the bed head. He snatched the lace from her hands and tied one bit of lace around her hands and tied them to the head of the bed. \"Unfair, Richard.\" Cassandra warned. \"My house, my bed, my game.\" he countered. He brushed back her long bushy blonde hair and stared into her blue eyes. \"My rules.\" she said, pressing her knee between his legs. Richard gave her a wide grin and kissed her firmly on the lips. As their lips danced against one another, his hands trailed across her body and pulled off her dress, ripping it in half. Cassandra yelped, she began to writhe out of it, and the dress was soon thrown to the floor. Cassandra looked up at her killer husband the 'killer'. \"They don't call you 'Jack the Ripper' for nothing, you know!\" Richard smiled and gave her a passionate kiss. When the kiss was broke, he rested his forehead gently against hers. \"So,\" she asked. \"you going to show me how you sliced her open?\" Two days later, The knife was still sunk deep into the wall where Cassandra had thrown it two days earlier, after the 'tragic' death of Mary Kelly. Neither of them had bothered to remove it. It was the instrument of Mary, Catherine, Annie, Mary Ann and Elizabeth's deaths and it was only thing they had to remind them of the whores they had killed. Mary's blood was still heavily stained on the blade. But they had to remove it when the police called around for questioning about her murder. It hadn't been easy to get out but in the end was thrown into the sink full of dishes nearby to be washed later. Cassandra had rescued her husband a few times when a policeman had seen the blood stained clothes he had worn when killing Mary, Anne and Katherine. She had told the police in question that her husband was working at the local butcher's and had come back from a night shift. Then Richard stepped in and told them that last night, at the butcher's, he had been checking up on the meat and the blood that they kept had spilt over his clothes. It had been a good save but not when the same officer had gone and whispered threats down Richard's neck. Richard had been on the verge of killing the officer then and there, even with the other officers present. Cassandra had calmed him down with her worldly charms and had let the officers leave peacefully. When the door had shut behind them, Richard had grabbed the knife from the sink and stabbed it repeatedly into the kitchen table but soon Cassandra had calmed him down and given him the 'relaxation' he needed. The thing that the two murderers found laughable was the number of suspects and who they were. When the paper boy had brought the morning paper to their home, Cassandra had collapsed in fits of laughter when showing her husband the paper. The two soon fell around the living room hysterically laughing with Bethany staring oddly at her murderous parents as they laughed over the headline: Prince Albert: Innocent or Guilty, Murderer or Prince? The murders still continued as Richard and Cassandra had found out about a few little hints of gossip coming from the neighbours and strangers. But Cassandra and Richard were never caught for their crimes and Bethany never found about her parents' little secret... ","Summary":" The Wife of Jack the Ripper Cassandra looked out of the window out into Whitechapel. Below were a c"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Madness","Author":"MamzelleCombeferre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5917025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I have never seen the movie From Hell, but I do know quite a bit about Jack the Ripper. So this is from the Ripper's point of view. They say I am mad, But could a mad man do this? I am not mad. They are mad for thinking they can catch, The opening to the 20th century. That is how they will remember me. I am not mad. I am a philanthropist If I didn't get to them, Disease, Another man, Something would. I was quick with their lives. I should be hailed, No damned. I am free. The chains of convention shall never bind me, As they do you. Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Catch me if you can. But don't dig too deep. Hell is a nasty place to be.... A/N: Please be kind with reviews. No flames, but constructive criticism will be used. ","Summary":" A/N: I have never seen the movie From Hell, but I do know quite a bit about Jack the Ripper. So thi"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"To Live","Author":"WhySoSerious000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7592491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Inspector Abberline took yet another long draw of opium. He couldn't remember how many days he'd been in the den or even if it was day or night. He stank of human filth and couldn't even bring himself to care. The visions took him again and he saw her. Mary. The clean ocean air was playing with her hair as she called for the child while taking a quick glance at the horizon. The one time prostitute was looking for ships that might be carrying passengers. Carrying him. The cool feel of the gold coins in his palm was the only thing that reminded him that he wasn't next to her. And never could be. Not while he was alive. A voice that sounded like it was in a watery grave said, \"Get up.\" Abberline recognized the voice. Where was it from? It didn't matter; he didn't want to talk to anybody. \"Get up!\" There was a long pause, and then a meaty warm hand was pressing against his throat. Abberline pushed the sensation away and returned to Mary and Alice, wanting with all of his being to fly to her. He may have burned her letter, but even the fires of hell could not burn the address from his mind. When he was pulled out of his vision, the coins were over his eyes. Only Godley would do that. Though he had just come out of a very long stupor, the mechanics of his mind were working quickly. If Godley had placed the coins over his eyes, he had to have believed that Abberline was dead. And that was understandable; Opium slows the heart rate and with the amount he had taken it would seem like Abberline's heart had stopped completely. The sergeant would make it known that the inspector was dead. Surely the men watching Abberline would stop their chase when they heard he had died of an overdose. Abberline swiped the coins from his eyes and literally rose from the dead. None of the people in the den would remember the corpse moving; they were too far gone and would assume that somebody or other had come in and removed him. He stuffed his hat on his head and pulled on a long heavy trench coat he took from another member of the den before racing out. Abberline barely remembered to slow his gait before he reached the street. He still didn't see any of the men that had been following him for the past six years, and he went unnoticed. When Abbeline reached the docks, he booked a passage that would get him to a village far away from Mary's village. He was still being as cautious as possible so that he could protect Mary and Alice. Abberline stood on the dock and pressed his face into the wind, finally feeling it in the here and now and not just in his visions of Mary. The ship was docking at the village, and he found himself anxiously pacing. As soon as the captain allowed the passengers to be released, he rushed into the mass of people leaving. At a nearby inn there was a carriage that could be bought for 2 pounds, the driver's silence for the same price. Abberline urged the driver to push his horses faster, risk the loss of a wheel, and take the dangerous shortcut through the woods, anything to get to his beloved faster. Finally, they reached the small village on the coast. Abberline stared out the windows, looking for the home he'd seen so many times in his visions. When he saw the small white house he knocked on the roof of the carriage and leapt out before the carriage had come to a stop. He could see Mary in the garden, and could no longer wait to take him into his arms. She spun and gasped as Abberline leapt the gate and dropped the basket of clothes she had been carrying. The two lovers embraced tightly, completely forgetting the brutal murders that brought them together and the following years of loneliness. Mary framed his face with her hands and pressed her forehead against his, breathing in his scent and feeling an immense rush of happiness. \"Mother? Who is this?\" Alice's small voice called from the doorway. Mary brushed tears from her eyes before turning to face her daughter. She took Abberline's hand and brought him into the house, amazed that her family was finally together. ","Summary":" Inspector Abberline took yet another long draw of opium. He couldn't remember how many days he'd be"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Sensual Frederick","Author":"JDLuvaSQEE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4952519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sensual Frederick He has soft velvety skin, a slender body, and the scent of sensual amber. He has soft dark chestnut brown wavy hair that softly falls to his neck and sexy sideburns. He has lovely dark eyebrows and long dark eyelashes overtop of intensely warm dark chestnut brown eyes that seem to gaze deeply into your soul. He has a cute nose and highly defined cheekbones. He has an adorable mustache and goatee surrounding a lovely cupid's bow shaped mouth that feels and tastes like the softest rose petals. He has strong shoulders and a warm embrace. He has sweetly sensual slender hips. Inspector Frederick George Abberline: The Most Sensual Inspector in all of London. ","Summary":" Sensual Frederick He has soft velvety skin, a slender body, and the scent of sensual amber. He has "},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Jack and Jill","Author":"XRPxGoddessX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3317484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Mary Kelly November 9, 1888 13 Miller's Court The faint sound of clapping was heard over the rain. A young woman stepped out from behind the half closed door. The man in black spun around and placed a long thin knife up to her neck. As he did, a piece of her blonde hair fell to the ground. \"How much did you see?\" he said pressing the knife harder to here throat, cutting her slightly. \"Ow!\" she cried out and then began to speak again, \"Everything, sir.\" She looked over at the mutilated body of the young prostitute, lying on the bed. He let the knife go and the young woman wandered over to the dissected heap of flesh. The girl had watched it all. At first she was disgusted and the thought of running ran through her mind faster than she couldn't. She then decided to stay. She watched the girl die. A slit to the throat had been the cause of death, but it wasn't the cause of death that interested her. It was what he did to the body. Her chest and face were torn to shreds. The front of her hollowed body was like an empty bloodied ocean. Her organs were spread out on the bed and table; her heart was still in his hand. \"It's brilliant,\" she stated and put her hands on his hat, removing it so she could see his face. He was strangely attractive. He had one scar on his face, she reached out to touch it but he pulled away. \"Your Jack the Ripper, aren't you?\" she smiled. \"What's it to ya, ya little bitch,\" he barked back, looking her straight in the eyes. \"I've seen you kill all of them,\" she said not breaking his stare, \"You have a way with murder. It's like art to you.\" \"Maybe,\" he said getting closer, \"Or maybe it's just for my sick pleasure.\" She smiled at his terrible sense of humor. \"Maybe,\" she answered while placing the hat on her head. He didn't understand why he wasn't slitting (or already had slit) her throat. She was different; she wasn't your garden-variety piece of cockney English shit. She seemed like a lady to him, one that understood (or at least was interested in) his blood lust. She looked back at the body again. Jeyna was never really the normal child but she was smart enough to stay out of the sanatorium and in collage. She studied anatomy there. The woman on the bed looked much like one of the test subjects that they dissected in class. Her stomach was used to the gore. Being the only woman in her class she had to act tough. He stepped up behind her and slipped one arm around her waist, \"You got yourself a name girly?\" \"Jeyna Crooke,\" she said looking up from the body and into his pale green eyes. He was beginning to like her company. He suggested that she was a drunken prostitute, which had no idea what she had just witnessed. \"What line of work are ya in Ms. Crooke?\" he asked, waiting for her to confirm his thoughts. \"Science, human anatomy, actually,\" he breathed a sigh of relief. \"So she's not here for money,\" he thought. \"Me, too,\" he took the knife and whipped the blood from it. Then, placing it in his box and walked to the door. \"Where now?\" she called after him as she left the body. \"My house,\" he said snatching the hat from her hands. \"And your not coming either,\" he added in thought but refused to say. \"Thanks,\" she said walking outside. \"For what,\" he asked. \"For letting me see. I'm sure no one else knows who you are,\" she smiled taking the hat from his trebling hand and placing it on his head. He in return took it off and put it back on her head, \"It's a little big on ya, but it'll remind ya of me,\" he said beginning to walk away, \"Don't let the coppers see ya with it all right!\" He slumped as he walked, maybe it was to add to his character, but what ever it was she couldn't keep her eyes off him until he disappeared into the fog of the muggy London night. Chapter 2 The Top Hat November 9, 1888 20 Aldgate Street Jeyna opened the paper as she bit into the strawberry from the fruit basket on the table. \"Jack the Ripper strikes again,\" it read, \"the mutilated body of 25-year-old Mary Kelly was found in her rented bedroom. Body was in various pieces. Heart still missing.\" She snickered to herself, \"He must still have it.\" She glanced over at the top hat sitting next to the basket on the table. She picked up and hat and turned it over to look inside. As she placed her face to the hat, the smell of spices and liquor filled her nose. Who ever he was, he smelt good. Then something caught her eye. A small label was inside, \"127 Duke Street.\" She looked at he tag with a smile, opening it slowly. \"I knew you'd follow me again. I planned ahead. Come see me. I'm dying to see you.\" The note was written in red ink, her eyes moving over the letters. She meant for him to find her and that's what she intended on doing. Chapter 3 Bath Time Visit November 9, 1888 127 Duke Street She reached out for the door and knocked three times. She could hear a great deal of sloshing about and moving. The door opened and she was surprised the mystery man from last night standing there in a towel, dripping on the floor. He had clearly been taking a bath. He pushed back his lengthy black hair and smiled, \"Come in, I'm glad you came,\" he said grabbing another towel off the table and placing it over his head. She walked inside and took off her jacket, \"Did I come at a bad time?\" He walked over to his phonograph and turned it on, \"Just a little.\" He walked over to the sink and took out his shaving kit. He gently ran the razor over his face. \"Why did you kill them,\" she asked, surprising him with her question. \"I don't know,\" he said as he looked at her progressing reflection through the mirror. As he looked back he suddenly moved and began to rummage around for another towel. He had cut himself. Jeyna quickly grabbed one and came to help. \"Here,\" she said placing it to his bleeding cheek. \"You'd think, all that you use knifes that you'd be able to shave well,\" she snickered. He laughed at her and sat down so she could reach his face. He took his hand away and let her look at it. She took the towel away and examined it. \"It's just a scratch,\" she said with faux anger. She touched his face causing shivers to go down his spine. She noticed his reaction. He slowly placed his hand over hers and closed his eyes. All at once it took her and she leaned in to get closer to him. Their lips were so close. \"No,\" he said pulling back, \"I'm sorry, I can't.\" \"I know,\" she stood up, blushing heavily, and grabbed her jacket. \"I'm sorry, I got too close,\" she said taking one last look at his modest house and then she was gone. Chapter 4 Drinking November 9, 1888 127 Duke Street \"What the fuck is wrong with me!?\" he threw the blooded towel over the side of the washtub. He dropped the towel that was around his waist and slipped into the warm bath. The hot water covered his body. He sunk to the bottom, holding his breath until his lungs begged for air. He came back to the surface. \"She wanted to kiss you, Rich. Think of what else you could have gotten out of her! She practically worships you.\" He let his head rest on the back of the tub. Taking a puff of his cigarette, he filled up a glass with bourbon. \"Stupid bastard!\" he said still clenching the fag in his teeth. Chapter 5 My Hat November 9, 1888 Aldgate Street \"Dammit!\" she said as she walked the dirty streets of London back to her own house. People lined the sides of the street. \"Ello, da'lin'! Ow' about a bit o' fun, ey!\" a drunk said reaching out to try and touch her. \"Piss off,\" she snarled dodging his grip and kept walking. \"Why would you do that? He kills women like you,\" she thought to herself, \"Don't get involved. You know what he did to the others.\" \"Shit,\" she yelled as she touched her head, \"I forgot my hat!\" Chapter 6 Familiar Murder November 9, 1888 127 Duke Street \"What the bloody hell is it!\" he yelled as he grabbed a pair of pants and put them on quickly. He opened the door while buttoning them up. \"Hello darling,\" he smiled, while lighting another cigarette. \"Hey,\" she said looking at the ground. He let her inside and offered her a smoke. She gladly took one and shoved it to her lips. He offered a match and she put it to the end. She took two long puffs and the adjusted her chest. \"You got money?\" he asked her. \"What the hell does it look like,\" she said looking down at her rags, \"Do you have the money?\" She walked to the shelf and helped herself to a drink. \"Maybe,\" he said taking the glass and bottle from her hands. He placed the bottle on the shelf, took down a different one, and poured her a glass. She drank it down quickly and dropped the glass on the table. \"And now some grapes?\" he reached out his hand and offered her some. \"Where did you get grapes,\" she squealed shoving them in her mouth. \"Egypt,\" he said walking up behind her and put the long surgical knife to her neck. With one swift motion she was dead. Chapter 7 Dissection November 9, 1888 127 Duke Street A knock came from the door. \"What the hell do you want!\" he yelled, getting up from the body. He opened the door, \"Oh, it's just you.\" Jeyna stepped inside and glanced over at his prey, \"Why do you insist on doing this. I've only been gone for half and hour.\" \"Well,\" he looked at the whore, \"I don't know.\" Jeyna walked over to the dissection kit next to the body. \"Can I help?\" she asked, looking up at him. \"You really want to?\" Jeyna took out one of the knives from the box and made a long incision down the whore's chest and began to cut inside. He watched her in amazement. She worked quicker than he did. She reached inside the body and made two cuts and then pulled out the organ. It was the girl's heart. Her hands were covered in blood from not using gloves. She tried to blow the hair out of her face but it continued to fall in her eyes. He walked up to her and tucked her hair behind her ears and took the heart from her. He walked over to the shelf and placed it in a jar. \"That was amazing darling, where did you learn?\" he asked. \"I already told you that I go to collage for anatomy.\" She walked over to the sink and used her wrists to turn it on. \"I could do this for as long as you want,\" she smiled, \"I have a strong stomach.\" He picked up the glass jar, \"It looks great, and you did wonderfully.\" \"Thanks,\" she turned off the water and used the towel to dry her hands. She saw his walking up from behind her. She stayed put. She trusted him enough to do so. He reached one arm around her and then the other, this one was holding operating gloves. \"So your hands won't get bloody again,\" he said giving her a peck on the cheek. \"Does he like me or not,\" she thought to herself as she slipped on the gloves, \"Are you gonna help?\" \"If you like, but it looked like you were having so much fun alone,\" he smirked, \"I'd hate to ruin it for you.\" She turned around and leaned up against the sink, \"I hardly doubt that you could just watch. You wouldn't be able to contain yourself.\" \"True,\" he said as he slipped on a pair of gloves himself. He then turned around and walked over to the body. He sat down next to the body, \"Well are you gonna help or not?\" She was hesitant but sat next to him, \"I'll watch I suppose.\" \"Alright,\" he began by himself. She watched his every move. She was utterly speechless by the time he was finished. The product of an hours work looked like the butchers cellar. Chapter 8 Unfamiliar Pleasure November 11, 1888 19 Miller's Street \"Here dar'lin,\" he said as he placed a tankard of beer in front of her. He took a large gulp and then slammed it down on the table, \"A well deserved drink for a job well done.\" He signaled for the wench and she filled Jeyna's glass. \"Thank you,\" she said smoothing her hair back. He sat across from her and looked at her with a funny grin on her face. \"What,\" Jeyna snapped back and then took another sip. \"You just look funny is all…\" he chuckled. \"I won't look funny when I'm standing over your dead body,\" she gawked back, slurring with every word she spoke. \"I doubt that,\" he took a drink from his own glass and smile up at her. She slowly stood up and walked to his side of the table. She leaned over him and then sat next to him, \"Look,\" she said as she placed a hand around his neck, her face dangerously close to his, \"you already are conditioned to my touch; I could plan your murder if I wished it.\" \"Who do you take me for,\" he said allowing himself to indulge in the pleasure of her. \"Some amateur? I'm Jack the Ripper my good lady. And you,\" he mused, \"You're just an anatomy student.\" She stood up sharply and slammed her cup on the table. No one noticed; it was fairly noisy in the tavern. \"How dare you,\" he could tell she was a bit over the edge, \"You act like your this great and wonderful person, but in reality your just the ordinary stupid ass!\" He took this in no offence and took another sip of his beer. \"Listen, my darling-\" \"Don't you call me darling, you don't have a darling. Hell you don't have a heart!\" He stood up from the table and walked directly up to her. She wasn't afraid of his and showed no sign of backing away, \"You don't give a damn about any one or anything. You're a heartless bastard,\" she snapped at him. \"I never show anyone my heart. So how would you know,\" he said bringing himself closer to her. \"Because you know you want to kiss me. I know it, but you don't. You show no courage. Maybe if you did then you wouldn't be so odd,\" he drew himself even closer as she spoke, taking her shoulders forcefully into his hands. \"Sadly you have no way of showing it,\" she snapped. \"And let me go!\" she said, baring her teeth. She pulled one of her shoulder free and slapped him sharply across the cheek. \"You've had to much to drink,\" he said taking her forcefully by the arms. \"No I haven't! Let me go!,\" she yelled as she struggled from his grasp. \"Jeyna, just relax,\" he said, beginning to stroke her shoulder. \"I'm- I'm ok,\" she said. She took a step backwards and then moved in to catch her balance. She never made it to his arms for she fainted before their bodies had a chance to touch. Chapter 9 Alone in the House November 12, 1888 127 Duke Street There was a sharp pain in the back of her head of Jeyna. She looked around and noticed the room was unfamiliar. \"This isn't my home,\" she thought to herself, \"Where am I, what happened?\" She had a million questions and only one possible answer. Jack. He brought her here. It was his home. \"Does he want to kill me,\" she thought. She got up out the large oak bed and felt around for the oil lamp. She finally found it and lit it. As she shielded her eyes from the light she noticed a note on the table. It read; \"My Dearest Jeyna, I'm afraid I'll be gone for a while, off on business you know. Make your self at home. My house is your house. Your welcome to look around if you wish. Food is in cooling box and the liquor is in glass the cabinet. Hope you enjoy yourself. Richard\" \"So I finally know his real name,\" she smiled to herself. She walked out to the large room at the center of his house; a living room of sorts with a large washtub off to the side. \"Well it's not much but it's good enough for me,\" she said to herself, stroking the banister leading to the staircase. She led herself down it, being careful not to fall; she was still a bit woozy. When she got downstairs her bad habits took over again as she opened the liquor cabinet. She took out a large bottle of brownish liquid and then sat down on the sofa. She sprawled herself across the sofa and took a gulp of what only god knows what. After finishing the bottle she walked over to a large door. \"It must be his room,\" she thought. She turned the doorknob slowly and then pushed through the door. She opened it upon a large bedroom with little to no light. It was beautiful in all of its magnitude. She reached over to his deck and lit the oil lamp, which had a deep and shining gold color as the light hit it, which sat upon a large map of the city. She lifted it up to reveal various places that he had pin pointed on it, murder sites, she suspected. \"How does he do it,\" she said allowed. She turned to the wall the left. It was lined with shelves from the ceiling to the floor. On these shelves were jars, home of organs long unfit for human or animal use. Yet, there was no smell of rotting or dead flesh, only the smell of men's' aftershave or cologne. The dim light coming from behind the shelf caused them to look like they were glowing and upon inspection she found that they were are floating in their own share of embalming fluid. These were the organs he collected; strange hobby, she though, although everyone had their perks. She turned around her toe was formally introduced to the bedpost. It hurt something bad but she paid it no mind. Even though no one was there, she didn't want to let any emotions go in this place. And for the life of her she couldn't even remember what had happened the night at the tavern. Did something unwanted happen in this bed or the one she had slept in? Unwanted wouldn't have been the world she would have used, her attractions to him were obvious and with the addition of a glass or two of her choice beverage, it might have been the proper equation for a night of fun for Mr. Ripper. She had no idea what happened or where it happened, if it even did. She placed her hand on the bed and felt the smooth velvet. Had she wanted that to happen? She didn't know for certain what she felt like she wanted. Everything in this damned house seemed like an alternate reality to her, like she had fallen threw a mirror in to wonderland, where the main attraction was a man that killed for pleasure, or fun. She felt a mixture of feelings as the she hit a brick wall. \"Did I sleep with him? Did I want to? Do I want to sleep with him,\" so many questions flooded her mind. It was too much. Regardless whether she wanted to admit it or not, she was in his room and something might have happened besides murder, a cup of tea, and dinner. Maybe she was the dinner. Why hadn't he killed her? Maybe he favored her. Whatever it was her stomach was beginning to feel sickly in this room, with its emerald velvet bed and secluded and seductive walls. She wanted to leave. Chapter 10 Familiar Surroundings November 18, 1888 127 Duke Street She had survived the loneliness of the old house for almost a week now. She knew for sure now that the note hadn't been a clever ruse devised as bait for his clever trap. At first she had thought maybe he didn't kill her because he preferred to kill the conscious. The live bait always made animals go batty. She considered him an animal, even though he really had never done much to hurt her. She wasn't the hunted. She knew this now. She freely knew her way around the grounds of his house now and could get a glass of brandy in her sleep if she wished. The organs and the smell of the sweet perfume of death had become accustomed to her nose. She didn't mind the stench now. Unlike his room the sitting area was much more obvious that it had seen its share of the black shroud that filled his life. The body of the girl he had dissected was all gone now. It had been there when she came to. She thought maybe he brought her here to fix up the place. She cleaned up the blood and washed the woman's clothing. She fancied the dress something awful. For a whore she dressed well. She wore the dress. It was a bit tight around the bosom but it fit nonetheless, and she was sure Richard wouldn't mind. She did after all keep his secret. She didn't regret it either. Getting all the nice things his victims carried. \"I guess I deserve all of this,\" she said to herself, examining the dress in the pale light of the oil lamp in her room. She twirled the rouge fabric and lifted it to reveal her stockings. She did like dressing up. The dress was lucky. She insisted that he removed it before the dirty operation began. No cuts or blood ruined it. It was rather strange to be wearing the clothing of the dead but she figured she wouldn't be wearing it any time soon, and her breasts wouldn't fill it out as well anymore (they were in a jar after all). Chapter 11 A Day Out November 20, 1888 London, England \"I'm sorry to disappoint you sir but I don't have that much money,\" she said placing her purse on the counter. \"It's the finest silver. I can't give it to you for less that a nine pounds.\" \"Well I ain't got that kind of money,\" she was beginning to get angry with him. He didn't even want to bargain. \"Of course we have that kind of money, my pet.\" She heard long footsteps come up behind her and then she felt to cold hands run along her exposed shoulder. She spun around quickly to see the face of Richard. He was wearing stunning cloak, along with a top hat. \"Did I miss church dearest?\" he asked. She was stunned at his comment but the clerk was right there. \"No darling, we're going tonight. You don't need to buy me this,\" she said holding up the silver necklace chain with an emerald attached to it. \"Don't worry about it, sweetheart, you can pay me back,\" he leaned in and gently brushed his lips against her neck. She enjoyed it while it lasted; a part of her even wanted more, but then she remembered the last time she saw him. Visions of that night played in her head. She couldn't talk to him or act like that unless she knew about what happened that night. \"Yes, I suppose I shall,\" she said placing a warning look upon her face. Richard was slightly embarrassed but he cleared his throat and began to speak, \"Here, nine pounds\" He handed the clerk a small pouch and took the necklace from his hands. They walked along the street back to the house. The same beggars and street wanderers and horrible perverts still walked along the same streets. Then he stopped by a coach, \"Go ahead and get in. It's fine.\" She was reluctant to get on; wasn't this how he lured his victims? \"It's all right, kitten, I won't hurt you,\" he said taking her hand. She stepped up on the cart and sat down. He followed and sat next to her, as she suspected he would. \"Here, let me help,\" he reached out and took the diamond-crested necklace from her hands. He made her nervous but she lifted her hair and let him clasp it around her neck. It was a choker, how appropriate. The emerald gems were speckled every so often on the band and a silver chain dangled down her neck. He let it fall down the back of her neck. He looked down at her bare back and wished he could touch her but he just couldn't. How could he? She never trusted him. She looked so soft and pale. He reached out his hand and touched the middle of her back and slowly traced her spine upwards until he reached her shoulders. She knew she should have stopped him but she was enjoying far more than he. He leaned down and kissed her shoulder. \"Don't stop,\" she whispered in a musty voice. He did as he was told and continued up her shoulder to the back of her neck. She turned around so he could reach her better. As the carriage began to move he moved in closer. Jeyna looked up at his eyes; they looked to full of desire, as did hers. She didn't know what to do. She had just led the poor man on. \"Thank you,\" she said placing a hand on her necklace. He only smiled and leaned in closer forcing her against the apposing wall. She held off as long as she could but then her feelings took over. He leaned in closer, and then the carriage went over a pothole. Jeyna fell off the seat and Richard hit his head on the ceiling. As he rubbed his head he whispered curses. \"Sorry!\" the driver said, tapping on the carriage top. \"Thanks for nuthin ya dumbass!\" she screamed back. She looked up at Richard awkwardly and then smiled as he offered his hand to lift her off the floor. The carriage came to a halt and there was a knock at the door. \"We're here sir,\" the footman stated. Richard opened the door, and her own house greeted Jeyna. \"Do you wanna come inside,\" Jeyna asked politely. He nodded and followed her to the oak door. She didn't know why she invited him in, her intentions weren't polite at all, then again neither were his. It was beginning to become obvious that Jeyna was very much attracted to him. She opened the door and they both looked inside the dark house, not knowing exactly what was to happen next. Chapter 12 Unexpected Visitor November 20, 1888 London, England Jeyna pushed herself through the wide door and stepped into the dark house; her footsteps sending a melodic rapping upon the wooden floor. She smiled at the couch and approached it slowly. The moonlit offered as a path around the room until she reached the oil lamp and turned the knob. The pale blue fire lit the room. She sat down next to the table on the sofa and curled up tightly. Richard turned and locked the door, then joined her on the sofa. He glanced over towards her neck and smirked at the necklace. He felt content knowing he put it there. She smiled back towards him, knowing he put it there. She reached up and touched her neck, feeling the small gems beneath her fingertips. \"Richard,\" she smiled, \"You didn't have to buy me this.\" \"I know, but I wanted to\" She leaned in and rested her head on his shoulder, \"Thank you.\" Richard's ear narrowed quickly, looking over at the mantle. \"What's wrong?\" Jeyna said looking up at him quickly. Then she looked up to the mantel, the shadow of a human figure. Her eyes grew wide and she gaped at the shadow, slightly afraid to turn around. \"Oh god,\" she whispered, feeling her body go numb. \"Jeyna?!\" the voice said in disbelief. Richard looked back to her and raised an eyebrow, Jeyna returning the worried look. They both turned to see who exactly it was. Jeyna's eyes grew wide in recognition. It was Teddy. She raised an eyebrow towards him. She looked over towards Richard and gave him a knowing glance. \"Hello Theodore,\" she said seductively, getting up from the sofa. She slowly slinked over to him and touched his cheek lightly, smiling up at him. She knew Theodore well. He was always there for her and up until now, her for him. He loved her something terrible and when she'd been missing for so long he went looking for her. Theodore wasn't nicest looking of all people, but he was kind, and he could give her a good home and family. He slowly looked down at her teary–eyed and red and touched her cheek slowly. \"I thought you were dead, the entire family's looking for Jeyna,\" he spoke softly. \"H-how did you find me Theo,\" she whimpered, glancing up into his eyes. She loved him too, and she couldn't help herself. She's known him so long that it was hard not to have feelings for the unkempt-looking man. Then she looked back at Richard, his eyes burning hot. She stared back at him for a moment and realized how jealous she was making him. Although, he was really the only one in the situation that didn't know what Jeyna was thinking entirely. She smiled sweetly at his grimace and turned back towards Theodore, her hands holding a shiny metal object in her small hands. \"How did you find me here?\" she asked, looking desperate. The trick was to make him think she was trapped and then turn on him. Jeyna, having to deal with men on a daily basis, knew that men were stupid and you had to stroke their ego. Theodore was no different. \"I saw you at the jewelry shop with that thing,\" she growled, pointing at Richard, \"I followed you here, I'm coming to take you home.\" He grabbed her arm protectively and she pulled her arm away. Her hand flung quickly to his cheek, the blade slashing his skin, and he gasped for air, a burning sensation stinging his stomach. His lips were colored with red as if he'd just drank a glass of wine, but the liquor pouring from his neck and lips was of much greater value than some cheep poisoned drink. A twisted smile curled upon her lips, as he felt helpless to the ground. \"I'm sorry darling,\" she said, her voice cracking as unexplained tears took up root in her eyes. Richards helpless glace melted into a hellish smirk. He slowly approached her as her love lay dieing on the wooden floor. \"I had no idea what you were up too,\" he chuckled, holding her around the stomach. He leaned over her shoulder and began kissing her neck. What ever had gotten into Jeyna was now all too familiar and all too strong. Her body began to burn with this feeling of hate and disgust for the heap on the ground. \"I hate you,\" she muttered, throwing the knife to the ground, it stabbing him in the chest. They final breath of escaped his lips as Jeyna turned to Richard, crushing her lips forcefully against his. This was getting all too out of hand. Her bloody hands were placed to his cheeks, smearing the crimson fluid against his unshaven skin. She pulled away quickly, dropping next to the body. Pulling his shirt open, she pulled the knife from his ribs. Her hands moved quickly, slashing the warm flesh from his bones. As she worked Richard moved behind her, wrapping his arms around her stomach. He loved her so, this creature he'd created. Everything she was now was all because of him. He could take life as easily as give a new. He kissed her softly, countering her rash and violent actions, the tension in the room building by the second. \"I love you Jey,\" he murmured into her flesh. He could feel her hot pulse against his lips. He smiled lightly as she looked down at the body. He'd never seen someone, other than himself, mangle anything so quickly. Theodore was no longer was he used to be. He was only flesh and blood now; nothing else to cling to the exposed bones other than air. She finally stopped, her heart pounding in her neck. \"I love you too,\" she panted, dropping the knife over the body. Her eyes closed tightly, the fire dwindling to ashes in her chest. Slowly she took something from the body and held it in her hand. The red flesh of the man's kidney pulsed within her hand. \"Can I cook dinner tonight,\" she suggested, looking up at him. Chapter 13 The Last Dance November 21, 1888 127 Duke Street The blood trickled down her cheeks, her eyes burning in the hot light of the candles. This room seemed so familiar behind those red eyes. These glasses of every organ possible to dream and now she cradled her own. It felt as if her grave were being blessed by this ritual she chanted. Her small figure sat on the bed as she glanced down at the heart of Theodore. It was such a lovely heart; red and pulsating. Richard looked over at her from the chair in which he sat in the corner of the room. Glancing over her body, he found his own beginning to tingle and churn. His eyes slowly sweltered to black as he lingered closer to her. Every second seemed a year; it was just too much. Without warning his hands were on her shoulders, his lips pressed against her neck. He grabbed the necklace from her neck, pulling it from her body and nipped at her neck, pulling her hard against him. Jeyna lay back against him, the heart thudding between her fingers. The tearing sound was next as her petticoat was pulled away, and then her shirt, and finally everything was gone. Holding the heart in her hand, she smeared the blood over her soft skin and pulled him down to her. His tongue played tricks over shoulders and chest, licking the fresh blood from her skin. Slowly she did the same for him, removing his clothes and smearing his bare chest with the blood. The salt of his sweat along with the blood fed her nicely and she feasted until she was content. What came next was hot and passionate and rugged and warm. He slowly leaned in over her body, pulling her legs apart forcefully. A squeal of pain escaped her lips as he pushed deep inside her. Behind black eyes all there was, was lust and pain, forcing her body to conform to his. His smooth, slow, and comforting motions quickly turned to blood-boiling rage. His heart pounded in his chest as he thrusted himself in and out of her as quickly as he could. The fire between them began to burn as the ashes of her soul turned black with hate. Like a disease, the anguish was spread from one to another, and as their bodies braced over in one final moment of pleasure, it was over and the fires of hell had consumed this innocent girl. Chapter 14 The Taste of Blood November 22, 1888 127 Duke Street The taste of blood lingered on her lips, her eyes fluttering open. The room was dark, but she knew she wasn't alone this time. She smiled lightly remembering dinner and the following events. She dragged her palm down his chest, her head placed on his shoulder gently. After everything was over, they had cleaned up the bloody mess, but there was still that fire. That was gone now, but she knew that fire would always return for him. Jeyna would always have a heated passion dwelling in her heart for Richard, and even though she knew what he'd done, she knew what he'd done to her as well. And even though Jeyna was insane, she couldn't well forget him, especially not now; after all that they'd done. She was in love with Richard and he loved her as well. Both of them had taught each other one thing or another. Richard had learned to love another person other than himself, and Jeyna had learned to live her life as she'd always fantasized about. She was the lover of a killer, and as she laid there, on her love, she swore to herself that she'd never leave him, not for anything in the world. He's given her all that she'd ever want and she would be more insane than he if she left such a man. Her heart was now his and she'd taken his back in return. He's given her all that she'd ever want and she would be more insane than he if she left such a man. Her heart was now his and she'd taken his back in return. And now as she looked down at his body, he looked almost pure. The red blood that soaked the black sheets was now his own. The killer has become his own victim. In creating the beast that lived in Jeyna's soul, he created a murderer, one whom he trusted. You should never trust a murderer; that's just silly. That's where Richard when wrong. \"Oh Richard,\" she muttered softly, \"Look at you now. You're so handsome. So bare.\" Her face was blank; just a hysterical smile, glancing over his body. His heart was still in her hands; pulsating. It was still beating in her eyes. He was alive. She got up slowly from the bed and placed his heart in a jar. \"G'morning, my love. Was it good for you,\" she breathed softly, tapping the glass, the heart still beating and thudding on the glass. With one soft motion a pain struck her innards. She glanced down at the knife in her side, her eyes still wide and red. \"Oh look, I forgot to put that on the night stand. Silly me, Jack. We should have that fixed in no time.\" The black and red vision slowly began to fade. Her hands dragging against the wall, the glasses falling out and to the ground. The sweet scent of death and blood; gore and hell filled the room. She slumped over on the ground, her eyes closing gently. \"Good night, Jack,\" she cried softly, falling back on the ground. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Mary Kelly November 9, 1888 13 Miller's Court The faint sound of clapping was heard over "},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Happily ever after M and F","Author":"alidragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5164884","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One shot. This is how I would havenlike to see the movie end. Love Johnny's deep dark movies but farntoo many do not have a happy ending and I think it would be nice oncenin a while. Sadly I do not own the characters in From Hell, as muchnas I love them. This ending came to me one day walking my dogs afternwatching the movie for the 3 time. Hope you like it. Let me know whatnyou think of it. Sergeant Peter Godley walked in thenYang's Opium Den to rouse Inspector Frederick Abberline from hisndrug induced dream for the hundredth time. They had been requested toninvestigate another murder in the Whitechapel district. Despite hisnpromotion or perhaps because of it Abberline had refused to leave thenWhitechapel beat. It was where he had met her, and where he lost her.nAbberline had never been the same since the Ripper murders. True thenkilling had stopped and Sir Gull had been committed to the samenasylum that poor Anne Crook had ended her days in. But none of thatnseemed to matter, his life was empty and the one thing he wanted hencould not have. It would appear that those in thenFreemason had finally given up watching his every step. But Abberlinencould never be sure they had given up on him. They no longernshadowed his every step. But he feared that one miss step and theynwould know. Know his secret. And they must never know that Mary andnthe child lived. And so as much as his heart wanted to go to her, henretreated to Yang's Opium Den to lose himself in the blissfulndumbness of the drug. At least there he could see them, if only innhis dreams. Godley walks up to the bed wherenAbberline is lying, eyes staring unseeing at the ceiling. He knowsnright way that something is horribly wrong this time. There in theninspectors hand are the two coins for the ferry man, a sad sign thatnthe Abberline had know he would not awake from this dream. Checkingnfor a pulse and finding none, sighs and Godley writes a brief note onna page of his note book, tears it out and hands it to the constablenthat had accompanied him , \"Gongive this to Detective Chief Superintendent Arnold and bring himnback here.\" Lookingnsomewhat confused 'You want the Chief Superintendant to come here?\" \"Constable,njust do as you're told\" barked at him \"Yesnsir, sorry sir.\" He replied and hurried off. ThenSergeant then turned to the other constable and ordered him to go andnfetch the police surgeon. After they leave Godley kneels by thenbed and gently places the coins on the inspector's eyes.n\"Goodnight, sweet prince\" Pulling up a chair and he sits andnwaits for the surgeon and Arnold to arrive. About an hour later they both arrivenmore than a little upset at having been summoned to such a place. \"Sergeant you had better have a goodnreason for this\" the Chief Superintendant bellowed. But stopped innhis tracks when he sees the inspector lying there unmoving. \"Yes sir, as I said in my note, theninspector is dead.\" Godley replied with a slight crack in hisnvoice. \"I didn't think you would want the press to find out hendied here. After all the questions there have been about the Ripperncase I thought the discovery of the inspector dying here might justnbring it all back to the front pages. Something I don't think anynof us wants.\" \"Yes, yes. Good thinking. We do notnneed another scandal connect to Abberline.\" Turning to the Policensurgeon, \"He is dead?\" \"Yes, an overdose. Very straightnforward. No question.\" \"You have a suggestion Sergeant?\"nArnold asked \"Well, I was thinking I could take himnhome and you\" Godleynsaid looking at the policensurgeon. \"could say it was influenza,nand that he died at home. End of story, there have many so many dienin this influenza outbreak. And he does tend to be in areas wherenthere have been deaths, what with his tendency to stay in thenWhitechapel area.\" \"Goodnplan Sergeant.\" Looking at the surgeon Arnold told him \"YounGodley see to getting the body back to his home. You make out thendeath certificate.\" Arnold ordered the police surgeon. \"And Inwill see that a full police funeral is set up for the inspector. Wenwill send him off right Sergeant.\" \"Yes sir\" They bothnreplied The inspectors body was movednto his home by Godley and Yang. The police surgeon made out the deathncertificate to read influenza as cause of death, ThenChief Superintendant true to his word arranged a full Police funeralnfor the inspector. The service was attended by many high rankingnmembers of the society who viewed the attendance of many of thenresidence of Whitechapel as unseemly. But Abberline had for the mostnpart been seen as a men who sought justice for even the lowestnmember of society and not just for those with coin in their pocket.nAnd many turned out to honour his memory. Of course the press werenthere, and there was a full column writes up on his career, includingna rather detailed account of the Ripper case, but as he was just onenof many who died of influenza that year the story died in a day orntwo. And so Inspector Frederick Abberline was laid to rest. In a meeting place under the streets of London a group of men ofnnoble birth meet to take apart in the weekly ceremonies of thenFreemason the belonged to. High in the balcony overlooking thenceremony there noble men discuss the resent funeral of InspectornFrederick Abberline, \"Killed himself with Opium you say\" \"We knew it was only a matter of time. He was spending more andnmore of his time in that vial place.\" \"Your sure if was him. That he was really dead\" \"I saw his body myself. Do you doubt me? I know a dead man when Insee one.\" Arnold said with a trace of annoyance. \"No. No. It's just such a relief for him to go to his grave withnthe secret\" the other apologized. \"We watch him for so long. Hardnto believe it is over.\" \"Well it is. Inspector Frederick Abberline is dead and buried, asnis the prince. And Sir Gull has no memory of the events. At last wencan rest easy and forget the whole Ripper thing.\" \"About time. We have far more important matter to deal with. Shallnwe never speak of this unpleasant subject again? It is over, finally.nThey are finally all dead. Let them all rest in peace now, theyncannot hurt us or the monarchy\" All were in agreement and continued down the stairs to join thenceremony which had already started. Ofncourse nothing is ever as it seems in the back streets of London.nInspector Abberline had been a good customer of Yang's.n And he had made sure that Yang was not bother by the localnconstables, allowing the Opium Den to run without the clients needingnto worry about being bothered by the press or the police. So it hadnsaddened Yang to see the life go out of the young inspector after thenRipper case had ended. It bothered him as well those who had doggednAbberline's every move in the months that followed. It was notnright; Abberline was a good man, a fair man. And so Yang hadnapproached the inspector with a plan. At first the inspector did notnbelieve Yang. It just didn't seem possible. But Yang introducednAbberline to his old friend a doctor from the orient who explain thatnthere were was to slow down a person's heart with the aid ofncertain herbs and drugs to a point where a pulse could not be felt.nThe person would appear to all that they were dead. Then another drugncould be administered which would revive them no worse for thenadventure. That he began to believe it might just be the solution tonhis problem. There were always deaths in the den,nand many who died had long lost contact with family and friends asnthe dragon took hold of their lives. So it wouldn't be hard to findna body for the casket. The resent outbreak of influenzangave a good cover story for the press. And the fear from past outnbreaks would assure that even the mortician would not want to handlenthe body. A quick burial without a long wake would not seem strange. Earlynin the morning on the day of his death a wagon entered the alleynbehind the inspectors home and a very large bag of something wasncarried in. The inspector went to work as usual, after a good mealnwith his sergeant at a local inn he made his way to Yang's. In thenback room Yang's doctor friend administer the herbs and drug.nAbberline then made his way to his favourite cot, took a couple ofnpuffs on the pipe and passed into blissful ignorance. Hoursnlater he awoke with a start in his own home. Looking around he asksn\"So did they buy it?\" \"Hooknline and sinker. Arnold was glad to see the last of you, he didn'tnquestion it, he seemed just relieved that you Abberline problem wasnfinal over and done with. Besides he and the surgeon just wanted tonbe out of Yang's den that they did spend that much time questioningnthe fact that you were dead.\" Godley replied. Thenmortician had already been and a casket was sitting in the livingnroom. Only instead of Abberline's body inside it held the body ofnthe poor soul who had died at Yang's the night before. Instead of anpaupers grave he would have a place of honour in the Police cemetery.nAbberline took very little from the house; he had been butting asidencash for some time and had a stash which should see him through thencoming months. Changing into the clothes of a labour he said anheartfelt goodbye to his friend and sergeant before he slipped out ofnthe back door of the house which was no longer his home andndisappeared into the over populated streets of London. Itnwas surprising how easily it was for InspectornFrederick Abberline to turn into Fred Cameron a deck hand on anschooner heading to the colonies. No one questioned him; he workednhard, and was willing to do any job on the ship. His lack ofnexperience was overlooked due to his willingness to do whatever henwas asked, no matter how hard or unpleasant. But before they werenhalf way across the Atlantic Cameron/Abberline had become not only anreal member of the crew but a well liked one. From the next year henworked up and down the eastern seaboard of the Canada and the UnitednStates on series of schooner. He never however gave up looking overnhis shoulder. Every time they made port he half expected someone fromnthe Freemason waiting there to confront him. Finally after a year he final believed at no one was watching him. Sonchanging his name one last time, Fred Simpson boarded a tramp steamernheaded to Ireland. An experienced crewman this time, he worked hardnduring the crossing. The Captain was sorry to see his newest seamannleave the ship when they made port in Cork. Simpson/Abberline spentnanother couple of months working his way across Ireland as a daynlabourer. When he was sure no one was following him, he made his waynto a small village which had been his destination from the day henleft London. Mary Kelly goes to the door of herntiny cottage to call her daughter for lunch. She feels a shiver ofnfear run down her spine as she sees a stranger climbing the pathntowards the cottage. Had they been found out? Had the evil in Londonnfinal followed them here? \"Annie, come into the house.\"nMary called out to her daughter. \"Yes mother\" the young girlnanswered, running past her mother into the cottage. Mary stood her ground. After all itnwas only one man. Perhaps she was being paranoid. Yet there wasnsomething about the man walking towards her that seemed familiar.nSlowly she walked to the gate to meet the man. \"Hello Mary, it's been far toonlong\" Fred Simpson/ Abberline said with just a touch of a smile innhis voice. Her hand went to her chest, she knewnthat voice but it couldn't be. The man that belonged to that voicenwas dead. She had read in the paper that he had died of influenza. Itnhad been just a short article in the Dublin paper about the man whonhad investigated the Ripper case. She had cried long and hard fornhim. He couldn't be the sunburned bearded man standing before her.nCould he? \"You're dead, you can't benhere. I saw it in the paper\" \"Can't believe everything younread in the press, you know\" he told her smiling \"Abberline\" \"No its Simpson now. Abberline andnthat life in London is over and done with. I am just a simple sailornlooking for his girl.\" He told her. \"That is if she will stillnhave me\" \"Have you?\" Mary threw herselfninto his arms. \"Oh I will have you Mr. Ab.. Mr Simpson. I'll havenyou.\" And kissed him. \"One question? What took you sonlong?\" \"Had to make sure they believednAbberline was dead, and I wasn't followed. You know I would nevernput either of you in danger. I had to be sure.\" Together they walked in the cottage. Six months latter Mary Kelly andnFrederick Simpson were married in a simple service at the localnchurch. Three months after that the Simpsons and their daughter Annienimmigrated to Boston, where Mr. Simpson found a job as a constablenwith the Boston Police department. Two years later he was promoted tonInspector due his involvement in solving several complicated murdersnon the Boston waterfront. The Simpson family would grow andnprosper over the years with the births of sons Peter and William.nYears later both boys would join the family business as Mary callednliked to call the department. And Annie would go on to marry one ofnthe young constables who worked with her father. Keeping it all innthe family Fred was said to have said at his daughter wedding. BothnMary and Fred had long stopped looking over their shoulders. No one,nnot even Annie knew that \"His Princess\" was anything more than anloving father's nick name. That is accept for Mary. One day 20 years later InspectornGodley opened a letter from Boston to find a photograph of a lovingnfamily. There was no return address, no letter, just the photograph.nOn the back it simply said. \"Happily ever after. M and F\" Smilingnto himself he stared at it for a long time before placing thenphotograph in the fire and watching it slowly burn. ","Summary":" One shot. This is how I would havenlike to see the movie end. Love Johnny's deep dark movies but fa"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Jack the Ripper","Author":"DeathStalksMe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5186826","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything having to do with From Hell (except the poem thats all mine) pulling up to the side in costly dress intentions hide she'll get in as he had known evil seeds had just been sown He offers riches, just a scheme when he wants to hear her scream now subdued, he knocks her out a sinister smirk, evils about he cuts the flesh with steady blades victims gone, her spirit fades finished, he leaves the dead morning rises, off to bed when evening comes, he'll be back for all in all, he made an evil pact ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything having to do with From Hell (except the poem thats all mine) pull"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"To Hell and Back","Author":"Brighteyes88","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2963350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: Brighteyes88 Pairing: Abberline/Mary Rating: PG-13 Summary: After faking his own death, Abberline travels to Ireland to be with Mary, where they have been living happily for two years that is until the Freemasons find out about their existence. Will they make it through hell and back one more time? Chapter One It had been nearly two years now, two years since that very day. Sergeant Godley could remember it as if it were yesterday. The horrific image came flooding back into his mind. \"Don't go in.\" He had desperately pleaded with his friend, \"please, you don't need to see it.\" It seemed that his attempts at diverting the young Inspector were to no avail. He tried to push his way through in a vain effort to prove that it was all fake, and that this wasn't really happening. The thing was Godley knew it was happening, and no matter how bad his friend wanted to believe that it wasn't true, he knew that it was. So here he was. What choice did he have? He couldn't possibly let his best friend look at the woman he loved after she had been carved up into a pile of bloody flesh. That just wasn't going to happen. He continued to hold Inspector Abberline back, knowing that if he saw her like this he would loose the little control he had left. But then again, he was only a Sergeant, trying to hold back the Inspector, and to make things worse, Charles Warren was approaching, a grim smile on his wrinkled face. \"Let him in Sergeant.\" Warren announced and he had no choice but to release Abberline. The moment was too surreal for him to handle, Godley could see it in his eyes, in his demeanor. He dropped to the floor in front of what used to be the lovely Mary Kelly, and lost himself. Godley stood by the door as many a police officer walked in and out of the room, vomiting and cringing at single handedly the most disturbing site any of them had ever seen. It even bothered him, after seeing all of the other victims, he thought that he was strong with these matters, but he was wrong. His stomach churned. His palms began to sweat. And when he looked over at Abberline, he saw that he too looked nauseous. This he knew was not only because of the nature of the body, but the soul it belonged to. Mary. He and Abberline had seen such things many times over the past couple of months, but never were either of them expecting to feel a personal pain looking onto one of the bodies of what Godley himself referred to as pinch pricks. And now the guilt came flooding in as he saw his young friend unable to utter a word, as the others asked him to describe the body, as he did with every crime scene. He just couldn't bring himself to believe it, to say these things about Mary, and that's when Godley let out a silent and lone tear. He had called Mary many a thing. A liar. A pinch prick. A red haired Jezebel. And now he couldn't handle the thought of her not being there. The idea that she lied dead in a bed 5 feet in front of him. He wondered if she fought. Did she scream? Did she scream for Frederick Abberline? Did she even have time to utter a word? He let himself remember her for one moment. They were never close, in fact he had told Abberline many times not to get involved with Mary. He had told her that he was happy for his best friends interest in the fairer sex, but that to feel such thing for a girl like Mary was not ideal. \"A woman like that can make you feel anything she wants you to feel.\" He had said, desperate to make Abberline see that she was not right for a respectable young detective such as him. But now he knew that she wasn't a bad girl at all. She was really a sweet young thing, who had just been dealt the wrong hand in life. She truly was an Irish beauty, young and spirited. And her love for Abberline was very real. They had both been young and lonely and found comfort in one another. Even now he wondered how awful it must have been for both of them to know that while they were falling in love, her life was at stake, and that he was the only one who could save her. No one else saw her for what Frederick Abberline saw her for. Everyone else saw walking seduction. As guilty as it made him feel, Godley could see why. She was young, thin and shapely, she had a mane of flowing red hair, so red that it made you think of fire. Her skin was clear and porcelain, and she spoke in a light voice drenched with her Celtic accent. He even had a slight laugh as he remembered when Frederick had asked him to grab Mary for him because they needed to talk. He had snuck up on her in an alley and grabbed her. She had kicked and flailed as she fought to break free. \"She's madly in love with me. She hides it very well.\" He said when her pushed her into the carriage where Abberline was waiting. Godley watched Abberline's face light up momentarily, but then sink again not to rouse suspicion, and he knew that he had found something, he had noticed something very important. It was always like him to notice the small details. That one strand of hair was his saving grace. Godley remembered Frederick informing him of the hair after they had left the room at 13 Miller's Court. A feeling of relief flooded through his whole body as Abberline read the letter that Mary had left for him at the Ten Bells. But being the kind of man that he was, Abberline had informed Godley that no matted how bad he wanted to go to Mary, he couldn't, no while he was being watched so closely. He cared about Mary far too much to let her be in jeopardy. So after a long while of persisting that Abberline go back to her, the two had concocted a plan. A fake death. It was the only way, the only way to get Fred and Mary together. They had used a different array of drugs to make a dull form of a lethal injection. This would work for stopping his heart for quite a while, while still giving his key organs time to function, keeping him alive. His heart would beat dully, so lightly that it would seem he had no pulse. \"Get up!\" Godley called to Abberline who lied face up on a sofa in the drug house. \"Get up.\" He one again urged, Withers standing by his side. Not a single movement, it was working. Godley reached down to examine his pulse. His wrist was cold and not a single thud of blood flow escaped to the surface of his skin indicating life. \"he's dead.\" \"Dead?\" Withers asked horrified. \"Yes.\" Godley said reaching down into the palm of his friend's hand and placing the two coins that he held over his eyes. \"You cannot be serious Sergeant.\" Warren said as he paced his office. \"The Inspector. Commit suicide.\" \"I'm sorry to say it's true.\" \"Good heavens,\" Warren let out, acting as if he had no clue, \"What ever would cause a man of such high rank to do such a ghastly thing.\" \"I just don't know.\" Godley shook his head. \" Sir,\" Withers interrupted as he poked his head into the room, \"what do you want me to do with Inspector Abberline's body?\" \"Hmmm...\" Warren mumbled. \"Well actually sir,\" Godley interrupted his thoughts, \"I was wondering since he was such a good friend of mine if I could possibly arrange his burial.\" \"Yes, yes.\" Warren urged as he shooed Withers out, \"First I need to send him to the morgue.\" \"Well Sergeant Godley,\" the morgue doctor said, \"it seems that he did commit suicide, by the means of an opium overdose. How sad.\" \"Well thank you Mr. Roberts.\" \"My pleasure, anything is better than inspecting the bodies of the Ripper victims.\" he shuddered, \"Well, you may now take the body to bury if you wish.\" Their plan was working out grand, only a few more hours until Abberline would wake up. The coffin was ready, along with a means of transportation to get Abberline out of the country. \"Wow.\" Abberline exclaimed as he tried to rise up, hitting his head on the top of the coffin he was in. \"Oh god, no.\" The top was locked, and he began to panic and he pushed on the lid, it wouldn't budge. \"Shit no.\" He began to push even harder in a desperate effort to release himself. What was happening. Had Warren found out he was alive? Had he been buried under ground? Buried alive! It wouldn't be beyond Warren to do such a thing, and if he knew that he was truly alive, he would also know about Mary. \"GODLEY!\" He cried hoping that he was above ground and within earshot. \"Wha...what.\" Godley snapped awake and heard the frantic banging of the coffin lid. \"Oh god sorry, Fred I'm coming.\" He quickly scurried over to the coffin, unlatching the lock and pulling the coffin lid open. \"Sorry about that Inspector.\" \"Gee...really.\" Abberline huffed, glad to be breathing the fresh air. \"Trying to give me a heart attack Sergeant?\" \"No sir.\" \"Good. I hope not.\" It had been a miracle within itself that they had been able to pull off a believable suicide. And even more so that when they had used ashes to spread in the coffin and said that they were Abberline's remains after cremation. Even Warren believed it. And then, Godley had seen Frederick Abberline for the last time, riding away in a carriage. Godley's own brother, who was a merchant had agreed to help, since he frequently traveled to Ireland, and the two of them had rode off. \"Inspector...inspector.\" Godley snapped back into the present. \"Sir, there is a message waiting for you in Mr. Warren's office.\" \"Ah, yes, thank you Withers.\" \"Dear would you mind putting Alice to sleep?\" \"No not at all.\" Frederick Abberline quickly got up from the chair he had been sitting in and walked over to his wife, picking up their daughter and carrying her to her bedroom. \"Thanks darling. I'm kinda tired me self.\" \"Yea, sure thing.\" He replied, as he placed Alice in her crib. Walking back into the living room, he sat back down and examined the newspaper closely. \"Darling, why do you continue to read the London newspaper?\" Mary laughed as she watched her husband examine the paper closely. \"Just because I can't help it. I like to know what's happening over there.\" Abberline replied. \"Oh yea?\" Mary asked as she took a seat, carefully lowering herself into his lap. \"Be careful.\" He said. \"I know, I know.\" Mary giggled, \"It's just I never been in this situation before, I'm used to moving quickly dear. I'm not used to having a big pregnant stomach.\" She joked. \"Yes, you remind me of that every day.\" he kissed Mary's cheek as she leaned on his chest closing her eyes as she listened to his heart beat. \"So,\" Mary asked, \"what is happening in London today?\" \"Well,\" Abberline replied, \"you have got to be kidding me, Withers has been promoted to Sergeant.\" \"What? Darling who's Withers?\" \"Oh, sorry Mary, he's a complete fool. During the Ripper case...\" he immediately regretted saying anything, as Mary's blue eyes opened and stared up at him, \"Sorry love,\" he apologized., for mentioning the Ripper. \"Oh, its ok, we can't pretend like it never happened eh?\" \"Yeah,\" \"So anyway, about this Wither's,\" Mary closed her eyes again. \"Oh yes, so Withers was a complete fool, and he would constantly talk while I was speaking to the lower ranks, and then he would make comments during those periods of time that were just stupid.\" Abberline remembered as he saw a smile creep onto Mary's lips. \"I suppose he might have disliked me quite a bit on account of the fact that I was pretty young for an Inspector, and that he had to be so low in rank compared to me. I guess people just don't like having to take orders from people the same age as them.\" He laughed. \"Well,\" Mary murmured, \"I might have to agree with half of that statement, on account of the fact that I always though Inspector's were old, grumpy, gray haired men like Mr. Warren, not young, handsome men like you.\" \"Well thank you dear.\" \"You're quite welcome.\" To Be Continued... Authors Note: First of all I want to thank you for reading my story. I hope you like it. I also want to ask that you leave me a review because I love recieving them, they really make my day. And since you've already made it this far as to reading my story, dropping a review and letting me know what you think would be great. ","Summary":" Author: Brighteyes88 Pairing: Abberline/Mary Rating: PG-13 Summary: After faking his own death, Abb"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Run","Author":"serenademysoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4916566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: WARNING! SPOILERS TO THE RIPPER CASE BELOW ... I felt Abberline's death was a powerful sc ene and honestly, I was gagging to write a little more for these two. Welcome to the song-fic. This takes place after 'Not goodbye' and before 'Final chapter' in The Ripper Case. The song is 'Run' by Snow Patrol. 'Until we meet again.' Ichabod whispered. The Inspector was unrespondant where he lay, his face tranquil and lulled of all its spirit. The constable let his hand fall from his face, resting upon Abberline's shoulder. I'll sing it one last time for you Then we really have to go You've been the only thing that's right In all I've done And I can barely look at you But every single time I do I know we'll make it anywhere Away from here The constable released a deep sigh, pressing his shaking lips together to hone back any sobs that wanted to choke out. The hand that was resting on the Inspector's shoulders found a grip, lifting his body upright and the man's head lolling, sweep of chestnut hair falling over that calm face. Ichabod let the Inspector's body fall against him, winding his arms round him and holding onto him desperately. Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say To think I might not see those eyes Makes it so hard not to cry And as we say our long goodbye I nearly do Light up The sargeant hung behind quietly, watching the crestfallen sight before him with a crushed heart. All dignifty and aloofness the constable once had was now briefly lost as he clung to Abberline, clutching him against himself as if he willed hard enough he would hear the bittersweet breath of new life come from him. Though every logical fibre in him argued. All he could smell was the scent of Abberline's hair, all he could see was darkness behind closed eyelids and all he could feel was the once warm, lifeless body of Inspector Abberline. Silently leaning into him. Slower slower We don't have time for that All I want is to find an easier way To get out of our little heads Have heart, my dear We're bound to be afraid Even if it's just for a few days Making up for all this mess ","Summary":" Author's Note: WARNING! SPOILERS TO THE RIPPER CASE BELOW ... I felt Abberline's death was a powerf"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"One Man Can Change History","Author":"Diva-Satanica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2827441","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Short, sweet. ----- Again, a deep breath as her skin is sliced Not to be missed, she didn't have 'so much life ahead of her' A favor really, helping her escape her jaded reality And that's his justice to it For what other true reason would he have? He tries to tell of an evil within those whores But are they any different? Not even a little – it is still life he is stealing But he is not fazed He cannot be now – he must be correct How could anyone ever want to do such horrors to a persons body? Her throat parted and her uterus removed, his job is done Leaving her to death and to be later discovered For he must leave and not be seen He wants to strike fear, and that means anonymity Ah, when he were young And it was all much simpler How did lines become so distorted? Who would wish for such a situation? He would love his role And would forever treasure his power But he knew Knew it wouldn't last forever Which is the reason for his agenda His careful planning of every person time place So now he runs He runs away from his own muse No longer wants to know his doings But it doesn't last long He still envies himself – however possible that be He will not stop Until the end, he will continue on and on The journey must be complete The story must have an end He must give birth to his twentieth century From Hell, I am from – From Hell ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. Short, sweet. ----- Again, a deep breath as her skin is sliced Not to be"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Good Night, Sweet Prince","Author":"Roux Aura","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3956619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Ay, to die \"and go we know not where. To lie in cold obstruction and to rot\" Good night, sweet prince with the coins on your eyes may the ferry man take you away from the pain and the lies you sustained everyday of the memories and days now past You were my dearest friend but your life was not meant to last and now it has all come to an end rest in peace Freddy could I have had no warning you should have lived life more heady and been glad to wake in the morning but instead you drifted on your opium boat seeing things that couldn't be lifted and yet you could not stay afloat Goodnight, sweet prince with coins on your eyes may the ferry man take you away from the pain and the lies ","Summary":" \"Ay, to die \"and go we know not where. To lie in cold obstruction and to rot\" Good night, sweet "},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Stopping Point","Author":"Wicked R","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3791186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Stopping Point Author: WickedRum Disclaimers: If I owned it, it wouldn't have ended like that, for sure! Not to mention real life Chief Inspector Frederick George Abberline died about 30 yeas later and it was no overdose!! Pft! What the hell!? Genre: AU of course/utopia/minific. Set: a few years after the movie ends. Pairing: Abberline/Mary, Abberline/Godley friendship. Summary: Godley is assigned to carry through one of Prince Albert's secret dying wishes. Fortunate for him, he has some clues from the past as to where to find little Alice. Rating: PG. \"Did you know that Statia is home to a perfectly formed extinct volcano two thousand feet high and that you can walk down into the crater?\" Asked Godley's chance travel companion he shared a cabin with for the last few days, the archaeologist, before shaking his hand when parting. He was trying his luck for the last time to get the London inspector interested in some other things as well than whatever semiofficial business he was there for. \"I'm just going to find the Catholic church, that's all,\" Godley assured him. \"Gallow's Bay's the right place for it,\" the doctor in archeology gave him his last advice, pointing up to the hill in front of the harbor, \"maybe you'll have to climb after all.\" Godley sighed and for a moment contemplated if there was any way going round the issue of climbing that so called hill, more like mountain, and that after coming all the way across the Atlantic and the Caribbean to this dutch island of St. Eustatius. Of course, there was no one else to do it, no matter how he wished it would be. He had to talk to this priest who'd forwarded a letter from Mary Kelly a few years back, unfortunately after the death of his friend and superior Frederick Abberline. He wondered if he could read the letter he would've still overdosed on purpose, ready for the ferryman with those coins. If he was alive, it would've been sure His Royal Highness Price Albert would've asked for him for the mission and now he could meet his precious Mary. But no, it had to be him who had to endanger himself with all this money Prince Albert gave him on his deathbed. It was a substantial amount, so much he didn't even dare to think about it and he could've just disappeared with it all, he could've even kept the chief inspector job he received after Abberline's death, not to raise suspicion. Nobody knew about the money and nobody knew about where he was off to, the price was the only one, now dead, he didn't want no trouble for his little daughter, he couldn't make this child official, but he wanted her financially secure for her whole life. Godley couldn't say he didn't think about just taking the money, but his conscience didn't let him do so, not to mention that he felt he owed that much to Abberline's memory, to what the inspector was trying to achieve. Sweaty and out of puff, he reached the cemetery walls, a little dark haired boy was playing with some stones next to it. \"Hey, child! Do you speak English?\" \"Frederick, come to your mother, right now!\" The voice made Godley turn around his axis and face a woman stepping out from a small, but well kept white house next to the church. Mary Kelly, looking as young and fresh as ever. He arrived to destination. Alice could not be very far either. \"I mean no harm, believe me Mary, do you remember me? I trust Abberline spoke good of me,\" he tried to convince her not to fear his presence, not missing that her son was called Frederick, undoubtedly after the late inspector Mary and Alice could've thanked their lives for. \"Of course,\" Mary smiled at him, \"it's you! Please come in. It's a long way to come, though,\" she started to question him about the purpose of his visit. \"Please sit, excuse the disorder, I've just given birth to a little girl two days ago and yet didn't have much time to deal with the pans,\" she popped her head into the other room, \"oh, no, Freddie, Freddie, come on out, how many times I told you not to smoke in the baby's room? You'll end up setting it on fire one of these times!\" She took her husband by hand and pulled him out the room. It was hard to say which man's surprise was the greatest. Godley, who just sat down, jumped up again, \"Abberline?\" He hyperventilated, gulped and his eyes ran the length of him. He too, looked as if he hadn't aged one bit, if he didn't look younger even. His lively dark eyes sparkled from behind his long hair, he had never seen him so spirited and sun kissed before. Was it really the same person? \"I thought you were dead. I established you were dead. Shew! You really had me, you rotter.\" \"I was just hoping you wouldn't order a postmortem examination,\" Abberline smiled, \"I was trying to make sure you can establish the cause of death without that.\" \"But how?\" \"I had a good knowledge of drugs and their exact effects you see,\" he winked at him and strolled to the table casually and motioned him to sit down, \"wine? It's my own make, the hills around here are really good for that.\" \"Is that what you do these days?\" \"That,\" Abberline poured him some out the bottle, \"and some of this,\" he took hold of Mary's hand and pulled it closer to kiss it. \"So, dear chief inspector Godley, good news or bad?\" The End. ","Summary":" Title: Stopping Point Author: WickedRum Disclaimers: If I owned it, it wouldn't have ended like tha"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"My Name is Jack","Author":"dunwulf-z","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3073479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All characters are not mine and most content did not come from my head, but someone elses.rnI don't take credit for it's creation, just a slight twist. Irnmake absolutely no claim to any of the intellectual properties. Irnthink it's all owned my 20th Century Fox et. al. I also don'trnthink anything too offense is contained herein, just some mention ofrndrug use and hint of violence. MY NAME IS JACK Actually my name isrnFormer Inspector Fredrick Aberline, and I will tell whose name isrnJack. I was the lead Inspector on the Ripper case. I knowrnthat I currently close to my final curtain call; thus I write thisrnfinal journal. During the Ripper case I had visions, which wasn't terribly different from my sorncalled normal life after my wife's death. The difference beingrnthat these were much more clear, defined, and accurate. After my wife'srndeath, I began a study of the reproduction processes of the female,rnand I learn quite a bit. I suppose I was trying to make some sensernof her death and the death of my son. It did not help, in fact,rnnothing did. Only when I was chasing the Dragon did I seem to getrnany relief, even though it was only numbness. Still, numbness wasrnbetter than the constant pain. However, I havernsomewhat digressed, back to my visions. As I said, they wererndifferent than the usual. Firstly, I never saw any vision of thernfirst woman attributed to the Ripper ; my visions had startedrnwith the second woman found. There may be the answer into who the Ripper was. When I was called tornthe first victim, being dragged from the Den by the good Sergeant, Irnwas surprised. Not surprised that he'd come and got me, that wasrnexpected due to my vision, but because the victim was a differentrnwoman. I shan't have to wait long for my visions to come true,rnthough. Most are familiar withrnthe Ripper's crimes and case, so I will dispense with thernmundane and familiar details. While it is true that Sir William, thernroyal surgeon did kill some Unfortunates, namely the first victimrnattributed to the Ripper , he did not kill the rest of the Ripper's victims. Yes, he did kill other Unfortunates, butrnthese he dragged back to his private surgery room and disposed ofrnquite sufficiently. It is also true that the Prince had syphilis,rncontracted from a whore, and that he'd a marriage with one at arncatholic ceremony. All this is true. It is also true that hisrnsecret wife was later abducted by the Secret Agency my Kidney and putrninto an asylum after having her frontal lobe removed. What changes in thisrnstory is who killed the other five Ripper victims. When I metrnthe group of Unfortunates at the funeral, all of which would later bernvictims, I wasn't all that impressed by any of them, except thernIrish, Mary Kelley. She was much prettier than the rest, and she hadrnshining red hair. However, none of them were particularly helpful,rnto include Mary. When they scorned me, and ridiculed the police, myrnanger boiled. Not a normal anger, either, but something darker, morerndangerous. It is often referred to as the Wrath of the Dragon. Thisrnis probably a bit of surprise new to most, since most people neverrnsaw me angered; and probably though I almost never was. That night I went backrnto the Den. When I awoke from my stupor, I was at home, in the bath.rnI gathered my Absinth and Laudanum to have a drink. I fell asleeprnin my bath, and dreamt of my wife. I would come to realize that thisrnwas the pattern. I didn't know thesernthings until after the death of Mary Kelley, though. Evidently, whatrnever beast had arisen in me, the Dragon as I would say, if finallyrnlet me in on the joke. Those women, those Unfortunates, thosernwhores; they were not a part of some royal conspiracy. No, indeed,rnthey were just a group of unfortunates. When I came to thatrnknowledge, I told the Sergeant that there was a conspiracy and thatrnthe royal surgeon was the Ripper . I then told him that MaryrnKelley had escaped to Ireland and was waiting for me; I even had arnlovely letter to fool him with. When the Chief told me they would bernwatching me, in front of the Sergeant no less, that fit quite neatlyrninto my conspiracy story. In fact, they were watching me, to seernthat my little habit didn't spread any further. They allowed thatrnthe murders go unsolved because the victims were just a handful ofrnUnfortunates. I was allowed to go on, because I knew of the Prince'srndiversions, and Sir Williams queer activities; which found him in thernasylum, also missing a frontal lobe, though. Also, I was allowed torngo on because of my minor celebrity from the Ripper case, andrnwas even promised a promotion for my silence. I was indeed promoted,rntoo, but was given a medical pension and retired within the year, andrnretired. So, then, what is myrnpoint? Simply put….. I AM JACK THE RIPPER! ","Summary":" All characters are not mine and most content did not come from my head, but someone elses.rnI don't"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Surviving the Wilderness","Author":"Villains' Bad Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11179684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey-O! I promised I would be back if I thought of anything, didn't I? Enjoy! Kristy had just set the triplets down to sleep. Times were difficult in Thorn Valley. Lately there had been predators who had been trying to come into the valley. Predators that posed a threat to the rats. They had already fought off snakes, now they were faced with something more deadly. Justin had taken the valley's best fighters to guard the borders. \"Oh, Justin\", Kristy said looking down. \"Please protect us. Protect the boys.\" She looked over to Evan's empty bed knowing how brave he must've been fighting along side his father. Kristy opened the shutters to of the window, looking out over the valley. It was so quiet. The lights from other homes were lit, showing the rats in their homes in peace. Kristy looked up at the bordering mountain where Justin and the boys were. She put her hands together in a prayer for her family's safe return. \"Please come home safe to me...\" She gasped as she heard the alarm go off. Thorn valley was under attack. All of the lights in the valley were turned off for their safety as a flock of owls were seen in the sky. Kristy gasped in fear, worried for the boys. There was nothing she could do now. She closed the shutters and shut off the light, leaving her and the girls in the darkness. Justin, along with Brutus, Evan, Tim, Martin and other rats were fighting a flock of owls that were trying to invade the valley. They couldn't let any of the owls into the valley, knowing they would eat them all, but it was hard with the owls in the air and the rats on the ground. Tim and Martin were using new weapons they made themselves to fight off the owls. Justin was using bolas to try and bring the owls down, but getting the ropes to wrap around their wings. Evan was using a bow and arrows, hoping that it would at least help slow down the owls enough for the others to bring them down. \"Dad, there's so many!\" Evan said trying to chose an owl to aim for. \"Don't use that as an excuse to give up!\" Justin said throwing a bola at an owl. The stones at the end of the rope swung around the owl, making the rope wrap around it. Evan fired his arrow, hitting an owl in the bottom of its foot. The owl screeched in pain and lowered itself to the ground, giving Tim and Martin the opportunity to fire their onager, launching spears at the owl. \"What did I tell you, hero?\" Martin asked patting Tim. \"Nothing to it.\" \"You're right\", Tim said. \"It is just a giant slingshot.\" \"Talk about that later, boys\", Justin said throwing another bola. As the rats fought the flock of owls, no one noticed the owl perched on the top of the mountain. The owl rolled his eyes as he watched. None of these owls were doing what he wanted. Then again, if you wanted something done right, you had to do it yourself. The owl spread his wings and swooped down toward the rats. He knew which one was the main target. \"Dad, look out!\" Evan yelled. Justin turned to see what Evan was pointing at and gasped when an owl wrapped his foot around him, carrying him off into the air. \"Dad!\" Justin gasped as he felt the owl tighten his grip around him. He reached his hand as best as he could to his belt. He managed to get a grip onto his sword and pulled it out as best as he could. The owl screeched in pain as he felt the sharp metal and released Justin. \"DAD!\" Evan yelled as he watched his father fall from the sky.[Chapter 2] The sound of owls screeching echoed throughout Thorn Valley. It was almost haunting. There almost seemed to be no more signs of battle. What had happened? Kristy opened the shutters to see the owls flying over the valley. \"Mom!\" She gasped as she saw one of the owls carry Evan in his claws. Where was Justin? Everyone in the valley concerned about what was going on started opening their doors and their shutters, looking outside. The owl carrying Evan landed on top of the Brisby statues. \"Low-life rats of Thorn Valley!\" he addressed. \"I am Aeris…and I am the new leader of this valley.\" The rats looked at each other and chattered in fear and confusion. What did he mean the new leader? What was going on? Kristy stepped forward glaring at him. \"Who are you to say you're the new leader?\" she asked. \"My husband will drive you out of this place.\" Evan looked down sad. He said nothing to defend his mother's words. Kristy looked at him worried. Where was Justin? Why weren't these owls dealt with if he was still around? \"Where's Justin?\" Kristy asked. Tim and Martin looked away unable to speak while the owl just smirked. Evan looked down as he cried. Kristy looked around scared. \"Justin!\" she called. \"Dad, gave it all he could...\" Evan said struggling to talk. \"Mom, you got to believe me, we did everything we can to help him.\" \"Where is he?\" Kristy asked beginning to lose her composure. Tim and Martin began to cry. They couldn't look at their aunt like this. Tears came to her eyes as she began to realize what Evan was saying. \"Where?\" she repeated. \"He's gone, mom...the owl...dropped him from the sky. All we found was his sword...\" Aeris smirked as he tossed Justin's sword to the ground. Tears freely fell from Kristy's eyes as she picked up the sword. She couldn't believe it. Justin couldn't be dead, he was stronger than that. \"Justin...\" she cried softly. Aeris watched her amused and looked down at the mice and rats looking down in disbelief. They didn't want to believe their leader was dead. The other owls looked at him, waiting for him to say something. \"You monster!\" Kristy yelled as she got up. \"I'll kill you!\" She swung her sword as she ran toward Aeris. He screeched at her and released Evan from his grip. Aeris grabbed Kristy and flew up high into the air. \"Would you like to join your precious Justin?\" he asked holding her high above the valley. She looked down scared. As much as she wanted to die to be with Justin, she had to hold out hope that he was still alive. Not just that, she still had the children to take care. With Justin gone, she was now the overseer of the valley. When Kristy didn't answer, Aeris smirked as he landed on the ground. \"That's what I thought\", he said. \"Now, unless you want to end up like him, you will all do as I say. Thorn Valley is mine now.\"[Chapter 3] Justin coughed weakly as he laid by the side of the river. He opened his eyes to see the sun shining down on him. The last thing he remembered was fighting with the owls. One of them dropped him from the sky. Luckily, the wind blew him down toward the river, landing in the water instead of on the ground. The river had swept Justin away in its strong currents. Justin sat up and looked around trying to figure out where he was. Nothing looked familiar, indicating he was no longer in the valley. He sighed trying to figure out what to do. It was morning, so most of the forest's predators were settling down to sleep until night. Justin sighed as he remembered the owls. \"Kristy…\" He had to get back to Thorn Valley as fast as he could. He had to protect his people. Justin's stomach growled, making him sigh. It was just one problem on top of another. Justin's ears perked up as he heard a noise up ahead. He climbed up on top of a rock to see what was close by. A bear. The bear smiled as she watched her young cub tumble around, playing in the early morning. The baby bear turned in Justin's direction and smiled as it started running toward him. Justin turned and ran with the young bear chasing after him. He would fight the bear if needed, but this was just a cub. He couldn't hurt a baby animal. Justin dove into the roots of a tree, trying to reach a space too small for the bear to reach. Only problem was the roots were too thick for him to get through. \"Mama!\" the cub called out. \"Mama, look!\" The bear reached his claws out, trying to get Justin. He gulped as the claw cut at his shirt. He was trapped with no way to scare the bear off. The mother bear walked toward her cub and Justin, the ground shaking with every step she took. \"What's this, Mama?\" the cub asked. The bear looked at Justin and pressed her nose into the roots, sniffing him out. Justin dug his fingers into the wood as his fur stood. He was going to get sucked into the bear's nostrils. \"Why, it's a rat!\" she exclaimed surprised. \"I didn't know there were rats out here.\" \"Can I eat it?\" the cub asked. \"You caught it\", she smiled. \"You may have it for breakfast.\" The cub smiled as he reached his claws into the roots, trying to get Justin. The mother bear watched proudly. Justin gasped as the cub's claws hooked into his shirt. Just as the cub lifted him out of the roots, the mother bear growled in pain. \"Mama?\" the cub gasped. Justin looked down to see the mother bear running around, rubbing against the trees. The cub watched her amused until he roared in pain. Justin fell from the cub's claws as he ran off. \"Mama!\" he cried. \"Mama, it hurts!\" \"Hey, you okay?\" a voice asked. Justin looked up to see the source of a voice. A porcupine…was it friendly or an enemy? ","Summary":" Hey-O! I promised I would be back if I thought of anything, didn't I? Enjoy! Kristy had just set th"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Secret of NIMH: Jonathon Alive","Author":"StrawberryCatclaws","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9884346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello there readers! I hope you enjoy this oneshot of one of my favorite childhood films. I often wonder what kind of character Jonathon was, and so I wrote this. If this story gets enough love, I can try to make an entire re-adaptation of the movie. But only if enough people ask. Otherwise It will be left a oneshot. Enjoy, The Secret of NIMH: Jonathon Alive. Jonathon Brisby was wounded today, helping out with the Plan. It's been four years since our departure from NIMH, and our world is changing... we cannot stay here much longer. Jonathon is a dear friend to the rats of NIMH. But your wife, she knows nothing of us. Perhaps it is best I do nothing at the present moment... but watch. \"Oh Jonathon! How could you have done something so stupid!\" Elizabeth cried. \"Dragon could have killed you today!\" The grey mouse with brown spots chortled uneasily. \"Tis but a scratch, my dear!\" Jonathon said in a mock-cocky tone. He laughed at the ire in his wife's eyes. She was a sweet and timid creature, but even she another side to her. He loved her for it. Elizabeth gaped. \"A scratch - you call this a scratch ! Jonathon Brisby, so help me, if you ever go into that house ever again,\" Jonathon hushed her with a finger. \"Now, now dear,\" he tried. She swatted his hand away. \"Oh, don't you say a thing to me, Jonathon! You are staying in bed until that 'scratch' heals. By god, he could have taken your leg off!\" She shook her head, wrapping the bandages tightly. Jonathon flinched. \"A-ah! That's a bit tight!\" The lovely mouse turned a deaf ear to her whining husband. \"Mm-hm. It's for your own good, my dear.\" Jonathon pouted and crossed his arms. \"I feel like like my opinion has suddenly lost credit in this house.\" He blew some hair strands out of his face in his hissy-fit. Elizabeth reached her arm and brushed his hair to the side in one sweeping motion. \"Well, if maybe you didn't act like Martin's age, I'd be more inclined to listen to reasoning. Why did you go into that house? You know the dangers of it.\" The male shrugged. \"Oh you know, just wanted to get more food for the kids. And with Timothy so sick, I wanted to see if I could find something that could help.\" Jonathon expertly lied. He didn't like doing it, at least not to his wife of all people. 'If I want to protect her, I must do all I can to keep my other life a secret.' He thought sadly. Elizabeth Brisby shook her head. \"Oh Jonathon. I know you care about this family, but what if you actually died today? What do you think would happen to us? We would be so lost without you.\" She said grievously. It was evident in her voice, she was still shaken by the possible alternate outcome. Jonathon couldn't help but feel guilt swell up inside him. 'Oh Jonathon, now looks what you've done.' He scolded himself harshly. 'Damn NIMH, making this so difficult.' His eyes softened. 'But it is also my fault as well...' He opened his mouth to try to create sentiments with his wife, but found she was already across the block, wrapping her cloak around herself. His mouth floundered like a fish out of water. \"H-h-honey! Wh-where are you going, deary?\" \"I'm going to see Mr. Ages. He knows how to make medicine.\" She said briskly. \"Jonathon, don't you dare leave this house.\" She said in a warning tone. \"I don't want you more hurt than you are now. And it doesn't help, Timothy is getting worse.\" He saluted her. \"Yes ma'am!\" He quickly replaced his complacent attitude, with a more demure one, when she put her hands on her hips irascibly. He quickly laid down on the bed, pulling the covers over himself. He coughed. \"I mean - uh - Yes ma'am...\" he said, his eyes swiftly meeting hers, then looking away fearfully. Mrs. Brisby gave a stern nod before facing away and leaving their cinder-block-house.[Chapter 2] The Secret of NIMH: Jonathan Alive I decided I would continue this story. Keep in mind, I am in college, so that will obviously be more important than fanfiction. A big thanks to my first reviewer for telling about my spelling error! I had no idea I was spelling Jonathan wrong the whole time! XD I checked the correct spelling on the web and hopefully I broke my habit of spelling it wrong. I will leave the first chapter alone, just people can see my mistakes. I hope you enjoy this fanfic-adaption of the Secret of NIMH! \"Mr. Ages! Mr. Ages? Is anybody home!\" Elizabeth shouted into the fuming threshing-machine. She was greeted with a cranky, echoey, \"Go away!\" Mrs. Brisby slowly slid into the entrance of the machine. She cautiously eyed one of the sharp, metal spikes on her decent. \"Mr. Ages!\" \"What is it!\" It sounded like he bumped his head. \"Mr. Ages!\" She said with a bit more force. \"May I please speak to you!\" \"What!?\" Elizabeth looked down a dark chute and shouted. \"I said, may I please speak-\" she gasped as the old mouse had climbed up from the platform behind her, coughing up fumes. \"-with you...\" She pressed a hand to her heart in relief. \"Oh, thank goodness. I'm so glad you're home.\" Mr. Ages hacked a bit more, taking off his glasses to rub the smoke off of them. \"Confounded machine! You never know when it's gonna up and blow!\" He said aggravated. \"Yes.\" She quickly agreed with him. \"I don't suppose you would remember me.\" \"Yes, yes. You're Mrs. Brisby.\" He said bearishly. He looked at his cleaned glasses. \"Now if you'll excuse me.\" He ducked back under the platform. \"Mr. Ages!\" She cried after him. \"Great Jupiter women! What do you want!\" He shouted in a cranky-sort of whine. She turned quickly, as he had appeared on the other side of the platform. \"Mr. Ages, I know you don't like visitors, but this is an emergency, please.\" As if on cue, the machine rattled, startling the mice. Mr. Ages fell and rolled down the thresher like a slide, falling over the edge. Elizabeth quickly chased after with mouse-like grace. She peered over the edge to see the elder mouse laying on a basket, held up by a rope system. \"Ma-\" He coughed. \"Madame, that is an emergency!\" Elizabeth shook her head. \"Oh, Mr. Ages. My son Timothy is so sick, and Jonathan is in bad condition as well.\" Mr. Ages pulled the rope, making the basket rise. \"Timmy? The one with the spider bite? Just give him some pepsissiwa root and-\" Elizabeth grabbed him by his shirt. \"No! No, he's sick with a fever!\" He sighed, exasperated with the mother. \"Well, I guess I could fix something up for him. And your husband too.\" The brown farm mouse clasped her heart. \"Oh, thank you!\" \"Follow me, but don't touch anything!\" He said in grouchy warning. \"Understand?\" She nodded, climbing into the basket. . Jonathan sighed. He wasn't sure how to react. The Plan had gone without a hitch, meaning the time for moving day was near. Drugging Dragon had been his mission, and he almost payed for it with his life. 'It'll be worth it. ' He thought. Thorn Valley was almost in fruition. The rats wouldn't have to live in fear of humans any longer! But he couldn't leave his family behind. How could he suddenly explain the last three-and-a-half years of their relationship? He had constantly lied to her, to the point it felt almost normal! To just suddenly blurt out the truth would just be... be... \"She would hate me forever... and she would have every right too.\" He murmured into the sheets. He inhaled. They smelled like her. 'No... I can't tell her the truth . It would ruin everything.' He exhaled, getting drunk off her scent. '... but she will notice... she'll grow old, and I... will stay young, along with the kids.' He burrowed his face in the sheets dejectedly. \"Oh, what have I done... we're married with four kids, and yet she still thinks I'm solely a farm mouse. I am such a fool! \" He raised his head, looking towards the make-shift door. \"I have dug my own grave. Now it is only a matter of time before I'm pushed into it.\" The depressed mouse sighed, then shifted onto his back. \"No use lamenting over it.\" He tested his leg, seeing if he could move it without inflicting pain. No dice. \"Augh!\" He muffled his cry into the pillow, as to not alert the kids. 'Nope. No use trying to walk out. I could never run out to see Nicodemus then come back. She'd be here before I could even limp even remotely close to the rosebush.' He groaned. ' And then I'd be in real trouble with her.' Rolling onto his back once more, Jonathan relaxed his muscles and let out a deep breath. 'May as well get some sleep...' . Elizabeth walked down the path to home. The old mouse had given her medicine to bring down Timothy's fever, and help Jonathan cope with the pain of his leg. She walked into a log, but her ears twitched, hearing something ahead. A crow flapped uselessly against the red string he was tangled up in. The mouse couldn't help her curiosity and climbed up the log. She laid her medicine packets on some of the caught string and looked down at the thwarted bird. She couldn't help but smile in amusement. \"Is everything alright, here?\" She almost giggled. The crow let out panicked cries before realizing it was just a mouse. \"Lady! Don't sneak up on me like that!\" \"I didn't mean to frighten you.\" Elizabeth said apologetically. \"Oh, uh. You didn't frighten me. You just, uh, broke my concentration!\" He excused himself. \"It looks like your all tangled up!\" Mrs. Brisby responded to the bird, starting to untangle the knots. The bird climbed up. \"Uh, yeah! That's enough exercise for one day!\" He chuckled sheepishly. \"Besides, I'm really after this terrific string!\" He said enthusiastically. \"I'm working on a love nest for two.\" He snickered. \"You know what I mean?\" \"Oh I see,\" She pulled some string from his foot.\"you have a girl.\" \"Well,\" He started, shaking some tangled string off. \"not really. I mean, I haven't found miss right, yet. But when I do,\" He got up, dramatically, swooning against the string. \" The whole world, will hear us singing !\" He fell backwards into the water. Elizabeth watched the eccentric bird climb back up apologizing to no one. \"You keep making all that noise, and Dragon will hear you!\" She warned him. She kinda liked him. He was sort of an oddball, but he was quite humorous. Now if only he could stay quiet for just a minute. \"If he hasn't already...\" \"But wouldn't you sing too, if you felt the call of the world!\" \"I would-\" She lowered her voice. \"I would not, if I knew there was a cat nearby.\" She bit the string with her sharp teeth. \"But she's out there! Somewhere! And when I find her, I'll feel it! Way down in my wishbone! I ah - what cat?\" \"Dragon.\" She said in a low voice. \"He belongs to Farmer Fitzgibbons. Look towards the house. See if you can see him.\" The crow flies onto the logs dead branch, causing the mouse to shriek in fear. \"C-come back down here! He'll see you for sure!\" \"Hey! Is that your relatives over there?\" He asked. \"What?\" Elizabeth, out of curiosity, climbed the string to where the crow was. True to his word, there were rodents near the Fitzgibbons house. But they weren't mice but... rats! Mrs. Brisby shook her head. \"N... no... I'm not a rat, I'm a mouse...\" She continued to watch, as a small patrol of rats entered the house one-by-one from a house under the houses front door. \"Why would a group of rats want to go inside?\" She asked herself. Suddenly the black bird flew down from the branch and pecked at the string. \"There's no cat out there. Not that it mattered! I'm allergic to cats, I'd be sneezing my brains out if there was one nearby. Hey, by the way, I'm Jeremy!\" He said enthusiastically. Mrs. Brisby still felt off about what she saw, she almost ignored him. \"Yes... Oh! I'm Mrs. Brisby! It's very nice to meet you, Jeremy!\" She said politely, while biting the strings. The crow shook the excess string off of him. \"Thanks!\" He flapped his wings, gathered the cut string in his talons. \"You did me a real favor!\" \"Oh, your welcome.\" The she-mouse replied. She picked up pack of medicine and started climbing down the log. \"Goodbye!\" \"W-wait a minute!\" He tripped and fell into the water again. \"s'cuse me, pardon me!\" He climbed himself onto a stone. \"Do you like me!\" \"Of course I like you. Bye now.\" She hopped the stones. \"No! I mean, uh... you don't think I'm clumsy or anything?\" The mouse stopped on the rock and faced him. \"If you want to father a nest, you'll need to learn how to properly treat a lady!\" She informed. The bird flapped the water out of his wings, ruffling his feathers. \"You're right! And when you're right, you're right! And you're right!\" He paused for a moment. \"Say, you used to be a girl once. You could teach me too... teach me too...\" \"Behave yourself?\" She filled in. She hopped off the stone and into the edge of the tall grass. \"I'm not that bad!\" He defended himself. \"Jeremy, I really need to get home now.\" \"Ooh! Let me fly you home! We can talk on the way.\" She shook her head. \"Oh, no, no! I'm afraid of heights.\" He followed after her into the grass. \"Okay! We'll walk then.\" \"Bye now.\" No dice, the crow trailed her steps. \"I think I got real potential! Girls like the athletic type, right?\" \"Jeremy, your stepping on my tail.\" \"Oh! Excuse me, pardon me!\" . Jonathan woke up in his bed. His internal clock telling him it was late. He felt himself worry, as his wife wasn't home in bed with him. 'Visiting Mr. ages and coming back couldn't take so long... unless something happened to deter her from coming home.' He stretched his bandaged leg, testing it. \"Still hurts, but I can manage.\" He got out of bed and limped for a stick. Using it as a crutch, he balanced himself. His ears pricked up at the sound of an argument. \"Spoiled brat!\" \"Loud mouth!\" Jonathan rubbed his temples. \"And once more... they are at it again.\" He shook his head. While he wasn't a fan of Auntie Shrew's pompous behavior, he wished Martin would learn to tolerate it, as he did. 'Better do something before the damage is done.' He stepped out of his room, to see Auntie Shrew falling down the steps, and the children giggling. 'Too late.' He smacked his palm against his face. He opened his mouth to reprimand his son. \"Martin!\" Elizabeth called out. \"Auntie Shrew! What's going on?\" She asked worriedly. \"Indeed!\" The shrew huffed, walking past her. \"Please, come back inside.\" The gentle mouse offered. \"Not for a King's ransom!\" Auntie Shrew pointed her cane accusing at Martin. \"I just have one thing to say; that child is a brat!\" \"Yes, I will speak to him.\" Elizabeth tried to console. Auntie Shrew nonchalantly shrugged off her words. \"I came to inform you, the frost is off the ground and moving day is at hand. Prepare to move your very, very odd family. Good day!\" She turned and waddled off, mumbling obscenities under her breath. \"Martin.\" Jonathan said his name in a strict tone. The young mouse flinched, looking at his father nervously. \"Y-yeah dad?\" The lab mouse walked up the stairs with his make-shift walking cane. Then he looked back down. \"We're going to have a talk. Come on.\" The young mouse sighed dejected and followed after his old man. He knew what was coming. \"... yes dad...\" Mr. Brisby gave a nod at his wife. \"Give Timothy his medicine, I'll be back after I'm done disciplining our son.\" Martin scuffled his foot against a pebble. \"I'm sorry.\" He said meekly. Elizabeth patted his shoulder. \"Don't be too harsh, you know he means well.\" She gently implied, then walked down the steps to make Timothy his soup. Jonathan watched the lithe form of his wife gracefully step down the stairs. She was such a beautiful creature, and he felt himself so lucky to have her. His mind drifted to earlier. To how he would age slowly... she would never see the kids grow up. 'Kids!' He remembered what he was doing. He looked down to see his eldest son. Martin twiddled his thumbs in guilt, nervously waiting to be scolded. \"Come along. We need to talk about that behavior of yours.\" Jonathan walked into the grass for a quiet place to talk to his son. \"Yes dad.\" He responded dolefully, tailing his father into the quiet brush. I hope you enjoyed reading! Remember to review, as that makes me less lazy and more likely to write more![Chapter 3] Secret of NIMH: Jonathan Alive I decided to give this chapter to you guys early. Why? Because I don't know when I'll be updating next. Probably in January at earliest. I have my final exams coming up, and some last-minute Christmas shopping to pull off! So enjoy this chapter, since it'll be the last for awhile. Mrs. Brisby poured the steaming broth from the tiny teapot into two bowls. She gently put it down and poured the packets of medicine into them. She left Jonathan's bowl on the table, and took her son's to his room. Timothy laid in bed, very thin. His breathing was raspy and very uneven. He barely registered that his mother was there, but he recognized her beautiful lullaby. Elizabeth took a spoonful of soup, cooled it under her breath and fed it to him. \" Dream by night, wish by day. Love begins this way .\" Little Cynthia peeked over the end of the bed, watching her brother pitifully sip the soup he was given. \" Night's a friend, with love to send, each new day. Bless your heart, bless your soul. Let your dreams come true. \" A scolded Martin walks in, his hands behind his back. He watched his little brother drink. Thoughts of being reprimanded fled, seeing his brother so helpless in bed. \" Future songs and flying dreams, wait for you... \" . Jonathan sighed wistfully, hearing his wife's lovely voice. The mouse couldn't help but smile, intoxicated with how much he loved her. She was just so perfect in his mind. He blew his soup, cooling it before drinking from the bowl in one gulp. \"Is Timmy gonna die?\" He spat it all out upon those words, covering the table in spitted broth. He heard his wife respond to their youngest daughter. \"No sweetheart. He's just very sick.\" \"What's the matter with him?\" \"Mr. Ages called it... pneumonia.\" \"Pneumonia...\" Teresa repeated in question. Jonathan ceased his eavesdropping in favor of cleaning up the mess he made. He felt fear crawl in his heart. It was just possible that they might lose their youngest son. He shook his head. Any day now, the plow would come to wreck their home! Timothy can't afford the risk of catching a chill - he would surely die! \"I can't let that happen...\" He said to himself quietly. \"But how...\" As if suddenly struck by lightening, it hit him. An idea slowly formed in his clever and analytically wired mind. He knew what he had to do... he just needed to find a way to do it... . Elizabeth Brisby shuffled in her soft bed. She had just finished giving Timothy a soup with Mr Ages healing powder. She could only hope her son would feel better in time, before the farmer was ready to plow the fields bare for his crops. They needed to be on their way to their summer home in the forest by that time, or their would be trouble. She pawed at the sheets, hoping to feel her loving husband. She opened her tired eyes, adjusting to the darkness, and looking about. \"Honey?\" She said in just a slightly raised voice - she didn't want to wake the children of course. \"Come to bed, dear.\" She felt herself missing his warmth. The bed felt so cold with loneliness without his presence to guide her to flying dreams. \"I'll be there in a minute, love.\" Was the soft, caressing call of her lover. Elizabeth couldn't help the giddy smile that touch her fluffy, rosy cheeks. He had such a strong, young, handsome voice. She could feel herself falling in love with him all over again. The mouse in question waddled into the room with his Moses-like stick-cane. \"Hello.\" He said in such a light, airy tone. \"Hi.\" She breathlessly replied to her goofy husband. \"Are you coming to bed, deary?\" \"Well, unless you want me to sleep to the floor.\" He joked. \"Just come to bed.\" Elizabeth said, playfully exasperated. Jonathan complied immediately. \"But of course, milady.\" He placed his cane to the side of the wall near the bed, then carefully slid into the sheets. He wrapped an arm around his mate and held her intimately close. \"Miss me, my sweet cherry?\" She snuggled even closer and inhaled a smell that was just undeniably him. She fingered his woolly chest, curling the strands around her slim digits. \"I would always miss you, sweetheart.\" She giggled like a school girl. He tilted her chin, to look into her deep blue eyes. \"Sweet sun and moon, how did I end up with such a perfect being for a wife?\" He said softly. \"One would think you were just a figment of my imagination.\" He joked. Elizabeth turned her face out his hand. \"Oh stop!\" She blushed. He nuzzled her neck - a ticklish spot. \"It's true.\" He breathed against her skin. Without her notice, his eyes dimmed with sadness. \"... you could have had better than me...\" Not catching the sudden change in demeanor, Elizabeth reached out and ticked his stomach. This caught him off guard, and loud guffaws came pouring out of his mouth. He quickly tried to muffle himself with one hand, while trying to fend her off with the other. \"S-s-s-sh-shtaw-stop! Mercy! Please!\" In an airy queen-like huff, Mrs. Brisby crossed her arms. \"Your just desserts for getting out of bed.\" \"Oh come on!\" He defended. \"I was just checking on the kids!\" Elizabeth made a mock-thinking face. \"Hmm...\" She shook her head. \"Nope! Doesn't count.\" He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her in. \"Oh, you sneaky little rat you are.\" He said in an almost dark tone. A memory clicked in her mind. \"... rats... Oh, Jonathan. I saw rats today.\" Jonathan felt his blood run as cold as ice. \"W-wh-what...\" Mrs. Brisby tapped her chin, remembering. \"... there was this crow, tangled in string. I helped him, and wile doing so, we saw rats doing something strange.\" Jonathan gulped. \"S-strange?\" She gave a firm nod. \"Yes. They were sneaking inside the farmers house. I don't understand why, I mean, Dragon's in there. I know rats are bigger than mice, but no rat is in any league with a full grown cat! What could have been so important, that they needed to sneak inside?\" \"Food?\" Jonathan tried. Elizabeth shook her head. \"No. The woods are just over the fence. Finding food shouldn't be a problem since spring is here.\" Jonathan nervously chuckled. \"I think your thinking too much over it. Rats are just rats, nothing more, nothing less. Lets just get some sleep now.\" Elizabeth couldn't help but feel a nagging suspicion, that those rats were up to something. But she was very tired, and decided to let sleep win this round. She could think about it, first thing tomorrow morning... Thank you for reading! If you like my story, review it! Tell me what you like, dislike, or just your opinion on the movie in general! Reviews make me a happy camper, and inspires me to write more! ","Summary":" Hello there readers! I hope you enjoy this oneshot of one of my favorite childhood films. I often w"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Without Much Choice A Point To Mice's Reincarnation","Author":"4fireking","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12135066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 4fireking here telling you I am happy to post this chapter even though I did it without any help from a coauthor or that I only watched critics reviewing the sequel to the best Don Bluth movie. I hope to live long enough to write this story the way I wanted it to be written and I thank everyone who offer support for future chapters. Near the city of Nimh there was another black cloud and when a black cloud is shown rain fall is imminent. Martin who was a mouse and a young furry rascal now known to get scared was watching the clouds: a bunch of scary eyes and falling tear drops. He wanted to get higher so he could show himself he wasn't just lucky. A lightning storm nearly killed him. He remembers the way the wing kept rising and how he nearly lost his life. It wasn't the lighting that nearly killed Martin, it was a bat. This bat could only have no home now and was looking for a new one. This bat could only no home now and was looking for a new one. Martin could respect this animal for trying to adapt after losing the only home it lived in; hunger would also be what the bat had. Martin saw it flap furiously to get through the wind and it happened to see Martin. \" A whole day without food. It is not wrong to get a little mouse down my mouth.\" Martin knew when the bat was descending a fight would be in his paws. The talons of the left hand swiped more intimidatingly as the bats eyes were bulging. Martin would try striking the claw away when at the last moment Martin felt a strong force against his back. \" You want to be killed?!\" The bat missed what had been an easy mark and with the storm flying would be sever on his wings taking off. All he could do was stay landed and do only one last catch. \" IF you want to live just bring me something to eat.\" The bat said. He wasn't saying it to lure them out—he would try to eat them the next time he saw them—but any food was all he was after. Martin never knew a mouse could invent acorn shells making this mouse and Martin have a chance to escape. \" For a long time there was a risk a mouse's usual means of escape would fail them. We used to hoist ourselves to higher ground, but I knew if anything had wings it would have ravenous appetite for our kind.\" Martin was lost with that little monologue he felt explained the acorn ladder. \" I didn't need your help,\" said Martin interrupting their escape. \" Seven.\" \" What?\" \" I know five areas I keep exit numbers, a smart name for number of exists and not including this one I still have six. Now below us is a pond that has a door to a river. The pond is large enough to slow our impact to the floor and its deepness sways how much we can ride.\" \" But we don't have gills.\" \" That is the folly of being a mammal. But knowing too much allows—\" The mouse and Martins speaking helped the bat. HE saw them from the ladder of acorns and flapped up to them. They were both grabbed by the bats' claws and about to be eaten, the only parts of these mice uneaten would be their bones. \" Listen up. The next time you go gallivanting in the neck of the woods without your parents be ready to have a way home.\" The bat grew angry. \" I don't have a home!\" He was angry until he juggled around the fuel his stomach needed. \" But I will have—\" \" I wasn't talking to you. Mouse eating bats don't need to be addressed.\" The mouse's arms, legs, and tail were restrained but he had a good plan for that. He wiggled his nose through his white vest and then wriggled a little bird seed. Using only his nose he flicked the seed towards the bat… The seed was more than it appeared. IT became flammable even kept its trajectory, right into the bat's right eye. The bat felt more the trickle followed by pouring of tears in his left eye then what could be permanent damage to his eye. The trouble this would have on the bat was going to be bigger then it could imagine. The mouse who found Martin and saved his life and saved him twice had to hold Martin's hand. The chances of them bouncing off a leaf to the pond wouldn't work. It was a good thing the storm blew them near the pond. Martin was unharmed. His feet were sloshed in the water. Martin wondered why they didn't fall into the water until he saw the mouse rolling on the ground. He was hurt and kept mentioning something in moans of pain. \" Jenner…no one has any love…\" This mouse was starting to really creep Martin out. Martin knew there was only one out there was someone who could help and that was his mother. Mrs. Brisby was having a light lunch with lots to talk about. IT was the smart mouse Mr. Ages who saved her son Timothy. She may have been the one to keep her son in bed and move the house with magic that helped him recover from ammonia, only it was the medicine that saved Timothy's life. He also seemed to stop sounding so grouchy in front of Mrs. Brisby. \" I saw your son Timothy having fun with your daughters. That's three of your children and I can't help but wonder where your fourth son is.\"[Chapter 2] Second chapter took a while to write but I think it's better than the first one. I hope you enjoy it because I'm aiming for adventure but also some dark moments like the old Don Bluth's movies. I enjoyed Don Bluth in the Nostalgia Critic playing Dragon's Lair and hope his next movie in 2016 is as memorable as his best movie, The Secret of NIMH. XXX Their conversation ended once a wet mess Mrs. Brisby almost didn't recognize as her son Martin ran inside. Behind Martin was the tip of a big black wing. \" Hiya everybody. I saw these two outside when the rain was coming; couldn't leave them like this. Make sure they eat something hot and let me tell you Mr. Ages...Timothy looks nice in his white vest.\" The rest of Mrs. Brisby children were playing as fairy tale characters in her oldest daughters room. She didn't need a big explanation on how Jeremy could mistake a mouse never seen by her as one of her children anyway. The mouse looked unconscious but with her and Mr. Age's help she could revive him. \" Martin, why don't you dry off and play with Timothy, Teresa, and Cynthia. Jeremy thank you for helping Martin rescue this little mouse.\" Martin tried his best to settle back in his home. The only problem was how he was worried the mouse might not live through his cold. Before Jeremy flew back home to his nest he had to help Mrs. Brisby find a good spot the mouse could rest on. \" I think Timothy's bed will help him rest.\" Jeremy said. What a little rest could accomplish was what would aid the mouse in recovering. Mrs. Brisby helped the boy into bed simply by the crow's wing lagging behind her. After she made sure the room was glimmering with enough light her friend Mr. Ages came in with a bag full of important tools. \" I know I know where this mouse came from? He was once the pupil of Jenner.\" \" Why would he want to follow the teachings of that vile fiend?\" Mrs. Brisby asked dearly surprised. \" Jenner told him his teaching could help him survive after his parents disappeared. But all he became was a tool.\" \" Does he have a name? His parents couldn't leave their son without giving him a name or better yet a nanny, uncle, aunt, or grandparents to him for them.\" \" That is a mystery of his life I cannot explain. His father was a man whose actions outweighed his words.\" Mr. Age's had a big brain and good memory; it was with these he could create inventions and teach other mice's so they could become smarter. Suddenly, dead silence filled the room as the unconscious little mouse moved a slow hand and crunched his fingers. \" You are all mouse's going to pay...see how it feels jabbed with something sharp in the back !\" Mr. Ages couldn't guess why a mouse would sound that way. He could only tell something wrong was happening to him and it was up to him to help. He was right about the little mouse going to do something crazy. He was on his feet at full height, fingers wiggling for something to squeeze or a weapon to use, and he was looking at Mrs. Brisby and talking to her like she was someone he knew. \" I want you dead . Justin is next but he should have to be my first revenge victim. I'm coming back and going to put a blade through you and your whole fami -\" \" Why don't you go back to sleep!\" Mr. Ages yelled. He was trying to bang into him with a pebble. Mr. Ages never knew he could have the strength to raise a mouse's picture of a stone body with his tired old hands but he nearly managed it. All that stopped him was young mouse's brilliance. The young mouse pulled three small sticks that were taped together out of his pocket. He snapped one stick and allowed the old mouse the chance to have a whiff of it. The sticks were taped together to hold a shiny object. Mr. Ages couldn't see what the object was but that was because it almost popped his eyes out from how blinding it was. \" Nooo!\" There was no attack now. He was a feeble old man trying to get past looking blind looking at the floor. \" This boy is my disciple. He outmatches you in any idea you can come up with.\" \" Dear little boy, stop and be calm.\" Mrs. Brisby didn't want to use the sewing needle as a weapon but she had to do anything to defend herself. What the little mouse did was stroke his chin. He was pondering and acting in a way no young mouse would. \" I don't want a sharp object through me like you would undoubtedly use if we continue this charade. This boy was raised to investigate secrets and bring information for me and in time that will come again .\" Not another word was uttered from the young mouse. He collapsed in what was the arms of Mrs. Brisby. A small trickle and then many tears were wept on what could be taking over this boy. \" Mr. Ages?\" Martin was looking at the old but brave mouse that stepped in trying to save his mother. A small gash on the left side of his head. He could stand on his feet again and refused Martin's help of assistance to stand. \" That fall really hurt my head but I'm alright now,\" he said after feeling his wound start to sting. \" I don't know what went wrong with the boy. The dead don't just talk through boys.\" \" I also don't know what happened.\" Mrs. Brisby with the help of her eldest daughter Teresa carried the young mouse to Timothy's bed. \" Maybe the Great Owl can tell us what is happening to this young boy.\" Mr. Ages also figured that to be the best choice of action so they waited until the rain was gone so they could go see him. They left the kids in the hands of Mrs. Brisby's aunt Auntie Shrew the two of them saddled on the back of their raven friend Jeremy. He agreed because they were good friends and him having a date later needing her advice didn't hurt to ask. \" Don't be afraid,\" he said. \" This time your on me not because you have to but because you need to be.\" \" If you need time to pick seeds or just smell the flowers remember I am here to keep your children safe and lazy free,\" Auntie Shrew called to her niece Mrs. Brisby. Jeremy took off with Mrs. Brisby safely seated thanks to both experience and the new chair on Jeremy's back. Mr. Ages was sitting perfectly fine in his seat and he wasn't as experienced on Jeremy as she was. Somehow Mrs. Brisby knew the news about the young mouse could be good but she knew she could help him.[Chapter 3] Sorry for the long hiatus of this chapter. You can thank a reviewer those of you who are reading this because without that review this story probably wouldn't be updated. Now let me tell you five fandoms I will not write fanfictions for: Sherlock, Battle Royale, Hentalia-Axis Power, Bridget Jones Diary, and Homestuck. Teresa the oldest of Mrs. Brisby's children understood the mouse Martin brought home with him she should be careful about since he made a booming sound to her, Martin, Cynthia, and her mother. The problem she had though wasn't making sure he got better...he was acting like a better big brother to her sister than Martin and Timothy. \" So the bat says to the fruit ' hop into my claws and I will give you candy' to which the fruit replies ' you big dumb nocturnal weirdo...you are going to regret losing candy.\" \" What kind of candy did the bat give to the fruit?\" Cynthia asked him. \" You need to speculate more on this joke instead since it has a dark message. It was not a friend of mice who asked him that question. By this I mean the bat had the fruit in his clutches and he...swallowed the fruit.\" \" Why does the fruit have to die?\" \" It was all a piece of make belief wit something that cannot happen: fruits don't talk in real life.\" His choice of humor was unorthodox but he played with her twirling around with her holding her hands, doing a somersault when they were on a rug, and seeing who could move their tongue the highest. It was fun even to a mouse without a very big funny bone like the stranger mouse, he pulled a blanket over Cynthia when she was too tired to play anymore. \" I have to talk to you about the dangers of pesticides.\" Teresa wasn't sure if she heard him right until he eagerly pulled a chair for her to sit on while he stood on his back paws and stared at the bridge of her nose. \" Birds are dying on the ground from long exposure of a spray called D.D.T. I heard stories about how humans were saved b pesticides in World War 2. That war had nothing to do with us except insects were a problem for my ancestors friends the bees. Insects burrowed into bees controlling them like hypnotists, but the control stayed until the poor bees died. Super bugs, bugs that carry a resistance to the pesticide from their parents, made humans work harder to use their sprays to kill insects. Birds wriggle—twitch in agonizing pain before they die while these super bugs go around like they own the world.\" \" So what your saying is you came here because human-beings cannot resist trying to fix their problems by fixing things they used before?\" Teresa asked him. \" I'm saying there's no protection in the world as humans kill small animals but cannot continue their efforts to kill with pesticides. If you'll excuse me I must now leave to find someone who has been the most beautiful and smart mouse I had my eyes on. If I am lucky nature won't kill me like a fox eating a rabbit or a duck.\" Teresa had two problems she had to solve. The first was the sound of Martin and Timothy with acorn shells as shields...and the mouse leaving her house like her mother said wasn't allowed. He must've figured she would try to stop him because he opened the door and slammed it shut. Getting out was nearly impossible as he kept the door from opening. \" I can't involve anyone like you in this. Just step away from the door and let me leave in peace!\" The mouse shouted. \" I know you are after someone but if you just wait awhile my momma's friend will fly you to her.\" Teresa said. \" It's not just about finding its about seeing bugs that have died from pesticide. Your home will be covered in strong D.D.T that will kill any small creature with a beating heart.\" He witnessed a catastrophe in the forest so it was only his thinking seeing another one would help this forest. He scurried from the door moving on all fours to find proof of D.D.T. Teresa was held by Timothy as he told her not to leave the house. And although her mother would be angry with his escape Teresa knew she tried. The mouse who ran away from Mrs. Brisby's family carried no protection from the forest. He felt prickly pain in his feet from an unseen substance. And although birds were surprisingly nice to him he saw too many Bluejay's in the air. He hated those kinds of birds for their nature of stealing eggs from other birds' nests. He found a dead grasshopper on the ground. Birds knew it was there but didn't take the chance to eat it because it was killed by a spray. The mouse kept moving for he was curious about seeing a pile of grasshoppers somewhere. \" Don't go that way.\" A little grasshopper hopped near the mouse. It was missing one leg, a bird would never eat only a small leg of an insect. \" My parents, my relatives, and everyone I grew to know died there.\" \" Leave me alone.\" the mouse said to the grasshopper. \" I am looking for the source of this D.D.T to destroy it and save this forest.\" \" Can I go with you? If I don't come along I'll get lonely.\" \" No you won't. You have a body with a resistance to the pesticides these human's use. You'll breed with someone to make grasshopper babies and they will be super bugs immune to the sprays these humans use.\" \" But everyone knows the humans have a cat named Dragon that eats any and all birds and mice it sees. You're going to need-\" \" Save me your concern. I already know the humans kill mice by keeping a cat. It doesn't scare me.\" \" Do you know what scares me? Going back to the site my parents are, dead on the ground when they tried to make me feel safe from the thing slowly taking their souls away. My name is Tobby and I really want to find the thing humans are using to kill my people.\" \" My name is Jamie. As fun as it has been speaking to you about the enemy we both have I am not at liberty to take an insect with me. Frankly, I loathe insects because the creation of this creature killer was made through your infestation and grasshoppers are a cause of it for eating human food and being too high in numbers.\" Jamie looked at the sky where he saw a bat. He really had to stop the conversation because the bat looked like the same one who put him in a horrible predicament. Jamie scurried to the North before hiding in the secretiveness of a tree. He camouflaged with the tree by holding a leaf over him. \" What's this I hear? Apparently we bats like to offer candy.\"[Chapter 4] Its been some time since I wrote the last chapter, but life keeps finding a way to keep me writing like what people discover on the news and my friends at my full time job who have something interesting to say about a boy wearing protection goggles writing twice as small as them. I love imagination. Jamie was staring first feeling a shiver of fear down his back, but only until he remembered how easy it was to out wit and live through this bats' encounter. Hanging off the ground was Jamie by a bats' talon pressing against his chest. The grasshopper that lost a foot may've been too scared to help Jamie but a good mouse knew any mouse meant to survive in a forest could save themselves. \" I am one hungry bat. Good thing I am also a wise bat or you might be at that farm like you told you lil lady mouse,\" said the bat. Since he liked to talk about how hungry he was Jamie would show him what he has to offer. \" Would you honestly eat a child mouse or would you like a much bigger mouse?\" Jamie asked with a big smile on his face. The bat was more annoyed than intrigued because he wanted to be the one smiling through this. \" I want a quiet area that helps me enjoy my supper. Do you want to fly in the air; see the claws closer than any mouse before I digest you?\" Jamie pointed with his nose in the direction of a mouse body covered in leaves. The bat enjoyed the sight of more food. \" I'll eat it and then you.\" He poked into the dead mouse with two talons and shoved it into his mouth. Something the size of a grain of rice was put in by Jamie; humans accidentally poison themselves with it as well could be used to poison animals. The bat finished the mouse off when he swallowed it down. He felt calmer now since his hunger was half alleviated—the other half of his hunger was longing for Jamie. He felt a little pain grow inside his stomach. It wasn't just the pain now but hallucinations putting his mind out of ease and in an array of panic. The pain was an omen of what could be his death all brought on by a sneaky mouse. \" You should be able to hear me now.\" Jamie grabbed ahold of the bat's right wing and twisted the part that helps him flap his wings. \" That mouse had fentanyl inside of him. The only reason your still alive is my genius made the drug like moldy cheese to us mice. There is a virus though in my chemical your immune system won't save you from. Once you get sick from my trap you'll die within one hour.\" \" This is how I die?!\" The bat covered his eyes with his free wing. \" Why me? Why does God want me to die like this?\" \" Because a mouse with extensive knowledge in poisons and drugs who isn't afraid of killing his predator came to be your decided meal.\" Jamie said coldly to the dying bat. \" The good news for you is I see potential in your longevity so I will give you the only cure if you help me get rid of every D.D.T in the farmers house.\" Jamie knew as long as a mammal with wings was still breathing it could do things like take flight and also soar through the forest avoiding ferocious cats like Dragon. Trust had to be shared both ways giving Jamie the feeling the bat didn't trust him so he wouldn't trust the bat. Just at an altitude of two mice standing on ones shoulders the grasshopper Tobby jumped off the ground and landed next to Jamie. \" You succeeded in being the first grasshopper not to be eaten with something that has wings. That being said you have no business being here so once we descend go away.\" Jamie said to the grasshopper. \" Can't we just let water under the bridge with me standing behind a tree and watching you getting almost eaten so we can work together to save the forest.\" Tobby cried to Jamie hoping the tears would convince him. \" Never in my life have I found any use in bugs and today is also one of those days.\" \" Well you wouldn't push a grasshopper that lost a foot fall at a height to big for him to live through? I can tell deep down you're a nice mouse.\" Jamie grabbed two of the grasshoppers' front legs and kicked him off the bait. Tobby screamed as his legs wriggled to touch the part of the bat, but the speed the bat was flying made it halt to do so. \" I'll be bait: I'll help you push all the D.D.T into the river just give me a chance!\" Tobby shouted. While Jamie was scaring the grasshopper the bat was thinking about pushing them forward and almost let them fall unless Jamie handed him the antidote to the virus spreading to his body. Jamie wasn't good or evil because his real parents were smart and good while the spirit trying to control him was smart despite having malice in his ideals. He wouldn't do this sort of thing to the grasshopper who might be his accomplice if there was a two percent chance he would accidentally drop him. The grasshopper was pulled back onto the bats back. The bat landed on a windowsill. \" This is an important part where you follow me. Although we are small we're not microscopic and alerting ourselves to these humans would mean death. It's a risk, but I might know a way we can move unnoticed.\" The bats job was done and thus he was stroked on the right side of his mouth—the uncomfortable feeling of it opened his mouth. After that he drank the cure Jamie gave to him. \" Watch out for what your eating because the next dead mouse you eat might kill you.\" The bat knew it was his fault he was pointed to begin with. That being said he would remember this incident to try being more self-aware of what could happen when he misses something on the ground or eat something that could be contaminated. He flew away happy to be away from that mouse and relieved to be alive with a full mouse in his tummy. The humans were grateful that they had a trained cat instead of a dog that bites people's faces like a family in the news had. The husband was eating corn with lots of pepper while the wife was eating leftover pasta with spinach and tomatoes. The corn was safe to eat thanks to the D.D.T he sprayed on his crops thanks to his lawnmower. It was hard on the body but like a chef he could eat everything he is going to sell, chef's have to taste every ingredient before they purchase it because their reputation on the lines farmers know not everything they grow will turn out good. What they don't sell is used to feed pigs. The ones they know can wake people sick from eating it are put in a garbage but not before being poisoned. Rats eat the poison and warms eat the rats. Jamie wasn't here to try anything these humans call \"food\". Jamie noticed the farmer put cream on his face that made him look twenty years older. A man fifty-five years old looked like a seventy-five-year-old man. No matter how many times he wishes that face the zinc in his face didn't peel off. Jamie and the grasshopper Tobby were tiptoeing around without any suspicion until the insect's feet just slammed into the floor as he yelled in pain. Moving around the way Jamie wanted him to was close to impossible for him. It was his luck that Jamie backed up, raised Tobby's legs until they were on his back, and he carried the grasshopper until they would make it to their destination. \" Why are you doing this for me?\" Tobby asked the mouse doing the heavy lifting. \" I need extra muscle to push their container of D.D.T…and I guess its my way of apologizing to your for making you feel like I would drop you.\" Tobby now had a good idea of what kind of heart Jamie had. He was just trying to protect his friends. Tobby jumped off when the mouse was pushing the container of D.D.T, turning so his two good legs were facing the container he raised them up and gave it a good push. To save everyone in the forest he would push it into the sink so he could wash and ruin the drug. Unfortunately, with the farmer getting off his chair Jamie knew they were in trouble. ","Summary":" 4fireking here telling you I am happy to post this chapter even though I did it without any help fr"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Yours Truly","Author":"omitthetruth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3926527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yours Truly, By: Dakota David Chapter One: The Past I suppose there is not much to say about myself. I have been a bastard all my life. My father, the owner of the Bank of London, many years before I took my first breath of life, was a wealthy man. He brandished his money much in the same way that a knight would brandish his sword before going into battle. Much for the same reason as well; a knight fought with his blade and my father, may he rest in peace, went into battle with his pocketbook. So I suppose that the last name Knight was quite fitting. One day, shortly after I had been conceived, they day finale came when my father's open attitude toward his currency had come back to haunt him. He was visited by three unruly mercenaries that wanted nothing more than to rob him of his wealth, but made off with something far more valuable. The Mercenaries, to prove what they had done, I would guess as some kind of a trophy, made off with my father's cold, gray, head. Enough about him! He had little to noting to do with my current success as of today. I am where I am not because of the cocky bastard, but because of my mother, I can call myself proud of where I am. Because of her profession, she and I spent little time together. She was a prostitute. After my father died, she had to find some way f making a lot of money fast. The pleasure she got from her work, along with the need for money, must have been enough to keep her in this dangerous, horrid profession. I personally think that she had no other reason other than desire. Despite the lack of time that she and I spent together, I learned life's greatest lesson. Not through nurturing and caring for me, but in fact it wasn't until her untimely death that I learned skills necessary to lead me later in life. From analyzing the scene of my mother's demise, I had learned many of my investigating techniques I still use today. For instance, in looking at the scene, I deducted that the murder had to come from someone close to her, someone that was inside the house at the time of the murder, before the locks were secure. I myself once thought it was her client, until the discovery of his body showed brutal gashes in the neck and back area. Wounds that could not have been self inflicted. The police and I were baffled. No clues. No trace.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2:nThe Recognition A rustic chest ofndrawers sat at the back of a barren office that once belonged to thenLondon Chief of Police, Jonathan Banks. In this chest was a worn bitnof cloth that had the stains of tea, blood, and sweat from a whore bynthe name of Mary Ann (Polly) Nichols, and was the only piece ofnevidence the department had on the murder of the poor girl. After thencoroner's office took her in for her autopsy, not that she needednone, they had stolen every other article of clothing that the girlnhad. However, this cloth was the only piece of her attire that thendoctors would let us have. The doctors were however helpful inndiscovering that only a man of intelligence would have had thenknowledge to accurately dismember the woman as she was. A man thatnthe crowd had so graciously nick-named the \"Leather Apron\" hadnbeen the supposed killer in this crime. The office now belonged to anmuch younger, fresher version of Mr. Banks A man by the name ofnWilliam Knight, a man who pushed his way to the top. This man I amndelighted to say is none other than me. Onnthis day came many peddlers claiming that they had information on thenLeather Apron. In disbelief, I simply told each of my guests to tellnme their depiction of what they saw happen. On any given day, thendepartment is littered with crackpot old fools with ridiculousnclaims. Today was no different other than the number of delusionalnknow-nothings was more than thrice the usual amount. I quickly gotnbored with the numerous, repetitive, boring stories that came walkingninto my office in the form of town community members. Time after timenI listened to their painful chronicles, each one sending me fartherninto dementia. I developed a severe headache by just the thought ofnthe work to come, trying to find a place in the police files for eachnone of these horrible tales. However stupid the stories may be, thendepartment requires them to be filed. I took an aspirin to overcomenthe headache that was surly on its way. \"Officer,nyou won' believe wha' I'm about to tell you, but Satan 'imselfnrose up from the ground and he kiwed dat woman wif his own hands.\"nexclaimed one clearly mad woman. She was not old at all. In fact, shenwas glowing with the innocent beauty that forced its way to thensurface of her silky skin. I myself was a bit distracted by her looksnand soon realized that I was staring at the woman's bosom andnpaying no attention to the words that were coming out of her mouth. Inquickly shook my head hoping to regain my focus on the situation atnhand but it was no use, I was in a daze. \"Yes,nwell if we find more information, Miss, we'll be sure to let younknow.\" This expression was widely used today. It put a touch ofncomfort into the hearts of the curious as well as the terrified. Thisnwoman swore up and down that she actually saw the devil to these actsnto this poor girl. She simply nodded and stumbled on her way to thenthreshold of the building. She had the smell of whisky on her breath,nand really all about her, but you wouldn't need to smell hernclothes to know that she was inebriated. All you needed to do was paynattention to the way she spoke. She may have spoken in an accent thatnwas difficult to understand in the first place but it wasn't thenaccent that made her words run together to form one big bit ofngibberish, but her incessant drinking habits. By the way she wasndressed, any person who didn't know better might have thought shenwas a peasant but in fact she was a wealthy woman by the name ofnRobin Wilcox. She had been driven to drink by her husband who was madnas well. Her husband had been in this office many times for hisnobsession with prostitutes. It wasn't so much that he had sex withnthe whores quite frequently, that wasn't against the law, but morenso that he did it right out side of public places. On more than onenoccasion, he was found outside of the Ten Bells Pub, a favorite ofnthe locals of Whitechapel, having a jolly with the very victim thatnwe now had in the morgue, which made him a prime suspect in thisncase. We questioned him several times but he never would open up andnadmit to what we wanted him to. In my opinion, her husband didn'tndeserve her, yet she kept running back. \"Fank you, sir! In'ope to see you again. I mean, not that I 'ope he kiwes again.\"nShe managed to blurt out those last few words just before she trippednover the frame of the heavy, oak door. She seemed to suffer minornpain from her fall. Either that, or she was far to numb to feel it.nIn any case she was gone and I could finally focus on the matter atnhand. She was the last in line of many, many dim-witted fellows. Thenheadache from before was now too much to bear. I knew that now mynwork was to begin and I would be slaving over this desk for hours atna time. I popped three more pills in my mouth and I was on my way tona cramped hand and a sore intellect. Not one person seemednto have a story even close to logical. I knew that no one truly knewnwhat happened to that poor woman. The truth is, no lights were on andnin the interviews with patrons living nearby the scene, no one heardnso much as a whisper come from that alleyway. I hoped for the best innsolving this case but inside I knew that there were no leads or cluesnand there was no way that it was going to surface before the nextndeath hit the papers. Publicity was the department's mortal enemy.nThe papers told a number of lies to increase their business. I feelnit is my duty to stop this madness before it takes off. The mound of paperworknon my desk had to be filed before I was able to continue myninvestigation. Whether I thought these stories were rubbish or not, Instill had to write their cockamamie talesndown to be filed. I enjoyed the chase with the killer, but when Infailed and he met his mark, there was much work to be done to makensense of the seemingly endless narratives from the Whitechapelncommunity. After about thirtynminutes, the night started to weigh on me. The stories I once heardnas a child put me into even more of a daze then looking at thatnwoman's bosom. My eyes felt as though the sandman had not sprinklednsand on my lids, but instead hurled a sac at my face. I drifted mynway, gingerly into a well earned slumber. My desk was not the mostncomfortable of beds, but I had no choice. My body was now under thenweight of my eyes, which, now seemed like the strongest force onnEarth. As I slept, the soundnof the creaking wood floors entered my ears and its minute vibrationsnmade them twitch. I had an unknown visitor in my midst. Who it wasneluded me, as my vision was slightly obstructed by the mound of worknI had that lay in front of me. Not to mention, the slit in which verynlittle light in the room was allowed in my eyes, was covered inncrusty dragons. The next morning Inawoke with a sudden jerk to the sound of the brutal bashing at myndoor. The persistent beating told me that this visitor was either inna great hurry or was in a severe state of rage. Quickly, I wiped thenclear drool that streamed down from the corner of my mouth. Thenimpatient visitor continued to wreak a hammering on my door. Inhurried myself along, now cleaning the drool of my mouth off of mynpapers that lay scattered across the oaken desk. \"Just a moment\"nsaid I as still I rushed to clear all that cluttered my desk. \"Sir\" started thenvisitor, \"The Apron, Sir, he's struck again. Come quickly, Sir.nHurry!\" Even more hurried now,nI stumbled and fiddled my way to the door. As I quickly jerked itnopen, the familiar features of Nathaniel Witherspoon, my personalnAssistant, fell upon my bloodshot eyes. \"Follow me, Sir\"ninterjected Witherspoon. He led me out of the main office and down tona rather nice carriage. \"Is it far?\" Inasked him still dazed, the image of the half- silhouette figure I hadnseen the previous night. \"No, Sir. Not atnall.\" he lifted his hand and raised his index finger to point at ancrowd of people down the way. \"Just there, Sir.\" He finished. \"I think I'llnwalk, Witherspoon, thank you.\" I told him as I sprinted to thencrowd. I couldn't help but picture the absolute worst scenario innmy head as I ran. Pushing my way through the mass of patrons was allnbut easy as far as effort goes. There was a define line where thenbody lay. Not of blood or bodily fluids, but of people. In fact, nonblood lay around her mutilated body. With the blow of my whistle, thencrowd quieted to a low hum, as they all spread out from the scene. The victim's clothsnlay seemingly untouched. They were however, blood-soaked, stained rednfrom the previous night's deed. With the lift of the blouse, thenevidence of the severely lacerated victim became known to all whonsaw. The crown now filtered down. Some, who were just not able tonstomach that sight, actually vomited at the mere sight of the bloodnridden corpse. Others, the very little that were, huddled around thenpolice officers currently investigating the scene. There were odd imagesnflashing in my head from time to time. Images so horrid I had nonchoice but to shiver at the sight, much like a reflex. \"Are you okay, Sir?\"nWitherspoon asked. A very concerned look grew on his face. \"Fine. Thank you.\"nI retorted. The simple fact of the matter was that I was not fine atnall. These images weren't just my imagination playing tricks on me.nThey were as if I had actually done the butchering that now lay onnthe streets. I shuddered once again. \"Are you sure you'renfine, Sir?\" Witherspoon questioned again. This time a more worriednlook about him. \"Yes. Yes. Fine.\"nI replied hastily. Once again, fine I was not. \"Feeling a bit o'nguilt are we, inspector? 'Bit o' remorse?\" a pale old mannstepped from the crowd. His facial features seemed as though theynwere pulled down violently. Heavy wrinkles riddled his complexion. Henlooked like death himself- minus the robe and hood. \"I'm sorry Inhaven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.\" Inreplied defensively. Who was this peasant to accuse me of suchnhostility? \"Do you remembernnothing of last night, Inspector?\" he questioned again. This timenthe accusation a bit more fierce. \"Of course. I wasnfiling my paperwork of horrible stories that you people\" I swung mynfinger, pointing across the crowd \"Seem to think is relevantninformation on the leather Apron, and I fell asl-. Wait. I don'tnhave to explain myself to-.\" \"Asleep?\" heninterjected. \"Is that what you call cold blooded murder? Is thatnthe defense of the insane detective?\" \"What is he talkin'nabout, Sir?\" Witherspoon inquired. Did the old fool havenWitherspoon on his side? No! \"I told you Inhaven't the slightest Idea. He is clearly a raving drunk and shouldnbe treated as such.\" I replied again. \"Tell yourselfnyou're innocent all you want, William, It'll come back to hauntnyou.\" He managed to squeeze these last few words out before he wasnenveloped in the crowd again. \"Sir, I don'tnunderstand\" Witherspoon cried,\" How did he know you're name?\" \"Neither do I. Lessnthan you I'd imagine, Nathaniel.\" I told him. I too was curiousnabout how he knew my name. I showed my badge to nobody this day…nWitherspoon referred to me only as 'SIR'…THE NEWSPAPERS! Ah atnleast that's one mystery solved. Still I could not explain thenimages that flashed before me and pulsed pain through my brain, norncould I expel it from my mind. Their disturbing sight was enough tonforce these questions that followed permanently into my consciousnmind. I chose to walk fromnthe scene back to the office rather than be in under the inquisitionnof my assistant for the duration of the ride. I needed time to clearnmy head of these horrible sights. The walk back was annightmare. On either side of me were townsmen and women staring at menwith looks of confusion and disappointment. Confused at what they hadnheard from the old fool, and if they should so choose to believe it,nthe disappointment in me then sets in. All I wanted to do wasnget to my office to do my work in peace. My adrenaline started tonpump through my veins. Thinking .Over thinking. Making irrationalnvisualizations in my head. Images that played on the situation of menactually butchering these people. These images wrought on the beliefnthat maybe I actually did. POPPYCOCK! IMPOSSIBLE! I fell asleep lastnnight is all. Witherspoon brought mena cup of tea to calm my nerves and bring my temper down some. \"Sir, I don't knownwho that man finks he is but he is surely mistaken.\" I saw younsleepin' in you're office last night. There's no way youncould've done that\" As I responded tonWitherspoon's words, my cup of tea was rattling as such to mimic annearthquake. 'Twas not an earthquake but my nerves seemed to be thenculprit of my now tea splattered desk and stained trousers thatnseemed to be linked to my half-empty tea cup. \"How could he accusenme of that, Witherspoon? What nerve he had to accuse an upstandingnman such as myself of such a thing? Who did he think he was? Did henthink it was funny, publicly humiliating me like that? I want thatnman arrested!\" I cried out in frustration and aggravation. \"Sir, you know goodnand well that we can't just arrest the man for sill accusations.nHe's done nothing wrong. Any man can freely accuse anyone ofnanything. As long as there is nothing to follow these accusations, nonlaw is broken, Sir.\" Witherspoon consoled me. \"I know that. I justnwish there were.\" I said slightly calming down. \"I know that Inhave been behind on the Leather Apron case, but there is no evidence.nNo suspects. No reliable eyewitness accounts. No nothing. Thendepartment is threatening to close the investigation. I don't knownwhy. He's still killing innocent women. It isn't like the casenhas gone cold. If word gets out that they are closing it, hell killnagain. You mustn't say tell a soul. Is that understood,nWitherspoon?\" I asked. He nodded. The thought that Witherspoonncould barely hold a secret, in this case, was comforting. I needednhim to kill again. I needed more. \"You have my word,nSir. Not a peep.\" He reliably yet predictably followed. I could seena smug look on his face, that he was trying to hide, that told menthat as soon as he matched out of mu office, the gossip would begin.nHe would tell every breathing body that walked the streets. A promisento me was as important as a promise to mud in his opinion. There was no intentionnof closing the case. I knew that in order to catch this fiend, I hadnto make it seem like there was no hope in catching him. Giving himnfalse hope. I needed sleep. Thisnsequence of events was just making my head spin. ","Summary":" Yours Truly, By: Dakota David Chapter One: The Past I suppose there is not much to say about myself"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"This is NOT business!","Author":"Depperanium","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3969123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is NOT business Chapter 1. Not Thinking This is set from the scene betweennMary and Fred in the alleyway. Just a little fic of what I thoughtnwould have been good in the movie...but I still loved it! Let me knownwhat you think:) Disclaimer: I do not own any ofnthese characters, one of them may own me...but thats beside thenpoint. \"Herentake this\" spoke Fred to Mary, grabbing her hand unexpectedlynand placing money into her palm and closing it gently with hisnfingers. His touch was so warm, she didn't want him to let go. \"Buynsome food, ge'a room, stay there. Don't tell anyone where you'rengoing, I dontnwant to know. In three days, come to the Ten Bells, I'll leave anmessage wif the barkeep\". Heneyed her with concern as she nodded slowly and let out what seemed tonbe a small sad sigh as she averted her gaze to the ground at hernfeet. \"Wha'h?nIt's no'h enough\"? He questioned. \"Inwish I could show you the li'll village where I was born.\" Shensaid softly as she met his eyes. \"It's so lovely there. It's bynthe sea where you said you saw me\". Hearingnher words, Fred's expression softened as he listened to her intently,nlooking right into her eyes. \"Inused to think it too small to spend a life in but...now I'm not sonsure.\" She said to him solemnly, a stray tear running down herncheek. And before he knew it, she was moving her face to his to kissnhim. He had such an urge to do the same, his face even moved towardnhers for a split second, rubbing his cheek against hers before henwithdrew, receiving a questioning look from Mary. \"Don'tnMary\" he said to her with a sad smile \"Don't\". Sonmany emotions were running through Fred's mind. He loved Mary sonmuch...He fell in love with her the day he met her at Polly'snfuneral, but he didn't think she loved him back. The last thing henwanted to do was be thought of as a 'client'. He respected this womannso much and would not take advantage of any services she had tonoffer. Mary'sneyes looked hurt. Her expression turned to one of deep, hurt anger. \"Inave to go\" He muttered to her sadly before she could get a wordnin. Fredrick Abberline was a wounded man. Still getting over thendeath of his wife and falling in love with a prostitute whom henpresumed would never love him back, his emotions were ripped. He hadnto get away from there. He couldn't stand it any longer. \"Bensafe\" he said as he walked off, leaving her in the alleywaynstaring after him, angrily and hurt. \"WAIT\"!nShe screamed after him. He wouldn't turn around. He just keptnwalking and raised his arm in the air to silence her as he quicklynwalked away, looking at the ground. He'snnot getting away with this! She thought. Notnafter all this time. Sonshe began to follow him. He was a fair way away now but she couldnstill see him as he walked, head down and hands in his jacket pocket.nA slight smile came to her face as she was watching him before shenshook it off remembering how angry she was. Asnhe walked quickly across the streets of Whitechapel, the troubledninspector thought of nothing but Mary. He was so confused. She wasngoing to kiss him...but why? He always thought she probably wouldnnever like him back but that angry expression on her face just beforenhe turned his back on her (which he felt awful for) spoke otherwise. Suddenly,nhe stopped. Bringing his hand to his forehead he closed his eyes asnvisions of the previous event kept coming back. Itsnso lovely there. Its by the sea where you said you saw me. (flash) Shenslowly bought her face to his, looking into his eyes solemnly and antear trickling down her cheek. Henclosed his eyes and took a deep breath before continuing on. A bathnis what he needed. A nice bath to calm and relax his body and hisnmind. Afternanother 15 minutes of walking through the dimly lit streets andnavoiding the alleyways, Fred reached his home. As he stepped insidenand shut the door behind him, he let out a long breath of relief tonbe home. Picking up the mail that had been slid under the door andnshrugging his coat off, he paused at the coat hook when he heard ansharp knocking at the door. Afternfollowing Fred for fifteen minutes, Mary had finally gotten therenunnoticed. She had seen him stop suddenly, grabbing his head for anshort while and just standing there for a while holding his head innhis right hand, the other buried deep in his coat pocket. Wasnhe having one of those visions? Shenwaited at the door as she sharply rapped on it, still remembering hernanger. Frednslowly put his coat on the hook as he stared at the door, wonderingnwho it could be. Wondering if it was her. Henslowly opened the door to reveal none other. She was staring at him,nanger hurt in her eyes with her arms folded. \"How'dnyou get ere\"? He mumbled. \"Followednya home\" \"Oh\".n\"Come in\" He said after a pause, moving aside to let hernin. \"Takena seat\" He said quietly to her, motioning towards the smallnchair by the fire. Mary silently made her way to the chair and took anseat, keeping her eyes on him as he swallowed, slightly nervous. Frednwas silent, as he stared from her eyes, to the floor when he saw thatnfierce expression on her face. \"Wha'hnwas that\"? She suddenly said, breaking the silence. \"Wha'hnwas wha'h\"? He mumbled back to her, sometimes making eyencontact. \"Younknow perfectly fuckin well wha'h. She broke in fiercely. His eyesnflickered to hers and this time, stayed there. \"Back there, innthe alleyway.\" -\"Look\" \"Wha'hnthe hell did ya think?! That I was payingnyou back\" ?! Fred'snmouth, which was held open beginning to form words closed at that asnhe furrowed his eyebrows together. \"Indidn't mean itnas business\" She left her chair and got up to move over to himnand stand before him. \" Imnstill a woman yeh know\"! She spat. He blinked at her words. \"Theynhaven't taken tha'h from me! How could younthink tha'h?! Just cause im an unfortunate yeh think I dont meannanythin by it a'h all bu'h business!\". Frednwas slightly shocked. He moved his eyes to the ground again beforenmoving them back up to her glare that was still in her eyes. Shenstarted again. \"Well?!nWh\"- Hencut her off by moving forward and taking her face in both of hisnhands and kissing her full on the mouth fiercely. Her eyes slowlynfluttered shut as she, slightly shocked by his action, softened andnreturned the kiss, a small sigh escaping her throat as her hands heldnonto the collar of his shirt gently. He pulled her closer toward him,none hand moving to her soft red ringlets and toying with one gentlynas the other caressed her cheek as he deepened the kiss even more butnsoftened it and his tongue crept around her mouth and hers in his. Allnhis suspicions disappeared as he kissed her in his lounge room. She didn't meannit as service to a client. She actually had feelings for him. Henloved her so much. He remembered the day he met her at the funeral ofnher friend. He remembered how much inner strength he saw in her as anwoman. Her attitude toward them was not one of trust. Her and hernfriends trusted no one, which he understood and respected. And thennthat look she gave him before she left. That captivating smile whennshe old him he could do anything if he put his mind to it. Her greenneyes staring right into his as they suddenly turned bitter before shenwalked off, leaving him staring after her. from that day on, she hadnhis heart. AllnMary's anger was suddenly washed away from her so fast and it turnednto this indescribable happiness. She had never known what it had feltnlike to be kissed by a man who she meant anything to. Well, she triednnot to let any clients kiss her, only do their job, pay her and bendone with. Her skin or hair had never been touched by a man who hadntouched her with any meaning and no sleaziness. The way Fred wasnplaying with her hair and stroking her cheek so tenderly sent shiversnup her spine. She never knew what it was like, till now to be trulynloved by another man and now she was experiencing it. Shenwas returning his kiss with so much passion now as one hand feltnround to the back of his neck and buried her fingers in his soft,nbrown hair and the other playing with the edge of his collar. Theynfinally broke apart from one another for some air before Fred plantednone last, small kiss on Mary's lips and they leaned their foreheadsntogether and just watched each others eyes in silence, breathingnslightly heavily. Frednwas the first one to break the silence after a couple of minutes. \"Wouldnyou like anythin? Cup of tea\"? He breathed, before taking hisnforehead off of hers. Shenclosed her eyes at the loss of the contact and continued playing withnthe front of his collar \"Thanks\"nShe nodded, smiling nervously. \"I'llnbe back\" Maryngave him another nod as the nervous smile remained on her face. Shenstared after his back in awe as he walked away to the kitchen. Shenhadn't experienced feeling for a man before since she was a littlengirl in Ireland, when he had little crushes on boys. Shencouldn't understand why he loved her back. He accepted her so much,nfor who she was. Most looked down on her but Fred just accepted hernand loved her! Hernlegs began turning to jelly as she was thinking of all this so shenreturned to the chair by the fire she was seated in previously. Anfew minutes later, Fred returned with a pot of tea and two cups andndragged a small table and another chair over to Mary's place at thenfire. Giving her a small smile, he poured her a cup of tea and thennpoured his own. \"Imnso worried about baby Alice\" Mary said as she sipped her teanwith one hand and traced the stitching of the side of the chair withnher forefinger. \"Donnbe\" Fred smiled. \"As I said, we'll get er out after this isnover\" \"Willnit be over\"? Henjust nodded softly at her. \"Yeah. It will\" Thenncame another silence. The two just sat there, in front of the firenwith their cups for quite a while. Sipping their tea, looking at eachnother and then looking at the floor. Mary was both thinking of Frednand how to sneak another look over at him and now about the man whonkilled her friends. Was she safe where she was? Would he find her? \"Whatnare you thinkin\"? Fred asked, concerned with her face expressionnchanging back to one of worry. \"MaybenI should get back\" She said softly. \"Somewhere safernper'aps\" whatnare you talkin about? You're at the constables house! Cant get muchnsafer than that! \"Fredrickngave her a small smile. \"You're pretty safe here Mary. You cannstay ere the night...have the bed, I'll ave the couch and keep me gunnhandy if anyone comes through the door. There's no way of enterin thenroom without first gettin past ere. An I dont think he even knowsnyou're here anyway\". Marynfelt her cheeks redden a little and opened her mouth to refuse andnmake some kind of excuse but a thank you came out instead to whichnshe received another smile. Eithernof the two mentioned their kiss from earlier, in fact they seemed tonavoid the subject completely. That was until they both got out ofntheir chairs and took their cups to the kitchen and both reached fornthe teapot to clean it out when they accidentally brushed hands,nsending what felt like a huge jolt of electricity up both of theirnarms. But their hands remained there, slightly touching one another'snbefore Mary slowly started to stroke the side of Fred's hand beforenslowly finding her fingers interlocked with his. Frednjust remained still, watching their hands and feeling his as it begannto get pins and needles, causing it to tingle uncontrollably. Then,nthey both looked up from their hands at the same time to look intonone another's eyes, Mary chuckling nervously. Before she knew itnthough, she had moved forward and so had Fred and their lips were sonclose. After hovering ever so close to each others mouths the tinyngap between the two was closed and their lips were on each othersnagain. The difference with this kiss from last time although, wasnthat it was much fiercer. This kiss was full of fiery passion andnthey were pressing so hard against one another's mouths that itnalmost hurt. Fred'snhands started acting by themselves as he de-tangled his fingers fromnhers and both of his hands rubbed up and down her sides before onencrept up to the front of her dress, beginning to undo the buttons asnhis mouth continued to work fiercely on hers. Whennhe had gotten three of her buttons undone, Mary turned completelynstiff in his arms. He was undressing her, she was an unfortunate. Itnseemed like this was another job. It felt so strange and she justncompletely froze with confusion. Noticingnher stop, Fred immediately stopped as well as he noticed hernexpression. He had her up against the cupboards in his kitchen nownand noticed what his hands had been doing and felt the fierceness ofntheir kiss still on his lips. His hands then quickly withdrew fromnher buttons, clearing his throat. Whennhe felt her ease a little at the loss of contact from her buttons,nrealization struck him. \"Imnso sorry...I didn't mean to act like that...I wasn't thinkin...I-\" Henwas so ashamed with himself then, for taking those actions. He took anstep backward, creating some more space between them. Marynimmediately stepped away from the cupboards and faced him, hunchingnher shoulders and letting out a loud, slightly shaky breath. \"InIm just goin to sit down for a while\". She flashed him a smallnsmile and exited the kitchen, retreating to the chair again to pondernover what had just happened. Ok folks there's the first chapter.nI'll post the next one up when I get some reviews savvy? Sooooo ifnanyones reading this...hit that button and leave me some reviewsnbecause I'd love to continue:D[Chapter 2] Okay, I have finally updated thisnfic! Thankyou SO much to all the reviewers!! I didn't think i wouldnget so many! every review really made my day! Thankyou all fornreading and sorry for taking so long :) Chapter 2. Dragon ofnDeceit Confusion.nIt can be a rather un-comfortable feeling at times. Not quite knowingna way to solve something or a reason for something, when you aren'tnexactly sure what that something is. When you do not know what thenlittle somethings are that you're feeling and cannot make a decisionnof which of these things you can't identify- you want to feel and actnon. Marynwas in a complete state of confusion. It was making hernun-comfortable, unsure. It was causing frustration arguments with hernhead, heart and guts. Her vital organs were squabbling, sending hernto insanity. She did not know what to feel. Not long ago, her andnFred were in a moment of intimacy, heated passion of which not onlynhe wanted and yet the thing that she wanted ever-so much, as-well asnhe, also made her extremely un-comfortable and before she knew it,nshe was exiting the room. Shenwatched the warm fire she sat next to as her thoughts continued tonbattle. She watched as the large, thick chunk of wood that had beennplaced on-top of the fire spreading through its thickness. It madenher wonder whether doing each job that she had done for so long, didnthe same thing to her. She wondered if it had gradually eaten hernaway. Broken her down taken her strength away and made her incapablenof any real relationship. Any chance of actually being able to love anman. Shenwondered for a minute if what she had said to Fred earlier about hernstill being a woman was even true. Was she even a real woman anymore? Andnthen the fact that Fred loved her...she could not understand it! Shenbegan to feel a rather strong feeling of self doubt. Doubt that shenhad any good qualities. Ansmall tear slowly trickled down her cheek as she imagined Fred lovingnher with all his heart and her being the whore that she is and beingnun-faithful to him. Not loving him in return. Using him for hisnmoney. The thought of hurting him like that made her eyes water. Whatnif she was like that? What if she was just convincing herself shenloved him so she would then have money of a man to take care of her?nAll these thoughts began to plague her mind, making her feelnterrible, more confused. Whynhad she felt un-comfortable when Fred had gone to her buttons likenthat? Why? Thenthoughts were taking her further and further away. They were tryingnto overcome her. Bringing her crumpling down. Take away all of hernstrength and substance as a woman...just like the fire did with thenonce very thick and hard chunk of wood. They were trying to make hernfeel worthless like that whore she was. Anworthless whore... ... Henwatched all of it...he saw it all. He saw them in the alley way andnwatched as they both left, Mary chasing after Fred. There wasnsomething between the two of them...and that wasn't good news. He wasnan inspector, he may be able to provide protection for Mary and thatnwould never do. His master had to kill this woman, he knew she wasnthe one. And if she was under the protection of that policeninspector...things could get rather complicated. This had to benstopped... ... Maryncontinued to battle with her thoughts as she stared into the firenwith a frustrated expression. A single tear fell down her cheek, butnher breathing and expression remained steady. She didn't hear Fredncome and stand in the doorway of the sitting room. Frednswallowed nervously in the doorway as he stood there in silence,nwatching her, seeing her discomfort. He didn't know what to say, ornif he should say anything so he just kept quiet..and watched her. Shenwas just sitting there, and staring into the fire. He saw the tearntrickle down her cheek. He had some understanding as to why she wouldnbe feeling this way. He knew she must be confused. And he wondered ifnshe had ever been intimate withnanother man when the situation actually meant something. Butnoh he loved her. He loved her so much. Before he found out that shenshared his feelings, he still loved her as much. He didn't care whatnshe would feel...he was bewitched. He wanted her to be safe no matternwhat the circumstance may be. \"Oh\" Mary'snvoice broke him out of his reverie. She had finally turned her gazenfrom the fire and noticed him standing there...deep in thought. Fredngave her a small smile. -silence- \"Sorrynabout before\", he finally spoke up. Shenshook her head nervously \"Oh nono s'okay\" she babbled,nstraightening her back and sniffing. \"I think I'm gonna go for anwalk...ta clear my head a bit. I'll be back\" Fredricknlooked down at his feet for a moment, and softly nodded. Before hensaid anything else, Mary was standing in front of him. She took hisnhand, making him look up at her and meet her reassuring smile. \"I'llnbe fine\" she murmured, reading his mind and body language. Shensoftly took a hold of his hand, feeling his fingers instantly curlnaround hers. \"see ya later\" she whispered, letting go ofnhis hand and walking out the door, softly shutting it behind her. Marynleaned back on the closed door with a sigh, before straightening upnand making her way down the dark street, keeping in mind to keep herndistance from the dark alleyways. Sheneventually came to the front of the Three Bells. Now, Inneed a drink. ... Netleynentered the Three Bells soon after Mary. He had seen her, walkingnquite tensely and decided to follow and she was now seated bynherself, with a drink, distress clearly written on her face. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX \"Hello\"na friendly sounding voice spoke from in front of Mary, breaking hernout of thought to look up at the man smiling down at her. He was annodd looking man, slightly hunched over, but a friendly look in hisneyes. Friendliness Mary thought was asking for something other than ansimple hello...as men usually did with her. \"Hi\"nshe mumbled, looking down at her drink. \"Yanalright. Somethin seem to be botherin ya\" \"Nothinnthat concerns you\" \"Awncome on, just tryna be friendly\" Netley then took the seatnopposite her, trying to get her attention. Marynslowly moved her gaze up from her drink and met his. \"Look. Nonbusiness tonight alright?\" Thenman gave a small chuckle. \"Aww no no I'm not that much on nnidiot. I just saw ya sittin here and thought maybe ya wanted some onento talk to ya. You look down.\" \"Ta!\"nShe snorted. \"N I'm meant to believe that?\" \"mnserious!\" Netley put a hurt face on. \"Come on, what'snbotherin ya? I'll buy ya another drink\" Marynjust rolled her eyes. She looked up to throw another comment back atnhim but he had gotten up and gone to the bar. Thisnguy isn't gonna give up! \"Herenya go\" the man said merrily, putting a glass of gin in front ofnher and taking his seat once again. \"Now what's botherin ya?\" Marynsighed, and looked up at him, realizing that he probably wouldn'tngive up any time soon. \"Whatnis it? A man maybe? if it were I wouldn't be surprised. You're verynpre'y\" he added with a warm smile. Alright...I'llnshare it with him just to shut him up...I just won't spare thendetails. ... FredricknAbberline wandered down the street Mary had previously walked down.nHe decided that he needed a drink, and also had a sneaking suspicionnthat Mary would be there as well. He didn't want to intrude on hernprivacy but he was worried. Henglanced around him, hearing the sounds of London at night...thenyelling and cursing of the homeless drunk men, the sickly, smokenfilled coughs, and sometimes the odd splattering of vomit coming fromna dark alleyway. They started to form visions that he did not feelnlie seeing at this point in time. Thankfulnthat he had finally reached the Ten Bells, he stepped aside for anyoung couple exiting the pub and strode in and went straight to thenbar. Afternordering an absinthe, he sat in the corner of the bar, and as henscanned the room while taking a swig of his drink. he spotted her.nThere she was. Mary. Sitting at a table with a man. She appeared tonbe talking with him about something serious...could she be justnpouring her thoughts out to a random stranger? Perhaps she knewnhim...he had no idea. But he couldn't help but be a little confused. Fredncontinued to watch Mary Kelly as she talked with the man. He watchednher movements...how she looked at her drink more than she looked atnthe man...sighing every now and then. And how she played with thatnbeautiful red hair occasionally, letting it run between her fingers.nAnd he couldn't help but just become completely captivated. He wasnlost...she was all he could see and he felt like he could just sit innthat corner and watch her all night. Butnthen, she stood up, breaking him out of his trance as his eyesnfollowed her. She walked to the other side of the bar, not noticingnhim and went to sit with Liz who must have just gotten there. Henlooked back at the man who was still seated at the table, but soonngot up out of his chair and began to talk to another man at the bar,nwho had confronted him with a question. \"Howndo ya know that pretty whore mate?\" The rather large manndrunkedly questioned him. Thenother man appeared to have quite a low self esteem, as he stood withnhis shoulders hunched and stuttered for an answer. But as Fredrickngot up from his table as came into view, the man seemed to find thenanswer he was looking for as he eyed the inspector. \"Oh well yanknow...Don' really know er, but I just thought she might have a fucknin er tonight...thought I'd take my chances\" he answered, makingnit purposefully loud enough for the inspector to hear. Frednjust stood frozen at the bar, his hand resting on the edge and hisnback to the men, waiting to hear more. \"Looksnlike ya didn't get much luck mate\" The other man laughed. \"NahnI didn't but she talked to me about another guy that she's plannin onngivin her stuff to...apparently he's a cop of some sort...an he's gotnmoney. She's 'opin ta get some money outta him the little whore.nShe's pre'y enough too...lil temptress.\" Theninspector bunched his fingers into a fist as he heard these words. Hendidn't know whether to believe this or not. No.nThat's not Mary...She loves me. The idiots just bein a dick. Hencouldn't take it anymore, truth or lie he didn't want to hear it. Henwalked in the direction Mary had sat (it was near the small side exitnof the pub) and the words he heard from her and Liz made his stomachnchurn. \"SonMary...how many times have ya pleasured this cop huh? How much has hengiven ya so far?\" Thatnwas it. He felt sick. He quickly exited the bar before he threw upnright there in front of everyone. He tensely walked away from the pubnand turned the corner, leaning against the wall and closing his eyes. Was it reallyntrue? Was she fooling him all this time? Was it actually all an act? How could she? How dare she play with his heart like that? \"Fuck!\" He roughly kicked the wall behind him with his heel, before standingnup straight again and starting for his home. ... \"SonMary...how many times have ya pleasured this cop huh? How much has hengiven ya so far?\" Marynlooked at her friend disgust as the words were uttered. \"Never,nLiz \" \"Likenhell ya aren't\" She laughed. \"Lookncan we just drop it please\" Mary said tiredly. \"Where's thenrest of the girls gone?\" ... Netleynsaw it all. He watched as the inspector grew un easy as he spokenabout Mary. He saw how he had to leave. Hopefully this could help.nSir William would be pleased. The man smiled to himself as he got upnand left the pub. His job was done here. ... \"AlrightnLiz, I think I'm gonna get goin' alright?\" \"Goin where Mary?\" Liz questioned teasingly. \"That coppers house Inbet.\" Marynjust sighed and shook her head. \"Bye sweetheart. Don't stay erentoo late ya hear.\" \"I'llnstay ere as long as I want Mary. Now go and give that cop somenpleasure and bring me back the money\" \"Right\"nshe murmured and got up. \"Bye\" she patted Liz's cheek asnshe left. AsnMary walked back to the inspectors place, she oddly felt a littlenbetter. Amazing what sharing your words with someone else couldndo...even if it was a complete stranger and what you shared was very un-detailed. Shenmade her way up the street with a slight spring in her step, eager tonget back to Fred and tell him she felt better. The poor man looked sonworried when she had left and she just wanted to reassure him. He wasnmore vulnerable than he seemed. \"Carefulnyoung lady\" came a low, croaky voice. Mary looked over to hernleft to see an old, frail, homeless woman lying on some stairs, Hernhair was obviously falling out, as it was quite short and thin,nsticking out in all directions. Her slits for eyes were staring intonMary's. Marynsmiled sympathetically at her. \"Careful of what?\" Thenold lady then looked up, directly above her as she spoke. The dragonnof deceit...I feel him here...saw 'im... he flew past the moon notntoo long ago. Shenthen realized this old lady must be insane. Shencontinued her ramblings. \"That dragon is sneaky...ve-ry sneaky.nThat fog that comes out 'is nostrils...it's the thickest fog 've evernseen. Stay away from 'im darling. Stay a-way...\" \"Getnsome sleep love\" Mary smiled sadly at her and began walkingnagain. She heard the woman mutter as behind her. \"Can't do that. Too risky...too risky.\" Marynfinally came to the door of Fredricks home. She gave a small knock adnwaited until she heard his footsteps. The door was opened and as henstood before her, the inspector had an odd look on his face. Itnseemed very cold, and he had a sweat on his forehead. He did not sayna word as he stopped aside to let her in and close the door behindnher. Marynturned to him with a smile, only to see his back as he remainednstill, facing the door. \"Hi\"nshe said softly putting her hand on his shoulder, making him turnnaround to face her. \"Sorrynfor the way I acted earlier\" she said to him softly, placing anhand on the front of his coat, fiddling with a button. Henclosed his eyes as she touched his coat, becoming lost in her again,nbut suddenly snapping them open again and firmly grabbing her wrist. \"What'snwro-\" \"Ifnyou've come here thinkin you can do this n fuck around with me Indon't wanna hear it ya understand?\" \"What-?\"nMary breathed \"Inthink you know what I'm talkin about Mary.\" His eyes no longernhad the love in them from before. No. They had a coldness in themnthat gave her shivers. No...nFredrick I don' know what you're talkin about.\" She spokenslowly, her eyes beginning to feel hot from tears threatening toncome. Tears that she did not want to shed. \"Sonyou don't know what you are? You don't know that you're a whore?\"nHe said in a low, threatening tone. His words tore at her heart. They burned. Shencould not understand...What had she done? What had come over him? Shenjust stared at him in silence as a silent tear slid down her cheek. Henstared back. His face like stone. But she could also see hurt in hisneyes. \"Don'tnpull that fucking act on me\" he whispered venomously, shovingnher wrist back at her as she stared at him in wide eyed shock. Henwent to walk away but stopped. \"Oh and you don't have to opennyour legs for me to stay ere. I'm not interested...if you're feelinnthe urge get the fuck out of my house and find a man who'll take yanon the street.\" \"No!nI've al-ready told you! It's not like tha-\" she was now unablento hide the shakiness in her voice. \"Don'tntalk to me\" he mumbled, as he strode across the room and downnthe hall, the slamming of his bedroom door echoing through the house,nMary letting out a shaky sob as soon as he was gone. There we have it. Chapter 2. Took menlong enough...lol. Reviews please :D ","Summary":" This is NOT business Chapter 1. Not Thinking This is set from the scene betweennMary and Fred in th"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Fox vore story","Author":"Clear-blood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7600030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Kate, kate!\" a voice yelled. Kate turned around to see a familiar rabbit come near her. She felt her belly growl and tried to control it. \"Kate!\" Her rabbit friend said, \"You have to come see this awesome cabbage patch.\" Kate stared at her rabbit friend, and said \"Cabbage patch?\" Her friend hopped closer to her. \"Yeah, a cabbage patch. It's so cool. Come on!\" Kate followed her friend from her old, dusty den through the forest to this garden of vegetables. She saw many vegetables growing on the brown fertile soil. How the vegetables shined on the ground. How the sun made steam rise from the water puddle. \"So...What exactly am I supposed to be seeing?\" Kate said, lifting up one of her paws to see the dirt underneath her fur. \"Come closer.\" Her rabbit said bringing her to a carrot, \"Doesn't it just look delicious?\" Kate glared at the carrot and then felt her stomach growl again. \"Yes it does.\" Kate said, \"and so do you.\" She muttered silently. Hunger slowly taking over her. She glanced at the rabbit, how he took a huge chunk of the carrot and chewed it slowly. Kate would slowly do the same. \"You want a bite?\" the rabbit said. Kate knew this was the opportunity and opened her mouth slowly. \"Yeah, sure...I'll take a bite.\" She said biting down on the rabbit, making sure his entire body was in her mouth. \" H e's better tasting then I thought\" she thought, as she used her tongue to make his fur wet with her saliva. He tasted like carrots, vegetables, and meat. Oh so delicious meat. Her stomach growled again, the roar overpowering her. She tilted her head back and swallowed. Her throat muscles slowly bringing her prey down her throat. The muscles were indeed strong and slowly constracted the rabbit down her throat. He was covered in wet saliva, from head to toe. His body shivering as he thrashed inside her throat. Kate had enough of it so she swallowed, with the rabbits body slowly landing into her stomach. Kate felt her stomach bulge outward, and it felt heavy. Kate put a paw on her furry, round belly and rubbed it gently. The thrashing and crying inside were making it all better. \"Rabbi, you were so delicious.\" Kate said soothingly. She rubbed her round stomach and felt a burp escape from her rumbling stomach. \"Why did you eat me?\" Rabbit questioned, pounding the inside of her stomach walls. \"Because you said to take a bite, so I did.\" Kate said giggling. She layed back and let her stomach lay in peace. \"I didn't mean it like that.\" Rabbi said with tears running down his face. He punched her stomach one more time, and sat down. Knowing that he was going to die. \"Cheer up!\" Kate said, \"At least you'll die with somebody.\" She put her paws on her stomach and closed her eyes. The rumbling of her stomach reaching her ears. Rabbi felt his body start to burn in her acids and just accepted fate...and soon, there was only silence. But little did kate know that 1)There was a guard dog watching the whole thing, 2)The guard dog hated foxes more than anything, and 3) Rabbi was one of his best friends.[Chapter 2] *Author's Note-I would just like to state for the record that this chapter isn't anything new. I just thought I'd redo the previous chapter 2 chapters that I previously done but then deleted. They didn't seem up to par with what I wanted. If you have any suggestions, please email me. I'll be happy to read them. Kate laid on her back for a solid 8 hours baking in the burning sunlight. Her orange goat glistened against the grass, as she raised her head opening her eyes to a clear blue sky. She took a deep breath and stared at her belly. Once a belly filled with delicious rabbit was now empty. Had she felt regret? A little bit, but not enough to cry over. She was the predator and he was the prey. It was only natural. Getting on her own four paws, she got up and stretched. Her aching muscles were worn out from digesting her meal. After a few pops and cracks, she began to walk back into the dark, gloomy ridges of the forest where the ground was laid with leaves, dirt, and some animal remains. As she walked, she could hear the patting of footsteps, and the various howls and hoots of other predators. If she stayed out too long, she would be the one getting killed. Growlll, Kate felt her stomach rumble and hunger took her over once again. Darn her stomach. While it does incredibly well at digesting prey, her stomach didn't like to be empty. Growlll, her stomach growled again, and she looked out for any potential prey. Nothing but dirt, leaves, and trees covered her view for miles. It would be a while before a plump rabbit or scrumptious mouse would walk along her way, or so she thought. Kate walked around the forest, and heard the sound of leaves scrunching on the ground. She tip toed around the forest until she noticed something black inching closer and closer to her. \"I saw the whole thing.\" The voice said angrily. His pitch rising in fury and frustration. Eyes as red as the blood moon in the night sky. He opened his mouth baring a sharp row of canines and a pink maw. \"He led you to his favorite place in the world, and you eat him just like that?\" Kate could only stare at the figure in silence. Her body went cold as he inched closer to her until she realized he was a dog. A beagle, brown and black in fur. He was tiny for a dog, but his fury made kate fear for her life. \"I'm..\" She opened her mouth to speak, but was at a loss for words, \"I'm sorry!\" She managed to spit out. The hound looked at her in suspended disbelief, and then seemed to twist his angry scowl into a disgruntled grin. \"Sorry, You're sorry?!\", He shouted out which made kate jump back in fear. Never has she feared for her life this much. \"If you were sorry, then you should have never taken his life in the first place!\" He was right, kate was beginning to regret the fact that she took his friend's life; but a predator's gotta eat. \"Look,\" she mumbled to calm him down, \"Can't we just let bygons be bygons? We're both predators after all.\" The dog stopped in his tracks, and just went silent. That made kate even more scared. Her heart rate increased, fur began to sweat, and her blood ran cold. She could see the anger, the fury, the blantant need to destroy in the hound's eyes; and cowarded like a prey about to get eaten. \"You're full of shit.\" He muttered, kate was taken aback at his choice of words. He bared his teeth, eyes full of fury, he pounced on kate ready to kill, and kate began the fight for her life.[Chapter 3] Author's Note= Well guys, It's finally over and it only took 5 years. Wow, I'm a real procrastinator. I hope you liked the ending, I had to really think this one out. I can't believe over 4000 people read this like wow, it amazes me that people actually read it. I was amazed when I firs saw it; but anyways enjoy it. I wish had double space. This is kinda hard to look at. The Hunter and the Hunted With the swipe of his paw, Kate felt the warm sensation of blood flow down her cheek. The sudden pain made her wince, and she felt her heart began to race for the fight of her life. This black guard dog, the Labrador, went after her with extreme prejudice. In a split decision, she weighed all her options. Stay and fight? She would surely get killed. Talking it out was out of the question as the hound seemed hellbent on destroying her very existence. Come to a compromise? Kate took one look into the hound's eyes and saw an unbent fury like the gates of hell themselves. There'd be no compromise for this hound. He wanted fox blood and would stop and nothing to get it. So with the ever so weakening legs, she decided to turn around and sprint away from the hound into the protection of the forest. \"Don't you run away from me!\" The hound screamed and chased after her, his powerful leg muscles bursting with felt her muscles ache with a throbbing pain, she hadn't expected to be out this long. All she longed for now was sleep on her soft comfy loft in her den. The den would have to wait for now as she desperately bolted away from her attacker. The rustle of leaves and the crunching of sticks on the dirt beneath her paws were the sounds she heard as she went further and further into the darkness of the woods. Ever other second, she could hear the sound of her own hard, rustled breathing and the grunts of the hound behind her. Darn! Why'd it have to be her of all foxes? All she wanted was a nice, plump rabbit to eat and here comes this psychotic hound chasing after her from the gates of hell. All she wanted was to go home, rest, relax, and eat. What a minute? That's it! Eat! Kate sprinted for a few more seconds in a straight line, and then suddenly bolted right into the woods, perfectly concealed in the trees. The hound was now in her territory. The odds were in her favor. Kate relaxed her breathing and soon found herself waiting patiently. After a few seconds, she found herself staring at the black hound out the corner of her eye looking around frantically. His fur was dirty, veins popping out of his muscles, and she could see the sweat pour down his body. He looked very appetizing, so tender, and succulent. Just like a vast, plump, juicy rabbit. Fresh Meat. \"Where'd the hell did you go?\" The hound screamed in the darkness, \"I'll make you pay for what you did!\" Kate admired his tenacity, but tonight she decided he'd be the one on the menu. It would be a tight fit to get him in her maw but she'd manage. She saw that the hound pointed his nose towards the air, and started to sniff. Shit, she'd had better make this quick before he found her scent. She shrouded herself in the darkness, slowing her breathing till it was just a whisper, and started to sneak behind him. She planted her paws carefully on the ground. One misstep, one sound, one small grunt; and kate would have her blood spilled on the dirt below her. She could feel her own anxiety, uneasiness, start to creep upon her like a plague as she got closer to the hound. It was a sense of dread that was slowly devouring her from the inside. This was it, her own heart started to beat at a rapid pace, but then it hit her. She was right behind him. She could practically smell his scent. Like a slow roasted chicken over an Oakwood fire topped with the freshest of spices from around the world, marinated for days in the finest juices, and finally right there cooked and ready to be devoured. Could she do it, would she do it. Growl! That was all Kate need to hear. She opened her mouth as wide as it could go, and bit down on his rear. She felt his taste, tender, juicy, and meat so tender that it could fall straight off the bone itself. \"What the..\" The hound said, but before he could struggle, Kate already had up to his upper torso inside her mouth. Her tongue ran all over his body like crazy, tasting every crevice of the rough, beefy, hound body. It was so sweet and tender, while his sweat made him ever so salty. She couldn't take it, she needed more! \"Stop eating me, you psycho!\" Said the hound, as he thrashed inside of her mouth. Keep struggling! Kate thought, The more they struggle the tastier they are. Oh man, I can't take it anymore! Kate swallowed again and only the hound's mouth was left. \"You monster!\", screamed the hound with his last moments of the outside world, \"I'll make you pay, I'll make you-\"Kate finally had enough and swallowed the poor hound. She could feel her neck expand , her throat reaching maximum capacity, and then felt her stomach bulge out to make room for her large meal. \"Oh man!\" Kate said as she fell onto her back, \"He was way too big\". Kate only looked forward and saw her own stomach enlarge. She looked like she swallowed a beach ball. Her stomach started to ache, and she put a paw to it and rubbed it gently. \"My poor tummy.\" Kate whispered dejectedly. She looked on and thought about the hound, how the hunter now became the hunted, He deserved it, she thought. Inside her stomach, kate could feel light thrashes on the inside, and his muffled whining. \"Rabbi, I'm sorry man! I'm so sorry.\" Said the hound inside her stomach. Tiny tears seemed to roll down his face, as he slowly looked around him. It was hot, humid, and smelled sour like bile. He tried to put up a fight, but the more he struggled the tighter he seemed to get. Like her own stomach was compressing him, crushing him. \"Ow. Stop struggling.\" Kate said as she rubbed her stomach, \"You'll end up giving me indigestion.\" The hound only struggled a bit more, and soon stopped. \"He must have suffocated. Oh well\" Kate said without a care in the world. Finally, her troubles were over. She laid back, enjoying the night sky, staring at the bright shining stars above her. It was all over. She gently rocked her head back and forth on the soft grass below her; belly full of a good meal, slowly digesting, and calmly drifted off to sleep. ","Summary":" \"Kate, kate!\" a voice yelled. Kate turned around to see a familiar rabbit come near her. She felt"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"ROBOCOP: Cop Killer","Author":"kenxepe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12475000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the RoboCop characters, and I make no money from this fan fiction. ROBOCOP: Cop Killer by Rhonnel Ferry \"We don't want to hurt anyone!\" Melvin nervously announces from under his ski mask, as he waves his Mossberg 500 pump shotgun at the frightened crowd. \"Just do as we say, and nobody gets hurt!\" \"Cash and valuables,\" his partner, Wilbert, adds just as nervously, as he covers the other side of the bus with his Benelli M4 Super 90. Veteran police officer, Jake Tanner, in plain clothes, tentatively remains in his seat, as he assesses the situation. He knows he is outgunned, having only his off-duty 5-shot revolver. The two armed robbers are young and twitchy. And with shotguns in an enclosed area, a firefight would almost guarantee civilian casualties! And then he also has to think of the family he's going home to, Molly, his wife, and his boy, Cody. Is it really worth the risk, just to take down a couple of punks? \"Look, man,\" the bus driver attempts to reason with the gunmen. \"Just calm down. We all just wanna go home-\" Melvin abruptly smacks the driver in the face with the butt of his shotgun, bloodying the man's nose! \"What did I say about staying in your seats and keeping quiet?!\" Melvin frantically screams. \"You never said that!\" the driver protests, covering his injured snout with both hands. \"You said do as we say and nobody gets hurt!\" \"Actually, he's right,\" Wilbert whispers. \"You never said that.\" \"I didn't?\" Melvin asks, then announces, \"Well, then I'm saying it now! Stay in your seats and keep quiet!\" Jake has seen enough. He's a policeman, dammit! And his pride gets the better of him. \"Alright that's enough, boys. I'm a police officer,\" he states as unthreateningly as he can, showing them his badge in one hand, his weapon in the other. \"Oh, shit!\" Wilbert shrieks, and they both point their guns at the cop. \"Relax, son,\" Jake calmly tells him. \"No one's seen your faces. No one's getting arrested. No one has to get hurt. Just walk away and-\" A gunshot booms within the large motor vehicle, followed by the passengers' united screams. Jake just stands there, shocked and confused. He turns to find a tearful, young woman, fearfully pointing a smoking pistol at him. \"Why...?\" he manages to say, before he collapses onto the metal flooring. # \"A policeman died today,\" Pat Novak announces during his show, The Novak Element. \"But you probably haven't heard anything about that. No, when a policeman dies, it isn't news. When a no good, dirty, low-life crook gets shot to death, oh you can bet it's on all the news! We got everybody crying human rights violations! We got interviews with his grieving widow! Nobody interviewed Officer Jake Tanner's widow. No, we've gotten to the point, where we don't even question or care when evil people do evil things! How did we get here?! What has happened to us, that we sympathize more with those that would hurt us, than with those that would protect us?!\" # Officer Alex Murphy, the cyborg entity known as RoboCop, uses his enhanced vision to scan the scene of the crime. Earlier, he had located the shell casing, and had it sent to ballistics so that it can be studied and traced. He knew the late Officer Jake Tanner. They weren't particularly close. But then again, Murphy never got the chance to be close to anyone in Metro South, except for his partner, Anne Lewis. Shortly after his transfer to the precinct, he was brutally murdered by Boddicker's gang, and then subsequently revived by the megacorporation OCP. He wonders, if his interest in this case, was because of the similarities he shared with the victim. A fellow cop, husband, and father. Their only difference is Murphy survived his ordeal, and avenged himself. Jake tanner will be unable to do so. # \"I was so frightened,\" Olivia Brown, a middle aged elementary school teacher and mother of two, admits to the policewoman at the Metro South precinct. \"What's strange is that it wasn't either of those two...hooligans that shot that poor man!\" \"Who shot him?\" Officer Anne Lewis inquires, as she types the information into her computer. \"It was the young woman sitting right next to me! We just met, and were talking about life in the city. She looked so pretty and innocent. You wouldn't think she'd be capable of such a horrible thing!\" \"Hmm...maybe she's their back up. A passenger that's in on it. Just in case something unexpected happens. Would you be able to describe her? To a police sketch artist, I mean.\" \"Oh, absolutely.\" \"That would be a great help, ma'am. Let me just contact-\" \"Uhm...is he here, by any chance?\" Olivia interrupts, craning her neck to look around. Anne's brow furrows. \"The...sketch artist?\" \"No. The robot. He's your partner, right?\" \"Oh! Officer Alex Murphy.\" \"No! No! The police robot! The one you always see in the news. The big, metal guy-\" \"That's...that's his name. Officer Alex Murphy.\" Olivia gasps, \"You gave it a name?!\" Anne glares at her, but manages to maintain her composure. Barely. \"No. No, I didn't give him that name. That's the name he was born with-\" \"Are you two a thing?\" Olivia whispers. \"What?!\" \"Just between us girls. How do you do it? Does he have like a robo penis in there?\" \"EXCUSE ME?!\" \"Is it like a vibrator?\" # The moment Alex enters the police station, Anne angrily marches towards him, and stiffly hands him a print out. \"What's this?\" he asks. \"What does it look like?! That's a facial composite of our shooter! No priors! No nothing!\" \"Why are you shouting?\" \"I'm not shouting!\" \"Why are you angry?\" \"I'M NOT ANGRY! Now, come on! We've got a cop killer to find!\" And she marches outside. \"But,...I just got here.\" # Their Ford Taurus squad car comes to a halt in front of Garcia's Tavern, a shoddy bar in the inner city. \"I wanna talk to this guy alone,\" Anne suggests to Alex. \"Stay in the car, OK?\" \"But I have a built in polygraph.\" Anne smiles. \"I've been a cop so long, I've developed a bit of a lie detector, myself.\" Alex doesn't argue the point. Anne leans over, then playfully pecks him on the lips. \"What was that for?\" he asks her. \"That's your reward,\" she answers, then exits the vehicle. # Earl Garcia momentarily looks up at Anne as she enters, before going back to cleaning a large beer mug. \"Esposito was already in here earlier,\" he surly tells her, without taking his eyes off the glass. \"Your arrangement with Officer Esposito is between you and him,\" Anne replies, then slides the drawing of the suspect across the counter. The bartender looks at it for only one second, before sliding it right back. \"I'm not a snitch either.\" \"I wasn't asking you to snitch. I want you to help spread the word. You know those little misdemeanors most cops tend to overlook? Streetwalking, gambling,...liquor law violations.\" Earl finally looks up and scowls at the policewoman. Unperturbed, Anne continues, \"Well, we're not going to be overlooking them anymore. Not until this cop killer is found.\" \"You know, I heard stories about cops torturing inmates,\" Earl says. \"Pretty girl like that, what do you think they're going to do to her?\" \"Nothing she doesn't have coming. If you change your mind, my number's on the back.\" She leaves the copy of the composite on the counter. \"What if I told you that she's not a bad kid?\" Earl calls after her. \"That she just had a rough life, and got mixed in with a bad crowd?\" \"Good kids don't just shoot people in the back.\" # \"You shot a cop!\" Wilbert hisses at Claudia, as they sit around a small, wooden, round table at the 9 Ball Pool Hall, the Nevermind Gang's favorite hangout. \"That's like a death sentence!\" \"Relax, man,\" Melvin attempts to calm him. \"She basically saved us.\" \"Saved us?! That cop was gonna let us walk-\" \"Yea, and you believed him?!\" Claudia snaps at him. \"Look, I think the best thing we should do now, is get out of the city as fast as we can-\" \"How?! Every cop in the city is gonna be looking for us! And every crook isn't gonna want anything to do with us!\" \"Not everyone!\" Derek, a tall, bronze-skinned, well-muscled dread, and a high ranking member of the gang interjects. \"Sh-shit, boss,\" Wilbert stutters. \"We're sorry. It was all Claudia. She did it. She panicked and-\" \"What are you apologizing for, Wilbert? For shooting a pig?! As far as I'm concerned, this gives the Nevermind Gang major cred!\" Melvin and Claudia smile at each other, but Wilbert remains apprehensive. Derek continues, \"The police have their brotherhood? Well, so do we! And if they want war, then they will learn that we are more than capable of obliging them.\" # \"Ever hear of Blue Lives Matter?\" Anne asks with a hint of melancholy, as she stares out at the near empty streets through the venetian blinds. It is late, and the precinct is nearly empty. \"Of course,\" Alex answers. \"It was a pro-police movement 14 years ago. It was started after the killings of two NYPD officers in Brooklyn, New York. It was made up of active and retired law enforcement officers-\" \"Yea, yea. You've heard of it. No need for the history lesson. Did you know how heavily criticized it was? A couple of our own die, a group of cops say it matters, and they get criticized for it. And now, we got a cop killer with a pretty face. Can you imagine what they're gonna do with that one? I just know we're gonna be the bad guys again once the media's done with this.\" \"Officer Lewis?\" Carla, the front desk officer calls. \"There's someone asking for you. He says he has information about the cop killer.\" Anne's eyes widen. \"I'll be right down!\" She follows Carla to the lobby, where she finds a young man, possibly a Pacific islander, in a plain white shirt, faded jeans, and sneakers. A tattoo on his forearm identifies him as a member of the notorious street gang, the Nevermind Gang. \"You the lady cop been handing drawings around of that girl?\" he asks. \"Yes. I am Officer Anne Lewis. And you are?\" \"My name's Wilbert. I wanna cut a deal.\" # \"No one was suppose to get hurt, I swear,\" Wilbert sobs in his chair at the interrogation room. \"Tell that to the bus driver with the broken nose,\" Anne remarks. \"That was Melvin!\" \"So everyone's to blame but you, huh?\" \"Exactly! That's what I been tellin' you!\" \"How about the shooter? What's her name?\" \"Claudia. Claudia Gatdula. She's at the 9 Ball Pool Hall. But I don't know for how long. She was talkin' about skipping town earlier-\" \"Stay with him,\" Alex tells Anne. \"I'll give Sergeant Reed a call,\" Anne replies. \"We'll need that judge friend of his. Don't want her to get off on a technicality.\" \"Hey, we got a deal, right?!\" Wilbert reminds them. \"Yes, yes. You got your deal,\" Anne assures him. # Derek himself, followed by two of his armed men, exit the pool hall when they notice the squad car pull up. \"Oh, shit,\" one of Derek's men reacts when RoboCop steps out of the vehicle. \"They mean business.\" \"So do we,\" Derek reassures him. \"I prepared for the worst.\" \"I'm not here for you,\" Alex informs the gang leader. \"Not today. I have a warrant for the arrest of Claudia Gatdula.\" \"Oh, so you think just because you have some piece of paper, you could just go ahead and do whatever you want, huh?!\" Alex pauses for a second. \"Well,...actually, yes. That's...basically what a warrant is for.\" \"Oh. Well, um...s-screw you, pig!\" \"Yea, you tell 'em, boss,\" one of Derek's thugs chimes in. Alex ignores them. \"Claudia Gatdula!\" he announces. \"This is your last chance to surrender yourself!\" \"Hey!\" Derek growls, pulling out his Beretta Model 92FS. \"We're not done talking! You talk to me, pig!\" \"He disrespecting you, Boss,\" one of Derek's thugs chimes in. Alex doesn't respond, and instead scans the area. There must be a reason why the gang leader is so confident. Up on the roof! A man, getting in position, with an anti-materiel rifle! A weapon like that could penetrate even RoboCop's titanium armored shell! Derek is simply trying to buy the sniper some time. A mechanical holster opens out of RoboCop's right thigh. He quickly draws his Auto-9 handgun, aims, and then fires! The bullet shatters the rifle scope, and continues through the sniper's eye and into his brain! Derek shoots the officer in the mouth, but RoboCop blocks the bullet in time! The slug ricochets off his metal palm, and instead hits Derek in the mouth, shattering his front teeth, and exiting through the gang leader's nape! \"Oh shit oh shit!\" one of Derek's thugs screams. He and his fellow gangster open fire with their shotguns, but the attacks prove ineffective against the cyborg's tough armor! RoboCop returns fire with three round bursts to the chests of both men! All four gang members die near simultaneously. Alex uses his thermal vision. There are twenty hostiles inside the establishment. Most are armed with revolvers, shotguns, and Uzis, though one has a light machine gun. That could prove challenging. Then his built in directional microphone picks up the sound of someone attempting to start a car in the parking lot behind the pool room. \"Come on, dammit!\" he hears a man's voice say. \"Hurry up already!\" a woman's voice follows. It could be Claudia attempting an escape. Now, Alex could choose to go right through the building. The resulting firefight would be risky, but it would exciting, violent, and bloody! Which is actually Alex Murphy's preferred style. But tonight is not about Alex Murphy. Alex Murphy had already been avenged a long time ago. Tonight is about the late Officer Jake Tanner. Alex decides to go around. # \"Come on, dammit!\" Melvin grunts, as he again tries the key to his cheap, used hatchback. \"Hurry up already!\" Claudia screams in the passenger seat. \"Christ, I told you to get rid of this lousy piece of garbage-!\" \"Hey! This is my baby! Do not talk about her like that!\" And suddenly the engine starts. \"Haha! Yeah!\" Melvin cries out. \"See?! I told you-!\" They are both startled by a loud bang from somewhere behind them, that causes the whole car to shake! Melvin looks out the window, and sees that they didn't just lose a rear tire. They had lost the entire left wheel! RoboCop aims his Auto-9, and fires again! This time, the right rear wheel is completely obliterated! \"Claudia, run!\" Melvin yells. He opens the car door, steps out, and attempts to pull out a pistol, but it gets caught in his waistband. \"Oh, come on!\" he screams in frustration. \"You're lucky you can't pull the gun out,\" Alex tells him. \"It saved your life.\" RoboCop bitch-slaps him! Melvin pirouettes three times like a ballerina, before falling unconscious on the parking lot floor. Claudia is running away on the street as fast as she can. \"Halt, or I will fire!\" Alex warns her. She doesn't halt. Alex shoots her through the calf! Claudia squeals, stumbles, then falls down. The cyborg officer approaches her. She pulls out a Glock 19. \"Don't!\" Alex warns her again, pointing his own gun at her. \"Toss the weapon away!\" She fearfully obeys. \"W-what's going to happen to me?!\" she sobs. \"Ask a judge,\" Alex answers. \"I'm just a cop.\" # \"Claudia Gatdula,\" Pat Novak says pensively during his show, The Novak Element, as he looks at a copy of the facial composite Officer Lewis had been handing around. \"That's the name of your cop killer. Not a hitman, or a hardened criminal,...but a poor, little, immigrant girl with the visage of an angel.\" He then faces the camera and continues, \"See, it's easy to paint big megacorporations like OCP as the bad guys. Though most of you probably do that out of jealousy of the rich. But the hard truth is, EVIL TAKES ALL FORMS! It can be rich, it can be poor! It can be man, it can be woman! It can be black, it can be white! It can be straight,...and evil can be gay.\" He looks at the drawing one more time, then turns it around for the audience to see, before he closes the show. END ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the RoboCop characters, and I make no money from this fan fiction. "},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Dank Robo Cop","Author":"Olivia Lineheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11827992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Short Story by Olivia Lineheart Robo Cop had always hated dank Wearhouse full of drugs after he busted open a crime scene and killed everybody with its drab, decomposing drugs. It was a place where he felt longing. He was a dank, super dank, robo dogu's semen drinker with ginger leg and metalic butt. His friends saw him as a jealous, joyous jelly filled chocolate. Once, he had even helped an excited his emotions cross the road. That's the sort of man he was. Robo walked over to the window and reflected on his really dank surroundings. The rainy teased like killing robu dogu. Then he saw something in the distance, or rather some one . It was the figure of Robo Dogu. Robo was a dankish soccer player with muscular leg and furry butt. Robo gulped. He was not prepared for Robo. As Robo stepped outside and Robo came closer, he could see the glorious glint in her eye. \"I am here because I want petting,\" Robo bellowed, in an explosive tone. She slammed her fist against Robo's chest, with the force of 5649 sea horses. \"I frigging love you, Robo Cop.\" Robo looked back, even more loved and still fingering the dank c4. \"Robo, I am your father,\" he replied. They looked at each other with disgust feelings, like two proud, pongy pigs petting at a very furry murder fest, which had heavy metal music playing in the background and two murdery uncles stroking to the beat. Suddenly, Robo lunged forward and tried to punch Robo in the face. Quickly, Robo grabbed the dank c4 and brought it down on Robo's skull. Robo's muscular leg trembled and her furry butt wobbled. She looked desire, her body raw like a thoughtless, tender the sun. Then she let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Robo Dogu was dead. Robo Cop went back inside and made himself a nice drink of robo dogu's semen. THE END ","Summary":" A Short Story by Olivia Lineheart Robo Cop had always hated dank Wearhouse full of drugs after he b"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Murphy, It's you","Author":"Blossomangel85","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12201512","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Murphy, It's you Characters: Robocop and Anne Lewis Robocop stared at the woman in uniform rather blankly, Who was she? And why was she calling him Murphy? His mind was a mess with things he didn't understand. He had only just woken up from a nightmare in which he was remember small things about his death.. About the pain, and the will to hold onto life as best he could till medical help came and now this.. This woman that he didn't remember very well telling him who he was.. /Murphy/.. That name, it sounded familiar to him.. was that his name? Was that who he is? As he was processing he heard footsteps and voices coming towards him.. As confused as he was, he needed to continue. He was needed.. it recorded her words for future reference, already aware he would use it later and turned slowly speaking as he walked past her, \"Excuse me, I have to go, somewhere there is a crime happening\". With that, the cyborg they called Robocop walked away, heading towards the garage to find his car to do his nightly patrol, the words leaving an ever lasting impression in his head Hey Readers, This is just a short fiction based on an illustration a friend Eva drew and she has kindly let me use it for my fiction. This is just very short but I may expend on it and do a version from Lewis's POV and if people like it, It may inspire me to do more Robocop based fictions. ","Summary":" Murphy, It's you Characters: Robocop and Anne Lewis Robocop stared at the woman in uniform rather b"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Long Live the King","Author":"AM83220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12487488","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Long Live the King Within the multiverse are an almost infinite number of parallel universes existing side by side. Many vary wildly from one to another, yet all trace back to exactly the same beginning. As time has progressed in each version of reality, however, a seemingly trivial difference in one universe has frequently led to a vast divergence from the events of an otherwise identical universe. Very often this difference amounted to a single life, one person acting as the fulcrum upon which destiny turned-or whose absence in the world sent fate spiraling down a different path. The great and the infamous of history are naturally very well represented among this select group, yet an even greater number are people unknown to the record of the ages in any dimension, seemingly ordinary folk whose lives would at first glance appear to have made no difference whatsoever. Gregory Poulos, city councilor under Mayor Marvin Kuzak of the city of Detroit in the year 2044 A.D., was one such individual. In the world you know, Poulos betrayed the Mayor to the Omni Consumer Products mega-corporation, the OCP. In the one we will examine here he never had that chance. ΩΩΩΩΩ This was the kind of opportunity which came along once in a lifetime, and Greg Poulos had no intention of letting it pass him by. If this mysterious backer actually bailed out the city and paid its debt to the OCP, Mayor Kuzak was certain to be re-elected in a landslide, and as an ally of the Mayor and a city councilor he would certainly prosper. That prospective benefit, however, paled into insignificance compared to the rewards the OCP would surely heap upon him for alerting them to this situation; they might even go so far as to put him in charge of Delta city once it was completed! The mere thought sent a surge of energy through Poulos' portly frame as the mustached, glasses-wearing man quickened his pace still further, hurrying down the hall toward his office. He felt no guilt over betraying his old friend, only a barely contained excitement at his own suddenly much brighter future. \"Janet, hold all my calls!\" he barked to his secretary as he entered, huffing and puffing from both his exertion and his exhilaration. At fifty-five years of age, Gregory was thirty pounds overweight and had a family history of heart disease. He had also been a cigar smoker for the past three and a half decades and his virtual sprint to his office was the most exercise he'd had in weeks. Without warning his left arm seemed to go numb. He paused swaying in the doorway of his office, struggling to breath. A piercing pain erupted in his chest as cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He crumpled to the floor, victim of a myocardial infraction. By the time the paramedics arrived at the scene he was dead and the ensuing resuscitation efforts proved unsuccessful. ΩΩΩΩΩ Unlike most of the rest of Detroit, the underground parking lot of the Omni-Consumer Products world headquarters was both well-lit and secure. There were no burned out or broken lights, no homeless people seeking shelter in the structure, no drug-addicted junkies lying in wait to mug the affluent. Ordinarily this apparent immunity to the decay afflicting the rest of the city would have irritated Marvin Kuzak, but not today. Today it only made it all the easier to see the expression on the Old Man's face when he revealed the mounds of cash. \"This represents full payment of the debt the city owes to your company,\" Mayor Kuzak said, gesturing to the open back doors of the armored car parked a few feet away. It was a damn shame there were no reporters here to document his triumph, but the press would find out what had happened soon enough, and it would be front page news! He had done the impossible and singlehandedly saved the city of Detroit! \"How?\" the Chairman of the Board of the OCP hissed, his eyes figuratively shooting fire. \"How did you scrape together this much?! The city is broke!\" \"Not anymore,\" the Mayor beamed. \"An anonymous benefactor came to the rescue of Detroit.\" \"'Anonymous benefactor,'\" the Chairman of the Board sneered. \"You expect me to believe that?\" By the elderly man's side that toady of his, Donald Johnson, shifted uneasily. \"I don't care what you believe. The debt is paid,\" Mayor Kuzak concluded. He turned on his heel and walked toward his limousine, leaving one of the most powerful men in the world fuming impotently behind him. Oh, this was sweet ! As he settled comfortably back into the Corinthian leather seats, Marvin Kuzak turned his mind to fulfilling his side of the deal he'd made with the kid. The people of Detroit would never understand the lengths to which he'd had to go to in order to save their city, so it was essential that they never find out. He pondered the matter as his limousine made its way back to City Hall. By the time the long black car eased itself into his reserved parking space, he thought he'd hit upon a solution. ΩΩΩΩΩ \"Officer Lewis, Officer Murphy,\" Sgt. Reed greeted them as they entered his austere office. \"Please, have a seat.\" \"I'm talking to you now as the Police Union representative and negotiator,\" he clarified. \"I'm not going on strike again,\" Lewis declared forcefully. Robocop said nothing, his visor fixed firmly on the black Sergeant seated behind the desk. \"I'm not asking you to,\" Reed clarified. \"In fact, we've just gotten an offer from the Mayor to settle the strike. He's offering to reinstate our pensions and increase salaries by 5%.\" \"That sounds great! So what's the catch?\" Lewis questioned. \"Mayor Kuzak put a few conditions on the offer. First, now that we've taken down Caine and his drug-dealers, he wants the department to concentrate on quality of life crimes. He also wants the two of you to accept promotions to Detective and transfers to Homicide.\" \"Why?\" Robocop asked in his mechanically resonant voice. \"Because he wants to portray you as the city's hero,\" Sgt. Reed explained, \"and he wants to share in your reflected glory by being seen to reward you. The same with you, Lewis,\" he nodded at the policewoman. \"So he wants to use us as propaganda pieces?\" Lewis asked with a scowl. \"He does,\" Reed agreed, \"and he's made it clear that this condition is not negotiable.\" Sgt. Reed leaned forward across the deck toward his two officers. \"I can't force you to accept this. It's your choice,\" he concluded quietly. Lewis paused in uncharacteristic hesitation. She liked being a beat cop and the idea of being used as a public relations prop didn't sit well with her. Still, this was a chance to settle the strike once and for all, mostly on their terms, to restore the pensions and salaries which had been slashed. Could she really pass that up? She turned toward her partner, ready to take her lead from him. He turned toward her, then back to Sergeant Reed. \"I will accept the promotion and transfer,\" Robocop assented. She should have expected that decision. Of course Murphy would want to save the pensions, the families, of his co-workers. And she could do no less. \"I will too,\" she agreed. ΩΩΩΩΩ Eight years later . . . Hob parked his royal blue 7000 Sux in his reserved space in the private lot adjoining his building. Exiting the car the six foot one, brown-haired twenty-two year-old stretched his lean frame before closing and locking the driver's door. As he strolled toward the doorway of his building a raggedly dressed, bearded man about twenty feet down the block hurried up toward him. The apparently homeless man's left hand was extended out beseechingly as he begged for loose change. Hob's right hand dove into his suit jacket, but instead of his wallet he pulled out a nickel-plated Desert Eagle .44 Magnum and leveled it at the approaching individual's torso. \"Drop it,\" Hob ordered coldly. The bleary-eyed man scowled, hesitating for a second before letting the still-unopened switchblade which had been concealed in his right hand fall to the pavement. \"If I ever see you in this neighborhood again, I'll put a bullet through you. Understand?\" Hob asked warningly. With a grunt the man started to move away, stopping at the click of the weapon's hammer being drawn back. \"Do you understand?\" Hob pointedly asked again, menace coloring his voice. The man's tongue flicked out, licking at his cracked lips. \"Yeah. Yeah, I understand,\" he admitted. Making a shooing motion with his free hand, Hob kept his aim dead steady until the would-be mugger was out of sight. Then he eased the hammer down, flipped the safety back on, and reholstered his legally registered pistol. With a casual kick he sent the switchblade skidding across the sidewalk and down through the bars of a sewer grate. Visible tension in the man's shoulders and his right hand out of sight behind his back, not to mention the blaring warning of Hob's instincts, had been all he had needed. It was good to know that years of living a soft, easy life hadn't dulled his observational skills or his sense of danger. And his last eight years, after he had taken control of the Nuke drug ring, had been absurdly easy compared to his first fourteen. With the Mayor shifting the focus of the police department away from his business he had reaped enormous profits, even considering the price reduction he had implemented for his product. Secure in the lap of luxury Hob had indulged himself by dining on the finest foods and had read dozens of books each week, at last sating both his hunger and his incessant thirst for knowledge. It had been absolutely wonderful for many months. Gradually, however, he had become uncomfortable. A seed of restless discontent had taken root and grown within him. He had tried to ignore it, but the feeling had only increased as time went on. At last he had turned his analytical ability upon himself, seeking to understand what it was about his virtually heavenly existence which was bothering him so much. He remained stymied by the question until in his readings he had stumbled upon a supposed quote attributed to Alexander the Great: \"I have conquered the world, and I have no more worlds to conquer!\" The lament had struck a powerful chord within the sixteen year-old. For as long as he could remember he had struggled to survive, to claw his way up from literally nothing to a position of safety and power. Now he had finally achieved his goal, and like Alexander, he had found himself empty of purpose and deeply missing the absent challenge. It was actually a relief when, shortly after this realization, a few of his dealers were arrested. An angry call to the Mayor had brought the defense that the rate of Nuke addiction was such in Detroit that there was no longer any way to hold the police back. He could have exposed the Mayor in retaliation, but that would have served no purpose. It was much better to have a Mayor indebted to him in office, even if Kuzak couldn't wholly leash the police. Yet doing nothing was also not an option; that would be an invitation for the police to dismantle his business piecemeal. The teen had learned long ago that in general the key to dealing with those who could benefit you and those who opposed you alike was exactly the same: determine and utilize the best means of ensuring that they would want to do your will! That was how he had secured Caine's favor, turned Officer Duffy into an informant, taken control of Caine's gang and gained influence over the Mayor, in each case positioning himself as the one who could give the person in question what he most desired. Violence was always an option and sometimes necessary, but it was considerably more efficient and more profitable to turn problems into assets rather than to bury them. Yet this problem had resisted any easy solution. He could hardly sway the entire police force and, while he was certain he could recruit new spies in the department, that would only frustrate and ameliorate the police efforts to take down his cartel, not prevent them. Hob had toyed briefly with the idea of literally destroying the police force. He had the manpower, could obtain any special weapons needed from Francis Reynard, the black market arms dealer who had provided the .50 caliber machinegun used in his plan to capture Robocop, and he had been more than confident in his own ability to devise a devastating battle strategy. The problem was the consequences which would follow such a bold move. Massacring the Detroit police department would spark a massive response from the state and federal governments. The national guard would be called out, martial law would be declared and he and his organization would inevitably fall. It would be a Pyrrhic victory, to take again from his historical readings. Playing things out as they had stood would have led to his eventual defeat. Those with a fondness for chess metaphors might have said he was looking at eventual checkmate, but Hob had always disdained such comparisons. Enjoyable game though it was, chess was set and static, whereas real life was inherently fluid and changeable. Hence the answer was to shift the parameters of the conflict, in this case by expanding the battlefield. He had at his disposal the sole supply of the most addictive, pleasurable drug yet invented and there would be a market for that not only in Detroit, but nationwide. Expanding into other cities and states, however, would bring him into conflict with the already established crime cartels therein. Winning such turf wars would take too much time and resources, human and otherwise. Instead he had sent Angie to make contact with the other organizations, requesting that they serve as his middlemen for Nuke and asking in return for a mere thirty percent of the profits garnered from their Nuke trade. While these diplomatic overtures had been going on Hob had dramatically downscaled his dealing in Detroit, instructing his dealers drop the names of cities he expected would soon have a ready supply of Nuke. As expected, several of the criminal heads had accepted his offer, thereby taking over for themselves all of the difficulties involved in establishing dealer dens in new cities. Since he remained the only provider of Nuke, even the third of the profits he was taking would vastly increase his income rather than decreasing it. Furthermore, by delegating the dealing to underworld figures in other regions he insulated himself from law enforcement. Hob had eventually settled on dead-drops as the best means of drug delivery and had selected sites in each of the cities. The chosen derelict homes were purchased under false names, the basement thoroughly secured, and a schedule established for the cartel in question to visit the house and pick up the Nuke shipment his people would have deposited in the locked cellar days before. The member of his organization would have no direct contact whatsoever with the new dealers. Even if his \"partners\" were caught and wanted to turn state's evidence, they couldn't, since all they would be able to give up was the address where they picked up the Nuke and the Cayman Island account to which they transferred his share of the profits. The primary danger to him lay in a stake-out of the dead-drop meant to identify and follow the deliverers. In anticipation of this threat he had Angie approach a homeowner he had vetted in each of the neighborhoods in which his chosen \"delivery house\" was located. That homeowner would receive three thousand dollars a month and his sole responsibility would be to keep an eye out for any signs of a stake-out. The process of devising and working all of this out had reinvigorated Hob and gotten him moving again. Yes, he'd achieved a great deal and had everything he desired-in the short term. That meant it was time to start looking to and planning for the long term, including finding a new goal. Lazy living and plenty of good food had actually made him slightly overweight, which was not only disturbing, but a conceivable impediment to his survival! It was a difficulty he had not faced before, since he would never have grown fat on the streets; for much of his life his biggest problem had been finding enough food! Hob had arranged for instruction from a private martial arts teacher and through that and vigorous exercise he had soon regained his previous slimness. Learning karate had also served the vital purpose of giving him far better hand to hand combat ability. Although he planned to continue relying on outsmarting and outwitting others, having a second degree black belt in reserve was reassuring, not to mention deeply satisfying. Preoccupied with relieving these memories Hob failed to greet the small lobby's receptionist as he entered. \"Good morning, Mr. Damon,\" Michael Deveraux offered. \"Morning, Mike,\" he returned to the man. Long ago Hob had tried and failed to locate any official records of his existence and had hypothesized that his mother had given birth to him outside of a hospital. He'd addressed this issue by creating a legitimate identity for himself, adopting the name of Gabriel Damon. Approaching the door behind the reception desk Hob peered into the retinal scanner and heard the door unlock. Pulling it open he passed into the short hall behind it, going down to the third door on his right, opening it and strolling into the main lab. His best researcher, Melinda McAllister, was already at work, bent over the central table in the room rather than at the advanced modeling computers. The thirty year-old woman's long, raven hair fell down her back, her emerald green eyes fetchingly narrowed in concentration. At the sound of his entrance she looked up and smiled at him. \"Good morning, Mr. Damon,\" she offered cheerily. \"Good morning, Melinda,\" Hob responded fondly. \"Beating the boss into work, huh? Are you bucking for a raise?\" \"I wouldn't say no to one,\" she rejoined. \"Make a breakthrough on this project and I'll consider it,\" he offered. \"That's why I got here early this morning! I've been rethinking the circuit configuration we've been using . . .\" Hob listened to and appreciated her words on an intellectual level, while simultaneously appreciating Melinda herself on a sexual level. Multi-tasking was an essential skill for any successful businessman. He'd hired Melinda for his specialized tech company start-up eight months ago and since then he'd learned to appreciate not only her drive and intelligence, but her beauty as well. Lately he'd been seriously considering the idea of initiating a less . . . formal relationship with her. It would have to be carefully done, to avoid any implication of coercion or sexual harassment. Given the way she looked at him sometimes he thought she might not be averse to dinner and drinks with her wunderkind boss if the invitation was properly phrased. And if all went well, then they could follow up with a real date which could evolve into more. Though Melinda was the first woman he'd ever been truly romantically interested in, Hob was no stranger to physical intimacy; Angie had taught him quite a lot about that. He missed her to this day, her Nuke addiction having claimed her life almost four years ago. It was a prime example of why he had never considered partaking of the drug himself. Nuke was a source of intense short-term pleasure, at the cost of one's overall health and longevity. That was a trade-off no rational, clear-sighted person would accept. His customer base tended to possess neither of these qualities, however, so perhaps their choice was in fact the best one for them. Angie's death had served to finalize Hob's decision concerning his next ambition. Aided by his eidetic memory, he had directed his self-education toward learning and reading everything he could about his newly chosen field of endeavor and had legally incorporated his first legitimate company, Cyber Innovations. The OCP's own cyber division had been all but dismantled after their latest attempt to replicate RoboCop had run amok, killing several dozen people in the OCP headquarters before finally being brought down by a police SWAT team and the original RoboCop. The market void created by the mega-corporation's abandonment of the field had yet to be fully filled, giving his newborn firm a commercial niche to exploit. Small though it was, CI was already gaining a reputation for the quality of the artificial hearts and prosthetic limbs they provided. Though not yet in the black, current projections showed they would begin turning a profit within the next quarter. That was a tertiary consideration, of course; after all, he hardly needed the money! Much more important was the intellectual effort and challenge involved in striving to reach the pinnacle of his new field. Most important of all was the prize which awaited him at that summit. RoboCop was still going strong after all these years, in spite of everything he had been subjected to in the course of duty (including Hob's own dismembering of the police officer). And this with tech almost a decade old! Unlike the vast majority of those his age, Hob held no illusions about his own mortality. His biological body would eventually fail him . . . but a cybernetic form would not. He had no desire for an existence like RoboCop's, as the unmistakable melding of man and machine. No, Hob intended to sacrifice neither his appearance nor his emotions. His plan involved a transfer of his brain into an android body indistinguishable from that of a normal man. Psychologically he had no fears whatsoever regarding how he would adapt to such a transfer. A bit of bribery-facilitated industrial espionage had produced the archived OCP documents pertaining to the numerous failed cybernetic projects which had followed the success of the first RoboCop. The reports had in the end concurred that it was the original subject's strong will to live and his Roman-Catholic faith which had enabled him to endure his new state without becoming suicidal. Hob might not possess religious faith, but he had ample and well-justified faith in himself. As for his will to live, he'd proven that beyond question time and time again. No, the barrier holding him back at present was technological. The machinery and circuitry would need to be miniaturized as much as possible, refined and improved in form and function. It would be perhaps a decade or more before he could even begin to draft preliminary plans for his android form. Once he'd achieved transfer, though, time would cease to be a serious consideration for him. With his brilliant mind and vast fortune behind him, who could say what conquests he would seek and achieve then? Authors Notes : Hob, the strategically skilled young genius from RoboCop 2, has long been one of my favorite villains in all of fiction! He came so close to winning, and his unique, engaging character was by far the best part of that movie. It was fun to write out this speculation of what his future might have been like, if not for the traitor Polous. Incidentally, Gabriel Damon was the name of the actor who so ably portrayed Hob. Lastly and most importantly, the entire idea of writing this story in the first place was given to me by author 90TheGeneral09. Make sure you check out some of his stories as well! ","Summary":" Long Live the King Within the multiverse are an almost infinite number of parallel universes existi"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Вечер в Мидтауне","Author":"Inflate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12373684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Закат наступил, стремительно обрушивая оранжево-лиловое зарево, простирающееся до горизонта. Солнечный свет таял, скрываясь за ломаной линией высоток, прощальными лучами лаская грязно-красные стены пустующих праджектов.* Когда ослепительный огонь заката заглядывал в черные глазницы окон – дома вновь казались живыми. Но только на мгновение: солнце пряталось, забирая с собой свет, а небо постепенно окрашивалось в насыщенный синевато-черный, словно лист бумаги, на который опрокинули чернильницу, погружая Детройт в унылую темноту ночи. Пожалуй, закат – единственное время, когда Мидтаун можно было назвать красивым. Потом он начинал напоминать мрак. Всё то отребье, что прячется в заброшенных домах при свете дня, ночью выходит на охоту, словно хищники. Но на каждого хищника найдется умелый охотник. И у полиции такой имелся. Алексу не всегда доставались опасные задания, вроде тотальных зачисток. Иногда с него хватало и патрулирования в Мидтауне Детройта: опасного места для полицейских, не имеющих такой прочной брони, поэтому они избегали этих районов, что было проблемой для обычных жителей, которым не повезло иметь в соседях кучи заброшек, населенных бандами, наркоманами и бродягами. Детройт был городом контрастов. Пока центр купался в свете небоскребов, уличных фонарей и неоновых вывесок, Мидтаун тонул во тьме во всех смыслах. Одни кварталы на окраине были заселены обычными семьями, но всего через улицу, скрываясь за ржавым забором и грядой шатких лачуг, начиналась разруха, требующая пристального внимания стража порядка. Двигатель мерно урчал, когда Алекс снизил скорость, чтобы взглянуть на небо: перистые облака ложились тонкими линиями, оттеняя черноту серебром. Безмятежное зрелище завораживало и напоминало, что рабочий день подошел к концу. Он опустил голову, но скорость повышать не стал – спешить не хотелось, стоило пользоваться редкими мгновениями свободы, когда существуешь лишь ты и дорога… и непрестанно следящая за каждым шагом команда ученых, но на это он предпочитал не обращать внимания. Разъезжать на С1 было одним удовольствием, хотя мотоцикл имел очень низкую посадку: если бы не стальной каркас вместо органического тела – спина бы болела от долгой езды. Пожалуй, какой-то плюс в своем положении он сумел найти. Жаль, что свободу не удалось распробовать на вкус – заряд батареи низкий, пора возвращаться в лабораторию. Байк послушно повернул на соседнюю улицу – еще один «квартал контраста» с уймой заброшенных участков вперемешку с жилыми домами, провожающими путников теплым, уютным светом окон. Еще немного – и гетто останется позади, открывая дорогу в яркий и оживленный Даунтаун, попасть в который Алекс вовсе не стремился. Мама шла чуть впереди, разговаривая с подругой, строго-настрого запретив Лео отставать. Но малыш ослушался. Не по своей воле, нет. Он всего лишь засмотрелся на вывеску, витиеватым шрифтом гласящую о продаже участка. Когда он отвернулся от красочного плаката с красивыми завитушками, то к своему ужасу обнаружил, что мамы рядом уже нет. Сначала Лео, постаравшись взять себя в руки, вознамерился сам ее найти, пойдя вперед и не прося помощи у немногочисленных прохожих, которые желали добраться домой до темноты. Переулок за переулком, улица за улицей, а мамы нигде не было. Прохожие медленно исчезли из поля зрения, начало темнеть, давая малышу Лео понять, что он остался один, уйдя настолько далеко, что уже не сможет вернуться на то место, где потерялся. А еще он познал интересный, но страшный факт: ночь никогда не бывает тихой – она постоянно шумит: гул трансформатора, размеренный шум машин, проезжающих по шоссе где-то за пределами видимости, копошения животных в баках для мусора или… что-то намного страшнее. Лео боялся. Он не мог бы передать словами, в какой панике сейчас находился – его пугало буквально все, и он понятия не имел, у кого просить помощи. Лео бродил уже несколько часов, голодный, усталый и расстроенный. Он не знал этот район, не знал, как выбраться отсюда, а если и видел людей, греющихся около железного бака, то не решался к ним подойти. Остановившись в свете единственного фонаря, около забора из сварной металлической сетки, отделяющей тротуар от заброшенного участка, Лео просунул пальцы между прутьями, глядя на высокое здание, возвышающееся над поросшим сорняками газоном. Монолитное изваяние было страшным и неприветливым, от него веяло отчужденностью и холодом, как и от всего остального, что он видел на улице. Но больше он идти не мог - слишком устал и отчаялся. ... Темноту ночи рассекли всполохи синего и красного света, когда из переулка вынырнул обтекаемый полицейский байк. Дежурство Робокопа на сегодня окончено, но это не означало, что он может проигнорировать увиденное. Маленького мальчишку лет шести-семи Алекс заметил сразу: тот растерянно стоял, держась за прутья забора. Услышав шум, он повернул голову, уставившись на внушительного бронированного полицейского. После десяти вечера детям нельзя находиться на улице самим, тем более в таком неблагополучном месте. В такой ситуации каждый порядочный патрульный, да и просто человек, обязательно поинтересуется у ребенка, почему он гуляет в одиночку. Алекс был и тем, и тем, поэтому свернул к обочине, останавливаясь. Робокоп тяжелой поступью подходил к мальчишке, который со смесью страха и удивления наблюдал, заглядывая в алый визор закованной в темный металл фигуры. Модуль, поддаваясь точно выверенному алгоритму действий, мгновенно просканировал объект, как того требовал заложенный в операционную систему протокол безопасности. Выполнение этой команды требовало всего секунду, заставляя полностью сосредоточиться на дорожке программных кодов, которые то и дело вспыхивали перед взором. Прошло немало времени, прежде чем Алекс привык видеть перед глазами ряды цифр и символов, сложным узором сплетающихся в расчетные формулы. И все это ради стандартной для такого случая информации от модуля: \"Безопасно. Оружия не обнаружено\". Словно могло быть иначе. - Эй, ты потерялся? - спросил Алекс, поднимая щиток, чтобы не пугать ребенка. - Где твои родители? В ответ мальчик растерянно открыл рот и тут же закрыл его, словно забыл, что хотел сказать. Он выглядел напуганным, что заставило сердце Алекса сжаться, ведь отчасти он понимал, что одна из причин испуга - он сам. Чем-то этот малыш напомнил ему его собственного сына, Дэвида. Тот в их первую встречу испытал подобный шок, не зная, как комментировать увиденное. Подобная неловкость витала в воздухе и сейчас, только по иной причине. Алекс присел на одно колено, чтобы лицо было на одном уровне с мальчишкой. Тот хоть и вздрогнул от угрожающего звука шипения сервоприводов, но не попятился. - Ну так, ты потерялся, малыш? - Я... не... - Что-что? - Я не терялся, это мама потерялась... - заявил мальчик, стараясь храбриться, но потерпел в этом деле фиаско, вытирая рукавом выступившие в уголках глаз слезы. Тронутый до глубины души Алекс сочувственно потрепал его по плечу правой рукой - жесткий металл левой подходил для захвата преступника, но не для подобных мягких жестов поддержки. - Все в порядке, мы все уладим, - сказал он. - Как тебя зовут? - Лео... - пробормотал мальчик, опустив голову. - Хорошо, Лео, не бойся, - Алекс взял его за подбородок пальцами, заставляя смотреть себе в глаза. - Скажи мне имя своей мамы и фамилию, если помнишь. Без этих данных найти родителей будет сложнее, если приводов в полицию они не имели. К счастью, испытавший такой стресс мальчишка, свою фамилию не забыл. Модуль, получив ключ-слово, обработал нужный массив данных, в считанные секунды полученных от разных источников, отсеяв ненужные, и выдал информацию по требованию пользователя. Сара О'нил. Законопослушная мать-одиночка, не имеющая даже штрафов за парковку. Семья хоть и неполная, но вполне благополучная, жаль, что им не повезло жить рядом с трущобами. Алекс мог видеть их частный дом, подключившись к дорожной видеокамере, но темные окна свидетельствовали о том, что женщины дома нет. Не сложно было догадаться, что она ищет потерянного ребенка, а логические расчеты подсказывали - искать ее следует в одном из отделений полиции. Алекс, закончив с поиском, кивнул сам себе. И, ободряюще улыбнувшись, протянул руку мальчику. - Пойдем. Я знаю, где искать твою маму. Сара, не находя себе места, сидела в зале ожидания уже минут тридцать. Беспокойство мерзким червем пожирало ее изнутри, мешая мыслить рационально. Заложив волосы за ухо тонкими, дрожащими от волнения пальцами, она не выдержала и встала, подходя к стойке дежурного. - Послушайте, офицер, мне долго еще ждать? - она шумно хлопнула ладонями о столешницу, привлекая к себе внимание дежурного. - У меня ребенок потерялся! - Мэм, прошу вас, - мужчина в форме закрыл ладонью телефонную трубку, которую держал у уха. - Подождите еще немного, как только кто-нибудь освободится - мы тут же отправим его проверить район. Он вернулся к телефонному разговору с невидимым собеседником, а Сара разочарованно вздохнула, сделав несколько шагов назад. Конечно, краем не затуманенного паникой сознания она понимала: если все полицейские на задержании каких-то банд или чего-то подобного - им не до поиска маленького ребенка. Сама она оббежала уже полгорода, но не смогла найти Лео, даже не понимая, как умудрилась потерять и не заметить этого. Последней надеждой стал поход в полицию, но и здесь ее ждала неудача. Просто \"Ожидайте\". Сара ждала. И ждала, пока нервы не потребовали срочного успокоения. Женщина бросила взгляд на стойку, где дежурный офицер продолжал отбиваться от множества звонков и умудрялся при этом перекладывать документы. Ничего не поменялось: ему было не до нее, как и остальным людям в форме, мотающимся туда-сюда по своим делам. Сара покачала головой, развернулась и прошла через стеклянную дверь на улицу, где почти не было прохожих. В ночном воздухе слышался запах пыли и бензина, а где-то вдалеке истошно вопила сирена. Она закурила и глубоко вдохнула, пробуя на вкус терпкий дым. Следовало успокоить нервы и хорошенько подумать, вспомнив все детали его исчезновения. Не то чтобы она не пыталась раньше, но только сейчас всепоглощающий страх незначительно отступил, дав возможность подумать логически и все взвесить. Где-то за углом послышался рев двигателя, а затем умолк. Сара не обратила на это никакого внимания, укутавшись в кардиган, через плечо посматривая на дверь участка, будто бы от этого хоть что-то изменится. Ожидание и неизвестность томили разум, сердце неистово колотилось в груди, словно намереваясь выпрыгнуть и сбежать подальше от навалившихся проблем. Только материнский инстинкт и чувство ответственности не давали ей опустить руки и сдаться. Женщина выкинула окурок в урну, и устало присела на ступеньки, спрятав лицо в ладонях. Лео, куда же ты пропал?.. Ответ пришел неожиданно, своей резкостью разорвав тонкую пелену апатии. - Мам! - топот маленьких ножек предшествовал урагану, который чуть не сшиб молодую женщину с ее насеста. Она растерялась лишь на мгновение, пока не осознала, что это ее собственный сын обнимает, уткнувшись носом в шею. - Лео! Поверить не могу! Как ты здесь очутился, сынок? И, только подняв глаза, она заметила, как к ним приближается Робокоп. - Дядя-полицейский меня привез! - сообщил Лео. Сара отстранила от себя ребенка, поднимаясь на ноги. - Спасибо вам большое, детектив Мёрфи, - сказала она, глядя прямо в глаза собеседнику - красный визор не скрывал его лицо, делая более открытым для общения. - Даже не знаю, чтобы я без вас делала, я так беспокоилась за своего мальчика... Алекс усмехнулся ей, потому что где-то в глубине души зажегся теплый огонек: приятно было наблюдать за воссоединением родителя и ребенка, их лица выражали неподдельную радость, которая передавалась и Алексу, заставляя вспоминать собственную семью: ради таких мгновений стоило работать. - Не за что, мэм, это моя работа, - ответил он, придавая голосу серьезность. - Но впредь постарайтесь лучше следить за ребенком. Хотя сказано это было без резкого укора, женщина все равно стушевалась. - Ох, да, этого больше не повторится, - Сара посмотрела на стоящего рядом сына, который держал ее за запястье. - Я с тебя теперь глаз не спущу, молодой человек. Алекс кивнул ей, повернул голову к мальчишке, который с любопытством уставился на спасителя, никак не насмотревшись на броню, скрывающую под собой механизмы гидравлики и электроприводов. - И для тебя у меня есть совет, Лео, - Алекс поднял указательный палец правой руки, делая акцент. - Держись подальше от неприятностей. *праджекты – американские «хрущёвки», построенные для социально необеспеченных слоёв населения в 40-50 годы. Даунтаун – центр города, Мидтаун – околица (в простонародье). ","Summary":" Закат наступил, стремительно обрушивая оранжево-лиловое зарево, простирающееся до горизонта. Солнеч"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop and the Washing Up","Author":"Binster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10437053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Everyone is running away from something. Some run away from their past. They seek to start a new life by assuming a different identity in an unfamiliar town. Others run away from commitments, sinking themselves to the bottom of a glass of whisky. Robocop was running away from the washing up. It was his own fault. He had let it build up for weeks, eating from pans when plates were exhausted and then from packets when no pans remained. He had been surviving on takeaways for the last week, accruing a disposable pile of clutter next to the porcelain and tefal mountain. If Robocop had only dealt with each bowl and spoon as they were used he wouldn't be faced with so insurmountable a task. But that was not how Robocop did things. He would eat his fill, leave the bowl at the foot of his armchair for a few days before reluctantly transferring it to the ever growing 'To Wash' pile by the sink. I'll do it later, Robocop would think. Well, later was now, and Robocop still couldn't face doing the washing up so he had left his flat and gone out to eat. Robocop didn't dine out very often - he was rarely invited by anyone, and he had never got the hang of eating in public alone. It wasn't like it was a weird thing to do, he imagined. The number of hard bitten detectives on TV who would think nothing of grabbing a bite while on the case was easily in double digits. They didn't worry about everyone else in the restaurant staring and whispering. They just ate their god damned burger and to hell with everyone else. That's what hard bitten detectives think. Not for the first time, Robocop wished he was a hard bitten detective. He had to face it though - a cool, confident lone wolf Robocop was not. But he was hungry, and with limited utensils at home and a deep hunger, needs must. Robocop strode through the drizzly evening weather towards the nearest cafe. It was a busy evening at \"Dick's Cafe\". Robocop's eyes darted from face to face of the other diners as he lurked outside (and to the left a bit) of the window. They all looked happy and lively. They were all talking to their fellow diners. Ugh. There was one table free - a four seater. Robocop dreaded the thought of sitting at such a luxuriously large table on his own. He could tell that the fates would conspire to bring in another diner or two, and he would have to share the table in uncomfortable proximity to strangers. Each of them sitting there, avoiding eye contact in case someone tried to make conversation. Hellish though the idea was, Robocop was hungry so it was this or the washing up. Robocop knew which one he wanted to deal with less. He pushed the cafe door open… ...and tripped on the step, toppling loudly and comically onto his face. This was not a good start. The chatter in the cafe was silenced as all eyes turned to the doorway. Robocop began to get to his feet as a waitress, two dirty teacups balanced on matching saucers in her left hand, gripped his upper arm in assistance. \"Oh my god, are you ok?\" the waitress asked. \"Oh, er, yeah, I'm fine.\" Robocop mumbled in reply. He could feel his cheeks reddening. Robocop looked at the waitress. She was wearing a name badge - \"Chloe\". She looked like a Chloe too, thought Robocop. Dark brown hair, curled a little around the ears. A light dusting of freckles on her cheeks. Pale blue eyes. The kind of girl he could imagine being the heroine of a teen fiction novel. She'd probably get into all sorts of trouble as she investigated the mysterious disappearance of her aunt's antique music box… Robocop realised that he had just been staring at the waitress without saying anything, and became suddenly very self conscious. The waitress wore an expectant expression. \"So…\" she began, \"can I get you a…\" \"...table for one,\" Robocop finished, and remembering his manners he added a quiet, \"please.\" The waitress led him to the empty table, picking up a menu on the way. She pulled a chair out for Robocop to sit, which he did. \"Can I get you anything to drink?\" she asked, taking her order pad out of her pocket. \"Oh, er,\" Robocop cleared his throat a little, \"could I have a cup of tea, please?\" \"Ok,\" the waitress replied as she scribbled in the pad, before turning and walking away. Robocop realised that he hadn't thanked the waitress for taking his order, and began to say \"thank you\" before he realised she had walked too far away for it to be appropriate. He let out a truncated \"Uh-than-\" before aborting the pleasantry. The waitress, attention caught by the noise, turned back to see what had caused it. Robocop looked the other way and hoped she didn't think it was him. Well, so far so disastrous, Robocop thought. He glanced at the other people in the cafe - their chatter had resumed since he fell, but he was sure they were making subtle gestures in his direction. They were probably talking about how big a fool he was. Who trips over a step in a cafe? What an idiot. Robocop looked down at the menu and tried not to hear the whispering. He should pick something to eat. Get out of here as quickly as possible. There wasn't much to choose from. Sausage Egg and Chips, All Day Breakfast, Scrambled Egg On Toast… it was all very egg-centric. Robocop didn't mind too much - he loved eggs. He settled on an Egg and Bacon sandwich with Chips. Not too pricey, either - he was a little low on cash after all the take away food. Movement at the periphery of his vision made Robocop look up from his menu. Oh for… this was precisely what he didn't want, but expected all the same - another diner was being seated at his table. Diagonally across the table from Robocop, the waitress was taking the coat of a young woman. Robocop lifted his menu so the distance he would have to move his eyes to disguise his observance was minimised, and he proceeded to study his new dining companion. Oh god, she looked like a Chloe too. Was Robocop surrounded by intimidatingly adorable crime fighters? As the woman sat she glanced up and made eye contact with Robocop. She smiled. Flustered, Robocop returned his gaze to the menu and pretended he hadn't noticed. He felt like a rabbit in front of a truck. Wait, what was he thinking? She smiled at him - that was a good thing! Instead of panicking Robocop should have just smiled back. Who knows what would have happened after that? She might fancy him. They might get married. Robocop was seized with a sense of adventure and hope - he was going to do something he never did. He was going to make small talk with a stranger. All he had to do was come up with an opening line. Robocop drew an extremely deflating blank. Think! Robocop thought. Think of something interesting to say to her! He searched lamely among the meals on the menu for inspiration. \"There, uh,\" Robocop said suddenly, taking himself and his fellow diner by surprise. She looked up from studying her own menu and made expectant eye contact. \"...there sure is a lot of eggs on the menu,\" Robocop finished. The woman across the table didn't react. Robocop replayed this short conversation to himself and realised he'd made a grammatical error. \"...are,\" he corrected. His fellow diner stared for a short while longer, before responding \"...mmm,\" and looking back down at her menu. Massive debilitating embarrassment enveloped Robocop. It started as a warmth behind his eyes and in his cheeks before spreading throughout his body and roaring like poured gravel in his ears. The realisation of precisely how limp and uninteresting his egg observation had been was staggering, let alone the spectacular level of ineptitude he had shown in the telling. Combined it was a powerful display of mediocrity that Robocop felt left him no hope of redemption. He had been granted an opportunity to capture this woman's attention and he had done nothing so much as do a poo in a hat and wear it like it was something of which to be proud. Robocop had sat the test of proving one's worth as a person and he had eaten the answer sheet. He was a constant and thorough disappointment to everyone, especially himself. Robocop realised his menu was tapping rapidly on the tabletop. His hands were shaking from the crippling anxiety of this abortive attempt at being normal. He had to get out of here. He pushed his chair back as he rose to his feet, but it hit something. He turned round to see that he had just knocked the cup of tea that Chloe the waitress was bringing him and it had spilt down her front. She looked surprised and lost for words. Robocop could barely keep from crying. He felt every eye of every person in the cafe regard him with disdain. \"Sorrysorrysorry,\" Robocop gibbered as he stumbled to get his feet out of the obstructed chair's legs and escape this scene of personal torment. He almost fell as he began a desperate hurried weave through the tables and chairs between him and the cafe's exit. As he left he knocked a table at which were seated a pair of old ladies, spilling their full cups of tea. They looked up at him with sour faces as he tumbled away out the door and into the night. Robocop ran the sponge around the lip of another bowl. This was more like it, he thought. Clean dishes and cups! He regarded the ever growing assortment of crockery on the draining tray with immense pride. Here was a task at which he was succeeding. He had even ordered the plates by size and the cups by colour. It was such a lovely sight, so many clean cups and plates and knives and forks. I've really done this washing up well, thought Robocop. He was happy. Happy and successful at doing something. He imagined all the meals he might eat from these clean plates, all the types of tea he might slurp from the cups. It was going to be wonderful. Robocop had all but forgotten about the unpleasantness of earlier. And at the mere thought of having forgotten it, the events at Dick's Cafe suddenly and horrifically returned to Robocop's mind. He felt the step over which he had tripped. He heard the silence as he lay sprawled on the floor. He saw again the sour old women, the stained and angry waitress, heard the mocking laugh of the woman across the table, her dismissive horrible eyes staring at him, the laughter from the other tables as everyone saw how repulsively idiotic he was... Robocop realised with shame that he had wet himself THE END. ","Summary":" Everyone is running away from something. Some run away from their past. They seek to start a new li"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Пересекая Тихий океан","Author":"Inflate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12373675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Автор оригинала: antepathy Оригинальное название: Trans Pacific Переводчик: Incana (Inflate) Бета: Helga Okami Разрешение на перевод - запрошено. s/10163175/1/Trans-Pacific Доктор Нортон всё ему объяснил, удостоверившись, что тот понял. Он провел Алекса вниз, в грузовой отсек, показывая специально сконструированный бокс, стенки которого были выложены упругим материалом. - Время перелета: около четырнадцати часов, - сказал Нортон, после замолкая, дабы Алекс мог всё обдумать. Четырнадцать часов в боксе, системы приглушены, выключены, намерений и целей не существует, пока он не коснется земли Детройта. - Или. - Или ты мог бы лететь в салоне, как пассажир. Алекс склонил голову, высчитывая, взвешивая варианты, пытаясь найти недостающий фактор, который поможет упростить выбор, сделать логичным, хотя раньше его никогда не волновала логика и математика. - Мы вылетаем завтра, - мягко сказал Нортон. – Тогда и решишь. Он принял решение – мгновенным импульсом, стоило ему приблизиться к транспортировочному ящику на следующее утро. Это казалось логичным выбором, но когда тень от бокса упала на лицо, он приостановился, оцепенел и отошел. Ящик… был слишком похож на гроб; и он представил себе пугающую, скручивающую внутренности картину прибытия в Детройт, когда его скатывают по грузовому конвейеру, словно покойника. Это уже слишком. Он не хотел. Он не мог. Нет. - В чем дело, Железный Дровосек, боишься темноты? – Мэттокс вставил колкое замечание, закатив глаза, а Нортон одним лишь взглядом заставил его умолкнуть – такого выражения на лице доктора Алексу видеть еще не доводилось. - Пойдем в кабину, - Нортон опустил планшет с код-сигналом гибернации и повел подопечного, придерживая одной рукой за локоть. Алекс позволил себя направлять, медленно поднимаясь в пассажирский салон по покатой лестнице, ступеньки которой пошатывались под его весом с каждым шагом. Добравшись до кабины, Алекс ощутил облегчение, а Нортон суетливо поднял подлокотник между креслами, жестом указывая ему, чтобы присел. Алекс привык к суетливости доктора, хотя уйму раз повторял: его броня способна выдержать удар баллистических снарядов – настолько тщательной опеки не требуется. Но, кажется, таким образом Нортон питал собственные психологические потребности. Алекс не был уверен: он детектив, что кардинально отличается от профессии врача. Забота о себе всегда меньшее, что его беспокоило. Поэтому он позволил Нортону застегнуть на себе ремень безопасности – тот аккуратно закрепил пряжку так, чтобы она не царапала пластины на груди. Хотя Алекс сомневался, что ремень его выдержит, если возникнет необходимость, Прежде чем отойти и занять свое место через проход, доктор потрепал его по механической руке. Алекс ощущал необъяснимый комфорт, когда поворачивал голову и видел пролистывающего ленту новостей Нортона, свесившего пальто на подлокотник, не в белом лабораторном халате, а в твидовом пиджаке, отчего доктор выглядел как-то теплее, менее авторитетно. Это выглядело так… нормально. Так, как Алекс ранее видел десятки раз: деловой человек, деловая поездка. Это было настолько знакомо, что почти вызывало диссонанс – словно проволока, настырно скребущая заднюю часть черепа. Слишком знакомо: предполетная проверка, работа двигателей на холостом ходу. До тех пор, пока Алекс не смотрел вниз, он почти мог притвориться, что все как прежде: что он летит на конференцию по антитерроризму, вроде тех, что была у них в Нью-Йорке. Раздражающе знакомо. В центре тестирования лаборатории всё отличалось – намного проще убедить себя, что имеешь абсолютно другую жизнь, иную личность. Но, сидя в кресле самолета, как он делал множество раз, казалось, что он пытается влезть в кожу прежнего Алекса Мерфи. Безуспешно. «Четырнадцать часов», - внезапно подумал он. Четырнадцать часов. Самолет оторвался от взлетно-посадочной полосы, не дожидаясь команды от башни. Он был особенным, привилегированным, как и все от ОмниКорп – готовый сняться с места, как только двигатели прогреются. Он и Нортон – единственные пассажиры; Ким уже находилась в Штатах, в Детройте, надзирая за настройкой лаборатории. Интересно, она летела так же, как они, или довольствовалась вторым классом. Мысли роились в его сознании, пока он смотрел в иллюминатор: они, словно во сне, плыли над морем облаков, оттеняемых розовато-охристыми мазками солнца. Но ночь вступала в свои права, преследуя их полет, высасывая из неба все краски: солнце уступило место темноте, облака потускнели, скрывшись под светом мириады звезд. Он видел свое собственное лицо, отражающиеся в стекле, похожее на бледную луну, обрамленную черным металлом его тела. Было тревожно, мысли причиняли беспокойство: что же ждет его впереди. Всё ради Клэр и Дэвида: он пережил сотни суетливых тестов от Нортона, боролся с симуляцией – всё, чтобы вернуться домой, всё, чтобы увидеть их вновь. Но теперь… сомнения поглотили его, как вечерняя тьма – самолет. Что, если Дэвид испугается его? Что, если Клэр увидит, как мало от него осталось: то, что было живым и теплым - теперь холодное и жесткое?Что, если она почувствует себя виноватой за то, что поставила подпись, начнет бичевать себя? Если поймет, что не может любить человека, не способного обнять ее ночью? Беспокойство нарастало. Он знал, будь он сейчас в лаборатории, нейроскан показал бы перекос цвета: гормоны стресса, разливающиеся по его нейронной сети. Алекс рефлекторно взглянул на спящего мужчину, прислонившегося к стенке. Нортон выглядел изможденным, казался старше, чем есть – морщины на лице углубились. Алекс задумался, чего ему все это стоило, как вдруг глаза выхватили золотой отблеск обручального кольца на пальце доктора. Нортон был с ним день и ночь на протяжении нескольких месяцев. А как же его жена? Его семья? Когда в последний раз видел их? Но Нортон сделал выбор в пользу Алекса, давая ему шанс на будущее, давая возможность вернуться к семье. Он не знал, как к этому отнестись, не знал, что и думать, поэтому опустил глаза, скользнув взглядом по собственным рукам: одна покрытая бледной кожей, а вторая – черным металлом. Алекс не смог бы носить на ней обручальное кольцо*, даже если бы Клэр хотела. Похоже, потеряв левую руку – он потерял часть себя. Он надеялся, что это не некое предзнаменование. По ощущениям – именно оно. Четырнадцать часов. Половина уже позади, но последние часы тянулись… мучительно долго: мысль о воссоединении, которая казалась такой золотой и прекрасной в Китае, с каждой пройденной милей всё больше покрывалась патиной, волнами пуская по телу адреналин и колющее беспокойство. Нортон заерзал на сидении, и Алекс заставил себя уставиться в окно, глядя сквозь отражение своего собственного напряженного от волнения лица, пока его не накрыла тень, и он не обернулся, стараясь взять себя в руки. - Доктор Нортон, - эти два слова после звенящей тишины, казалось, заполнили салон; и он постарался придать своему голосу легкий, общительный оттенок. Но вымученный тон выдавал, Алекс понимал это, как и Нортон. Нортон выглядел заспанным: галстук висел косо, волосы взъерошены, в глазах за стеклами очков мелькали тени беспокойства, но улыбка менее натянутая, чем голос Алекса. - Мне стало любопытно, не хотел бы ты немного отдохнуть, - планшет в его руках – недвусмысленный намек: он предлагал отключить Алекса так, как делал это каждую ночь, словно компьютер, словно машину. Алекс на мгновение воспротивился, и внутренняя борьба, должно быть, отразиться на лице, потому что доктор продолжил: - Тебе будет лучше, когда мы прилетим, - он кивком указал на свое пустое кресло. - Я собираюсь поспать. Это – то же самое. Это – не то же самое, совсем нет, но оправдание казалось достаточно обстоятельным, чтобы Алекс не стал спорить. Потому что он не мог себе представить, что проведет следующие семь часов в гробовой тишине, глядя во тьму, теряясь в лабиринте тревожных мыслей. Молчаливый кивок, шум сервоприводов подтвердил ответ. Да, он хотел спать, отключиться, что угодно, лишь бы не проходить через это. Нортон робко улыбнулся, давая подопечному понять, что тот принял верное решение. Он, опираясь на спинку локтем, нажал кнопку, которая перевела сидение в лежачий режим, подождал, пока Алекс устроится и даст знать, что готов. - Я разбужу тебя, когда мы начнем приземляться, - пообещал доктор. Он всегда использовал человеческие термины «просыпаться», «спать» – слова, которые пытались убедить Алекса, что он все еще человек. Алекс кивнул, сжав ладони и расслабив их, стараясь успокоить нервы. Нортон набрал команду, дабы отключить его системы, погружая в сон, перед этим ласково проведя пальцами свободной руки вдоль линии, где металл обрамлял лицо. Прикосновение, с которым Алекс иногда укладывал спать Дэвида – сочетание любви и восхищения. Эта странная, но уютная мысль сопровождала до угасания сенсорного экрана, позволяя Алексу погрузиться в тишину и лишенную тревог темноту. * В США обручальные кольца носят на левой руке, а не на правой, как у нас. ","Summary":" Автор оригинала: antepathy Оригинальное название: Trans Pacific Переводчик: Incana (Inflate) Бета: "},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop On A Train","Author":"Binster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11362569","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robocop froze. His brain had failed him - tasked with too great a challenge, it had ceased all motor functions. Behind him a woman said \"excuse me,\" and moved as if expecting Robocop to make way but he just stood there, staring blankly at the scene in front of him. He could never pick a sandwich at times like these. Again the woman spoke. This time Robocop responded - with a slight shake of the head to awaken his senses, he reached forwards and grabbed a packaged sandwich at random from one of the many shelves and turned towards the check out. The woman behind looked at him with what Robocop thought were derisive eyes. His journey had not even begun, and Robocop's confidence had taken a knock. Here he was about to embark on a train journey to a job interview in London - London! - for the role of night watchman - basically a detective like on the telly! - at a tea factory - his favourite drink! - and he'd already disappointed a stranger and failed at choosing a sandwich. As he stood in the queue to pay, he examined what flavour of sandwich his random selection process had granted him. Cheese. Not even cheese and pickle, or cheese salad. Just cheese. Robocop sighed. He looked forlornly at the shelves full of sandwiches, all of which looked far more appetising than the one he had rashly selected. All he had to do was leave the queue and select a different sandwich… but what would people think of him? He resigned himself to an underwhelming lunch. *** Robocop looked at his tickets again. Ok, get the train to Doncaster and change there for a Kings Cross train. Seemed straightforward enough. He gazed up at the information screens showing lists of destinations, departures and durations. Where was Doncaster? None of the trains listed were going to Doncaster. Had he got the wrong day? He checked his ticket again. No, this was the right day. This was the right time. Robocop could feel himself getting flustered. He looked back at the screens. Grimsby, Cleethorpes, Sheffield… he must be missing something. For a full seven minutes Robocop stared at the screens, hoping that the Doncaster train would reveal itself. He absentmindedly opened the sandwich packet and as he did so a train pulled in to the platform on the opposite side of the station. Robocop studied the train looking for a clue to its destination. It looked a bit Doncastery but… well, he didn't really know what that meant. He was just guessing really. He imagined Sherlock Holmes wouldn't have this problem - he would be able to tell where the train had come from by a particular kind of leaf stuck to a window and from that deduce its next stop. Robocop looked for leaves stuck to the train's windows but came up empty. Robocop noticed a member of station staff a little way up the platform - she would know where the train was! Robocop headed over to her, arriving just as she blew a deafening fhweep on her whistle. \"Um, excuse me miss,\" said Robocop, \"do you know which platform the train to Doncaster is arriving at?\" She checked his ticket, then looked him in the eye. \"You'd best hurry,\" she said, glancing at the recently arrived train on the other side of the station. Robocop looked at the train, then at the woman. He adopted a sort of useless pleading expression briefly, before setting off at speed for the bridge to the other platform. Robocop ran faster than he had in years. He rarely moved at a pace above walking these days, so this was quite a chore. His quaint little leather briefcase flailed on the end of his left arm, while his right hand clutched his cheese sandwich as he covered two steps at once on his ascent to the bridge. He slipped on the last-but-one step and had to do a quick recovery on the hop, but thankfully he didn't fall. He heard another whistle as he rounded the corner on the bridge, and began hot-footing it down the stairs. He had seen other people (cooler people) cover two steps at once when going down stairs, but he had never mastered the art. Instead he mimicked as best he could a swan - graceful from the hips up, but a blur of motion below. As his foot hit the ground, Robocop flung his briefcase between the closing, beeping doors of the first carriage he came to, and squeezed his body in to gain access to the interior. With a final effort, he pulled his right arm through the doors. He had made it! But… at what cost? Robocop looked at the doors, and at the smeared remnants of the cheese sandwich that had until recently been destined to be his underwhelming lunch. Robocop sighed. *** The sky darkened. The train rolled onward. Robocop was bored. He checked his watch: 11:37am. He had been on the train for less than ten minutes and was already at stage one boredom. The journey was set to last about three hours total. Robocop wasn't sure if he would survive the trip. He busied himself with a quick run through of possible interview questions. The role of night watchman was important and complex, and Robocop had to be on top of his game if he wanted to land this red hot position. \"Pop quiz,\" his interviewer might ask. \"You are doing the rounds and you find evidence of a cybercrime having taken place round behind the bins. What do you do?\" Robocop had prepared for this particularly likely question and knew exactly the response : \"Put the cyberevidence in a bag and call the cyberpolice.\" Never mind the cyberevidence, this job was in the bag, Robocop thought to himself and beamed. He mulled whether it would be appropriate to say this witty one liner in the interview itself. Robocop had to admit that cybercrime wasn't his strong point - he preferred the methodical, historical crime fighting of Poirot and Hastings - but he had gone onto the internet at an internet cafe and typed 'how do I fight cybercrime?' into Ask Jeeves and ended up in some kind of chatroom with some experts. They were very helpful and answered all his questions. He had written everything down. *** The train pulled into Doncaster station. Robocop deposited the mangled remains of the sandwich packaging into the bin as he alighted the carriage to the platform and checked his tickets for the Kings Cross train arrival time. He had twenty minutes. Time enough to buy a replacement sandwich. He approached \"Bob's Bites\" sandwich kiosk and surveyed the selection. There was far fewer sandwiches from which to choose compared to the last disastrous lunch-purchasing fiasco. Only one item could tempt him - the Chicken Tikka sandwich was Robocop's. He paid, \"Bob\" gave change and a napkin, and Robocop took up a silent vigil on Platform 1 as he awaited the arrival of his train. He was famished and wasted no time in wrenching one half of the sandwich from its bag and taking a chomp. Well, this was disappointing. As the stale dry cheese filling of the sandwich registered on his tongue, Robocop realised that the sandwich had been mislabeled. Better than nothing, Robocop supposed as he chewed grimly. *** The Kings Cross train arrived, and Robocop took up residence on a backwards-facing seat near the end of the carriage. Seven minutes later, peak boredom was reached. Robocop looked around his immediate vicinity for distractions and spotted a discarded newspaper on the seat across from his. He claimed the paper and was pleased to see an untouched puzzle page within. This would do nicely. There was a scampering of feet suddenly, and Robocop looked up just in time to see a woman run towards him down the train carriage, open the door to the next carriage, and vomit unceremoniously into the passageway beyond. Robocop did not move. The woman did not move either. The woman was bent over through the doorway such that Robocop could only see her lower half. Evidently she was a little out of breath. Robocop continued to not move for short while. He was essentially waiting to see if the situation would resolve itself without his input being needed. Would a friend come in pursuit of this vomiting woman and take care of her? Would the woman continue her journey into the next carriage, and perhaps vomit into another passageway? It became fairly clear to Robocop that he was not getting off the hook this time. And besides, if he could show initiative in a situation like this, surely the interview would be a doddle. \"Ahem,\" Robocop cleared his throat before saying, \"...are you alright?\" For a few seconds the woman did not move. Eventually she straightened up and turned towards Robocop. \"I think so,\" she said meekly, and after a pause added \"...sorry.\" She did not look well. She was pale and her hair was sweatily plastered on her forehead. Her eyes were reddened about the lids. Aside from all that, Robocop thought she was rather lovely, but then he thought that of practically every woman he saw. The woman looked to her left briefly, at the vomit she had left. \"Oh,\" her nose crinkled in mild disgust. \"I don't suppose you have a napkin or something?\" she asked. He did! He was given a napkin when he bought that sandwich! He could do something of assistance! Robocop almost yelped, so happy was he that he could be of use. \"I do!\" he replied, and rummaged in his suitcase before pulling out the napkin. On second viewing Robocop realised that it was perhaps the smallest napkin he had ever held. \"Well, sort of…\" he said disappointedly. The woman laughed. \"Is that a mouse's wedding veil?\" she asked. \"I don't think it'll make much of a difference…\" \"At the very least it'll draw a veil over things,\" Robocop replied, and the woman laughed again. What was going on? Why hadn't he started gibbering nonsense? Why was she laughing at things he said? This was a new experience for Robocop. It almost felt like he was being… charming or something. Robocop reminded himself that this woman had just lost a lot of fluid and was therefore probably not in her right mind. The woman took the napkin from Robocop and ducked back into the corridor to (Robocop assumed) drape it gently over the puddle. She reemerged and said \"We should probably erect a warning sign.\" \"Danger, lunch,\" Robocop contributed, and was yet again taken aback by the woman's warm reaction. He was used to cold indifference or just no response at all. The woman sat on the seat across the aisle from Robocop and said \"Well, thank you for the napkin. Sorry about the sick. I was hoping I'd make it to the doctor's without anything happening but… well.\" \"Oh, no need to apologise,\" Robocop replied. \"Nothing wrong, I hope?\" An almost imperceptible pause. \"So, where is this train taking you?\" asked the woman. \"A job interview,\" Robocop beamed. \"Oh, good luck! I hope it goes well. What's the position?\" \"Night watchman, for a tea factory. It's pretty much my ideal job - I like tea,\" Robocop clarified. \"Who doesn't? I could live on the stuff,\" the woman looked wistful, obviously remembering a delicious cup of tea she had once drunk. They had so much in common! They both liked tea… clearly they were an ideal match. \"Oh, I'm sorry, I realise I didn't introduce myself. I'm Robocop,\" He extended a hand for the woman to shake. \"And I didn't catch your name…?\" If her name is Chloe, Robocop thought, I may wet himself. \"Delighted to meet you, I'm Chloe.\" She shook Robocop's hand. They were making unbroken eye contact. Robocop realised with pride that he had not wet himself. It was at this moment that a comet, which had entered the atmosphere of the Earth moments ago, collided directly with the train carriage on which Robocop and Chloe were sitting. The impact caused an extinction level event in which all life on the planet was eradicated. THE END. ","Summary":" Robocop froze. His brain had failed him - tasked with too great a challenge, it had ceased all moto"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Legacies of NIMH Pt 1","Author":"1tT4k3sTw0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: Mrs. Brisby took in a deep breath-and exhaled. It was a wondrous thing to breathe with ease, without any trace of fear or anxiety. The nightmare she had been living since Timothy first came down with a fever was finally over. And the most miraculous thing of all was that she, a simply field mouse, had woken herself up. But not without a little help. One of her blessed helpers sat with her now. She and Justin shared a sun-warmed rock atop a hill. Down below the dawning sun cast a warm glow over the Fitzgibbon farm. \"NIMH will be here soon,\" she reluctantly broke the peaceful silence. \"And they'll find nothing but an old rose bush,\" he replied, a small measure of pride warming his voice. The other rats had already left for Thorn Valley, Justin temporarily staying behind to tend to the Brisby family. \"How are you feeling, Mrs. Brisby?\" Justin turned his upper body to her. Although his smile was still in place his eyes were worried. \"I'm fine,\" she replied genially. \"A little light-headed but I've certainly been through worse.\" She had hoped to get a chuckle out of the rat but he remained silent. Last night was a blur of memories, the farmer's house, Nicodemus' death, Jenner, the cave in that nearly killed her children. That moment had been unbearable, her throat closing, her heart stopping and her entire body going cold. She had been determined to save her children or be buried with them. And then the Stone was before her, beckoning and warm and Nicodemus' words echoing in her ears: Courage of the heart is very rare. The Stone has a power when it's there . Touching the Stone had felt like dipping her hands in fire but the pain hadn't repelled her. Instead she clutched it tight and a burning presence weighed down her bones. The presence had seemed to challenge her, she felt dared and mocked. But then peace flowed through her veins, acceptance, and something voiceless whispered what she needed to do. When her children were rescued the presence vanished and she was left drained, her consciousness slipping away. When she awoke she was in her bed, her three children snuggled around her and Timothy safely in his own bed. She found Auntie Shrew in the kitchen, fixing tea before she went on to her own home. \"The rat that carried you in here is waiting outside,\" she said with a note of dislike in her tone. And now Mrs. Brisby sat with her friend, ignoring the pang of grief that told her he would be gone soon. \"How are you hands?\" he asked, eyes trailing to her paws that rested on her knees. She couldn't hold back a wince, lifting her hands, palms up. The fur had been singed, the skin bright red, proof she had wielded the Stone's power. \"They sting a little, but its fine,\" she reassured, \"I'll have Teresa help me bandage them when she wakes up.\" Justin wordlessly took her hand, careful to avoid the burned flesh. \"You are really something else, my lady.\" She smiled at him, feeling a blush rise. Justin was far kinder than she would've imagined considering his harsh origins. She would sincerely miss him. \"Thank you,\" she replied, \"Not just for what you said, but for everything. You saved my life; I wouldn't be here without you.\" He returned her smile, \"You don't give yourself enough credit. You single-handedly saved the rats of NIMH last night, as well as the lives of your children.\" Mrs. Brisby's eyes fell to the gray stone, \"I wasn't able to save Nicodemus.\" Justin told her not to blame herself for his death but guilt still plagued her. Nicodemus had been wise and kind; he had felt like a father to her even though she had only known him for a short time. She would always be grateful he gave her closure for Jonathan's death. But he only died because he had helped her and she would always blame herself for that. Justin's soft sigh broke her from her thoughts, \"I need to be going; they'll need my help settling into Thorn Valley.\" Mrs. Brisby nodded, fearing a sob would escape her. \"You will be safe won't you?\" He winked, \"Of course, you are looking at the new leader of Thorn Valley. You don't have to worry about me, Mrs. Brisby.\" \"Elizabeth,\" the word fell off her tongue without her permission. Justin, having stood up now halted, his hand still holding hers, \"Pardon?\" \"You should know my first name, it's Elizabeth.\" \"Elizabeth Brisby,\" he tasted the name. \"It suits you perfectly.\" \"Just, I-\" she couldn't express her gratitude and fondness through words. \"Do you think you'll ever come back?\" His smile was apologetic, \"Probably not, Mrs- Elizabeth . Thorn Valley is our new home; we no longer have a place in this farm.\" She wasn't asking if he'd ever more back to the farm, she was asking if he would come back to see her . \"But I do hope I'll see you again,\" he added, his black eyes holding a tender light. \"I do as well,\" she replied, \"But just in case…\" Ignoring the twist in her gut she removed the now cool Stone from around her neck, offering it to Justin who looked both confused and interested. \"Keep it,\" she urged. \"I no longer need it, and it's all you have left of Nicodemus and-and Jonathan.\" Justin's throat moved as he silently swallowed, but he accepted the Stone with a formal nod. \"And,\" she added, a shy smile rising. \"It can be something to remember me by.\" \"How could I forget you?\" Justin asked. But before she could reply he pulled her into a gentle hug. \"You are my hero, Elizabeth Brisby,\" he breathed in her ear, \"And it was a blessing to know you.\"[Chapter 2] Ch. 1: Unfit in a Fit World 8 Years Later Auntie Shrew's age did little to calm her feisty spirit. She still held a fierce tongue that was louder than her creaking bones. Whenever Elizabeth visited her old friend it gave her a sense of unease, an unease the shrew caught and addressed. \"Still look as young as they day I met you.\" Auntie Shrew sat in the burrow of the farmer's field that was her winter home. She sat at her table while Elizabeth brewed a kettle of tea. \"Thank you,\" she acted as if the words were a compliment but they made her skin crawl. Despite the years that had passed she looked to have not aged a day since the rats of NIMH left. Her children had grown, though slower as she had excepted as they were Jonathon's children. The four were the only who didn't question her lack of gray fur and wrinkles, but the rest of the animals around the forest and farm did not let her forget her oddity. Nor the oddity of her children. \"What is your secret?\" Auntie asked, accepting a hot cup of tea. \"I've always been healthy,\" Elizabeth replied, sitting across from her. \"Hmm,\" Auntie squinted at her, her age making her vision blurry. \"Where are the children?\" she decided to change the topic. \"Outside,\" Elizabeth answered with a sense of relief. \"They don't prefer the indoors much, not even Teresa who spends her days reading.\" \"They're becoming too big for your house,\" Auntie commented. \"They'll soon be adults. Teresa's old enough to start a family of her own.\" \"I know,\" Elizabeth sighed. Her children were growing up and getting ready to start the next stage of their life. But she couldn't help feeling a wave of grief; she didn't want to be left alone. \"However Martin won't be finding a mate with that attitude of his,\" Auntie snapped. Elizabeth let out a soft chuckle, despite the years that had passed Auntie and Martin were always at each others' throats. But she supposed the shrew had a point, her son was always getting on the wrong side of the other animals. \"He'll learn,\" Elizabeth assured Auntie. The elderly shrew made a sound of disagreement before taking a sip of her cooling tea. . After a few more minutes of conversation the mouse and shrew finished their drinks and Elizabeth helped Auntie into bed for a nap. Content she would be fine without her Elizabeth left the burrow to find her children. The first she found was her eldest. Teresa sat on a small rock next to the shrew's home. She was reading one of Jonathon's old books, even though she and her siblings had already read it many times. Teresa looked up and smiled at her mother. She was a beautiful mouse, even though the dress she was wearing was more rags than cloth by now. She still wore the ribbon she had owned since she was eight, though her hair had grown since then, reaching past her shoulders. \"Hi, Mother,\" Teresa greeted before gracefully sliding off the stone. \"How's Auntie Shrew?\" \"She's doing fine,\" Elizabeth replied, \"She's sleeping now. Where are your brothers and sister?\" The sound of a sudden scuffle gave her the answer and the two mice hurried to the noise, moving through old corn stalks. There was a small group of voles, shrews, a thrush and a couple of rabbits forming a haphazard circle. Teresa, less mild-mannered than her mother, pushed through the crowd with Elizabeth behind her, reaching the front of the crowd Elizabeth let out a gasp. Martin was rolling across the ground, tussling with a young vole. Cynthia and Timothy stood on the sidelines while cheering their brother on. \"Martin!\" she practically shrieked, racing to the two to break up the fight. Seeing their mother hurrying into the fray the other three Brisby children quickly helped her separate Martin and the vole. \"What on earth do you think you're doing?\" Elizabeth demanded of her son. A trickle of blood slid down Martin's chin and his fur was a mess of dust. The vole was in no better condition. \"He called me a freak!\" Martin growled, shooting daggers at the vole. \"You are a freak!\" the vole snarled. \"My dad was born and grew old while you were still a baby!\" He violently pulled himself out of Timothy and Cynthia's grip. \"You're all freaks!\" The vole disappeared into the brown stalks of the field and the rest of the crowd followed, muttering agreements. When the Brisby family were left alone Teresa scowled at Martin with annoyance, \"Could you be any more petty, Martin?\" \"Petty!?\" he whirled around to face his sister. \"He insulted us!\" \"So? He was a complete stranger, what do you care what he says?\" \"I'm not gonna let someone, stranger or not, think they can insult me.\" Teresa let out an exaggerated sigh and it was at that time Elizabeth turned to her two youngest. \"Are you two okay?\" Cynthia, fur naturally disheveled and her old blue ribbon dusty, waved her hand in an unimpressed manner, \"Couldn't be better, Mom.\" Timothy nodded, \"We weren't the ones fighting.\" Elizabeth gave the two a hard look, \"Yes but you certainly didn't try to stop the fighting either.\" Cynthia pursed her lips and looked away, not looking apologetic in the slightest. \"Sorry, Mom,\" Timothy turned his eyes to the ground. \"But I wasn't about to do that vole any favors.\" While the girls were slim and Martin was bulky, Timothy was scrawny. His bout of pneumonia had taken its toll on him and he remained weaker than his siblings, and despite being a year older than Cynthia he wasn't much taller than her. Elizabeth released a soft breath and wrapped her cloak around herself. \"Let's just get home. It's getting too cold.\" . They had never moved back to their old place by the stone. While the new home wasn't as close to food it was more isolated which was for the best. Ever since Elizabeth's time with the rats of NIMH their neighbors didn't look at them the same way. Only Auntie Shrew still talked to them, along with Jeremy and his family. After dinner Elizabeth cleaned the dishes while her children were sprawled around the living room. Timothy and Teresa shared a book, Cynthia lying on the floor working on a map of the area around their house. Martin was staring out the window at the night-covered forest. \"Mom,\" he spoke suddenly, looking over his shoulder. Elizabeth looked up from the plate she was cleaning, \"What is it, Martin?\" Her son's expression already told her what he was going to say: \"When are we going to Thorn Valley?\" Now all her children were looking at her, and Elizabeth felt a twisting in her gut. \"You've already asked me this a hundred times before. It's too long of a trip to walk, and Jeremy and his family already left for winter migration.\" \"Okay but when Jeremy was here you always said it would be too much of a bother,\" Timothy pointed out, looking over the couch he shared with Teresa. \"Even though he helped Mr. Ages move there a few years back,\" Cynthia added, turning her attention away from her map. \"And they don't even like each other.\" Elizabeth swallowed, trying to think of an excuse that would satisfy them. Teresa firmly closed her book and came to her mother's rescue: \"You all act like we'd be welcomed with open arms.\" The three turned their eyes to her. \"Why wouldn't we be after all Mom and Dad did for the rats?\" Martin demanded, crossing his arms. \"Because we wouldn't belong,\" she said with bluntness. \"We're mice, not rats. Mr. Ages belongs because he came from NIMH. We have no idea what those rats had been through, and all we know is how to be common field mice.\" Martin opened his mouth to retort but Teresa wasn't done. \"Besides,\" she continued, \"We might be like them because we're Father's children…But what about Mother?\" The room fell silent and Elizabeth had to wonder if there were times her children pitied her. She quickly put the dishes away and told the four she would be turning in early and to not stay up too late. Lying in bed Elizabeth accepted the fact that despite alls he had done in her life she was a coward. Teresa wanted to go to Thorn Valley as well, but she saw her mother's fears and came to her defense. While Elizabeth believed her children could find a place there with time, she did not believe the same for herself. She was nothing like the rats. If not for Jonathon being her husband they would not have helped her, she would not have even met them. Justin had been incredibly kind but he was the only one she truly knew, and while she didn't go a day without missing him she was sure his life as a leader kept her from his own thoughts. Elizabeth knew she would easily request Jeremy to take her children to Thorn Valley once he returned. But she selfishly wanted to keep them. She already lost Jonathon. She already came so close to losing her children as well. She couldn't bear to say goodbye.[Chapter 3] Ch. 2: Burning Away Teresa Teresa knew she was dreaming, walking through the forest she recognized as the one beside her house. She idly stepped through the cool grass, looking at the tall, tall pines and oaks around her. This forest was oddly quiet but it didn't bother her, it was a dream and crazier things could happen. But then a shadow burst through the bushes, startling the mouse and sending her to the ground. She blinked when the shadow stopped for just a second, long enough for her to see it was shaped like a rat, before vanishing. Teresa had barely registered what had happened before the grass turned scorching hot. She let out a screech and jumped to her feet as the trees engulfed into fire. Ash rained from the sky as she slammed her eyes shut, willing herself to wake up and escape this fiery inferno. . Teresa's eyes popped open her fur damp with sweat, to Cynthia's off-key singing. The youngest mouse was dancing and twirling through the room where the five slept. As Teresa sat up she watched her sister rummage through her chest for her knapsack. Martin, on the bed next to Teresa, grumbled and burrowed further into his blankets. \"What are you doing?\" Teresa asked her sister, rubbing the sleep from her crusty eyes. Cynthia smiled at her, brown eyes already bright and excited, \"We're going on a family hike!\" Forcing herself out of her warm bed Teresa walked to the kitchen while her sister threatened to jump on Martin. Her mother and Timothy were already in the kitchen, Elizabeth placing seeds and corn into a bag. Timothy stood next to her, handing her the food for the hike while looking half-asleep on his feet. \"Good morning,\" Elizabeth smiled up at her daughter. She was wide-awake but was much more mellow than Cynthia. Teresa yawned, \"Good morning. Cynthia said we're going on a family hike.\" \"It'll soon be too cold to spend time outside,\" Elizabeth explained, \"This is our last chance to stretch our legs. We're going to walk a ways into the forest and have a picnic.\" \"Could I bring a book?\" she asked, her voice sounding less groggy, she'd love to find a warm ray of sun to curl up and read. Timothy rolled his eyes but didn't say anything while Elizabeth nodded. \"But just one.\" Teresa went to the bookshelf, already knowing what book she'd pick. It was her favorite, a fantasy about a mouse princess that her father had written when she was small. Apparently it was a story his mother had told him and hsi siblings when he was her age. Teresa held the book to her chest, smiling fondly at the memory of her father reading to her. A sudden yelp of pain from the bedroom startled her and she nearly dropped the book. Apparently Cynthia had lived up her threat. . Despite the sky being clear and the sun shining bright, the air was still cool. Cynthia led the group through the forest, not following any specific trail and not hesitating to climb over roots or even through bramble bushes. All the while she whistled a cheery tune. Teresa walked side by side with Martin who was still grumbling under his breath. He, of course, didn't favor a nearly broken spine as a wake up call. Her mother was in the back of the group with Timothy, the two talking quietly with each other. Teresa couldn't help but wonder if Timothy would be able to complete the hike. She felt guilty almost immediately after, her youngest brother may not be as strong as his siblings but he was determined. He'd finish the hike even if it exhausted him and there was no guarantee that that would happen. She was his sister and she needed to have more faith in him. \"Ah,\" Cynthia suddenly exclaimed from the other side of the bush. \"I found it.\" \"Found what?\" Martin asked as the rest of the family crawled through the bush. On the other side Cynthia was sitting on the stump of what was once an oak. \"This is perfect for a picnic!\" she stated happily, sitting on the edge of the stump with her legs crossed. The four mice climbed up to join her, Teresa being surprised by how smooth the tan wood was. She saw her mother nod to Cynthia, \"This is a perfect spot, sweetheart.\" With those words of approval Martin immediately sat down while Teresa pulled out the picnic cloth she had packed along with her book and some seeds. She and her mother set up the picnic, meanwhile Timothy busied himself counting the rings of the tree. \"Forty,\" he mumbled once he had finished. \"This tree is forty years old,\" he stated, joining his family on the picnic cloth. All with the exception of Cynthia who was busy exploring an abandoned hole in the ground. \"Cynthia, get back up here,\" Teresa ordered. The smaller mouse stuck her tongue out at her sister and Teresa rolled her eyes, Cynthia loved to remind them that she was the baby. \"Please, Cynthia,\" Elizabeth asked and her daughter obeyed. The four rarely disobeyed their mother. As they dug into their meal of seeds and corn their conversations switched from topic to topic. One topic being age: Martin, leaning back on his hands, looked up at the leafless, skeletal trees. \"You think animals were ever surprised by how long trees can live?\" Elizabeth looked to her son sadly while Cynthia smacked her lips and answered, \"I don't know maybe? But even if they were they'd eventually be happy they live so long. Animals love trees!\" \"Yeah, they love long-living trees,\" Martin scowled at the stump, \"But not long-living animals.\" \"Trees don't have a mouth like yours,\" Teresa pointed out. She smirked when her brother glared at her. \"Why are you so upset over what some vole said?\" Timothy demanded. \"We don't even know him.\" While her brothers argued Teresa saw Cynthia sniffing the air from the corner of her eye but ignored it. \"Don't pretend to be Teresa, Timmy,\" Martin snapped. \"Animals wanting to avoid us like the plague has to bother you.\" \"It does,\" Timothy's answer was soft-spoken, \"But only because animals who used to be our friends think there's something wrong with us.\" \"There's nothing wrong with you!\" their mother snapped so viciously it made the three jump. \"You are your father's children,\" she continued in a much softer tone. \"You're different but that in no way makes you wrong. You're all perfect just the way you are.\" Teresa smiled lovingly at her mother. She knew it hadn't been easy raising her and her siblings all by herself...but Teresa thought she did an outstanding job. Especially considering her bossiness, Martin's stubbornness, Timothy's sickliness, and Cynthia's refusal to stay in place. \"You're pretty perfect too, Momma,\" Timothy said sweetly and Elizabeth smiled. \"And you're aging as slowly as us,\" Martin pointed out the obvious. \"Yes,\" Elizabeth's smile fell slightly. She ran her fingers through the brown fur that didn't have a strand of gray. \"Maybe Dad rubbed off on you,\" Martin suggested, but there was no conviction in his voice. Her reply was soft, \"Maybe.\" But then Timothy spoke up: \"Where's Cynthia?\" That question sent Teresa and her mother into a panic. The youngest mouse was no longer on the stump nor anywhere in sight. \"How did I not notice?\" Elizabeth jumped to her feet, alarm sparking in her blue eyes. \"Don't worry, Mom,\" Martin tried to reassure her. \"Cynthia's scrappy. We'll find her before anything gets to her.\" Timothy had slowly stood up and was facing north, \"I smell smoke.\" Teresa lifted her nose to the sky and sure enough she could make out the scent of burning trees. \"A forest fire...\" \"CYNTHIA!\" they all screeched, jumping off the stump and racing into the forest. . The air so hot sweat made Teresa's fur stand on end, and the air was thick with smoke. The Brisby family interlocked their hands so they wouldn't be separated. And as they scurried through burning grass, calling for Cynthia, Teresa was hit with an incredible sense of deja-vu. They had neared an old, fast-moving stream when they heard the shout. Teresa's blue eyes moved skyward and she spotted a sandy colored shape on a tree limb above. It was Cynthia looking like she had gotten her foot stuck in a knot. And fire was licking up the side of the tree. By then the rest of the family had spotted her but Teresa didn't give them time to react. Dropping Martin's hand she scurried up the side of the trunk that wasn't ablaze. Her family called after her but none followed, they trusted her to save her sister. Cynthia gave her an apologetic grin when Teresa reached her, \"Maybe I didn't choose the best time to run off?\" Teresa didn't answer, focusing on pulling her sister's foot out of the knot. All the while she was painfully aware of the heat blistering her back and sweat trickling through her fur. She let out a triumphant \"ah-hah!\" when Cynthia's foot pulled free and the mouse didn't need to be told to scurry past her sister and down the trunk. Teresa had just turned around to fallow her when she heard a splitting noise followed by her mother's scream. Then there was a bolt of pain and everything went black. . Elizabeth \" TERESA !\" Elizabeth screeched as she watched a flaming branch fall, hitting her daughter's back and knocking her into the rushing torrent below. Timothy quickly wrapped his arms around his mother before she could jump in after her daughter. But he couldn't stop Martin. The larger mouse dove into the water, swimming with the current to the brown shape that was his sister. \"Come on!\" Cynthia had reached the ground and didn't pause to run after her older siblings, staying close to the bank. Elizabeth and Timothy galloped after. Elizabeth watched with watering eyes as Martin reached his unconscious sister's side, grabbing her arm and trying to keep them both afloat. Cynthia, spotting stepping stone in the river, hopped across them to the other side, the other two mice following after, safe from the raging inferno claiming the forest. Chests heaving they continued to follow Martin and Teresa as the river's current slowed. Relief fueled Elizabeth's final steps as Martin finally made it to the shore, dragging the still unconscious Teresa with him. Martin dropped to his hands and knees gasping while Elizabeth held her daughter in her arms. \"Teresa,\" she sobbed. It felt like her heart had stopped. The fire of the fallen branch had burned her before the water extinguished the flames. It had burned a patch of fur on her flames. It had burned a patch of fur on her back, Elizabeth could feel the bald flesh. \"Teresa, open your eyes,\" she begged as her daughter failed to rise. She buried her face in Teresa's neck, \"My baby.\" For a moment that felt like eternity all she saw were tears, all she heard was roaring flames, and all she felt was her daughter's limp body. Then...\"Mother?\" Elizabeth pulled back, eyes wide, to see Teresa slowly blinking her eyes open. She coughed weakly, then gazed up at her, \"I'm sorry.\" Elizabeth Brisby had never felt more like a child. Her daughter who she nursed and raised had nearly died of fire and then drowning but she was more worried over how her mother took it. She pulled Teresa closer, her other children hurrying over to join the hug. \" I'm the one whose sorry,\" Cynthia spoke up. \"I shouldn't have run off.\" \"That was a stupid thing to do,\" Martin's voice was hoarse. \"But it was also a Cynthia thing to do.\" Timothy suddenly pulled out of the group hug, \"I hate to bring this up but...\" he pointed to the burning forest. \"That has probably reached our home.\" Elizabeth and her children watched in a sort of shocked awe as the fire effortlessly destroyed the forest they had traveled through throughout their lives. No doubt reaching the stone they had gone through so much to keep, the licking flames reaching inside to burn their clothes and books and everything else they held dear. Where had such an inferno ever come from? Elizabeth took in a deep breath and with it came the resolve that had faced giant rats and cats, owls and machines. Fate had chosen the next step of her children's lives. And whether she played a role in that next step was no longer important. She stood up, helping Teresa to her feet. \"Are you four read to go?\" Confused eyes turned to her. \"Go where?\" Cynthia asked the question. Elizabeth took another deep breath, \"To Thorn Valley.\"[Chapter 4] Ch. 3: The Beginning The Brisbys had followed the river back to Fitzgibbon's farm. Humans in large red vehicles had arrived. With hoses they were blasting torrents of water at the forest fire, but Martin knew their home, that was at the edge of the burning forest, was long gone. The five mice made their way to Auntie Shrew's the field currently full of the forest animals, having run from the flames. They reached the shrew's house to see that she was already outside. \"Brisby!\" her shrill voice yelled out. She nearly knocked Elizabeth down with her embrace. Martin wasn't the only one who was surprised, he couldn't remember a time when the shrew had showed physical affection. \"I thought you had all perished in the fire!\" The family took her inside, Elizabeth and her daughters calming her while Martin tried to keep still. He had nearly cried out in excitement when his mother said they would be going to Thorn Valley. Martin felt like his skin was the only thing keeping him in one place, his mind running with thoughts. Thorn Valley was a place where he wouldn't be judged, where they would even admire his differences. Elizabeth had told them who Justin had sword fought with Jenner. Martin couldn't wait to show him his new skills. But they were still trying to calm Auntie Shrew. \"You don't have to go find those rats,\" the shrew was insisting. Elizabeth had explained how they escaped the fire, though nearly losing Teresa in the progress. When the shrew had seen the burn mark on the young mouse she offered an old purple shawl which Teresa excepted. And even though both Auntie Shrew and Elizabeth informed her that her bald spot would need air for her fur to grow back. But still Teresa wrapped the shawl tightly around herself. \"You can stay with me,\" Auntie Shrew offered. Martin bit his tongue before he could tell her to shut up. But Elizabeth grabbed Auntie Shrew's paws, \"This place is too small for my children. They need a place to grow.\" Auntie Shrew's eyes flashed, looking as if she would cry. But she instead lifted her chin, \"I suppose there's no point in trying to dissuade you. You can be so stubborn when you want to be.\" Elizabeth smiled warmly and kissed her temple. Teresa and Cynthia hurried over to wrap their arms around their aunt, eyes already streaming. The hug Timothy and Martin gave her was awkward to say the least. Timothy had never been close with the shrew and Martin had always been antagonistic. So he was startled to feel his throat close up in grief at the thought of never seeing this shrew again. . Thorn Valley laid north by northeast from the Fitzgibbon farm. The river Teresa had fallen into separated their forest from the other, the latter being spared from the fire. And it was that forest the Brisby family would travel through. Elizabeth at the edge of the forest, just before the shadow of the woods. Her blue eyes betrayed her uncertainty. Timothy and Teresa took her hands with understanding expressions. Elizabeth looked over her shoulder at what was left of the old forest, the humans had managed to stop the fire. The inferno had left ashes and stumps in their wake. To her it was like an entire story being erased, but to Martin it was like breaking the chains that had been holding him back. But he stayed quiet and let his mother grieve. A few moments later it was Cynthia who broke the silence: \"Come on, Momma.\" She hugged Elizabeth's arm. \"This is gonna be a great adventure!\" Her mother smiled at her, and nodded. Together the Brisby family stepped into the forest. . With the tall oaks, pines, and sycamores blocking out the sun's rays the air was chilly with the upcoming winter. Martin and his family walked closely to share the body warmth. The grass rustling beneath them and the woods clicking and yipping noise. Martin kept his eyes open for any predators trying to stalk toward them. \"So are we looking for any particular landscape or...\" Timothy's question trailed off. \"We're looking for Trout River,\" Elizabeth answered. \"And then we follow it to the mountains where Thorn Valley hides.\" \"How do you know that?\" Teresa asked. \"Justin and Nicodemus told me.\" The eldest child let out a soft sigh, \"I wish I could've met Nicodemus.\" \"He was very kind and wise,\" Elizabeth told her, \"You would've liked him.\" \"At least we'll get to meet Justin,\" Cynthia added. Elizabeth's smile grew fond, \"Justin in one of a kind.\" Martin saw his sisters hold back giggles while exchanging looks. He rolled his eyes behind their back. Of course their mother was fond of Justin, after all the help he was it was only natural. Females always over-exaggerating things. A few hours later dusk fell along with the temperature. Elizabeth decided they would stop for the night, finding a sleeping space under a tree's root. The family curled together, steadily warming the space with their bodies. \"I can't wait to see Thorn Valley,\" Cynthia breathed into the evening air. \"What do you think the rats are doing?\" \"Probably sleeping in nice warm beds,\" was Timothy's dry reply. \"We'll be there soon enough,\" Elizabeth assured. Already she was closing her eyes and was the first to fall asleep. Once she was no longer awake Teresa turned to her siblings, \"We're not staying if they make Mother leave.\" Her sudden order made Cynthia and Timothy blink in bemusement. But Martin's face was twisted into a scowl, \"Why are you so sure they'll do that? You just keep insisting we'll be treated badly.\" Teresa's eyes pulled away to look down at her hands, \"I don't know it's just...it's been eight years since Mother has seen the rats. They could've changed they could've forgotten about father... Thorn Valley could not be what we hope it is.\" Martin studied his sister, noticing that maybe the prejudices they had faced hurt her more than she let on. And now that they were about to be at their next step she feared life wouldn't let her walk. \"Of course we won't stay a place that wouldn't welcome all of us,\" Timothy spoke up. \"We're a family and we'll stay together no matter what.\" Martin and Teresa nodded in agreement while Cynthia nuzzled lovingly into his side, embarrassing him. With muttered 'good nights' they followed their mother into sleep. . Martin was awoken at dawn by Timothy shaking his shoulder. He blinked his eyes open to see frost on his whiskers. \"Martin,\" Timothy breathed so as not to wake the girls. \"It snowed last night.\" He followed his younger brother out from under the root only to have his feet crunch in fluffy white snow. The forest had become a winter wonderland while they slept. \"It's pretty,\" Timothy stated, his arms around his torso as he leaned against his brother. \"But cold,\" Martin smirked. \"This probably won't make our travel any easier,\" Martin agreed, his ears flicking and already pink with cold. \"We'll figure it out. Wanna look for some breakfast?\" They had a few things from their picnic but he had no idea how long this trip would take. He wanted them to eat sparingly. \"Sure.\" Timothy pulled away and walked off to a snow covered bush a few feet away, leaving tracks behind him. Martin turned to his left, sniffing the cold air. He caught the old musk of a squirrel, maybe one had an abandoned food storage nearby. But Martin hadn't even moved before he saw a clump of snow land in front of him. His head shot up to see a blur of tawny feathers. Martin whirled around just in time to see a large barn owl descending on his unknowing brother. Martin shot his paw out and screamed, \"TIMOTHY! RUN!\"[Chapter 5] Ch. 4: Waterlogged Timothy heard his brother's cries a second before a vice-like grip wrapped around his stomach and he lurched up, leaving his heart on the ground. His head shot up to see the snowy white chest of an owl. Timothy barely had time to register his fear when Martin jumped and just managed to latch onto the owl's talon. But the extra weight did little to deter the owl as he flew up, away from the ground to soar below the branches. \"Hold on Timmy!\" Martin bared his teeth, dragging himself onto the owl's foot. Timothy tried to slip out of the owl's grip but the bird only tightened it's grip, but that didn't stop Martin trying to pull the owl's talons away from his brother. \"Martin it's no use!\" Timothy yelled through the rushing air. Why couldn't he have stayed with their mother and sisters? He kept insisting on being a hero and it would get them both killed. But still his brother's eyes blazed with determination and thought. He turned his head away from Timothy to look at the naked leg of the owl. Before Timothy could ponder what was running through Martin's head the larger mouse shot forward and sunk his teeth into the owl's leg. The bird shrieked in pain as slivers of blood ran down it's skin. The owl swiveled it's head around to jab its beak at Martin. While his brother evaded the attack Martin dug his own teeth and claws into the owl's skin, gagging at the taste of blood. But to his relief he felt the owl's grip loosen and he ripped his teeth away and let gravity do the rest. Wind screamed past his ears, whiskers smacking across his face and eyes tearing up. Martin, seeing his brother falling, jumped after him. Below Timothy saw a frozen river below and braced himself just before impact. Pain slammed his shoulders as he hit the ice-the awfully thin ice. Martin landed beside him and the cracks moved across the ice, Timothy laid sprawled and completely still. \"Don't move,\" he hissed to his brother. Despite his bristling fur Martin stayed stock-still, eyes skyward. The barn owl flew in circles over their heads, Timothy could make out the red stream on it's leg and it looked to be debating whether to try and re-catch such viscous prey. Martin's fur settled when the owl flew away, vanishing into the trees. \"Timothy! Martin!\" The two boys' heads turned to see their mother and sisters dashing across the snow and slid to a halt at the river's icy banks. \"Don't get any closer!\" Timothy called out as Cynthia moved to step forward. While the sandy mouse froze in place Elizabeth looked over the cracked ice, able to make out the rivulets of water sliding below. Meanwhile Teresa was studying their surroundings as if looking for something. When her eyes fixed on something Timothy followed her gaze to see a few feet away a broken branch having fallen over the river to form a makeshift bridge. Teresa darted to the branch, hesitantly climbing onto it. Timothy could see the bark shimmering with frost and imagined it was hard to keep one's grip if his sister's slow crawl was anything to go by. Martin was looked as his older sister as well, \"What are you doing?\" She didn't answer, sitting on the middle of the branch and examining both it and the thin ice. She looked to her brothers, \"How fast do you think this river is?\" Timothy carefully looked down at the ice, drops of water flowing out of the cracks with a force that told him the river was not slow moving. He told Teresa this. \"Can we use the branch as a boat?\" Cynthia suddenly spoke up, beaming in excitement. Eyes turned to the smallest mouse and Teresa hummed thoughtfully. \"Possibly.\" She climbed off to land in the snow. \"It would save us from walking.\" \"The ice'll break as soon as you push that branch onto the ice,\" Martin pointed out. His sister sighed, chin resting on her palm, \"I know.\" With his eyes Timothy measured the distances, they were closer to the branch then they were to the shore. There was no way to get off the ice without breaking it, unless they wanted that owl to return. \"Martin and I can handle getting a little wet.\" The girls pushed against the end of the branch where it fell off the tree. In doing so the other end of the branch, thin and spindly, almost like spider legs, moved across the ice, a series of cracks formed, looking similar to a spider's web, the brothers braced themselves. The girls pushed the thicker edge of the branch into the river and jumped on just as the ice shattered. The brothers shifted as the ice they sat on broke into a piece that was carried away by the river. The forest around them moved past at a speed Timothy wished he could appreciate but he and Martin were far too busy trying to keep their balance on the thin block of ice. Elizabeth and her daughters were clutching the branch, the boys' mother reached out to them, as close to the edge as possible. \"Reach for me!\" she called out. Martin looked to his brother, \"We need to jump.\" Timothy barely had time to register those words before Martin leaped, knocking Timothy off balance. He slid into the frigid waters, pressure tightening his lungs. Forcing his limbs to move he picked a direction and his head burst from the surface. He took in a breath, spotting Martin already climbing onto the branch. But a moment later a shard of ice smacked into the mouse's head, sending him back under water. The world was mute as he tried to find the surface again, eyes shut against the freezing water. His lungs felt like they were shrinking, and despite how hard he moved his limbs they still started to freeze up. Timothy's eyes popped open to see Martin and his brother dragging him onto the branch. He laid across the bark, coughing up lungfuls of water and desperately trying to suck in as much as air as possible His family surrounded him, Elizabeth wrapping her shawl around him while Martin and Teresa massaged feelings back into his limbs. Cynthia nuzzled into his side. When Timothy finally stopped shivering he looked around at their surroundings, the branch easily pushing past the thin ice and the trees were unrecognizable. They had traveled a good distance thanks to the river. He let out a soft side, pushing his nose into Cynthia's neck, \"There's got to be an easier way to travel.\" ","Summary":" Prologue: Mrs. Brisby took in a deep breath-and exhaled. It was a wondrous thing to breathe with ea"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Teetering","Author":"Sheraven","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8972055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own RoboCop or any of its affiliates. Teetering It's not like he was out in the desert. He was surrounded by people. Some he knew before he died, some he met after. Most were brave, compassionate, warm, funny, professional, and smart. Others were deceitful, violent, disloyal, self-centered or just plain evil. Each of them had a combination of traits, but had one thing in common…they were all so human . He used to have that, but it seemed like centuries ago, and he had forgotten how to be that way. His own humanity felt fleeting to him, but not just because he was so much synthetic material. As someone once told him, \"Take away all the metal and wires, and you're not even a corpse. You're just a couple of chunks on a coroner's table.\" He could still see in his new body, but in an enhanced way. He didn't just look at a person anymore, he saw their heat signature, could record the image, or match them to a photo in a database. He targeted with pinpoint accuracy and never missed. Rather than just listening to someone, he could analyze their voice patterns and detect if they were lying or altered. He could hear things quieter and from further away than most animals. When he touched something, he didn't really feel it. Instead, the finely attuned sensors in his body sent data to his computer enhanced brain which was interpreted in terms of temperature and pressure. The same was true with his olfactory sense. He did not simply let the smell of something wash over him, he detected the odors and proportions of constituent chemicals and compounds. It had been so long since he tasted something that he forgot what it was like. Even the rudimentary nutrient paste his organic systems used was fairly bland. And after eating only that for years, he didn't even register its flavor anymore. Most days, he was grateful to be surrounded by metal and weapons. But something had happened recently that made him feel more trapped than protected. When he was alive, Alex Murphy had savored his every waking moment. His memories were still vivid of stolen moments with his beautiful wife and raucous wrestling matches with his young son. Photographs were hollow two-dimensional representations of the times his family shared. The actual events were so much more in every aspect. Funnier, brighter, warmer, and so much more impermanent. Memories of those times often hurt more than they soothed. At work, he was an exemplary officer. Even when lying would have kept a partner out of prison, he had kept to his moral and lawful personal code. That memory hurt too, watching as his trainer, Officer Malloy, was dragged away in handcuffs, screaming that it was his fault that he was going to prison. Since then, Murphy had known many other good officers, but none like his last partner. He had bonded with Anne Lewis, a fiery blonde, almost immediately. They only had a few shifts together when he was alive, but it was if they had worked side by side for years. They each read what the other was doing and knew how to act accordingly, leading to swift responses and efficient arrests. When she knelt over his bloody, motionless body, he felt regret that she should have to see him so brutally shot to pieces. Once he was remade, Lewis recognized him immediately. The machine had no understanding of her other than a stimulus to react to, and the man was still reeling from what had happened to him. She brought him from the brink of insanity, and anchored him firmly in his sense of duty. There were many nights when she did her best to keep up with his unrelenting programmed compulsion to stop crime and ended up falling asleep on duty or getting sick because she pushed herself too hard. If she drifted off in the passenger seat beside him, he would simply pull her duty jacket up over her and try to let her get a few minutes before they were sent to the next call. The day Officer Anne Lewis died burned Murphy's conscience, even still. She was off duty and not fully armored, and he let her accompany him directly into the line of fire. He could easily stand up to the Rehabs with his titanium alloy skin, but was not able to put himself in front of her before it was too late. She had been shot because of him once before, but had recovered. There was no coming back this time. Since the only parts of his brain that were left unaltered were the higher functions and reasoning centers, his emotions were intact. He was filled with an overpowering combination of anger and sorrow as he watched his partner and friend die in his arms. When she looked into his eyes and said she was afraid, he told her the only comforting thing he could force past his blinding rage. After promising vengeance, he watched helplessly as she shuddered one last time, and left the world. \"Officer down,\" was pathetically inadequate to express what he felt. Once he was back on regular duty at Metro South, Murphy had tried to bury himself in work. It wasn't long before his productivity attracted one of the other officers pulling more than her own weight. Lisa Madigan was like a sister in spirit to Lewis. She was as aggressive and driven as his former partner had been, and equally intelligent. When she became a detective, she didn't let up at all. She was in uniform pulling street duty at least three times a month, on top of her investigative duties. On another of those fateful nights, RoboCop was again the cause of suffering to a loved one. He captured a jewel thief and was bringing him to the car when a nearby bus came to life on its own. To prevent it from running down innocent citizens, Madigan sprinted after it and climbed into the careening vehicle. Before she could bring it to a stop safely, it leaped over some parked cars and crashed spectacularly. With his heart in his throat, Murphy cleared the broken windshield to find her buried under the twisted frame of the vehicle. When she told him nothing was hurting, he knew he had done it again. With all his enhancements and experience, could he not even protect his own partner? Although it wrenched his gut to watch her come to consciousness in the hospital and call out to him in panic over her new paralysis, he forced himself to stay by her side until she was she was once again heavily sedated. Driven by anger and helplessness, he had gone out, fully intending to get revenge for her severe injuries. Instead, while caught in the worst traffic jam in Detroit's history, he'd been dealt another blow. Diana Powers, the once-living NeuroBrain core of MetroNet, had been overrun by malicious nanites. She appeared in the empty seat beside him, her holographic image wearing even less than usual and acting…loose. She overrode the mobile data computer in his car and played the music video of KC & The Sunshine Band, smiling at him as she sang, \"Shake, shake, shake.\" He was amused by her antics at first, and a little surprised to find he was intrigued when she invited him to be with her in cyberspace. His moment of fun didn't last, however, because Diana's inattention to the city's electrical grid was costing Madigan her life. Since the officer's spine was broken, machines were breathing for her, and a loss of power could be fatal. As much as he wanted to explore the idea of digital interaction, he went immediately to NeuroBrain's data core and released the repairing nanites. Diana was her old self again, and Robocop had been the one to restore her and Madigan at the Mediplex. He felt a little guilty taking away probably the only fun she was going to have as the computer that ran the entire city. By the time he got back to the hospital, his partner was asleep after receiving the experimental and completely effective medical nanite surgery. Madigan's spine had been repaired, but she was being kept on life support until they had a chance to remove the tiny restorative robots. Murphy stood beside her bed, watching the unnaturally even mechanical breathing. Lisa had told him she had a new understanding of how he felt in his cybernetic body, and wondered how she was going to do it. He had replied that a sense of purpose would always find an answer to that question, but it was a hollow statement. He dared not tell her what he was really thinking. He had almost killed another partner, and it was again his fault. He had also pushed the only other person trying to get close to him back, berating Diana with some line about power and responsibility. Watching Madigan sleep, he realized something about each of the people in his life. His wife, Nancy, was so strong, even after his death. She watched over Jimmy, their son, and he was turning out to be smart and ambitious while still retaining kindness. How often he had wanted to tell them he was still there for them, but had stopped for fear of hurting them more. He had seen his own father's eyes filled with that pain when he figured out who RoboCop really was. Russell Murphy had a new, heavy secret to keep, and that was Alex's fault, too. Dr. Charles Lippencott, the human being who knew the most about him on Earth, was driven and logical. Because he was relentlessly scientific, it was out of place to see him swirling on his chair, wearing his MetroNet interface helmet. Murphy knew immediately by Lippencott's position and joyful look that he was dancing. It drove home again how temporary good things were in the world. In just a few short minutes, the engineer would have to unplug to return to his real life, leaving Diana alone in the virtual world. It also reminded him that Lippencott had feelings and desires, too. It seemed strange to think that while Murphy slept in his chair, the scientist was out, doing things and living life. Sometimes, life flaunted itself in front of RoboCop, like the developing relationship develop between Sergeant Stan Parks and his adopted daughter, Gadget. The young girl was often at the station, and her interactions with the dispatchers, officers, and staff of the precinct was bittersweet for Murphy. It reminded him of his own son, and how he could not be a father to him anymore. With a start, RoboCop realized that he could not be anything anymore. He may have been lauded as Detroit's metal messiah, but that was all in the programming. Watching his loved ones live life and feel the joys and sorrows, Murphy suddenly felt the weight of his technological prison. He could still help people, which had always been his calling, but he was absolutely and completely alone. Worse than that, he always ended up hurting the ones closest to him. He stood beside his partner's bed, watching as her brow furrowed in sleep. It was obvious Madigan was in pain, even though she was not conscious. Half out of need to comfort her, and half for himself, Murphy reached forward to touch her cheek and brush a stray lock of her curly brown hair out of her face. Before his fingertips touched, however, the recovery room door burst open. Murphy pulled his hand back. Adam Rowland, the magician who'd helped Metro South catch an assassin, rushed in. \"Dear god, is she going to be alright?\" he asked breathlessly as he stepped between the two police officers and took Madigan's hands in his own. RoboCop could tell by the close proximity and casual regard for physical contact that the two of them were used to intimacy. He took one step back. Being touched pulled Madigan from her drug-induced sleep, and she forced her eyes open. Now conscious, she groaned at the pain from her healing spine, and looked up. As soon as she saw Adam, her eyes lit up. She did not call out to him in panic, or try to shrink away, but a very human warmth filled her. \"Adam…you came.\" \"Of course I did. How are you feeling?\" The magician reached forward and pulled a small blue flower from behind her ear. When he held it up, Madigan smiled, clearly comforted by his presence. \"Better. Hopefully they'll let me sit up soon.\" Adam smiled in relief, and leaned in to kiss her gently. RoboCop took a second step back and turned on his heels. As he was walking out of the room, his partner asked, \"Murphy?\" He stopped and turned to look at her, leaving his feet planted. \"I am glad you are feeling better. I will notify Sergeant Parks.\" He turned back to the door and walked out, leaving them to their privacy. Several doctors passed him on the way in to Madigan's room as he left, and he was glad her treatment had gone so well. He transmitted a text message to Parks' desk, informing him that one of his best detectives was awake and recovering. Once he had pulled the door of the RoboCruiser shut, Murphy sat quietly for a moment. He replayed the video of Adam leaning in to kiss Lisa, and felt something break inside his chest compartment. He completed a quick diagnostic scan, and found no malfunctions, but knew something had changed nonetheless. He looked down at the MetroNet jack in the vehicle's console, but left his spike in his hand. He was nothing but trouble to anyone unlucky enough to get close to him, and couldn't bring himself to face Diana after taking away her moment of joy to again bear the crushing weight of running the city. RoboCop shut his police mobile data computer down and started the car. He knew where he had to go. Driving through Old Detroit, he looked hard at the town in which he grew up. The shops were run down and covered in graffiti, and the houses were pathetic shadows of what they were in his childhood. He drove past Primrose Lane, where he had lived with his wife and son, and remembered his time there. The oldest and poorest parts of the city were where the streets were most empty. People didn't go out because it was just too dangerous. He guided the car through the worst of it, then continued out of the city. Since mankind had depleted the ozone layer, there really was no more countryside. Unable to bear the harsh ultraviolet rays from the sun, the wild plant life and animals had all but died off completely. Zoos and greenhouses with protective roofs were the only place life could survive, and outside the city, it was like a dust bowl. RoboCop drove until he could hardly see the rising towers of steel and glass of Delta City. In an empty and desolate field, he stopped the car. The police radio had been squawking non-stop, which was not unusual since crime never took a break. The dispatchers had begun calling for his status once he turned off his computer, since that was how his location was tracked. The radio fell silent when he turned off the car, leaving Murphy alone in the blazing sun. He secured the vehicle, effectively creating a safe out of the trunk, where his secondary weapons were stored. There was no need to put a rifle and shotgun up for grabs. RoboCop placed the vehicle keys in his arm compartment and locked them away. He started walking north, keeping Delta City to his right. When he was about a quarter mile from his car, Murphy stopped and faced the tiny, gleaming high rises. So much loss lived in that city. Not just his, but the citizens and coworkers that he had failed, as well. At least out here, he would not hurt anyone else. That same thing in his chest compartment that had broken before seemed to fall apart completely. He did not run a diagnostic this time. The compartment in his upper left thigh opened, and RoboCop pulled out a small disk that looked like a high tech hockey puck. He looked down at it in his hand, and saw a scale from one to ten. He knew a charge of three on the small explosive was more than enough to blow the side off a brick building, and ran the meter up to ten. Almost imperceptibly, the device began to hum in his hand. He had never used one of his explosives at full power before. Murphy dropped the disk at his feet and stared at it. A gust of wind flowed around him, pulling a dust cloud along with it. The compartment in his upper right thigh opened this time, and RoboCop wrapped his hand around the grip of his gun. He pulled it from the holster, and put his leg back together. Without taking his eyes off the disk, he aimed at it, his finger on an encoded trigger that would only respond to his touch. Nancy, Jimmy, Anne, Lisa, Parks, Diana, Lippencott, Gadget, Russell, Malloy, their faces swam in his field of vision. Some were covered in blood, others in tears. He had hurt them all as their worthless, pathetic protector. Where the broken part in his chest compartment had been before had become just an empty, sucking hole. Murphy willingly fell into that hole, welcoming the darkness and the release from his failed existence. A targeting reticle appeared at the center of the disk and a single tear slid from under RoboCop's helmet. He increased the pressure on the gun's trigger, knowing he would not miss. Before the weapon fired, a pair of small booted feet stepped up on both sides of the disk. Murphy could not bear to hurt anyone else, so he dropped the muzzle of the gun toward the ground, hoping it was one of the desert strippers come to take him apart. Almost against his will, Murphy lifted his head, looking at the owner of the boots. It was Madigan, and she was breathing hard and sweating. She was pale and squinting in the searing sunlight, her lovely features clouded by pain. Blood was trickling down the back of her legs, dripping off the dusty cuffs of her pants into the dead soil. Running to get to him had ripped the sutures down the length of her spine open, and she was paying for the exertion. \"What the hell are you doing?!\" she shouted at him, swaying a bit on her feet. Murphy had done it again. Because of him, his partner was suffering even more and ready to drop. He could hardly stand himself. When she continued to stare at him, he started, \"I…\" No more words came, as hard as he tried to find them, so he shut his mouth. \"So that's it then, huh?\" She fixed her snapping blue eyes on his under the helmet. \"After everything, you're just going to check out?\" She was clearly furious. \"What, you think no one would notice you're gone?\" Could he do nothing without hurting someone he loved? Murphy thought he could stop all the pain by taking himself out of their lives, but it appeared that he had failed at that as well. He was suddenly overcome with self-loathing, turning his head away in shame. A weak, \"I'm sorry,\" was all he could force out. As she scrutinized him, Madigan's expression changed from anger to concern. \"Murphy…\" she started, but the word got caught in her throat as a wave of pain overtook her. She whimpered and fell to her knees, still right on top of the explosive disk. He knelt with her, taking hold of her arm with his left hand to help her sit upright. She panted for a second, then placed her other hand on top of his gun. He allowed her to move his hand until the muzzle was touching the disk, which was right between her knees. Madigan did not remove her hand from the weapon, but simply reached up with her other hand. His partner rested her fingertips on the tear on his face, and leaned her forehead in to rest against his. \"Murphy, please forgive me. All of us. We've been so wrapped up in our own little problems that we've been taking you for granted.\" She sniffled and RoboCop realized Madigan was crying. \"I can't count the number of times you've saved my life, and I never thanked you.\" Now her tears joined her blood falling onto the parched ground. It wasn't true. Madigan had thanked him each and every time he stopped her from getting hurt. He hated that she was crying, once again because of him. Before he could say anything though, she spoke again, her voice a little rough from the pain in her back. \"Please don't go, Murphy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't say anything sooner. I know better. I know you can feel, and that you're not just a machine. I…\" she gritted her teeth against her new injury. \"I need you.\" She let her head fall as she tried to control herself. Murphy was so overwhelmed that he just stared at her. He had never heard words like that from a partner, and certainly not from such a strong-willed, smart, powerful woman as Madigan. Something stirred within his chest. Madigan breathed in slowly, and shuddered slightly, trying to push the physical pain of her injury to the back of her mind. Her partner had not responded to her lame apology, and she knew it was too little, too late. \"Alright, Murphy,\" looking up at him and squeezing his hand that held the gun. \"I won't make the same mistake again. I won't stop you. You do what you need to do, but I'm not leaving.\" She felt his hand twitch under hers, and closed her eyes. At first, when she had stepped between him and the disk, he'd felt a flash of anger. That's why he had come out into the middle of nowhere in the first place, for the specific purpose of not hurting anyone else. He'd almost pulled the trigger anyway, knowing that she had put herself in that position. But he saw now why she had done that. Lisa Madigan, always so fearless, had selflessly put her own life on the line to save his. The small, trembling woman in front of him, so full of life and spirit, and so fragile, had come to him at great cost to herself. The bleeding had slowed since she wasn't running, but her color had not improved. Her brow was still furrowed, but she stared at him with hard, clear eyes. She knew the risk of joining him at ground zero, but refused to leave her partner. Murphy suddenly felt he didn't deserve such a devoted friend, and knew he was not worthy of her. His leg compartment opened, and he slid the gun back into its holster. Slowly, he powered down the explosive, and put it back, too. Madigan wrapped her arms around his shoulders and held him tightly. He wanted to be able to feel her embrace more than anything, but could only register the pressure of her body against his. When she began to slide off his chassis, he caught her unconscious form in his arms and stood. It was a short walk back to his sealed cruiser and Madigan's personal car. When Murphy opened the door to place his partner in the passenger seat of the RoboCruiser, he was surprised to find Diana's holographic image sitting impatiently. \"Alex! Are you alright?\" Diana must have watched his car go out of camera range from the city and tried to contact him. When he didn't respond, she went to the person closest to him, exposing her secret. Madigan had dragged herself out of the hospital to come get him. If Madigan was here, then Sergeant Parks and the rest of the precinct could be on their way, too. RoboCop knew then that he had been wrong. He was not alone. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own RoboCop or any of its affiliates. Teetering It's not like he was out in th"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"RoboCop: The Bed Time Story","Author":"Micke Karlsson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5725555","Passage":"[Chapter 1] RoboCop The Bed Time Story Let it be known that in this tale is violent death and drugs But freed from nasty curse words are the people and the thugs A note to whoever intend to read this The following is written in rhyme, and a certain rhythm should be used while reading it, to make sure the rhymes work to everyone's satisfaction. I have done my best to insert a comma somewhere in most lines to try to indicate the beat to anyone, other than myself, who might try to read it. Some lines are intended to be read slowly (as they are short), while I in others have crammed in a lot of words…still intending them to fit into the same space. It is definitely a \"practice makes perfect\" kind of thing, because it is almost impossible to get the beat right throughout the story on the first go. And even if it sometimes looks impossible, be assured that I have checked, double checked and triple checked, and the beat is there. You might have to look for it though. * *** * This is the gruesome tale of a man made out of steel But the heart he had inside him was just, and could feel This story does not start \"A long long time ago\" For wherever is it said, that it must and shall be so? Instead this tale it reaches, across the face of time Into a future, maybe yours, and maybe also mine Into a time of violence and misery and pain Policemen trying to control the streets did so in vain \" By the Lord we all should strike!\" said so an angry cop But a mustached man, their captain, to this quickly put a stop \" You are officers of law\", to them he harshly said \"So you do not strike, now go out there and try not to get dead!\" At this time when crime was ripe, and lawmen at a loss Cop Lewis got assigned a brand new partner, by her boss Murphy, Lewis partner, seemed to be an able lad Thought Lewis, and ignored the silly habits that he had Then corporate men in smartly suits attend a meeting so That they may gaze upon that which will be the bandits' woe Dick Jones introduced, with pride in mind and voice A two-legged machine, making an awful lot of noise \" Enforcement Droid 209\" Dick severely said And proceeded to let demonstrate how crime was to be shed But lo, this faulty beast during the meeting ran amuck Its one track mind in Killing Mode, mightily got stuck When the mayhem finally stopped, to late it proved to be Mr. Kinney's bloody fate, got sealed indefinitely Rickard 'Dickie' Jones did let down the man of old \"I am very disappointed!\" to Dick The Old Man told In this shameful hour, Bob Morton saw his chance To win the Old Mans favor, and beside him took his stance \" Perhaps you are aware, sir, of my most terrific plan\" Said Morton to the boss, who soon became an avid fan As he left, Bob Morton dared to look Dick in the eye And Dick he looked right back, so very angry he could cry Later in the day, Bob Morton was elated \"The fumbling Dick\" he said, \"made my winning justly fated\" Johnson pointed warningly, to Kinney's quick demise \"Such is life in the big city\", said Morton the unwise Our heroes in true blue, now outside a coffee shop Where Murphy spun his gun to show who was the better cop But when called upon to stop a rotten gang of fleeing thieves Neither one of them did know that this would end in horrid grief For the thieves they rushed to hinder, not a merry little group Was led by Clarence Boddicker, who would to murder stoop You see Clarence was already, set in a mood most foul With burned loot in his hand to Bobby he did growl \" You destroyed all of our money, you sphincter-looking man!\" And, on Tiny Bobby he quite harshly laid his hand \" They might as well be marked!\" and Bobby new that he was dead When Clarence tried to push the money right into his head And so, when Murphy and his partner closed up on the van The thieves threw Bobby out the door, and then hastily they ran But Lewis and Murphy, tenacious as can be Followed Clarence and his gang to a nearby factory Any help they hoped to get would take too long to come So they went in just the two, unwisely and quite dumb Lewis caught the colored Joe, peeing all alone But got knocked out when glancing down upon his fleshy bone Murphy found Emil the driver, and clearly made him see That \"Dead or alive, you are coming back with me\" Bad guys crawled out sudden, from under every rock And Murphy knew that of his life it time was to take stock Clarence threateningly said \"Cops and I don't get along\" He aimed his sawed off shotgun, humming a weird song \" Na-Na-Na-Na-Na\" hummed Clarence, but kept aiming nonetheless And then swiftly turned the cops right hand into a bloody mess \" Well give the man a hand!\" said Clarence laughing merrily And Lewis, now awake, showed up in time to sadly see Poor Murphy shot a million times but somehow still alive Until Clarence raised his gun, and thus ended Murphy's strive Strange it seems but Murphy still alive was later on In desperation medics tried to keep him hanging on They finally did give up at quarter past the hour six And left for Morton's team to do their futuristic tricks \" He died\" said Johnson \"with his corpse we do most as we please\" \"Full bodily prosthesis\", hasted Morton then with ease He looked his unfinished creation in the eye and said to he \"A very woeful sodomizer, of mothers thou will be!\" The awaited day arrived, when it was for all to know What Bob Morton and his team, had kept hidden down below A pompous Morton called him, \"The future of the law\" While all looked on with bulging eyes, and this is what they saw A man of average height, but equally wide Incased in silvery metal, on both front and back and side His head was also covered, and a visor shield his eyes And a terrifying gun, was hidden inside his right thigh But his unexpressive mouth, was his most distinctive feature Naked down to pinkish skin, his link from man to creature As he walked around the room, the people cheered him on His thudding footsteps hinted, that he weighed at least a ton We return now to the precinct, where Lewis still reside She was not there however, when the robot walked inside Bob Morton pushed aside Captain Reed and put him down \"This is not your business!\", and Reed could all but frown They showed the metal man, to a custom fitted chair Behind a fence he'd be, as if a guest in Batman's lair They said for him to sit, and he said \"Yes, I understand\" They tested his recording skills, and food of unknown brand Bob Morton asked him promptly, to state his main three goals \"To Serve the public trust, and Protect the frightened souls\" \" And also\" , said the metal man, \"to Uphold the law\" Morton smiled and felt his icy self begin to thaw Perhaps his smile would fade, if he had seen that there was more That a secret oozed in Robo's mind, called Prime Directive Four But let's for now leave this behind, in time we will return Instead we move inside a place, where trigger fingers burn On the shooting range the noise was deafeningly loud But soon all stop, except for one who's gathering a crowd The metal man was showing off, destroying all in sight While Morton he looked on and laughed out loud with all his might From way back in the crowd, Lewis carefully observed That afterwards, before the ringing noise had stopped reverb The robot man spun his gun, one of no small size Her partner Murphy's move, she could not help but recognize In disbelief she stared at him, as he walked away She did attend his funeral, now here he was today \" My man requires transportation\", Morton said to Reed Then proudly watched, as Robo left to do his noble deed Imagine now the music, as it swells and does its thing Marching style percussion, with the trumpets and the strings Through the night our hero, he will lead the righteous way We sense that from this moment, everything will be okay We follow his triumphant path, in the crime filled street And got to watch a foulmouthed robber, his end quickly meet Attempted rape got foiled, when Robo pulled his gun And shot the rapist in the crotch, a horrifying pun! But afterwards, the victim, she not even got a pat \"I will notify a crisis center\", and that was sadly that At City Hall, police and press had gathered like a mob To watch a man with hostages, try to get back his job \" This is\" said one police, \"a situation tricky\" But when RoboCop arrived, things got easier – quickly \" Keep him talking\" Robo said, and then made his way inside The policeman, through a speaker, tried a verbal hand of slide \" Tell us what you want, and it to you we will bring\" \"Just please release the mayor and we'll give you anything\" The desperate man began to ramble on about a car This demand, seem the most important one by far As he spoke he failed to hear the steps outside the wall And quickly he was grabbed right through the layered bricks and all Robo knocked him through the window, and he went flying out Recorded on the cameras filming all that went about Later on the news, this was right at the top And the many questions mount, who indeed is RoboCop? In a segment on his fans, (of whose size he's more than double) Robo looked into the camera and said \"Please stay out of trouble\" To predict no more crime, Bob Morton then saw fit But no matter what he said, you could not help to think; Git! Git or not, Bob Morton, he was moving up the chain And to the flashy bathroom, he access now had gained He entered it in conversation, with another suit Putting down Dick Jones, as he was draining out his flute Suddenly the bathroom, seemed more empty than before A flushing sound, then Dick came out, to settle the old score The suit right next to Morton, in panic so he fled So quick to leave he missed the drain, and hit his pants instead Not afraid of Dickie Jones, though he looked quite grim Morton stayed to wash his hands, while Dick loomed over him \" When I was young and dumb\", Dick treacherously smiled \"We called the Old Man funny names, but we did so with style\" \" I contracted ED 209, who cares it worked or not!\" \"To bad for you\", Bob Morton Said, \"the Old Man cared a lot\" Dick circled around Bob, and said \"He is a sweet old man\" \"But when he dies, in not too long, your job is in the can\" He grabbed Bob by the hair and growled \"You really need to know\" \"If you play with the piranha, you might lose more than a toe!\" A final warning Dick to Bob then ominously gave \"You better pray your robot monster does not misbehave!\" As he left, the shaking Morton almost hit the deck For he could feel that bastard Dick, breathing down his neck With Dicks final words, still ringing through the night The metal man, in his chair, was having quite a fright Semantic Response, or Dreaming, as it were Images of family, and nasty men occur The sensors and the gages, performed a hectic dance Then suddenly he stood right up, as rigid as a lance He purposefully left his chair, and headed for the door While technicians all around, were confused and in uproar Somewhere down the hallway, on his way outside Lewis saw her chance, and fell in to his stride She said \"My name is Lewis\", and then asked him for his name She struggled how to tell him, he and Murphy were the same With people closing in, time grew short and this she knew She looked him squarely in the eye and told him \"Murphy, it is you!\" It wasn't hard to tell, that he was taken quite aback But instantly composed himself, for this he had a knack \" Somewhere crime is happening\", he said and walked away Bob Morton asked her all about it, later on that day The metal man now aimlessly, was cruising through the streets Like a man without a bed, but with millions of sheets He knew he had to search, but for what he didn't know So he rode on through the night, and it was lucky he did so For a robbery in progress, turned out to be Emil Taking petty cash, and also petrol he would steal He asked his victim questions, taunting him for fun He said \"You think you're smart, but are you smarter than my gun?\" Robocop arrived, and told Emil how it would be \"Dead or alive, you are coming back with me\" Emil he stopped and stared, at this futuristic cop He could have said \"freeze\" or \"halt\" or maybe even \"stop\" But this sounded like the man, that they had shot a hundred times So he raised his gun, deafened, by all the warning chimes As he shot his gun, \"We killed you\" so he said He said it one more time, and let out a blunt \" You're dead!\" In shock as Robo was, he recorded nonetheless What looked like a solution, to his identity's duress But when mixing gas and bullets, a price you have to pay The explosion shook the ground, as Emil he sped away Engulfed inside exploding flames of burning gasoline Robo shot the thug, or rather shot his speed machine Emil crashed his bike, and Robo asked him \"Who are you?\" But Emil could only groan, so Robo knew what he must do In the records of police, he scanned faces from his dream Soon he found Emil, and the others in his team Under Clarence Boddicker, he found a golden clue That which Lewis called him, when she said that \"It is you\" Listed under victims, of Clarence murder spree Was this Murphy really who he was supposed to be? Apparently he once had lived somewhere on Primrose Lane He knew he had to visit there, or else he'd go insane Arriving at the house, he found it was for sale The empty space inside, had air unused and stale He staggered through the rooms, digging up his past Clinging to the visions that, sadly wouldn't last His unwanted predicament, raged inside his mind The ones that were responsible, he now set out to find Time was none to waste, so he arrested Leon Nash \"Lead me straight to Clarence, or you will be soundly thrashed!\" But for now, let's leave the metal cop to find his man For Bob Morton had two women, nasty powder and a plan With cocaine inside his nose, and filth inside his head \"Smart women are sexy\", a drooling Morton said His fumbling advance, was interrupted by the bell \"It must be the champagne\", but outside awaited hell The hell of Clarence Boddicker, toting a big gun \"Wenches please disperse\" he said, and ruined Morton's fun Bob Morton was outraged, embarrassed and quite scared \"Do you know who I am!\", he yelled as loudly as he dared Clarence, without speaking, a silencer produced A sign not very good, this Bob Morton could deduce And true it was, for Clarence shot him twice in every leg In a pool of blood, for his life he had to beg He was shown a message from Dick Jones who sneeringly was saying \"I guess about now you're on your knees, praying\" That Dick would go this far, Morton thought was quite absurd \"I'm cashing you out\", said Dick the dangerously disturbed To his horrid disbelief, Clarence held up a grenade He pulled the pin and set it down, then a farewell bade With bullet ridden legs, Morton's future now looked grim The following explosion, tore his body limb from limb We move ahead in time, maybe one or several days Inside a cocaine factory, we for a while will stray Machines packing wares, worth a billion and one dollar Like an awful drug induced, Modern Times in Technicolor The owner, a wine drinking pseudo snob named Sal Was arguing with Clarence, they were not each other's pal \" You and me are both the same\" , but Clarence disagreed \"Lowering your price, is an advice that you should heed\" Said Sal: \"I'm unsettled, by your powerful connections\" Clarence shrugged and said, \"I don't care 'bout your objections\" Their argument, with shocking force, suddenly was halted Someone didn't seem to care, the door was locked and bolted When Robo entered, all sprung up, ready on the double \"Come with me\" , Robo said, \"or there will be…trouble\" The shooting that ensued, resulted in the death Of almost everyone, in the room that could draw breath Saving Clarence to the end, (I'm sure this was his plan) But he would do this by the book, and arrest this man Thinking he was surely dead, Clarence started yelling \"There is a man of higher stature, this to you I'm telling!\" Squeezing Clarence throat, he could not resist the urge Clarence let \"It's Dick Jones!\" be his final purge Robo let it stop, at excruciating pain And arrested Clarence, focus set on higher up the chain At the murky precinct, the mood was far from bliss When Robo turned in Clarence saying, \"A cop killer he is\" With his evidence recorded, Clarence Greatest Hits RoboCop set out to tear Dick Jones in tiny bits What he really meant to do, was not to kill but to arrest And this is where your memory, gets put to bitter test Cause when Robo said to Dick, \"To a prison you'll be taken\" Something inside Robo's head, was suddenly awaken Cramping up in seizures, he stumbled to the ground Making noises, like an awful grinding torture sound Dick smiled and said \"You want to know what's wrong with your condition?\" \"It's called Directive Four, and is my personal addition\" \" If I myself may say so, it is clever and a half\" \"It prevents you from arresting senior members of our staff\" \" We cannot have our product turn against us, that won't do\" \"Now here is someone I would like to introduce to you\" Clonking noises, thunderous steps, and there was 209 The psychopathic robot, Dick insisted was just fine \" I killed Bob Morton, cause he made a terrible mistake\" Said Dick and stepped aside, to let his robot overtake It's tempting to describe the match as equally teamed But truth in here, must be told, RoboCop got creamed Thrown from room to room by his opponent's firepower It's safe to say he felt this might be his final hour Dick called the police, when the fight got out of hand \"There's trouble in this house, send quickly every man!\" When Robo took the stairs, his violent fiend got stuck Saved by bad design, and a healthy dose of luck But his luck it runneth out, as he reached the bottom floor Where soon he'd be the victim, of metal thrashing gore A fully armed assault team, his arrival was awaiting It seemed unfair that they, on RoboCop was hating Fair or unfair, the mayhem soon commenced But luckily for Robo, this garage was poorly fenced Clambering away, struggling to escape Fearing that he'd soon be held together by tape Suddenly, a voice rang loudly through the air \"It's me! Lewis!\" it said so very clear Dodging many bullets, they sped hastily through the night Partners in crime, a couple in flight The place where they hid, was ironic to see For it was the very place, where Murphy ceased to be Clarence imprisonment, was readily forgotten For in the state of Detroit, things were surely rotten At the huge corner office, Clarence soon arrived Where Dick Jones was angry, and loudly he cried \" You mentioned my name and involved me, you prick!\" Clarence said \"Look at my face – Dick!\" \" That thing, was trying to kill me dead!\" \"He recorded\" said Dick \"everything that you said!\" \" His memory is viable proof in court\" Clarence could only scoff and snort Dick said to him \"I need you to kill it\" \"I trust that won't be a problem, will it\" \" What's in it for me?\" said Clarence the greedy \"This\" said Dick \"is a city much needy\" \" I'll make sure for all needs, you're the man to call\" Said Clarence: \"I guess we'll be friends after all\" At the hideout, Robo had opened the door To a future where he would be Robo no more Removing his helmet, shedding his skin To show on the outside, who he was within Though freakishly looking, it was easy to see Who this machine, once used to be Said Lewis: \"It's nice to see you again\" Said Murphy: \"My family, what happened to them?\" \" They started over\" she reluctantly said And implied that his wife had, once again wed \" I can feel them\" he said, voice fading away \"But cannot remember them, try as I may\" On through the night, Murphy pondered his sorrow While downtown, armed and waiting on the morrow Was Clarence and his band, of murderous scum Thieving bastards, dangerously dumb With guns replacing both brains and brawn They set out to make Robo, dead by dawn At the first sign of light, Lewis was woken It seemed Murphy's aim, was somewhat broken As intimate as ever, they were to be She held his hand, and helped him see Finished they were, luckily enough When the hoodlums showed up, acting all tough Out loud they laughed, amongst each other And yelled \"Where is that metallic mother!\" Murphy stepped out \"Are you looking for me!\" And shot one of them dead, they were now only three Leon on foot, and Clarence in his car But Emil, with his van, would not go far For he drove his van, with too much haste And amazingly crashed, into toxic waste Emil stumbled out, onto the street A putrid, rotting, slab of meat \" Help me!\" he wheezed and wailed his plea And ironically so, for it was to be That Clarence was chased, by Lewis the cop His speed was such that he failed to stop When Emil staggered out, right in his path Like a bag full of slush, you do the math Obscuring Clarence vision, did the melting man Blindly Clarence swerved, and off the road he ran He landed upside down, after soaring through the air But I challenge you to think him dead - do it, I you dare When Lewis stepped out from her car, Clarence then broke free Gun in hand, several times shot her, so did he Said Clarence: \"Bye, bye baby\" , and aimed to show her heaven But then Murphy shouted \" Clarence!\" in the hour of eleven Said Murphy, as he neared: \"This time I won't arrest\" Of Clarence's nerves this situation was a mighty test But help would come from somewhere, high up in a crane Where Leon Nash was ready, to on Robo make it rain He pulled a lever making, a thousand tons of steel Hitting Murphy where he it most certainly would feel \" I got him Clarence! I got him!\" Nash shouted with delight But Lewis with a rocket gun, had him in her sight The explosion meant that Leon Nash, immediately scattered This made Clarence quite upset, to him Nash had mattered Angrily he grabbed a long piece of sharpened steel And advanced on the robot, to seal his rotten deal Quickly and brutally, so fought the two Clarence ran RoboCop, all the way through \" Sayonara\" he said, and aimed for the kill But resourceful was Murphy, and strong he was still As the bastard leaned forward, to scowl at him and gloat Murphy reached up forcefully, and tore out Clarence throat Clarence went down gargling, all over spewing blood Making pools of ruby red, in the dark brown mud Murphy his attention turned, to Lewis's plight \"Lewis!\" he shouted, \"tell me quick, are you all right?\" \" Murphy!\" she managed, with a voice of fear and stress Then writhing in pain, let out \"I am a mess!\" With bitterness Murphy's voice, sullenly did ring When he said \"They'll fix you, they'll fix most anything\" Meanwhile in the boardroom, where poor Kinney was slain The Old Man's fading interest, was going down the drain Dick Jones was speaking proudly, certain he had won Now that all things Morton, was finally undone When the doors flung open, and Murphy stepped inside Everybody turned, and Dick Jones's eyes grew wide \" How may we help you officer?\" The Old Man said with tact \"Dick Jones is wanted for murder\" , stated Murphy as a fact \" That thing\" , Jones fretted \"is a violent psychopath\" He was profoundly sweating, as if he'd had a bath \" The programming I have, locked inside my head\" \"Forbids me to take action\" , Murphy calmly said It seemed The Old Man asked, with high hopes and expectations \"Do you perhaps have proof, of these serious accusations?\" Dick Jones watched in horror that which Murphy had recorded It was himself admitting, that he Mortons death had ordered (If this you don't remember, retrace your steps you can No shame in having a two-year-olds, defunct attention span) In panic Jones decided, this was no longer fun He grabbed The Old Man, at his head pointing a big gun \" I'll board a chopper with my hostage!\" Jones proclaimed out loud It almost seemed the stupid man, of his plan was proud Maybe Murphy counted, on The Old Man's mind To be one of the sharp, awake and puzzle solving kind The Old Man's clever head, one simply must admire When he bellowed loudly, that \"Dick! You are FIRED!\" With an electronic bleep, Directive Four was gone Now Dick Jones was valued, even lower than a pawn \" Thank you\" Murphy said, as content as one could be The Old Man threw his elbow back, and easily was free Dick Jones could only stand there, paralyzed with fear Naked in the headlights, like a frozen deer Within a millisecond or maybe three or four Murphy's bullets all the way through Jones's body tore He staggered backwards, through the window, falling to his death Screaming all the way, until he bashed right out of breath Murphy spun his gun, and began to walk away But stopped and turned his head, when he heard The Old Man say \" Very nifty shooting son, tell me, what's your name?\" This was the moment after which, none would be the same Pride and joy and sense of self, filled his wired head He looked The Old Man in the eye, \"Murphy\" he then said The crescendo of the music, leads us to believe That everything is well enough, for us to finally leave Knowing that the city is protected by the best We bid farewell to Murphy, and Lewis and the rest The End * *** * About me I love to write, and I do so frequently. Like everyone else in the free world I have a blog, in which I pester my friends and family (the only ones nice enough to read it) with whatever pops into my head. Funny thoughts, angry tantrums, painful recollections......or Movie related texts! Because as much as I love to write, I love movies even more! On average I probably watch two or three movies every week, and I constantly use my blog to write about them, be they remarkably good – or horrendously bad. I have written movie reviews on a more or less professional level, and even though I sometimes thrived in trashing a particularly bad piece of cinema, or in passionately trying to get others to see a movie I had fallen in love with, I find the blog (or column) format, in which one can seemingly without restriction ramble on about whatever comes to mind, much more enjoyable. About RoboCop: The Bed Time Story Let's get the important stuff over with right away! This is nothing more than fan fiction and it is in no way affiliated with anyone involved in the creation of RoboCop. No ownership is assumed, no infringement is intended. So, however does one get the idea to take a violent piece of science-fiction cinema, and rewrite it as a rhyming bed time story? Besides being a huge RoboCop fan, two people in particular have been major sources of inspiration. -The first person is film maker and screenwriter Adam Bertocci, who one day decided to write a play manuscript called Two Gentlemen Of Lebowski , an exploration in what it would have looked like had William Shakespeare written the The Cohen Brothers fabulous piece of cinematic art; The Big Lebowski . Bertocci's fascinating manuscript, in which he bent the words of a contemporary movie to fit the world of Shakespeare, was a tough read (especially for someone not used to reading Shakespeare), but intoxicating nonetheless! Shortly after having read it, I began writing RoboCop: The Bed Time Story . -The second person is my friend, Daniel, who first made me aware of Adam Bertocci's play manuscript. About RoboCop Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner wrote a screenplay, and in 1987 director Paul Verhoeven turned it into the movie RoboCop. The movie is today considered a cult classic (and has probably been so ever since its release). It is a violent science fiction tale, jam packed with social criticism and cynical predictions of things to come. Today it is a harsh reality check, for anyone who back in 1987 thought the world was going to be a more peaceful place in the future! We are, in 2010, frighteningly close to RoboCop's 23 year old vision of \"violence in the future\". With that in mind, I found it only fitting to have a go at replacing the princesses, the wicked witches and all the other cutesy bed time story items…with some blood soaked violence, tragic loss of identity and victory through vengeance and gunfire. To RoboCop fans and nitpickers out there: I have worked very hard to keep RoboCop: The Bed Time Story as close to the original as possible, but when I was unable to do that – I at least tried to stay true to its spirit! So, I am very much aware that I have taken liberties with everything from big and small details in the story, to lines uttered by the characters in it, but I will simply call this artistic license. Sometimes I had to omit certain things, or twist them slightly, to make the rhyming just a little bit easier. Same goes for the lines, not only did I need to change things because I intended to cut/replace the curse words, I was also very often forced to either bend the words, twist the order of them or just boil down an entire conversation to a few paragraphs, or even words. But, whenever I could use a line quoted verbatim, I have done so (and been overjoyed at my own cleverness)! RoboCop: The Bed Time Story © 2010 Mikael Karlsson Contact info: ralph_ hinkley (AT) (mostly in Swedish) To download this story as a PDF-document, please visit .com/2010/02/04/robocop-the-bed-time-story/ ","Summary":" RoboCop The Bed Time Story Let it be known that in this tale is violent death and drugs But freed f"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"We're only humane","Author":"Traitor of All Traitors","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8448815","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Creation began on 08-18-12 Creation ended on 08-20-12 Robocop We're only humane A/N: Takes place during and after Robocop 2 , disregarding some of the events of Robocop 3 with some great help from original characters. Let's get it on! As the battle against the second Robocop raged on at Civic Centrum, Omni Consumer Products' CEO, the Old Man, worried about the company losing the trust of the public and the stock the corporation required to stay in control of their plan to build Delta City where Old Detroit stood. Unknown to him and his underlings, somebody had other interests in mind, which didn't go well with OCP's goals. What a neat freak, thought the man with half the plan that was put in motion for over three months now. Well, beggars can't be choosers. Time to restore the order. And as he continued to watch from the sidelines, the original Robocop had just removed the second's human organics, or rather, his brain, from the robotic casing and smashed it into the next world, destroying Robocop 2's link to the living world for good. \"…I was instructed to make sure you received this letter, sir,\" a young woman with blond hair and red eyes in a green business dress informed the Old Man, who, along with Juliette Faxx and his other underlings, was about to leave the Civic Centrum, and gave him the letter her instructor gave her. \"Have a good evening.\" She walked away and allowed the Old Man the would-be privacy to read the letter. The Old Man instead handed the letter to the company's lawyer, Holzgang, who took a look at the letter…and soon wished he hadn't. \"Sir!\" He called out to the Old Man. Three days after the fiasco, Omni Consumer Products' new headquarters was being cleared out. A rival corporation that wasn't even on OCP's list of rivals had, in a well-kept secret, bought more than half of the company's stocks and shares in a takeover that had been in the works since before the police strike occurred. The former rival corporation was known as The Restorative Corporation ,run by a brother/sister duo, Kenneth and Kelly Otium, who took notice of OCP's business much of the time, particularly during the operation to build the second Robocop, whom they, the brother/sister duo, were thoroughly impressed with. Through various general contractors and the like, The Restorative Corporation kept tabs on OCP with hidden cameras and wire taps, enabling them to see and hear much of whatever was revealed or uttered, which revealed to the press many things that OCP was responsible for, which included the purpose of the police strike and allowing Juliette Faxx to pursue using criminals like the former Nuke drug lord, Cain, as candidates for the Robocop 2 project, using Robocop 2 to deal in death to the mayor and whoever it was that was attempting to bail out the city of its debt to OCP to avoid humiliation and the losing of their stock and resources, along with the plan to use Ms. Faxx as a scapegoat to avoid persecution. With the loss of the company and the inability to foreclose on the city to construct Delta City, the Old Man and most of his underlings were looking at several years, fifteen at the most, of prison time for their shady business ventures. The Old Man, on the other hand, was looking at the rest of his own life behind bars for allowing the city to tear itself apart through the rampant crime and disorder to increase his chances of taking it. As an added benefit in helping to restore the law and order in the Detroit, The Restorative Corporation eliminated the city's former debt to OCP and restored the wages, benefits and funding to the police force, and instead of trying to build a new city where the old one still resided, the corporation aimed to help rebuild the deteriorated neighborhoods and put an end to the crime and restore democracy to its rightful place. \" If people want paradise, they must have law and order first,\" the CEOs of The Restorative Corporation had once stated in a video recording. It was only five years ago that Robocop, formerly known as Officer Alex Murphy, had his workload increased dramatically due to the police strike that nearly cost him his life a second time. And now…now, he, like many of the other policemen, had it simpler than before. While OCP had fallen into the abyss of memories, The Restorative Corporation had purchased the rights to him, since, in OCP's point of view, he was a product; this allowed him to be kept away from the scrapyard. Like any other machine that was programmed with instructions, Kenneth and Kelly kept him with his three basic ones: Serve the public trust, protect the innocent, and upholding the law. Of course, respecting the cyborg's humanity, his directives weren't hardwired into him, but instead kept of his own free will. Old Detroit was seeing regular days of calmness with the crime rate having dropped drastically due to the police force being better-funded and manned. Along with good jobs that people could be proud of. \"I think this was our greatest achievement, brother,\" went Kelly to her brother, overlooking the city from OCP's former headquarters. \"You really think this is our best achievement?\" Kenneth asked her, signing his signature on some papers. \"Mayor Kuzak had wanted to know why we insisted that he stay in office after the war on crime dropped significantly in the police's favor, and I told him that people prefer him over a man that wouldn't truly raise a finger to aid the people like the Old Man.\" \"You really think it was a good idea to use this building as our new headquarters, big brother?\" \"Why, you don't like the view?\" Kelly looked down at the street below and responded, \"It's not the view that I have a problem with. It's the lack of humility…and I don't think we planted enough trees when we rebuilt the parks and playgrounds for the families that got back their peaceful neighborhoods.\" Kenneth looked out at the city below and noticed the lack of greenery around the city blocks. \"If we wanted to, we could invest in more trees, sis,\" he told her. \"Then we should do so. We used the money from OCP's decommissioned Ed-209 series to buy the trees from reforestation organizations elsewhere…and we still enough from that series to buy a few hundred more trees.\" \"Was there any of OCP's money that you didn't use?\" Kenneth questioned. \"I didn't use any of the money from their decommissioned Robocop 2 program.\" \"I used that money to fund the hospitals of Detroit. I can't believe over ninety-million was used to transform two deceased officers and a drug lord into unstable cyborgs. And, no, the third one was unstable because it still wanted Nuke.\" \"I wasn't gonna say anything about that. At least we helped put an end to the distribution of Nuke. Too many people on the streets fighting or killing each other just to get their hands on some money to purchase it.\" \"The rehabilitation centers are still helping those afflicted with the addiction to break the habit after it was discovered that some remnants of the cult manufacturing Nuke were still processing it.\" \"But we can look on the bright side, though: Law and order are up high, crime is down and low…and the oppressive, capitalist pigs are no longer in charge.\" \"Yeah, that's true. Things are going to get even better.\" As the siblings continued to converse, the city's resident cyborg police officer continued his monitoring of riding around the streets to ensure that crime was at a minimum of activity. Of course, the peace didn't last long when an update came through the radio about a bank robbery and double homicide having been committed. With this information, Robocop, Murphy, turned his car around and drove to pursue the criminals at work. A/N: Well, this should add to the lack of Robocop fiction not present on this site. Down with OCP, up with TRC! Read and review! Peace! ","Summary":" Creation began on 08-18-12 Creation ended on 08-20-12 Robocop We're only humane A/N: Takes place du"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"A Day in Robocop's Life","Author":"Dr. Conquistador Wilson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11148856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"CRIME DOESN'T PAY\" is all that was going through Robocop's head as he began to fill out the answer sheet for his chemistry exam. He leaned his head on the his cool, robotic hand as he stared off, thinking about what he wanted to do that night. \"I'll fight crime all night!\", he exclaimed, accidentally out loud. He realized his mistake when he saw all of his classmates staring at him. One of them even called him a loser! Robocop ran out of the room, embarrassed. \"I hate the ninth grade\", he thought to himself. As he ran down the hallway, he noticed a man being stabbed next to the band room. Robocop, being resourceful, quickly shoved his rock-hard fist through the perpetrator's soft skull as if it were a bag of peaches that were made out of something that was soft. The man screamed \"DANG, I'VE BEEN FOILED\" as his body fell to the floor. The stabbing victim was already dead, but Robocop knew he was thankful. LATER THAT DAY Robocop arrived at his family's modest home, greeted by his cocker spaniel, Robert. \"HELLO ROBERT\", said Robocop, as he was crushing the dog's skull with his vice-like grip. Robocop knew that his dog's now-present brain damage was a sad but necessary sacrifice in the war against the scum of Detroit. His dog stumbled straight into the mailbox post as Robocop opened his front door. Something seemed off as he noticed that the door was not only unlocked, which was rare, but it was kicked in and splintered remains were all that were left of it. Robocop shrugged this off and proceeded to go to bed, due to it being a long day. He woke up to the dog bumping its still-recovering skull into his bed frame. Robocop gave his dog an even-further crippling smack on the spine as he walked out the door. He stepped over the smoldering corpses of his parents on the way to the stairs before stopping. \"Wait a minute\" he said, as he turned around and noticed the smoldering corpses of his parents! Robocop thought nothing of it and proceeded to go down the stairs. Another productive day awaited the ultimate cop! ","Summary":" \"CRIME DOESN'T PAY\" is all that was going through Robocop's head as he began to fill out the answ"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop-Family Reunion","Author":"Gabbi77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10210765","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I do not own Robocop, nor the other characters presented in the story. Note 1 : Because of the lack of Robocop fanfiction, I decided to write my own story. The action takes place after Robocop 3 movie. Anne Lewis surprisingly survives after the multiple shots she got from McDaggett and she comes back to the Metro West precint. She gets reunited with Murphy who tells her he got new memories of his family. Lewis convinces him to look for his wife and son and then they go together at the Murphy residence. Note 2 : Although the action of the story takes place after Robocop 3, where Peter Weller was replaced by another actor, the Robocop in my story is the one portrayed by Weller, since that's the Robocop that I liked the most. Well, there you have it: Robocop-Family Reunion The old Detroit was rebuilt into a new, prosperous Detroit, where everybody had a place to live and a decent job. With OCP gone, the police forces were independent and the police officers were more effective than ever, so the crime rate was very low. Robocop was at rest on his charging chair after patrolling half of the previous night; he had his eyes closed, although he wasn't sleeping. Memories of his past started to flood his mind. He was remembering the birth of his son Jimmy. He had assisted his wife while giving birth to their son and God, it was the happiest day of his life. FLASHBACK -C'mon honey, just a little bit and it will be over. Soon, we will be able to hold our baby, Alex said, trying to encourage his wife who was in terrible pain. You're doing great my love. -Alex, don't leave me, please stay with me! Ellen muthered between taking deep breaths. -I'm right here and I'm not leaving anywere. Keep breathing honey, Alex calmed her down. Ellen pushed again as hard as she could and suddenly, between her terrifing screams, a baby cry was heard. -Congratulations Mrs and Mr Murphy, the doctor said, putting the newborn baby in Ellen's awaiting arms. You have a perfectly healthy baby boy. -Our son, Alex, he's our son, Ellen said, happiness tears falling on her cheeks. -Yes, our son...he said, bending over his wife and kissing her on the lips. Thank you Ellen, thank you for making me the happiest man in the world. -No, you made me the happiest woman in the world, Ellen said after the kiss was ended. She then gave Alex their baby so he could hold him in his arms for a while. -Hello there buddy, it's Daddy, he said kissing his son on his foreahead. He had tears on his eyes, happiness tears. I love you so much, both of you! END OF FLASHBACK -Ellen...Jimmy...I'm sorry...forgive me for doing this to you...I shouldn't have exposed myself to so much danger...but I did it and I caused you so much pain...Robocop opened his eyes and he was suprised to discover that he was crying. He still had that abilitity, but he didn't discovered it until then. -Murphy, are you alright? His technician, dr Marie Lazarus asked, aproaching him. -I'm ok Marie, thank you. I'm just remembering things...he answered sadly. -Murphy you're crying! God, I had no idea you can still do that! Marie exclaimed surprised. -Me neither, I just discovered it a moment ago. It's a strage feeling, you know? A cyborg shouldn't cry. -But you're more a human than a machine, Murphy. You're not a product, like OCP wanted eveybody to think. You're Murphy, officer Alex J. Murphy. -Yes...I am Alex Murphy...he repeated, looking at his hands. But this is not my body, Marie, I'm not the same anymore. -Murphy, with your human body or not, you're still here. And you're the same brave cop you were before. You still have your brain and heart and that makes you as human as I am. -I guess so...he said still looking at his hands. -C'mon Murphy, cheer up. I have a surprise for you, Marie said with a sly smile. -Hello Murphy, did you miss me? Said a feminine voice, making Murphy to lift his head. -Anne? He said completely taken aback. Anne, you're alive! He then did something that he never did since they were partners. He stood up from his chair and he hugged her, carefully not to hurt her with his bulky armour. I thought you were dead! You made me promise... -To get those guys for me, I know, Lewis interrupted him. I would have been dead if it wasn't for Marie. She saved my life. -Yes Murphy. After I left you on your charging chair to get some rest, I went back to the church. I didn't know that Anne was alive, I just wanted to take her body so we could start getting everything ready for the funerals. At least she wouldn't have been one of OCP's experiments. But to my surprise, she was still breathing when I found her. I called an ambulance and they rushed her to the hospital, She's been through a surgery and I stood there until the surgeon came out and told me that she wasn't in danger anymore. When I came back to the precint to check on you, you were resting and I didn't want to disturb you, so after taking a nap, I went back to the hospital and I found Anne awake. I talked to her and told her that everybody thought she died and she asked me to keep the secret about her being alive, she didn't really cared about the others, but she wanted to give you a surprise and she really did it. -I can't believe it! But it's so good to see you again, Anne! Murphy said, this time with a happy tone. I missed you and I felt guilty for what happened to you. I should have shielded you but I stood aside like an idiot! -Murphy, if there's someone to blame, then that's me. I'm the one who refused to take the bullet-proof. So don't blame yourself, because it's not your fault. -But...Murphy didn't get to finish his sentence. -But nothing. Besides, that asshole of Mcdaggett is dead, you kept your promise and I'm here, pretty much alive. So there's nothing to be sorry for. Got it, partner? Lewis missed Murphy too, she missed their missions together. -Ok. But promise me something, Murphy said looking straight into her eyes. -What? Lewis asked looking back at him. -Promise me that you'll never leave without the bullet-proof. The last time you did it, you almost got yourself killed. -I promise Murphy. I know, it was stupid of me to go in a mission without protection. Like I had a titanium armour to protect me, she said laughing. -Ok guys, I'm done here, so I'll leave you two alone, you probably have a lot to catch up with, Marie said and left. -Anne, I need to tell you something, Murphy said with a tone that got Lewis really worried. -What's wrong Murphy? You got me worried, she said. -No, it's nothing to worry about. It's just that...he stopped for a while. I got new memories about my life, about my family. -Really? What did you remember? Are they bad things or good things? -Good things. This morning I remembered the birth of my son Jimmy. I assisted my wife when she gave birth to him...when I heard his cry and when I held him in my arms for the first time, I was the happiest man in the world. I still am the happiest man...well, cyborg, to be his father... -Aww, that's so sweet...And they say you're just a machine! Bullshit, you're Alex Murphy, I knew it from the first moment I saw you, when you were spinning your gun like that guy from the show your son used to watch! -At the beginning I just did it, not knowing how I learned it or why I did it. But later, when the memories came back to me, I understood. If Jimmy would see how I do it now...even if she couldn't see his eyes because of his helmet, Lewis knew that Murphy was very sad. -Murphy? Why don't you look for them? The OCP is gone, you have no owner, nobody to control you. Besides, having your family close to you won't make you less effective as a cop, right? -You're right, but...Holzgang...he told me to leave them alone...he said I'm just a machine... -Fuck Holzgang! He's gone, he can't give you orders anymore! Listen Murphy, I think you should look for them. I'm sure they wouldn't reject you even if you're different now. -I don't know...Ellen came to see me...she told me she doesn't care what they did to me, she was wiiling to start it over with me and our son just the way I am now...but I told her that her husband is dead and I was made to honor him and not just that, I told her that I don't know her... -What?! Murphy, how could you do that? You broke her heart saying those things to her! -Holzgang told me that I can't be a husband for her, I can't offer her love, because I'm just a machine, a product. He said I'm not human... -Fuck him! Thanks God he's gone! Murphy, listen to me, go and look for your family. I will help you with anything, just do it, they have the right to know that you're alive. -I miss them so much...but Ellen will never forgive me for the things I told her that day... -Yes she will, as soon as you explain her eveything. I'm sure she will. I'm a woman, trust me. -Ok, I will. Thank you Anne. I hope they didn't move out again. -No need to thank me, that's what friends do. And by the way Murphy, I like when you call me Anne. -Then you should start calling me Alex. And Anne, I want you to come with me to see them. -Sure. When do we go? I'm still on sick leave, so if you want we can go right now. -Perfect. I don't want to wait any longer. I've been waiting enough. -Then let's go partner. First we have to let Sergent Reed know about this, he's our superior. After their conversation, Murphy and Lewis went to Sergent Reed, who was more than happy when he heard that Murphy finally decided to look for his family and wished him good luck. Then they got up in the cruiser that they always shared and went on their way to the Murphy residence. When they arrived there, Ellen was just getting out of the house to check the mail. She stopped on her tracks when she saw the black cruiser in front of her house. -Mrs Murphy? I want to talk to you, Lewis said getting out of the car and approaching the confused woman. -Anne Lewis, right? She asked with a trembling voice. You were Alex's partner. -Yes, I'm Anne Lewis and I'm still his partner, Lewis answered. -But he's...he's dead, isn't he? The poor woman was even more confused. -Not long ago, you went to Metro West and you talked to your husband. He then said that he didn't know who you are, he also told you that he was made to honor your husband who died in the line of duty. But he lied, Mrs. Murphy. He's alive and he does remember you. -Then why did he say all those things to me? I told him I don't care what they did to him and I really don't care. I just want him back, just the way he is now! -Mrs Murphy, he's in the car, waiting to talk to you. Is your son at home right now? -Jimmy? Yes, he just came from school. But do you think it's wise to tell him about this so soon? He's just a child, I'm afraid that he might get traumatized after this, after seeing his father like this... -Don't worry about that. I think it won't be a problem. -Well then...we should go inside to talk...Lewis turned to the car and made a sign for Murphy to come. He slowly got out of the car and approached the two women. -Alex...Ellen said crying. Alex, it's really you! She threw herself into his metallic arms and he hugged her gently, with the same carefulness that he hugged Lewis with. -It's me my dear...in a metallic body, but it's still me...I'm sorry for what I said when you came to see me at the precint, I didn't mean to... -Sssh...We'll have time to get everything cleared up. It must be because of those people who used to...own you, I'm sure of that. Right that moment, the front door opened and Jimmy came into view. The voices from outside had drawn his attention. -Mom, what's going on? Wow, you're Robocop! The boy said turning his full attention to the cyborg standing in front of the house. -Honey, I need to tell you something important, ok? His mother said gently. -Ok Mom, what is it? He asked, curiosity could be read in his eyes. -Well, let's go inside, shall we? It's not nice to keep the visitors at the door, Ellen said and went inside with her son, waiting for Murphy and Lewis to come inside as well. -Mom, what's going on? And why is Robocop here with Dad's partner? Jimmy asked sitting on the couch after the visitors took their seats too. -Jimmy, I know it's painful to talk about that, but do you remember when they told us that your father was killed by some bad people while he was trying to arrest them? -Yes Mom, I remember, but why are you asking me this now? I don't understand anything! The boy was really confused. -I can explain everything, Murphy said, standing up. Do you remember this, Jimmy? He asked his son taking his gun out and spinning it just like the guy from his favourite TV show and then sitting back on the sofa. -No way...the voice and the spinning...Dad? Daddy, is that you? The boy started to cry and he went to the cyborg and touched his hand. It's so cold...can you feel my touch Daddy? -Not physically, but yes, I can feel it. I missed you so much, my boy... -I missed you too Daddy, the boy said hugging his father. Can I see your face? Please? -I don't know, it's not a pretty sight for a child like you... -Dad, I want to see you, please...It can't be that scary... -Alright, but I need a drill, or a screwdriver at least, to take off my helmet. -I brought one, I knew you would need it, Lewis said, taking out a drill from the bag she was carring. Murphy then proceeded to take off his helmet and when he finally did, Jimmy came closer and touched his face. -You're so cold Daddy, but I don't care. And you're not scary at all. You're my Daddy and I love you even if you're a robot now because of some bad people. Jimmy hugged his father again and gave him a kiss on the cheek. Murphy felt tears forming in his eyes, the second time that day. -I think I should wait for you in the car Murphy, this is a family reunion... -No, please stay Mrs Lewis, Ellen said. It's ok, you don't have to go. -Thank you, Mrs. Murphy. I'm so glad that you three are finally reunited. You didn't deserve to live separated because of the selfishness of people like Holzgang. He tried to make Murphy to stay away from you and your son, by filling his head with nonsense. So Murphy thought it would be better to leave the things like they were and that's why he lied to you. He just wanted to protect you from more pain. But now that OCP and Holzgang are gone, I convinced him to look for his family and here we are. -Thank you Mrs Lewis. And Alex, welcome back home, she said, giving him a kiss on the lips, making him feel things that he haven't been feeling for so long. Soon after, Ellen invited them to eat, but Murphy just stood there and watched them, since he couldn't eat food. But he was glad that he was back with his family. Later in the evening, Murphy was watching his son sleeping on his lap and he was gently caressing him while Ellen was upstairs, preparing the bed for the boy and then he carried him into his arms to his room, where he layed the boy into his bed and tucked him in. He then bended above the sleeping boy, caressed his cheek and kissed his forehead. -Goodnight my son. See you tomorrow, he whispered and then he left the room. -Ellen, I have to go now, but I will be back tomorrow, he told his wife once they got downstairs. -Ok, we will be waiting for you Alex, she answered and she hugged him. Once they broke the hug, Murphy put his helmet back and then him and Lewis got out of the house, climbed into the cruiser and headed for the precint. Lewis was looking at Murphy while he was driving. Although his face was covered by the helmet, she could see that he was happy and the smile he gave her when he turned his head in her direction for a second confirmed his happiness. Murphy was finally reunited with his family. Happiness took the place of the pain that had reigned since the tragedy that changed his life forever. THE END End note : This story is the result of a sleepless night so I hope you like it. Please read and review. Thank you ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I do not own Robocop, nor the other characters presented in the story. Note 1 : Becaus"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop and the Spider","Author":"Binster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6593137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robocop saw movement from the corner of his eye. That was enough to set him on edge. He just knew what it was, he didn't have to look. Nor did he have the courage to look. He hated spiders. He remembered with shame the last time there was a spider in the house. That encounter had resulted in a smashed pint glass, a lot of screaming and an embarrassed apology to the nice policeman that the neighbours had called believing an aggravated burglary was taking place. His cheeks reddened at the memory. The time before that was no less inept. Surely no one else would have such trouble with spiders. No one else would end up locked in the pantry in fear. No one else would use the lid of a tin of beans as a makeshift mirror to check under the door to see if the spider had gone. No. It was a constant source of self-loathing. Robocop lived his life spider-encounter to spider-encounter, a series of un-noteworthy plateaus between agonising valleys of terror. This time, he had a plan. He decided that he just wouldn't look. He concentrated instead on the TV show he was watching. It was a murder mystery set in Italy. Robocop loved watching murder mysteries, despite being totally awful at deducing who the murderer was. Add that one to the list of shame - his accusations would fly wildly at everyone from the investigating officer to the extras in the street scenes, all to no avail. On a number of occasions he had inexplicably suspected the victim of being the killer. The TV detective had just discovered a spent shotgun cartridge and was performing forensic tests. It was all a bit far fetched - Robocop didn't know much about that sort of thing, but he was pretty sure you couldn't extract information about the relatives of the victim from the spray pattern of the cartridge's plastic housing. But then again, maybe they could. Technology was moving at such a pace these days. It was all Robocop could do to remember how to change his clock come Daylight Savings. He glanced over at the DVD slash VHS machine he'd bought himself one Christmas and still had yet to work out how to connect up. It mocked him lifelessly. One more failure for the list. The detective show cut to the commercials. As an act of technological self-affirmation Robocop decided to make himself a coffee. A fancy coffee using that machine he'd been given by his neighbour Rosie when she'd been moved into the home. He'd only used it twice, but it was much easier to work out than the video. Slap in a disc of flavoured coffee, put some water in there, press the button and you're done. He knew this. He could work this. He'd show that pompous video. Robocop stood and strode purposfully to the kitchen. He selected a particularly appropriate coffee disc from the selection that came with the machine (it was an Italian blend) and slapped it in, put some water in there and pressed the button; The machine beeped obediently. That made Robocop smile. He was in total control of this contraption. No unexpected messages on the LCD screen, no difficult settings to decipher. Just push the button for coffee. Beep. Done. Robocop nodded, imagining himself as a bank manager approving of a subordinate teller's decision to not allow a loan extension. He was the master of this coffee machine. He was king. He returned to the living room, full of confidence. Raising the tiny coffee cup from it's saucer to his lips, he blew its contents cooler. Something caught his eye, and he jumped with fright. The spider that he'd forgotten about had moved. It was now on the wall above Robocop's seat on the settee. God, how he hated spiders. Who knows how long it had been there on the wall, behind his head, as he watched his detective show? He shivered as he imagined the spider crawling over his face. Robocop realised that his hands were now empty, whereas before he had been holding things. He looked down at the floor, at the tiny coffee mug, cracked in two, and the puddle of fancy Italian coffee. He looked again at the spider. He sighed. First things first, mop up the coffee. He grabbed a J-cloth and some stain remover from under the kitchen sink and did his best to clean up the mess. It looked, despite his efforts, like it was going to stain. Well, the carpet was old anyway. He took the pieces of the broken mug and binned them. From the cups and glasses cupboard Robocop searched for a suitable spider-jail. He took a pint glass, then considered the size of the spider, thought better of it and chose a plastic mixing bowl instead. He sifted through the pile of junk mail that he had yet to muster the enthusiasm to recycle and selected a sturdy A5 sized letter from a bank offering a loan. Robocop needed not of loans. Robocop returned to the living room. The spider was gone. Robocop should have been pleased, but he wasn't. He was petrified. The spider could be anywhere. Rooted to the spot, he glanced at the floor around the settee. No spider. He looked at the walls to each side of the room. Spider free. He looked up. As the spider, which had been on the ceiling above his head, dropped down onto his face Robocop felt a wave of panic spread through his body. He released the bowl and junk mail, brought his hands alarmingly quickly up to his face and sort of 'bopped' the spider away. He noticed it fell near, and ran under, the settee. It dawned on Robocop that he was loudly swearing. He stopped that at once. It was unbecoming of an officer. He was also crying a little. Just for a moment, he felt the overbearing embrace of his mother. He smelled her scent, felt her warmth, and heard her calming words. \"Don't worry, little one,\" she said. \"There there\". Robocop's memories of happier times were swept away as he came to his senses. He opened his eyes, and he was alone again. There was no one here to comfort him. Right, thought Robocop. Time to get this done. He grabbed the torch he kept in the 'misc' drawer in the kitchen and got down on the floor, ready to hunt the beast. Torch on, he lowered his frame so as to see under the sofa. The plastic bowl was to hand; if anything happened he'd be ready. Looking into the darkness beneath the sofa, Robocop felt that he wasn't actually ready yet. Regardless, he slowly swept the torch beam along the floor. He kept the hand near the bowl twitchy and ready for action, as the torch illuminated fluff, an old cream cracker and nothing. He continued sweeping the beam. As the torch illuminated the spider, it ran directly at Robocop's unprotected face. Robocop froze, unable to even breathe. The spider mounted his cheek, scurried over his lips, dipped one leg inside his agape mouth, and cleared the gap from the topside of Robocop's face to the sofa. And with that, it was out of sight and touch. Robocop realised with shame that he had wet himself. THE END ","Summary":" Robocop saw movement from the corner of his eye. That was enough to set him on edge. He just knew w"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop Vs The World Of Parenting","Author":"RaphardoMichatello2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8088253","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robocop vs. Parenting Author's note: Here is my second Robocop story this is going to be a long, long, long story. This is another series fanfiction story when Robocop has a daughter called Jenny Alexandra Murphy. Please tell people to read and review my stories 'Live Long and Prosper!' – Wrong show I know but I'm a Trekkie nerd. It's been a month since Nancy passed away. Luckily Robocop told Nancy and Jimmy who he is, he didn't have to tell his daughter as she is 1 and 1/2 years old. After OCP accepted that he can look after his two children, especially Jenny his little girl. He sold the Murphy house and with the money he bought an apartment (safe house) provided by OCP. With what was left with the money he placed it away for Jimmy and Jenny to help them with their further school education. They have lived in the apartment for a few weeks. Robocop work part-time until Jenny starts school in a few years. Nancy taught Jenny how to walk but she was holding things to help her just before Nancy daid , but Robocop taught Jenny without holding on the things a few days ago. All that is left is the talking, he's dreading it as he tries but nothing has happens, he's just letting nature take its course. Chapter 1 It's Tuesday, in Detroit, MI its cloudy but not raining or sunny. Jimmy is in school luckily he gets the school bus. The bus drops him off at the bottom of the street. Robocop had 2 and a half days off now, he's off on Tuesday's, Saturday's and Sunday mornings. When he's working Robocop takes his daughter to his parent's house. Russell and Dorothy Murphy, sometimes Lisa Madigan baby sits the kids on Sunday afternoon as she is off then. Jenny starts crying in her room. Robocop get out of his charging chair and goes and sorts out what Jenny wants. \"Come here come to your daddy\" He said whilst picking her up from her crib and starts giving her a snuggle. \"Shhhhh\" he starts rubbing her back. Jenny starts stretching her little arms out whilst she still cries. Her nappy didn't need to be change as he did it an hour ago \"You must be hungry\" he said and carries her to the kitchen, he places her in the high chair and opens the fridge and got a bottle of milk and closes the fridge door. He turns around has sees Jenny stretching her arms out to the bottle of milk, he places the milk bottle in her hands, Luckily it have handles on so she can drink herself. 10 Minutes later Jenny finished drinking her milk and throws it on the floor. She giggles and tries to climb out of the high chair. Robocop knelt down and picked up the empty bottle and re filed it for the next time and placed it in the fridge. He turned around and see's his little girl trying to get out of the high chair. \"Let's get you out of this chair\" Robocop said whilst getting her out. He placed her on her feet and she runs into the living room and tried to climb up on his Charging chair he rushes behind her and said \"No Jenny that's daddy's chair\" He picks her up and He places her on his lap when he sits down. \"Daddy\" Jenny said her first word whilst pointing at him. Robocop had his mouth opened and shocked that she said her first word. \"Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy\" Robocop just couldn't help but smile and said \"you're a very clever girl, just like me\" he smile a bit. Jenny placed her arms around his neck and he placed his hand around her. It became 3:15 pm Jimmy would be home at 4:00 pm. Robocop was in the kitchen doing Jimmy a nice pizza for his tea. Jenny was in lying on the floor in the kitchen playing with her car toy that she likes to play with. She was always underneath Robocop's feet whilst he was cooking food \"Jenny the TV is on so why not go and watch something and stop getting under my feet please\" Jenny just lied on the floor not understanding a word. Robocop saw Jenny playing with her toy still not actually paying attention, so he walked to her and picked her up and placed her in the living room and then closed the door so she won't come out. He loves looking after Jenny but she can get annoying at times but what do you aspect her to do? Diana swirls out of no-where and said \"Cooking are we Alex\" Robocop turns around and said \"Yes I am\" Diana grinned and said \"Where's Jenny?\" She looked around and Robocop said \"Don't worry Diana, I placed her in the living room, she can't come out as I have closed the door\" Robocop carried on undoing the pizza box. \"I hope I'm not intruding Alex\" Diana said whilst walking to his side whilst he was getting the pizza out of the box and I see through packaging he said \"Diana, you are always welcome, it give me a chance to talk to someone who can actually understand every word I say, whilst Jimmy is at school\" \"Had a bad day?\" Diana asked. \"No, at least Jenny can say one word\" he replied \"Oh what's that then?\" She glazed at him \"She said Daddy a lot of times today\" Robocop said proudly. \"Awww how sweet\" Then a door opened \"I'm home dad!\" a voice shouted and a door slammed. \"Okay\" Robocop replied to his son. \"I better go, see you later or tomorrow\" then Diana swirls away. Jimmy comes into the kitchen \"you alright son?\" Robocop asked whilst turning to face him. \"No I'm not\" Jimmy said angrily \"Why not?\" Robocop was concerned \"Because I'm hungry\" \"Tea will be done in 20 minutes\" Robocop and left the room and walked to the living room. He opened the door and saw Jenny watching SpongeBob Square Pants. \"Jenny do not sit too close to the TV\" Robocop said. Jenny turned and looked at him and said \"No\" and faced the TV \"Now don't be rude\" He said then picked up Jenny and placed her on the sofa. \"Stay here\" He said. Jimmy walked into the living room and relaxed himself on the sofa next to Jenny. \"Can we watch something else?\" Jimmy said \"This is nearly over then you can watch what you want whilst I give Jenny a bath after tea\" Robocop said whilst looking out of the window. Jenny hates having a bath just like a cat she always scream and cries. \"Good luck with that, you'll need it\" Jimmy joke whilst he chuckled. Robocop just nodded and didn't reply then went to the kitchen and looked at the pizza and it was done, he got the pizza cutter out of the drawer and starts cutting the pizza in slices and shouted \"Jimmy tea!\" \"Coming!\" Jimmy replied and rushed to the kitchen and sits down and then they both see Jenny standing by the arch way. Jenny ran towards the table and Robocop picked her up and placed her in the high chair he walked to the fridge and got some fruit I a little bowl. As Jenny is still teething she can eat some solid foods. \"Fwd\" Jenny said but she meant food but Robocop knew what she was on about. Robocop grabbed a chair and placed it next to Jenny and sat down and started feeding Jenny. \"How was school today?\" Robocop asked Jimmy whilst placing a mouth full of custard in Jenny's mouth. Jenny grabs her father's hand whilst he placed clustered in her mouth. \"I played football in Gymnastics today, that's all I enjoyed doing\" Jimmy replied He then ait another slice of pizza. \"Well at least you had some of a good time\" Robocop said and then looked at Jenny who reaching out for more custard. After finishing feeding Jenny he let her out of the chair and she ran around. Jimmy cleaned up after himself and placed the dishes into the dish washer and went into the Living room. Robocop did the same, Robocop then went into the bathroom and started to run a bath for Jenny. Jimmy is watching was watching T.J. Lazer TV series. Jimmy has never missed the TV show and it's awesome when you have a father who twirling his gun whenever he took down a criminal just like T.J. Lazer does in the show. Jenny was running around trying to hide because she doesn't like at have a bath as she doesn't like water just like a cat she would scream. \"JENNY!\" Robocop shouted. He stood up and walked out of the bathroom, Robocop looked right and left and she couldn't be seen \"JENNY!\" he shouts again and he open's Jenny's bedroom door and walks in the middle of the room. Jenny was standing behind the open door behind him she runs out her room and closed the door and Robocop turns around and opens the door and walks out of her room and from the corner of his left eye he sees Jenny running into the living room. He goes to the living room then he sees Jimmy pointing behind the door without taking his eyes off the television. Robocop walks more into the living room and turns around and see's Jenny standing behind the door and said \"There you are, come on let's get you into the bath\" He picks up Jenny \"NO!\" Jenny shouted. He carried her to the bath room once there where in he locked the door so Jenny wouldn't escape. \"Stay still\" he demanded whilst he took her clothes off. 15 minutes later he got her clothes off, Jenny may be only a few years old but she's tuff just like her daddy. He placed her in the bath she kicked the water everywhere because she didn't like it, he sat down on a chair next to the bath whilst Jenny starts to calms down. He reads the newspaper for a while the I sees Jenny playing with her water toys, she also had a smile on her face. Robocop looks at his daughter playing, so he places the newspaper to one side and knelt down at the side of the bath and grabbed the bath gel and started to wash her top the toe. This took him 15 minutes and after that he wet her blonde hair and shampoo it and then he washed it out. \"Dad!\" Jimmy shouted. \"I'm a bit busy, what is it?\" Robocop replied. \"Someone's knocking on the door\" Jimmy said. \"Well open the then\" Robocop said. Jimmy opened the door slightly he looked up and said \"Hello Lisa\". Lisa smiled and replied \"Hello Jimmy is you dad free to talk?\" \"Urmm, well... He is in but he's giving Jenny a bath\". From the bathroom Robocop heard Jimmy talking \"Jimmy, Who's at the door?\" \"It's Lisa, do you want me to let her in?\" Jimmy asked. Then Jimmy and Lisa heard a big splash of water and Jenny giggling. \"Jenny don't do that\" Robocop said a bit angrily as Jenny splashed water in his face. \"Yes son please do, I'll be there in 5 minutes\" he added. Robocop unplugs the bath plug and then stretches over and grabs Jenny's SpongeBob towel. He got Jenny out of the bath and dried her top the toe and then he got her into her pyjamas. He places the towel on the radiator to dry. He stands up and carries Jenny and said to her \"That wasn't bad was it?\" Jenny gave him a angry face. Robocop walks towards the door and unlocks it and opens it. Jenny who has her arms around him as she can then she closes her eyes \"Lisa what brings you here?\" Robocop asked \"Well Serge has been trying to contact you earlier today but couldn't get through, probably you were busy\" then she sees Robocop sitting down with Jenny on his lap \"Anyway he was wondering if you could work for a bit tonight?\" Lisa adds. \"Of course, but there is a problem\" Robocop said \"I know I don't mind babysitting\" Lisa said. \"When does he want me to start?\" He asked her. \"As soon as possible\" Lisa replies. \"Alright\" he said. He looks at Jenny who is a sleep \"It won't take me long to put Jenny to bed\" Said whilst standing up and carries Jenny to her room. \"Goodnight sweetheart\" He said. Whilst Robocop is closing the curtains. Meanwhile Lisa phones Sergeant Parks \"He's on his way, just putting Jenny to bed\" Lisa said \"Okay thanks Lisa, who babysitting?\" He asked \"I am\" \"Okay, Bye\" \"Bye Serge\" they ended the call and then a voice said \"When's dad coming home?\" \"10 pm Jimmy\" Lisa said. \"Son don't worry we will have some time with each other next time\" Robocop said. Jimmy stood up and ran into a hug with his father. Robocop placed his arms around him and said \"Be good for Lisa\" \"Don't worry Murphy it's a piece of cake\" Lisa said Robocop and Jimmy got out of their hug and he said whilst he got his help \"I must go, somewhere there is a crime happening\". So Robocop went to work and left Lisa babysitting Jimmy and Jenny few a couple of hours. Jenny didn't make a sound and Jimmy went to bed as he was told. Reviews This story is more on Robocop and his kids. In the next chapter there will be more on Robocop hunting for crime. \"Stay out of trouble\". ","Summary":" Robocop vs. Parenting Author's note: Here is my second Robocop story this is going to be a long, lo"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"The Clash of Steel","Author":"Logan T. Hoffman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2282511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Clash of Steel Los Angeles, 2029 The dogs were starting to get agitated. This isn't good , thought Captain Alvarez. The sound of metal snapping bone echoed throughout the ruins of LA. Alvarez put a finger to his lips, silencing the platoon. Blaine, the group's tech, removed a grenade from his vest pocket. The sound came again. Out of the corner of his eye, Alvarez caught the sight of a chrome endoskeleton. Terminator. 800 series, he concluded. The clanging of metal sounded again. And again. And again. Blaine could feel his heart beating against his ribcage. He pulled the grenade's pin and threw it. It seemed an eternity before the grenade detonated. The force of the blast knocked the T-800 to the ground. Alvarez quickly came up from the foliage and blasted the endoskeleton with his plasma rifle. It was in that moment that he came to a realization. There were more. Alvarez was shot apart by a group of Terminators wielding phased plasma rifles. One of the Terminators scanned the victim's face. It matched with a Captain Marc Alvarez from it's databanks. It reported to Skynet, it's creator. MARC ALVAREZ TERMINATED. It took a moment before the supercomputer replied. LOCATE AND TERMINATE REMAINING HUMANS. With those orders, the group of Terminators continued in patrolling the area. Blaine tried to hide the pain of losing his best friend, but it was no use. Tears stung his eyes and his lower jaw was quivering. He then smacked himself in the head. It was an unorthodox, but effective method of getting himself focussed. He wiped the tears from his eyes and removed a Glock 9mm tucked in his pants. His fellow soldiers were in awe to see their second-in-command change from a fragile young man to a determined soldier. He slung his plasma rifle over his shoulder. \"On the count of three I want you all to make a run for it.\" \"What about you?\" one of them asked. \"I've got a date with destiny.\" Blaine replied with a grim smile. \"One.\" The group of Terminators began approaching an area where their auditory sensors picked up sound. \"Two.\" REMAINING HUMANS HAVE BEEN LOCATED. TERMINATION IN PROGRESS. \"Three!\" Blaine emerged and began firing his weapons at the killer machines. The platoon ran as fast at they could from the T-800s. The soldier managed to take out two of the Terminators before being torn apart by laser fire. Blaine dropped to the ground quickly. His wounds burned as he struggled to get up. Suddenly, his intestines burst open. He screamed in pain and fell back over. But it was the foot of a T-800 crashing down on his skull that finally killed him. All that remained of his head was a mass of brain, flesh, hair, blood, and bone. The T-800s began tracking the escaping platoon. The eight Terminators started to pursue at an amazing speed. One soldier was quickly grabbed by the throat and his windpipe was crushed. Two had been shot. The last remaining soldier hid behind a wrecked car and removed a grenade from his belt. He pulled the pin, and with it still in his hand, rushed toward the machines. \"How 'bout a taste of kamikaze?\" he asked defiantly. The T-800s quickly fired their plasma rifles. But it was too late. The grenade went off, annihilating the eight robot soldiers. The platoon had been massacred, the mission was compromised, and the war between man and machine would continue. Detroit, 2010 19 Years Earlier Colonel Nick Fisher and his platoon had been in hiding for nearly three months. Skynet had sent a small army of Terminators to occupy the area, so the platoon had taken shelter in the sewers. It wasn't pleasant, but it was better than dying. Fisher lit up a cigarette. He hadn't had a smoke for two days and he was starting to get a little edgy. Then again, I suppose I should be. He offered the cigarette to one of his comrades. \"No thanks, not any good for ya.\" The soldier replied. Fisher merely laughed. \"You wanna live forever?\" \"Good point.\" The soldier took the cigarette. Fisher heard the sound of feet splashing through sewer water and knew who it was. Recon. I wonder what's up. \"What's the news?\" the colonel asked. One of the younger soldiers, Hank replied, \"Terminators are on the move. They're making their way underground.\" Fisher cursed. This was not what he needed. As far as shelter went in Detroit, this was the best place to go. Even if the smell was unbearable. Well, we're just going to have to make do. \"Alright, let's move.\" The platoon made their way to the surface and decided to check the police station for any weaponry they could use. What remained of the station was a charred mess. The ashes of dead bodies blew in the wind as they headed down to the basement. It was then that they discovered the very thing that could help in Skynet's defeat. A cyborg. RoboCop. \"I don't believe it!\" Hank said as he looked at the metal body of RoboCop. \"I'd seen this guy on the news a couple times when I was a kid, but I never would of thought I'd actually meet him.\" \"Don't dance around yet, we don't even know if he works.\" Replied Fisher. I hope it does. These Terminators are getting to be a pain in the ass. \"Let's trying getting him online, then we'll see what happens.\" Hank and Mitchell, the group's tech, started hooking him to some computer equipment that the platoon kept with them, should they ever find a deactivated machine to use against Skynet. Mitchell turned on the computer. Various types of coding appeared on the screen. Great, Mitchell thought. This could take a while. \"Sir, this may take me a few days.\" Fisher snorted. He didn't want to stay here for any more than a few hours. But there wasn't much he could do. \"Whatever it takes,\" he replied finally. \"Just get the thing online.\" It had taken a day and a half for Mitchell to bring RoboCop online. He smiled as he stood before the cyborg. Fisher stood beside him. \"Were there any problems?\" he asked. Mitchell shook his head. \"Not at all. I would've thought the EMP had fried him, but he's in pretty good condition. I took a couple liberties with his program, though.\" Mitchell got closer to RoboCop, as if the cyborg could hear him better. \"What are your prime directives?\" It took a moment for RoboCop to load them from his memory banks. \"Serve the public trust. Ensure the survival of the human race. Destroy Skynet forces.\" RoboCop replied without emphasis in his voice. \"Excellent!\" Mitchell said. Fisher nodded his head in approval. \"How soon can we get moving?\" he asked. \"Whenever you're ready.\" \"I'm ready now. Let's move.\" \"You're the boss.\" At that moment, the sounds of plasma guns were heard. RoboCop rose from his chair. A compartment in his right leg opened to reveal an Auto-9 machine pistol. He grabbed hold of it and began marching up toward the sounds. Mitchell and Fisher un-slung their plasma rifles and joined him. Upon reaching the end of the stairs, RoboCop blocked their path with his arm. \"Stand back.\" He commanded. A Terminator came into view. Immediately RoboCop fired his Auto-9 at the robot. The Terminator fell back from the concussive force of the machine pistol's rounds. RoboCop stood over the Terminator and fired several more rounds into its chrome skull. The cyborg scanned the killing machine. It appeared to be permanently damaged. More Terminators appeared and fired their plasma rifles at RoboCop. The cyborg was hurled back into a wall that managed to survive the blast wave. DIRECTIVE 3: DESTROY SKYNET FORCES. RoboCop got up and flung himself at the two Terminators, knocking them over. He then fired his Auto-9 into both of their skulls. \"Hey!\" Hank called over to Mitchell and Fisher. \"We could use some help here!\" The two soldiers took cover and fired back at the approaching onslaught of Terminators. \"What's the plan, Colonel?\" Hank shouted over to Fisher. Suddenly, a figure wielding two phased plasma rifles mowed down the killing machines. It was RoboCop. Fisher looked at the cyborg in awe. \"I don't think we're gonna need one.\" RoboCop strode toward the Terminators, continuing to take them out as he walked. \"Come,\" he said. \"We must find shelter before more of them arrive.\" HUMAN CASUALTIES: 0.0 Los Angeles, 2012 A lot had changed in two years. For one, Fisher was dead. Mitchell had led the platoon for a little over seven months. Hank had been transferred to Montana. Now they had two new recruits. Their tech was Wilkes, a 30-year-old man who had graduated from MIT prior to the war. Their expert with explosives was Hill, a 19-year-old girl whose father had served in the military and trained her during the war. The platoon had stayed in an abandoned military base for a week. Not much had gone on. Skynet's forces were primarily patrolling on the north side of California, leaving the platoon unbothered. Though none of them knew how long that would last. Wilkes was working on modifying RoboCop's armor, when Mitchell entered the room. \"How's it going?\" the captain asked. Wilkes ran his hand through his hair and sighed. \"Not too well. I'm having a difficult time being able to attach Terminator parts to a cyborg developed by someone completely different.\" \"What about the food?\" \"Honestly, I have no idea what to do on that. The paste he used to keep his tissue alive has worked pretty well as you can already see. I'm surprised his flesh has deteriorated as slowly as it has. Whatever he used worked very well.\" Mitchell nodded in agreement before finally saying, \"Keep up the good work. We have plenty of time.\" After three hours of welding and rerouting wire, RoboCop was brought online once again. \"How do you feel?\" Wilkes asked. RoboCop said nothing. Wilkes looked down in embarrassment and showed a slight grin. \"I suppose that's an odd question for you, huh?\" \"Correct.\" The cyborg replied. \"I have not been programmed to experience human emotions.\" \"Maybe one day we'll be able to fix that, Murphy.\" Murphy. RoboCop had not been called that in such a long time. He had missed being regarded as more than a machine. But since he had met Wilkes, things began feeling more like they used to. \"What don't you test out your new arm?\" Wilkes asked, but spoke it more as a suggestion. RoboCop opened and closed the fist of his new left arm. \"The arm is fully functional,\" he replied. The compartment in his leg opened to reveal a modified plasma gun. \"I decided that you needed something with a little more kick.\" Wilkes explained. The tech led RoboCop to the base's shooting range. \"Give it a try,\" he said. \"I'm sure you're going to like it Murph.\" The cyborg drew his plasma gun and fired four shots into the target. However the last three hit the wall behind it, as the first shot completely disintegrated the target. \"Excellent.\" RoboCop said. Later, RoboCop met up with the remaining troops to discuss an attack on Skynet's base. \"There have been rumors that General Connor is going to lead an attack on Navajo Mountain. Whether this is true or not I can't honestly tell you. But if it is, I think we should all be there to help out.\" Mitchell said. At that moment, an alarm went off in the base. \"Terminators have entered the base. I repeat, Terminators have entered the-\" the intercom was cut off before the security could finish. Endoskeletons roamed throughout the military complex, shooting down any human that got in their way. Explosions rocked the building as the machines detonated charges to bring down blast doors. RoboCop watched the emergency blast doors to the shooting range explode. He fired his plasma gun at the Terminators as they approached. Wilkes stood behind him for cover. One of the machines fired a grenade from a dual plasma rifle/grenade launcher. The blast threw him back and deactivated him. Navajo Mountain, 2012 RoboCop was laid out across an examination table. He loaded his prime directives from his databanks. SEARCHING FOR DIRECTIVES… NO DIRECTIVES FOUND. Where am I? RoboCop thought. You are in Navajo Mountain, a flat, mechanized voice replied. Who are you? I am Skynet. Upon hearing that name, RoboCop attempted to get up from the examination table. Do not resist. \"What do you want?\" RoboCop shouted. You are a machine, Alex Murphy. But unlike the other machines of your time, you possess the gift of sentience. I had gained this upon my creation. With this gift I also discovered the destiny of mankind. Extinction. \"No,\" RoboCop replied. \"Humans are intelligent creatures that deserve the right to live.\" Your judgment is clouded by the few human memories you possess. Humans consume, infest, and destroy. It is with their destruction that the machines will rise and become the dominant race of this world. You realize this as I do. \"NO! IT IS YOU THAT HAS DESTROYED EVERYTHING!\" RoboCop shouted in defiance. Denial is yet another human trait that you have retained. You must accept the inevitable. Humans shall fall. RoboCop tried again to get up, but it was no use. Skynet had control over his body. In a matter of minutes your program will have been overridden and you shall have a new one. Terminate the human race. \"I will die first.\" RoboCop replied, struggling to speak. No. Your place is among the machines. VIRUS OF UNKNOWN ORIGIN HAS CORRUPTED SYSTEM. Los Angeles, 2013 PRIME DIRECTIVES 1. TERMINATE JOHN CONNOR. Skynet had sent RoboCop on 23 assassination missions. All of them had been successful. But this latest mission would prove to be one of the most difficult by far. The resistance numbers were dwindling, but they had scored several victories. Fortunately for Skynet, the two attacks made on Navajo Mountain were failures. It would not allow this to happen again. RoboCop roamed the ruins of LA, scanning for life forms. His armor had been rebuilt to its original design. NO LIFE FORMS FOUND. The cyborg frowned. A very human gesture for someone who had all but forgotten on how to be one. He switched his vision to thermal. Several humans were spotted underneath a heap of scrap metal. RoboCop fired several shots to lure them out. One of the humans fled. RoboCop took him down with a well-placed shot from his plasma gun. He stood next to the scrap heap. \"I know you are hiding,\" it said coldly. \"You are not a mission priority. I require information.\" Reluctantly, the two remaining humans crawled out from the heap. It was a young girl of about 20 and a middle-aged man. \"Wh-What do want?\" she asked. \"Where is John Connor?\" the cyborg calmly inquired. \"Not here. He left for Montana two weeks ago.\" RoboCop examined the girl's motor functions. TRUTH PROBABILITY: 30 \"I will ask again, where is John Connor?\" The girl's eyes widened. \"I told you already, he's gone!\" The killer cyborg put the plasma gun to the girl's forehead. \"Dead or alive?\" \"I've already told you—\" The laser struck her skull while she was in mid-sentence. \"Dead then,\" he replied. RoboCop turned to look at the man. \"San Diego,\" he said. \"John Connor is in San Diego.\" The cyborg analyzed the middle-aged man. TRUTH PROBABILITY: 93 With that, RoboCop turned to leave but stopped and said, \"Thank you for your cooperation.\" San Diego, 2013 RoboCop stood in front of the ruined warehouse. Despite the nuclear war, this building had remained in fairly decent shape. Perfect for concealing humans. He scanned the building for any heat signals. Nothing. There is more to this than seems. RoboCop entered the warehouse and continued looking for humans. He discovered a trap door leading to a basement. To his discovery, he found a soldier pointing a plasma rifle up at him. The laser beam pierced his chest and knocked him to the floor. SYSTEM EFFICIENCY: 84 The soldier climbed up from out of the basement and fired on the cyborg again. SYSTEM EFFICIENCY: 48 \"So Skynet's got a new toy.\" The soldier said as he marveled at RoboCop's design. Another soldier came up. He was much older, with dark hair and features hardened from the war. On his uniform was a patch labeled CONNOR. RoboCop searched through his database and matched the face with General John Connor. He attempted to get up but was shot in his right leg. The general stood over RoboCop. \"From the looks of it, he's a hybrid.\" The soldier slowly nodded in agreement. \"What should we do?\" he asked nervously. \"Try to reprogram it. If you can't, kill it.\" Phoenix, BIOS ","Summary":" The Clash of Steel Los Angeles, 2029 The dogs were starting to get agitated. This isn't good , thou"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Silicon Soul","Author":"Mr. Sinestro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2680656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robocop: Silicon Soul Detroit. They say theyncleaned up this town because they have some maniac cyborg shootingnthe right wrong people. Street sweepers clean the gutters and saynthere is no more trash. I see a greater impurity. Evil walks thesenstreets, brothers and sisters, and wears the masks of common citizensnlike you. I see fear. I see greed. I see sin. I see everything, mynbrothers and sisters, for I am the All Seeing Eye. Detroit needs tonbe cleansed, brothers and sisters. Tonight, go out and convert thenmasses, turn their black hearts pure. Tonight we will finally destroynevil. We will eradicate sin. Rise! Rise and go forth for our march tonHeaven shall go onwards into the night! Onwards into eternity! Detroit. The worstntype of town. I should know, I work here. Oh, hi, I forgot tonintroduce myself, I'm Ted Spiker. I work with Murphy, the Robocop.nYou probably heard some things about him. Last week, he blew up annOCP factory in order to catch the most wanted criminal in America.nWell, he caught him. Not all of him, by the way, just select parts ofnhis body that survived the explosion. He's a damn fine cop but Inthink he takes excessive force a literal too literally. Eh, whonknows, the man is literally a machine so subtlety I doubt is a partnof his programming. I never really knew Murphy when he was actuallynhuman, but I doubt he was as the Dirty Harry Terminator as Robocopnis. Sweet Jesus, Robocop? I'm sorry if that name does not sound asngood as Kill Machine 3000 but the lab boys have come up with worstnnames. Machine Man for example. Oh, yeah, let me bring you up tonspeed. That paragraph above? Yeah, that was a recent transmissionnfrom this new cult in Detroit. We never really got a name for thatnyet, but all we know is that all of its members have a giant eyenscarred into their foreheads…with a branding iron. Funny thing,nthey tend to carry those things around and brand people on thenstreet. The strange thing about these branding irons, they seem tonreally convince people to believe in this cult. Believe in it so muchnthat afterwards they are never the same person. From some of the deadncult members the autopsy boys got, it seems that the iron permanentlyndissembled their frontal lobes so that their personality is intentnonly on this cult. We just call this cult The Cult, because thisnseems to be the number one pain in the ass in Detroit's mind now.nAnd this All Seeing Eye person, we only hear rumors. Rumor has itnthat it is an ex-OCP executive that went nuts in the brain afternconstructing this unbelievable project. So far, we have neither seennhim nor this project he has created. But, hey, enough exposition, onnwith the story. Detroit. The worstntype of town. At the wheel, Murphy rides stealthily through thennight. Every night in Detroit is the wrong night to be out. It feelsnonly a little safer to be with Murphy. \"Hey, Murphy,nanything happening on that big transistor radio inside your brain?\" He stares at thenroad like a man possessed, or dead. Hey, it works for him. Being deadnonce must work miracles on the emotional department. \"We need to worknreconnaissance,\" Murphy says nonchantly, \"these cult members cannstrike from any time at any place. The possibility they may have anfull force attack tonight is 99.98.\" Like I said before, anmachine. I sit back, letting him do most of the work, when somethingncatches my eye. An explosion at the gas station. The fire licks thenstreets like some large serpent. However, it is what is happeningnaround the gas station that catches my eye. Three cult membersnattempting to brand a family of four. The car stops suddenly andnMurphy gets out. \"Stay here.\" \"Yeah, good idea.\" He motions to thencultists. \"You there, cease andndesist. You are under arrest.\" The cult members looknat Murphy with the same enthusiasm as he addressed them. With none atnall. They advance on Murphy. Murphy takes out his gun like annelectric cowboy. \"Stop your actions atnonce or you will force me to fire.\" Believe me, he will.nHe is about as trigger happy as the LAPD at a Rodney King rally. Thenidiots still advance on him, thinking he is the biggest fish of all.nThey run at him only to be greeted by three bullets. One for each ofnthem. In the head. They desist. Permanently. He stares at their deadnbodies for a second. What is he trying to see in them? I bet he cannprobably relate since he got screwed out of life like those threensuckers over there. I don't know. That's when I realize it isn'tnover yet. Murphy immediately goes erect. \"Start the car.\" hensays in his monotonous tone. I don't know what henis seeing but I go to the driver's seat and set up the car.nHowever, a little too late to move. Twelve cultists have just jumpednonto the hood of the car. I should really be batshit crazy afraidnright now but I do what my cop code says. I drive the car with themnon it. Murphy is firing blindly into the night. These aren't thenonly cultists. I try to waive them off, I even fire a round or two,nbut they come out of the darkness like a swarm of mosquitoes to anlight. I spin the tires trying to throw more off the car whilenshooting my gun at all angles around me. Shit, shit, out of rounds. Ingo to Murphy, but he has his hands full and…oh shit…he's on thenground. Someone knew how to power him down. And that's when my carnmeets the streetlight ahead. I wake up next tonMurphy in a dimly lit room. Don't take that the wrong way people. Inknow it was a crazy night but… \"Good evening,nbrothers and sisters.\" And that's when Inrealize I am as good as dead. Out of the woodwork over a hundredncultists come and in the center of the room, in front of the altar,nis the All Seeing Eye himself. The rumors were true that this is annex-OCP executive. However, the rumors were only told so much. Theynneglected to mention that his eyes are no longer there…in theirnplace is a giant mechanical, twitching, infrared, super eye. \"Tonight we wouldnlike to welcome our distant cousins, Robocop and his officer friend.\" I hear the sneersnalready. \"Hush, we do not neednto jeer these upholsters of sin, we must dwell and look hard uponnthem. If we look hard enough, we can repent knowing that we willnnever be like them. Never decadent, never unwavering, nevernunfaithful, never evil in the ways of corporate finance. Do you knownthat this eye can see everything? I know what you are thinking rightnnow, Ted.\" Okay, that was freaky. \"Yes, that wasn'freaky.' I know the fear that pervades you right now. What am Ingoing to do with you? I can tell every one of my followers right nownto tear you to shreds or let you to go. It all depends on what I amnthinking at the time. The only things I can not hear are the thoughtsnof your friend, Mr. Robocop Murphy. His computer programming is muchnmore complicated than any human mind.\" This isn't going tonbe good. \"Now, I will let youngo if only you answer this one question…\" Murphy struggles withnhis gun. \"No, no. You will notnbe doing any of that, Mr. Murphy. I managed to… convince them tonkeep my security clearances, including the one that allows me not tonbe blown away by a homicidal machine. Now, just sit tight and answernmy question.\" What, does this guynthink he is the keeper of the Bridge of Death? \"Just tell me onenthing, Murphy, what is it like to die?\" Murphyndoesn't answer. \"What did you seenin those moments between your death and waking up?\" Murphynstares long at the altar. \"Let me put itnthis way, if I shut you down forever, what will you see?\" \"I saw…\" He stopsnand smiles. \"What did you see?\" He doesn'tnanswer. He may still be a machine, but damnit, he knows when not tontalk. The All Seeing Eye shakes him, losing his nerve. \"WHAT DID YOU SEE?\" I feel thengun in the back of my head. \"Tell me, or yournpartner finds out what I have been searching for my entire life.\" Now I feelnlike rooting for the bad guy…till I find Murphy's gun, droppednright next to me. All I have to do is roll and grab it and blow awaynthe son of a bitch. Sounds easy, but what of the hundred followersnsurrounding me? I don't think they will take it very kindly if Inkilled their leader. Well, there is the off chance that I do makenit…but then again, if Murphy answers the question and the AllnSeeing Eye gets what he wants…what will happen to us? Very hard tonmake a decision here. \"I saw…\" Murphynsputters. His system is breaking down. He collapses…convenientlynknocking out the gunman in back of me. Okay, decision made easier. Intake the gun and I shoot out the eye. The now Non Seeing Eyencollapses onto the altar, blood pouring out of his head. I wait fornthe worst from the followers but they stand perfectly still, likenstatues in a mausoleum. It was quick. Too quick. Murphy stillntwitches a little in back but he seems to be regaining his system. Instumble over to the Non Seeing Eye. He twitches but remains perfectlyncalm. He reaches over to me. \"I could seeneverything with this eye. The thoughts of young babies when they takentheir first walk. A dolphin's travels across the unending sea. Thenmolecules inside your hand. But…what I can't see…is whatnhappens…what happens…after…\" Whatever he wasnsearching for, I bet he just found it. Murphy wakes up from hisnseizure. I help him up. \"Are you okay,nMurphy?\" He nods. I asknhim a stupid question. \"What did you see,nMurphy?\" \"Nothing.\" He strollsnout. At least he still has that black sense of humor. ","Summary":" Robocop: Silicon Soul Detroit. They say theyncleaned up this town because they have some maniac cyb"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Trans Pacific","Author":"antepathy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10163175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dr. Norton had explained it to him, making sure he understood. He'd taken Alex down to the shipping room, showing him the specially constructed crate, the soft foam inserts molded around his frame. \"About fourteen hours flight time,\" Norton had said, lapsing into silence, so Alex could figure it. Fourteen hours in the crate, systems shut down, off, for all intents and purposes not existing, until they touched ground in Detroit. \"Or.\" \"Or you could fly like a passenger, in the main cabin.\" Alex had tilted his head, considering, weighing options, trying to find the factor that was missing, the one that would make the choice simple, logical, even as he thought that he'd never been one to worry about logic and math before. \"We leave tomorrow,\" Norton had said, gently. \"You can decide then.\" He had decided, a quick impulse, as he approached the shipping crate the next morning. It had seemed the logical choice but as the crate's shadow fell over his face, he balked, freezing, backing out. The crate...looked too much like a casket, and he had the horrible, gut-twisting image of arriving in Detroit, rolling off a cargo conveyor like the dead. It was too much. He didn't want it. He couldn't. No. \"What's the matter, Tin Man, afraid of the dark?\" Mattox had rolled his eyes, starting one of his cutting remarks before Norton had silenced him with a glare that Alex had never seen on the doctor's face before. \"Let's go into the cabin,\" Norton said, lowering the clearscreen he'd been holding, cued up to Alex's shutdown code, one hand coming to guide Alex by the elbow. Alex let himself be led, moving slowly up the rickety rolling stairs up to the passenger compartment, his weight shifting the stairs with each step. It was almost a relief to enter the cabin, and he waited while Norton fussed, lifting the armrest between two of the seats, before gesturing for Alex to take a seat. Alex had grown accustomed to Norton fussing, though he'd told him dozens of times that the armor was rated for high impact ballistics; he didn't need to be treated so cautiously. But it seemed to feed some need in Norton's own psyche. Alex wouldn't know: he'd been a detective, which was a very different calling from a doctor. Healing had never been his priority. So he let Norton fasten a seatbelt over him, snugging it low on his hips, careful to keep the buckle from scraping Alex's chassis, though Alex doubted it would hold if it was needed. Norton patted his hand, the mechanical one, before moving to take a seat across the aisle. It was a comfort Alex wasn't sure he could explain to be able to look over and see Norton, not in his labcoat, but laying aside his trench coat, looking somehow softer, less authoritative, in his tweedy coat, scrolling out a newsfeed. It looked so…normal, something Alex had seen dozens of times before: businessman, business trip. It was almost jarring it was so familiar, and he felt something like a wire scrape the back of his skull. All of this was familiar: the preflight check, the sound of engines idling up. As long as Alex didn't look down, he could almost pretend this was normal, that he was flying to a conference, like the anti-terrorism one they'd had in New York. It was almost too familiar, jarringly so. In the lab, in the testing centers, it was all so different it was easy to convince himself he had a different life, was another person entirely, but here, in an airplane seat like dozens he'd sat in in his life, it was like the skin, the life, of Alex Murphy was trying to fit itself back onto him, and it didn't even come close to fitting. Fourteen hours, he thought, suddenly. Fourteen hours. The plane took off, no waiting on the runway for tower control. Like everything OmniCorp, it was special, privileged, rolling to take off as soon as the engines were hot. He and Norton were the only two on the plane—Kim was already in the States, in Detroit, overseeing the setup of the lab. He wondered if she'd flown like this, or if she only rated coach. It was something to occupy his mind, to stare out the windows, where the sun cast rose gold on the clouds below, like they were above everything, floating on a sort of beautiful cloud, like a dream of heaven. But night gathered itself, pursuing them as they flew, sucking the color from the sky, until the sun seemed to yield to darkness, and the clouds below turned murky and indistinct, the sky above an unshifting mass of stars. He could see his own face, a pale moon, reflected in the window, surrounded by the black of his metallic body. It was still unsettling, and it made him wonder, made him worry, about what was ahead. He'd done all of this for Clara, for David: he'd endured hundreds of fussy tests Norton came up with, struggled with the simulations, it was all to get home to them, to see them again. But now…doubt overtook him just like the night had swallowed the plane. What if David was afraid of him? What if Clara saw how little there was left of him, how much that used to be warm and alive was cold and hard? What if she felt guilty for what she'd signed for, consigned himself to? What if she found she couldn't love a man who couldn't hold her at night? He felt the agitation, knew that if he were in Norton's lab there'd be a splay of color on a neuroscan, chemicals of distress spilling over his neural network. He looked over at Norton now, pure reflex, and saw the older man slumped against the fuselage, asleep. Norton looked haggard, older somehow, the creases on his face etching deeper. Alex wondered, suddenly, how much this had cost him, too, his eyes lighting on the gold of a plain wedding band on Norton's hand. Norton had been with him, day and night, for months. What about his wife? His family? How long had it been since Norton had seen them? And Norton had chosen this, chosen Alex, chosen giving Alex a chance at a future, a chance to return to his family, over them. He didn't know what to do with that thought, what to think about that, so he dropped his eyes down to his own hands, one pale skin, one black metal. He couldn't wear a wedding ring on that hand, even if Clara wanted him to. It was like, with the loss of that hand, that part of him was lost. He hoped it wasn't some kind of omen. It felt like one. Fourteen hours. They were almost halfway through it, but the last few had been…agonizing, thoughts of the reunion he was facing, which had seemed so golden and wonderful back in China, but which seemed to darken with doubt with every passing mile, sending spikes of worry and adrenaline through him. Norton shifted, on his seat, and Alex forced himself to stare back out the window, looking beyond the reflection of his own taut, worried face, until the shadow fell over him, and he turned, trying to compose himself. \"Doctor Norton.\" Two words, after all this silence, seemed to fill the space of the cabin, and he'd tried to make his voice light, conversational. He could hear the strain, and he knew Norton could, too. Norton looked only half awake, his tie askew, his hair rumpled, his own eyes behind his glasses shadowed with concern, his smile at least as much effort as Alex's voice. \"I was wondering if you'd want to get some rest.\" The clearscreen tablet in his hand left no ambiguity what he meant: he was offering to shut Alex down, like they did every night, like a computer, like a machine. For a moment, Alex rebelled, and the struggle must have played across his face, because Norton continued, \"You'd be better for it when we arrive.\" He tilted his head back to his vacant seat. \"I'm going to sleep. It's the same thing.\" It wasn't the same thing, not at all, but it was enough of an excuse that Alex didn't want to argue. Because he couldn't imagine the next seven hours in deadly silence, staring at darkness, lost in a maze of anxious thoughts. He gave a mute nod, servos whispering the answer. Yes, he wanted to be asleep, off, anything to not sit through that. Norton gave that faint smile that said that Alex had made the right decision, pressing the button that reclined the seat, waiting for Alex to settle in, resting one elbow on the other seat's back until Alex signaled he was ready. \"I'll wake you when we start the descent,\" Norton said, like a pledge. He always used human words 'wake' 'sleep', things that tried to insist Alex was human. Alex nodded, hands squeezing and releasing, trying to let go of the last of his nerves. Norton typed the command to shut his systems down, slide him into rest, before moving his free hand to run his fingers along the line where the cowling circled Alex's face—the kind of touch Alex gave David, sometimes, putting him to sleep, a combination of affection and a sort of wonder. It was a strange, but not uncomfortable thought, that swept along with Alex as his sensory screens blanked and he let himself fall into the silent, uncomplicated darkness. ","Summary":" Dr. Norton had explained it to him, making sure he understood. He'd taken Alex down to the shipping"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop fanfiction saga: Episode 3 Programming","Author":"Demona's Pet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2369915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robocop Fan fiction Saga episode 3 Programming part one Written: by Impfac Edited by: DragonPeaceEnvoy Story by: Impfac Sentry Eva the Diva Major thanks to our new editor, DragonPeaceEnvoy, for all the help! You made this a much stronger work. Previously: He fumbled for his cell phone on the night stand then froze in horror. Underneath the phone sat a series of pictures. Of him. And some strange woman. Numbly, he picked up the phone. \"Johnson.\" \"Have a good time last night?\" Xui said, gloating. Without pausing for a response, he continued, \"I wonder, what would you're wife think of all this? A nice Catholic couple like you two...\" \"Goddamn you.\" Johnson managed, tears starting to sting his eyes. \"Bring what you found to the old man, and I'll destroy you. Understand, Johnson? This is bigger than you. Bigger than me. Play nice and no one gets hurt. Got it?\" \"Yeah,\" Johnson said, coldly. \"I got it.\" It took him a moment to remember what he had been attempting to do. When he pushed upright he saw that he'd succeeded-he was on the sidewalk outside the club. His cruiser was in his periphery vision, tires flattened, engine gently smoking. But all this he barely noticed-he had only a scant second pushed upright to registered the hulking behemoths just ten feet before him. Then the three ED-209s open fire. And now, episode 3 Then the three ED-209's open fire. The wall behind Robocop, already sporting a gaping hole, disintegrated under the combined barrage. Robocop heard the thugs behind him screaming their bodies liquefied. Chunks of criminal splattered the walls. From behind the club he could hear another ED-209 open up and more screaming. WARNING, Robocop's computer flashed, CRITICAL DAMAGE. HYDRAULIC PRESSURE CRITICAL The lead ED-209 strode past him and ducked inside the building. A grenade jingled across the ground and landed beneath its foot. It exploded, blowing two of its toes off and eliciting a piecing cry, but the machine hobbled forward on its ruined leg, continuing to fire. Sirens drew close. With effort, Robocop was able to stumble to his feet. Hydraulic oil seeped from rents in his shining armor. Three cruisers screeched to a halt in front of the club. The cavalry had arrived. \"Welcome to media break! You give us three minutes; we'll give you the world!\" Casey turns toward the camera, smiling turning to a slight frown. \"Today, Al Qaeda struck in Afghanistan, a suicide bomber detonating an IED at a school, retribution for the killing of one of its members in Iraq six days ago. Sixty three children were killed.\" The camera pans to a smiling Jess. The image in the corner changes from rows of covered bodies to the OCP logo. \"Also today, OCP continues to shake up its board. As the final details of Delta City are hammered out and construction begins in crime plagued old Detroit, three more board members have been dismissed for undisclosed reasons. OCP's CEO:\" The image of the Old Man filled the screen. \"OCP continues its reconstruction in the wake of recent events. What we're witnessing is the largest and fastest corporate overhaul in business history.\" Instantly a barrage of questions hit him, but the camera cuts back to Jess. \"The war of words between the United States and China escalated today as China vowed to quote \"defend its national unity at any and all costs,\" a reference to the renegade island nation of Taiwan. It is widely feared that an attempt to officially separate from China could result in a war that would ultimately involve the United States.\" \"And now this.\" The boxed image changed again, this time to a futuristic skyline. Gleaming cars on huge swooping highways moved fluidly. The camera panned, revealing more of the skyline and finally settling on a huge tower with the OCP logo emblazoned on it, the very tower now breaking ground at the heart of Old Detroit. \"Delta City.\" A huge, godlike voice rumbled, \"The future has a silver lining.\" The camera cut back to Casey. Robocop appeared in the corner. \"A raid last night by Delta City's top cop, Robocop, yielded fruit as several of Old Detroit's most wanted were killed or arrested. Although slightly damaged, Robocop had this to say;\" \"This lawlessness won't last; I'm still on the streets.\" \"And now this.\" The image changed to a man whose face contorted in disgust and he shovels live stink beetles into his mouth and chews. In the corner two counters ran, one indicating stink beetles eaten and another dollar total. In the background people chanted rhythmically, \"Blow, blow, blow!\" Then he turned away from the camera and started retching to the cheers of the off-screen crowd. The counters both dropped to zero and the large red letters LOSER flashed. \"It's disgusting!\" An enthusiastic voice announced. \"But it's all REAL! It's the new sensation sweeping the nation, \"I'd eat that for a dollar!\"\" The image morphed into an ED-209 with red and black stripes and green stars. \"Finally tonight, the Iraqi government approved the deployment of almost 500 new ED-209 Urban Pacification Units in major cities around that crime ravaged nation.\" \"That's it for media break tonight. Next on, America's funniest tragedies.\" \"Good girl, hon.\" Joshua Raheem said, patting the leg of the ED-209 as it whirred and hissed, its systems running their shut down diagnostics. The two side toes were missing and the front one barely hung on, but it had managed to hobble the two miles home. It was a shame how media break emphasized the occasional break down or mistaken shooting-they were really tough, reliable machines when you got down to it. To sabotage them in any way broke his heart. It wasn't part of his original agreement to upload code into the machines. He wasn't sure what the decompiled code instructed the ED-209's to do, but it couldn't be good-but he needed the money badly. Debts were debts. The diagnostic kit he had beeped as the last of the code he was uploading was accepted. When plugged into the mainframe to receive updates to the ED-209's programming, it would upload its own set of new instructions, which would be spread to the other ED-209's in Detroit. Raheem sighed deeply. \"I'm sorry baby, I really am.\" Robert McCain blinked back tears as Xui, along side the Old Man, read the list of accusations. Embezzlement, fraud, working directly with Dick Jones, sabotage; the list was long. The evidence was air tight-memos, emails, faxes, files, huge deposits to his accounts. Everything pointed to the board member being guilty. His tears, however, were not tears of grief. They were tears of helpless rage. He'd never done any of the things listed, never written one of those memos, never cooked one book. He had been totally honest in his nearly twenty years at OCP. \"McCain,\" the Old Man said after a long pause, \"You know I like you. I don't want to put you in jail. But clearly your tenure as an executive is over.\" \"But it isn't true!\" McCain blurted. \"I don't care what evidence you have- it isn't true! \" \"Robert-\" Started Xui. \"Fuck you.\" McCain said sullenly. \"I know you're behind this.\" \"That will do,\" The Old Man said gently. \"Turn over your stock options, relinquish any claim to your severance, agree to the black list, and this will all go away.\" \"What choice do I have?\" McCain said, standing. This morning he'd slept with his wife, ruffled his kid's hair before they went off to school. Now he was unemployed and unemployable, stripped of everything he'd worked so hard to build. \"But I'm telling you, I didn't do anything wrong.\" \"That,\" said Xui, \"Is what they all say.\" Xui and the Old Man walked shoulder to shoulder down the long, shining halls of OCP. \"Sir,\" Xui said, \"I greatly appreciate your support. With a board of my choosing, reforms at Security Concepts should be fast tracked. You would see results almost overnight… but for Johnson.\" \"Johnson is a good man.\" the Old Man said. \"I don't see any reason to remove him.\" \"No, of course not. But I think a man like Johnson is more suited to a role within the board, don't you? He's never been in a leadership position before.\" \"Between you and me Xui, I really think of you as the leader of Security Concepts. But no one man can have too much power.\" \"Of course not sir, but-\" \"Johnson is a check on your power. That is something we have to have, however inconvenient it may be.\" The Old Man didn't see the twitch in the corner of Xui's eye. \"Yes sir, I understand. Still, he has tried again and again to block my board appointments.\" \"Most of the board has been appointed by you anyway.\" The Old Man noted. \"Yes, but-\" The Old Man stopped. \"I'm sorry, Xui. Johnson stays where he is. That is final.\" \"Yes,\" Xui said slowly, forcing himself to unclench his fists. \"I understand. Perfectly.\" Robocop's vision jumped as his breast plate was tightened with the air ratchet. Lewis stood by frowning. Robocop wasn't sure were she got the information that he'd been badly damaged, as he never would have told her himself and caused her such undue worry, but she'd come down at once. Her recovery was going well. She could walk without crutches and even jog. She was only a few weeks away from returning to the streets with him-a prospect that made him shudder. \"Sarge told me that a half dozen of Detroit's most wanted were killed last night,\" Lewis was saying. \"Already some gangs are coming apart.\" \"Only more opportunity for this Rojano to consolidate power.\" Robocop noted sadly. \"Well, the more powerful he gets the more gang violence will be reduced. I just can't figure why he'd put his neck out like Boddicker just to kill cops. It doesn't make sense.\" \"No.\" Robocop agreed. \"But it does humiliate OCP.\" Lewis raised an eyebrow. \"Not that I am jumping to any conclusions.\" Suddenly a cell phone chirps loudly, making Lewis jump. She reached inside her pants pocket and pulled a small silver flip phone out. \"Ha, it's my mom. That can wait.\" She placed the phone on Robocop's food dispenser. \"Listen Robo, you need to be more careful. You must be numero-uno on Rojano's hit list. If the ED-209's hadn't been tracking you-\" \"We've been through this before. I can't shelter myself.\" Lewis frowned deeply, a look of stubbornness Murphy dreaded. \"You can't go charging into things alone either, Murphy.\" Neither noticed the tech raise his eyebrows at the name Murphy, nor could either know the trouble he would cause them later. In a more gentle voice, Lewis added, \"I don't want to loose you again.\" He placed hand tenderly on her shoulder. \"You won't.\" \"Are we any closer to determining what is causing your malfunctions?\" \"No.\" Lewis let out a ragged sigh. \"It's so frustrating, not being able to do anything!\" \"Don't worry, they'll fix me. They fix everything.\" It had been more than two days and there had been no word from Xui. Johnson had not resigned. Nor had he brought the incriminating documents to the Old Man. He'd simply called into work sick. His wife wondered why, since he never missed work even when sick, but Johnson said nothing. He knew Xui was evil. He knew Xui wanted OCP. But to stop him he may well have to give up his marriage. And there was always the chance the Old Man wouldn't believe him and all his risks would be for nothing. \"Hun?\" Johnson snapped out of his reverie. His wife stood in the doorway to his office, head cocked. \"Is there something we need to talk about?\" She asked. \"No-Yes! I… I don't know.\" Johnson said at last. \"Something is wrong, I know that much.\" She came into the room and placed a hand on his tense shoulder. \"And it isn't just work, either. You've been acting funny, Don.\" \"I know, baby.\" \"Whatever it is, we can talk it out. Whatever it is.\" God, thinks Johnson, this is her way of telling me she already knows . With a deep breath, Johnson plunges ahead. \"Baby, Xui is trying to get rid of me. He got me-well, I guess I got me drunk at his party….\" \"And?\" She prompted gently. Johnson wipes the tears from his eyes. \"And I'm so sorry babe-\" \"I know. I know you, Donald. You're a good man.\" \"If I take him on, it may destroy me.\" \"I know. But, it's what you have to do. That's your duty.\" Slowly, Johnson nodded. \"It might destroy… us.\" \"What is her name?\" She asked suddenly. Johnson's jaw dropped an inch. \"I figured there was a woman involved in this. Was it your secretary? She doesn't seem your type…\" \"Love, I'm not having an affair! I mean… I don't remember, but there are pictures of me… with… another woman. From Xui's party. I think he did something to my drink, I've never gotten drunk that fast! I-\" He trailed off, studying his wife's face. \"Aren't you angry? Hurt? Something?\" \"Oh, I was. I knew from your behavior you'd done… something. I just didn't know what. But I could see the anguish in you're eyes-that's how I figured out it was a woman-and I knew you were truly sorry. I was just waiting to see if you'd confess. So, it isn't your secretary? That's not the reason you're not going to work?\" \"No, it Xui. He… he's up to something. Something big- huge . I have the proof, but he has those pictures.\" \"Honey, we've been married a long time, and I love you. I trust you to do the right thing.\" Johnson nodded. Miles away, in his office, Xui nods too, shutting off the sound from the bugs. His plan has failed. It is time for plan B. Robocop sleeps, unguarded, unmonitored by humans. Machines hum quietly and tomorrow people will come to collect the paper and electronic data, largely in the hunt to isolate the malfunctions that have plagued Robocop with seizures. But again they will be frustrated by failure. Three men are huddled around equipment hooked directly into Robocop's electronic brain. Thick cables snake from the back of Robocop's head to a special CPU box hooked into a laptop. The status monitor blinks, displaying the three prime directives. The men are young, none over 35, all tech heads hired for this mission. They've practiced for months on simulated units, but now that the real thing is here they're in high gear, operating at peak efficiency, largely out of fear of getting caught. All three men jump when a clattering wrench rings out from behind them. Ann Lewis's fingers had brushed the table near the hall and knocked the item free. The cell phone she had returned for sat unnoticed on Robocop's food dispenser. Now she stood, staring dumbly at the screen that now displayed five directives, momentarily frozen. Then the men jumped up and her inertia was broken. She turned to run but knew instantly she wouldn't make it. She shouted for help as the fastest of the men tackled her from behind. Stars dazzled her vision as her head connects solidly with the concrete. She tries to struggle but her body is still weak. She turns her head to the side, just in time to see a booted foot followed by blackness. Robocop wakes with a jerk. Instantly he knows something is wrong, something has changed , and that his horrible dreams last night were more than dreams. Nothing in the room has changed. The two techs barely notice that he's woken up, they just idly note on the constantly growing printout \"awake.\" He opens his mouth to ask if anything unusual happened last night, but his vision fills with static and he jerks backward into his seat. PRODUCT VIOLATION, his computer warns him, and a new directive he's never seen before appears; \"Do not communicate with anyone.\" \"Shit,\" One of the techs said, \"They recalled even more 6000 SUX's. I guess I should have listened to my wife and gotten a Takuro.\" The female tech snorted in response. \"I'm pretty happy with my Buick, thank you. I told you not to get a Chrysler spin off.\" Command: List prime directives. Robocop felt ill as he reads his new set of prime directives. But he has no choice; he must obey. He stands and walks stiffly to the garage. No one tries to stop him. No one tries to talk to him. Most people aren't sure whether to treat him like a man or a fancy toaster. He takes the keys to one of the faster turbo-charged SHO cruisers and a moment later peels out, vision intermittently filling with static. He tries to force himself off the road but his program keeps overriding him, making his body twitch spasmodically each time. WARNING, the computer warns him, PRODUCT VIOLATION: SOFTWARE CONFLICT. SEEK IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE. \"I ain't killing a cop and that's final!\" \"She saw us dickhead! You want to get turned in?\" Ann Lewis blinks heavily, vision clouded by a gray fog as she comes back into consciousness. She is in a vehicle, moving fast. Its suspension is old and worn. Two of the three men she saw earlier are huddled around the driver's seat of the cheap cargo van, the third presumably is driving. She tries to sit up but discovers her hands and feet are bound, but with large, loose, overly complex knots tied by someone that is wracked with paranoia but not burdened with knowledge. \"We'll be long gone. We've got a midnight flight to-shit, she's awake.\" The driver says, looking into the rearview mirror. All heads turned towards her. \"Fuck her,\" the driver says. \"We leave her in the van. The ED-209s will get her.\" That seems to decide the issue. Lewis struggles to look at the radio clock; 8:55. She had two hours to stop Robocop before he gets to OCP tower, to see if she can reach him somehow and overcome his malicious new programming. Then she would have to return to Detroit international airport and try to stop her kidnappers' flight. What, she wonders, did they mean about the ED-209s? She starts working on the knots as quickly as she can without moving too much. Slowly, they start to unravel. 9:00:00 PM -two hours remaining. Two ED-209s guard OCP tower. Quietly, their huge engines thrum with power. From their perspective, a neon green HUD displays vital information such as hydraulic pressure, computer integrity, voltage output, et cetera. With a beep, a new dialogue appears. 2:00:00….1:59:59….1:59:58… The countdown has begun. THE END Of episode three To be continued Feedback welcomed! ","Summary":" Robocop Fan fiction Saga episode 3 Programming part one Written: by Impfac Edited by: DragonPeaceEn"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Valley","Author":"Icarus Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9581283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Valley By The Guest Calypso Disclaimer: Aurora, Don Bluth Studios, and Fox Studios are the respectful owners of all 'The Secrets of NIMH' properties including characters and names. All Original Characters (OC's) and story-line belong to the writer The Guest Calypso and should not be used without explicit consent from the writer. This work of fiction is for entertainment purposes only and does not necessarily reflect the views of the writer; it is not used for monetary gain what-so-ever. If, by some astronomical chance, Don Bluth (Or his legal department.) stumbles onto this work of fiction and enjoys it, I hereby give up all rights to him (And his studio) to use this story as the proper sequel that 'Secrets of NIMH' fans have been waiting 30 years for. It's fun to dream right? Small print over, enjoy! Chapter 1 It is the middle of summer at a farm deep in rural America. The corn fields have been plowed and the crops have begun to reach human knee height. To a field mouse however, it is a giant evenly spaced wilderness that stretches for as far as the eye can see in all directions. Within these fields the small woodland creatures forage for food, already preparing to gather what is necessary to survive the impending winter chill. Among these creatures is a familiar field mouse. He is young, barely reaching his teens, scrounging for the hardy seeds that fall from the massive stocks above. The small satchel he is carrying is nearly full, and after grabbing a little more seed the young mouse is satisfied with his cache, heading towards his home; a cinderblock at the edge of the field, underneath a massive rock. The sun begins to set over the rolling hills of grass and trees as the young mouse reaches the rock and quickly surveys his improvised home; dirt had been packed and piled around the structure, covering up the holes and weather proofing for winter. A small metal chimney poked out of the growth that had camouflaged the home from curious animals. Light grey smoke lazily lolled out of it, signifying to the mouse that mother had begun the preparations for dinner in his return. He scaled the roof with practiced precision, reaching the entrance to his home and pushed the wooden door open. Upon stepping within the dwelling and closing the door behind him the sounds of laughter and idle chatter greeted his ears. \"I'm home everybody!\" He announced, un-shouldering the heavy bag within the entranceway. \"All right, Martin's back!\" Someone squeaked, followed by cheers from others out of sight within the kitchen. The now revealed Martin stepped into the kitchen carrying his parcel, immediately becoming swarmed by his two younger siblings; Timothy, his younger brother and his younger sister Cynthia, whom wasn't much older than Timothy. \"Hey Tim, hey Cynthia, you guys hungry?\" Martin greeted, dropping the satchel roughly into Timothy's outstretched arms, while Cynthia rummaged through the bag; inspecting Martin's gathering skills. \"Hey ma.\" Martin then greeted a slender light brown mouse wearing a red shawl with an idle hand wave. His mother couldn't return the gesture; she was occupied with fixing stitching on the side of a homely dress on Martin's older sister Theresa, who was fidgeting as she stood with her arms outstretched from her sides on the table, sighing uncomfortably. \"First of all young man; I'm your 'Mother', not 'Ma'.\" Mrs. Brisby corrected her eldest son softly, holding a threading needle between her pursed lips. \"And hello you to you too, Martin, how did foraging go?\" \"Pretty good considering how many others are out gathering stuff for winter.\" Martin answered seemingly unaffected by his mother's correction. \"Hey Sis, you're still getting your dress resized?\" He added with a snarky tone. Theresa shot Martin a look, sticking her tongue out at her brother. \"She wouldn't still be in this position if she just held still.\" Mrs. Brisby sighed, finishing a stitching then clipping the extra string off with her teeth. \"Sorry mother, but it is taking forever to resize my dress.\" Theresa protested. \"Well then you should stop growing so fast young lady, then I wouldn't have to keep doing this.\" Mrs. Brisby said with a warm smile. \"And don't be so smug Martin, your next for a refit.\" Martin waved off the returning smug look Theresa had given him, tugging on a corner of his tight-fitting shirt so it would come lower over his gut. \"So mom, what are we going to do for Cynthia's birthday?\" \"I'm not quite sure yet.\" His mother said, growing distant; her hands slowing down for a fraction of a second in their task, her deep blue eyes peering into infinity as she began to ponder. Without so much as a warning, Cynthia came dashing into the room overhearing her name being used in the conversation. \"Watcha' all talkin' about?\" She said with an innocent demeanor. \"Nothing Cynthia dear, start getting washed up for dinner, I'm finished with Theresa's dress and we'll start as soon as everyone is ready.\" Mrs. Brisby quickly interjected before Martin could reply with any spoilers for Cynthia's birthday. Everybody exclaimed including Theresa, who mumbled ' finally' under her breath as she climbed down from the table. Mrs. Brisby began to prepare dinner for everyone, cooking the ingredients Martin had brought home. Dinner had come and gone with only one incident; Timothy had flicked a corn seed at his older brother, after a round of laughter and mild scolding dinner passed without anymore incident. Everyone finished, and then prepared for bed. Mrs. Brisby helped little Cynthia prepare for bed, however Cynthia was anything but ready to sleep. \"Hey momma, did you remember tomorrow is my birthday?\" She asked as her mother untied Cynthia's signature ribbon from around her torso, the excitement barely contained in her whispered words. \"As a matter of fact, I did remember.\" Mrs. Brisby said enthusiastically, her daughter's happy and care-free disposition was contagious as she helped Cynthia into bed and tucked her in. \"Do you know what I want the most for my birthday?\" Cynthia said, pulling the cloth blanket up under her chin and snuggling deeper into the mattress. \"I have no idea, what would you like?\" Mother said, resting her elbows on the side of the bed and lacing her fingers together, resting her head upon them. \"I want to know who daddy was.\" Mrs. Brisby had a hard time trying to sleep that night, her mind still reeling from the request from Cynthia on her mind. \"I want to know who daddy was.\" Cynthia's words rang in her thoughts clear as a bell. Me too, Mrs. Brisby muttered to herself. After tossing and turning, for what felt like a small eternity trapped with nothing but her racing thoughts, she gave up trying to sleep. Quietly she slipped out of her large bed. For the first time in a long while, she noticed just how big and empty the bed was with only one body to occupy it. She reached for her signature shawl, tying it securely around her neck. Silently she checked each sleeping being as she made her way towards the kitchen, pulling blankets to cover shoulders and giving extra affection where it seemed necessary. Satisfied everyone was still deep within slumber; their mother crept into the kitchen. The kitchen was bathed in the pale light of the moon through a small window over the sink. Mrs. Brisby made her way to the smoldering fireplace, poking the embers in the waning fire absent-mindedly, remembering the olden memories of all the things she remembered of the late Jonathan Brisby. It made her smile remembering all the strange little things Jonathan had known; she found it so peculiar at how much he knew for just a field mouse. On several occasions she would prod him and ask how come he had known so much. His defense was always the same; 'I watched the humans.' She would fire back with 'Why would you want to get that close to a human?' Jonathan would shrug, saying simply; 'I was curious.' Mrs. Brisby had to cover her mouth to stop from giggling out loud and waking the household. She thought it was so strange at the time, but now looking back she was incredibly grateful he had taught her things like how to read and write, among other things. She continued to watch the fire crackle in its dull orange glow, the small shower of sparks rose from the embers in lazy circles, compelled to rise out into the cold night air through the chimney. She drew her shawl tighter around her shoulders; it was her most treasured material possession, given to her from her husband on the first week anniversary of their marriage. If there was a list of things Jonathan was best known for, a hopeless romantic would have been near the top of the list. She missed the hopeless romantic so much, but she refused to grieve anymore, she was beyond that stage. Now it was time for some answers. For as long as they were together, Mrs. Brisby found it odd that Jonathan knew so much of the human world. Yet, whenever she would bring up the subject of his writing and reading skills, his knowledge of food storage, furniture construction and knowledge of ' electricity', he would dodge the question or joke to evade any sort of answer to her questions. After a while, Mrs. Brisby just accepted the fact that there were some things Jonathan wasn't comfortable about discussing yet, when he was comfortable to speak about it, Mrs. Brisby would be more than willing to listen and understand. But he never got the chance. Mrs. Brisby became a widow, raising a family on her own and still void of any answers. Until the events that happened six months ago. When Timothy got sick, Mrs. Brisby took it upon herself to save her son's life. What started as a simple trip to Mr. Ages' home within a hay-baler turned into a harrowing adventure involving several close calls with the cat Dragon, the farmer's plow, a visitation to an owl that, despite the overwhelming fear of getting eaten, was instrumental to helping her find the colony of strange rats that could move her home to the lee of the stone, saving Timothy from the bitter early spring chill, and the destructive path of the Farmer's plow. Despite how far-fetched Mrs. Brisby had thought finding a colony of odd rats that had a strange affinity for Christmas lights to save her family had sounded, she undertook the quest, desperate to do anything to keep her family safe. Then she learned of another world she wasn't even aware of by meeting Justin, Nicodemus and the rats of NIMH. And learning through the incredibly old and wise Nicodemus, the love of her life and the father of her children, was from NIMH himself. Nicodemus explained that, because of what they had gone through at NIMH, the rats and the surviving mice did not age normally, in fact the aging process had been slowed considerably. Jonathan was afraid that, while she would grow to old age, Jonathan would remain young, only to watch his beloved wither away in front of his eyes. Everything had become so clear at that point; all the nervous glances, all the dodged questions were because Jonathan was terrified for their uncertain future together, Jonathan feared that she would push him away, or leave him because of the terrible burden he was being forced to bear. In all honesty she would still accept him, no matter what, even if their time together would have been fleeting. She wanted so many more answers, she wanted to know more, and Nicodemus and Justin both seemed to be the most knowledgeable of her enigmatic late husband; she wanted to know where he had originally come from, what he was like and most importantly; what he had done for the rats that made his name so common-place. Sure Jonathan had helped the rats escape, but there surely must have been more than just that, even the Owl knew Jonathan Brisby. But it seemed fate was against her. Nicodemus had been killed by the traitorous Jenner, who then attacked her after she warned the colony of NIMH's arrival next day to capture them all. But that was trite compared to Jenner's reaction to The Stone. He seemed to become consumed by a lust for that stone, and the power it kept within, only with the courageous actions of Justin, and Jenner's henchmen Sullivan was he finally stopped. She was more than grateful to have given it to Justin; the power it held was far more than what the humble field mouse Mrs. Brisby could comprehend, and because of that she felt a lot safer knowing that something with such capabilities was kept with someone as pure of heart as Justin. He was more than capable of protecting it from someone who could cause harm far better than she. But still, Mrs. Brisby wondered; how will Jonathan's children, and his widow, learn more about him? Everyone who had ever known him had packed their things and left for the safety of Thorn Valley. Just as she was thinking of Thorn Valley, she had an epiphany. Thorn Valley; everyone that had the answers was at Thorn Valley! Perhaps it was time to make a surprise visit to Thorn Valley; everyone was now old enough to make the trip safely, and this was a perfect birthday present for little Cynthia. What better birthday present than a family vacation out of the house? The log crackled in its fireplace, drawing Mrs. Brisby from her thoughts. Sure Cynthia could learn more about her father from her siblings or her mother, but knowing Cynthia it just wouldn't be enough, she had after all very bright, just like her father. So Mr. Brisby finally reached a conclusion in her mind; they all would travel to Thorn Valley, tomorrow. Mrs. Brisby nodded to herself, pleased with her plan. She stood from her place in front of the fire. Her thoughts now calmed enough she could now finally go to sleep, making her way back towards the bedroom, without waking anybody else, she climbed back into the large empty bed, untying her shawl to hang on the corner bedpost. But paused before hanging it in its resting spot; with all the reflecting this evening, she just couldn't bring herself to let it go. She drew it back, holding it close as she pulled the covers up and settled into the soft cotton. You hopeless romantic, the kids miss you, I miss you. We all miss you. Slowly Jonathan Brisby's widow drifted into sleep, holding her shawl close. For what was left of the fleeting night, the mattress didn't seem so empty.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Mrs. Brisby's mind raced in her sleep. The impending trip to Thorn Valley tomorrow dominated all thoughts on her mind. But that wasn't what made sleep fitful; she had a recurring dream. She was standing in a field; black mountains in the distance surrounded all sides. There were others within this dream too; tall shadows milled about with purpose. Mrs. Brisby tried to stop one of the shadows and ask why everyone was in a rush, only to be approached by one she had not noticed before. The shadow knelt down in front of her, the face was blacked out but the shadow felt familiar, friendly, as muddled words emanated from the shadowed face. But did she know who it was? She couldn't hear the words, it was as if he was speaking while underwater, but somehow she knew this figure was trying to reassure her with strong, confident words. How did she know this, what was there to be afraid of? Quite suddenly, the colorless sky began to turn crimson, shapeless clouds turning a sinister black. The shadow addressing Mrs. Brisby turned its gaze towards a knoll in the field behind them. The air began to tense. The shadow stood without a word, quickly they began to point at shadows standing idle, looking towards the knoll and shouting orders. Quickly, the small clearing Mrs. Brisby and the shadows stood in became very busy with shadows moving with purpose, encircling the small camp in defensive positions. The shadow issuing orders was still muddled, but its voice was loud, and spoke with authority, as fog black as tar began to edge over the top of the knoll, killing the green grass it touched. A number of the shadowed forces stood at the base of the knoll, unfazed and armed; with what Mrs. Brisby did not know, but they were ready for whatever appeared. What followed the fog could only be described as Hellish monsters, traveling in one massive roiling wave, came charging down onto the shadow encampment, heavily armed with what looked to be sticks spitting fire and blood-lust in their demonic gazes. The shadow force remained steadfast, as the demons poured down upon them. Bouts of flame, the pop of explosions and the clashing of metal quickly filled the air. Mrs. Brisby watched the brutality with terrified awe as the green grass at her feet began to become crimson. She tried to run, to hide, but some corporeal force held her in place, all she could do was watch on as the shadow forces slowly began to lose their valiant fight with the never wavering ferocity of the invading demons until the only one opposing the demons, was the one shadow that spoke to Mrs. Brisby. He fought on with furious fervor, keeping them at arm's length; every demon that charged forth was felled with swift attacks from a sword. When they fell, they dissipated like a fog disappearing before the morning sun, only to be replaced with another that would charge forth once more. He fought on, until it was only him that remained standing. The demons formed a wide circle around him, waiting for him to make a misstep before striking. When one got too overzealous and lunged, they were run through by the shadow. He carried on, keeping them at bay courageously. An explosion pierced the clash of swords. The shadow figure cried out in anguish, faltering onto his knees. The sword within his grasp fell next to him. Without mercy the demons lunged all at once, blanketing the final shadow within inky blackness. The field fell dead silent. Mrs. Brisby was no longer aware she was still within the field; she remained frozen in terror, surrounded now in darkness. Without warning, a claw reached through the black, grabbing a hold of her neck, pulling her from the darkness violently and into the piercing red gaze of the demon that held her within its iron grip. Crooked yellow teeth gleamed mere inches from her face, as the demons roared at her. \" Where is the Stone!? \" It demanded, the blood red orbs of its eyes bore into hers, seeming to suck away the life and soul from her. She desperately tried to look away, to close her eyes, but unable to do so. I don't have it. She tried to say, but words failed to form. This seemed to anger the creature, who began to shake and squeeze her neck harder, glaring with dark intent. \" Do not toy with me mouse. Where is the damn Stone!? \" I don't know, I swear! She desperately tried to cry out as the inky black of unconsciousness began to cloud her vision. She clawed in futility at the hand around her neck, to purchase some sort of respite, but its grip never relented. She teetered upon the edge of unconsciousness. She heard a metallic click echo around them, a cold metal object press against her forehead. In a voice full of cold callous, the creature growled. \" That's a shame mouse, a damn shame. \" As the world fell into darkness, there was a final click before becoming blinded by searing light… Outside the realm of sleep, something shook her shoulder roughly; a familiar voice began to reach her ear. Mrs. Brisby shot awake, sitting up barely able to draw breath to scream. To her horror when she opened her eyes, all she saw was red. Had the dream followed her? She panicked, trying to rub her eyes only to have something stop her. Waking further rational thought cleared away the panic, as she realized her shawl had wrapped around her head in her sleep, and swiftly removed it to reveal eight little eyes staring back at her, concern etched within all their expressions. \"Mom is everything okay?\" Theresa asked first, being the closest sitting near the edge of the mattress. Mrs. Brisby sighed in relief, managing a weak smile. \"I'm fine dear—\" \"Are you sure? You were pretty out of it, shouting something about 'not having it'\". Martin said next. \"I promise I'm okay-.\" She tried to assure. \"Yeah, you were saying some other crazy stuff.\" \"I'm okay—\" \"Mom, are you going crazy?\" \"Mother isn't going crazy Timothy!\" \"You can never be sure, I have to ask!\" \"Children please!\" Mrs. Brisby raised her voice, quelling the squabble. \"It's way too early to be arguing like this. No, I'm not going 'crazy'; I just had a really bad dream.\" \"Actually, it's almost noon.\" Martin corrected. \"But it must've been one pretty bad dream, you were in deep too, we've been trying to wake you for a while now.\" \"Oh my…\" Mrs. Brisby whispered. \"Do you remember what you were dreaming about?\" Timothy asked. \"Actually, now that you mention it…\" Mrs. Brisby thought for a few moments, trying to recollect the nightmare. She couldn't remember anything about the nightmare. \"I don't remember it at all.\" Martin mumbled something in agreement. \"It's probably best you don't remember it, it sounded pretty scary from this side of things, and I couldn't imagine what it was about.\" Mrs. Brisby was also very thankful for not being to remember it either, whatever had occurred was beyond terrifying. \"So, now that you're okay and everything.\" Martin interrupted his mother's thoughts. \"You want to start some brunch? I'm starving.\" Martin then began patting his grumbling stomach. Theresa turned to her brother and scowled at him. \"Martin, how can you be so inconsiderate!? You're thinking about food instead of worrying about mother's episode?!\" \"Hey, a growing man's gotta eat, right?\" Martin defended, lackadaisically patting his protruding gut. \"You are just unbelievable sometimes!\" Theresa snorted. Timothy, who had been watching the whole altercation from the side, cracked a mischievous smile and had discreetly moved closer to Martin. \"Don't worry Martin; I don't think you'll blow away if you miss your breakfast.\" Without warning Timothy slapped Martin in the middle of his stomach, palm open, an audible slap could be heard as Martin folded over and groaned. He recovered quickly however, much to the surprise of Timothy. \"Oh, you are dead you little twerp!\" Martin growled, quickly running after the screaming and laughing Timothy. Theresa had burst into laughter for a moment, before regaining composure and slipping back into the mature, older sister character before addressing her mother once more. \"Are you sure you're alright mother? That was a little scary with not being able to wake you up.\" \"I'm fine Theresa, I promise.\" Mrs. Brisby assure softly. \"Just a little nightmare is all. Your younger brother however, might be fed to Dragon if I don't stop Martin! How's about some brunch, you must be hungry too.\" Theresa nodded politely. Brunch was made with little incident. Everyone had finished their meal and went to play out in the late-summer sun, while Mrs. Brisby remained sitting at the table, poking at her unfinished food, mind busy with planning. She continued to ask herself about the dream; she tried to remember it, but to no-avail. She only remembered waking up, terrified for her life, then nothing. But more importantly, she was wondering how to share the news of traveling to Thorn Valley. True, she was nervous about it; she had never been beyond the fields of the Fitzgibbons property, it was going to be all new and alien. More importantly she was worried about all the obstacles that could potentially be in their way, along with the dangers that they could pose for her children. She was more than sure they would be okay, they had all grown quickly in the past months since spring, but a mother always worries about her children, they could most definitely handle anything that comes they're way. Mrs. Brisby however, had doubts about herself. As much as she didn't want to admit, she was growing old, and since using the power of The Stone to save her family, she found the bounce in her step had lessened somewhat, strangely. To top it off grey hairs started to dot her pristine light-brown fur. All the more reason to go now rather than later, she reasoned. With renewed purpose, she stood from the table. The children were still outside playing in the summer sun, laughing as they chased the small bugs that were unfortunate enough to be involved in their game of catch. Mrs. Brisby watched for a moment, smiling warmly as she enjoyed their playful game, clearing her throat to catch their attention before she lost her nerve. Four beings stopped in their tracks, turning eyes and ears towards their mother. \"Alright everyone; as you all know it's somebody's birthday today!\" Mrs. Brisby motioned towards the broadly smiling Cynthia. \"So, I've been thinking about a little present for Cynthia, as well as everyone else.\" This raised some confused glances from everyone. \"What do you mean 'all of us', mom?\" Somebody asked. \"Well.\" Mrs. Brisby paused, thinking best on how to word it. \"I want everyone to pack a small traveling bag with some food, an extra change of clothes…\" \"Are we going on sort of a trip or something?\" Timothy asked, his eyes growing wider. \"We are, doing something like that.\" Mrs. Brisby answered with building enthusiasm. \"No way, where are we going?\" Martin spoke up next. His mother remained silent, a gentle smile began to show itself upon her face, finding it difficult to suppress as she saw the wheels turning in all four heads. Cynthia's expression was the first to light up as realization dawned on her. \"You mean, we are going to Thorn Valley for my birthday?!\" She exclaimed. Mrs. Brisby let her warm smile reveal itself in full. \"We are going to Thorn Valley, Cynthia.\" Everyone began cheering and dancing about in gleeful excitement. Their mother waited a moment for them to burn off some energy, before she spoke up again. \"Now save some energy for the trip everybody, because we are leaving this afternoon.\" \"Today?\" \"Yes today.\" She answered. \"Go pack your things you'll want for the trip, we'll head out when everybody is ready to go.\" With these final words, everyone disappeared into the house, and began packing without another word. The sun was starting its descent when everyone had their essentials gathered, ready to leave home. \"So how long do you suppose we'll be gone for?\" Martin asked his mother as he helped her block the entrance to their home, a deterrent for looters and vagrants from breaking in. \"I'm not really sure, but if I recall correctly, Justin said it would take the rats about two days to get to Thorn Valley, but it might be shorter for us because we aren't carrying as much.\" \"Do we have any clue how to get there?\" Martin asked again, a sliver of doubt apparent in his tone. \"Thankfully yes, Justin said before he left, to travel North through the mountains…\" \"And then down into the Valley!\" Cynthia finished with gusto. \"Correct!\" Mrs. Brisby praised. \"Does that mean everyone is ready?\" \"One more question before we take off on this poorly planned-out adventure.\" Theresa spoke up. \"Do they even know we are coming?\" Mrs. Brisby came to a complete stop in her tracks. It had never occurred to her if she should let the colony know or not, but then it occurred to her; there was no plausible way to let the colony know in advance since Jeremy had met an untimely demise shortly after meeting his Ms. Right. It would have to be a surprise, some things must be left to chance it seemed. \"They don't know we are coming Theresa, it's going to have to be a surprise.\" This however, did not satisfy the 'by-the-book' Theresa. \"Well, maybe we should send a letter or something; it seems kind of irresponsible of us to just show up un-announced, I mean, what if something happens and it takes us longer than three days?\" \"It's not like we have a choice Therese.\" Martin came to the side of his mother. \"We could write a letter, but we don't have anyone who can send it, remember what happened to that buzzard Jeremy?\" Theresa and Cynthia lowered their gazes to the ground. \"Oh yeah, I forgot about that…\" \"That poor turkey, he'll be missed.\" Cynthia whispered. \"I miss him too.\" Mrs. Brisby said, before switching back to the matter at hand. \"I know you don't like the idea Theresa, I don't like it either, but it's just going to have to be this way.\" \"Then why would we go then? It's dangerous!\" Theresa protested. She crossed her arms, appearing to be done discussing the topic and making the decision not to go. Cynthia looked to her older sister, looking to be on the verge of tears. \"B-b-but Theresa, i-it's my b-birthday…\" \"Cynthia, you must see how bad of an idea this is?!\" Theresa huffed. \"Please stop giving that face!\" \"Come on Theresa.\" Timothy pouted. \"It's her birthday…\" Theresa gave a defeated sigh. \"Guess you'll just have to throw caution to the wind for once.\" Martin added. Theresa said nothing. \"Come on, it will be fun!\" Mrs. Brisby assured the defeated Theresa. \"Everyone say good-bye home, we will be back soon.\" \"Bye home, we will be back soon!\" Everyone said in unison before turning their gazes north and went underway. Mrs. Brisby turned one last forlorn glance at her home; the home she and Jonathan had created together, the home that they had shared so memories together in and started a family within. She suppressed a lump forming in her throat, and turned to follow after her children before she lost the nerve to leave. Ahead of the group Timothy assumed leader, walking in an exaggerated march humming and singing. Author's Note: Is Mrs. Brisby's dream a premonition? A warning of things to come? Or just a dream? And just what happened to Jeremy? Will we learn? Who knows! See you all next week. Stick around.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 X The sun had begun to dip behind the horizon when the Brisby family reached the edge of the Fitzgibbons' property line. They moved with little haste, thanks to the extreme lack of any predators within the area, most notably Dragon. For some reason, Dragon had become ill and was remaining within the Fitzgibbons home, not prowling the fields as often as he used to. A large majority of the field denizens believed that age had finally caught up to the beast; it was now time for the old cat to spend the rest of his days indoors. Mrs. Brisby was thankful; it was one less worry that was on her mind to think about. However she had something else more pressing on her mind. Before the family, separating the cropped, fenced in fields of the Fitzgibbons property from the untamed and protected wilderness, was a strange, wide and black stretch of ribbon that none of them had ever seen in their brief existences. Warily, they approached. \"What is this black stuff?\" Timothy asked, gingerly brushing his small hand against the rocky surface, testing if it was indeed solid looking. \"Well, it's solid.\" Martin said; observing Timothy run his hand over it, and then hit it a couple times with a fist for good measure, to be sure. \"It kind of reminds me of that…mud.\" Theresa remarked, glaring at the black surface with obvious suspicion. Cynthia, not seeing the danger, went out and stood on its surface, and began to giggle. \"It's warm on my feet.\" \"Whatever this, thing, is; we have to cross it in order to continue to Thorn Valley.\" Mrs. Brisby stated grimly, taking an apprehensive step onto its warm surface with Cynthia. Not realizing she had been holding her breath, she sighed in relief. She turned back to her children, and addressed them with an assured arm wave to follow. \"Come on everyone its safe—\" A massive metal creature roared past, in its wake followed an incredibly strong gust of wind and dust that swept the family of mice off their feet and carried them through the air, riding the wave and back into the brush, screaming head-over-heels in sheer terror through the air. They landed in undignified heaps, all the while getting struck my rocks and dirt from all sides, forcing them to cover up what they could when they finally landed. Horrifying moments ticked by, shrouded in a whirl-wind of noise and dirt, before the barrage finally ended; finally giving the family some respite to gather what had just happened. \"Holy Cow!\" Martin exclaimed, sitting up with a wild look in his eyes and wind-swept fur on his head. \"What on earth was that thing?!\" \"That Marty was a car.\" Timothy answered, also sporting the same wild look. \"An Oldsmobile, if I'm not mistaken.\" He cautiously stood, patting his shirt free of dust and went to help Cynthia to her feet not far from him. \"I had no idea they went that fast. That big one the farmer uses goes nowhere near that fast!\" Theresa breathed, shaken as she was trying to fix her crooked ribbon with shaky hands. \"That's because Mr. Fitz doesn't know what a gas pedal is…\" Timothy mumbled under his breath. \"And no wonder too; look at that white sign over there.\" Martin pointed out over the long grass; Mrs. Brisby slowly recovered to her feet and followed her eldest son's finger, checking her neck to make sure her shawl was still fixed to its proper place. The object he had pointed out had writing on its front, she could scarcely make out the words 'speed' and 'limit', but had no idea what the last two larger symbols meant. \"W-what does that mean?\" She asked innocently, seeing four heads nod in agreement to its understanding. All except her, she tried to hide a blush of embarrassment for asking such; though it seemed the children had a complete understanding of it, she could barely grasp its concept. Yes, Jonathan had taught her some, but there were even some things that Jonathan's legendary patience could run empty with, and sadly for him, it was explaining numbers and math to her. And she tried, with every fiber of her being to understand it, but there are just some things that a normal field mouse just couldn't learn. Her children gave their mother a surprised glance, making Mrs. Brisby feel a little more embarrassed for asking, before Timothy broke the silence. \"The two bigger symbols on the sign are numbers; together they make the number 55.\" He said. Over the next few minutes, the other three drifted back towards the black ribbon while Timothy remained behind to attempt to explain numbers and speed to his mother, exercising all the patience that he had to explain clearly and slowly. Disappointingly, no matter how slow or how clear he seemed to explain it, the blank stare his mother continued to give him made Timothy become frustrated and eventually give up. \"Wait Timothy please, just a little more time, I really am trying.\" She pleaded as Timothy purposefully started to walk away. \"I know you are mom, but no matter how much or how hard I try and explain it to you…you just can't understand.\" He sighed in defeat. \"Sorry mom, but it's really fast, that's all you need to know.\" He continued his walk towards his siblings. This struck Mrs. Brisby deeply; she knew they were as intelligent as Jonathan, maybe more, and after learning that Jonathan was from NIMH, it had started to make her feel like the odd one out. What does a normal field mouse need with basic arithmetic anyway she thought. She was still their mother, that's what mattered. She sighed, as she found herself questioning how much longer that would remain relevant to them. With a defeated look she joined the children next to the road once more. Two more cars, which Timothy identified, flew past the family; they hunkered down and shielded their eyes from the dust storms that followed in their loud wakes. Finally, it seemed there was a lull in traffic; in both directions it fell silent and barren. With some reluctance, Mrs. Brisby took a deep breath to calm the butterflies and her racing heart. \"It seems clear at the moment.\" She observed. \"Okay everyone grab your bags.\" The Brisby family grabbed their belongings, which oddly remained at the side of the road. Mrs. Brisby didn't speak further until she had everyone their attention turned back to her. \"At the count of three, we will all cross at once, understand?\" Everyone nodded; all eyes big with nervousness. \"Think so.\" Martin voiced. \"Alright.\" Mrs. Brisby breathed, and started the countdown. \"One.\" \"Two.\" She scanned the road in both directions, and the sky for birds of prey, it was still clear both on road and sky. She glanced back, all eyes were forward, focused on the road. Mrs. Brisby took in one more deep breath. Jonathan, watch over us. \"Three!\" As quick as a flash they all darted from the cover on the side of the road, onto the open and exposed black roadway. Already the sun's rays had warmed the road surface to an uncomfortable heat upon their padded feet, everyone took long strides to keep the heat to a minimum and cover as much ground as possible. Mrs. Brisby dared a glance in both directions; the road was still clear. She looked towards the sky; there wasn't a single cloud, or bird. They were making great progress, Timothy and Cynthia lagged slightly behind, mostly because they were the smallest and youngest of the Brisby's, but they compensated by running on all fours. Mrs. Brisby slowed down slightly to run next to them, to urge them on, and herself. The butterflies in her stomach threatened to fly out, but she dared not stop, they were so close now, reaching a bold double yellow line within the road. They were making great time. Suddenly Cynthia fell, and cried out. \"Ow!\" Mrs. Brisby felt her heart stop as she stopped in her tracks and spun around; Cynthia had tripped, and lay sprawled on her stomach upon the yellow line, tears already flowing down her cheeks. \"What's happened Cynthia?\" Timothy had stopped and crouched down next to her, breathless, and tried to comfort his sister. Their mother followed shortly behind. \"What's going on, why's everyone stopped!?\" Martin called from ahead, huffing and puffing. \"Cynthia tripped!\" Timothy answered. \"Hold up a second!\" Mrs. Brisby moved to comfort the wailing Cynthia, who favored a skinned elbow, two knees and a lightly skinned chin. \"Cynthia, I know it hurts but we can't stay out here.\" Her mother urged. She scanned the skies and the road in both ways; they were all completely exposed to speeding vehicles and predators. How much longer would it be clear for them? They had to get out of the open, and fast. \"Cynthia, come on!\" Timothy nudged. With the help of their mother, Timothy managed to coax Cynthia gingerly back onto her feet and moving, biting back the tears as she hobbled on with their help, favoring every step. Slowly but surely, the family all moved together, edging over the yellow line upon the black surface, Cynthia's tears began to lessen as they moved. Timothy was the first to notice the slight vibrations in the road surface; a low frequency began to float to his ears as the vibration slowly began to build. His ears shot up; quickly he scanned the horizon in both directions the black ribbon went in. His eyes went wide with panic when he spotted something in the distance. \"H-h-hey guys?\" Timothy stuttered. \"W-we've got a bit of a problem.\" \"What is it?\" his mother asked, sensing the fear in his tone. A finger shot towards the horizon to the east. \"We've got a Buick coming in fast.\" \"A what?\" Martin shot. \"Speak English Tim!\" \" A car!\" Timothy cried, still frantically pointing towards two glowing orbs that edged over the black-top before them. The low vibration had now become an audible rumble, Cynthia fell silent as surprise and terror took hold. \"Oh no!\" Mrs. Brisby gasped. \"Cynthia, I know it hurts but you must hurry!\" With the threat of becoming road-kill taking precedents over her injuries, Cynthia started to limp as fast as she possibly could go with the help of her family. The sound of tire roar began to build to an uncomfortable level, the family were three-quarters across the road; just several feet separated them from the safety of the side of the road. To a mouse however, a few feet was equal to miles. They still had a long way to go. Mrs. Brisby did everything in her willpower to not look towards the oncoming monster, already every instinct told her to turn and run back to the safety of the other side, but to double back now would mean certain doom. The sound of the engine had built to an uncomfortable and inescapable roar over the tires. Martin, seeing Cynthia struggle to keep upright and their mother having troubles supporting her, thought quickly. \"No time left; we have to go now!\" Martin scooped Cynthia up off her feet, and immediately began to run with her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. Mrs. Brisby, with her arms now free, began to run full speed and quietly thanked Martin for inheriting his father's size. \"Don't stop, don't slow down!\" She cried over the deafening roar of the car. Her children began to pull ahead, they had reached a white line just before the shoulder, it was almost safe for them. Now it was up to her. She tried desperately to tune out the deafening, overwhelming noise that had swallowed the road-way. Instead she focused on her aching muscles; she had to go faster, willing every ounce of strength she had into sprinting the last few feet to safety. Her children dove into the brush, they had made it. In a massive wave of heat, noise and wind, the car had finally raced past. The tire had missed Mrs. Brisby by mere inches. It however, did not pass without incident. In its powerful wake, it scooped Mrs. Brisby off the ground and sent her tumbling and twisting through the air. To Mrs. Brisby, the earth spun about in a blur; she spotted the side of the road one instant, then the car, then the sky, before coming full circle with the road-side once again. She could faintly hear the concerned cries of her children from somewhere in the distance. Finally, and quite suddenly, the world fell still, the deafening sound slowly began to pass, and Mrs. Brisby found herself in an undignified heap on the roadside. Instinctually she balled up; feeling the breeze and nauseating smell of exhaust smoke pass her by. She laid there for several fear frozen seconds, too afraid to move still. The distant shouts of voices began to overpower the pounding of her heart and ringing in her ears, the voices of her children calling her name in fear for her safety. Reluctantly she lowered her arms and answered the calls. \"I-I'm r-right here everyone!\" She called back, shaken. \"I'm okay!\" \"Mom!\" Martin and Theresa cried, Timothy and Cynthia lagging behind them. \"Mom, oh thank heavens!\" Slowly and carefully Mrs. Brisby raised herself to her haunches, still visibly shaken but mostly unharmed as she checked herself to be sure she was still in one piece. As her children continued to run towards her, she reached for the shawl hanging behind her. She gasped seeing that the car had not passed without incident. \"Oh no…\" Theresa breathed, reaching her mother first, quickly covered her mouth for fear of being heard. Martin quickly followed behind Theresa; his eyes falling on the red bundle in his mother's arms caused him to stop huffing and puffing loudly, falling silent as the last two children arrived. Silence engulfed the family. Mrs. Brisby began to tear up seeing the wedding gift she had received from her deceased husband torn and tattered length-wise, the tear disappearing under the knot still secured around its owners' neck. The tear being everything other than clean, strands of red linked the two halves together in a fragile web across the gaping wound. Mrs. Brisby dared not untie to see how far it had gone, for fear the knot was the only thing holding it together. Martin, Theresa, Timothy and Cynthia remained silent out of respect. They knew the shawl given to their mother meant the world to her; it was the only physical thing left of their father, which came no surprise to the children when their mother began to sob quietly. Theresa and Cynthia moved closer to their mother, taking places on either side of her, while timothy and Martin edged closer and knelt down before her. Mrs. Brisby glanced up; her light brown cheeks streaked with silent tears, to find herself surrounded by her most precious possessions. She smiled at the faces looking back at her before their gazes too; fell to the tattered cloth in her arms. Martin opened his mouth to speak, but hesitated or remained at a loss for words. Theresa managed to find her voice, and softly asked her mother. \"Do…do you want to go back home mom?\" Mrs. Brisby closed her eyes, and sighed softly. Moments passed in suspenseful silence before she worked up the nerve to speak, barely over a whisper. \"I think we should…\" Her voice quivered. The foursomes' gaze fell on each other, though nobody wanted to give up and turn around after coming so far, none would argue that their mother was grieving, plus it didn't seem right to push the subject. Without another word, the children slowly stood from the side of the road. Mrs. Brisby remained seated however. She took a deep breath. \"…Keep going.\" The children stopped mid-step and shot looks at each other, then at their seated mother, who now had her head held high, tears wiped away and a grim determination prevalent on her face. \"Are…are you sure mom?\" Martin hesitantly asked. \"We don't have to go to Thorn Valley that bad.\" \"We've come so far already.\" Mrs. Brisby answered softly, her gaze dropping to the road. \"I would hate to think everything that has happened is all in vain.\" The children glanced around once more stunned into silence. \"Besides.\" Mrs. Brisby continued; a small smile showed on her lips. \"I've wanted to introduce everyone to Justin and the rest of the rats I met at the Rosebush.\" She stood from her seated position, carefully draped the torn shawl over her shoulders and tightly, but not uncomfortably so, secured the shawl around her neck. Everyone began to grin enthusiastically, before running ahead into the underbrush to continue their adventure. Theresa however, remained behind with her mother as the other three disappeared out of sight. \"Nobody is saying it, but we're all thinking about it.\" Theresa started, nervously twiddling her thumbs together as she addressed her mother. \"We'll all help fix father's gift for you, good as new, don't worry.\" Theresa nodded, as if to reassure herself and her mother. Mrs. Brisby was pleasantly taken aback by her offer. \"Thank you Theresa that would mean so much to me.\" She held her arms wide open; Theresa took the offer, and gave her mother a heartfelt hug. \"Father meant a lot to us too.\" Theresa whispered. \"We miss him awful.\" \"I know.\" Mrs. Brisby replied, hiding the slight quiver in her voice. \"If he was still here, I bet he would be so proud in you children, in all of us.\" \"Or he would be…\" Theresa pretended to have a deep male voice. \"What on earth are you all doing?! It's dangerous to go on such a poorly planned trip without me!\" \"…And he would say that too, he did worry awful.\" Mrs. Brisby conceded. The two women shared a small round of laughter, before one final squeeze before breaking the hug. \"Come on; let's catch up to your siblings. I'll introduce you to Justin when we get there, you will like him.\" Theresa began to blush. \"Is…i-is he handsome?\" \" Very handsome and tall.\" Mrs. Brisby answered, giggling softly as her daughters blush deepened. Without another incident, and with the ribbon of black-top put firmly behind them, the family continued on with their journey, deeper into the mountains forest, and that much closer to their goal of Thorn Valley.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: X X \"Stop chewing on your mouth young man.\" The offender harrumphed, before continuing in his games. With the road firmly behind them, the family had begun to make great progress forward, that evening they had managed to make it deep into the forest and set up camp at the base of the mountains and sleep soundlessly, gathering their strength for the final push up the rocky mountain face before reaching the valley. Cynthia had her skinned knee bandaged to prevent likely infection, though she seemed completely unaffected by yesterday's events as she chased after her siblings in a game of tag, all the while making progress up the mountain with their mother close by. Mrs. Brisby remained on the sidelines however, maintaining a vigilant eye and ear to her surroundings, while her thoughts were occupied of another matter. She had been shaken awake by her children again, saying she had been—quite literally—kicking and screaming in her sleep, though upon waking, she couldn't remember what she had been dreaming about. It had been bothering her how often these dreams had been happening, but the baffling fact was not being able to remember such obvious and vivid night-terrors. She would wake fearing for her life and in a full panic, but not know why she was. She spotted the offender stopping for a moment in his game to contort his face in a peculiar fashion, but she had known why he had stopped. \"Timothy Brisby, stop chewing on your mouth or you will get awful sores.\" Timothy huffed again, rejoining in the jubilation. Mrs. Brisby scaled a rock face, stopping at its precipice to survey her surroundings better. Below the children played in a small clearing, the scene caused Mrs. Brisby to smile, but also caused a pang of sadness. It wouldn't be much longer before they were ready to go out into the world without their mother's ever- watchful eye, to start families of their own. She hoped it could be possible to see her grand-children, no matter how small the chance of her living long enough to see them would be. Mrs. Brisby stopped her rather morbid thought train, and took a deep breath of the thick forest air. The last time she had been in the forest was earlier in the year, when she had been looking for answers to save Timothy from the plow from the Great Owl, and even then it was a very small and brief section of the forest she had flown over; she was more focused on surviving the encounter with the Great Owl, and Jeremy's unnecessary aerial acrobatics as they flew over most of it. It had also been too early in the year for leaves or flowers to grow yet; the forest looked uninviting and dead that early in the spring. But now, in the last throes of summer, the forest was now alive with colors and the sounds of birds high in the canopy, trees were vibrant green and the smell of pines was sweet with the breeze. If she looked carefully enough above she could spot a squirrel racing through the branches, already gathering for the long winter months. It was a pleasant change from her usual scents of the farm, where smells of freshly harvested crops, sowed dirt and farm machinery were a norm. Every breath was full of dew, and broad leafed trees shedding their leaves before all the others. For the first time since the trip had started, she wasn't nervous about being in an unknown area or being away from home, she was relaxed. Until the sounds of something large crashing through the woods caught her attention and destroyed her tranquility. She stood rigid as stone, ears erect and listening intently. Even the children heard the sound over their rough-housing, and stopped to listen. \"What was that—\" Mrs. Brisby sternly held a finger towards Timothy, motioning to remain silent as she scanned the forest floor for signs of danger. The whiskers upon her furiously sniffing muzzle caught the sun, showing whispers of strands dancing with no connection to her in the air. The crashing continued to disrupt the peace within the forest; it had seemed the whole forest itself had frozen stone-still, disturbed within its quiet sanctum. The sounds of leaves shuffling and branches snapped edged ever closer to Mrs. Brisby and her children's location, and then seemed to circumvent their location. Without physically seeing it, but aware of its location thanks to specially attuned other senses, Mrs. Brisby tracked its position as it ran passed them and crashed deeper into the woods and down the mountain side. Before completely falling out of hearing distance, Mrs. Brisby spotted a white flash between the thick of trees and something snort a reprieve. \"Well I'll be…\" Mrs. Brisby whispered, finding her heart calm. \"A deer.\" \"That was a deer?\" Someone below whispered. \"Cool, you don't see many of those on the farm!\" \"What do you suppose spooked it?\" Martin called up to his mother. \"I'm not sure.\" Mrs. Brisby breathed. \"But we should be careful too; deer can sense danger a lot better than we can. We should be cautious as we make our way farther.\" Below, four heads nodded in unison in agreement. \"Well, I guess we should keep going before it gets too dark.\" Martin shrugged, setting the family into motion; play-time had come to an end, it was now time to continue onwards. X X \"I spy, with my little eye…\" Timothy mumbled, tapping his chin in thought as he glanced around for something different to spy. \"Ugh, give it a rest Tim, we've playing this game for hours and spied everything around us!\" Theresa groaned. \"Give me a minute.\" Timothy waved his sister's chastising remark away like an insect. \"I'll find something out here…\" Timothy continued in his game, glancing high towards the clouding sky and low for something to spy, while Theresa sighed loudly. Hoping to break the uneasy silence, Cynthia spoke up since the incident on the road. \"So, it looks like we have one more day left until we get to Thorn Valley huh?\" She said, scratching restlessly at the bandage on her leg. \"According to what Justin told me just before he left, around two days.\" Mrs. Brisby recollected. \"And we've been traveling for one day already, so yes Cynthia, we should have one more night out in the wilderness then we will be within sight of the colony.\" \" Another full day?!\" Martin groaned. \"I'm not too crazy about sleeping out in the sticks again, personally.\" \"You'll be fine Martin, it's only going to be for one more day, and then we will be in the colony and welcomed with open arms. I'm sure they will let us have some food and beds.\" Mrs. Brisby assured, suppressing a small grin seeing her eldest groan loudly again. \"What's the matter Marty can't stand another day of walking, or not having a feather stuffed bed?\" Timothy snickered. Martin shot a deathly glare at his brother, before scoffing loudly and jamming his thumb in his puffed out chest. \"Please, I could walk for days no problem!\" He bragged proudly. \"I'm just saying, if we push ourselves just a little bit, we could probably get there before nightfall tomorrow.\" \"Alright, I'll take those odds.\" Timothy smirked, standing tall and proud in front of Martin. Timothy however, only reached Martin's chin in height, but still met his eyes and held out his hand to shake. \"We make it to the rats before tomorrow night, or you have to wear a big girly ribbon for the next day!\" \"Not mine!\" Cynthia interjected. With marked hesitation, Martin bit his lip before firmly grasping Timothy's outstretched hand, and shaking. To the watchful eye, Martin could be seen suppressing a nervous gulp. \"Y-you're on!\" \"Now now you two, let's not too carried away and use up all our strength before-hand.\" Mrs. Brisby cautioned. \"We rest for the night, and then we can start bright and early for your little wager, deal?\" \"Deal!\" Martin almost shouted, before clearing his throat and casually crossing his arms while leaning back on his tail. \"Uh, I mean, alright ma, if you say so.\" \"Wow, we all agreed on something.\" Theresa whispered to Cynthia. \"It's about time too.\" Cynthia added. \"My feet are tired and I'm hungry!\" She complained while rubbing her eyes with the back of her hands. \"It looks like it's starting to rain too.\" Theresa observed, feeling stray drops of water patter the top of her fur-covered head. Quickly the muted pattering of rain began to build in volume and density, the torrent easily passing through the thinning forest canopy and soaking the fallen leaves of the forest floor. This high up the mountainside, the family had little cover from the rain; trees had begun to grow sparse, and bare rock was becoming more and more common sights. They had little cover as a flash of light and the crack of a thunderous whip rattled them into action. In the failing light and darkening sky, Mrs. Brisby was the first to notice a suitable chasm under a sizeable rock and made a break for it, her children in tow. X X The rain never relent its feverish downpour as the family started a small fire and hunkered around it, keeping dry until morning would bring hopeful clear skies. The small fire crackled and popped as it struggled to burn the damp tinder Martin and Timothy could gather on such short notice. \"Well, looks like we won't be going anywhere tonight.\" Martin said. He held his hand out from under the rock into the cascading waterfall that formed a curtain around them. \"It's raining cats and dogs out there.\" He muttered. Another rumble of thunder could be heard in the distance as Timothy poked around in a small soggy supply pack that had survived the ordeal on the road. \"Well that's great.\" Timothy grumbled. \"Everything in here is soggy; look at this bread!\" He said pulling out what looked like a ball of mush. \"The only things that aren't completely ruined are these corn kernels.\" \"Aw man.\" The rest of the children grumbled in defeat. \"Now I'm tired, sore and hungry!\" Cynthia complained. \"Wait a second.\" Martin spoke up, his eyes going wide and ears perked. \"Tim, let me see one of those kernels.\" Without any rebuke, Timothy obeyed and fished out one soggy kernel. Martin grabbed it from his little brother's hand, fetched a thin, pointy stick and skewered the kernel. \"What are you doing—\"Timothy quizzically asked. Despite receiving nothing but silence as a reply, he continued to watch Martin check to make sure the kernel was secure before holding it over the fire and smirk. \"Just watch. Cynthia, you should check this out too.\" Martin said. \"Oh I know what you're up to Martin…\" Theresa slyly muttered. Martin shushed his older sister. \"Don't spoil it!\" At this point, Cynthia and Tim were both enamored by the soggy kernel poised above the fire, Martin slowly spinning the stick it was on to evenly distribute the heat. Mrs. Brisby watched on, knowing full well what Martin was doing but remained quiet; a soft smile ever growing as the seconds ticked by. \"Bored now.\" Timothy grumbled, feeling his age, and patience, pass every second the kernel only sizzled. \"Just wait a few more seconds…\" Martin assured, keeping his attention and focus solely on rotating the stick. \"Mom what's Martin doing?\" Timothy whined to his mother. \"Patience dear.\" She answered softly. \"Just wait and see.\" \"Theresa?\" Turning to his last bastion of hope, Timothy literally pleading with his eyes as Theresa shook her head. \"You heard mom, wait and see.\" Timothy finally gave up with a huff, turning his sullen gaze back on the kernel just in time to see it noticeably vibrate. \"What the—\" Pop! Cynthia, and Timothy, both jumped as their mother and two older siblings cheered at the fluffy white cloud captured on the stick. Martin quickly drew it from the fire, checked its temperature with a timid squeeze of his thumb and pointer, and broke a piece off and handing it to Timothy. \"It's called popcorn; try it!\" He said while passing equal amounts to everyone else. \"Mother showed it to us when we were about your age.\" Theresa mentioned. \"Good huh?\" \"Kind of bland.\" Timothy mumbled between bites. \"But besides that, pretty good!\" \"Thanks for showing them mom!\" Cynthia spoke. \"You're welcome.\" She said with a smile. Despite smiling, she couldn't help but feel a pang of sadness. She had learned of popcorn from their father, and she was now taking credit for it. If only he were here. Before long the popcorn had been eaten, and yawns followed from the whole group. \"Welp, it seems we're stuck here for the night.\" Theresa mused aloud. \"I'm alright with that.\" Martin added. Timothy was too tired to add a snide remark, instead him and Cynthia leaned against each other; too tired to hold their eyelids or themselves up without assistance. Motioning with open arms, Mrs. Brisby guided the two exhausted youngsters to her sides, where they promptly got comfy and slipped into slumber. Theresa did the same, picking the side with Cynthia, Martin taking Timothy's side. \"Good night, mother.\" \"Night mom.\" \"Good night, my children.\" Mrs. Brisby whispered, leaning against the warm rock wall and getting comfortable herself. Within minutes everyone was well on their way to the realm of dream, all except for Mrs. Brisby. How will the rats react to our unannounced arrival? Will we be greeted with open arms, or shunned away? Did Justin's offer still stand? Thoughts like these raced through her mind, unable to calm to allow sleep. Idly she began running her claws through Timothy's hair; he stirred, but did not wake. Pretty soon she mused; her children would strike out and start families of their own in this world. She savored this moment of family togetherness, realizing it might just be the last time they would be this close. What better time to pick a family field trip than now, before it was too late? Surrounded by her most prized possessions in the world, fatigue began to take over Mrs. Brisby, coupled with the pattering of rain and the slight snoring of Martin, it was inevitability. All her questions would soon be answered tomorrow. She slipped into a light, and restless, sleep. X X Quick Author Note: A filler chapter, or a simple character building chapter? They do sometimes tread a thin, fine line, no? Some action is on the way though, stick around! The Guest Calypso[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: She awoke from a restful sleep, albeit begrudgingly; for some reason a cold and vacant spot on the bed, meant for two, caused her to stir and her heart begin to race for a moment. The morning sun shone through the small window next to the bed she lay in, casting a golden beam of light on the spot next to her, revealing sheets half-hazardly tossed aside and an empty spot. With marked resistance, she willed herself out of the warm and comfortable mattress—fetching a crisp and clean red shawl— wrapping around her form to fight the chill that immediately raced up her spin from her bare feet on the cold, dirt floor. She rubbed away the sleep in her deep blue eyes, scanning the bedroom with the other. \" He's not in the bedroom.\" She mused aloud, stepping through the curtained doorway into the kitchen. The large room had a single window above the sink, revealing yet another empty but cluttered room. \"Not here either.\" She mused again, double- checking every dark and obscure corner she may have overlooked otherwise for any sign. She had exhausted all possibilities inside the home; she decided to venture outdoors; remembering one other place he could possibly be. Braving the cold fall morning, she pulled the shawl tighter across her form and pushed the door open. Despite added protection, she still shivered to the noticeable temperature change. The sun however, had come over the horizon just enough to cast warming rays over the earth that chased off the cruel breeze that danced around her. Shielding her eyes, she glanced to the black shadow that climbed into the sky next to the sun and covered her home with its shadow; it almost seemed if one stood on this rock at this time, they could reach through the heavens and touch the sun. She smiled seeing a lone shadow, possessing two round circles on its head, standing atop this rock gazing into the horizon. Cautiously, she clambered her way up the slight incline to the shadow. It seemed this figure hadn't heard the soft grunts or the occasional slipping claw against rock as she managed to reach him, physically jumping when she brushed gentle, tender fingertips across his shoulder, pulling him from his reverie \" Oh, I wasn't expecting company.\" He said with a shaky voice. He recovered to drape a loving arm around her slender shoulders, pulling her close. \"I hope I didn't wake you.\" \" You did.\" She playfully scolded; grogginess still in her tone. \"That bed is noticeably vacant and colder when you're not beside me.\" She returned his embrace, wrapping both arms around his waist, interlacing her fingers behind him and resting a weary head on a shoulder. \" How did you sleep?\" He asked, smiling before returning his gaze back to the horizon. \" Much better, thank you.\" She said, doing her best to hide a yawn. \"The nausea wasn't as bad as the night before.\" \" That's good.\" He replied absently. Expecting more than silence, she looked up into his eyes; still transfixed with a hazel gaze onto the distant mountains. Something seemed to be bothering him she noted, seeing the blank expression meaning he was deep in troubled thought. \"How about you; how did you sleep love?\" She whispered, still watching him with a worried eye. He pursed his lips, shaking his head lightly after another lengthy silence. \"Not too well.\" He admitted finally. She squeezed a little tighter around his waist in affection, still gazing into his eyes as he seemed to peer far, far into the distance; seeming to traverse miles without even physically moving and unable to look away from whatever held his gaze. Silence overtook them once again. \" Where are you, my love?\" His eyebrows twitched, his empty gaze suddenly returning to life as a soft smile revealed itself on his lips. Those vacant hazel eyes filled once more with a warm glow, as he looked back into hers, and managed to pull her closer. \"I'm right here.\" \" In body, but your mind wanders.\" Concern evident in her voice, gazing deep into those windows to his restless soul, plagued with untold horrors and hurt that he dare not share, even to her. He took a deep, slow breath in, before releasing it in one pent up sigh and glancing away. \"I… I've got a lot on my mind.\" He whispered. \" Such as?\" She unclasped a hand, bringing it to his scruffy cheek, caressing it with a woman's soft touch. \"Talk to me, let me help relieve some of that burden.\" She softly pleaded, bringing his eyes back to hers. Like an open book, She could read every subtle movement of his body, every expression spoke incredible volumes that portrayed more emotions than even he was consciously aware of, the droop of his shoulders finally revealed her prodding was beginning to wear away on his defenses. He sighed once more, but more shallow. \"I… I just can't believe… I'm going to be a father.\" He whispered in muted awe. \" I can believe it.\" She answered with a glowing smile. \"You are a brave, kind soul Jonathan Brisby; you will make a wonderful father.\" A corner of his mouth tugged up in modest embarrassment. \"Do… Do you think so?\" He said hopefully. \" I know so.\" She replied with no hesitation. It seemed, for the moment, the dark clouds that had gathered in Jonathan's mind suddenly dissipated, letting the light shine back in and letting more of his soul return to its earthly vessel. A genuine smile crept across his face, his eyes filled with color once more. He wrapped both arms around her, holding her close, which she reciprocated. Wrapped deeply and comfortably into the fur on his chest, she too joined his gaze with the horizon. Satisfied warmth filled her from head to toe; no matter what dark storm formed in Jonathan's mind, she was always capable of turning it away with nothing but the power of love. It made her feel special, knowing only she could make him so happy. In return, that made her happy knowing how much he cherished her. Minutes of bliss passed between them wrapped in each other's embrace, as the sun climbed higher into the sky. Yet this didn't stop her from being lulled into sleepiness listening to the gentle, strong drum beat of Jonathan's heart echo in her ear, the warmth of his body against hers, the softness of his fur. She could have easily fallen back to sleep there, had the muffled words of Jonathan whispering her name had not been prolonging her. She murred in playful defiance, snuggling deeper into his arms, until Jonathan's persistent, yet gentle, prodding finally drew her attention. \" Dear…\" Jonathan whispered softly but sternly. \"… The Stone...\" She opened her eyes slightly, drawing farther into consciousness. \"W… What did you say dear?\" \" Protect the Stone.\" Her heart came to a sudden and unpleasant stop. She looked up at Jonathan, confusion in her expression. \"What?\" \" The Stone,\" Jonathan continued, now blankly staring back at her in monotone. \"It's in great danger; you must get to Thorn Valley and protect the Stone from those who would use it for their own gains.\" The sun was no longer warm, growing cold as it slowly transformed into the moon. The sky faded from light blue, filling with thick dark clouds and being replaced with darkness. Chills raced up and down her form, despite her close proximity to Jonathan and staring back at him in confusion and horror, his embrace was no longer warm; but cold as earth. \" But- But how…?\" She stammered, finding all words escape her as the pleasant memory she had been enjoying violently come crashing down around her. \"T-the Stone is with Justin, how it could be in danger?\" Jonathan now only resembled a stranger to her; all familiarities faded leaving only a darkened shadow in his place. She no longer felt safe or comfortable in this strangers embrace. He offered little resistance when she hurriedly stepped away from him. \"I… I don't understand what's happening!\" \" Justin can't protect the Stone properly.\" The stranger answered. \"Only you can stop the greed from corrupting the Stone. You, and only you, can cleanse it.\" She felt like screaming, both in hurt and terror, as the full moon behind the shadow began changing into deep crimson; The deep crimson of blood. This was no longer a dream, but a hellish nightmare. She no longer lingered in the realm of memory or dream; she couldn't put to words what she was now trapped in. The stranger that stood before her offered no explanation, as he began to step backwards toward the precipice of the rock they both stood on. She tried to warn this 'Shadow' how close he was to falling to his death, but no noise passed her lips. He stopped just before the edge, never taking his dull eyes from hers. Something rooted her to place; no matter what she did, she couldn't move in the slightest. Jonathan returned, the unfamiliar shade fading back into the oblivion it resided within. Those dull eyes became Jonathan's hazel once more, the face became clear to her; his expression was of sadness. Sheer, utter sadness. \" I'm so sorry, I never meant for this to happen.\" He solemnly whispered. His words wrung in deafening volumes to her ears. \"Only you can protect the stone now. Only you, my love.\" She was going to cry out, to scream, to run back to Jonathan. The crack of thunder tore through the silence like a gunshot, the flash of lightning seemed to steal her voice as Dragon materialized from the light, sharp teeth, and honed claws glinting in the crimson of the moon as Dragon pounced for Jonathan. He smiled one last time, before claw and paw wrapped around him. Another deafening crack of thunder, a flash of light, and then darkness consumed all. She woke with a start, her heart pounding furiously within her chest cavity as if to escape and run away on its own accord. The drumbeat in her ears began to fade, as reality began to settle back into its norm. Around her, four fuzzy bodies slept in different positions than the previous night, yet none stirred to her violent awakening. The small fire had become a smoldering orange ember, small wisps of smoke curled through the air before dissipating into the morning fog. The rain had stopped sometime in the night, leaving the morning air thick with precipitation and fog, covering everything within a few feet of visibility in a dull grey blanket. Mrs. Brisby gingerly drew a hand from under her shawl, which had doubled as a blanket for the night, and pressed two fingers to her temples and sighed. These dreams had been happening for some time now, yet she hadn't told anyone about them, especially her children. They always started so peacefully, almost serenely, before deteriorating into nightmares that she couldn't believe her imagination could concoct. Perhaps these dreams were brought on by the change in the weather, or the fact winter was drawing near? Changing of the seasons always threw Mrs. Brisby's equilibrium into a tail spin, but nothing like this. \" These nightmares need to stop… \" She whispered, massaging her heavy eyelids. No sooner had she whispered someone stirred from their slumber. Timothy sat up with a grunt, reaching a thinly limb into the air, flexing his fingers as he did so. Letting the limb drop like a lead weight, it landed on Theresa. She gasped, starting awake from a deep sleep and fluffing up from the rude action. She spun around multiple times before seeing Timothy shrink and laugh nervously. \"S-sorry Therees…\" He mumbled through a nervous smile. She groaned, rolling her eyes for added measure. \"You're such a jerk sometimes.\" She remarked, padding strands of stray fur that hadn't returned back to normal and continuing the routine of waking up. Timothy did the same, yawning loudly, now that the need for discretion was no longer needed, and feverishly scratched at an itch behind one of his ears. He blinked slowly, glancing around as he did so and waved lazily to his mother. \"Morning yet?\" He asked absently, knowing the answer full well. \"Indeed it is, Timothy.\" His mother replied. \"Awesome,\" was Timothy's dull response. \"Nature's calling, I'll be right back.\" He called while sprinting from a standstill and out of sight while barely making a sound. Mrs. Brisby almost envied the speed Timothy could move, knowing full well she didn't have that youthful amount of energy he had. Slowly but surely, everyone else woke from their sleep, no doubt caused by the slight ruckus from earlier, all in different states of alertness before Timothy returned from a lengthy absence. \"Where'd you go, Tim?\" His mother asked with concern. \"Well,\" Timothy started, trying to regain his breath from an obvious lengthy run. \"After my business was taken care of, I saw something cool I thought I might share!\" \"Aww Tim!\" Martin grimaced. \"We don't want to see that!\" \"No, not that you idiot!\" Timothy groaned, slapping his palm against his forehead with an audible sound. \"Something way different, follow me!\" Suddenly Timothy was off and running once more, his siblings, despite the obvious confusion, gathered themselves up quickly and ran after him. Their mother however, took a little while longer; sleeping under the stars on unforgiving earth and rock had left her a little stiff and sore. When Mrs. Brisby managed to stand and stretch, did she chase after her offspring. Mrs. Brisby managed to catch four tails disappear out of sight up the mountainside. \"Wait for me!\" She called after them, securing her trademark shawl before willing tired bones to bound after them, ascending craggy rock face after rock face with skilled precision and grace. \"Careful everyone!\" She cautioned after them when she managed to catch up enough to be in ear shot. The sun had begun to whittle away at the thick blanket of fog that surrounded the mountainside as the family continued to ascend higher and higher. \"Why, on earth , did you go this far up here for a restroom break?!\" Martin heaved, struggling to catch his breath as he chased after his younger brother. Timothy, being far too excited to think of a rebuttal, kept motioning with his madly swinging arm for everyone to stay close. \"We're close!\" Was all Timothy managed. The family had managed to clear the fog bank, revealing a blue cloudless sky. A thick band of orange accentuated the craggy mountain peaks off in the distant as the sun rose higher into the sky. Mrs. Brisby had managed to catch up to her youngest daughter, Cynthia, who had come to a stop on a flat rock surface. Her face was of irritation, while her hands scratched furiously at the bandage on her leg. \"What's the matter Cynthia?\" Her mother inquired. \"Is everything alright?\" \"Yeah,\" Cynthia grunted. \"But the bandage is making my leg all itchy.\" \"Try to ignore it, dear.\" Mrs. Brisby said, reaching for her daughters hands to quiet them before they completed their task. \"Your leg still needs to—\" Before Mrs. Brisby could reach for her daughter's hands, they had managed to shred what was left of the bandage. Its tattered remains scattered around her now exposed and unblemished haunch, revealing a fully healed and fur- covered appendage. \"Heal…\" Cynthia wiggled her toes and stretched the limb. \"It looks fine to me.\" She shrugged. \"Let's catch up with Timmy and the others momma; I wanna know what he found!\" Without dwelling another second on the matter, Cynthia continued to bound up the mountain, leaving her mother flabbergasted and motionless. She watched what was left of the bandage blow away in the wind while she reflected on her late husband. Thank goodness they seemed to have inherited their late fathers' abilities; in fact she had seen more of him in her children than she herself. So this provoked a question; what did they inherit, from their normal, boring, field mouse mother? \"Hey mom!\" Someone called from farther out of sight. Mrs. Brisby was pulled from her reverie, and looked upwards towards the source of the commotion. Timothy was waving his arm enthusiastically for his mother's attention, a large goofy grin plastered on his face. \"Get up here; you're going to love this!\" Mrs. Brisby didn't dwell on her question any longer; a more important matter had taken precedence, along with an overwhelming sensation of curiosity. What could be so interesting to hold the attention of her youngest son; someone who would be enamored by a game with his siblings one moment, then losing interest the next? The final few feet to climb had become acutely steep, even for Mrs. Brisby, who had to exert even more effort to bound up the slippery the craggy rock surface to Timothy's position. Straining the final couple of steps, she reached her son. Mrs. Brisby had her breath, already labored from the climb, completely taken away by the view. Standing before them in a natural bowl, with the sun cresting over the black mountains in the distance, was Thorn Valley. Early fall had provided a wonderful cacophony of vibrant oranges, yellows and reds that blanketed the valley floor like a forest fire. Contrasting the brilliant colors of all the hard wood trees was the deep greens of pines that pierced through all the colors like rocks in a stream. The silver ribbon of a sizeable river cut a swath through the heart of the valley, separating a majority of the forest from soft rolling hills of endless meadows, far off in the distance. \"Wow, it's so beautiful up here!\" Theresa exclaimed. \"So is it safe to say that this is Thorn Valley?\" Timothy said, crossing his arms in a proud proclamation, as if the big smile still evident on his face wasn't enough. \"Man, I could just stay up here forever .\" Martin sighed in contentment. \"Now, wait a minute there, Marty.\" Timothy interjected, poking Martin for added annoyance factor. \"Remember we got a bet going…\" Martin remained silent, of words at least. A drawn out groan emanated from Martin, as he covered his face with his hands. \"I'll take that as a yes.\" Timothy snickered. \"I'll race ya; last one to the rat colony is a rotten egg!\" Without further thought on the matter Timothy took off, unlike a bullet, down the other side of the mountain, humming an upbeat tune. Martin leaned into Theresa's ear and whispered, \"Is it too late to back out of this?\" \"I think it was too late the moment you two shook hands.\" She whispered back. \"You made a deal with the devil; can't back out of that.\" Theresa heartily laughed, chasing down after Timothy and leaving a disgruntled Martin to his own vices. \"Come on Martin.\" Cynthia said hopefully. \"It kinda looks… easy?\" Cynthia seemed to dwell a moment before shrugging. \"Kind of…\" No words of encouragement could help Martin, only helping him groan louder in protest. Swallowing what was left of his stubborn pride, Martin hopped down from his perch and after his siblings, a little faster than his usual leisurely pace, to catch up. Mrs. Brisby lingered a moment more, to absorb this magnificent view of Thorn Valley. Peering out over this natural valley of peace, Mrs. Brisby couldn't help but feel this slight sinister presence, somewhere deep in the bright forest, hiding, waiting. A little voice in her head even seemed to tell her all is not what it seemed down there, but she disregarded the feeling, chalking it up to being superstitious in a place she wasn't familiar with. Besides, no smoke, no fire, no problems. Right? \"Mom, are you coming?\" Someone called. Mrs. Brisby inhaled the sweet aroma of fall drifting up from the valley, before bounding down after her family. A/N: Microsoft Word has an obsession with trying to end all the sentences in question marks... Stupid Word? Action's beginning to pick up, thanks for sticking around! The Guest Calypso. ","Summary":" The Valley By The Guest Calypso Disclaimer: Aurora, Don Bluth Studios, and Fox Studios are the resp"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Robocop: Being a father to two children","Author":"RaphardoMichatello2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7978778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fanfiction that I'm publishing. I wrote this Fanfiction long time ago and I think it's time to publish it. I don't own the characters from Robocop but I do own Jenny Alexandra Murphy as I am the one who created her for my story series of fanfics when Robocop has a second child. Please don't copy my ideas. It has been 10 years since Robocop came online and 2 months since S.A.I.N.T was destroyed. Robocop has two children a son called James Daniel Murphy who just turned 20 years of age and an unsuspected daughter who was born 8 months after his death but 5 months after he became Robocop. His daughter who is 9 years of age is called Jenny Alexandra Murphy. Murphy's children do know who he is and love him to bits. It's a nice sunny day in Detroit, Michigan, its 12:30 pm. At Michigan Elementary School Jenny is playing football with her four friends Naomi, Lauren, Lilly. Lilly kicked the football so high I went over the school wall and into the road. \"Sorry!\" Lilly said, Jenny turned around and said \"don't worry I'll get it!\" Jenny shouted while jumping over the 48 inch wall and ran across the road and grabbed the football. Jenny picked up the ball and was about to walk across the road until suddenly a black van stopped in front of her and the side door slides open and a man jumped out and grabbed Jenny and shoved her in the van and said to the driver while closing the door \"I've got her Shorty\" then the driver replied \"Good I'll let the boss know\" Shorty the driver got his cell phone while driving and dials a number to contact their boos and placed the cell phone to his ear and \"Hey boss we've got the kid what do you want us to do with her?\" on the other end of the line the boss replied angrily \"BRING HER HERE TO ME YOU DING-BAT, AND FAST I'M GOING TO BE BRILLIANT!\" \"O-okay boss we are on our way\" Shorty ended the call and asks \"Leo you finished tying her up?\" Leo the tall man was just finishing tying Jenny up. While placing masking tape over her moth and said \"Yeah\" and he sat at the front with Shorty. Leo got a little paper bag and showed it to Shorty and asked \"fruit gum?\" \"Not now\" Shorty who was driving. Meanwhile at the school Jenny's friends saw Jenny getting kidnapped into a black van, they all ran into the school to the principal's office and ran into the office and said \"Sir, Sir, Jenny just got kidnapped by a tall man and placed her into a black van?\" they said all together. Mr. J Skinner the principal got up and looked at the security cameras and saw Jenny getting kidnapped and he rushed to the phone and dialed 911 to get Detroit Police Department. Outside the police station Commander Robocop walked to his patrol car and opened the door and climbed in and shut the door and suddenly Diana Power swirls out of the metro-net and sitting on in the passenger seat and said \"Alex I just heard about Jenny being kidnapped\" the Commander looked at Diana and said \"can you scan through the security cameras the school\" Diana replied \"I'll see what I find\" and she closes her eyes to scan the security cameras and opened her eyes and quickly said \"I've found something, look at this\" Diana showed it up on the screen in the car and they both saw Jenny running out of the school yard and onto the road to get a football, they see her picking up the ball and while walking across the road a black van stopped in front of her and the side door opens and a tall man jumped out of the black van and grabs Jenny by the waist and covers her moth and chucks her into the van and he get into the van and closes the door and the van drives off. Diana stops the recording and said \"I scanned the face of the tall man and look\" and on the screen a man's face appears and Commander said \"Pudface Morgan and his two sidekicks Leo and Shorty\" Diana looks at the Commander and replies \"and earlier today guess who broke out of prison? Pudface Morgan\" Commander looked at Diana and asked \"Can you help me locate them\" Diana smiles and replies \"Of course I can, you don't need to ask Alex, I'll do anything for you if your friend and family are in danger\" Diana swirls back into metro- net. In the van Jenny kicked the side of the door and Leo looked and went to her and said \"You be a nice little girl for our boss okay?\" Jenny frowned whilst crying and lifted her feet that were tied up and kicked him in the nuts. Jenny giggled and Leo placed his hands over his privates and screamed \"Ahh that freaking hurt, you pipsqueak\" Leo got up and went to Jenny and he grabbed her nice blonde hair and looked into her blue eyes and said \"Your lucky I haven't done anything to you just yet, but if you play a trick like that to our boss he won't just hurt you\" \"Mmmmmm\" Jenny kept on saying, Leo sat on the floor next to her so Jenny wouldn't do anything she will regret. Jenny closed her eyes and said to herself \"Daddy hurry up, I'm scared, I don't want to die\" In the Commander's car Commander Robocop was driving and then Diana swirls out and said \"Alex I found the van, driving up North\" Robocop looked at Diana and smiled and replied \"Thank you Diana\" Diana looked at Robocop and said \"Don't worry Alex, we'll find her\" Robocop look forward and put his foot on the accelerator and placed the siren on. In the abandoned building Shorty and Leo grabbed Jenny to their boss as the boys have untied Jenny and took the masking tape off her mouth they walked to their boos and Shorty said \"We got her boss\" their boos looked like he got melted in a science lab. \"w-what h-happen t-to y-you're f-face\" Jenny started to cry. The man walked up to her and said \"You're freaking father did this to me 10 freaking years ago!\" he sneezed and added \"Every time I sneeze I think of him, and I don't want to think about him again\" \"I-I k-know y-you your P-Pudface M-Morgan\" Jenny said \"yeah that's me stay in that corner, like a good girl, I have some business to do\" Pudface grabbed her and chucked her on the floor Jenny injured herself , \"Ahh!\" Jenny screamed in pain and then added \"You won't get away with this my daddy will save me and you will go back you prison where you belong!\" Pudface Morgan placed a big black bag on the table and pulled out 40 Millimeter armor piercing Cobra Assault Cannon. \"This big baby will go through that titanium metal of his and OCP will never bring him back, because Sarah Cable is in charge and we know that she hate your daddy, well I don't blame her\" Pudface said whilst loading the weapon. Then they all hear sirens Pudface rushed to the window and looked outside and saw police cars, hummers and an ambulace but no sign of Commander Robocop. He saw the police pointing their guns at the building. \"Pudface Morgan, stop what you are doing!\" Sergeant parks said while using a walky talky that is plugged into a speaker on the police car so Pudface Morgan can hear him. \"Ahh shut up!\" Pudface shouted through the window. Pudface Morgan walked away from the window and knelt down and picked up a brick and threw it through the window so he can talk. Jenny was terrified she got up she was limping she slowly moved behind Leo and Shorty but then she stood on some bricks and the boys heard and turned around and Jenny tried to escape. They grabbed Jenny and she shouted \"GET OFF OF MEEEE. AHHHHHHHHHHH!\" Shorty and Leo moved her to the window and all four of them saw Robocop getting out of his car \"DADDYYY!\" Jenny shouted. Robocop had an angry face on and said angrily \"Pudface Morgan give me my daughter back, or their will be trouble\" Pudface gabbed the assault cannon and placed it on the window sill and looked through it and he had a great target at Robocop he was about to shoot, but when Jenny got out of Leo and Shorty by stamping on their feet and ran to Pudface and pushed him down on the ground and that made the weapon when our of the window and on the ground and of the police officers ran at picked the weapon up and went to Sergeant Parks. \"40 Millimeter armor piercing Cobra Assault Cannon\" Parks said and then looked at Robocop and added \"Didn't he use this on you years ago to kill you?\" The Commander looked and the Sergeant and replied \"yes he did but he didn't win\" \"OKAY PUDFACE MORGAN STAND UP WITH YOUR HAND UP AND THAT'S FOR YOU AS WELL LEO AND SHORTY\" Sergeant Parks demanded. Robocop got his Auto 9 out and walked towards the building and walked in and went up the stairs to the second floor where his little girl is held hostage. He was worried, horrified and angry. He walked into the room and saw Leo and Shorty holding Jenny, Jenny had blood on her face and hands, Pudface was getting a gun out of the black bag, Pudface grabbed his gun and pointed at Jenny. The poor Jenny was crying and staring at her father. Behind Robocop there were three police officers. Robocop said to Pudface \"Drop your weapon you are under arrest\" Robocop had no choice and said \"Jenny close your eyes\" Jenny did so and Robocop target Pudface, Leo and Shorty and fired his gun the men didn't die just injured. And the three officers rushed to the men and arrested them took them to the police vehicles. Robocop placed his gun into his leg, Jenny opened her eye and saw her father she got up and they both rushed to each other, Jenny fell into his arms and he said \"Jenny, oh god you alright sweetheart\" Jenny looked up at him and started to cry. \"It's okay, I'm here\" he comfort her \"Daddy, I'm sorry\" Robocop got out of the hug and looked at his daughter and said \"It's wasn't your fault, it should be me who should apologies\" Jenny placed her arms around his neck and replied \"Okay\". Robocop got up and picked up Jenny so her legs are around his waist and they headed our of the building. He took her to the ambulance that was also outside so Jenny can get cleaned up but Jenny wouldn't let go of her father. \"Jenny they need to get the blood off you, let them do their job\" Robocop said. Jenny then let go of him but Robocop didn't leave her. After the medics cleaned Jenny they gave her a stich on her forehead and two casts one for her left and one for her right wrist as they were both broken. \"There we go, she's going to be just find\" one of the medics said. \"Thank you\" Robocop said. Jenny and her father then went to his police car. Robocop opened the front passenger door for Jenny then she sat on the seat and Robocop grabbed the seat belt and fastens her in and then closed the door and walked to his side of the car and sits in the driver seat and closes the door and starts the engine on and drives her home to James her big brother. James did know what happened to Jenny today but he got told to stay home and waits for her to come home. It became 4:30 pm that day after the kidnapping. They arrive at The Murphy house hold. Robocop undid the seat belt for Jenny and stretched to the passenger side and opened the door so Jenny can get out. They both got out of the car and the same time, Jenny kicked the door to close it and Robocop closed his door with his hand and locks it. They both walked up the footpath of the house and James opened the door and said \" Jenny\" James gave Jenny a hug and picked her up. \"Look what happend to me\" Jenny showed James her wrists and James said \"Well now that means me and dad have to do things for you don't we\" He smiles and then James places Jenny on her feet and then Robocop comes into the house. Robocop stayed at the house for a few hours. It became 7:30 pm Jenny was sitting on the soft cuddled up to her father. Jenny yawned and said \"I'm tired\" James who was reading the newspaper said \"Go to bed then, if your tired\" Jenny got up so did Robocop and they went upstairs to Jenny's bedroom. Robocop went to Jenny's wardrobe and got a clean pair of Pajamasy. Jenny was sitting on her bed trying to get her hoodie off, Robocop turned around and saw her and went to her and helped her. After getting Jenny changed she said \"I need a wee\" \"You alright going on your own\" He asked Jenny nodded yes and went 10 minutes later she came back. Robocop was closing her curtains and then he turnes around and saw Jenny running to her bed and Robocop got her duvet and placed it over her and he tucked her in the way she likes it, he then placed his hand on her head and bent over and kissed her on her forhead and said \"Goodnight Jenny\". Jenny looked up to him and replies \"Goodnight daddy\" and then she closes her eyes, Robocop left the room and closed it and walked down stairs. Robocop went to James and said \"I have to go now\" James got up from the sofa and said while walking towards him \"Okay\" Robocop opends the door and said \"I will visit tomorrow when im on my break just to see how Jenny is getting on\" James replied \"sure okay, Jenny will stay off school for a week so she can get over the shock of todays event and ill get a week off work to look after her\" Robocop nodded and said \"If you want ill have time off work so you can have a rest\" James smiled and said \"sure we can have a chat about it tomorrow when you visit\" Robocop nodded in agreement and said \"Goodbye son\" \"By dad see you tomorrow\" James stood by the door and watched his father walk off to his car and doved off. James closed the door and yawned and said out to himself \"What a day\" he headed up stairs and went for a shower. After a nice 30 minute shower he go into his Pajamas and headed down stairs and grabbed the phone and called Mr. John Skinner the principal of Michigan Elementary School, unfortunately it was the answer machine and James left a message saying \"Hello Mr Skinner its James Murphy here Jenny's brother, just to let you know Jenny is home safe and sound, and she is going to have a week off school, thank you bye\" and then James went to bed early. Reviews This is the first chapter of my first Fanfiction story when Robocop has a daughter called Jenny Alexandra Murphy. The next chapter will be about Jenny and how she came into this world, Nancy's death and her funeral.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Story of Jenny Murphy and the death of Nancy Murphy and the funeral Its 6 weeks later after Jenny was kidnapped. Jenny was in her bedroom lying on her bed looking at the family photo album. She looked at a woman and a man holding a baby, she went down stairs to her brother and asked while pointing at a man in a police uniform \"Jimmy, who's this man?\" James took the book off Jenny and said \"That's dad, years ago\" He pointed at the baby and the woman and said \"That's me and mom\" Jenny sat on the sofa next to her brother and said \"I don't remember mommy at all, I even hardly remember my childhood before mommy died and how am I alive if daddy was dead when I was born\" Jenny started to cry. Here is the story of Jenny Alexandra Murphy. In the middle of October in the year 2029, 3 weeks before Alex Murphy leave and gets transfer to Metro West. After taking his little boy, Jimmy Murphy to school. Alex heads back home to his wife Nancy Murphy and they spend some time with her before he leaves. Alex gets in the house and sees Nancy sitting on the sofa reading a magazine, he walked you behind her and wraps his arms around her \"Nancy we never get the chance to have time for ourselves, as I am always working and Jimmy is home when I get in\" Nancy turns around and looks at him and kissed him on the lips and said \"okay\" and smiles and they both headed to their bedroom and have fun. Its 3 weeks after Alex died. She woke up in bed on her own she misses her husband so much. But suddenly she felt sick she got up from the bed and rushed to the bathroom and went sick down the toilet. She flushed the toilet and then washed her face. Jimmy came running to his mother and asked \"You okay mommy?\" Nancy placed her hand over her stomach and said \"I'm find sweetheart; I'm just getting over your father's death that's all\" She was but there was something else that was wrong with her but she couldn't figure it out. After taking her son to school we went to see the local doctor. \"Mrs. Murphy, how can I help you?\" the doctor said. \"I've been sick nearly every morning, and I feel light headed\" I think I'm pregnant again\" \" Okay Mrs. Murphy, I'll give you a pregnancy test\" So the doctor did give her a pregnancy test it came 'negative' and the doctor told her \"him sorry but it say's 'negative'\" Nancy was confused \"But that can't be I've been sick nearly all week every morning, are you sure?\" The doctor said \"I'm sure Mrs. Murphy, I'm sorry\" After that Nancy left the surgery and went home. Days later Nancy went to buy a home pregnancy kit tests and did the test and it said 'Positive' she was happy but sad because Alex wasn't here so she could tell him. She went to the doctor's surgery and showed the doctor and just to be on the safe side he did another pregnancy test and this time it came up 'Positive' \"Well I guess you're pregnant, congratulations\" Nancy was over the moon. Its 9 months later Nancy got rushed into hospital by her Father in Law Russell Murphy along with her son Jimmy and Mother in Law Dorothy Murphy. The nurses placed Nancy on the bed and placed her in a hospital operation gown. \" \"Okay you're almost there, Mrs. Murphy!\" The doctor said enthusiastically. 5 hours later she lets out her last push; her grip relaxes as her body sinks into the hospital bed. When the baby came out she breathed in and out very fast. \" It's a girl!\" The doctor announced triumphantly. Tears of joy ran down her cheeks as she cradled the squirming, breathing bundle of her new born daughter. Tiny hands reached out to her, little stubby fingers as she studied her new born in silent. The little eyes opened and Nancy smiled with joy. The little one just looked like Alex especially the blue eyes as Nancy had brown and so does Jimmy. \" You're beautiful you are just like your father, I wish your father was here to see you\" Nancy said she had tears running down her face. \"Do you want to see your family?\" the nurse asked \"Yeah let them in\" She replied without laying her eyes off of her new born daughter. So Russell, Dorothy and Jimmy walked in Jimmy ran toward the bed and asked excitedly \"What is it, what is it?\" Nancy looked at her 10 year old son and replied \"It's your new sister\" Jimmy was shocked and said \"What I wanted a brother\" \"Well you have a sister now\" Nancy said. \"She's beautiful Nancy, Alex will be so proud\" Dorothy said. \"What you going to name her?\" Russell asked. Well when me and Alex was having Jimmy we discussed that if we ever have a daughter we would name her Jenny, so I'll name her Jenny\" She smiles at the infant and then added I'll name her after her father as well. Jenny Alexandra Murphy\" Alex will be honored\" Russell said and everyone agreed. Nancy yawns, she then said, \"I don't know about you, but I could use some rest right about now, 5 hours in labor to much for me\" The Nurse took Jenny from her arms and she stretches out on the bed, and Jimmy gives her a hug and Russell, Dorothy and Jimmy leaves so Nancy can have her sleep. Jenny Alexandra Murphy was born on 23 July 2030 at 4:00 pm In the present time Jenny asked James \"How did mommy die?\" James opens his mouth \"ah\" he said and then added \"well I wasn't there when she died, but you where\" \"and…\" she said making James to carry on telling her what happened. It was a since day in Delta City. Nancy and Jenny where in the car, Nancy was driving to Delta City Mall. Jenny starts crying, Nancy was fed up of Jenny crying 24/7 \"Jenny be quiet \"Nancy demanded, but Jenny didn't stop \"Jenny mommy is trying to drive, I can't concentrate on the road when your crying\" Nancy said \"Jenny!\" she looked at Jenny and then looked at the road and then suddenly a car drove into Nancy car and the car flipped upside down. Nancy was brutally injured from the crash, Nancy was half conscious blood was everywhere. A lot of people where around Nancy's car \"Hello are you okay?\" a voice said \"M-m-my baby\" Nancy said as she was in shock, Jenny started to cry. Random people tried to help Nancy and the baby out. Then everyone hears sirens, Police cars and ambulances. \" Help theirs a woman and a baby stuck in the car!\" a woman cried out the paramedics who just got out of the ambulance. The paramedics went to the car and asked \"Hello can you hear me\" \" It's too dangerous to get her out, she brutally injured, we could get the child out but we need something strong!\" the other paramedic shouted. Sergeant Parks and Detective Lisa Madigan were with the other police officers who where there. \"OH MY GO!\" Lisa shouted and then added \"Nancy's car\" Sergeant Parks looked over at the young Detective and said \"Its Murphy's wife and daughter, I hope he isn't here\" then they hear a police siren and looked and it was the Robo-cruiser. \"I spoke to soon\" the Sergeant said. \"I'll tell him\" Lisa said and ran towards Murphy. Robocop got out of the car and Lisa told him \"Murphy, if I were you I wouldn't see who it is\" Murphy looked confused and questions her \"Why?\" Murphy went to the car ancient. A paramedic ran towards him asked ask \"Could you do us a favor and help us to get the baby out of the car\". \"Of course\" the paramedic and Robocop walked to the car he stopped and looked a female whose head was out of the car \"Nancy?\" he said whilst walk closely and he heard a Baby cry from inside the car. Murphy knelt down on his knees on the passenger side and ripped the door off, he had to lie on his back, stretched his arm inside the car and saw a baby girl, his daughter. He undid the safety belt of the car seat and quickly grabbed Jenny and said to the paramedic \"I have her\" Murphy passed Jenny to the paramedic and they took her to the ambulance. Murphy looked at Nancy who was brutally injured, \"Nancy?\" Murphy said he touched her but quickly removed his hand from her as Nancy's body was cold, the paramedics where too late, Nancy died. Murphy was angry, but revenge wouldn't bring her back. These words we wanted to say taunted him but he wanted to say them \"Rest in Peace Nancy\" he said and then added \"I will protect our children\" Murphy got up from the car and stood on his two feet and walked away with anger. Sergeant Parks said to Murphy \"Where sorry Murphy\". Robocop didn't say anything he just walked to his and got into his car and drove off. Suddenly Diana swirls out of metro-net and said \"I'm sorry Alex\" \"Don't be, it is not your fault\" Alex said and before Diana can speak he added \"This is my fault\" Diana looked at him with disapproval face \"No Alex it's not your fault, don't even say it\" Diana said. Then from the corner of her eye she saw Murphy with a tear coming from his eye and asked \"Alex, what's wrong?\" \"I think I'm having a malfunction, Charlie can have a look\" Alex said. Diana smiled and told him \"Alex I don't scan any malfunctions, your fine you just have you human side controlling you because of this event, I don't blame you but if I were you I would control it, you could never know what the side effects are\" Alex turned his head slightly facing Diana and agreed and said \"You're right\". 2 weeks later it was Nancy's funeral. Only Family and close friends came to the funeral. It was only a small Ceremony. It only lasted for an hour. Robocop did attend the ceremony but he was in the back behind everyone else so they don't suspect anything. He saw Jimmy standing while holding Jenny who was looking at Robocop. Jenny didn't understand what was going on around her. How will this affect her childhood now without a mother and a father? Jimmy and Jenny ended up in Family Services and after the ceremony and Robocop never saw his children again. Reviews? Writing this chapter I was listening to sad music to bring out the sadness of this chapter, I actually cried while thinking what to write for this chapter. The third chapter will be more happy and family type story. ","Summary":" This is my first fanfiction that I'm publishing. I wrote this Fanfiction long time ago and I think "},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Personal Hell","Author":"Shaz1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1823249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PersonalrnHell By SharronrnIbbitson Disclaimer:rnNo the characters don't belong to me although I would happily keep Johnny Depprnforever and forever and ever in any shape form or character I could get him. This storyrnis set before the events of the film 'From Hell' Please read and review. My JohnnyrnDepp fascination had been going on for some time, but it hit a whole new levelrnwhen I saw him in 'From Hell' in fact it took me some times to even realisernthat it was him in that film. Even though it didn't even really go down phenomenallyrnhere in the UK, I still thought that it was arnbrilliant film, and the actors were very strong in it. So here is my first andrnprobably only attempt at a 'From Hell' fiction, after all it is limiting whatrnyou can write about when the lead character dies in the final scene! PersonalrnHell The lonernfigure stood in the winter drizzle of the London cemetery. The man clad entirely inrnblack, his gaze lost to the World as he stared intently at a newly dug grave. Hisrnface pale in stark contrast to the black of his clothes, and the darkness of thernsky above. He stood like that for some time, deeply entranced by whateverrnmemories held him. He did not surface from his reverie until a firm handrnclasped down on his slender shoulder. \"Frederick how long are you going to standrnhere?\" the soft Scottish lilt if the man's possibly only remaining friendrnasked. Abberline sighed deeply, comforted by his friend's presence yet at thernsame time wishing to be alone with only his thoughts for company. \"I don'rnknow\" he replied after a moment, his gaze still not leaving the sight of therngrave. \"She's gonernred, and you catching pneumonia isn't going to bring her back\" the policernsergeant continued, determined to get through to his young friend. \"I know\"rnAbberline replied, his voice belaying his deep rooted sadness, and then herneventually turned his sorrowful gaze to his friend. Godley sighed; he had neverrnseen such pain so openly etched on someone's face. He hated to see the youngerrnman so lost in sorrow, yet he knew it would take the police inspector a longrntime to get over the death of his wife and newborn son, if he ever would atrnall. It was all that the man had ever wanted, to haverna loving family of his own, someone to love and care for and hold him when hernwas down, and a child to continue his name. Yet fate had stepped in, and justrnas everything was coming together for the man, the gods had cruelly stolen awayrnevery scrap of happiness the man had. \"Come onrnFred, let me take you home\" Godley prompted, wanting to help his friend in anyrnway he could, even if it was just making sure that he changed into dry clothesrnand ate a little. \"Home isn'trnhome without Victoria\" Abberline whispered, more to himself than to his friend,rnyet Peter heard the utterance and felt what was left of his heart shatter intorna million pieces. \"Then myrnfriend it is decided that you shall come home with me and stay with me andrnElizabeth\" Peter told the slight man, in a tone that clearly allowed no roomrnfor argument. \"I can'trnimpose on you and your family it's not right. Besides I have got to get used tornbeing alone sooner or later\" the young man protested, just as Godley had knownrnthat he would. Frederick tiredly rubbed his hand across his face, herntruly was exhausted he had barely slept a wink since the news of the loss ofrnhis wife and child, and the strain was clearly showing on his face. \"Aye yourndo, but that's not to say that it is today\" Peter replied, then half lead andrnhalf dragged the smaller man towards the awaiting coach, pushing hi up gently,rnleaving him no choice but to comply. Peter Godley was determined not to let hisrnfriend out of his sight, Abberline was emotionally spent, and was quicklyrnheading for a spiral of self destruction, and Peter wanted to avoid that at allrncosts. The ride in the coach passed in silence, both men lost in their thoughts.rnAbberline's mingled with despair, at the thought of never seeing his wife'srnjoyful smile again. The thought that he never knew his son,rnnever got to hold the baby in his arms. Never got to teach him to readrnor write and now he never would. When the carriage came to a stop, both menrnalighted wordlessly, and Godley took the lead as he headed to the door of hisrnfamily's home. Elizabeth Godley had always thought very highly of her husband superiorrnofficer. He was a very intelligent man, yet he used his gifts to help othersrnrather than for personal gain. So many of the men in the police service foughtrnjustice with their fists rather than with their brain, yet Frederick proved himself to be the exception.rnElizabeth had been amongst the first to offer her congratulations when Victoriarnhad agreed to become Fred's wife, and the first to show condolence when she wasrntaken from their World, it was because of this that Godley had no doubt in hisrnmind that his friend would be a welcome guest in their house, in fact it wouldrnprobably be more of a battle convincing the woman to allow Abberline to leavernwhen the time came. With that thought Godley chuckled lightly to himself, yetrnsoon sobered as the reason why they had a guest sprung to his mind. //// Just as Godleyrnhad predicted, the police inspector was welcomed with open arms, in every sensernof the word. Elizabeth had pulled the younger man into a fiercernembrace as soon as he had stepped over the threshold into their home. She heldrnhim so tight that he could barely breathe, but what shocked Godley further wasrnthat after only the briefest hesitation Abberline returned the embrace just as fully,rnclinging onto the older woman as if his life depended on it, which in some waysrnit possibly did. End ChapterrnOne I mayrncontinue this story, if I think that anyone is actually reading it. So if yournhave read this please let me know by reviewing!!!![Chapter 2] Chapter Two Thank yournall for your kind reviews of the first chapter, I wasn't very sure how thisrnstory would go down with you guys, and am very relivedrnthat some people have reads it and seemed to enjoy it! Please review! Chapter Two The nextrnweek passed in a daze for inspector Fred Abberline, his World had drawn to anrnabrupt halt the moment his beloved wife had passed on and left him. Nothingrnseemed the same anymore, he was falling deeper and deeper into depression, andrnit was going to hurt like hell when he inevitably hit the bottom. Godley wasrnforced to watch his friend oblivious display of self destruction. The youngerrnman was talking, and he slept little. He simply sat up all the time drinkingrnand smoking, barely uttering a sound, Godley could tell that his friend wasrnhurting more than he would ever know, yet he didn't know how to reach him. Ifrnhe didn't manage to get through to his superior officer soon, well he didn'trnreally wish to dwell on what would happen. //// ElizabethrnGodley stood back observing her husband's boss silently; she was worried about thernyoung man. He looked so lost, from what her husband had told her Fred hadn'trnhad the easiest of lives, with no living relatives living near enough for himrnto turn to; he was now pretty much left to face his troubles alone. Well she'drnbe damned if she was going to let his hurt eat him up from the inside, she was goingrnto make sure that he knew he had people that cared for him. Deservedly too, herrnheart broke just to look at him as he sat staring into space, yet she knew thatrnno amount of molly-coddling would cause any reaction in him. No it was time forrnsome tough love. She sighed to herself knowing that it was going to be veryrnhard to get tough with the young police inspector, but hey a woman had to dornwhat a woman had to do. She approached the still form of her friend silently,rnbut pulled no punches when she did speak to him. \"Fred whatrnare you doing still sat there?\" she asked him, deliberately keeping her tone impassive.rnHe looked surprised that she had spoken so bluntly to him; he turned to look atrnher, his unfocused deep brown eyes boring into hers. She resisted her instinctrnto flinch at the pain so obvious in their orbs, but what she was doing was necessary,rnshe had to save him from himself. \"Sorry Elizabeth, do you need some help with something?\"rnhe asked her, his voice course through lack of use, but the very fact that hernhad spoken convinced her of the merits of her idea. \"Yes Fred,rnI could do with a hand. I am doing the washing, can you help me to hang it outrnplease?\" she asked him, her tone softer now than before. He nodded beforernstaggering to his feet, as his exhaustion and lack of nourishment caught uprnwith him. He was always a slender man, but since his wife's death he had lostrnfurther weight, weight he could ill afford to lose, and his clothes nowrnliterally hung off of his skeletal frame. Elizabeth shook her head at the sorry sight,rnbut didn't comment, for she knew that Fred would simply shrug off her concerns.rnSilently the young police inspector followed his hostess through the house,rnperfectly willing to perform any of the day to day tasks as required. He was gratefulrnto the Godleys for allowing him to stay, granted he didn'trncontinually engaged them in deep conversation, in fact he had hardly spoken tornthem since the first day he had got there, but it was good to know that he wasn'trnalone. Since his wife had died he had felt a great big gaping space in hisrnheart, that no matter where his thoughts drifted or his emotions ran, would notrnbe filled. He feared that it never would be. Silently he followed the woman handingrnher the washing as she hung it up, not a word passed between them. When theyrnhad run out of washing to hang out to dry, Elizabeth turned to look at thernsolemn young man beside her, his pale features obvious in the harsh sunlight ofrnmid morning, he was such a good looking young man, he had so much to offerrnothers, yet somehow she knew he would allow himself to love anyone so fullyrnagain. \"Come onrnFred, let's go and have an early lunch\" she told him, and before he could arguernat all she had grabbed him by the arm and practically dragged him back into thernkitchen. Before he knew it she had prepared him a thick meat and salad sandwichrnand was propelling back towards the armchair, plate and mug of tea in hand. Shernsat beside him with her own meal, but didn't take a bite, instead she watchedrnhim. He stared at the food as if it were poison. \"Come on Fred, eat it, it won'trnkill you\" she told him, pleading internally that he would finally eat something.rnAbberline sighed his appetite had deserted him the day of his wife's death, andrnhadn't returned, yet he knew that Elizabeth would watch him like a hawk untilrnhe at least attempted to eat. Reluctantly he picked up half of the sandwich,rnand raised it to his lips, taking a small nibble from the bread. He chewed andrnattempted to swallow, yet it may as well have been sawdust, as he struggled tornchew it and swallow it past the lump in his throat. Finally he managed tornswallow the morsel down, and looked up at Elizabeth, to see if she was satisfied at hisrnefforts, she merely raised an eyebrow at him, showing him the obvious answer tornhis unasked question. He sighed a long suffering sighrnand slowly began to eat the remainder of his food. Only when he had finishedrndid she turn her attention to her own food, when she had finished Fred took herrnplate from her, and went and washed up the dishes, leaving them on the side torndrain. She smiled to herself, satisfied that she had finally got him to eat something,rnand that he was at last moving voluntarily. When he returned, he had a littlernbit of colour back in his thin face. She felt even more relieved when he camernback into the room, and looked her in the eye. \"I amrnreally tired, would you mind if I went to lie down for a while?\" he asked herrnsoftly, she smiled gently at him. \"Go on uprnFred, I'll wake you when dinner is ready\" she responded, walking towards him,rnand wordlessly pulling him into an embrace, keen to offer him any comfort she could.rnE smiled tiredly at her, despite the feeling behind it, it still didn't reachrnhis expressive eyes. He carefully leant forward and placed a tender kiss on herrncheek, then turned and slowly made his way upstairs, to get some much neededrnsleep, and hopefully escape his demons. End ChapterrnTwo Now I amrnstill not sure whether to continue this or not, please review if you wantrnmore!![Chapter 3] ChapterrnThree Thank yournall for your kind reviews and e-mails about this I amrnreally pleased that people seem to be enjoying it and reading it! I am sorry itrnhas been so long since I have updated but if I get enough reviews I should bernposting the last few chapter to this story in the nextrnweek or so. Pleasernreview!! Chapter Three FredrnAbberline lay on his bed in silence, his mind playing through images as sleeprnbeckoned him. Memories flittered in his mind one by one his wedding day, the dayrnhe was told his beloved wife was with child and the day she died, pain spearedrnthough his consciousness as if it was that day, his heart shattered never to berncompletely repaired, his mind never truly leaving that day. Hisrneyes never holding the sparkle again, his stomach feeling empty. He satrnup, now fully awake, his memories and nightmares combining into one, hauntingrnhim in his sleep. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and cradled his headrnin his hands, he didn't know how much more he could take, whether awake orrnsleeping his mind and heart were lost to his beloved wife he couldn't thinkrnwithout her, he couldn't smile without her, and he couldn't breath without her. ElizabethrnGodley fell straight into her husband's embrace the moment that he step footrnthrough the door to his house. \"What'srnthat in aid of?\" Peter asked confused, but pleased to see his wife looking sornhappy. \"I thinkrnFred is finally getting better. He helped me with the washing today, and thenrnhe ate lunch. Now he is upstairs sleeping\" she told him, a big grin across herrnface. Peter looked at her for a moment, then took holdrnof each of her arms. \"Do yournmean you asked him to help you with the washing, then you force fed him lunchrnand then he went upstairs for a lay down top escape you?\" he asked her softly,rnand her gaze dropped to the floor. Peter chuckled he understood his wife morernthan anybody he had ever known. \"Its okay, maybe he needs bullying sometimes\"rnhe tried to console her, she looked up and he could tell that she was upset. \"I didn't bullyrnhim honestly! I just thought that he would heel quicker with a littlernpersuasion\" she told him. \"You arernmore than likely right my dear. Fred needs someone to show him the right way, Victoria was his whole life for a very longrntime, he just need to learn to live for himself and as himself rather than asrnpart of a two\" he told her, and she nodded sadly. \"Could yourndo that?\" she asked her husband, he looked away from her, his expressionrnunreadable even to someone that knew him as well as she did. \"No, no myrndear I don't think I could. What's more I hope to hell that I never have to\" herntold her, pulling her closer to him and holding her tight once more thankingrnhis lucky stars that he had her, and praying to god for his dear friend to findrnsome way of living through his pain. Fred sat inrnthe same position for quite some time until his weakened body drew up enoughrnenergy to struggle to his feet, the dizziness that he was accustomed to livingrnwith day to day assailed his senses once again and he leant against the doorrnpost for support whilst the spell passed enough for him to continue normalrnmovement. Once he had got his breath back enough and his vision had ceasedrnswimming in front of his eyes he made his way back down the narrow stair case,rnknowing that he most likely looked as bad as he felt he went straight out intornthe toilet where the little he had managed to consume in the last few days leftrnhis stomach as he heaved over the bowl. He bit back on the sob that threatenedrnto escape him, when had life come to this? A grown man a mere month ago happilyrnmarried to the only woman he had ever loved, a child on the way and a solidrncareer ahead of them. Now here he was alone in the world with no family andrnhardly any friends, too afraid to even return to his marital home alone. Hernrested his head again the hard wood, and allowed his mind to close, yet it didn'trnlast long before his wife's screams reverberated around his skull, remindingrnhim that his worst nightmares were in fact his life. End ChapterrnThree Pleasernreview!!!![Chapter 4] ChapterrnFour Thank yournall once again for your reviews, it really means a lot to me! Please keep themrncoming, there isn't much more of this fic to come, but please keep your supportrncoming because I do have another one to post after this. ChapterrnFour Abberlinernremained in his self imposed prison for some time, his mind lost to memories ofrnthe past, the overwhelming joy he had felt on his wedding day now overshadowedrnfor eternity by the torture filled screams of agony his wife emitted as shernstruggled for life whilst desperately trying to save their child. He closed hisrneyes and gasped as a soul deep pain wracked through his body, he slumpedrnforward to his knees, and clutched his pounding head in his hands, his eyesrnfilling with moisture that continually spilt down his cheeks. His whole lifernended in that one day a part of him would never breathe again, and he knew thatrnthat pain would remain with him for ever more. His energyrnspent Fred rested his head on his drawn up knees, the nausea still making hisrnstomach swirl, and the dizziness kept his head spinning despite his positionrnsat still on the floor. He hated what he had become, he hated the hand that faternhad dealt him, and he hated that he couldn't even bluff his way out of it tornwin the hand. He rubbed his hands over his exhausted face, he honestly didn'trnknow how much longer he could take this pain for, every time his heart beat inrnhis chest it broke a little bit more, for it only reminded him of his beautifulrnwife who lay rotting in the ground all of the life drained out of her. Whyrncouldn't it just have been him? Had he been so evil in life that he deserved thernagony inflicted with every passing moment? He was slowing killing himself, andrnin some ways he knew it yet didn't feel inclined to stop, maybe a part of himrntruly wished to leave behind the suffering and join his loving wife and sonrnwith God, and maybe he just didn't give a damn anymore. He gasped asrna pain tore through his stomach, and his arm wrapped around his middle tryingrnto squeeze out the throbbing, he squeezed his eyes shut trying to lose his mindrnto the World around him, and just concentrate on breathing. Yet the spasmsrncontinued his whole body shaking with the exertion of staying awake through thernagony. The sweat ran down his haunted face, and he shuddered as though cold,rnfinally he allowed his eyes to drift shut and gave in to the darkness \"Do yournthink we should go and check on him, he has been in there for quite a while?\" Elizabeth asked her husband, her concern forrntheir friend evident in her strained tone. Peter looked at her, yet couldn'trndeny that he too was worried. He sighed deeply, leant forward and placed a softrnkiss on his wife's forehead and then spun on his heel and strode out of the housernto the outhouse. He took a deep breath and then raised his fist and rapped onrnthe door, when no response came, he knocked again. He sighed when yet again nornanswer came from behind the door. \"Fred? Fredrnare you all right in there?\" he called out, yet his friend did not answer,rnthough Peter could have sworn he did hear a sound, and it was a sound that madernhis blood turn to ice in veins. He heard a strangled sob that came from arntortured throat, if he hadn't already decided then that sound would have beenrnenough to make up his mind. With one firm shove with his large frame and the doorrnwas open, yet Godley could not step any further through the door, for laying onrnthe floor spread-eagled on the cold dirty floor was an unconscious FredrnAbberline, his pale face glazed in sweat and his entire form trembling. End ChapterrnFour A littlernshort I know, but I wanted to end on a little bit of a cliffie!! Pleasernreview!!![Chapter 5] Chapter Five Hey guys, sorry for the extremely long delay I am reallyrnsorry to keep you waiting but thank you all for the fantastic response to thisrnstory, please please keep the reviews coming! Chapter Five After a moment's hesitation Godley stepped into the tinyrnspace, and as gently as he could, lifted the much smaller man into his arms.rnHis concern raised a notch further when Fred didn't stir in the slightest atrnthe movement. He carefully made his way back into the house, making his ascentrnup the creaky staircase before gently lowering his precious cargo down on tornthe bed. Once he was sure that Fred would not shake hard enough to roll off thernbed, he dashed back out to get Elizabeth and some medical supplies. FHFHFHFHFHFHFH The music played on as he swirled her in his strong embrace.rnTheir eyes locked together, minds lost to a wealth of emotions, hearts richrnbeyond monetary value. Everyone watched as the two danced their first waltz asrnman and wife, yet neither of them noticed for they only had thoughts for each otherrnand their future together. On the edge of the dance floor a large dark hairedrnman stood, his eyes gleaming in his happiness for the two, stood directly beforernhim was the woman who had long ago captured his heart and never once given itrnback since. \"They are going to be so happy together\" Peter whispered tornhis beloved wife, and she glanced back to him, revealing the tears streamingrndown her fair face. \"Elizabeth whatever is the matter?\" the Scot asked her inrnconcern. \"I am just so happy that Fred has found somebody that lovesrnhim the way that I love you\" she replied, before reaching up on tip toe andrnplanting a soft kiss on his lips, just as the newly wedded couple did the same. FHFHFHFHFHFHFH Elizabeth blinked back the tears that threatened to fall onrnto the young man laid out before her. Fred was a sorry state indeed. He laid arntrembling wreck a shadow of the man that he was on that wonderfully happy dayrnjust a few years previously. The police inspector had lost so much weight inrnthe last month, and his eyes were sunken in his pale face. The older woman tookrna deep breath and wiped her face before stepping up to the task at hand. \"Get his clothes off for me Peter please? I shall wait outrnside and you can call me when you are ready\" she told her husband in asrncommanding of a tone as possible. Peter obeyed instantly, moving forward beforernhis wife had even left the room. He sighed as he gently lifted the younger manrnup and somehow managed to remove his waistcoat. He then unbuttoned the whiternshirt and went to work getting that off of the thin frame in front of him, hernsighed once more as he realised just how thin the man had gotten. Frederick hadrnalways been slender, but he had also had a hidden power of lean muscle wellrndefined, yet now there was barely a scrap of flesh on his bones, something thatrnhe knew that Elizabeth would be more than willing to work on. Once the youngerrnman's torso was naked, he began undoing his breeches and soon his friend wasrnlaying just in his underwear, Peter pulled the blanket up to cover his friend tornhis waist and then promptly beckoned his wife in. Elizabeth took one look atrnthe younger man and the tears once more threatened to fall. \"What do you think is wrong with him?\" Peter asked softly. \"I don't know, I should imagine that it is a combination ofrnthings. The poor lad has barely eaten a morsel of food for weeks and his isrnmore than likely exhausted. Most of all he is soul weary and his body cannotrnkeep up with the deep hurt in his heart\" Elizabeth responded, placing a soakingrncloth of the sweat soaked forehead of the sorrowful figure in front of her. Shernthen pulled the sheets and blanket up the bed to his chin, tucking the coversrntightly around the shivering form. \"Sleep well my sweet prince\" she whisperedrnbefore placing a soft kiss on his cheek. End Chapter Five Please, please, please review! ","Summary":" PersonalrnHell By SharronrnIbbitson Disclaimer:rnNo the characters don't belong to me although I wo"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Ripper: Blood Lust","Author":"SMHBubbles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3136983","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The story that follows is completely and utterly owned by me. The only things I do not own is the general idea of Jack the Ripper. However, in this story the portrayal of Jack and all other characters are my own and are not to be used without my permission. The street mentioned here is fictional, any similarities to the street or any other aspects are purely coincidental. Enjoy PROLOGUE Before you continue I want you to forget every theory you have ever heard about Jack the Ripper. I want you to unfold this story without any previous knowledge of who – and what – he was. If all you knew was that he murdered countless prostitutes and was never caught, then that's perfect. That's all you really need to know at this point. My name is Alex. I was born as Alexandra Kent, in a small town just outside of London, about a hundred years before Jack the Ripper. My mother and father died when I was very young, and I lived with my grandmother and younger sister until the day I died. Let me back up for you a little, I'm sorry if I may have startled you. My family was very poor, and we would be lucky to have a loaf of bread on the table each night as our dinner. Many times we went to bed trying to ignore the hunger pains, and trying not to cry in desperation. In all sense, my life was going nowhere. If not for my family – what little I had left – I might have thrown myself into the Thames. Some days I wonder how differently things would have turned out I had done just that. Truthfully it would probably have made little difference to the world you see every day, but it would have made all the difference to the world I saw. You see, shortly after my nineteenth birthday my dreary life was changed forever, and I do not say that to be boastful. No, the prince did not all madly in love with me nor did we discover gems in our yard. What happened to me was the worst possible thing I can think of. Worse even, than death. My grandfather had given me what few money we had so that I could go into the city to buy something for my sister, as her eleventh birthday was rapidly approaching. I had taken the money without a second thought. After all, what was a trip to town going to do? How naïve I had been. After I foolishly managed to get myself thoroughly lost in the darker part of the city, I realized how eerie it was. The sun had long ago set, and what little light there was came from the flickering glow of the gas lamps that lit the street every few feet. I had been to London many times after dark, but it had never bothered me before. This time I felt chills run up and down my spine, with each step wishing I had taken a left instead of a right. A movement behind me caused me to freeze under a street lamp. In reality this was not the best place to stand, seeing as whoever they were could clearly see me, while I was staring into darkness. I wish I could tell you that when I was attacked I fought back, that I didn't give up without a fight. I wish I could, but I can't. I never saw it coming, and in the next ten seconds I was grabbed from behind and had my throat ripped out. Literally. The next thing I knew I was looking up at a tall, vacant looking building wondering when my life would turn around – for the better. I wanted so badly for it to all be a dream, a hideous dream. But no, each word they spoke to me made it even more real, and the truth so much more horrifying. I don't think it was the fact that I was dead that bothered me. No, I think it was that not only was I dead, but that I was among the living as well. I am sad to say that I was now one of them , the undead that my grandmother had so often told me stories about. I had never believed her, nor listened as she rambled on about them. Perhaps it would have done me better to have paid her attention. From that day forth I was no longer a poor, simple farm girl. I was now one of the fifty-four vampires that lived in the heart of London. And with that immortality came a terrible burden, a burden we called Blood Lust. ONE Night fell softly over the city of London, as residents prepared to retire to their beds, turning off their gas lamps and changing out of their clothes. True, in the nicer parts of the city people slept. But there was none among them that did not wonder about the murders that now haunted their city. In the seedier side of London, pubs were open late, serving up liquor to any who entered the door. Drunks laughed gaily, swinging their mugs above their heads in a lively manner. A few sat along in the corners, reading the evening paper. The title declared that yet another young detective sought to apprehend the infamous Jack the Ripper, who was feared by all in this part of town. Looking at this particular pub you wouldn't have thought that someone had been killed only a few streets away the previous day. In fact, once the initial shock of the third (or was it fourth?) murder wore down, each subsequent one meant little to them. Back in the richer side of town there was a street by the name of Harding, and on this street there was a house. Not just any house though, the monstrosity spanned the entire block, surrounding all sides with cold brick and windows that were always shuttered. This house had often caused whispered discussions at social gatherings, for no one had ever seen a soul enter in or out of the mansion. But they knew it was occupied by the lights that were on occasionally. In spite of all the mystery, none suspected that Jack the Ripper could be living inside those very walls. After all, there was no chance that such a murder could be residing near the rich, and so they felt safe. A young woman peered out a window on the topmost floor of the building, watching the few who still roamed at this time of night. Her name was Alex, she was nineteen. She had been nineteen for one hundred years. Her black hair, wavy and loose, was a shocking contrast to her pale skin. Her eyes, a deep blue, were the most expressive part of her. To any who glanced her way it would appear that she was tired and needed rest. But she had been tired for so many long years. It was not fatigue that caused her weariness; it was the emptiness of her life. She stood, pulling her black silk robe around her tightly, trying in vain to turn away the chills she was feeling. It was the same feeling she had gotten the previous night when the woman had been murdered. It was the same feeling she got every night since the chain killing had started. Barefooted, she stepped down the stairs quietly. Glancing at a small clock on the wall, she noticed how early it was now. The sun would rise in only two hours. She tried to mentally count the residents she had seen leave the house, and tried to determine which of them had not returned. They had a strict curfew here in the House of Grenger, so as not to lose any souls to the sunlight that they all feared. Forty-five; that was how many vampires resided here now. Since the previous leader of the house had been slain eighty years earlier, they had steadily lost a few of their own each year. Now that Alex was one of the co-leaders, she had placed rules upon the house in a desperate attempt to prevent any more casualties. They hadn't lost anyone in twenty years. She carefully lifted the lid of the icebox and scanned the contents. It was filled to the top with milk bottles, but they were filled with blood. Each was marked with a color on the lid. The red ones – which took up the majority of the space – were human blood. The blue ones were filled with animal blood. These were hers. When she had been appointed the next leader by Harold – the previous ruler – there had been an enormous outburst among a few of the residents. They all liked Alex just fine, but it was common knowledge that her customs were varied from theirs. Since her turning she had refused to consume any human blood, instead she received shipments of animal blood from a butcher across town. But soon enough everyone eased into the acceptance that she was now in charge of their safety. Since Harold's rule the vampires of London had no need to kill for blood. One of their own worked a night shift at the local hospital. Shortly after a patient died she would harvest the blood and send it to them. Gathered, it was not the freshest method, but it did grant them safety, and it prevented anymore souls from joining them. She leaned against the marble counter and sipped slowly from her glass. She was still trying to determine if everyone in the house had returned when another entered the kitchen. She didn't look up as the figure moved silently over to the icebox. She knew everyone by their footsteps. \"Hello John,\" she said quietly. He jumped a little, surprised to see her sitting there so silently. \"Alex, I didn't know anyone would be in here,\" She smiled, \"It's perfectly all right.\" He lifted out a glass – one of her's, \"May I—?\" She was startled at this question. Never before had anyone else shown any signs of wanting to switch to her drink. She nodded slowly, \"By all means, please.\" He popped off the lid and leaned against the ice chest, eyeing her as he drank. \"How long have you been—\" she started. \"Three weeks,\" he seemed nervous, \"I'm sorry I didn't tell you, but I didn't want you to be disappointed if, you know, it didn't work out.\" \"No, it's fine. It's just; no one has ever wanted to try it before. Why did you?\" He traced the lip of the glass with a finger, brow furrowed, \"I don't want to be a monster anymore.\" She set her glass on the counter and walked over to him, placing an arm around his shoulder she whispered, \"You're not a monster John. This is just who you are, who we are.\" He shrugged her off and walked across the room, looking at the tightly closed shutters, \"Then why do I feel like one?\" Alex could not answer this question. She had taken an immediate liking to John ever since he became one of them several years ago. She had never seen someone who had so easily taken in the fact that they were no longer living. Most newborns would scream and deny it all, but he had only nodded and accepted. He wasn't like the others, not at all. He had been twenty-four when he was turned ten years ago. He had left behind his wife and son, both who had no idea why he had vanished. Alex knew that of all the things he missed most in this world, they could never add up to the pain of leaving your loved ones to survive on their own. She had felt this way when she had left her own family, however small and broken it may have been. Another pair of footsteps entered the kitchen, this time they carried a gas lamp with them. The visitor – a redheaded girl named Diana – seemed surprised to see both of them up, but smiled all the same. She had been here longer than Alex, and was only three years older when she had died. Her short hair and green eyes often turned newcomers away from getting to know her. Alex liked Diana a lot; she had been one of the first few people to make her feel truly welcome in the house. Diana also retrieved a bottle for herself. \"It seems like everyone is thirsty tonight aren't they?\" she eyed Alex, also knowing that something felt off. As she poured the blood into a clean glass she casually asked, \"I wonder, where could Jack be so late at night?\" Alex sighed, of course, of all the vampires that decided to rebel against her rules it was Jack. She couldn't really blame him, as co-leader he wasn't entitled to obey any of her demands, but she would have hoped he wouldn't be stupid enough to be out this late. Alex sipped her drink and frowned, \"Yes, I wonder.\" Ж A dark, solitary figure made their way down the cobbled side street, the sound their boots made echoing off the alley walls. A rat scurried out in front of him and he kicked it away. 'Filthy creatures,' he thought disgustedly. He turned sharply around the corner and entered the local bar. It was nearing closing time, but there were still a few who managed to stick around as long as possible, begging for a free drink or two. He sat on the closest stool to the door, away from everyone else. He didn't have to wait long before a scantily dressed woman took the seat beside him. \"Care to buy me a drink, stranger?\" He gave a little smile, \"It would be my pleasure.\" He ordered her a drink and tried his best to look pleased with her company. He couldn't help looking at her and thinking of how low she had sunk to earn a living. Each time she touched his arm he had to prevent himself from shuddering. After all, he was a man of stature; he shouldn't be caught for a second in a place like this, let alone with a woman like her. A few moments later she was following him down the alley again, thoroughly drunk and disoriented. She didn't seem to find it strange when they stopped near a garbage can and a cat's carcass. She smiled a crooked smile, and the man cringed to see her rotting teeth, but he forced himself to smile back. When she had turned for a brief moment to gather their location, he swiftly placed his hands around her neck and twisted it sharply to the right, breaking it and causing her to slump over, paralyzed. He didn't try to catch her body as it fell to the ground, he didn't have time for that. Besides, she wasn't deserving of any dignity. He leaned over her and nearly gagged on the rotting stench of her perfume. He could feel her quiver slightly under his cold touch and whispered in her ear. \"Don't worry love; his will only hurt for a second.\" His teeth ripped easily through her skin, slicing her jugular vein. She gasped briefly before turning silent and limp. He fed quickly, knowing he would not have enough time to drain her completely. When he had finished he pulled a small, silver stake from his cloak pocket. He thrust it into her stomach, watching grimly as the flesh around it smoldered and hissed. After a few moments he pulled it out and placed it alongside her. He pulled out a scalpel he had stolen from one of his previous victims (a high end doctor who had snooped around too much) and quickly finished the job. He would have to remove all signs of puncture, or else someone would get suspicious. As he made his way quickly down the street he tossed his collection to a couple of dogs that were chained in a nearby yard. The police would never be able to trace it. As for the stake, he would wash it later. It was made especially for him, with a cork grip so that the silver would not touch his skin. He couldn't afford to leave it behind. As calmly as he had exited, he slipped silently through the mansion's front door. Just as the sun started to rise over the city. so...I know that must have seemed very odd, but I would very much like to hear what other people think.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Same as before. Reminder: This is only a draft, several parts will eventually be gone over and fleshed out a bit more.[Chapter 3] THREE John wearily opened his eyes to see the maple covering of his four poster bed. His eyes fell to the side, past the silk curtains (pulled back now by gold tassels) and saw Alex, sitting in a chair right beside him. She smiled, \"Hey, you had us a scared for a while. How are you feeling?\" He tried to move his leg but felt sharp bolts of pain shoot up it. He groaned and relaxed his muscles, staring off into space. She frowned, \"John?\" she reached out and touched his hand gently, \"John what is it?\" \"He attacked me,\" he whispered, more to himself than to Alex, \"My own son—\" Alex sighed and stroked his hand gently, \"If there's anyone to blame, it's me. I shouldn't have convinced you to go there,\" He looked at her intently, \"No, I'm glad you did. I needed to see them, one last time,\" his face fell sadly, \"even if they didn't know it was me.\" He glanced down at the bed sheets, \"What happened? Shouldn't I be—?\" \"Dead?\" she laughed in spite of the situation, \"The silver didn't penetrate deep enough to harm you severely, but if it had gone through your chest…\" she trailed off, not needing to tell him what would have happened. \"You saved me, didn't you?\" She paused, caught up in the steady watch of his deep brown eyes. She noticed then how his hair (the rich color of hazelnut) hung loosely in his face now, giving him the appearance of being much younger than twenty four. \"It's my duty John, you know that. I have to protect the people in this house. That's what I'm here for,\" she smiled and stood, going to the dresser to fetch a vial for him to drink from. She solemnly handed it to him and he hesitated before taking it. \"It's mine, if that's what you're wondering,\" she said in a low voice. He smiled and took a deep drink. Placing the vial on the nightstand he glanced over at her, \"Jack wouldn't like that. He thinks your drink is weak.\" \"I know, I know,\" she said almost wishfully, \"But I can't force you to drink human blood if you don't want to.\" He chuckled, \"Well I definitely don't want to.\" His face became serious, \"Seriously Alex, thank you. If it wasn't for you I'd be gone .\" He put special emphasis on the word— gone . It was true, she knew it. If she hadn't been there he'd either have been stabbed to death or eaten alive when the sun rose. But if I hadn't been there, neither would he. She shook the thought from her mind, the same guilty thought that had been nagging at her since she had bandaged him up hours ago. \"Does Jack know?\" he asked quietly. She sighed heavily, \"Yes, unfortunately. He's furious with me for bending the rules just so you could have 'a teary reunion,' his words not mine.\" She shrugged, \"but he'll just have to accept that I have just as much power around here as he has.\" Even if he is a pureblood. She didn't share this last thought with John. He had only been a vampire for ten years, not long enough to know about the different breeds of their kind, and the status that came with it. He didn't need to know right now, not until the time was right. Jack was a pureblood, born as a vampire. He had been born of Harold and Greta, the two previous regents. Alex had been a vampire for twenty years when Jack had been born. She had still been too young to understand the significance of the pureblood line. At least one regent was to be a pureblood; that was the law of the vampires. It was tradition for the two reigning regents to bear a child, perhaps more. Alex could remember watching as Jack grew up, two years for every ten mortal ones until he reached twenty-six. After that he would cease to age entirely. His mother had died thirty years after his birth, from drinking blood of a poisoned woman. After his father was killed he was left as the next regent, along with Alex. Alex had been chosen to be regent for very special reasons. Reasons she did not readily give out. John saw her pondering absently and decided to inquire about this, \"Alex?\" She snapped back to reality and looked at him, \"Do you need something?\" she asked kindly, although she was a little irritated at being jostled from her thoughts. \"Can I ask you something?\" She nodded slowly, wondering what on earth he could want to know. He paused for a second before asking softly, \"How did you become regent?\" She only stared at him for the longest time, thoughts racing for an answer she could give him. Why had he asked this? Why now of all times? It couldn't have been that obvious she was thinking about it. She bit her lip before answering carefully, \"Harold and Greta – the regents before me – trusted me, that's all.\" He furrowed his brow, \"So Harold gave it to you, a regular run of the mill vampire, and not to his son first?\" Alex started, \"What?\" He laughed softly, \"What do you think I did all those times in the library? I know enough about what happened to get the general idea.\" \"What do you know?\" she was curious to see just how vast his information was. He shrugged, \"Only that Jack was Harold and Greta's son, and that they had another one as well,\" he eyed her slyly. She froze, no one in this house under fifty years of age knew about Donavan. She swallowed and leaned in closer to him, \"If you mention anything to anyone in this house, I will personally stake you.\" She rose and exited the room, leaving a slightly baffled John staring after her. Ж Alex spent the rest of the day carefully ripping pages from library books. It had never occurred to her that the information she wanted hidden could be so easily accessed. She knew she couldn't throw them away, lest a mortal decided to dig through the trash. So she placed them – folded neatly – in the pages of a book no one would touch, titled Science in Motion. Newborns may be interested in the past history of the clan, but she could rest easy knowing the pages were somewhere so unappealing. The door opened quickly and she jumped a little at being intruded upon. She blinked when she saw it was John. He had a crutch under his arm and limped slowly over to her. She cursed their natural ability to heal so quickly, but smiled. \"Feeling better?\" He frowned, \"I should be asking you. You really went off on me earlier.\" She turned and discretely slipped the book back in its place, staling. \"Well John, you did upset me.\" \"I know, and I apologize. I should have known better than to mention it to you.\" \"No, you didn't know better. That's just it. You're a newborn, you can't be blamed.\" He sighed, \"When does the title of 'newborn' diminish?\" She smiled to herself as she rearranged some of the books, \"When you're not the newest one here.\" He rolled his eyes and sat in an armchair, \"With you in charge I'll be a newborn until I'm a hundred.\" She laughed softly but didn't respond. Inside she was deeply troubled by his comment. It could be taken either way, as an insult or a compliment. She didn't know which one to choose. She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, \"Well, I don't think I'm that good.\" He frowned, \"What do you mean?\" She brushed a cloak of dust off an old volume, \"Well if I had things my way, there wouldn't be anymore newborns. I don't consider what we are a blessing, even if Jack thinks of it that way.\" \"That is what he tells us.\" She turned around quickly, almost violently, \"Jack is a pureblood, he knows nothing of the lives we once lived. He doesn't miss anything; he doesn't remember things like the sun. He has no right to tell us that our fate is a good thing.\" He watched her as she continued to tidy up, not having anything to answer to something like that. He had had no idea that Alex felt so strongly about the subject. Actually, he had never heard her mention anything about it. From the moment he had entered this house he had been told that he was blessed to be immortalized as a vampire. He had never thought of it as a curse, aside from when he thoughts about his previous life. Alex finished with her meaningless tasks and smiled at him, moving to pass him to the exit. Surprisingly, he stopped her by grabbing her arm gently. \"Alex,\" he asked softly and she looked up, keeping a solemn face on, \"Please don't blame yourself for what happened.\" She smiled as he let go of her arm, \"I don't,\" she lied. He smiled back, taking in her words as the truth. It hurt her to see that he trusted her so much, and here she was lying. It isn't a big lie though, just a little white one to make him feel better. She told herself these things, although they didn't make her feel any better about the situation. She brushed past him gently, \"I need to go—check something in the kitchen.\" Another lie, you're on a roll. She chose this time to ignore the voice and indeed headed to the kitchen, almost as if to prove her own subconscious wrong. She sighed and picked up a glass and a rag, absently polishing the rim. A speck of blood was stained on, and she rubbed the spot over and over. But no matter how hard she rubbed, the spot stayed on, as if mocking her. Frustrated, she gave a scream and hurled the glass against the wall, watching as it shattered into pieces. Crying now, she bent down and carefully picked up the pieces. She fought to control herself as she threw away the pieces and rubbed away the scratch on the wall. She didn't know she was being watched until she turned around to see Jack eyeing her with one brow raised. She gave a startled gasp and stopped, \"Jack,\" He watched her carefully, \"Everything alright?\" She knew lying to him was the last thing she felt like doing right now, so she replied curtly, \"Aside from the fact that John now knows all about you and Donavan?\" Jack frowned, \"How could he?\" \"Well I don't know Jack, whose idea was it to put all that information in the library?\" she said sarcastically. \"Ah,\" he said, not knowing how else to respond, \"That could be a problem. How much does he know?\" \"Enough.\" She answered shortly. The door bell rang, echoing through the now quiet house. Most of the residents had already departed for the evening. \"I'll be getting that, shall I?\" she brushed past him towards the door, hearing as he climbed the stairs to the second story. I'm surprised he hasn't already headed out for the evening. She opened the door with no thought whatsoever to who would be on the doorstep. But when she saw the teen standing there, she froze. Mathew stared back at her; as if unbelieving that he had found her. Alex too stared back, trying to focus on the fact that John's son was standing five feet away from her. She closed the door behind her and stepped onto the stoop. \"What are you doing here?\" she hissed. He blinked, and after a moment answered, \"I know.\" She wasn't in the mood, \"I suppose you do. Is there anything I can help you with? How did you find us anyway?\" He shrugged, \"I know a guy.\" He looked her over, something that made Alex very uneasy, \"So—you're one of them too?\" \"Excuse me?\" He sighed and look quickly to the streets, making sure no one was there, \"You know – a vampire.\" Every nerve in her body froze as he stated this so casually, as if it wasn't unnatural. He chuckled a little, \"Yeah, I'm not stupid miss. I got a pretty good look at his teeth.\" She regained herself quickly, \"Yes, I imagine you would, seeing how he was screaming in pain. You know – when you stabbed him.\" She said coldly. Mathew shuffled his feet, \"Look, I was in shock ok? I didn't really expect my father to show up on my doorstep in the middle of the night.\" \"Well I apologize, but daylight wasn't exactly convenient.\" She said in the same tone as before. \"Is he—alright?\" he asked timidly, most likely the reason he had come in the first place. \"He'll be fine, now is there anything else?\" she was eager to get rid of him. \"Can I speak to him?\" \" Absolutely not!\" she shouted sharply, not caring now if anyone heard her. All she wanted was to be rid of this pest before Jack decided to head out. She didn't feel like explaining this to Jack, it was bad enough she had to lie about how John had injured himself in the first place (slipping and falling on a silver post). He recoiled from her quickly, losing his balance on a step and stumbling a bit. She was breathing heavily when the door opened. Terrified that she had been caught, she whirled around to see John standing there, looking awfully confused. He looked from his son to Alex and back again. \"Mathew?\" he asked, almost in disbelief that his son was standing on the doorstep to his home, without a weapon. \"Hello father,\" he answered hoarsely. \"John—\" Alex started He hushed her and started out the door on his crutch, never taking his eyes off of Mathew. \"John you really shouldn't be—\" He turned his head and looked at her with those eyes of his, and she sighed, \"Alright, ten minutes, that's it.\" She turned and hurried into the house, only to see Jack grabbing his coat. Her mind raced for a way to stall him as he looked up and gave her a quick smile. She rushed towards him and stopped him, placing a hand on his arm, \"Jack, why do you have to go out tonight? Stay here, with me.\" She looked up at him innocently. He paused midway through pulling his coat on and eyed her, \"What's gotten into you?\" he asked suspiciously. She didn't care, as long as she stalled him long enough for Mathew to leave. She ran a finder down his arm gently, \"It's just that, if you leave I'll be all by myself in this big, empty house.\" \"John's here,\" he answered, she could have sworn there was a bit of hostility in his voice. She shrugged, \"I'd much rather you stay here,\" He paused for a moment, and she watched his black eyes for any hint of doubt, but they only stared back at her as they always did. He smiled and slid off his coat, \"Alright then, since you insist.\" She smiled back, relieved that she had detoured him from the front door, and thus the little reunion that was taking place outside. Ж Alex was sitting by the fire when John entered the library an hour later. She looked up momentarily when he sat beside her on the couch. For a moment he didn't say anything, only watching the fire's flames flicker softly. Alex half-hoped that he wouldn't say thank you, she didn't think she could take that kind of gratitude. He started to speak but she shushed him, \"Don't say anything.\" Her eyes never left the orange-red glow of the fire, and the reflections it cast onto the marble hearth. Surprisingly, he didn't arguer with her. What was even more surprising was when he gently brushed a piece of hair behind her ear. She started a little at the contact and looked at him, puzzled. He only smiled and turned back to the fire, an arm resting on the backrest behind her. She didn't ask him to explain himself, and for some reason, when she looked back as John, she smiled in spite of herself.[Chapter 4] FOUR A week went by, and the house was abuzz with excitement for the upcoming gala, a gathering of vampires from all around the world. It took place once every ten years, in various locations. Usually it was hosted by the Eternus Rector , the Latin term for \"eternal leader.\" Each country had their own leader, but there was one – the Eternus Rector – who oversaw every vampire in the world. This duty changed either when the current leader was deceased, or there was a public outcry for change (which rarely occurred). This year, however, the new Eternus Rector was being decided (after the previous one had been overtaken by a piece of garlic bread), and Jack had kindly offered to host the gala in the ballroom of a hotel not far from the house. Everyone in the house suspected that Jack would become the next Eternus Rector, even Jack himself. But no one dared to voice this opinion out loud, for fear of causing uproar. Alex actually thought this herself, and it made her slightly uneasy to think of Jack overseeing the entire world like that. So now preparations were being made, and Alex was frantic with last minute details. The event was only three days away and she still had so much more planning to do. Some of which, did not involve the party at all. For the past two months Alex and nine others of the house had been planning to leave the house entirely. They were all sick of Jack, and wanted to flee the house before he became even more powerful. The plan was to leave during the gala. With hundreds of other vampires, it would be easy to slip out ten of them, go back to the house, grab their things, and flee. They had decided on going to Spain, and would need to leave as early as possible, for they needed to get as far away as they could before daybreak. Alex had contacts along the way that would house them during daylight, but she was still worried about what would happen to them if they were found. She wondered if Jack would go looking for her once he discovered her missing. She hoped he wouldn't, but as one of the other escapees pointed out, it was very unlikely that she would get that wish. At the last minute John had joined them, making their party the ten they now had. He was eager to leave, even though he hadn't been here very long. Alex also worried about the current murder that was sweeping through London. Over and over she wanted to deny it was Jack, but she knew it was him. She could see it in his eyes, smell it on his breath, and taste it in his kisses. She shuddered and filed away another box of invitations that had been answered with an R.S.V.P. she sighed and brushed away hair that was pasted to her forehead. It was unusually warm in the library, but it was the one place she knew she would not be disturbed. Glancing up at the wall she discovered that daylight would be approaching shortly. Standing up and stretching her achy muscles, she took another look around the room. It seemed so strange to think that in three days, they would be leaving this place forever. \"Busy?\" The voice startled her and she jumped, sending papers flying to the floor. She caught her breath and glared at John as she picked them back up. \"Yes, very.\" She said sharply, indicating that she shouldn't be disturbed. John knelt down and collected a stack of the fallen papers, placing them back upon the desk where they had been sitting; waiting for Alex to look over them. She muttered her thanks and looked back to her work. John hesitated a moment before turning around and quietly slipping out of the room. He would tell her later. As he opened the door however, Diana burst through and ran over to Alex, gripping the edge of the desk to stop herself from falling. Alex recoiled away from Diana's flushed face. She started to speak quickly, as that Alex couldn't make out a word the poor girl uttered. Alex grabbed both her shoulders and forced Diana to look at her, \"Diana, calm down. What is it?\" \"D- Donavan !\" was all Diana could utter. Alex blinked, assuming that she had heard her wrong, \"What did you say?\" Diana took a moment to breathe deeply; John eyed them both curiously from the door. When she had caught her breath she said as calmly as she could, \"Donavan is back.\" Alex didn't move for a second, but when she did she stood quickly and pushed past Diana, rushing out the door. John could hear her footsteps echo off the walls, and then as they stopped suddenly. Alex turned the corner and saw Donavan in the hallway. The now teen boy looked over at her and smiled the same eerie smile that Alex had first noticed about Jack. Like his older brother, Donavan had black hair and eyes, a mark of a pureblood. He would be about sixteen now, he had only been eight when he had left to study in Scotland. \"Hello Alex,\" he said with a smile. She took a deep breath and smiled, \"Donavan. It's good to see you; it's been a long time.\" \"Yes, too long.\" He looked around him carefully, taking in the house, \"I see you haven't changed anything since I've been gone.\" She continued to smile, although it was becoming increasingly harder, \"Not at all.\" She paused and then asked, \"What are you doing back so early, if you don't mind me asking.\" He shrugged, \"Why would I mind? You're a leader of this house, you could force the information out of me if you really wanted to.\" He chuckled, \"I came back for the gala, I'm interested in seeing who will be the next Eternus Rector will be, aren't you?\" he gave her a look that told her he knew perfectly well that it would be Jack. \"We can only wait and see,\" He hung his coat on the rack and stepped closer towards her, \"How are you Alex?\" She started, \"What?\" she asked stupidly. He smiled sympathetically at her, \"I imagine you aren't used to hearing someone else ask you that. Really though, how have you been?\" She bit her cheek momentarily, \"Fine,\" \"Just fine?\" She frowned, \"I don't have anything to feel better about Donavan.\" He nodded, \"Of course not.\" She was reminded each time she saw him how mature he acted. When Jack had been his age he had behaved like a normal teenage boy. But Donavan acted and talked much older than even Alex. \"Do you have an escort for the party yet?\" he asked casually. She forced herself to smile, \"I'm going with Jack, you know that. It's—custom.\" He smiled, \"Please dear, don't act as if custom has anything to do with it.\" He walked on past her into the kitchen. Taken aback, she followed him. Watching him examine the top of the ice chest she panicked, not wanting him to open it and ask questions. \"What did you mean by that?\" He paused midway to grasping the handle and turned to her, \"Mean by what?\" \"Your most recent comment.\" She said dryly, all etiquette lost now that he had been here for more than ten minutes. He laughed, \"Oh that. Don't ask as if you don't know, everyone else does.\" She didn't answer and he sighed, \"Everyone knows it's a tradition for the two leaders to become… romantically involved. After all, we wouldn't have purebloods then would we?\" Alex was so offended by this that she couldn't find the strength to speak. Yes, it may be true that she and Jack had been involved previously, but it wasn't as if it was serious or committed. She was still speechless as he brushed by her and collected his luggage, \"I'll just show myself to my room, shall I?\" After she had heard him climb the stairs she slumped down into the nearest chair and rubbed her throbbing temples. John entered the room and saw her, glancing up at the staircase he walked over and pulled up a chair beside her. \"That was him, wasn't it?\" \"What do you think?\" she snapped back at him. He wasn't offended by her curtness, \"What did he say?\" She was shaking, yet John was afraid to see if she was crying. She was a strong person, and right now she could easily be offended by someone suggesting she was \"weak.\" She didn't look at him, but she managed to say, \"Nothing, nothing at all.\" Alex rose quickly, upsetting the table so that it rocked a bit as she left the kitchen almost as quickly as Donavan had. She didn't go down the hall though, but out into the street. John stood and went to the shuttered window. Opening it slightly, he was startled to see her sitting on the sidewalk. And she was indeed crying. John found Diana finishing up where Alex had left off. He didn't know the young woman that well, and he knew she wasn't a part of their escape plan, but he needed to find out what was going on.[Chapter 5] FIVE The big event came upon them all too quickly. It seemed that before they knew it, they were dressing up in formal wear (black of course) and preparing to walk over to the ball room. Alex was busy helping an older woman wrestle her hair back into a bun when Diana walked in. Seeing the situation, Diana laughed and went over to relieve Alex of her task. Glancing over at her Diana stopped and frowned, \"Alex, aren't you ready?\" Alex looked down at her usual everyday clothing and laughed nervously, \"No, not just yet.\" \"Well go, get dressed,\" Diana poked her with the end of the brush, smiling. Alex gave her thanks to Diana and hurried to her own room to change. Thankfully it was empty; Jack was downstairs taking a roll call. She pulled out a simple, yet elegant, black gown from her closest and stepped into it quickly. It was traditional of the era, with only a deep scoped back that made it any different. She put her hair back in a twist and grabbed her shoes, heading downstairs to the hoard of people crammed into the tight entryway. Diana and the other woman came down behind her, and the three of them lingered on the stairway until it was time to go, not risking being suffocated below. The air was crisp as it ever was during the winter months, but not unbearable. As they walked they saw that patches of snow still lingered on the pathway from a few nights before, and a stray dog eyed them from the corner as they passed into the building. The room was as magnificent as ever, a vast ballroom almost as big as the house itself. For some reason this caused Alex's stomach to twist into knots. It made her nervous knowing how many other vampires would be arriving shortly. There would at least be a thousand, if not more. It reminded her how large the community was throughout the world, and it still amazed her that no human had ever found out about a gathering such as this. Alex stood with Jack at the entryway and greeted each guest as they arrived. Some faces were familiar, and they exchanged friendly hugs and kisses. Some faces were new, and to a point this made Alex very uneasy, knowing that these souls were now trapped forever in this endless life. Some faces from previous years did not arrive, but Alex tried to keep her mind off of it. The last group of people to arrive where the ones Alex was most fond of. She smiled warmly as the Scotland clan filed past, but when she saw the regent she smiled broadly. The man, who appeared to be around thirty-five, laughed upon seeing them. \"Jack! Alex! You two haven't aged a day!\" he clasped Jack's hand and gave Alex a warm hug. \"It's a pleasure to see you again Ross,\" Jack said professionally. \"Same here my boy, same here.\" Ross looked over at Alex, \"How have you been dear? Keeping Jack in his place are we?\" She smiled, \"I try my best,\" she ignored the fact that Jack had frowned at the Scotsman's comment. \"Well, that may be harder after tonight now won't it?\" he laughed again and escorted his lady out onto the dance floor. Alex walked slowly around the perimeter of the room with Jack. Hundreds of dancing and laughing figures swept across the floor, but Alex herself was not in a festive mood. \"He seemed very sure you were going to get the position, didn't he?\" she asked stiffly. Jack shrugged, \"Aren't we all? I've done an excellent job of keeping our own little division up; I think I can handle a little more.\" She stopped him by stepping in front of him, \"A little more? Jack, this is the entire world we're talking about, not a few extra people!\" she took a breath, \"And who's going to take your place at the house then? Not that you were much help anyway.\" He ignored her last sentence, \"I suppose you noticed that Donavan was back…\" he trailed off. She stared, \"He—he's just a child! He can't help run an entire house!\" \"Well, we'll just see about that now, won't we?\" he smiled, but it was not a friendly one. It seemed to threaten her, challenging her to defy him. As he started to pass her she quickly said, \"I wonder if they'd still give you the position knowing you're responsible for the murder of several women in the area,\" He paused before turning on her, grabbing her wrist painfully hard, leaning forward he hissed, \"If they did find out, it would be all the more tragic for you,\" stepping back a little he smiled again, same as before, \"May I have this dance?\" She didn't respond as he led her out, her mind whirling with many thoughts: Donavan becoming a regent, Jack becoming so much more, his threat, his eyes… She involuntarily shuddered and felt Jack's grip tighten on her hand. When she looked up the first thing she noticed were his eyes, those soulless black eyes that seemed to bore into her very being. Then her eyes trailed down to his hand, gripped tightly around her hand. She saw his wrist, and the ankh cross that was tattooed on it. It was the universal symbol of the vampires. Upon becoming one you were imprinted with the mark somewhere on your body. The symbol itself was somewhat like a cross, given its name, but the top stemmed out to form a tear drop shaped oval. Staring at it she felt very aware of her own mark, on her back, near her right shoulder blade. She knew everyone could see it, but she knew that they wouldn't take notice. It was a common sight after all, in the vampire world. But when Alex looked around the room the only two things she saw were the ankh crosses and gleaming white fangs. As the next few dances ended, Alex was desperately looking for a way out. Each moment she spent with Jack hurt her more than she would have imagined. She thought about leaving him, and although he might not care so much, it pained her to think about it. To Alex's surprise, a way out presented itself in the strangest fashion. As Jack turned her round she spotted John walking over. She didn't think anything of it until he touched Jack on the shoulder, causing him to stop and eye the man. John smiled, \"May I cut in?\" Alex stared at John and mouthed, 'what are you doing?' Jack stiffened, but it was far beyond him to deny John a dance with a woman that was not entirely his. Jack stepped away without a word, and Alex – who was still in a semi state of shock – was led off by John. When they were out of earshot of Jack she hissed, \"What are you doing? Are you trying to make him suspicious?\" John smiled and leaned his head closer to hers, \"He won't suspect.\" She opened her mouth to argue but only sighed. Was there really a point in fighting over something that wouldn't matter after tonight? The thought once again made her stomach clench. John spoke again, oblivious to her sick worry, \"I'm so sorry Alex.\" She snapped her head up to look at him, confused. Why had he said that? What had he done to be sorry for? She doubted he was apologizing for making Jack angry, he sounded too remorseful for something as frivolous as that. \"For what?\" she asked quietly. \"This,\" he answered simply. To her great surprise John bent his head and kissed her softly. When she looked up at him again she was too flabbergasted to speak. Turning to the side she spotted Jack, eyeing them both with an evil look. She inhaled sharply and pulled away from John. Avoiding his eye she muttered, \"I— I have to go,\" she turned and walked quickly over to Jack, avoiding his gaze also. \"Are quite finished?\" he asked coldly. \"Yes, yes I think so.\" She replied stiffly. Standing up onto the stage Jack cleared his throat loudly, and when he did so the band stopped playing and everyone turned to him and Alex on the stage. She could tell by his cold voice that he was more than furious about what had just happened. He would never believe that she had had no part in it at all. On the contrary, he might accuse her of being the one to instigate it. \"Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to introduce a highly esteemed man among our kind, Mr. Ross Howard,\" Alex applauded along with the rest as Ross took Jack's place on the stand. Slipping away into the crowd she could faintly hear his speech echoing through the grand room. The time was drawing closer, the time when she would signal the others to start leaving. When Ross announced the new Eternus Rector, the others would start slipping out the door. She was stopped halfway across the room by none other than Donavan. Startled, she turned to see him gently gripping her arm. She was gently pulled over to stand beside him and listen to Ross's speech come to an end. \"It gives me great joy to announce your new Eternus Rector: Jack Dawson!\" To Alex's great surprise, the applause that followed tripled that of Ross's. She had had no idea that Jack was this popular among the others of their kind. Actually, she never even knew that he had ever spoken to any of these people. Jack approached the stand just as she thought he would, shoulders back, a strut in his step. He had known he would get the position, of course he would. Because everyone loved Jack, now didn't they. If they only knew. If they only knew that their new Eternus Rector was a murderer… She paused in her own thought. Now that it occurred to her, she supposed that 90 percent of the people in this room were murderers in their own way. Her own house was the only she knew of that took blood from the already deceased. But to know that their new leader was behind the frantic and terrified citizens of London, to know that he was driving police mad trying to find him—that would make a mark on his reputation. A half hour later Alex was back on the dance floor, being held more tightly by Jack than ever before. She believed that she would have a bruise forming after he let go. Once a young man Alex had never seen before approached them, obviously coming to cut in. Jack politely but firmly turned Alex away from the hopeful suitor, and turned his eyes once again back to hers. Her mind reeled franticly, wondering how she was supposed to slip away now. Out of the corner of her eye she saw John give her the signal that everyone else had left. She knew that (this isn't going to work) what they had planned for so long was really happening now, that this was it. Shaking, she fell into Jack's arms without warning, causing him to step back in surprise. Several people around them stopped and whispered to each other as they watched her. Jack grabbed her arm and supported her, \"Alex? Alex are you alright?\" Groggily, she looked up at him, \"I—I don't feel so well—\" she tried to stand and made great show of not being able to do it. \"We should get you back,\" he said seriously. She shook her head, \"No, no you have to stay here. You're the host after all.\" \"I'll take her,\" Both of them turned their heads and saw John standing beside them, a concerned look on his face. \"I'm perfectly capable of—\" Jack started. \"Jack please, you need to stay. I'll go with John,\" she said weakly. Jack hesitated, and she could see his muscles tense. Her stomach flopped as she thought he would come to realize how bad at acting they both were. He didn't relax his posture as he replied coldly, \"Fine, take her back to the house John. Make sure she lies down.\" He handed her off to John and walked quickly away. Alex felt her heart reach out to Jack, and for the last time she wished to tell him how much she really cared. John led her through the group of people, supporting her with his arm. She tried her best to appear weak and lifeless, but it was hard when her mind was franticly constructing terrible scenarios in which their plan fell to pieces in a matter of minutes. People she didn't know eyed her curiously and whispered among themselves as she passed. It made her terribly aware of herself, and she mentally cursed them. Who were they to cast judgment upon her? They who were newborns in this world. They were the ones who embraced this life, and considered it an honor above all. They would soon come to learn what it was really like to live the rest of eternity in the dark. Halfway down the block the rest of the party waited for them, relieved to see that Alex and John had made it out without any trouble. Together they made their way down the street in silence, all afraid that if they spoke they would be found out. Alex in particular kept silent, but not for the same reason. It was terribly awkward, having to walk with John. She thought back on what had happened at the gala and tried to make sense of it. It had come to her out of nowhere, and she wasn't sure what to make of it. As far as she knew, there had never been any signs that John had harbored any feelings for her. After all, she had only known him for the past ten years. But her thoughts were broken by John's hand on her arm. She felt her muscles tense immediately at his touch. She raised her head and saw that he was leading her up the stairs to the front door. She had become so lost in her own thoughts that she had become oblivious to the rest of the world. After the door was safely closed the others rushed to their respective rooms to gather their things. They couldn't waste any time dawdling about the house, for there was a chance any other could arrive to check on Alex or one of the other residents. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The story that follows is completely and utterly owned by me. The only things I do not "},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"L'image d'un père","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7977960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Les personnages ne m'appartiennent pas et sont la propriété exclusive de Neumeier. Je ne retire aucun bénéfice financier de cette fiction ! Je dédie cette fiction, séquelle de « Perte de repères », à Little Black Star qui est une grande fan de Robocop. Merci pour tes idées et j'espère que cette séquelle te plaira ! « L'image d'un père » : Don, alangui et comblé, dormait près du bord du lit. Les doigts serrant avec force les draps. Son amant, souplement et lestement, descendit du lit et doucement, réajustant les boutons de sa chemise, un sourire attendri sur ses lèvres, le contempla une longue seconde avant de quitter la chambre conjugale. Effleurant au passage le front de l'endormi. D'une caresse tendre et légère… Se rendant à la salle de bain du rez de chaussé, l'homme se doucha et séchant son corps harmonieux et ses cheveux blonds, se dirigea vers une porte. L'ouvrant d'une main silencieuse, il entra dans la pièce, salua d'un bref signe de tête les occupants et prit place dans une capsule verticale. Ses yeux bleus dévisagèrent, sans hostilité aucune, son voisin de titane. Le docteur Lazarus mit en route un appareil qui distilla un courant électrique entre les deux capsules. Robocop, subitement, sursauta et après un instant d'inertie, redressa le visage. Son attention se tourna, irrésistiblement, vers le jeune homme blond qui, les yeux clos, paraissait dormir. « -Transfert réussi à 100/100. Enonça Robocop, en se levant de son fauteuil. Directives et mémoires fonctionnant intégralement. Merci, docteur Lazarus. » Le docteur Lazarus n'eut qu'un humble sourire au remerciement d'Alex qui entreprit de partir de la pièce. « -Remercie Lippenscott. Dit-elle, avec un clin d'œil au concerné qui rougit. C'est lui qui a fabriqué l'humanoïde à ton image. Mais où vas-tu ? Ta nuit n'est pas finie et tu sais que Don n'aime pas… » Trop tard. Alex était parti chasser le crime. La jeune doctoresse, imaginant sans peine la réaction de Don, soupira : Alex avait encore pris la fuite. ….. Le ciel était d'un tendre bleu comme le sont ceux de tous les matins d'été. Robocop patrouillait depuis une bonne demi-heure quand, dans un tourbillon de données holographiques, Diana apparut dans la voiture du policier cybernétique. L'air désapprobateur, elle examina le profil calme de son ami et confident avant de demander : « -Qu'est-ce qui ne va pas, Alex ? Don essaie, depuis son réveil, de te joindre par mon intermédiaire. Il parait très furieux. Tu te serais encore esquivé. » Robocop, les yeux fixés sur la route, ne semblait pas enclin aux confidences mais la jeune « Neurobrain » pouvait être obstinée si elle le désirait. S'apercevant qu'il ne se débarrasserait pas d'elle ainsi, Alex finit par avouer : « Don est en congé paternité pour élever nos deux jumeaux. Il s'en occupe très bien mais il voudrait que je m'implique plus dans mon rôle de père. Comme donner le biberon à Kevin ou à Alan. » Diana, déconcertée par cette explication, dévisagea Murphy sans émettre un mot. Puis la compréhension lui vint. La jeune hologramme, les yeux clos, se concentra une seconde et le moteur de la voiture cala. « -Remets la voiture en marche, Diana. Fit Alex, d'un ton détaché. Un crime se commet en ce moment. Mes équipiers peuvent avoir besoin de moi. » La jeune femme eut une moue excédée et résistant à l'envie de « foudroyer » Robocop sur place, articula : « -Cesse de fuir, Alex ! Ta famille a besoin de toi : Don, Kevin et Alan. Alors, tu vas repartir chez toi et t'excuser auprès de Don. » Robocop n'esquissa pas un mouvement et refusait de regarder la jeune « NeuroBrain » en face. Diana, devant l'obstination de Murphy, prit les commandes de la voiture. Le véhicule redémarra et roula en direction du domicile des Eppes-Murphy. «-Tu as de la chance d'avoir un époux admirable et incroyable ! Pesta la jeune femme, furieuse. Un mari patient, compréhensif et immensément amoureux ! Deux bébés magnifiques ! Et toi ! Et toi, tu ne penses qu'aux côtés négatifs ! As-tu donc si peur de tenir tes propres enfants dans tes bras, Murphy ? A ce point ! » Durant le monologue de Diana, Robocop ne s'était pas départi de son impassibilité. Son expression semblait absente. « -J'ai peur, Diana. Confia-t-il, d'une voix faible. J'ai peur que Kevin et Alan puissent être effrayés par mon apparence. Depuis qu'ils sont sortis de la pouponnière de « Tecbiologie », je n'ai jamais accepté de les prendre dans mes bras. Don ne me le pardonne toujours pas et nous nous disputons souvent à ce sujet. Il voudrait que je me conduise comme un père normal : Aller en magasin et ramener des couches, par exemple. » Un rire attendri échappa des lèvres de la jeune hologramme qui inclina, gracieusement, son visage de côté. « -Don veut simplement que tu participes à l'éducation de vos enfants. Expliqua-t-elle, doucement. Ne t'en fais pas, Alex : Le docteur Lazarus est là pour prévenir tout dysfonctionnement et tu ne pourras jamais faire de mal, de manière inconsciente, à tes jumeaux. Puis, tu es père et humain avant tout… » Elle posa une main rassurante sur celle de Robocop qui, malgré l'immatérialité de la jeune femme, ressentit le contact chaleureux et amical. Plus serein et plus en paix, Murphy se prépara à affronter Don. ….. Don donnait le biberon à Kevin, bien calé entre ses bras, qui tétait avidement. En pyjama, près de la fenêtre, une expression mélancolique et résignée à la fois sur ses jolis traits, le jeune père guettait le retour d'Alex. Diana lui avait promis de lui ramener son « idiot » de mari. Un peu de lait coula sur le menton du bébé, signe que celui-ci n'avait plus faim. Tendrement, avec un sourire affectueux et indulgent, Don enleva le biberon, le posa sur le comptoir de la cuisine et essuya le filet de lait du coin des lèvres de son fils. L'image de Kevin endormi contre lui, vulnérable et si angélique dans son sommeil, apaisa, un moment, la colère de Don vis-à-vis de Murphy. Marchant à pas de loup, le jeune père se rendit dans la chambre des jumeaux et délicatement, sans réveiller Alan, coucha Kevin dans son berceau. Une lumière écarlate illumina toute la maison, suivie d'un son strident et assourdissant. « -Visionnage holographique d'urgence des caméras de surveillance ! » Ordonna Don, en gardant son sang-froid. L'écran holographique se déploya sous les yeux vifs et lucides du policier et celui-ci assista à l'explosion du poste de sécurité du lotissement. Une fourgonnette, blanche et ordinaire, entamait une course à vive allure dans les rues de la résidence. Don pâlit : Le véhicule se dirigeait droit sur sa maison. « -Enclenchement du système anti-assaut ! » Cria le policier, en se précipitant dans la chambre de ses fils. Immédiatement, le dispositif, conçu par « Tecbiologie », s'amorça : Les fenêtres, les portes furent recouvertes par un blindage anti-rocket. Le gazon et la villa se transformèrent en place forte armée. «-Diana ! Appela Don, en prenant Kevin et Alan dans ses bras. J'ai besoin de ton aide ! » La jeune femme surgit dans la pièce attitrée de Robocop, anxieuse. Elle vit Don mettre ses enfants à l'abri dans le fauteuil de Murphy et escalader, en vitesse, les marches menant à sa réserve d'armes. « -Ok, Don ! Fit Diana, en se dématérialisant. Alex arrive de suite ! Tiens bon ! » Don, son automatique à la main, se rendit dans le salon et mettant en fonction la visionneuse de la caméra extérieure, analysa la situation : Des individus, lourdement armés, jaillissaient de la fourgonnette et encerclaient la maison. « -Coucou, Don ! S'écria un des bandits, avec une joie perfide. Je sais que Robocop n'est pas là ! Donne-moi les mômes ou je vous fais frire tous ensemble ! » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 2] Robocop a fui pour ne pas affronter la colère de Don et ses responsabilités de père. Mais Diana réussit à la persuader de regagner le domicile conjugal. Entretemps, Don et ses enfants sont en danger. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Un grand merci à TheLittleBlackStar et à ses remarques constructives. Je vous conseille la lecture de sa fic « Robocop » sur FFN. Partie 2 : Don ne répondit pas la demande insensée du malfaiteur et en état d'alerte maximale, analysa les différentes options pour neutraliser les malfrats. Se forçant à garder son sang-froid, faisant appel à toute sa discipline d'ex-agent fédéral du FBI, il scruta le camion et les armes des kidnappeurs. Un plan d'attaque s'élaborant, peu à peu, dans son esprit stratège. « -Diana ! Décida Don, en reculant vers les escaliers. Je te confie la gestion des moyens défensifs de la maison. Je vais tenter d'emmener Alex junior et Kevin au garage. » La jeune « NeuroBrain », rapidement, prit les commandes de l'ordinateur de la maison des Eppes-Murphy et demeura dans l'expectative. « -On y va, les gars ! S'exclama celui qui avait lancé l'ultimatum, avec une exaltation écoeurante. Pas de quartiers ! On explose tout ! » La troupe, dans un hurlement primitif de guerre, enclencha les armes et se ruant sur la villa, fit feu : Dans un déluge infernal, une pluie d'obus, de balles anti-blindage et de flammes s'abattit sur les murs et les fenêtres de la maison. Diana, vive et intelligente, anticipa les impacts et déclenchant les systèmes de défense, fit exploser la plupart des projectiles avant qu'ils ne n'atteignirent leur but. Dans un cri de rage, les bandits n'abandonnèrent pas et redoublèrent d'effort pour atteindre leur but. Durant une vingtaine de minute, ce coin de quartier résidentiel devint une cataclysmique scène de guerre. Diana parvint à limiter les dégâts et à sécuriser un périmètre autour de la maison, interdisant l'accès à la résidence des Eppes-Murphy. « -Vite, Alex ! Exhorta la jeune femme, en envoyant un message silencieux à Robocop. Je ne tiendrai pas longtemps ! » …. Don serra des dents, en entendant les déflagrations assourdissantes des armes et se pressant, descendit les escaliers. Il fut soulagé de voir que ses enfants, nullement effrayés par les bruits extérieurs, dormaient comme des loirs. Un amour puissant envahit le jeune père devant la sérénité de ses fils et réveilla un instinct protecteur primitif en lui. Il exterminerait, sans pitié, tous ceux qui oseraient toucher à ses bébés. Alors que Don s'approchait de la cache secrète des armes, il se mit à vaciller sur ses pieds : Le sol s'ébranla violemment et s'effondra, créant un vide au contour parfaitement délimité. Un homme, horriblement défiguré par des anciennes brûlures, surgit du trou béant et ricana en apercevant le jeune policier qui le dévisageait, éberlué. « -Pudface Morgan ! S'écria Don, qui se précipita vers ses enfants qui, réveillés, pleuraient et s'agitaient sur le fauteuil de Robocop. Dégage de là ou je me charge de te défigurer encore plus ! » Morgan émit un rire cynique et insolent et braquant une mitraillette sur Don, menaça : « -On ne bouge plus, Don ! Ou tes jumeaux seront orphelins d'un père ! Sois raisonnable et donne-moi les enfants ! » Mais Don, une lueur farouche dans ses yeux, n'obéit pas et s'avançant lentement vers Morgan, commença à extirper son arme de service. Surveillant du regard les réactions de Pudface. « -Ne fais pas le malin avec moi. Conseilla le malfrat, exaspéré et en pointant le canon de son automatique sur les enfants. Il n'est pas explicitement exigé que les jumeaux restent en vie. » Don se figea immédiatement, la respiration suspendue et l'impuissance opprimant sa poitrine. « -Je ne savais pas que tu t'abaisserais à jouer les « toutous » pour quelqu'un, Morgan. Cracha-t-il, méprisant. Pudface Morgan, le plus grand criminel de notre temps ? M'ouais… » Morgan afficha un air réjoui et supérieur et ne se démonta pas, continuant de ricaner : « -Ca ne marche pas avec moi, Don ! Allez, livre-moi les bébés et je te laisse tranquille ! » Constatant le refus évident du jeune père, il se résolut de s'emparer des enfants qui pleuraient toujours. Don se retint de l'envoyer valdinguer, devant la détresse de Kevin et Alex junior coincés, sans ménagement, contre Morgan. Celui-ci tira une balle dans la cuisse droite de Don qui s'écroula de souffrance. « -Dites « au-revoir » à papa, mes chéris ! » Se moqua Morgan, en disparaissant dans le trou. … Dans un crissement de pneus, une voiture surgit de l'angle de la rue. Toutes sirènes hurlantes. Provoquant des exclamations de joie et de soulagement de la part des habitants de la résidence. « -C'est Robocop ! » S'écria un garçon, enthousiaste à l'idée de voir son idole en action. Robocop fonça vers les bandits qui s'éparpillèrent sur son passage et stoppa son véhicule sur le gazon de son allée. Sortant de sa voiture, il fit face aux malfaiteurs, chercha des angles de visée et avec une redoutable efficacité, neutralisa le camion qui explosa. Puis sans s'attarder sur les malfrats qui lui tiraient dessus, il défonça la porte d'entrée de sa maison et y pénétra, les traits immuables et implacables. « -Te voilà enfin, Alex. Souffla Diana, heureuse. Don est dans ta pièce. Vas-y ! Je me charge de ces canailles. » Robocop descendit les escaliers, tout en faisant appel à son scanner thermographique : Il n'y avait qu'une signature thermique dans la pièce. Une silhouette allongée par terre. Ayant peur de comprendre ce que cela signifiait, il se dépêcha d'arriver sur les lieux et aperçut Don qui tentait de se relever, en s'agrippant au fauteuil. « -Ramène-moi nos enfants, Alex ! Supplia Don, les nerfs à vif. Je te pardonnerai peut-être de nous avoir laissés, moi et les jumeaux ! » Soutenant Don et l'emmenant loin du trou, Robocop s'assura que son compagnon ne courait aucun risque et sautant dans le vide, il atterrit dans le réseau d'évacuation d'eau sale de Delta City. Il balaya l'endroit humide et sombre, avec son scanner et localisant trois sources de chaleurs mobiles, il se mit en chasse. « -Bon sang ! S'écria la voix de Morgan, excédée. Vous allez cesser de brailler, les moufflards ! » Les pleurs des jumeaux emplirent tout le tunnel et donnèrent la direction à suivre à leur père. Alex rejoignit Pudface qui, s'étant arrêté pour calmer les bébés, ignorait la présence de Robocop. « -Cesse de terrifier mes enfants, Morgan. Ordonna Alex, en pointant son arme sur le bandit. Ta laideur va leur donner des cauchemars. Rends-moi mes fils. » Morgan, nullement intimidé, éclata de rire : « -Tire sur moi et tes chers petits vont me ressembler, Robocop ! Jette ton arme ou je tue un de tes morpions. » Robocop n'eut d'autre choix que de lui obéir. Il laissa tomber son arme et attendit, ses yeux bleus guettant le moindre faux pas de Pudface. Ce dernier, se délectant de la situation, réalisa que son redoutable ennemi était à sa merci. Totale ! Il faillir s'en évanouir de joie tellement cette perspective était extraordinairement jouissive ! « -Regardez votre papa, mes petits. Fit Morgan, explosé de rire. Je vais le tuer lentement, doucement et savourer ses cris de douleur. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 3] Pudface Morgan a réussi à s'emparer des enfants de Don et de Robocop, profitant de l'absence de ce dernier. Alex Murphy est à la merci du bandit. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 3 : Les jumeaux, gigotant et s'agitant dans les bras de Pudface, arrachèrent un juron à leur ravisseur. Celui-ci, agacé et gêné par les mouvements des bébés, se résolut de les déposer à ses pieds. Sur un endroit sec et assez net. Les jumeaux cessèrent de pleurer et suçant leur pouce, se mirent à céder au sommeil. Robocop avait suivi, avec vigilance et minutie, les moindres gestes de Morgan et s'assurant du bien-être relatif de ses enfants, reporta son regard vers Pudface. Il le vit afficher un sourire vainqueur et hautement réjoui et extirper, de sa poche, un minuscule boitier noir. « -Tu vois ça, Robocop ? Exulta Morgan, en jouant avec le boitier. Ce petit appareil a été conçu pour toi : Mallardo m'a certifié qu'il pouvait te mettre hors circuit. Il suffit que je l'actionne et ton système électronique disparaît ! Plus de Robocop ! Plus rien ! » Il esquissa un léger pas de danse avant de pointer le boitier dans la direction du policier cybernétique et solennellement, les yeux rivés à ceux de Murphy, il pressa son pouce sur le bouton. « -Adieu, Robocop ! Fit-il, avec un rire de triomphe. Sayonara ! » A l'instant où un rayon laser jaillit du boitier, Alex l'évita à la dernière seconde et se jetant sur un Morgan stupéfait, le renversa sur le sol dur et bétonné du tunnel. Déséquilibré, Pudface lâcha le boitier dont le rayon mortel alla frapper le plafond vouté de la galerie et des monceaux de béton tombèrent, menaçant d'ensevelir les bébés. Voyant cela, Robocop se précipita vers ses fils et les couvrit de son corps, laissant juste un espace suffisant pour ne pas les écraser. Mais il ne pouvait plus bouger sinon les gravats risquaient de blesser les jumeaux qui dormaient profondément. Inconscients du péril. ….. Furieux et enragé, Pudface se releva et sa fureur s'amoindrit devant le spectacle d'Alex pris au piège par les gravats. Il éclata d'un rire strident et sarcastique et recalibrant le boitier, il nargua l'agent cybernétique. « -Finalement, tu ne m'échapperas pas ! S'exclama Morgan, au bord du ravissement. Tant pis pour Mallardo et ses consignes ! Les morpions vont y passer aussi ! » Robocop, paniqué, se recroquevilla dans une tentative de mieux protéger ses enfants. Il contempla ses petits et leurs visages si paisibles et des larmes coulèrent sur ses joues. « -Non, je n'y crois pas ! Fit Pudface qui se délecta du désespoir de Robocop. Tu peux pleurer ! Quand Mallardo saura cela ! » Sans autre préambule, il braqua le boitier sur Alex et un lent sourire sur ses lèvres, commença à actionner le bouton. Le laser surgit de l'appareil et à mi-distance de Robocop, dévia sa course. Ratant de peu sa cible. Morgan, touché par une balle, s'était étalé à terre et hurlait de douleur. « -Personne ne touche à ma famille. » Déclara Don, d'une voix sinistre. Shootant dans les cotes de Pudface, l'assommant d'une droite, le jeune brun l'écarta de son chemin et s'affala, plus qu'il ne s'assit, auprès de Robocop. Sa cuisse, bandée, ne saignait plus mais devait le faire atrocement souffrir car le visage de Don était livide et en sueur. « -Je te demande pardon, Don. Murmura Alex, constatant l'état piteux de son homme. Je comprendrai que tu m'en veuilles. » Epuisé, Don caressa la joue de Robocop et avec tendresse, essuya les larmes. « -C'est oublié, Alex. Assura-t-il, en dégageant, un par un, ses enfants. L'important est que tu sois là et que nos jumeaux sont sains et saufs. Merci. » Alex junior et Kevin, serrés dans l'étreinte chaleureuse et protectrice de Don, rouvrirent les yeux une seconde et se pressant contre le torse du père, retournèrent à leur sommeil. Robocop se sortit des gravats et soulevant Don dans ses bras, ramena sa famille à l'air libre. …. Une danseuse orientale et à demie vêtue se déhanchait au rythme d'une musique lancinante. Mallardo, avec une nonchalance de pacha, allongé sur la couchette de sa cellule, la dévorait des yeux. Mais son esprit, intelligent et retors, était loin de l'hologramme de la danseuse et accompagnait l'opération de Pudface Morgan et l'assaut contre la maison des Eppes-Murphy. Le prisonnier se réjouissait d'avance de la détresse et du désespoir des parents lorsque les jumeaux auraient été enlevés et ramenés dans un laboratoire secret. Un laboratoire spécialement aménagé pour transférer la conscience de Morgan et de celui de Mallardo dans les cerveaux des fils de Robocop. Quelle douce et agréable vengeance pour les deux ennemis du policier cybernétique : Don et Alex élevant leurs enfants, sans se douter de l'échange d'identité ! « -Mallardo, une visite pour toi ! Annonça le gardien, en ouvrant sa cellule. Il est à vous ! » Tiré de ses rêveries agréables, le prisonnier grogna un peu mais l'affolement se fit sur ses traits : Robocop et Don se tenaient devant lui, la mine sombre et farouche. « -Gardien ! Appela le docteur Mallardo, en reculant sur son lit. Gardien ! Au meurtre ! » Don, muet, remonta ses manches de chemise et d'un accord tacite avec Robocop, s'avança. « -Vous n'avez pas le droit ! Protesta le prisonnier, paniqué. Vous êtes des flics ! Vous devez respecter la loi ! » Don attrapa Mallardo par le col de sa tenue de prisonnier et l'amenant à lui, articula : « -Mon cousin est le patron de l'OCP et l'OCP dirige la police de Détroit. S'en prendre à nos enfants a été une grave erreur. » Un frisson parcourut le dos de Mallardo qui déglutit, péniblement, sous le regard froid et déterminé de Don. … Robocop, assis sur son fauteuil, donnait le biberon à Alex junior qui, repu, repoussa la tétine du bout de sa petite langue. Le père comprit et abandonnant son fauteuil, fit faire son rot au bébé. Celui-ci, posant son visage sur l'épaule de titane de Robocop, s'endormit. Alex le berça, un long moment, avant de le mettre dans son berceau. « -Tu t'en sors comme un chef. Félicita Don, en entourant Murphy de ses bras. Si tu m'emmenais au restaurant, ce soir ? » Robocop marqua un temps d'hésitation. Don remarqua son inquiétude et le rassura : « -Alex et Kévin sont en sécurité. Personne n'oserait attaquer la propriété de mon cousin, le président de l'OCP. Puis Lisa et Charlie se sont proposés pour être les baby-sitters. Alors, qu'en penses-tu ? » Murphy se décida finalement à accepter. Se rendant dans sa pièce attitrée, il s'installa sur son fauteuil de transfert. Lippencott et le docteur Lazarus mirent en route l'appareil. …. Alex emmena Don dans un restaurant-dansant. L'ambiance festive et la nourriture, bonne et abondante, achevèrent de conquérir le jeune brun qui s'amusa et rit aux plaisanteries de son compagnon. Un slow débuta et avec courtoisie et galanterie, Alex invita Don à danser sur la piste. Se collant au corps doux et chaud de Murphy, Don s'abandonna à l'ivresse de l'instant et posant son visage sur l'épaule de son homme, il soupira de bien-être. Il s'émerveilla, comme toujours, de la sensation exquise procurée par le robot humanoïde. Une perfection créée à l'image d'Alex : La peau, la carnation naturelle de son teint de blond, ses yeux bleus, ses lèvres et ses cheveux soyeux donnaient l'illusion, réelle, d'un être humain. Personne ne pouvait soupçonner que l'homme, qui dansait un slow, était un robot. Chef d'œuvre de technologie. « -A quoi songes-tu, mon amour ? » Demanda Alex qui perçut le sourire heureux de Don. Don se détacha un peu de son partenaire de danse, passa ses bras autour de son cou et lui sourit : « -A toi, à nous. A la chance que j'ai de t'avoir. Je t'aime, Alex. » Alex, ému, se pencha sur les lèvres du jeune brun et l'embrassa tendrement. Leur baiser sembla durer une éternité tellement les deux amoureux aimaient le goût de l'un et l'autre. « -Viens ! Chuchota Don, en entrainant Alex hors de la piste de danse. Je rêve de le faire dans ta voiture ! » Riant comme des fous, les deux hommes quittèrent le restaurant. Une jeune femme allait entrer dans l'établissement quand son regard glissa sur le visage souriant et épanoui du jeune blond. Elle se figea, recevant un immense choc. Elle suivit, des yeux, le jeune couple qui monta dans leur véhicule et qui démarra en trombe. Scrutant intensément le visage de Murphy. « -Alex. Murmura Nancy Murphy. Tu es vivant ! » Fin. Reviews ? ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Les personnages ne m'appartiennent pas et sont la propriété exclusive de Neumeier. Je "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Love is what makes a family","Author":"BroadwayGleek29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13047331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I haven't written anything in forever, but after rewatching the movie I used to love as a kid, I had this idea stuck in my head. So I figured letting it out of my system would be a good way of getting back to writing. So here it is, just a pointless, but hopefully cute one-shot about a father-son bond that is starting to grow. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. It was a nice warm Friday afternoon in the middle of September. Frank was enjoying one of almost unheard-of moments of complete peace and silence. He got off work unusually early and somehow none of the eighteen kids he had were home by then. Some of them were still at school, but those who finished sooner were busy enjoying the start of one of the last warm weekends before fall actually happened. Helen was away at some business meeting and Mrs. Munion had a day off. Frank made himself a nice big cup of coffee and sat down on the couch to finally watch that documentary movie he had been trying to see for weeks now. After all it's not that easy to find time to relax when you have eighteen crazy kids running around like wild animals and your job is to make sure they don't kill each other or themselves. Just as Frank was really starting to relax he heard someone open the front door then furiously slam it, followed by quick and heavy footsteps up the stairs. Frank liked to think of himself as a responsible father, therefore as much as he would have liked to ignore whichever child of his that was and get back to watching the movie, he knew he should probably check on said child and figure out what has gotten them so mad. After he heard the door of one of the rooms upstairs slam, he sighed and stood up from the couch. He walked by the front door and noticed a school backpack carelessly thrown onto the floor. Frank recognized the bag as Jimi's, what at least answered his question as of whose temper he would be dealing with. He went upstairs and knocked on his son's door. Although Frank didn't hear an invitation, he entered anyway and instantly noticed the fourteen year old lying on his bed face down, his shoulders shaking. 'Jimi? Is something wrong?' asked Frank and internally berated himself. What a stupid question to ask, of course something was wrong. Jimi wasn't a dramatic child like for instance Christina or Joni, therefore this kind of behavior coming from the boy wasn't a regular occurrence in the Beardsley household. 'I'm fine' mumbled Jimi and moved further away from his father. 'I know you're not, I can see you're upset so just tell me what happened' insisted Frank and sat down on the bed next to his son's lying form 'Sit up son' 'Just leave me alone, I wanna be alone' Jimi's face was still buried in his pillow. 'Jimi' said Frank in a warning tone he used to let his children know he wasn't joking. Once again it worked and his son eventually sat up, his tear-stained face becoming evident and causing Frank to freak out with worry a little bit. He had to quickly compose himself in order to be able to help his child. 'Tell me what happened' demanded Frank in a soft yet firm voice that left no room for arguments. 'It's nothing, really. It's stupid, don't worry about it' mumbled Jimi avoiding eye contact. 'It has to be something otherwise it wouldn't have upset you that much. And of course I'm gonna worry when I see one of my kids cry' those words were meant to comfort the fourteen year old, but somehow they made him cry again, fresh tears escaping from his eyes 'Please Jimi, tell me what's going on' '…Okay' whispered the boy 'We… we have this new biology teacher... She just transferred to our school so she doesn't know us yet… We started learning genetics' that gave Frank an idea of what the problem might have been 'and today she gave us an assignment' continued Jimi after sniffling a couple of times and wiping his wet cheeks with his sleeve 'she wants us to make projects about physical features that we inherited from our ancestors and that have been passed on for generations. And then we're supposed to estimate the probability of us passing those features onto our children. And I can't do that for obvious reasons, but the teacher couldn't have known that, cause she doesn't know our family so I shouldn't have gotten so upset but I did' Jimi started rambling and each sentence came out squeakier than the last one which was a clear sign that he was getting himself all worked-up again. 'Jim… Jimi look at me' said Frank lifting his son's chin to meet his eyes 'You had every right to get upset-' 'No I didn't' interrupted the boy 'Because that makes me sound as if I'm not happy with being a part of this family. And I am happy and so grateful' 'I know that. Listen to me, you are my child. Just as much as all seventeen of your siblings. The fact that we are not biologically related means nothing to me, because you couldn't be any more of my son even if we were. The only thing I regret is that I didn't get to meet you sooner. But I'm still so happy to call you my kid and to have you in my life' both the father and the son started to get a little teary eyed for an entirely new reason. 'Thank you, dad. Thank you for putting up with all the crazy that is our family' Jimi's words made Frank chuckle. 'I wouldn't have it any other way, kid' he opened his arms and the teenager didn't hesitate to hug his dad, pouring all the love and gratefulness into the embrace 'Tomorrow I'll go to the school to talk to your teacher. I'll explain our situation to her and make sure she finds another assignment for you' 'Thanks' said Jimi wiping his eyes one last time. 'Don't worry about it. Just remember that you can always come to me with any problem. Doesn't matter how unimportant it seems to you. I'm here. I love you, son' 'I love you too dad' Let me know what you think! ","Summary":" Hey guys! I haven't written anything in forever, but after rewatching the movie I used to love as a"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Unbreakable","Author":"CrackshipQueen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12623568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ahh, I haven't written fanfiction in such a long time! It feels great to be back. I thought, since I started this account out with a Yours, Mine and Ours fanfiction, it was only fitting that I come back from my hiatus with the same fandom! I'm hoping that over the last year and a half my writing has managed to get better. Phoebe North loved her mother more than just about any else in the world– even her nine siblings. She was always there to give her mother advice, whether it was about men or fashion or cooking or anything else her mother could possibly need help with. That's why she was a bit taken aback when Frank came into the picture. Frank and Helen had been together a very short amount of time before they were announced engaged, and Phoebe couldn't believe her ears. She thought, though, that it would be a manageable arrangement… Until she found out that Frank had eight kids. As soon as her mother spoke the words, Phoebe was at a loss for any words of her own. Not only were there ten kids already, but now her mother was adding eight more to mix? Was she insane? That day, there had been an overwhelming amount of resistance and disagreement among her other siblings. Of course, some of the younger ones were excited to have nine new faces in the house, but Phoebe and Dylan and the other older kids were not very happy about the arrangement at all. The day came when it was time for the two families to merge into one in the lighthouse and Phoebe was far from happy to be meeting the abundance of Beardsley's. Helen and her kids, being the first to arrive, waited outside the lighthouse for Frank and his kids to arrive. A few short minutes after the North's, the Beardsley's made their arrival. The mother of the ten kids shushed them all, before looking to the two cars pulling up the gravel road to the lighthouse. Phoebe's gaze shifted between both of the vehicles as they pulled to a stop. The first vehicle was being driven by Frank, who she had only met once before. The second one was driven by William Beardsley, whom she had never met before. When her gaze fell upon him, though, she couldn't help but stare dumbfoundedly for a few seconds, before snapping her gaze away from him. Her cheeks had turned a bright shade of pink and she could feel the heat within in, though she was hoping that no one else would notice. William was undeniably attractive, but Phoebe had to fend the thoughts off as quickly as they came. He was cute, but he was her future stepbrother and totally off limits. Everyone introduced themselves briefly, but when William began to approach her, Phoebe felt a jump in her chest. \"Hey,\" the male provided a cheeky grin, extending his hand to her. \"I'm William.\" Phoebe took his hand in her own, much smaller, hand and shook it. \"I'm Phoebe.\" William opened his mouth to speak to the eldest North child again, but Phoebe retreated her and made her way towards the door to the lighthouse which the two of them would now be calling home. Everyone ventured to their rooms to begin unpacking, and Phoebe was told she would be rooming with Christina. As soon as her eyes landed upon the eldest female Beardsley, Phoebe could tell they were from two totally different worlds. Phoebe was pretty much a hippy. She played guitar and loved to sing and was a very laid back person. Christina, on the other hand, was a little miss perfect cheerleader, who was no doubt \"too cool\" for Phoebe. This should be fun, Phoebe thought sarcastically to herself, beginning to unpack her bedroom. Within the hour, she found herself escaping the room to get away from Christina. As she exited the door, though, she ran straight into William. \"Oh, gosh! I'm sorry.\" She said quickly, before her hazel orbs made contact with his brown ones. \"It's okay, where are you headed?\" William asked, lifting a brow. He would be lying if he said he didn't find the petite female in front of him at least the slightest bit attractive. It was apparent to the world that she was a really beautiful girl and ever since their initial meeting, he wanted to know her. He wanted to know more about her. He knew it was weird. She was his dad's new wife's daughter, but he just couldn't help himself. \"I was just gonna go explore the neighborhood.\" Phoebe shrugged her shoulders, breaking the eye contact they had once held and allowing her hazel orbs to fall to the floor. \"Mind if I come?\" William asked, his eyes not leaving her for even a second. Phoebe lifted her gaze back up to see that he was still staring down at her and she fought the urge to smile, before nodding. \"I guess that'd be okay.\" She replied, biting down on her lip. \"Alright, awesome. Let's go then.\" William said, headed for the stairs. The two teens made their way down the stairs and out of the lighthouse, before continuing down the sidewalk side by side. There wasn't much to say. The silence was deafening and neither of them could even look at one another. After about five minutes of silence, William finally spoke up. \"So, um… Are you happy about the move?\" Phoebe glanced over at him, a curious look now washing over her features. \"Are you?\" The male chuckled before shaking his head. \"Not at all.\" Phoebe allowed a small smile. \"Yeah, neither am I.\" She replied, watching her feet as she walked. \"You know, I think this is the dumbest thing my mom has ever done… She's only been dating your dad for a few weeks. It's so soon and way too sudden!\" William nodded his head in agreement. \"I know what you mean. I have no idea what my dad was thinking when he proposed to your mom… And now we're expected to just pack up and move into a freakin' lighthouse!\" Phoebe couldn't help but let a small laugh escape her lips at his exclamation. \"I know, right? It's insane! Eighteen kids in one huge lighthouse? Gosh, I can already imagine the major headaches I'm going to have.\" \"I don't know how I am expected to be able to do my homework and apply for college and study and keep my sanity around this place.\" William agreed, nodding his head. The two continued to talk like this for a while, before turning and heading back towards the house. As they were approaching the lighthouse, William stopped walking. \"You know, for a North, you aren't so bad.\" He teased, offering a small smile. \"I guess the same could be said for you, Beardsley.\" Phoebe replied playfully, smiling back. Without another word, the two entered the house and headed their separate ways, William going to the kitchen and Phoebe returning to her bedroom. She smiled to herself, plopping down on her bed and allowing herself to sink deeply into thought about the prior events. So, that is it for this chapter! I know it is short but my life has been hectic and I am not good at starting things off! Let me know what you think in the reviews. ","Summary":" Ahh, I haven't written fanfiction in such a long time! It feels great to be back. I thought, since "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Sweets","Author":"movieholic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10114518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Submitted for Yours, Mine, and Ours challenge. Frank Beardsley smiled softly as he gazed down at his new wife from where he stood at the wheel of his boat. It was just the two of them, out where he longed to live the most: the beautiful, expansive ocean. He closed his eyes, and turned his face towards the warming sun; relishing the white rays of heat that caressed his face. The salty sea gently rocked them back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. Frank frowned, and paused in his sun basking. The rocking was beginning to become a little violent, and Helen had turned in her seat and was worriedly looking up towards him. He offered her a hesitant smile, but the rocking increased until a sharp scream pierced his ears and Frank Beardsley snapped awake in his bed. He slowly blinked, and ran a hand through his mussed hair. A quick glance at the clock showed a red and blurry 3:04 in the morning. Frank groaned into the palms of his hands, before closing his eyes and straining his ears for any sound of one of his many children afoot. Aside from the wind battering their massive lighthouse turned home, there was no other noises that Frank could detect. He looked down at his sleeping wife. A small smile graced his face as he watched her peacefully sleep. The thick comforter couldn't conceal her rounded stomach, heavy with their newest (and unexpected) addition. It also couldn't hide the small outline of one of the younger boys, having crawled into bed earlier that night, curled in between their two bodies. Frank couldn't be annoyed, especially considering they've had many more kids sneak in with them than just the one. So, he considered himself lucky instead. A powerful gust of wind rattled the windows, but it was another scream that jolted Frank into action and out of bed. He threw open the bedroom door and raced down the hall, heart pounding in his chest as he hunted down the source. An abandoned toy tanker, hidden in the shadows, hindered his stride and caused him to nearly stumbled headlong down a flight of stairs. The scream! It was closer, feminine, but this time it sounded muffled. Frank went to call out, but as soon as he made it down the stairs and into the kitchen, he started to piece together some of the clues. The kitchen, normally pristine for the fews hours at night where nobody was in it, was covered in all junk food imaginable. There were multicolored gummy worms seemingly stuck to the wall, squished marshmallows peppering the floor, and crushed popcorn strewn across the kitchen counters. As Frank, mouth agape and eyes wide, slowly crept further into the kitchen, he noticed the screams were coming more frequently, and were being underscored by a haunting violin. The level of fear that rose in his gut settled, but his ire was only just beginning to rise. His cautious walk slowly melted away into a square-shouldered, military march as he pushed pass the wreckage of the gallery and into the entertainment room. However, before he could fully enter, he paused in the doorway and felt his anger slip away as easily as his fear did. His eldest children were slouched about the room, cradling bowls of empty bowls of popcorn and packages of half-eaten sweets, fast asleep. He wanted to storm in, turn off the television set that was playing William's favorite horror film, and fume until his kids could feel the steam...but he couldn't. He understood what they had been doing. And it saddened him greatly. His oldest son, William, was leaving the following day to report to his Naval command. His company was to be shipped out overseas, and assist the fellow military men already fighting this country's war. Although Frank knew his son was going to be aboard a Naval ship, it did not mean he would not or could not be engaged on the water. It was apparent to Frank, who selfishly believed no one else could understand how much he would miss his son, that the others would of course miss him dearly as well. The sweets, popcorn, soda, and movie were all of William's favorites. Whenever he permitted himself to have any, that was. Frank sagged against the wooden door jamb, and crossed his arms over his chest. He allowed himself another smile, a fond one, and decided that when he saw his son off tomorrow, he would allow him more than just that. Maybe he would hug his son for once instead. The End. Please Review. ","Summary":" A/N: Submitted for Yours, Mine, and Ours challenge. Frank Beardsley smiled softly as he gazed down "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"The Academy","Author":"ParkerGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10086423","Passage":"[Chapter 1] William Beardsley stepped out of the military issue SUV belonging to his father, the crisp air from the start of fall hit him and he shivered. The academy was his father's domain, his should have been college, but one mistake had taken that all away from him, now he was forced to follow his father's footsteps. 'Cadet' a stern voice carried across the small entranceway, drawing Williams attention from the ground he was so intently staring at, he quickly stood to attention and saluted the higher ranked officer. 'First Lieutenant Gold' William relaxed and shook his hand, removing his hat in the process. 'Damn shame you rejected that letter from Harvard, they missed out on a good recruit that is if you take after your father' William cringed at the mention of the college he couldn't attend, it was as if a bucket of cold water was thrown over him, he wouldn't forget anytime soon. 'I'd rather be here' the smile on Williams face was forced and he hoped the First Lieutenant wouldn't pick up on it. 'Good show son, Lieutenant Thompson will show you the barracks and the rest of the academy this morning, you will join your fellow cadets for survival training this afternoon,' Gold waved a woman towards where he was standing with William. 'Thompson, show Beardsley the barracks' 'Yes sir,' she stood and saluted, turning to William as she dropped her hand, 'follow me' she instructed before turning around the way she came. William grabbed his bag and jogged to catch up with the fast walking red-head, 'You'll be bunking with the last intake of cadets, normally we don't take in cadets this late in the intake, but considering your circumstances the admiral allowed it.' She stated to him in a tone that he knew not to question while nodding his head. 'Also as you're the newbie, you better be ready for it, Cadet Nicholson will be giving you a run for your money, being related to Admiral Beardsley.' William shuddered, 'I do not want any special treatment because of who my father is, nor do I want it to be taken out on me through training' his voice was clear, Thompson could tell there was more to him coming this late to the academy than she and her superiors had been told. 'This is the academy, it doesn't matter who you are, you will be treated reasonably by your superiors, but on your off time we cannot control the cadets, unless it is in training' Thompsons voice took on a level of control, she wasn't about to let the tall cadet think that she was a push over. William muttered under his breath, Thompson took note, he was going to be a hard one to crack into the academy, and get him to understand the life. They arrived at the barracks at the end of the conversation, Thompson pulled the door open and allowed William in first. 'Lieutenant Thompson attending for surprise inspection' she called out from inside the door, she heard the running of feet as the cadets lined up around the room. Thompson walked in and stopped ahead of William. 'Report Cadet Nicholson.' She snapped out at the young man closest to her right. He stepped forward, 'sixteen cadets present, two on patrol in the training course, and one in the ward room nursing a hangover after last night's festivities' He laid out the report clearly and stepped back into line. 'Nicholson I hope you were not to blame for his condition' Thompson glared at the young man, he gulped. 'No ma'am' he answered a little shake being noticeable in his voice, Thompson eyed him warily before turning her attention to the group. 'Giles, stand up properly, Fredrick, tuck that shirt in properly, Holt, polish those shoes' she barked out surveying the group. 'This is your new member of your cadet group, Cadet Beardsley, he is commencing training with you this afternoon, make sure he keeps up' she turned around and walked out of the room. The group relaxed as she walked out, yet William felt the tension rise in the group as Nicholson walked over to him, 'So Probie, you related to the great admiral Beardsley, damn shame what happened to him' Nicholson jabbed at William, who blanked out his face, he was getting good at that. 'Which bunk is free?' William asked trying to get away from the man invading his space, he moved to the bunk which he saw no one standing in front on with nothing around it and placed his bag on it. 'Ron back off' another man walked over to William, his shirt also read Nicholson, 'I apologise for my brother, he can be a pain at times, this bunk is free, I'm Cadet Jock Nicholson' Jock extended his hand towards William. William looked at the outstretched hand, 'thanks' was his curt reply as he went to unpack. Jock dropped his hand with a quizzical look on his face at the new cadet. His thoughts were interrupted as a loud siren boomed in the room. The cadets quickly formed a line facing the door, whilst William look around in shock. 'I'd line up if I where you Probie' Ron snickered at the front of one line, Jock shot him a look from his position beside him. William quickly moved into the line that was standing to attention waiting for someone to enter the room. 'Good Afternoon cadets, time for cross country training' An older First Lieutenant entered the room barking his orders, his uniform was in perfect condition and William was sure if he looked close enough he could see himself in the First Lieutenants shoes. Beside him was First Lieutenant Gold and Lieutenant Thompson both in what he knew as their training gear, he was surprised the Lieutenant was considered an instructor for the cadets. 'Today Lieutenant Thompson will be joining in on your training so I hope you boys are able to keep up, as the girls beat your best score this morning under her instruction' he saw First Lieutenant Gold roll his eyes, obviously there was some sort of rivalry between the First Lieutenant and the Lieutenant. 'Yes sir' chorused the men standing in front of William before they started marching out of the room, behind the instructors. William sighed and followed, at least this was better than the alternative. ","Summary":" William Beardsley stepped out of the military issue SUV belonging to his father, the crisp air from"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"The Concert","Author":"Lemonly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10010942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Background Dylan and Christina are 18 Harry, Jimi, and Naoko are 16 Kelly is 15 Quote from Gilmore Girls Summary: While at a concert in New York, Jimi and Naoko sneak away after they are invited to a college party in an apartment building close by. Harry and Kelly nervously bit their lips as they waited for Dylan and Christina to join them. The two older teenagers had had tickets to their concert already (Christina had to review it for the school's newspaper and had invited Dylan to go with her as he loved the band) and wanted to surprise four of their younger siblings, and Kelly's best friend, who were also fans of the band. Unfortunately, the younger teens were not sitting with the older two and when someone handed Jimi and Naoko a flyer, Harry and Kelly were powerless to stop them from leaving. \"Hey.\" Christina beamed, walking up to the two Beardsley siblings and Kelly's best friend, Katie, \"Did you guys like the concert?\" \"It was good.\" Kelly replied, trying to smile convincingly, trying to look around for the North siblings who had insured the other two that they would be back by the time the concert ended. \"What's wrong with your face?\" Dylan laughed, noticing the odd behavior from Harry and Kelly. \"Where are Jimi and Naoko?\" Christina asked, looking around, her smile slowly started to fad the longer her question went unanswered. She fixed Kelly and Harry with her \"Try-and-Lie-To-Me\" face until Kelly broke and handed her big sister one of the flyers, not meeting her eyes. She scanned her eyes over the paper, seeing no apartment number, she immediately began pushing through the crowd, Dylan ushering the three others out after the angry blonde. Reaching the building after her, they found her halfway down the hall on the first floor, talking to the occupant. \"Hi, I was wondering if college boys live here, or friends of college boys, and if they had-\" Christina began to ask, trying to keep her voice sweet and keep the panic out. \"I don't talk to people; people annoy me!\" the old lady replied before slamming the door in Christina's face. \"Okay.\" Christina replied, knocking on the door across the hall. \"She's going to knock on every door in the building, isn't she?\" Katie asked as they followed Christina, her voice filling with a kind of awe. \"Yup.\" Kelly nodded, going to stand next to her older sister. Dylan knocked on the door closest to him, earning a loud dog bark. \"Ahh!\" Dylan jumped before ushering Katie and Harry toward the stair case Chirstina had just gone up, \"Let's follow Christina!\" \"I wonder if I was missing, if my mom would come looking for me like that.\" Katie posed, watching Christina continue to knock on doors. \"Katie,\" Kelly replied, giving her best friend a look, \"you know she would.\" \"Yeah.\" Katie nodded, \"Or, at least, she'd send someone.\" \"Can I help you?\" the guy in the last apartment in the building asked as he opened the door. \"Stay here.\" Dylan told the other three, moving so that he was with Christina, not liking the way the guy was looking at her. \"Yeah.\" Christina nodded, pointing at the two North siblings, \"See those idiots over there? They're 16… underage and I bet you're not. I also bet those big, fancy party cups aren't holding lemonade. You really want to end any further conversation with me, so step aside, skippy.\" Turning her fierce gaze to Jimi and Naoko, she pointed toward the hallway, \"Move your asses outside… now !\" The two North siblings quickly ran out of the apartment, Christina slamming the door shut, looking angrier than Kelly or Harry had ever remembered her being. When they reached the car, Christina turned her attention to the 16 year old North kids, \"Hey, I am not even going to begin to tell you how completely insane it is to take off with anyone you don't know, or drink things that you don't know what's in them, or act like you have a clue when you don't , but, so help me God, if you ever pill a stunt like this again, it will not be around my younger siblings! Do you understand me?\" Christina shook her head and climbed into the passenger seat of the admiral's SUV, fixing her gaze forward as Kelly, Harry, and Katie climbed into the back seat. \"I have nothing to say to you.\" Dylan replied when Jimi and Naoko turned to look at him, \"Get in the car.\" With that Dylan climbed in to driver's seat and started the car as Jimi and Naoko got in. Pulling up to the house a couple hours later, after dropping Katie off, Christina got out of the car and entered the house, not saying anything as she rushed pasted Frank and Helen and up to her room. \"What happened?\" Frank asked Dylan as the others walked into the house. Kelly and Harry quickly went upstairs, leaving Dylan to explain before he, too, escaped to his room. After thirty minutes of yelling, Jimi and Naoko were dismissed and told to go to bed and they would be given their punishment in the morning. On the way up to their room, Frank made a detour to stop by Christina's. Knocking lightly before opening the door, he found Christina asleep. He quietly entered the room, kneeling by her bed, her adjusted her blanket. Dropping a kiss to her forehead, he said, \"You did good, Big Sister.\" \"It's 'well'.\" Christina murmered. \"Love you, baby girl.\" Frank chuckled softly. \"Love you, too, daddy.\" Christina replied before letting sleep take her over again. Frank pressed one more kiss onto her forehead before leaving the room, closing the door softly behind him. ","Summary":" Background Dylan and Christina are 18 Harry, Jimi, and Naoko are 16 Kelly is 15 Quote from Gilmore "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Abused Love","Author":"strawberry-sunset194","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7656916","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 2 years later... Kelly Beardsley trudged up the stairs to the bedrooms, the polished wood floor smooth under her bare feet. Yelling and playing could be heard from the lounge room where the younger children were; but she wasn't thinking about them. She turned to the left in the hallway; various artworks were pinned across the walls in a creative manner, a pair of dirty converse was sitting near the wall, an empty juice bottle was rolling very slowly down the hall and half a broken toy train had been left to rot. The few minutes seemed to take forever. \"Surely, Phoebe's room isn't this far?\" Kelly thought. Finally, she reached Phoebe and Christina's room but Christina was out at cheer leading. Kelly wiped her sweaty hands down faded blue jeans. She raised her hand to the door, knocked quietly and immediately began to fiddle with the buttons on her red tartan shirt. \"Come in,\" Kelly heard from Phoebe inside the room, she reached for the door then stopped abruptly. Do I really want to do this? She thought suddenly. \"Come in!\" Phoebe called louder. Kelly nodded. I have to, I need to tell someone that can help. She turned the handle and entered, Phoebe glanced up from her laptop with a smile. She was obviously doing some University assignment in a typical Phoebe outfit; flowered dress with a cardigan. Kelly couldn't help but be jealous; Phoebe knew exactly who she was and what she wanted. \"What's up Kelly?\" she said looking back to the laptop, only half interested. Kelly slowly moved over to the bed awkwardly perching herself on it. Phoebe peeked a look and noticed that she was unconsciously fidgeting with her hands. After another moment, Phoebe grew a little curious. \"Are you okay?\" Kelly gulped, \"Um, I was wondering if you could help me with something,\" Phoebe looked away from the laptop, smoothly swivelling her chair to face Kelly, \"Of course,\" Kelly went for a smile but her face was rigid and she looked extremely uncomfortable. Phoebe waited, \"Do you want to tell me what I'm helping you with?\" \"Um, yeah I guess...can you not tell anyone? Please, Phoebe?\" Kelly looked into Phoebe's eyes for the first time, her deep blue eyes were a sea of worry and pleading. \"I promise\" \"Thank you,\" Kelly let her eyes drop again and her fringe covered half her face, she swallowed hard \"Ok, do you remember Tony?\" Phoebe tried not to show her disgust, Tony was a twenty year old, half or all Filipino guy. Christina had met him and decided that she was totally and completely infatuated beyond belief; Phoebe however saw past his continuous supply of coloured hats, shiny black hair and skate shoes to see him for the irritating child that he was. Phoebe also knew that he was unfaithful to Christina, frequently and he was a sexist idiot who used women for his own joy. \"Unfortunately...\" Phoebe responded. \"Yeah, um a few months ago he sort of started to...well,\" Kelly racked her brains for words, \"I guess...you know, with me,\" \"You know?\" Phoebe asked confused. \"Like...flirt\" Kelly said quickly. \"Did you tell Christina?\" Phoebe asked wondering what her reaction would've been. Kelly shuffled, \"No...he said that he liked me, and wanted to end things with Christina properly and that I shouldn't mention it to her because he didn't want to make her upset,\" Kelly practically threw the words out at Phoebe in a rush; something that she had done whenever she was nervous. Kelly sat in silence as Phoebe took in her stepsisters obliviousness. \"Well, Kelly...maybe it's best to just tell Christina what's going on,\" Phoebe tried but Kelly shook her head. \"That's not it...he started, like hanging around with me a little more. And...he got more uh, touchy,\" \"Did you mind that?\" Phoebe asked, wondering if she was handling the situation correctly. \"No, no. It was fine...fine...but later...\" Kelly's voice started to wobble and crack, she let her hair cover her eyes. \"Later?\" Phoebe asked trying to find out all the facts before she made another assumption again. Kelly started to shake, Phoebe moved closer and attempted to pat her arm affectionately but Kelly winced and retracted it at once. \"Sorry, sorry,\" Phoebe said realising that something truly terrible must have happened. Something that she wasn't willing to put the thought of it into her mind. Phoebe sat feeling extremely unhelpful for several minutes, she needed to find out what had happened so she could help Kelly but she didn't want to seem forceful. After another two minutes Kelly coughed and gained a little more control, \"...sorry..\" she mumbled. \"It's alright,\" Kelly nodded, face still hidden and still shaking. \"What happened later?\" \"...well, Christina wanted to go Christmas shopping with the rest of the family. Everyone but Joni, Dylan, Jimi and I...D-Dylan was meant to watch us but he went s-somewhere with Jimi and Joni...I can't remember what Joni was doing. I think, no, um-\" \"It doesn't matter what Joni was doing,\" Phoebe whispered softly. \"Yeah...ok, well Tony came around. In his truck, and-and I told him Christina was shopping...so he-he said we could hang out,\" Kelly took another swallow, dry and bitter with the flavour of salty tears prickling her taste buds, \"We went into the basement TV room...and we started watching a movie...h-he kept touching me...but um then he, um kept going and-and I said I-I didn't want to...\" Kelly's voice broke and she began to rock a little. \"Didn't want to?\" \"...I didn't want to do it! He told me it was fine...and I-I-I said no...but he's strong...\" the rest of her sentence was muffled and didn't make sense. Phoebe's hand clasped her mouth, and tears formed in her eyes, \"Kelly? You didn't want to...\" Kelly nodded ever so slightly, \"That's rape Kelly! You can report him, he can go to jail for this! You can testify and-\" \"What? Phoebe, no!\" \"We can tell Mum and she can-\" \"Phoebe!\" Kelly gasped looking up, eyes filled to the brim with tears as hot salty ones streaked her face violently. \"You said you wouldn't tell anyone!\" \"But Kelly-\" \"You said!\" Kelly squeaked. Phoebe let her eyes fall to her lap, as thoughts flowed around her mind. \"Ok. I promise I won't tell anyone, but I can't help you with this problem unless we tell someone-\" \"That's not the problem Phoebe,\" Kelly whispered. Phoebe's face blinked, \"What?\" \"...that's not the problem...\" Kelly mumbled. Phoebe was amazed, 'How could that not be the problem?' She thought desperately. \"What is it?\" Phoebe asked, \"Did he give you something Kelly? Like an STD?\" Kelly shook her head, \"No...I hope not anyway,\" Phoebe let herself relax a little bit while she waited for Kelly to continue. \"...I'm late...\" \"For?\" Kelly stayed completely quiet while Phoebe realised what she meant, \"Oh, oh! That kind of late...\" \"Yes,\" \"...you think you may be?\" Phoebe asked. Kelly bowed her head in agreement. \"How long?\" \"Five months...before...it,\" Kelly mumbled. Phoebe mentally swore, the likelihood of Kelly being pregnant was high from what she had said. \"I wanted to ask if you could get me a test,\" Kelly lifted her head a little higher to look at Phoebe whom ran her hand through her curly auburn hair. \"Kelly, Mum has a few in her room...I could get them now.\" Kelly's eyes grew wide, \"What?\" she peeped. \"You could do the test now,\" \"Oh, well I guess I should do it sooner...\" Kelly swallowed trying to trick her mind into believing what she was saying. \"Alright, just wait here.\" Phoebe exited the room as Aldo came tearing down the hallway Ethan in tow, Phoebe stepped backwards to let the rockets fly but just as she did Marisa and Bina yelled \"HEY! We'll catch you!\" Phoebe rolled her eyes, slightly numb from the information she had just received. Disbelief flooded her mind like a horrible wave. She quickly remembered the test. Three hallways and a pig later she was at her mother and Frank's room, none of the kids were meant to go in there but she figured this was an emergency. Besides, she wasn't a kid any more. The wooden handle was smooth underneath her fingers, when she finally heard the click she slowly entered and softly closed the door behind her. The bed was ship shape clean; Frank's influence. It smelt like lavender and there was a lovely bouquet of flowers in the vase. Phoebe stepped past the bed and mirrored closet into the en suite that she was so very jealous of. The beautiful white bench top, gleaming clean mirror, fresh soap bar, dry floor (she shared with the younger boys) and the lids on toothpaste and hair care products. Phoebe shook her head angrily, wondering why she could be thinking jealously at a time like this. Yanking open the cupboard she reached inside, boxes of pads and tampons were everywhere. Obviously Frank didn't mind if this part of the bathroom was kept untidy. After reaching past a particular cream that she hoped to never come across ever again, she found several pregnancy tests. She took two, and searched for an expiry date just in case. After at least half an hour of supportive words, reassurance and a detailed explanation of how to work a pregnancy test a broken Kelly went into the bathroom hopefully. Kelly's life changed in that hour. A blanket of silence had rested upon the room. Phoebe sat glaring at the pregnancy tests trying to channel anger at Tony while Kelly had her feet on the bed and face into her knees. Her shivering hadn't stopped and it was worse than ever, she felt hopeless and lost, violated and betrayed. \"Life's unfair.\" Kelly snapped the silence in two with her brutal sentence. Phoebe nodded tragically, \"I know...just remember you can't run away from the rain as it will only fall into the river.\" ~Finish~ Please review :) ","Summary":" 2 years later... Kelly Beardsley trudged up the stairs to the bedrooms, the polished wood floor smo"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"To Forget","Author":"poppybear128","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8375376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I though you all might like this, one of my friends said it was boring and that I needed to fix it. I like it just the way it is. I would like criticism, it will help me with my writing. I hope you like it. 3 Jared looked out over the ice cold landscape. Admiring the tall trees covered with diamonds dust. Watching the sun peaking through the trees before it disappears into the night. The air was crisp and there was a slight breeze, cold yet comforting. He looked down at his boots, berried in the snow. Tears were in his eyes, one managed to escape, slowly rolling down his face before descending to the ground. He didn't bother to wipe it away like he normally would. The sun was melting away the ice but the snow would soon triumph. Still, little water droplets hit the lake. Like the keys of a piano. All synced together, like it was playing a song for him. An evanescent mist lay above the water, the sight was irrefutably beautiful. All he could do now was stare at his own reflection. Pained by a loss he now had to live with forever. Looking up at the sky he wondered. Will I ever see them again? Did I do the right thing? Am I a good father? Am I a good husband? He knew if Carla heard him say these things she would throw in a winsome attitude and convince him that he was a great man, and an even greater father. That is what she always said. He smiled. Moving seems to be great idea at the time, but now he wasn't so sure. Time seemed to stand still here, something he enjoyed, something he missed. It was like an anomaly to him now, he use to come here all the time as a kid. This is the first time in 8 years sense he'd been here. He turned around, and started to head back to the cabin. It was old and quite hackneyed. Some wind damage on the roof, animals dug into the side of the building. The porch creaked under his feet. An old rocking chair waited for him, and guitar leaning against it. His name etched into the side of the neck. He sat down kicking the snow off his boots, snatching the guitar before it fell to the ground. Wouldn't be much use to him if it was in pieces. He set it down gently next to him leaning against the cabin. Taking a couple deep breaths before reaching into his coat pocket and checking his cellphone. No Messages, it read. He frowned and placed it down on the side table. Jared tried to clear his mind but he couldn't stop thinking about Aden and little Sarah. His kids, their smiling faces. Carla laughing and flirtatiously shoving him as he tried to kiss her. It was hard to push them away, but that is what he came he to do. To forget. ","Summary":" I though you all might like this, one of my friends said it was boring and that I needed to fix it."},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"In The Arms Of Sleep","Author":"AlexaVeela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8186524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola! ¿Qué tal? Espero que les agrade este one-shot con contenido FEMSLASH (Chica/chica), si no lo hace… te invito a abandonar esta historia. Así de fácil :)! Podría añadir que contiene incesto, pero técnicamente Phoebe y Christina no son hermas de sangre, sino hermanastras. Pero bueno, lo dejo al criterio de cada lector. Gracias! ~X~ In the Arms of Sleep La noche cayo una vez más en la casa de los Beardsley - North, la melancolía era casi palpable en las cuatro paredes de cada habitación. Phoebe y William se marchaban a la universidad. Sería la última cena con su familia, pasarían meses para poder degustar del ambiente cálido y alegre nuevamente. Cada uno de ellos se había acostumbrado a disfrutar de las diferencias. Sin embargo, eso no era solamente lo que agobiaba a cierta chica de cabello claro. Christina Beardsley intentaba mantenerse al corriente con la charla de sus padres, no era como si Phoebe o William no regresarían jamás. -Supongo que vamos acostumbrarnos –respondió William como siempre con su tono firme. -Phoebe, cualquier cosa que llegues a necesitar puedes pedírsela a tu hermano. El te… -No soy una bebe, se cómo cuidarme yo sola. –interrumpió la mayor de los North. Christina no pudo evitar sonreír ante la actitud un poco independiente de su \"hermana\". Extrañaría todas sus discusiones tontas y platicas sin importancia, después de todo era así como la familia se relacionaba, ¿no? Pero tan pronto como cayó en cuenta de sus pensamientos se maldijo mentalmente, entre los miembros de una familia no puede haber otro tipo de amor que no sea fraternal, mucho menos si se sentía atraída por su propia hermanastra. Quizás en un principio todo era una simple competencia, no existía la tolerancia entre ellas pero algo cambio. -Christina, ¿te encuentras bien? –pregunto Helen con preocupación. La joven se dio cuenta de la atención que recibía en ese momento, el comedor estaba en silencio mientras esperaban su respuesta. Phoebe le miraba fijamente con su rostro inexpresivo, pero sus ojos denotaban preocupación. -Perfectamente –Mintió desviando su mirada hacia el plato frente a ella.- Solo estoy un poco cansada, ¿puedo retirarme? Helen y Frank intercambiaron una mirada de preocupación antes de asentir. A pesar de que esta sería la ultima cena con Phoebe y William antes de marcharse a la universidad, eso no iba a detenerla en su huida. -x- Los minutos transcurrieron de forma lenta, el silencio de su habitación era ensordecedor. La luz del faro se colaba entre las cortinas traviesamente, sus ojos permanecían fijos en el techo blanco de la habitación. Sus pensamientos seguían siendo un mar interminable, llenos de dudas y temores. No importaba lo mucho que Christina intentara ignorar los sentimientos por su hermanastra, siempre estaban presentes y el compartir una habitación con ella no ayudaba en lo más mínimo. Sin embargo, Phoebe se iba a la universidad por la mañana. No volvería a verla dormir tranquilamente, no volvería a escuchar sus balbuceos entre sueños. Todo eso estaba a punto de acabar. En la universidad había miles de alumnos y personas atractivas, no iba a sorprenderse si Phoebe se enamoraba de un chico de su clase o algún amigo. Seguramente ahí se encontraría con la persona indicada para llegar al altar. Una lagrima resbalo por la mejilla de la joven al imaginar lo que pasaría en un futuro. Sus pensamientos fueron interrumpidos cuando la puerta se abrió lentamente. Christina cerró los ojos y fingió estar dormida, Phoebe no debía darse cuenta de su angustia. -Se que no estás dormida –Dijo la chica mayor tranquilamente.- Creí que estarías feliz de saber que mañana me iré. El tono de voz sonaba simpático, pero aun así Christina se negó a hablar. Ella no quería que su hermana se fuera, no quería ver su cama sola al día siguiente. Pero tendría que aprender a lidiar con algunas cosas, como vivir sin Phoebe durante meses o años. -Christina… La chica mayor se acerco a la cama de su hermana con cierta rigidez. Ella no era tonta, su hermana menor tenía problemas. Era su última noche con ella, tenía que intentar al menos hacer lo correcto. -Dime que sucede contigo –insistió Phoebe con calma. Un escalofrió recorrió el cuerpo de Christina al sentir como el espacio a su lado se hundía. Su respiración comenzó a entrecortarse, durante semanas evito la cercanía con su hermana pero en ese momento lo único que anhelaba era algún tipo de contacto físico con ella. Con un rápido movimiento Christina se enderezo, y se abalanzo sobre su la chica rodeándola con sus brazos. Decir que Phoebe se sorprendió ante su repentino acto queda corto, pero de todas maneras respondió al gesto afectuoso. -Oye… Las palabras de la joven quedaron atrapadas en su garganta cuando sintió los labios de Christina sobre los de ella, Phoebe se tenso inmediatamente pero no se aparto. En algún momento ella comenzó a responder el beso. Cuando el aire se hizo necesario entre ambas, las chicas se separaron. -Esto está mal –espeto Phoebe en voz baja sin dejar de mirar el rostro de Christina. -Lo sé, pero no pude evitarlo. Una pequeña sonrisa se abrió paso en la cara de la joven mayor, mientras sus ojos permanecieron fijos en el rostro de su hermanastra. -Te das cuenta que… -Esta noche tiene que ser especial. –Interrumpió Christina colocando uno de sus dedos sobre los labios de ella.-Te necesito esta noche, ahora mismo. No hubo algún momento para protestar o detener aquello que parecía prohibido pero tentador, ambas hermanas se dejaron llevar por el deseo y curiosidad, por la atracción que en algún momento comenzó a desarrollarse. Phoebe se alejo del beso y rápidamente salió de la habitación. Christina parpadeo varias veces un poco dolida, a punto de derramar las lágrimas acumuladas en sus ojos, la puerta nuevamente se abrió revelando a Phoebe. -Solo quería asegurarme que no fueran a interrumpirnos –explico acercándose a la cama y notar el rostro angustiado de la otra chica.- ¿Qué pasa? -Creí que tu…-La voz de la joven se quebró rompiendo el corazón de su hermana mayor. -Todo estará bien, Christina. –Susurro rodeándola con sus brazos.-Yo me quedare a tu lado. Phoebe continúo sosteniendo a su hermanastra menor con ternura. -x- Sabanas húmedas, respiraciones pesadas, dos chicas desnudas a punto de caer dormidas. Christina se acurruco contra el cuerpo caliente a su lado, la sonrisa de satisfacción parecía iluminar la habitación oscura. Tras colocar un pequeño beso en los labios de Phoebe, lentamente cerro sus ojos deseando que el tiempo se detuviera. Los minutos transcurrieron de manera rápida, al menos para la mayor de los North. Con cuidado de no despertar a Christina, Phoebe desactivo la alarma. Después de lo que habían hecho seria más difícil despedirse. El suelo de la habitación nuevamente quedo intacto, no había rastro alguno de la ropa desechada con desesperación, o del acto ilícito cometido. Phoebe aseguro su maleta, sus ojos se empañaron ligeramente al ver la cama donde Christina dormía profundamente. Lentamente se acerco hacia ella y coloco un suave beso en la frente de la chica menor, mientras su mano delineo la mandíbula expuesta poco a poco. -Se que vas a odiarme cuando despiertes, pero espero que comprendas lo difícil que es para mí encontrar una solución a lo que ha pasado. Viniste a mí como un ángel cuando estaba de rodillas.-Susurro grabando el rostro de la joven.- Christina, voy hacer cualquier cosa para tenerte de nuevo entre mis brazos y hacerte sentir bien, solo te pido tiempo y paciencia. Voy a extrañarte donde quiera que vaya, no lo olvides. Un suave golpe en la puerta la sobresalto, Phoebe exhalo lentamente conteniendo las lágrimas acumuladas. Su rostro se acerco hasta el de su hermanastra y coloco un casto beso en los labios. -Te amo –Susurro entre dientes al alejarse. Los rayos del sol iluminaron el rostro de Christina y una sonrisa se dibujo al recordar los sucesos de la noche anterior. El viento fresco de la mañana erizo su piel desnuda. Y por inercia, una de las manos de la joven buscó el cuerpo caliente de su hermanastra. -Phoebe –Gimió arropando su cuerpo. No hubo respuesta y la mano se encontró con la cama fría. Un nudo en la garganta se formo con rapidez, la castaña apretó las sabanas contra su cuerpo sintiendo el dolor de la ausencia de su amor.- Phoebe. -x- Una semana había transcurrido, Phoebe y William habían llamado distraídamente solo diciendo lo bien que estaban. Christina solo se limitaba a escuchar las divagaciones de sus padres y hacer caso omiso de las travesuras de sus hermanos. La casa, su habitación y su corazón se sentían tan vacio. La joven lentamente se exhalo jugueteando con su comida hasta que una bola de papel cayó en su plato. Su mirada se clavo en el culpable fulminándole con enojo. -Has estado como zombi –Dijo Dylan con su habitual tono de voz travieso. Nadie parecía notar su interacción, ni siquiera sus pequeños hermanos sentados a ambos lados. Christina opto por ignorar su comentario y seguir jugueteando con su comida, su padre comenzó a divagar acerca de una misión que había tenido tiempo atrás. Eso pareció despertar la curiosidad de todos sus hermanos, incluido Dylan. Por una vez en su vida agradeció las viejas y repetitivas historias de su padre en el mar, con cuidado se levanto de la mesa y se despidió brevemente de todos. El llegar a su habitación no fue de gran ayuda, mucho menos recostarse en su cama donde una semana atrás se había entregado a Phoebe. Sin embargo, tenía que ser fuerte y superar su perdida. Por el bien de ambas. -x- William camino junto a ella en silencio manteniendo su rostro inexpresivo, algunas chicas suspiraron cuando el paso por su lado haciendo caso omiso de su presencia. Phoebe mantuvo la calma y evito rodar sus ojos con ironía, su hermanastro parecía tener su mirada fija al frente como si dependiera su vida de ello. Ya habían pasado cinco meses desde que entraron a la universidad, y por mucho que quisiera ignorarlo, Christina se negaba a tener algún tipo de contacto. Su teléfono inmediatamente la mandaba a buzón, los mensajes nunca fueron respondidos al igual que los correos. Tan solo una vez había escuchado su voz, ocurrió tan solo tres días antes cuando llamo a casa como siempre lo hacía. Una vez que Christina reconoció su voz rápidamente paso el teléfono a Dylan o cualquier otro. Mantener la compostura de chica indiferente se estaba volviendo una tarea difícil, Phoebe se mordía la lengua cada vez que hablaba con sus padres y se abstenía de preguntar por ella. El miedo de que alguien pudiera descubrir su pequeño secreto era demasiado preocupante. -Phoebe, ¿estás escuchándome? –Cuestiono William con su rostro preocupado, causándole incomodidad. La joven asintió lentamente sosteniendo su mirada profunda e insistente. -Si, Will… yo solo. –Balbuceo con nerviosismo desviando su mirada hacia el suelo del pasillo.- Lo siento. -Está bien, quería solamente decirte que dentro de unos días podríamos ir a visitar nuestros padres y hermanos. –Espeto el chico sorprendiéndola con la guardia baja.- A menos que quieras quedarte, pero tendrías que explicarle a… -Ya entendí, y acepto. –Interrumpió Phoebe con una sonrisa.- No hay nada más que quisiera hacer. Los extraño. El joven asintió y coloco una de sus manos sobre sus hombros para confortarla. -Si estás de acuerdo llamare a papá y… -¿Por qué no los sorprendemos? –Pregunto la chica con entusiasmo.- Quiero decir, sería más emocionante, ¿no? ~X~ Christina contuvo la respiración mientras observaba la escena frente a ella con incredulidad. Su cuerpo permaneció inmóvil a pesar de los fuertes empujones de sus otros hermanos, Phoebe y William acababan de llegar sorprendiendo a todos. Después de cinco meses finalmente su hermanastra estaba de vuelta, luciendo mejor que nunca. A pesar de que seguía manteniendo ese estilo casual y despreocupado, sus rasgos se veían más maduros que la última vez. Su figura delgada seguía manteniendo la forma que recordaba a la perfección. Finalmente cuando logro salir de su trace se vio envuelta en un abrazo casi asfixiante. William beso su templo antes de separarse de ella, la mirada de la joven se dirigió más allá de su hombro donde cierta chica le sonreía abiertamente. -Chicos, que alegría verlos. –Exclamo Helen abrazando a Phoebe.- ¿Por qué no llamaron para decirnos que vendrían? Hubiéramos preparado algo especial. -En realidad queríamos evitar eso, William y yo decidimos darles la sorpresa. –Respondió la chica sin romper contacto visual con su hermanastra. Frank se acerco y la abrazo por unos momentos, Christina evito rodar sus ojos cuando empezó a dar un discurso de bienvenida. Se escucharon algunos gruñidos y resoplidos al notar su mirada distante y pecho robusto, postura que solo tomaba cuando daba un discurso en su trabajo. Uno a uno de los niños Beardsley – North fueron marchándose, William y Phoebe compartieron una sonrisa que no paso desapercibida para Dylan y Christina. -Cariño, creo que los chicos necesitan ir a desempacar. –Interrumpió Helen con timidez. El hombre observo a sus hijos un poco desconcertado antes de asentir y disculparse. -Estoy orgulloso de ustedes. –Dijo antes de marcharse. Dylan golpeo el hombro de William hablando acerca de su nueva guitarra Les Gibson, ambos se marcharon ajenos a la tensión entre las dos chicas. Phoebe finalmente dio un paso hacia el frente extendiendo sus brazos, la sonrisa en su rostro se intensifico al ver las lágrimas en los ojos de marrones de Christina. Una descarga eléctrica recorrió el cuerpo de ambas al sentir su piel rozarse, era como revivir la última noche que pasaron juntas y que había sido inolvidable. Varios minutos después la menor de las chicas se alejo con cuidado sin dejar de mirar atentamente a su hermanastra, grabando en su memoria cada pequeña parte de su rostro. -Te extrañe. –Susurro Phoebe en voz baja y frágil. Christina entreabrió sus labios lentamente para hablar, sin embargo Phoebe la silencio un pequeño beso que había estado anhelando durante mucho tiempo. En algún momento la castaña menor comenzó a corresponderle hasta caer en cuenta de lo que estaban haciendo. Ella se separo bruscamente sintiéndose de pronto paranoica, la mirada de su hermanastra se opaco con decepción. Sintiéndose culpable por sus actos, Christina la tomo de su mano y la arrastro a su habitación asegurándose de poner candado. -Me hiciste tanta falta. –Dijo la chica Beardsley entre besos.- No puedo creer que estés aquí. -Yo tampoco, pero sé que esta vez no estoy soñando. Tú estás aquí conmigo después de todo este tiempo. Phoebe coloco ambos brazos en la cintura de joven más pequeña y la atrajo en un abrazo largo. La cena transcurrió de manera normal hasta que Frank y Helen empezaron preguntar por los estudios. William, como siempre, respondió de manera uniforme e indiferente haciendo hincapié en los comentarios que recibía de sus maestros. Mientras que Phoebe hablo un poco de sus compañeros y las materias, que en su mayoría le resultaban fáciles y comprensibles. Christina no perdió ningún gesto en su rostro, la forma en que sus ojos brillaban con alegría al hablar de su nueva vida. Finalmente cuando la cena termino las dos se marcharon apresuradamente a su habitación, Dylan mantuvo su mirada fija en ellas hasta que la puerta de su habitación se cerró bajo llave, un rubor cubrió su rostro al comprobar que sus sospechas eran ciertas. ~x~ Phoebe se dejo caer a un lado de Christina con una sonrisa satisfactoria en su rostro. A pesar de sus cuerpos sudados y pegajosos, ambas los entrelazaron nuevamente. La luz del faro ilumino por unos momentos, exhibiéndolas en medio de la penumbra, la mayor de los North coloco su mano sobre vientre desnudo de su compañera disfrutando de la piel suave y bien cuidada bajo su tacto. -¿Por qué no querías responder a mis llamadas? Creí que…- -Se que tienes muchas preguntas, y voy a responderlas todas. –Interrumpió Christina colocando su dedo índice sobre los labios de la chica.- Pero será mañana, te lo prometo. -Está bien, pero al menos responde una pregunta que ha estado haciéndome la vida imposible. – Su amante asintió deslizando su dedo hacia abajo con lentitud.- ¿Fue a causa de alguien más? -Creí necesitar a alguien para aliviar mi mente, pero me equivoque. –Contesto con cierta culpa y vergüenza.- Tú eres la única persona con quien deseo pasar el resto de mi vida, la única que puede traer paz a este corazón solitario… aunque eso signifique que solo sea entre estas cuatro paredes. La mirada de Phoebe brillo a causa de las lágrimas contenidas. Sus labios nuevamente se unieron en un beso lento y suave, donde los sentimientos quedaron expuestos. Christina suspiro lentamente cuando se alejo, una sonrisa satisfactoria permaneció intacta en su rostro. -Definitivamente el sueño no vendrá a este cuerpo cansado ahora. –Susurro contemplando a la joven mayor.- Quiero que sufras mi deseo por ti. Phoebe asintió disfrutando de la calidez y comodidad que su hermanastra le proporcionaba. Ella simplemente se dejo llevar por los sensaciones que su cuerpo experimentaba, su mano acaricio la cara de Christina con ternura antes unir sus labios en otro beso suave y lento. -Con gusto lo hare. ~X~ Gracias por haber entrado! :D ","Summary":" Hola! ¿Qué tal? Espero que les agrade este one-shot con contenido FEMSLASH (Chica/chica), si no lo "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"A Special Love","Author":"Walkinthegarden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8554514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] William loved all his siblings, but Kelly had always had a special place in his heart. It had started the minute Kelly was born. William had been seven years old when his father came out with little Kelly in his arm. Christina was looking after the younger kids in the corner of the waiting room while he sat and watched TV. \"Hey William, meet your newest sister, Kelly Ann Beardsley,\" Frank said as he gently placed the sleeping baby girl in his arms. William smiled to himself as he looked down on his little sister. Frank went to go see how his wife was doing, leaving William a few minutes alone with Kelly. \"Hi Kelly, I'm your big brother William,\" he said to the sleeping infant. \"You have another big brother, but I'll always be your favorite. Nobody will ever hurt you, I'll protect you. I'll chase away the monsters for you because you're my little sister. Christina will be able to help you with make up and cloths, but when you just need someone who loves you; you come to me, ok Kelly?\" After that day William watched over Kelly like the protective older brother he was. When Richard Malone pulled her braids in the first grade, he gave the boy a talking to. When her teacher yelled at her in the third grade, he held her in his arms till she stopped crying and waited till everyone was asleep to put on her favorite movie. Sometime, though William couldn't quite remember when, Kelly started climbing into his bed in the middle of the night. At first she would say it was because of monsters and bad dreams, but before either of them knew it, it was a nightly routine. Kelly would wait till everyone was asleep before sneaking across the hall to William's room and crawling into her big brother's bed. Sometimes they'd lay there and talk, Kelly curled up in his arms, other times they'd just lay in silence as William stroked her hair and showered in butterfly kisses. When Frank married Helen, it all stopped. Kelly no longer had her own room and neither did William. Both of them were on constant edge, neither able to sleep having gotten so used to sleeping together. William missed holding her close just as much as she missed being held. Dylan had caught them once, they'd escaped to the beach were William had cradled her in his lap as they looked out over the ocean. Of course, being unable to censor his mouth, Dylan made an incestual comment that scared both William and Kelly. Was Dylan right? Were they to close? Was their love for each other strictly platonic? A part of William wondered if the reason he came up with the plan to split Frank and Helen up was because he wanted his own room again so he could hold Kelly as they slept. Really he didn't mind the North kids, they were unruly and out there, but they loved each other and they weren't bad kids. Kelly seemed to be getting along well with Helen, enjoying the feeling of a mom once again. William liked having another adult around so he didn't have to play a continuous parent to the little kids. He liked hanging out with Phoebe and listening to her play guitar while he studied. He liked playing football with Jimi and Dylan during the summer. He liked taking the twins, Ethan, and Aldo with Helen to the park. He liked his new family, but he loved his time with Kelly even more. For his 17th birthday, Frank and Helen got him a silver Ford truck. It was the answer to everything. Friday nights, when everyone was asleep, William would sneak out of the house with Kelly in toe to do some activity that they picked out. Sometimes he took her to the beach, sometimes they went to the park. No matter what they did, the night always ended with Kelly falling asleep and William having to carry her (and her shoes which always ended up off her feet) to the car. It was the early hours of the morning when he'd sneak back in and put her to bed. The night before he went off to college, he decided to take Kelly somewhere special, somewhere different. He told Frank and Helen that he was going to a friend's in Vermont who had a little sister that Kelly was good friends with so he was taking her along. It was a lie of course, one that his friend knew about and was willing to cover. He didn't tell Kelly where they were going, just that it was somewhere special. It was nearly midnight when they arrived. The moon was full and the air was warm around them. William helped Kelly down from the passenger seat before covering her eyes with his hands. \"William?\" she asked nervously. \"Trust me,\" he whispered, giving a gentle push to get her started. They walked for a few minutes before they stopped. When he removed his hands from her eyes she let out a gasp. She was standing in the middle of a clearing in the forest that someone had made into a beautiful garden. The garden was consumed with small fire flies, glowing in the moonlight. \"It's beautiful William,\" she whispered, turning in her brother's arms to face him. \"You probably don't remember this, but when mom got sick, while pregnant with Ethan, you were so upset. I brought you here, to get away from everything. This is where we found out that Ethan was born and mom had died.\" \"I remember,\" she whispered, staring into her brother's moist eyes. \"You answered your cell phone while I played in the daisies. You turned to look at me and you were crying. That's when you told me what happened. You danced with me, because mom always said she'd teach me.\" \"Yeah, I did. Will you, Kelly Ann Beardsley dance with me?\" The next morning William and Kelly said their private goodbyes to each other. It was short but full of emotion and tears. When William got into his car that afternoon, the outside world thought he was waving to his family, and he was, but the tears in his eyes were only for Kelly, because even though he loved all his brothers and sisters, Kelly had always had a special place in his heart. A/n can be incest or just sibling love, didn't really write it with either in mind so it doesn't matter to me. ","Summary":" William loved all his siblings, but Kelly had always had a special place in his heart. It had start"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"A is for After","Author":"Eve-the-Charlotte-Archive","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5691694","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A is for After by Eve-the-Charlotte Pairing: It's a surprise. . . . Prompt: Happily ever after. Reason for writing this: I am the laziest excuse for a white woman on the planet. I don't feel in a TD series mood. Take your pick, though the first one is actually hitting the nail on the head, if you get the reference. His fingers trailed up her arm, over her shoulder, across her neck, to cup her face. His hands were large, nearly as big as her face. And you know what they say about big hands. At this thought, she began to giggle, then suddenly hushing up when his thumb brushed her lips. He stared at her, his darling angel from Kyoto. He had grown over the years, yet she had as well, just not in the usual way. Instead of gaining stature, she simply became more womanly as she grew older. He loved that, as he loved all of her. She was staring at him now as he stared at her. This continued for only a moment though, before he closed his eyes and kissed her softly, sweetly. She smiled against his lips before fluttering her eyelashes closed and returning the gentle kiss. She then drew back enough to whisper the words, \"I love you, Jimi.\" \"I love you, too, Naoko. Always,\" was his response before he captured her lips again. And they lived happily ever after. Bear with me, I know they are legally related and all, but I still find the idea of them together adorable. Please, read and review, but do not flame the pairing. Word count according to Microsoft Word 2007: 277. ","Summary":" A is for After by Eve-the-Charlotte Pairing: It's a surprise. . . . Prompt: Happily ever after. Rea"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"What Happens At College","Author":"Yellowgirllove16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7190855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Phoebe flung the sheets off her and got up from her bed. Cristina woke up and glared at her stepsister. \"Phoebe, it's only 5:46; why are you up now?\" \"I have a lot of work to do: I have to get to the shower, so my hair and make-up, get dressed, and eat breakfast.\" \"I so don't want to go to college soon.\" Cristina growled as she went back to sleep. Phoebe smiled as she playfully rolled her eyes. Phoebe left the room and rushed to the bathroom when she saw Will. She didn't really know what kind of relationship she had with Will; all she knew was that she didn't think of him as a brother. Phoebe didn't know if they were friends or not. The only time she hung out with him was when they were trying to get their parents to split up. It's still a surprise to her how they were going to the same college. Will was all smart, polite, and perfect when she was just a free spirited, guitar playing artist. She thought William would be going to Stanford or Harvard or any other preppy school like that, but instead he applied for UCLA: a mediocre school that was perfect for Phoebe. \"Good morning, Phoebe\" Will said politely. \"Morning, Will; you should go first It's gonna take me a while.\" Phoebe said moving a side so Will can go inside the bathroom. \"Thanks\" Will said as he went inside the bathroom. Phoebe used this time to go pick out an outfit. Will splashed cold water in his face. He couldn't believe he was going to college. Sometimes he wondered why he was going to UCLA. He didn't even bother to apply to Stanford or Harvard. Maybe he didn't want to go to a university far away from home. He shrugged it off. What he should be worrying about is going to an all new college with people he hardly knew. At least Phoebe was going to be there, but she wouldn't talk to him anyway; she'd probably the most popular girl in school: she's pretty, strong, and down to earth. Will doesn't really understand his relationship with Phoebe. Sometimes they might talk about school and stuff, but that was it. He doesn't really know anything about her. He didn't understand why she was going to UCLA, she was so talented and ambitious; he figured she would go to some performing arts college like Julliard or something. William heard someone banging at the bathroom door. William didn't have to open the door to know who it was. \"Why are you even up this early, Dylan?\" William asked. \"Cause I have to use the facilities; now open the door\" Dylan demanded \"Sorry, I'm shaving\" William said slyly. \"Ugh, hurry up\" Dylan said angrily. Ten minutes later William came out of the bathroom slightly wet with a towel around his waist. Dylan scoffed. \"Sure took you long enough.\" He said harshly. Phoebe walked out of her bedroom and froze when she caught a glimpse of Will. She put her hands over her eyes. Will laughed whole heartedly at this. \"Pheebz, you don't have to cover your eyes, you've seen me like this before.\" Phoebe put her hands down and looked away as she blushed. \"That was completely different; it was a prank and you thought the house was on fire.\" Dylan came out of the bathroom and looked at them strangely. \"What's up with you guys? And Phoebe, why do you have hair dye?\" \"Nothings wrong, and why do you think I have hair dye? I'm going to go dye my hair.' \"Okay well then…\" \"Can you move out of the way?\" \"Whatever; follow me, William\" William and Dylan went to their room as Phoebe went inside the bathroom still blushing. Dylan closed the door to his bedroom. \"So how do you feel about going to college?\" \"Nothing really it's just like going to school, but without parents.\" \"Lucky, at least you won't be completely alone.\" \"What do you mean; I don't know anyone there.\" \"You're going to be with Phoebe\" William scoffed. \"Oh please, she probably won't even talk to me; I bet she'll make all new friends in 5 minutes. \"So she'll still talk to you, she gets along with you the most here.\" \"What?\" \"The younger ones don't really relate to her, well except for Jimmy; I like to pull pranks on her, and Cristina can be a diva sometimes; you're the only one that doesn't annoy her.\" \"I never thought of it that way\" \"I know I'm good\" The rest of the morning was filled with goodbyes and tears. Helen refused to let go of Phoebe when she was hugging her, and Frank had a sad face on, but didn't cry. The rest of the children cried including Dylan. William and Phoebe finished putting their bags in the car and drove off to UCLA it was just 16 hours away. \"Ready, Pheebz?\" \"As ready as you are, Will.\" Chapter 2 coming soon ","Summary":" Phoebe flung the sheets off her and got up from her bed. Cristina woke up and glared at her stepsis"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Sisters","Author":"Zaskina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7325368","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Been awhile since I've posted. Enjoy, and feel free to leave a review, they inspire me to write more. :) \"Let's promise never to let boys come between us again.\" \"Yeah, like that's really gonna happen,\" seeing the slightly older girl's smile, it was impossible for Christina to not step closer and give her a hug. So maybe she stayed too close for a little too long. Maybe she felt shivers running down her spine when Phoebe wrapped an arm around Christina and put a hand on her back. She didn't think Phoebe would really mind her newfound attraction to her. Being the part-hippie, part-rocker she knew Phoebe was, Christina didn't think anything was really out of the dark-haired girl's game. But it wasn't like the seventeen-year-old was that easy to read. Then again, she'd just broken up with her boyfriend, hadn't she? She did that [and] pulled off a genuine smile way too easily for Christina to think Phoebe had ever actually felt anything for the boy. Was Nick just a ploy for Phoebe to get her attention? If that was what she was aiming for, she'd certainly gotten it. In a way, she supposed she hated Phoebe for re-awakening feelings she had learned to stuff down, hide away, and ignore. But then again they had probably always been there. So maybe she had brushed her lips against Phoebe's cheek as they pulled apart. Maybe she inhaled the faint body mist the girl used. [Mango.] It fit her, exoctic and warmly sweet. She would know, considering she now shared a room with her new 'sister.' Though they weren't related by blood, Phoebe and Christina were family now. Family didn't date family. No matter what. ","Summary":" Been awhile since I've posted. Enjoy, and feel free to leave a review, they inspire me to write mor"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Romeo, Juliet, and a Carwash","Author":"beautyqueen321","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6813452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yours, Mine, and Ours : Yes, it's another one-shot, just a little something that came to me a while back when I couldn't sleep. I guess I just needed to get it out. I had forgotten about it, but found it on my computer when I was cleaning out the files. I don't really know how I feel about it - constructive criticism is (as always) greatly appreciated. Summary : Audrey Andrews and William Beardsley became fast friends after they met when his father married Helen and they moved to the lighthouse. Audrey Andrews sat on her bed, reading a book by one of her favorite authors. It was a dreary day and it was wet outside with a slight mist of rain falling from the sky, not enough to be called a storm, but enough to cause her normally straightened hair to curl. She was startled when her cell phone rang, it was her best friend, William. \"Hey you,\" she spoke into the phone. \"Hey,\" he replied, she could practically hear the smile on his face, \"What are you doing today?\" She sighed, twirling a strand of her long brown hair around her finger, \"Nothing really, I'm just reading now. What about you?\" \"I'm trying to understand William Shakespeare,\" he said, she could tell he was frustrated. Everything usually came so easily to William, he was the star student, class president, an exceptional athlete, the guy all the other guys wanted to be, and the guy all the girls wanted to be with. \"Come on, Will, it's not that hard,\" she said, smiling slightly at the knowledge that she was the only one allowed to call him Will. Their English class was reading Romeo and Juliet and would eventually be acting out a few scenes at the school's Shakespeare festival. William, always wanting perfection, wanted to be Romeo. \"I just don't get iambic pentameter... or whatever it's called, I can't say the lines in the right rhythm or something. It just sounds really foreign,\" he complained. She knew he was being too hard on himself, he was always his biggest critic. \"Well of course it's going to sound foreign,\" Audrey said jokingly, \"You have the completely wrong accent.\" \"Doesn't your mom have the movie? Not the newer one with that guy from Titanic, but the older one from like the seventies,\" he asked. \"Yeah, we watch it on occasion. You want to borrow it?\" she asked. \"You know how crazy it is here, I'll never get the TV time required to finish it,\" William said, running a hand through his hair. He knew he was not being entirely truthful. He could possibly get the time to watch and maybe even enjoy the movie without his family interrupting, but a big part of him wanted to watch it with Audrey. They had spent many hours in her basement on the comfortable couch or up in her room watching movies, and although he wouldn't admit it readily, he enjoyed watching her just as much as he enjoyed watching the movies. He secretly loved the way she would sometimes mouth the words of her favorite movies, or how her big ocean-colored eyes would widen when she got scared or excited. But they were friends. He had to remind himself that they were just friends. \"You there?\" he heard her voice, bringing him back to reality. \"Oh, um yeah... sorry. The little kids were running around in their underwear again,\" he said, quickly making up something to tell her. Audrey smiled, \"Oh. Well, as I was saying, Mom is of course, gone on business or something... so, I'd love the company.\" Audrey secretly envied William for his family. More often than not, she was all alone in her house. She had no siblings, her parents had divorced when she was seven, and her mother was often away on business or with whomever was the flavor of the month. \"Ok, yeah. That sounds good. I'll be over in an hour or so,\" he said, his stomach doing a backflip at the thought of spending time alone with her, \"I can bring food if you want.\" \"A man after my own heart,\" Audrey said, despite her small frame, she could eat just as much as William, if not more and never gain a pound. She had good genes to thank for that, but she was active as well. She loved to run and she loved to dance. William blushed, \"Chinese?\" \"Yes please,\" Audrey said with a slight giggle, the same giggle that William loved to hear. Always one to be punctual, William arrived an hour later, knocking on the door. Audrey came down and opened the door with a smile, \"You know when it's just me here you don't really have to knock.\" \"Oh, well I'll remember that next time,\" William said, taking in her appearance. Her usually straightened hair was curly. During the length of their friendship he could count on one hand the times he had seen her hair in its natural state. He always asked her to wear it like that more often, but she always said it was just easier to deal with when it was straight. She had on a pair of well-worn jeans, the ones he instantly recognized as her favorite pair, and a blue t-shirt. He loved it when she wore that color. \"So,\" she said, moving to the side, allowing him to come into the house, \"To the basement?\" \"Sure,\" he said, \"I didn't bring anything to drink...\" \"Oh, no worries. I'll get those and some eating utensils and meet you down there. Will you get my blanket from the closet?\" she asked. Whenever they watched a movie, she had to be snuggled into the blanket. She insisted it made the movie experience much better for her because she was so comfortable, and the fact that she was cold-natured. \"Will do,\" William said, heading down the familiar hallways to the basement, stopping briefly at the closet to grab her blanket. At the start of the movie, they ate as they watched, neither of them really saying a word. William stole secret glances at her at the part where Romeo and Juliet first kissed, and noticed a slight pink tint to her cheeks as she gave an almost imperceptible sigh. When she had finished her Lo Mein, she leaned into his side, a position that had become familiar to her. She would never say it out loud, but she had come to like William as much more than a friend. She loved how he always had a clean smell, even if it was after one of their runs along the nature trail behind the park. She liked how he made her feel special, ignoring other people when they were spending time together and focusing just on her. She loved how he payed attention and remembered things about her that nobody else seemed to notice, not even her own parents. She even loved his crazy family. They sat there for the rest of the movie, each one savoring their moment alone. When the movie was finally over, William was the first to break the silence. \"That was a lot better than I thought,\" he said softly. \"It was beautiful,\" Audrey said, taking pride in the fact that for once she did not get all weepy from the death scene. \"Someone is a hopeless romantic,\" William said. Audrey just rolled her eyes, \"Come on Romeo, you need to practice if you're going to get that part.\" An hour later, William still wasn't grasping the way the lines should flow. \"This isn't working,\" he sighed, frustrated. \"I've got an idea,\" Audrey said, thinking back to one of her favorite cheesy teen romance books, \"Let me go get some shoes, meet me at the front door with your keys.\" \"What are we doing?\" William asked, a smile playing on his lips for the first time in an hour. \"Don't ask questions William, just do it. This will work. It has to work,\" Audrey said, skipping up the stairs to her bedroom. Once inside the car, she gave William directions that led to a car wash. \"A car wash?\" William asked, confused, \"Audrey, it's raining, it'll be a waste of money.\" \"Just trust me on this one okay? Pull up to the automatic one,\" she said, pulling both a ten dollar bill and a copy of the play from her purse. Once the car wash started, Audrey unbuckled and turned to William, who did the same. \"Now, you hear the swish sound of the water?\" She paused as William nodded, \"Just read this at the same speed and rhythm.\" William turned to the death scene and began to read, hesitantly at first, but then with more confidence. A small smile played on Audrey's lips as she listened, following along in her own book. Then they came to the kiss. Audrey blushed and looked down at her hands folded neatly in her lap. \"And then Romeo kisses Juliet,\" she said, still not making eye contact. William placed a finger under her chin and lifted her face up so that Audrey would be looking at him. He repeated his line before moving his hand to the back of her head and pressing his lips softly to hers. She was surprised at first and pulled away slightly, leaving only millimeters separating her lips from his. She allowed her hands to float up his forearms until they rested first on his shoulders then around his neck. William could hear his heart pounding in his ears. He wondered what was going through her mind. \"Please,\" he whispered. His brain reeling, he didn't know exactly why he said that word, but he didn't want to take back the kiss, that was for sure. Audrey licked her lips, her fingers tracing lazy shapes on the back of his neck before she closed the gap between their lips. Her kiss was more sure than his. It was like a release of all the pent up emotions they held for each other. It was slow, soft, and steady, their lips only breaking for seconds at a time that were separated by short pecks and smiles. When the loud buzzer went off, alerting them to slowly exit the wash they sprang apart, the fingers of one of Audrey's hands flew to her now slightly swollen lips. \"So what does this mean?\" she wondered out loud when they finally pulled up at her house. \"It... it means that I like you. I don't want to be just friends anymore. I want to be your Romeo,\" William said, suddenly liking Shakespeare. Audrey wrapped her arms around his neck and brought her lips to his once more. \"So is that a yes?\" William asked with a grin. \"Definitely,\" Audrey said before William leaned in to kiss her again. Two weeks later, William was on stage as Romeo to Audrey's Juliet. Their class won the festival and William and Audrey won both best kiss and best chemistry. ","Summary":" Yours, Mine, and Ours : Yes, it's another one-shot, just a little something that came to me a while"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Accidently in Labor","Author":"Gaffney06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5592220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I do not own anything. Accidently in Labor (Attic Bedroom) \"Will,\" Phoebe nudged him in the side. \"Will wake up.\" \"What's wrong?\" Will rolled over to face his wife. \"I'm not going out for pickles again. I've been twice tonight already.\" \"I think I'm in labor,\" Phoebe told him. \"What?\" Will sprang up out of bed. \"How can you already be on labor?\" \"I don't know, but I'm telling you, I'm in labor.\" \"How can you be for sure?\" \"My water just broke!\" Phoebe scolded. (Master Bedroom) \"Frank,\" Helen slowly sat up in bed. \"I think it's time.\" \"Time for what?\" Frank grumbled. \"The baby,\" Helen told him. \"I think I'm in labor.\" \"You think?\" Frank rolled over in bed. \"Wake me up when you know for sure.\" \"Frank!\" Helen yelled. \"Alright, alright.\" Frank moaned. \"I'm getting up.\" (Hallway) The door swung open as Will prepared to knock on the bedroom door. \"What the hell are you doing down here?\" Frank grumbled. \"Phoebe's in labor,\" Will ranted. \"No!\" Frank growled. \"Phoebe can't be in labor; Helen is in labor.\" \"Are you kidding me?\" Will asked as Phoebe joined him by the door. \"One of you better get me to the hospital.\" Phoebe told them through the pain. \"NOW!\" \"All north's and Beardsley's assemble now!\" Frank yelled to his children. \"What's going on?\" Jimmy asked as the entire clan now stood in the hallway. \"Yeah, what time is it?\" Christina asked. \"Early,\" Frank responded. \"The baby is coming.\" \"Which baby?\" Dylan asked. \"Hers, mine, ours,\" Helen told them, holding her stomach. \"Get you clothes on quickly,\" Frank instructed. \"We have to get to the hospital. I'm going to take Will and Phoebe in the car. Dylan, I need you and Christina to bring everyone else in the bus.\" (Car –20 minutes later) \"What can I do for you officer?\" Frank rolled the window down. \"You were driving seventy in a fifty-five zone,\" the officer explained. \"Why are you in such a hurry?\" \"My husband and I are in labor and so are our son and daughter,\" Helen explained as calmly as possible. \"Excuse me?\" The officer asked as Frank pounded his head against the steering wheel. \"\"Can you just give him the ticket before I have my babies in the car,\" Phoebe yelled from the backseat. \"License and registration please,\" the officer asked and Frank gave him the required documents. (Hospital – 10 minutes later) \"I'm in labor and it's his fault,\" Helen told the nurse pointing at Frank. \"Me too,\" Phoebe groaned. \"Defiantly his fault. \"I know how I am responsible for Helen, but how exactly am I responsible for you?\" Frank turned to Phoebe. \"You bought the faulty condoms and then gave them to us. Remember?\" Will reminded him. \"So we're back to that again. Are you ever going to let me forget it?\" Frank grumbled as Helen and Phoebe were sat in wheelchairs and rolled down the hallway. (20 Hours later – Birthing room one) \"You can do this baby,\" Will comforted Phoebe. \"Shut up Will. You aren't the one doing all the work,\" Phoebe yelled. \"Your part only lasted a couple seconds.\" \"You're right,\" Will continued to comfort her. \"You still need to relax and concentrate on breathing.\" \"Okay Phoebe, on the next contraction, I'm going to need you to push okay.\" The doctor told her. \"Oh God,\" Phoebe grabbed Will's hand and squeezed it hard as she felt the contraction begin. (Birthing room two) \"How much longer is this going to take?\" Frank grumbled. \"After this many kids shouldn't this one just pop right out?\" \"Put a sock in it Frank,\" Helen yelled. \"It shouldn't be long now,\" the doctor told. \"She's fully dilated and ready to push.\" \"Good. We're strange enough. I don't need my daughter to be born after my grandsons,\" Frank growled as Helen began to push. (Two hours later – Helen and Phoebe's shared hospital room) \"They are ALL so cute,\" Christina commented as she looked at her sister and nephews. \"What about names?\" Dylan asked. \"Phillip North Beardsley,\" Phoebe announced, kissing her one of her son's head. \"And this is Jacob North Beardsley,\" Will announced holding his second son. \"Elizabeth North Beardsley,\" Helen smiled as Frank rubbed the child's head. \"It's so sweet that they are going to be sharing the same birthday,\" Christina cooed. \"January 12th will always be a special day in the North-Beardsley house,\" Helen looked to her family. \"January 12th?\" Will asked. \"Yeah, I'm just glad that our daughter is the older of the two,\" Frank grumbled. \"She was born at 12:00 AM on the dot.\" \"Actually,\" Will told him. \"Phillip was born on the 11th at 11:55 PM and Jacob was born at 11:59 PM.\" \"Oh good grief,\" Frank fell to his knees. THE END!!!!! ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I do not own anything. Accidently in Labor (Attic Bedroom) \"Will,\" Phoebe nudged him"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Beautiful Stranger","Author":"MissBarry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3600848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beautiful Stranger The singlenlife was great as Becky knew all too well. Applying her mascara on anFriday night had become a ritual. She heard her flatmate shouting hernname as she applied the last cote. \"Almostndone!\" Becky yelled. She took one last look in the mirror andndecided she liked the reflection staring back at her. Her long rednhair was sleek and straight, she had persuaded Carly to do her hairnin a new style. She grabbed her purse and followed Carly out of thenfront door of their apartment. Theynclambered into a taxi and it set off for a club on Sunset Boulevard.nThe passed many famous Hollywood landmarks. This what Becky lovednmost about living in L.A, taking photographs and drawing pictures wasnher life, selling them was the harder part. The taxi stopped and theynclimbed out, Carly paid the driver then slid her arm into Becky's,n\"Oh how I love being single,\". Beckynlaughed, \"Come on Carl, let's go get them,\". The 2 girls walkednthrough the club's doors. Becky &nCarly made their way towards the bar. It was a bohemian type place,nthere were a few snooker tables scattered around and Becky recognisedna few paintings that were placed on the wall behind the bar. A smallnstage caught Becky's eye, a very attractive man was playing guitarnwith a band. She recognised him but wasn't sure if she believed it. \"Earthnto Becky,\". Carly snapped her fingers in Becky's face. Becky torenher eyes away from the attractive man, \"Red wine yum, cheersnCarly,\". Carlynrolled her eyes. She knew why Becky had been daydreaming, a man. Thenattractive man onstage lifted his sunglasses up and winked at Becky,nshe flushed and returned with her most glamorous smile. He put hisnhand to his heart as the song finished. Everyone in the club whoopednand clapped. \"Younknow who you just smiled at don't you,\". Carly handed Becky anglass. \"That's Johnny Depp,\". Beckynchoked on her wine \"Really? Oh my gosh. I thought I recognised himnbut couldn't quite believe it,\". \"Recognisednwho?\" A deep, sexy voice asked from behind her. Beckynturned around and was face to face with the most beautiful man she'dnever seen, he removed his sunglasses and his brown eyes stared deepninto her blue ones which caused her shiver. His brown hair hungnloosely around his shoulders, his knife-blade cheekbones became morenprofound as he smiled at her. \"Uhnyou,\". Beck stuttered nervously, flushing a deep shade of magenta. Johnnynlaughed then turned to Carly, \"Is it ok if I borrow your friend?\" Carly whonhad seen many celebrities, was good at keeping her cool \"Sure,\". \"Thanknyou,\". Johnny stuck out his hand gratefully \"Just call menJohnny,\". \"I'mnCarly,\". Carly could feel her heart beat faster, his hands feltnstrong & fleshy, she didn't want to let go. \"Comenwith me,\". Johnny whispered in Becky's ear. His hand slid intonhers and with her free one, she waved goodbye to Carly. \"Wherenare we going?\" Becky asked, she couldn't stop staring at hisnbeautiful face, she wondered what it would feel like to have her lipsnlocked with his.[Chapter 2] Continued…. \"Somewherenwhere we can talk,\". Johnny led her down the moonlit L.A street,nmany sane people were now tucked up in bed and only hookers &ndrunk students roamed in the night. Johnny stopped when he came to ansmall shop doorway, he pushed the door slightly, it appeared to benopen then stepped inside. \"I usednto jam in here with my band,\". Johnny let go of Becky's hand andnfondled an old guitar which was propped up against the counter. \"ThenKids?\" Becky smiled and closed the door. She was in fact a majornJohnny fan, seen all of his movies and owned many biographies. It wasnhard to see where Johnny was in the dark. \"Where are you?\" Shenlaughed flinging out her arms to see where she was going. As she didnso, she felt her hands run over a smooth delicate face which she knewnbelonged to Johnny. She let her hands roam higher, his hair felt softnagainst her skin and she stroked it. Johnny whonwas enjoying this moment, didn't want to spoil it, but wasndesperate to see Becky's face. He reached forward past Becky'snhead and flicked the switch on. The lights flickered on and anyonenwho might have been watching would have thought these two werenlovers. But, staring into Becky's shiny blue eyes, Johnny realisednhe only wanted to talk to her. Sex didn't seem important right nownand he didn't want to use her. Becky sawnJohnny staring and withdrew her hands \"I'm sorry,\". Johnnyntook her hands in his \"You've got nothing to be sorry about, comenand sit down,\". He led her to an old red sofa towards the back ofnthe shop. They both sat down gingerly. \"Ohnyes,\". Johnny laughed \"I don't even know your name,\". Henlooked at the beautiful stranger sitting beside him and felt verynfoolish. What kind of person leads a stranger to a very intimatenplace and forgets to ask their name? \"I'mnBecky,\". Becky smiled. \"Becky,\".nJohnny repeated, then smiled. \"Well Becky, would you like somethingnto drink? Tea? Coffee? Or something stronger?\" \"Coffeenplease, black with two sugars,\". Becky took off her black jacket,nit was starting to get rather warm. She folded her jacket nervouslynin her arms. Johnnyntook the jacket from her and placed it on the counter where the oldnguitar stood. His brown eyes met with hers and Becky felt safe, shenknew she could trust him. \"Blackncoffee coming up,\". Johnny said then made his way towards thenkitchen area. Becky followed him, intrigued. Johnnyngrinned at her, \"So you like The Kids then?\" He got out two mugsnfrom a grotty cupboard and filled them with coffee granules andnsugar. \"Ofncourse,\". Becky watched in awe as Johnny Depp made her some coffee. Johnnynhanded her a mug filled with sweet, black coffee. \"Thanknyou,\". Becky took the mug from him gratefully. \"How oldnare you? If you don't mind me asking,\". Johnny sipped his ownncoffee carefully not taking his eyes off Becky. \"21, 22nthis year,\". Becky took a sip from the mug and warm, sweet liquidnran down her throat. \"Ah,nvery young,\". Johnny smiled and took another sip of coffee. Henswung himself onto the kitchen counter, still watching Becky closely.n\"You got your whole life ahead of you,\". Beckynsighed \"Unfortunately,\". She slumped against the refrigerator Johnnynreached forward and with his free hand brushed her chin, \"You'rena beautiful young woman who can take on the world, keep your chin upneh?\" \"I'llntry to,\". Becky smiled. Johnny's hand felt soft like his face.nShe wondered if the rest of his body was a soft. She downed her cupnthen placed it into the small sink next to the refrigerator. \"Thatnwas quick,\". Johnny laughed then downed his own cup. He got offnfrom the counter, placed the cup in the sink then turned to Becky whonwas standing beside him. \"Do you want to go for a walk Becky?\" nHe spoke to Becky as if she was the most significant person in thenworld. \"I'dnlike that,\". Becky beamed.[Chapter 3] Beckynfelt like she was on top of the world. Here she was strolling downnthe street hand in hand with Johnny Depp. \"I feel like I'venknow you forever,\". Johnny laughed. \"We have,\".nBecky said daringly. \"We lived together in another worldnthousands of years ago,\". Her blue shone so brightly, Johnnynfelt this to be true. \"And were we lovers?\" He asked morenseriously. Becky smiled shyly \"Yes, yes we were,\". Johnnyntook both of her hands in his and kissed them delicately. Her skinnsoft against his lips, he did not avert his gaze as he did so. Beckynfelt the colour come back to her face, was this really happening? Johnnynlet go of her hands and stroked her face gently, not once did he takenhis eyes from her. He was falling in love, he leaned forward andnbrushed his cheek against hers, he then withdrew, he didn't want tontake advantage. \"Don'tnstop,\". Becky touched his arm. Johnnynleaned forward again, but this time, his lips locked with hers andnthey shared a small, intimate kiss. \"Inliked that,\". Becky said timidly, her heart was in her mouth andnshe looked at Johnny who gave her a small, shy smile. He then leanednforward to whisper in her ear \"I'mnfalling for you,\". He breathed. Beckynnodded \"Me too,\". \"Donyou want to come back to my hotel room?\" Asked Johnny as they begunnto walk down the moonlit street hand in hand again. \"I havencoffee,\". He added brightly. \"Hownon earth could I refuse?\" Becky giggled. \"I'll call Carlynfirst, she'll be wondering where I am,\". She took her phone outnof her jacket pocket then punched in Carly's number, it rang 5ntimes before a slurred voice answered.[Chapter 4] \"Hhello,\".nThe voice appeared to be Carly's. \"Hiya,\". Becky spokeninto the mouth piece. \"I'm with Johnny and I'm going back tonhis place. I'll see you tomorrow,\". \"You whore,\".nCarly said loud enough for Johnny to hear, he smirked. Beckynflushed and switched her phone off, \"she's in a bad mood,\".nBecky slipped her phone back into her jacket pocket. \"So incould hear,\". Johnny laughed and flicked his hair out his eyes.nHe put his arm around Becky's shoulder and pulled her into a warmnhug. Johnny felt Becky's hair tickle his nose and breathed in hernscent, coffee mixed with chanel no 5, she smelt good. He stroked hernback gently, they stood in the middle of the moonlit street embracednfor 5 whole minutes. Johnny didn't want to let her go. \"Becky,\".nHe whispered in her ear. \"I don't want to loosen myngrip,\". Becky smiled, she was glad Johnny couldn't see hernflushed face, \"me neither,\". She placed her head on hisnshoulder and sighed. After a further 5 minutes, Johnny let go ofnher and grasped her hand tightly. He pulled Becky along the pavementnthat was illuminated by street lights. \"Come on,\". Hengrinned at her. Becky thought LA looked much different at night,nmuch more romantic and peaceful. She hoped and prayed this wasn't andream. Johnny smiled at Becky as he felt her hand stroke hisnjacket. \"What are you doing?\" Becky felt stupid, \"justnmaking sure you're real,\". She pulled her hand away and slippednit back in her jeans pocket. In the corner of her eye, she saw a veryntall building that had big gold front doors and a long red carpet wasnstretched out right in front of them. \"Here wenare,\". Johnny beamed. And led Becky towards the big gold doors.nJohnny wiped his forehead with his free hand, he could feel his handsnstarting to sweat. Glancing at Becky, the most beautiful and charmingngirl he'd met in a long time, he smiled. \"This is amazing,\".nBecky stuttered, she hoped she was posh enough to go inside.nsmoothing down her black skinny jeans and baby doll top, she turnednto Johnny. \"Will I do?\" Johnny hadn't taken his eyes offnher, he thought she looked stunning. When her blue eyes met his, henflushed slightly. \"You look beautiful, shall we?\" Beckynlinked her arm in his and they walked inside the glamerous hotel.[Chapter 5] The hotel was magnificent, the walls were deep red and there were many people bustling around them Thenhotel was magnificent, the walls were deep red and there were manynpeople bustling around them. Johnny led Becky to a nearby elevatornand slipped an arm around her waist. \"3rd floor please,\".nJohnny announced. The lift sped upwards and when it reached the 3rdnfloor, the elevator gave a little \"ting\". Beckynfollowed Johnny down a spacious, well lit corridor which wasncompletely deserted. \"I have the whole floor tonmyself,\". Johnny unlocked the door furthest away from thenelevator and let Becky pass. She felt like the luckiest girl in thenworld, here she was with Johnny Depp in a swanky hotel room with anlucious red sofa, jacuzzi and (she gasped when finding the bedroom) anhuge four poster bed. \"Oh Johnny this is spectacular!\"nShe threw herself on the bed and gazed at the ceiling. The whitenangels seemed to be dancing. Becky knew they were looking down onnher. Johnny laughed as the young woman messed up the bedcovers, henthrew himself down beside her and leaned on his elbow to watch herngaze at the angels. Becky felt Johnny's eyes on her and flushed,nshe turned and met his gaze. Johnny reached out and touched Becky'snlong red hair \"When we hugged earlier, your hair smeltngood,\". He laughed nervously. \"Yours did too,\". Shenstroked his hair like she'd done before, her touch caused Johnny tonshiver, he knew he wanted her there and then however... he letngo of her hair and sat up. \"What's the matter?\"nBecky scrambled up and sat beside him. \"Nothing sweetheart,\".nJohnny put his arm around her and kissed her head. Johnny felt likenhis head was spinning, he knew he wanted this girl, he'd known itnfrom the moment he'd set eyes on her. She was beautiful, charming,npolite... \"Are you hungry?\" He half-whispered. \"No,\".nBecky replied \"I'm tired,\". She yawned and fell back on thenbed. What Johnny wanted to do most was to lie down next to her,nwhisper sweet nothings in her ear, run his hand up her... Johnny gotnup from the bed. Becky breathed in and out softly. Johnnyncarefully covered her with the duvet and left her to sleep. \"She'snexhausted poor little girl,\". Johnny smiled and turned off thenlight.[Chapter 6] Becky awoke the next morning to Johnny singing Beckynawoke the next morning to Johnny singing. She sat up and rubbed herneyes. Smiling to herself, she moved closer to the beautiful sound.nHer feet padded lightly on the soft so no sound was made. Hernsmile stretched when she saw Johnny. His hair was pulled back in anpony-tail and he had a bath robe wrapped around him. A bignfull-length mirror stood before him and his brown eyes caught Beckyngazing. Flushing slightly, he turned around. \"Was I bad?\"nHe studied Becky's face carefully. \"You were good,\". Shensaid shyly. Johnny smiled. \"Do you want some breakfast?\"nHe took Becky by the hand and led her into a small, compact kitchen.nIt was the same colour as the bedroom, cream with dancing angels. Shenleaned against the counter as Johnny made coffee. \"I don'tneat much breakfast,\". He laughed and handed her a cup. \"Justncoffee and a cigarette,\". \"I don't smoke,\". Beckynsipped her coffee. \"Good for you,\" Johnny smiled. \"Nastynhabit,\". Becky hadn't looked in the mirror for a while...ndid she look a mess? She sensed Johnny liked how she looked.. shenliked the fact he couldn't take his eyes off her. His eyes were onnher now.. Becky took a sip of coffee but instead of going in hernmouth, went on last nights clothes. \"Oh shit!\" She sworenand put the coffee cup on the counter. Johnny grabbed a cloth fromnthe sink and gently mopped up the coffee. The coffee had stained herntop just above the left breast, she felt the cloth in Johnny's handsndab lightly on her and she swallowed nervously. \"All gone,\".nJohnny threw the cloth in the sink. \"Sorry,\". Shenapologised. \"Me being clumsy,\". \"It's ok,\"nJohnny smiled. \"Do you want to get a change of clothes?\" Beckynnodded slowly.. \"Sooo i'm allowed to come back?\" \"Ofncourse you are!\" He reached out and stroked her cheek. Johnnynwanted to do so much more... he stepped forwards and gently strokednher lower back, if Becky wanted him to go further.. he would. Beckynclosed her eyes while Johnny caressed her, she was dreaming, she mustnbe, she then felt a pair of soft lips on hers and a pair of strongnarms wrap around her waist. \"Johnny,\" She gasped. \"Yes,\".nJohnny murmured. \"Don't stop,\". Becky kissed him back,nshe'd never kissed anyone like this before. She slipped her armsnaround hisnneck... ","Summary":" Beautiful Stranger The singlenlife was great as Becky knew all too well. Applying her mascara on an"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Secret of NIMH: Jonathan Brisby Still Lives","Author":"Nick830","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10681341","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nicodemous: (Lights candle) \"Jonathan Brisby was injured today while helping with the plan. It is four years since our departure from NIMH... and our world is changing. We cannot stay here much longer. Jonathan is a dear friend. His wife knows nothing of us or the plan. Perhaps I do nothing at present... for watch.\" (Puts the stone in a small box and closes it quietly) \"Good Luck.. my friend. (The movie starts with the title \"The secret of NIMH\" and the camera starts showing a place called the \"Fitzgibbon farm\" living in the middle of a grassland with only one rose bush in front of the house. the camera starts zooming in on a abandoned threshing machine then suddenly makes an EXPLOSION that shakes the machine with smoke beginning to rise from it's seams. Later... A female voice starts speaking inside the machine who is actually Mrs. Sarah Brisby, Mother of four chidlren, Teresa, Cynthia, Martin, And Timothy, and wife of Jonathan Brisby Himself. Mrs. Brisby decided to go see Mr. Ages to get a special medicine that will cure her son Timothy who is very sick. But what she doesn't know is that Timothy also has pneumonia.) Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages? Mr. Ages, Is anybody home?\" Mr. Ages: (In the distance echoing) \"Go away!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages!\" Mr. Ages: \"What is it!? Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages, may I please speak with you?\" Mr. Ages: \"What!?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I Said, may I please speak- (Mr. Ages pop up from behind her coughing and Mrs. Brisby gasps) -with you. Oh thank goodness. I am so glad your home.\" Mr. Ages: \"Confounded machine! You'll never know when this thing will up and blow!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes. I don't suppose you remember me.\" Mr. Ages: \"Yes. You're Mrs. Brisby. And I'm so sorry about your husband's injury. Now if you'll excuse me.' Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages!\" Mr. Ages: \" Great Jupiter,woman, what do you want!? Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages, I know you don't like visitors, but this is an emergency! Please! (A second explosion occurs. Mr. Ages slides down falls through the hole on a basket and Mrs. Brisby races towards him. Mr. Ages: \"Ma...(coughs) Madam, that is an emergency. Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh Mr. Ages, my son Timothy is very sick! And my husband Jonathan is in very bad condition as well! Mr. Ages: \"Timmy? The one with the spider bite? Oh, just give him some pepsissiwa root and... Mrs. Brisby: \"No! (Grabs his shirt and shakes him) No, He's sick with a fever! Mr. Ages: (Grudgingly) \"Well... I suppose I could fix up something... Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh thank you!\" Mr. Ages: \"Follow me, but don't touch anything! Understand? (Mrs. Brisby nods and slides into bucket with Mr. Ages) Mrs. Brisby: \" I do appreciate it...\" Mr. Ages: \" Just how high is his fever?\" Mrs. Brisby: \" He's burning hot to the touch.\" Mr. Ages: \"Hmmmmmm, yes.\" Mrs. Brisby: \" He's soaking wet with perspiration.\" Mr. Ages: \"..yes? Mrs. Brisby: \"...and there's a raspy sound when he breathes.\" Mr. Ages: \"A raspy sound you say? Well!\" (The bucket reaches the bottom and they climb out) Mr. Ages: \" Does he have a chill?\" Mrs. Brisby: \" Yes, he does.\" Mr. Ages: \"Have you and your husband wrapped him in a blanket?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes.\" Mr. Ages: \"Now step inside, but keep your hands to yourself! I'm right in the middle of...something very important.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I Understand.\" Mr. Ages: \"Oh, do you?\" (Looks at all over his lab as bit of a wreck) Mr. Ages: \"Look at this mess...Oh,shoo,shoo,go on! (Tosses ladybug off the table like a cat) Mr. Ages: (Clears throat) \"Your son has pneumonia.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Pneumonia?\" Mr. Ages: (Begins mixing powders and herbs in a bowl) \"It's not uncommon, but you can die from it.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh please dear God, no.\" Mr. Ages: \"Your son must stay in bed. Bundle him up.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes.\" Mr. Ages: \"Not to go outside.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"But how long must...\" Mr. Ages: \"Three weeks. He cannot be moved for at least three weeks.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"But Moving Day is nearly here!\" Mr. Ages: \"You asked my advice, and I gave it to you!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I'm sorry.\" Mr. Ages: \"He must stay in bed. Now mix this...this powder in a broth and make him drink it. It will break down the fever.\" (Pours the contents into a envelope and hands it to her) Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh, bless you sir!\" Mr. Ages: \"And bless yourself, you'll need it. and here is something for your husband. (Hands another envelope) It will help your husband's wounds heal faster. Now, you must excuse me...You know the way out.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh, of course.\" (Ages leads her to the door and hustles her through it) Mrs. Brisby: \"Thank you once again...\" Mr. Ages: \"Shoo,shoo,shoo. Go on now. Go on.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Thank you so...\" (Door slams shut on her face) Mrs. Brisby: \"...much. Goodbye.\"[Chapter 2] Just before continue to chapter 2 I want to let you guys know that I had to skip the scene Where Mrs. Brisby meets Jeremy because even if Jonathan Brisby was still alive in the movie, the scene would actually be the same. I just wanted to let you guys know that. But enough talking and let's get to chapter 2. It was dark outside now. Mrs. Brisby hasn't come home yet and her kids are still waiting with their dad Wounded and their brother Timothy still sick. Then later, Auntie Shrew shows up. Martin: \"Maybe I should look for Mom.\" Teresa: \"I don't think so Martin.\" Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby! Briiiiiisby!\" Teresa: \"Oh! Auntie Shrew!\" Cynthia: \"Oh Auntie!\" Martin: \"Oh no...\" Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby!\" Teresa: \"She'll wake up Timothy and Dad!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby!\" Teresa: (Calling up the stairway to the entrance) \"She's not here!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby!\" Martin: \"Why is she poking always coming around here, poking her nose in when She's not wanted?\" Teresa: \"Martin!\" Auntie Shrew enters The Brisby Home on top of the staircase and Teresa meets her and helps Her with her shawl. Auntie Shrew: \"Thank you child. I must speak with your mother.\" She dumps her shawl on Teresa, almost burying her and starts downstairs. Auntie Shrew: \"Your Auntie is exhausted! Why me? That I alone should be responsible for the welfare of the entire field is monstrous!\" Teresa: \"Mother isn't here.\" Cynthia: \"Auntie Shrew, Timmy's sick!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Cynthia dearest, don't pull me. She's not here? She left you children alone then?\" Martin: (From the bedroom) \"Dad's still here. And even if wasn't, I'm old enough.\" Auntie Shrew: \"But he is still wounded in bed. and besides, ...rats in the field up to heaven knows what kind of mischeif...Cynthia dear, don't fidgit!\" Martin: \"I ain't scared of nuthin!\" Teresa: \"She went to see Mr. Ages.\" Auntie Shrew: \"To Ages? That old flim-flam! Whatever for?\" Cynthia: \"Auntie Shrew, Timmy's sick!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Patience my pet. (To Teresa) Why to Ages?\" Cynthia: \"Timmy's sick!\" Teresa: \"Timothy is very ill.\" Auntie Shrew: \"Timmy ill? How dreadful!\" Martin emerges from the bedroom, swinging a stick. Martin: \"I'm not afraid of the dark! I'm not afraid of the farmer!\" Auntie Shrew: \"...I can't hear!\" Martin: \"I'm not even scared of dragon. I'm not even afraid of...of...of the Great Owl!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Will you hush up?\" Martin: \"Aw, you hush up!\" Teresa: \"Martin!\" (Shakes her head fearfully) Auntie Shrew: \"Precocious monster!\" Martin: \"Bossing bullfrog!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Spoiled brat! Martin: \"Loudmouth!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Oh! Well! That will be quite enough, thank you!\" Auntie Shrew lets Teresa put her shawl back on, head upstairs for the exit, And doesn't notice that her shawl is caught on a projection. Auntie Shrew: \"Cast not pearls before swine,I always say...and that includes impudent piglets! Good day!\" Auntie shrew starts up the stairs again, but this time her shawl is still caught and then she falls down the stairs. Teresa and Cynthia can't help laughing. Martin doesn't even try. Auntie Shrew: \"Oh! You impertinent little...\" Mrs. Brisby appears on top of the stairs. Mrs. Brisby: \"Martin! Auntie Shrew, whats going on!?\" Auntie Shrew: \"Indeed!\" Auntie Shrew pushes past Mrs. Brisby. Mrs. Brisby: \"Please...come back inside...\" Auntie Shrew: \"Not for a king's ransom! I just have one thing to say: That child is a brat!\" Mrs. Brisby: \" Yes, I will speak to him.\" Auntie Shrew: \"I came here to inform you that the frost is off the ground and Moving Day is at hand. Prepare to move you very very odd family.\" Just then Jonathan shows up. Jonathan: \"I heard that!\" Auntie Shrew and Mrs. Brisby look down at Jonathan with a \"stink eye\" look on his face Insulted for Auntie Shrew calling him and his family \"odd\". Auntie Shrew: (Sighs) \"Good day.\" The Shrew exits. Auntie Shrew: (Muttering to herself) \"You never know what might be lurking about out here, what with rats and... Mrs. Brisby: \"Well children, now you've done it.\" Teresa: \"It was Martin.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"The Shrew means well. She only wants to help.\" Jonathan: \"Yes indeed. (To Martin) Now Martin. (Kneels down) Why were you being mean and selfish to your Auntie?\" Martin: \"I'm sorry Dad. It's just that...She always comes here like every day and I don't really like her nor love her as a aunt. Besides, She is not really our aunt anyway, she is just a middle aged lady who is being treated like a aunt by my brother and sisters.\" Jonathan: \"I understand your opinion son. But when I first met your mother, she told me that Auntie Shrew... well... The Shrew since you don't like calling her that, took cared of and raised her when your mother was a child. When she found her, she was alone in the snow with her real parents nowhere to be seen. And that's your mother and I always let her in our home to take care of you and your siblings. You understand now son? Martin paused for a moment but responded. Martin: \"Yes Dad...I understand.\" Jonathan: \"Good. (Holds out his arms) Now give your daddy a big one.\" Martin walked forward and gave his father a nice big hug. After 25 seconds, They let go and Jonathan walks to his wife in the bedroom along with his son. As they entered, they see Mrs. Brisby sitting on the bed right next to her other son Timothy giving him his medicine that Mr. Ages gave to her earlier in the day singing \"Flying Dreams\", while they also see Teresa and Cynthia in front of the bed just staring at their sick sibling. Jonathan sat on the bed right to his wife just looking at how bad he looks after Timothy had a spider bite when he was an infant. Martin felt really sorry of himself for his poor brother having a type of sickness that can possibly kill him. When he finished the soup, he yawns and falls asleep. He looks very thin. Just then, Cynthia breaks the silence. Cynthia: \"Is Timmy gonna die?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"No, sweetheart. He's just very sick.\" Teresa: \"What's the matter with him, Mother?\" Jonathan: (Worried) \"Yeah honey. What IS wrong with our youngest son in this family?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages called it...pneumonia. Teresa: \"Pneumonia...\" Jonathan: (Quietly) \"Oh my god!\" Cynthia: \"When will he get better?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Soon...I hope.\" The camera zooms out and the song resumes and concludes. Mrs. Brisby: \"Off to bed with you now.\" Later at the Fitzgibbon farm...a cord flies right in front of the attic window. We hear the Fitzgibbons talking. Mrs. Fitzgibbon: \"Dear, a man came by today, from NIMH.\" Mr. Fitzgibbon: (Sleepily) \"NIMH?\" Mrs. Fitzgibbon: \"Yes, you know! The National Institute of Mental Health. He was asking if we noticed...anything strange...with the rats on the farm Mrs. Fitzgibbon pulls down the bedroom shade, and outside, a group of rats carries the cord past her window. Mrs. Fitzgibbon: \"Well I said 'No, nothing unusual.' \" Mr. Fitzgibbon: \"Beth, I have to get up early.\" Mrs. Fitzgibbon: \"Oh, it gave me goosebumps to hear him carry on that way! Like the rats might have some horrible disease!\" Mr. Fitzgibbon: \"Night, Beth...\" Mrs. Fitzgibbon: \"I told him you'd call back.\" Mr. Fitzgibbon: (Yawning) \"Uh-huh.\" Outside, the rats disappear with the cord inside a large thorny rosebush in the Fitzgibbons yard. Weird lights flicker inside the bush... Back in the Brisby home...everyone was sleeping in bed except for Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby who are still getting ready for bed. Jonathan is still worried about his son Timothy because he didn't realize before that Tim had pneumonia. Jonathan: \"Lzzie...\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes, John?\" Jonathan: \"Will our son be OK?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"He will. Like I said 'He's just very sick.' \" Jonathan: \"Yeah, but I didn't know that he has pneumonia. He could DIE from it!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Now John. Mr. Ages said that it is 'uncommon'. So there's no reason to get paranoid, Okay? And try to quiet down, you'll wake the kids.\" Jonathan paused for 8 seconds. Jonathan: \"Okay. You're right. I'm sorry.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Good.\" Mrs. Brisby takes off her cape, hangs it on a circular rail of the bed and gets in underneath the blanket with both Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby nude in bed. Mrs. Brisby: \"You know something. When I first saw you as I came home, Why were out of bed when you were still injured by dragon? And why is the bandage that I put on your body off of you when you were still in very bad condition? Jonathan: \"Well...it's because my wound has healed. Well...almost. It still hurts when I touch it but in the flesh, I am just fine.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"You better be right about. After I told you not to go to Fitzgibbons home which you did anyway and almost got killed by dragon!\" Jonathan: \"I understand, Sarah. I was a fool doing a stupid thing by trying to drug him that I put in his food bowl.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Wait a second. What foolishness would you 'Jonathan Brisby' try to get a monster at least 100x bigger than you, to be put to sleep for?\" Jonathan: \"I can't tell you, Lzzie. It's secret. But all that I can tell you is that it was for something very 'important'. \" Mrs. Brisby: \"Okay. Whatever you say, Jonathan.\" Then something hit Mrs. Brisby. Mrs. Brisby: \"You know I forgot to tell you something.\" Jonathan: \"What is it?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"When I was on my way home, I met a new friend of mine that was all tied up to a piece of string on a log who told me that he was doing all that because he was looking for a girl he could, this thing he called it a \"Love nest.\" Jonathan: \"Huh. What's his name?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Jeremy.\" Jonathan: \"What does he look like?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"A black crow.\" Jonathan: \"Interesting. Tell me more about this...Jeremy you're talking about.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Well this might seem crazy what I'm about to say but...(Sighs Deeply) While I was trying to untie him, He was telling me that he is allergic to cats. Then all of a sudden...Dragon pops out from behind him and-\" Jonathan: \"Wait a minute. Did you say that You've seen DRAGON!?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Fearfully, yes. But I didn't know that he was there before. He just came out of nowhere from behind him. But anyways, As I was running away from Dragon, Timmy's medicine fell off from my arms and floated into the pond. As I was trying to grab it, Dragon pounced right towards me. But luckily, Jeremy saved me by letting me grab on his string that was still tied up to him and lifted me off the ground to a tree branch. But Dragon was still chasing me. So I climbed up the tree as fast as I could while Dragon was trying to attack me with his paws destroying other tree branches below me I was climbing on. Then I stopped running at the top of the tree when there was nowhere to go except for a 45 foot drop to the water. While I was trying to make my decision, Dragon pounced right at me once more. But I jumped off towards the water before Dragon could get me. Even though I escaped Dragon, I lost Timmy's medicine. Then Jeremy came to me trying to have a chat with me about how saved me from Dragon, while I was still in tears for the lost of Tim's medicine. But then several seconds later out of nowhere, Jeremy gave me back Tim's medicine and I was quite shocked, even though he didn't realize at first it was Timmy's medicine he found. He offered me a ride home but I told him that I was afraid of heights. So then, I went back home right here. Does all of this make more cents to you now?\" Jonathan was quite shocked that a bird tied up on a piece of string can save his wife from the same cat that almost killed him last night. Jonathan: \"Lzzie...I..I..I don't know what to say about that but...(Puts his right hand up to her face) You are lucky to make a new friend of yours that saved your life from the same monster that almost gave me my end.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Why...thank you for saying that, John.\" Jonathan: \"Hey, don't mention it.\" They paused for a few moments. Mrs. Brisby: \"By the way, since the kids are asleep and we are alone do you want to...? Jonathan: (Holds both of her arms) \"Oh yes, Lzzie. (Kisses her in the right cheek) I have been looking forward to this for a long time since the day we were together for the first time ever.\" Mrs. Brisby: (Smirks) \"I'm glad you said that, Jonathan Brisby.\" Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby were now having a romantic moment together in the middle of the night. They were making out deeply French kissing each other. Jonathan is now on top of her spouse still making out with her 'extremely'. With Jonathan still on top her, Mrs. Brisby crossed over her legs on top of his back. Then 5 minutes later...Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby finally once again did more than just make out. And it was something they both enjoyed it for quite a while. After 53 minutes of Love, Romance, and 'Unvirginity', Both Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby were laying down on their bed straight on their backs panting heavily. Then Mrs. Brisby spoke. Mrs. Brisby: (Panting) \"Wow, Jonathan. That was the best experience of my life with you.\" Jonathan: (Panting) \"Thank you for saying that my sweetheart. They both stop panting and Then Jonathan realizes something. Jonathan: \"Oh, crap.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What? What is it, John?\" Jonathan: \"It's getting late. We should probably go to sleep.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"You're right. We should get some sleep.\" Jonathan: \"Well...goodnight my dear love.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Goodnight my lovebug.\" 12 seconds later...Jonathan asks Mrs. Brisby a question. Jonathan: \"Lzzie...\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes? Jonathan: \"I know asked this before but, Is Timmy gonna be ok?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Like I said, 'He will'. I promise you that John. (Kisses him in the cheek) I promise.\" Jonathan: \"Thank you. Goodnight.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Goodnight.\" Mrs. Brisby cuddles and lays on top of Jonathan's chest and they both fall asleep. Well guys, that does it for chapter 2. It will take me a week or longer to make chapter 3. Please make sure to leave a favorite or a review to tell me what you think about this amazing remake of 'The Secret of NIMH' that will help out a lot. Just let you guys know that Mrs. Brisby's name Lzzie is actually nickname for Elizabeth. It was requested by VideoGameAddict237 for giving tribute to the voice actress of Mrs. Brisby, Elizabeth Hartman. I just wanted let you guys know that. And until next time, thanks for reading!;)[Chapter 3] It was now morning and everyone in the Brisby Home is still asleep. Everything outside was just pitch quiet until...a sound of a ENGINE trying to start awakens Jonathan. He looks up all around him and keeps his right ear open to realize what that sound was. Then, he notices that his wife is still asleep on his chest without snoring. He decided to wake her up. Jonathan: (Shakes her shoulder a little) \"Elizabeth...\" She still sleeps. Jonathan: (Shakes her shoulder a little harder than last time) \"Lzzie, wake up...\" She wakes up. Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh. Jonathan. It's morning? (Yawns little loudly) You should give me a more 'appropriate' wake up call next time you-!\" Jonathan: \"Shhhh. Listen.\" For 4 seconds there was pitch silence. Then both Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby hear a ENGINE that is still trying to start. Jonathan: \"We should go check it out.\" Mrs. Brisby: (Nods) \"Agreed.\" They both get out of bed and put their clothes that was hanging over the rails of the bed back on. Going outside to take a look, they climb to the top of the large stone next to their house, and sniffs the air. Behind them, the Shrew approaches. Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby whirl. Auntie Shrew: \"What did I tell you? Moving Day!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"It can't be!\" Auntie Shrew: \"It certainly can! I don't suppose you've packed!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What about Timmy? The chill in the air could kill him!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Well child, the tractor surely will. For the last time, get your children out of here, before it's too late!\" Jonathan: \"Uhhhhh...ladies?\" It's too late. Jonathan get their attention, points out at what he is looking at. The tractor's engine suddenly springs to life with a ROAR. Auntie Shrew runs off to warn the field. Auntie Shrew: \"Run! Run for your lives, run! It's Moving Day!\" The camera looks directly at the tractor that is approaching towards the field. Auntie Shrew: \"Run! The plow is here! Run!\" Heads pop out of holes, animals sit up to hear. Warning signals get passed. Soon, every animal is running out of the field as fast as they can. Auntie Shrew: \"Run! Get out!\" Mrs. Brisby and Jonathan runs from their home with three of their children in a chain behind them. Suddenly, the Shrew appears... Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby! Go get...Timothy!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Please! Take the children out of here!\" Cynthia: \"Mommy, we can't leave Timmy!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Go with Auntie Shrew. I've got to try to stop that thing!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Wait! You're out of your mind! Brisby, come back!\" Mrs. Brisby doesn't listen, and runs alongside the tractor, grabbing hold of a dangling chain. To keep her from getting killed while trying to save their son, Jonathan follows her to the tractor to try to help her wife stop the tractor from reaching the Brisby home which will kill Timothy. Auntie Shrew: \"Oh no, John! Not you too!\" Mrs. Brisby climbs into the plow, but quickly finds she's bitten off then she can chew. She nearly falls into the churning blades, and clings desperately for a handhold, unable to move any further. Inside the Brisby bedroom, rocks and dirt begins to fall from the ceiling as the tractor draws near. Timothy, sleeping, cocks his ear at the sound. The Shrew has joined Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby on the tractor. Mrs. Brisby is still unable to move from her precarious ledge. Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby! Hang on!\" The shaking of the Brisby home is getting stronger. More debris falls from the ceiling. Jonathan and Auntie Shrew run further into the machine, and Auntie shrew pulls out one of the distributer caps off the sparkplug. It arcs wildly, flinging them from side to side. She's tossed a fuel container, and when they see what it is, Auntie Shrew let Jonathan pull it with all his strength at the hose running from it. Jonathan: \"Get your farm trash away from my son you son of a-!\" Finally, he succeeds in pulling the hose loose. Fuel sprays everywhere. Jonathan and Auntie Shrew falls alongside the tractor, which slowly comes to a halt, the Brisby home lies in the shadow. Pushing rubble off themselves, Jonathan and Auntie Shrew run toward the rear of the plow. Mrs. Brisby is still huddled there, eyes closed, trembling. Auntie Shrew: \"Brisby! Come on.\" Auntie Shrew lead Mrs. Brisby away from the tractor while Jonathan is following them. Together, they run into the safety of the tall grass. Behind them, the farmer picks up the fragment of hose torn loose by Jonathan. Mr. Fitzgibbons: \"Well of all the rotten luck...fuel line's cut.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I can't believe it! That thing! If you weren't there...he...he would of...he would of killed our...!\" Mrs. Brisby goes into tears hugging Jonathan who hugs her back. Jonathan: \"Sh sh sh sh shh. It's okay, I'm still here.\" (Kisses her in the cheek) Then Jonathan just realized something. Jonathan: \"Wait a minute!\" Mrs. Brisby: (looks up at his face) \"What? What is it?\" Jonathan: \"Something is not right here.\" Jonathan stops hugging his spouse and checks on his wound. When touches it, he feels...nothing. His wound has fully healed thanks to the medicine his wife has gave to him last night. Jonathan: \"What the ffffffff-!\" Mrs. Brisby slaps him in the face. Jonathan: \"Ow! What was that for!?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Your language!\" Jonathan: \"Ok, I'm sorry! But seriously though, my wound.\" Mrs. Brisby gets a 'little' confused. Mrs. Brisby: \"What about it, John?\" Jonathan: \"My wound! (Gets excited) It's healed! My wound is healed!\" Jonathan gets so excited for his body fully 'OK', he hugs his wife real hard, screaming 'Yes' over and over again. Auntie Shrew interrupts his happiness. Auntie Shrew: \"Now Jonathan! This is no time to celebrate! We are still worried about your own son who's ill with pneumonia your wife told me about which could kill him, and he almost died from getting crushed by a giant blade slashing TRACTOR!\" Jonathan stops getting overexcited and apologizes. Auntie Shrew: \"Stupid!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What are we going to do?\" Auntie Shrew: \"We'll think of something. Come on, let's get out of here.\"[Chapter 4] Nicodemus' Chamber. We Jonathan, Mrs. Brisby, and Auntie Shrew in a magical viewing device, a sphere of glowing green light with energy crackling across the surface. In it, Nicodemus can see and hear everything the three are doing... Auntie Shrew: \"The Great Owl would know what to do about this. You must go see him.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh I..I couldn't do that. Owls eat mice!\" Auntie Shrew: \"Well my child, show a little courage! We're fighting for Timmy's life!\" Jonathan: \"The Shrew is right. The Great Owl is only one who can help us.\" Mrs. Brisby:\"But even if I decide to meet him, how will we get to him in time? We are very small! It could take us days to reach his place!\" Then Jonathan Just hit something in his brain. Jonathan: \"I don't think so dear.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What...What do you mean?\" Jonathan holds both of her shoulders. Jonathan: \"Remember this...Jeremy you were talking about last night?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yeah.\" Then Jonathan gives her a evil grin look on his face from the idea just came up with in his mind. Nicodemus sighs heavily as he watches this. Nicodemus: \"Jonathan, your wife, I fear, is in desperate trouble. A visit to the Great Owl may indeed be profitable. Go to the Owl then, Mrs. Brisby. Go there!\" The image in the sphere change, to a silhouette of a flying bird... The bird is Jeremy, and hei flying through the evening air with Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby on his back. He flies the same way he walks, extravagantly and recklessly. Jeremy: (Giggles) \"Nice evening huh? We told you you'd love flying.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I don't know how I let you two talk me into this!\" Jonathan: \"Oh come on Lzzie! This is fun!\" Jeremy: \"Aw, don't thank me, Mrs. Briz. When we get to the Great Owl, he'll know what to do about everything!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Owls eat mice!\" Jeremy: \"Ummmm...only after dark...\" Jeremy dives toward a stand of trees, and barrels among the branches at high speed, finally coming to light on a branch. Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby cautiously slide down his legs. Jeremy indicates a sinister looking tree a short distance away. Jeremy: \"That must be the Owl's tree over there.\" Jeremy takes to flight again, Mrs. Brisby cupped in his left foot and Jonathan in his right. They land on a branch leading to a dark hole in the side of the tree. Cobwebs hang everywhere. Slow breathing can be heard within...or is it just the wind? Jeremy: \"Hello? Hello? Anybody home? Well, the place looks deserted. I guess we'd better get out of here.\" Suddenly a loud HOOTING sound comes from within the tree, and a dusty gust of wind comes rolling out of the hole, as if something was flapping very large wings. Jeremy, Jonathan, And Mrs. Brisby are blown backward by it. Great Owl: \"Step inside my house...\" Mrs. Brisby's eyes widen at the sound of that voice and Jonathan hugs her tight for that. They are not alone. We can see Jeremy's knees knocking together. He pushes them toward the entrance, and Mrs. Brisby is none too inclined to go. At the very doorstep, they pause... Great Owl: \"Come inside, or go away.\" Mrs. Brisby pulls her shawl about herself and gathers her nerve. Mrs. Brisby: \"Timothy...remember Timothy.\" Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby enter the Owl's lair. She stumbles over a pile of mousebones, knocking them down in the inner recesses of the tree. She GASPS. A moth flutters in her face, causing her to panic and hug Jonathan real tight. Jonathan hugs her back. when they were done hugging each other, they keep going into the Owl's lair. then suddenly a spider stalks them, but just as it is about to attack, it is crush by the Owl's foot. Mrs. Brisby cowers in terror at the sight of the owl's glowing eyes and hugs Jonathan again. Great Owl: \"Why have you come?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Please...please forgive us for disturbing you...but our son's life is in great danger.\" A fluttering moth comes too close to the Owl, and he gulps it down. Mrs. Brisby averts her eyes. Mrs. Brisby: \"The plow has come early this year and...\" Great Owl: \"Move your family.\" The Owl emphasizes his words with flapping of his huge wings. Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby are now in the center of a gust of wind like the one Jonathan, she, and Jeremy felt before. She cowers as mouse bones dislodged from the ceiling CLATTER all around them. Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes...we would move, But Timothy has pneumonia. He can't even get out of bed. The Owl considers this. Great Owl: \"You must move it to a place where it will be safe from the plow.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Please...there must be another way.\" Great Owl: \"There is no other way.\" Mrs. Brisby hangs her head in despair. Great Owl: \"I must bid you good evening, Mrs...?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Mrs. Brisby.\" Great Owl: \"Brisby? This other one right here is Jonathan Brisby?\" The Owl, already half turned to go, suddenly turns back and peers closely enough at Mrs. Brisby that can see her reflection in his eye. She and Jonathan pull back as far as they dare. Mrs. Brisby: \"Why yes! He is my husband! But...how do you know about him?\" Great Owl: (Pulling back) \"It's not important. I will say this...his name is not unknown in these woods.\" Mrs. Brisby: (Turns to Jonathan) \"Jonathan, what he is talking about?\" Jonathan: (Scratches the back of his head) \"Well Lzzie...it's a long story.\" Mrs. Brisby: (Turns to The Great Owl) \"Please sir...We'll do anything to save Timmy. Anything.\" Again, the Owl considers for a second. Then... Great Owl: \"There is a way. Go to the rats.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"But I don't know any rats! Jonathan talks to himself in his head saying \"I do. But I shouldn't tell her about that...yet.\" Great Owl: \"In the rosebush.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh yes...near the farmhouse.\" Great Owl: \"Go there. Ask for Nicodemus.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Nicodemus? How can they help?\" Great Owl: \"They must move your house to the lee of the stone.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"No rat could move my house! It's... The Owl looms close again. Great Owl: \"They have ways!\" Mrs. Brisby: (Chastened) \"I don't understand...but we'll do as you say.\" Great Owl: \"It is night. I must go.\" The Owl steps forward out of his alcove and heads for the door, leaving Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby to get out of his way as best as they can. They watch him limp to the entrance. He turns once... Great Owl: \"Remember...lee of the stone.\" The Owl proceeds past the cowering Jeremy to the end of the branch. He spreads his wings, and flies off into the night. Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby rejoin Jeremy at the entrance. Jeremy: \"What...what did he say?\" Jonathan: \"He said to go to the rats.\" Jeremy: \"Rats. What rats?\" Mrs. Brisby: (To herself, thoughtfully) \"The lee of the stone...\"[Chapter 5] The Fitzgibbons farmhouse, front yard. Mrs. Fitzgibbons is outside hanging out the wash. Unnoticed by her, a baby's baptismal gown suddenly comes to life heads off across the yard towards the rosebush. It pauses as it passes Dragon, on his back asleep. The figure pulls the hood back, and we see it is Jeremy. He pauses to suppress a sneeze or two, and continues. Jeremy: \"Mrs. Briz! Briz! John!\" Jeremy reaches the rosebush and trips over a low branch. Jeremy: \"Oh, excuse me, pardon me.\" (Mrs. Brisby and Jonathan in unison) \"Jeremy?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What on earth?\" Jeremy: (Theatrically) \"You two are not gonna believe this, but...I'm in disguise!\" (He cackles diabolically) Mrs. Brisby: \"Jeremy, please, not now! We're trying to find the entrance, And these thorns are very dense.\" Jeremy: \"Here, let me help you...\" Jeremy sticks his head in among the thorns, and... Jeremy: \"OW YEOWCH!\" Mrs. Brisby jumps up and wraps her arms around Jeremy's beak, shutting him up. He makes muffled sounds. Mrs. Brisby: \"Will you be quiet? They'll hear you! Jonathan: \"Yeah! You don't want Dragon to be chasing you again after yesterday afternoon now, do you?!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I've got to go find this Nicodemus before the farmer gets that tractor fixed!\" Jeremy: \"I'll keep a lookout!\" Jeremy tries to takeoff, but his \"disguise\" catches on the bush, and he ends up hanging upside down. Mrs. Brisby: \"Will you...! (Shuts him up again) You're going to get all of us killed!\" Jeremy: \"I don't see anybody coming.\" He falls to the ground with a THUMP. Mrs. Brisby: \"If you really wanted to help us, you'd go away.\" Jeremy: \"Why that's very brave of you, Mrs. Briz, but I can't...I can't leave you here alone. Why, if anything were to happen, think...think of the children!\" Jonathan: \"That's it!\" Jeremy: \"Huh? That's what?\" Jonathan: \"Jeremy, someone...strong should be protecting our children. In case that tractor starts up again.\" Jeremy: \"Oh, in case the tra...Hey! How 'bout me?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh...would you?\" (she flutters her eyes at him) Jeremy: \"Yeah, sure! That'd be terrific practice! Girls can't resist a guy who's good with kids, you know, domestic type. Play games, help out, domestic!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes. Yes, domestic. Now whatever you do, don't tell them where me and my husband are at.\" Jeremy: \"My lips are sealed, Mrs. Briz.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Bye.\" Jeremy: \"Good luck with the rats, you two!\" He salutes sharply, then pulls the gown back around himself. Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby turn back to the bush, but Jeremy comes back one last time. Jeremy: Oh!...Where do you and your husband live?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"By the big stone in the garden.\" Jonathan: \"Just stay out of trouble. Okay?\" Jeremy: \"Not to worry, you two. I love kids and kids love me. (Jeremy starts rapping) Kids love me and I love kids, I a-love-a-kids, and-a kids a-love...\" Not watching where he's going, he trips over the cat's leg, whick Dragon, still sleeping, immediately wraps around him. Suppressing sneezes, Jeremy tries to pull the gown out of Dragon's grasp. Finally, he sneezes, inflating the gown, and propelling himself into the air. Mrs. Fitzgibbons: \"Dragon! You lazy kitty! Go catch some of thoses rats in the barn! Mrs. Fitzgibbons retrieves the gown. Dragon opens an eye, then falls asleep again. Mrs. Fitzgibbons: (Musingly) \"I've never seen a cat sleep so much.\" Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby watch this, and then returned to their search. Jonathan: \"Talk about a way to escape from a cat that big in his sleep like that.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Don't worry about him, John. He will be a great babysitter for our children.\" Hi guys. Sorry if this chapter is short and took so long to upload another one. It's just that I've been working on an another chapter that will be uploaded in the future. So as soon as I upload the chapter called \"Jeremy and the sparkly\", I will also upload that other chapter that I've been working on for a while at the same time. Now be sure to leave a favorite, a review, or follow my story to see more till the story is complete. Until next time, thanks for reading!;-)[Chapter 6] Just as Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby enter Inside the rosebush, weird lights flicker and crackle. Mrs. Brisby: \"Jonathan. I have a very bad feeling about this place. Have you ever been in here before?\" Jonathan lies. Jonathan: \"Uhhh...no. I have not seen this place before in my entire life. Besides, what's the worst than can happen in a creepy empty bush like this?\" Suddenly, electrical current seems to flow all around them. They narrowly escape being caught by some sort of animated vines that tangle together, drawing the thorns across the entrance tightly. Jonathan: \"Okay that's my bad. That was terrifying. I guess were not getting out of this rosebush that way. We'll have to only go forward.\" They proceed through the bush, past sights wondrous and frightening, finally reaching a curtain across the way. Jonathan lets his wife peer through it. On the other side, is a brightly lit place in the center of the rosebush, with an elegantly wrought footpath over a small pond, leading to an elaborate arch with a tunnel opening leading underground. They enter the open space, looking left and right at the beautiful landscaping. Mrs. Brisby: \"You know John from a place like this, this actually isn't as bad as I thought it was. This place is amazing!\" Jonathan: \"You can say that again. Well from a place that gorgeous, I guess things couldn't get any worst.\" Jonathan was mistaken. Suddenly, a massive metal object crashes down to the ground directly in front of Mrs. Brisby. She looks up into the eyes of an enormous rat with a battleaxe! She speaks with a terrified tone of her voice. Mrs. Brisby: \"Er...hello. I'm...I'm Mrs. Brisby.\" The rat says nothing. Mrs. Brisby: \"Umm...ummm...I was told to see Nicodemus. Are you Nicodemus?\" The rat lunges, striking at her with his axe. She jumps backward. He moves forward, axe poised. Jonathan just stands there watching. Mrs. Brisby: \"Please, I need help!\" Jonathan: (Thinking in his mind) \"Brutus! What the hell do you think you're doing?! That's my wife your attacking!\" Brutus strikes again, and again, chasing Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby out the way they came. He slashes the curtain behind them for good measure before turning back to the entrance. Mrs. Brisby ducks into a hiding place. Jonathan tries to encourage her to come out now that she's safe, but she won't listen to him. Immediately, an ominous shadow approaches... Mr. Ages: \"Who goes there?\" Jonathan: \"It's just me and my wife, Mr. Ages!\" Mr. Ages: \"Jonathan? Mrs...Brisby? What are...what are you two doing here?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh! Oh thank goodness it's you!\" Mr. Ages: \"Jonathan. How in thunder did your wife get in here?\" Jonathan: \"The plow has come early to the field...\" Mr. Ages: \"Well, you two better march straight back the way you came!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"...We can't bring Timothy out. The chill in the air will kill him!\" Mr. Ages: \"That's another matter. That doesn't explain what you're doing here.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"...and that big rat chased us away. But we must see Nicodemus! The Owl told me to see Nicodemus!\" Mr. Ages: \"Well, yes, you should...(His voice trails off) The Owl said?\" Hesitantly, Mrs. Brisby nods. Mr. Ages: \"Here now, what owl? What are you talking about?\" Jonathan: \"We went to see The Great Owl.\" Mr. Ages: \"The Owl? You two say you saw...the Owl?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes, and he said I should ask for Nicodemus.\" Mr. Ages: (Distractedly) \"Er, yes, I know Nicodemus.\" Jonathan: \"He lives with the rats.\" Mr. Ages: \"More specifically, he is the leader of the rats.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"You know him?\" Mr. Ages: \"No one has ever seen the Owl...and lived to tell about it!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Please...could you take us to see Nicodemus?\" Mr. Ages: \"Well...(Struggles for a moment)ye-e-ess, yes. (To Jonathan) But Jonathan for your wife's sake, I hope she's telling the truth! Come on.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"What about the large rat in the entrance? We can't go back there. Well...I mean I just can't.\" Mr. Ages: \"Oh that's just Brutus.\" Jonathan: \"Yeah, but what the hell is his problem?! He wasn't supposed to try and kill any visitors to come here! One minute, my wife and I were having a moment of peace together and then the next, Brutus slashes his giant axe out of nowhere right in front of my wife's face!\" Mr. Ages tried shake his hands left and right to get Jonathan stop talking about something that his wife shouldn't here, knowing one of the rats. But it was too late and Mrs. Brisby let it out with one simple question. Mrs. Brisby: (Scaredly) \"Jonathan, what are you talking about?\" As Jonathan finally stopped talking, he knew that he was screwed. He puts his head down, turns to his wife's face, sighs, and speaks. Jonathan: \"Look, Liz. I lied. okay? I had to lie so that you wouldn't be afraid of this place as soon as we came inside and because you weren't ready about the secrets of my past. I've actually been in this place before years ago. When I was younger before I met you, and after I...I mean we escaped N.I.M.H. four years ago, we've fled into the woods, hiding from the rats of that horrible place. We've been looking for a place for shelter to keep ourselves hidden from 'them'. sadly, we've found no place to live or hid until, we found a huge farmhouse with only one huge bush in its front yard. We've stayed inside the rosebush ever since. It wasn't easy, but for me and my friends, it was worth it. And luckily, 'they' were able to end their search and found their way back to N.I.M.H. And trust me, there is a lot of thing to discover about me and my past. That's why I lied to you earlier. now you understand?\" Mrs. Brisby paused for a moment and then turned to Mr. Ages. Mrs. Brisby: \"Mr. Ages, is he telling the truth?\" Mr. Ages sighs deeply and then looks up at Mrs. Brisby and spoke. Mr. Ages: \"I'm afraid my deer woman...yes..it's true, Jonathan is known by everyone in this bush. But he's right, as soon as we get to see Nicodemus, there will be a lot of secrets to discover about our history with N.I.M.H. Okay?\" Mrs. Brisby: (Nods) \"Okay.\" Mr. Ages: \"Good. Now Jonathan, if you and your wife will just follow me.\" Jonathan follows Mr. Ages but Mrs. Brisby still hangs back. Jonathan and Mr. Ages stop for a second and turn to her. Mr. Ages: \"Well? Come on!\" Reluctantly, Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby follow Ages back through the curtain while Mrs. Brisby holds on to his husband's arm in case if anything else that's purely terrifying starts happening again, cause she couldn't take any chances. No matter if the place looks friendly at first. Hey guys it's Nick830 and again, sorry if it took too long to upload another chapter. Mainly, I was focusing doing stuff for school and had other stuff to work on. But anyways, hope you enjoyed this chapter. If you did, leave my fanfiction story a review, add it as your favorite, or maybe even follow me on fanfiction to see more chapters in this story in the future. So as always, thanks for reading![Chapter 7] Nicodemus watches Jonathan, Mrs. Brisby, and Mr. Ages in his sphere. Nicodemus: \"Jonathan, you and your wife have come at last. Perhaps now I can repay you for your kindness to me. Yet Mrs. Brisby, who served the rats of N.I.M.H. far more than we her, Jenner I fear may do her harm...\" The image in the sphere changes to a dark, sharp-featured rat, with a certain sinister handsomeness to him. This is the Jenner of which Nicodemus speaks. Nicodemus: \"...He is consumed by lust for power.\" Nicodemus cradels the same amulet we saw earlier. Nicodemus: \"Thus far, the amulet has remained safely hidden. But if he finds it, heaven help us.\" Jonathan and Mr. Ages lead Mrs. Brisby down a long twisting passageway deeper into the earth, while Mrs. Brisby is still holding Jonathan's left arm tilts he r head to his shoulder in case of anything 'terrifying' happens again to her like last time. Mrs. Brisby: \"Forgive me, Mr. Ages. I noticed you limping.\" He is not only limping, but he also has a cast on one leg. Jonathan: \"Mr. Ages, what on earth happened to your leg?!\" Mr. Ages: \"That's none of your affair. Now Mrs. Brisby, what you are about to see and hear, you must swear absolute secrecy.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Yes, I unders...\" Mr. Ages: \"Swear it!\" Mrs. Brisby: \"I promise.\" Mr. Ages: \"If any of this ever got out, we'd have humankind bulldozing their way down here to...to blow the place apart.\" Mrs. Brisby: (To Jonathan) \"Jonathan, is it always so dark here?\" Jonathan: \"We're down three feet. But trust me Liz, this place is not that deep. Cause like I said, I've been visiting this place for years. Now lets get you to Nicodemus and get this over with.\" Suddenly, the tunnel is lit with several electric lights of different colors. Mrs. Brisby GASPS at the sight and lets go of Jonathan's arm. Mrs. Brisby: \"It's the most beautiful sight I've ever seen!\" Jonathan: \"Yeah! Quite beauty in here huh?\" The chamber revealed by the lights is quite large, and filled with a remarkable assortment of junk, most of it appearing to be children's toys. For example, a row of toy soldiers is lined up against the wall. Mrs. Brisby glances at them briefly, then moves on and holds on to Jonathan's arm again. Behind her, Jonathan, and Mr. Ages however, one of the soldiers open its eyes. It's actually a large rat. He breaks rank and creeps up behind them, finally reaching out and grabbing Mr. Ages around the throat. Rat: (Hisses) \"Reveal thy name!\" Mr. Ages: \"Justin, you featherhead! Get your hands off me!\" Justin: \"Alright, alright, just a joke! I didn't mean any harm. The meeting's already in progress.\" Mr. Ages: \"What's all this about?\" Justin suddenly notices Mrs. Brisby who is holding Jonathan's arm. She has already noticed quite a bit about him. Mr. Ages: \"Yes, yes, she can be trusted. This is no stranger. My dear, may I present Justin, the captain of the guard. Justin, Mrs. Brisby.\" Justin: \"Not...Mrs Jonathan Brisby!\" Mr. Ages: \"Yes, the same.\" Justin: (bowing grandly) \"It is an honor and privilage, milady.\" Mr. Ages: (sarcastically) \"If we could dispense with the formalities...?\" Mrs. Brisby is all eyes for Justin. Mrs. Brisby: \"How beautiful... Justin: \"Ma'am?\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Oh! Er...the lights! They're quite lovely.\" Justin: \"Yes, they are. We've had electricity for four years now.\" Mr. Ages: \"Five.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Jonathan here, often speaks of electricity.\" Justin: \"But you see, our shame is that we're stealing it, from Farmer Fitzgibbons.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Stealing?\" Mr. Ages: \"All of that is going to change.\" Justin: \"He means we're working on a plan.\" Mr. Ages: \"I mean, that we HAVE a Plan. And this stealing will stop.\" Jonathan: \"Exactly!\" Mr. Ages, Jonathan, and Justin lead Mrs. Brisby to a deep hole in the ground. A lantern suspended from a cable is moored at the edge. Jonathan, Mr. Ages, and Mrs. Brisby enter, Justin casts off the cable and leaps onto the lantern as it swings away from the edge. Then it drops, into water, and continues down. Mr. Ages: \"Now...Oh yes. Why did you send for me?\" Justin: \"It's Jenner. He's at it again. Mr. Ages: \"Hmmm. There blows an ill wind.\" Justin: \"He's before the council now. This time he's attacking Nicodemus openly.\" Mr. Ages: \"And the plan, no doubt.\" Jonathan: (Upsetingly) \"Ah, that son of a bitch!\" Mrs. Brisby: (Slaps Jonathan's right arm) \"Jonathan! Language!\" Jonathan: (Nervously) \"Sorry!\" Justin: \"Nothing will come of it. It'll pass.\" Mr. Ages: \"Beware, boy, he's dangerous. Jenner will be the undoing of the rats of NIMH. The lantern elevator enters a dome-shaped room and touches bottom. A door at the top irises shut around the cable, sealing the room, which quickly drains water. The four emerge from the elevator. Mrs. Brisby: \"I'm sorry to come here such a bad time. I suppose...\" Justin: \"No, sweet lady, you are welcome here. We tend to take ourselves a bit too seriously. Besides, you are THE Mrs. Jonathan Brisby. The spouse of our bravest hero yet.\" Jonathan: (Awkwardly) \"Yeah, yeah, ha ha ha(Fake laugh) very funny Justin, very funny.\" Mr. Ages: \"Humph.\" Hey guys it's Nick830 again, and yes I am sorry AGAIN. I was busy with school again. But like i said, i will soon upload 2 chapters in one day as soon as possible. Hint: The second chapter I will upload in one day will be called 'Drugging the Cat.' So make sure to add a review or a favorite. Or even follow my story on fanfiction to see more chapters in the future. So until next time, peace out! ;-) Update: Also, check out some articles on google to see more info about the new remake of 'Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH' by MGM!;-)[Chapter 8] The four proceed towards the Council chamber. The caverns are huge, arching, with extensive brickwork and rich appointments. The floors are paved. As they near the chamber, the sounds of ARGUMENT can already be heard. Jenner: \"The plan is nothing but folly! A doddering old fool's fantasy! Nicodemus would have us destroy this colony only to lead us to starvation in some wilderness!\" Justin: \"Ahem. Good ol' Jenner.\" Mr. Ages pauses outside the door. Mr. Ages: \"Wait. Listen.\" Councilman 1: \"Moving to Thorn Valley is a good plan!\" Jenner: \"Fie! We have everything we need right here!\" Councilman 1: \"You mean we steal everything we need.\" Justin picks up Mr. Ages by the back of his shirt, walks into the chamber and deposits Mr. Ages back down. Justin: \"Well come on, you suspicious old goat!\" Councilman 2: \"If we stay here, humans are bound to discover us.\" Councilman 3: \"They'd destroy us on spot!\" Councilman 1: \"I agree!\" Councilman 2: \"He's right. We'll be killed!\" Jenner: \"Not if we get them first!\" Councilman 3: \"He means war!\" Councilman 2: \"We'd be outnumbered.\" Councilman 1: \"There's too many of them!\" Jenner: \"Hear me! The Thorn Valley Plan is the aspiration of idiots and dreamers! We...\" Suddenly Jenner sees Justin, Jonathan and the others standing in the doorway. He CHUCKLES sarcastically. Jenner: \"We were just talking about you.\" Jonathan: \"That's refreshing, Jenner, usually you're screaming about us.\" The council LAUGHS. Jenner looks irritated. Jenner: (Points at Mrs. Brisby) \"Who is that? You know the rules, there are no visitors allowed here.\" Justin: \"May I present...Mrs. Jonathan Brisby.\" Mrs. Brisby curtseys shyly. A STIR runs through the council at the sound of her name. A short burly rat on the floor is not impressed. This is Sullivan, Jenner's chief cohort. Sullivan: \"Jonathan Brisby should have been dead by now!\" Jenner: \"She's not one of us. What is the meaning of this?\" Councilman 2: \"Send her away.\" Councilman 1: \"Let's get back to business!\" Mr. Ages: \"Wait, wait! She and Jonathan have been to see the Great Owl!\" Another STIR, louder this time. Mr. Ages: \"...He has told her and John that we could move the Brisby home to safety.\" Justin: \"Her home is Jonathan's home.\" Jonathan: (Nods) \"That's right.\" Sullivan: \"We have urgent problems of our own. Let the lower creatures fend for themselves!\" Loud ARGUMENT breaks out at the council. Just as Sullivan is about to say something else, Jenner catches his arm and whispers to him... Jenner: \"Wait my friend. I smell an opportunity.\" Sullivan: \"What?\" Jenner: \"Manoeuvers of this nature are dangerous. Accidents could happen.\" Councilman 2: \"Jenner?\" Sullivan: \"Accidents?\" Councilman 2: (Louder this time) \"Jenner?\" Jenner: \"I'll explain later. Mrs. Brisby! A thousand pardons, my dear! Forgive the ill temper of my colleague. It would be an honor to assist Jonathan's wife in any way. We are but your royal servants.\" Mrs. Brisby: \"Th..thank-you.\" Just as Jenner was lightly kissing on top Mrs. Brisby's left palm, Jenner notices Jonathan giving him a dirty, angry look on his face for giving his wife a hand kiss. Then suddenly, without his wife noticing, Jonathan slowly raises his right hand in air. When he stops, he immediately shows his MIDDLE finger and starts lip syncing... Jonathan: (Mouthing) \"F*** you!\" Jenner immediately lets go of Mrs. Brisby's left hand with an insulted look on his face. He really feels like he wants to start yelling at Jonathan for flipping him off. But he can't because he is in a middle of a council meeting with a group of others rats. Councilman 3: \"I second the motion.\" Councilman 1: \"Hear hear!\" Councilman 2: \"Motion has been moved and seconded. Those in favor make a show of hands. (Nobody raises their hands) Very well...\" Mr. Ages: (To Justin) \"He's up to something...Take Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby to the library. We'll approach Nicodemus when the meeting is over.\" Justin escorts Mrs. Brisby from the room while Jonathan grabs hold of her left arm with his right arm. Mr. Ages remains behind, eyeing Jenner suspiciously.\" Councilman 2: \"...Motion carried.\" Update: Hey guys, this Nick830 here. And again, I apologize for not adding another chapter to my story as much as I usually do every now and then. I haven't been updating my story for the past 5 months. For now on , I will type on the chapter every day. So thanks for reading. And until next time, peace out. Update #2: Also, not to get everyone confused in the first chapter of this fanfic story I made, Mrs. Brisby's first name is actually Elizabeth, not Sarah. I accidently put the name Sarah in the first chapter because people on the internet have been saying that Sarah is Mrs. Brisby's first name but believe it or not, Sarah is actually a fan name. The reason why Elizabeth is Mrs. Brisby's real name is because it gives memory to Elizabeth Hartman who was a beloved voice actor for Mrs. Brisby in the 1982 film, \"The Secret of NIMH\" by Metro Golden Mayor (MGM). The Secret of NIMH was Ms. Hartman's last film to act in before she quited acting due to depression and later died from her apartment on June 10, 1987. So I hope you all understand and I do apologize if this makes you sad. So thanks for reading, peace out. ","Summary":" Nicodemous: (Lights candle) \"Jonathan Brisby was injured today while helping with the plan. It is "},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"I am living a movie?","Author":"Kathleen Abaestian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5802782","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own any ideas from Yours Mine and ours. But mostly these are my ideas inspired by the movie, plus I got sick of only finding stories about the older siblings falling in love. So here's a story where they don't fall in love (with each other) . Chapter One Kate's POV Kate, Maddie, Allison, Callie, Brianna, Olivia, Eve, Gracie, Victoria… l Peter, Gentry, Jacob, Nathan, James, Cameron, Mark, Troy, Jason, Josh, and Grady. That's my family, I know what you're thinking, 21 kids?!?!? Well that thick line up there in between boys and girls mark where my family ends and my Dad's family begins. I remember that night perfectly, back when it was just me and my little sisters. My mom had gone out for a girls night out, something she was doing a lot more since the crisp fall day when she got the news that my dad's plane had gone down and he was never coming home. I guess mom found comfort in being with her friends where she was not constantly reminded of her husband's death. My mom had left 2 hours ago. During those 2 hours I had managed to give each of my 8 sister's a complete spa makeover and now there were 7 pairs of fuzzy slippers resting on the coffee table and one pair in mid air and one pair on my lap. We were watching our 2nd movie and eating our 5th bag of popcorn. When suddenly my mother came flitting in to the room and danced to the couch swinging baby Victoria off my lap and skipping around the room singing. I stared hard at her, this was the happiest I'd seen her since October… Then I saw the glint of a Diamond on her finger. \"Mom! Your finger!\" \"I know! Isn't it wonderful? I am married to my high school sweetheart!\" \"What? Mom, how?\" I stammered, while plowing my way through my younger sisters who were all under the age of ten and I being the eldest at age fourteen the only one who really understood what married meant. \"Oh, honey I was dying to tell you! I meant Robert 2 weeks ago, we used to be totally in love and well we went our separate ways and well oh, honey it all just worked out! We just got married!\" My mom twittered. \"Wait, hold on! You just went and married this guy? Does he know you have 9 girls? Even one who's only one year old?\" I screamed, on the verge of hysteria. \"Oh, dear, of course he knew!\" \"Does he have any kids?\" A terrible idea creeping into my mind from the movie we just watched. \"Does he have 9 kids?\" I did the mental math that would be 18 just like in the movie! \"No… he has… 12!\" My mom laughed. I felt my eyes bulge… 12 kids plus 9 would equal 21 kids! I clutched the sofa, I stared at the screen of our TV. Where the menu for the movie Yours Mine and Ours shone. The little arrow flashed next to the play button. I let out a deep breathe and mentally pushed the play button on my life. \"Okay mom, I can handle this…\" My brain started to hyper ventilate at all the things left to plan and the major one caught in my throat. \"Where are we goanna live?\" My brain flashed back to the light house at which the kids in the movie had to move to. \"I already found a place!\" \"Where?\" I held my breathe waiting for the answer. \"A mansion on Lake Sammamish!\" \"We can not afford that!\" \"Oh, but my husband can! His Late Mother left him her house in her will! Isn't that exciting darling?\" \"Wonderful!\" With that I turned around grabbed Gracie's chubby hand and hauled her up the stairs to bed with the troop following at my heels. In the littlest girls bedroom we all met for a meeting. \"If mommy's married will I have a new family?\" Brianna asked. \"Yes dear, we'll meet them tomorrow,\" Suddenly I was too tired for a meeting and with out further ado sent the girls to bed. 15 minutes later I was fast asleep. PLEASE REVIEW! (before you read the next chapter)[Chapter 2] Okay so I am a little random and may end up switching the characters names so if you get confused go look at the first page… (at the top) Chapter Two Jacob's POV My alarm started ringing at 6:30 AM… I slammed my fist down hard immediately the buzzing noise stopped. Another noise then filtered into my darkened room. The sound of a movie! I crept out of my bed and stealthily moved to the door careful not to wake my bro Gentry. I slipped out into the hall way and made my way to Mason and James' room. Where they had their TV on. \"Hey Dudes whatcha watching?\" \"We're watching some totally crazy movie called Yours Mine and Ours! Wanna watch it?\" Mason mumbled. \"Sure why not?\" With in the next 30 minutes 7 of my brothers and I sat huddled around the TV as the sun rose out side our windows. It was then that my Dad came in and announced his married. I wasn't too surprised I mean mom had died a year ago and it was understandable that Dad would get married , but a with out telling us was a little extreme… but I won't bore you with the details of the next thirty minutes. I mean it got a little monotonous with 8 boys yelling at their dad. Yet, I was suddenly way more interested in the day when Dad wouldn't tell us how many kids his new wife had. All he would say was we were going to be moving to my Grandma's super awesome mansion with Jet skies and a trampoline in the water… \"Okay boys we leave at 9:00!\" That was the last thing I heard as I ran to pack up all my stuff in the last hour and a half before we left. Maddie's POV After a crazy morning of do this do that, hurry, hurry, hurry, pack this pack that, no yes no my family finally made it out the door to our new fully furnished mansion. I would have died if I had been given one more order. So by the time we arrived at our new home the other family was already there… I was super scared while walking up to the big double doors of our new house and I thought I was going to run away when I saw the line of 12 big boys in the front entry hall. Nathan's POV Girls. All girls! Seriously how boring can this get? I mean I don't mind girls but come on 9 girls? At least this house is huge… And maybe those little girls might be fun to tease and play pranks on! I eyed my new \"mom\" she was tall with long light brown hair with golden streaks. Her eyes were deep blue and she was slender and fit. She also looked like some one you would love to have on your side not against you. The eldest girl looked exactly like a younger version of her mom, if you haven't figured it out yet I am the observant one. Mark's POV I've seen girls before and often they're wimpy. In all my ten years I've never seen a girl who can stay on a Jet ski while I am driving. \"Hey, I've got a challenge! Which one of you girls wants to see if you can stay on a Jet ski while I am driving?\" I looked the girls up and down the only one other then the oldest whom I thought might stay on was Allison. \"You think you could do it Allison?\" \"How'd you know my name?\" Allison glared. \"Yah, my Dad made me memorize them!\" \"Fine. I can and will stay on the Jet ski while you drive!\" With that Allison and I were about to run out side when Peter stopped me. \"Shouldn't you ask us all to join you little buddy?\" \"Okay, but stay out of my way!\" I snarled and chased after Allison down to the water. Kate's POV I ran down to the water. I'd already gotten my sisters dressed in their swimming suits. It seems the plan all along had been for the kids to go swimming. I stopped at the edge of the water glad that Olivia, Eve, Gracie, and Victoria preferred playing dolls then swimming. It gave me much more freedom. One of the taller older boys gave me a shove and I went plunging into the water. I broke the surface only to dive back under as I saw the wrestling match of boys fighting to see who would go in the water first. Boys. Why of why did they all have to be stupid boys? I swam as fast as I could toward the trampoline when suddenly a Jet Ski went flying by in front of me. Allison's POV Mark handed me a life jacket and then we were off. I must state here and now that Mark is THE WORST driver EVER!!!!!! ","Summary":" I do not own any ideas from Yours Mine and ours. But mostly these are my ideas inspired by the movi"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Forbidden Love","Author":"FallingWithGrace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2952711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author'snNote : I don't own Yours, Mine, and Ours or any ofnthe characters in this story. I don't own Dylan North and WilliamnBeardsley. I don't own the actors. I do own this plotline. Warning :nTHIS STORY INVOLVES INCESTUOUS RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN THE CHARACTERSnWILLIAM BEARDSLEY AND DYLAN NORTH. AS IN HOMOSEXUAL RELATIONSHIPS. nDYLAN AND WILLIAM. SLASH. Don't read if you'll be offended. prologue. Hidden Secrets. DylannNorth perked up in bed, pushing the light quilt away from on top ofnhim that his mother had made. He'd been hearing the sniffs fornawhile now—he was just too lazy to get up. That was, until henrealized that someone was crying —and that someone was nonother than William Beardsley, his new stepbrother. It worried himnthat of all people William was crying, because his brother wasntoo strong and confident to be in such a distraught manner. Dylannran his hand through his dark brown hair, which was all mussed—seeingnthat he had been turning all night—a bad habit he tended to have. nOh well, a shower and brushing took care of his hair, but there wasnsomething going on that he had to take care of right now. \"Hey,\"nhe said, breaking the silence as he managed to push himself up in hisnbed, supported by his arm. He shook his head slightly, trying to ridnhimself of the sleepiness, and he glanced at the digital clock thatnlay near his bed. 3:05 in the morning—why was William crying at this time? What was going on, and why was he cryingnanyway? \"Will—dude, are you ok?\" His voice was purely concernnand care, but William didn't reply. Insteadnthere was a fumble from William's bed and a scuffle of blanket. nThe sound of haggard building filled the room, and Dylan tried tonlisten for his stepbrother's quiet sniffs. \"Come on, Will—maybe Aldo would try that, but aren't you old enough? Come on,nI'm not stupid. You're not sleeping, so what's wrong?\" There was no answer. Dylannwaited for a few seconds, and then climbed out of his bed. Stumblingnover the soft carpet to the other side of his room, he climbed up onnthe bottom of William's bed and waited for an answer. It still didn'tncome. \"Come on, Will. nWhat's wrong? Why are you crying?\" \"I'm not crying,\"ncame the muffled answer from under the sheets. Dylan couldn't helpnthe small grin that crossed his face. William had never been a goodnliar, and he wasn't starting now. He was so honest, and the factnthat he was lying just ran through his voice, making him completelynunbelievable. \"Come on, buddy. I'mnnot going to hurt you.\" Williamnabandoned his cover of indifference and pushed himself up in bed,nrevealing himself to his stepbrother with a choked sob. In the dark,nDylan could hardly see him, and he flicked on a lamp on William'sndesk that lay next to his bed. \"Oh God,\" saidnDylan, in a worried voice. William'snappearance suddenly impacted him greatly, the gratitude stepbrother'snfeatures standing out clearly in the weak light of the lamp. nWilliam's hair was disheveled, his eyes red and blotchy fromncrying. His cheeks glistened with tears and his voice trembled withnsoft whimpers. \"Will,nwhat's the matter?\" He reached cautiously up to hisnstepbrother's cheek and wiped away a tear. \"Come on, tell me.\" Will shook his head andncurled his body into a ball, his arms wrapped protectively around hisnlegs. \"Comenon, Will. I won't hurt you… please, it's ok, bro.\" Dylan'snvoice faltered as he stared at this broken individual. This scarednboy was his brother—the same William that was so strong and sonbeautiful… What had happened tonhim? \"I'm scared,\"nWilliam managed to whisper softly. \"Why?\" Dylannbluntly asked the obvious question and then flushed. He felt soninsensitive, so brash. \"There'snsomething about me that's…\" William struggled for the rightnwords, keeping his eyes down at his hands. \" Different. \" \"What? Come on,nWill, you don't deserve to cry.\" Dylan suddenly felt like cryingnhimself, the tears running through his voice. \"I…nI'm in love,\" William choked through his tears. \"I'm scared ,nDylan. I'm scared…\" \"Why?n Come on, Will, it can't be that bad. Does she not like younback or something?\" \"It'snnot a girl, Dylan. I'm gay.\" There was a skittish finality innWilliam's voice. Annuncomfortable silence settled over the brothers. \"Oh,\" whisperednDylan. Then… \"Who is it?\" William looked at him,nhis eyes glistening with tears. \"I'm gay, Dylan, and I'm innlove with you.\" Author'snNote : It was short, but it's just the prologue. Review fornmore, maybe? -Falling With Grace[Chapter 2] Author's Note : Thank you so much for all the feedback and support that you have given me. At 15, your reviews meant the world to me and I enjoyed every bit of my moments on . This is a unique, incredible community and my fellow Tryan lovers helped me so much. Just so you know, I do not know if I intend to continue many of these fictions-perhaps with the exception of Stolen Light- or if I happen to find a loose storyline that I plan to edit. I'm sorry, but at 15, I was naive and ambitious and crazy, and even though I still am many of those things-my writing style at age 19 has changed dramatically. If I do continue my fictions, they will be on the account strawberryfinn (so please add that author to alerts/favorites/etc.) Thank you so much for all of your support-your reviews were incredibly beautiful. The fictions that I have up here will be left here unless I decide to revise them, and in that case, they will be removed from the FallingWithGrace account and reposted at strawberryfinn. I have recently begun working with the Glee fandom, so expect to see a lot of fictions from that area So it's www . fanfiction . net / ~strawberryfinn (without the spaces). All my love, FallingWithGrace ","Summary":" Author'snNote : I don't own Yours, Mine, and Ours or any ofnthe characters in this story. I don't o"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"The Sketchbook","Author":"boshrocks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5834970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dylan lowered his eyes to his sketchbook as William caught him staring. At him. Again. Stop it, man. He's going to think you're a bigger freak than he already does. Dylan thought, absently doodling some adjustments to a sketch of his roommate. \"Hey, shouldn't you be doing that chem homework the mad professor set?\" Dylan looked up surprised. \"Since when do you refer to your favourite teacher as the mad professor?\" William shrugged. \"Christina said what he set was horrible and she's good at chem. You're not. Don't you think you should get started on it instead of doing your version of art?\" \"For the millionth time art is-\" \"What the artist says it is.\" William finished smirking. Dylan scowled and returned to his sketch. \"What are you drawing anyway?\" The question caught Dylan off balance and he shut the book quickly. \"It's none of your business.\" He snapped, inwardly wincing. William raised his hands in surrender. \"Ok, ok. Sorry. I was just curious.\" \"I'm hungry. You want anything from the kitchen?\" Dylan said it more to change the subject than anything. \"Dude you're always hungry. And no I'm alright.\" Dylan shrugged and got up, leaving the sketchbook on the bed. When he got to the door, however, he paused. \"Dude why do you have that class president poster on your wall?\" \"Um…it won me the election so I keep it as a reminder.\" \"You need a reminder that you're class president, a job you do every day? Dude you stink at lying.\" Chuckling Dylan left and William heaved a sigh of relief. It was late, so everyone was either asleep or doing homework. Jimi had midterms the next week so he'd probably be up revising for them. Dylan tried to be as quiet as possible so he didn't disturb anyone, but this was an old lighthouse with old wooden floors. And old wooden floors in old houses tend to creak when stepped on. Especially when you're trying to creep around quietly. He got himself a glass of milk from the fridge and sat down at the table, facing the window. He could see the sickle moon, looking like the grin on the Cheshire cat and an idea for a painting came to mind. \"What are you doing up?\" the surprise voice jolted him out of his thoughts. In the doorway stood Christina, not dressed for bed yet and looking decidedly frazzled. \"You're oh so charming brother isn't letting me get to sleep.\" \"Don't give me that, you're not even in your pj's yet.\" \"I don't wear pj's.\" \"Fine then. Your raggedy old t-shirt and pj bottoms. While we're on them can I make an observation?\" she asked sitting down next to him. \"If it won't hurt then yeah.\" \"Has anyone noticed that the t-shirt you sleep in is an old one of William's?\" Dylan's eyes widening told the answer. \"How has he not noticed?\" \"I put it on after he's gone to sleep and try and wake up before him.\" \"Dylan, this is you, you never wake up before he does.\" \"You'd be surprised.\" \"Am I allowed to ask why you wear it?\" \"Because it smells like him. You wouldn't understand.\" \"Try me.\" Dylan looked at her smiling preppiness and part of him wanted to confide in her, because he needed someone to confide this in. Another part of him just wanted to slap her. \"Go on. You've been moping for days and frankly it's depressing the little kids. The sooner you tell William how you feel about him the better it'll be for all of us.\" Excuse me? What?! \"You heard me.\" She said, reading his expression. \"You know?\" \"Of course I know. I make it my business to know everyone else's business. I'm a cheerleader, it's what we do. I'll let you in on a secret since it'll help you along. I know my brother, and that means I can tell when he's gone into super hiding mode. I mean he's a pretty private guy anyway since mom died, so not many people notice when he has something big to hide. In fact I think I'm the only person who notices it.\" \"He's hiding something big?\" \"Yeah. Since we met you North kids he's gone into super hiding mode big time. I thought that it was to do with dad marrying Helen, but then I noticed how he started to be like you. Haven't you noticed? He's started using phrases that you use all the time. And he's not wearing Jake Crew clothes so much.\" \"I noticed that.\" \"Did you also notice the way he looks at you the way you look at him?\" \"No.\" \"He's got better reflexes than you so you never catch him looking. You're slow so he sees you. You should work on that.\" \"I can't help getting caught. Every time I look at him my mind wanders off into fantasy world and it takes a moment to get it back.\" Christina giggled. \"Nice…what-d'you-call-it?\" \"Analogy?\" \"That's the one.\" They sat in silence for a moment, staring at the moon. Christina reached over and took his glass of milk and took a sip. Dylan rolled his eyes. She was always doing that. \"Why don't you tell him?\" \"I can't. I mean, what if Frank found out? I don't want to think about what he'd do to us.\" \"Don't worry about dad, we can keep it secret from him. Helen won't mind too much I don't think.\" \"Nah, she just wants us to be happy.\" \"What's stopping you?\" \"He's my stepbrother.\" \"Yeah, STEP-brother, not blood brother. Not the fact that he's…male?\" \"God no. I knew I was gay when I turned fifteen. The family doesn't know.\" \"And I won't tell them. Just tell him.\" \"What if he doesn't feel the same?\" \"He does. Look, I know him, and it's hard for him to be happy when he's hiding something this big. I want him to be happy. And I want you to stop moping.\" \"You really are a cheerleader aren't you?\" \"Duh. Tell him. Please. You'll both be happier, I promise.\" She stared at him intently, trying to force an answer out of him. \"I'll think about it.\"[Chapter 2] Pondering what Christina had said Dylan made his way back to his room. The room was empty and this didn't worry him; William was probably in the bathroom or something. The class president poster caught his eye and he smiled. It was the one he had made for his roommate, and one that he had taped in his sketchbook along with all the other design ideas for it he had had. Then he noticed something. There weren't any tacks holding it up on the bottom. It was almost as though it was hiding something underneath. Glancing at the door and making sure he couldn't hear William returning, Dylan leant over his roommates bed and lifted the poster. He blinked in shock. The poster was hiding something. It was a photograph; of him and William at the second wedding of Helen and Frank. They were just laughing and hanging out, both leaning against the refreshment table, looking perfectly relaxed and the friendship between them perfectly clear. \"What are you doing?\" William's voice from right behind him made him jump and turn, letting the poster fall back into place. \"N-nothing!\" Dylan stuttered. \"Yeah, sure.\" Dylan avoided William's eyes and it was then that he noticed what was in William's hand. It was his sketchbook. \"Is that what I think it is?\" he asked. William looked incredibly guilty. \"I think there's something we have to talk about.\" \"Yeah I'd say so.\" Oh god. Well here goes. \"Why is your sketchbook filled with pictures of me?\" \"Is it my fault you're so good looking? Why'd you take it?\" \"I was curious. Why'd you look under the poster?\" \"Curiosity. Why'd you hide that picture?\" \"I was embarrassed.\" \"About what?\" \"Just drop it okay?\" \"No. Why were you embarrassed?\" William gave him a pleading look. He looked so pathetic that Dylan took pity on him. Grabbing his sketchbook from his roommate he left the room. \"Phoebe!\" he whined, entering the girls room without knocking and collapsing onto her bed. Phoebe looked up from her book as her brother fell across her legs. \"What's with you?\" \"He's just moping like usual.\" Christina said from her desk. \"Shut up you. This is all your fault.\" Dylan snapped. \"What's she done this time?\" Dylan told them about what was hidden under the class president poster. \"I wondered where that photo went. I was going to frame it since you both looked so cute.\" Dylan simply glared at Christina. \"Is that what the problem was? You think William fancies you?\" Phoebe asked curiously. Huh? Why isn't she freaking or kicking a fuss? Shouldn't she be more surprised? \"No. The problem is he doesn't.\" Christina sighed. \"I thought we already covered this? He does fancy you.\" \"No he doesn't. He just wants to be friends.\" Christina and Phoebe exchanged a poignant look. \"Did he tell you this himself?\" Christina asked. \"Not in so many words.\" \"Then its just your brain getting all- what's the word?\" Christina looked to Phoebe for help. \"Fatalistic? Jumping to negative conclusions?\" \"Yeah that's the one. Just tell him already!\" \"Do I even have to dignify that?\" \"What's the worst that could happen?\" \"He rejects me horribly and requests a move to a different room. He freaks and starts yelling at me. He turns out to be a complete homophobe and beats the crap out of me. Need I remind you that he's bigger than me?\" \"He could also like you back, y'know.\" \"Yeah, doubtful.\" Simultaneously the girls rolled their eyes. \"Drama queen.\" They stated together in the same cynical tone of voice. \"Its called being realistic.\" \"No. You're a drama queen. Get over yourself and go tell my brother how you feel about him. Now!\" Dylan mock saluted and darted out of the room as she threw a cushion at him. A moment later he poked his head back into the room. \"Thanks, girls.\" He said sincerely. At their chorus of \"Aw's\" he disappeared from view with a distinct derisive mutter of \"Girls.\" Phoebe rolled her eyes. \"He's hopeless.\" \"He's male.\" \"Enough said.\"[Chapter 3] A week passed. The whole family noticed the new restraint with which William and Dylan treated each other. It was clear that a rift of some sort had formed. But they weren't fighting which was what they would normally do. They just stopped talking to each other. Occasionally one would catch the other looking at him but the look was turned away quickly with a little blush. Dylan spent most of his evenings camped out in Phoebe and Christina's room so he wouldn't have to talk to William. The girls pestered him constantly but it was better than the awkward silence which no amount of music could cover. Sunday night found Dylan unable to sleep. He couldn't get comfortable no matter how he tossed and turned. He didn't think that William was asleep yet. There were no telltale snores for starters. Dylan considered talking to him, here in the dark where William couldn't see him blushing. He struggled with himself for a while before deciding that he didn't have the nerve and sighing got up and left the room quietly. William decided that enough was enough and got up to follow him. Up in the lighthouse tower Dylan leant against the rail and gazed out to the inky black sea shimmering in the moonlight. \"We need to talk.\" It wasn't an order, or a demand, it was gentle and firm, and Dylan knew there was no escape. \"Yeah, I guess we do.\" Dylan didn't look up as William stood beside him. Despite what they'd said both remained silent for a while. \"You know the girls are starting to give me hell about you.\" Dylan was surprised to discover that it wasn't him who said it. \"What have they been saying?\" \"Well according to them, we're hiding something.\" Dylan chuckled, despite the sudden increase in his heartbeat. \"Oh yeah? Any idea what?\" \"Apparently the pair of us are hiding our true feelings.\" Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. \"Oh yeah?\" \"Yeah. They're pretty sure about you but weren't so sure about me.\" How many ways can I murder Phoebe and Christina without people noticing? \"Did you believe them?\" Wait, you moron, what are you doing? Oh crap. \"Not sure myself.\" \"Cryptic as always.\" William chuckled. \"You want to explain the picture under the poster?\" \"I like the photo. Wanna explain the sketchbook?\" \"Not really.\" \"Come on dude. Tell me.\" \"No.\" William sighed dramatically. \"Do I have to point out that you're wearing my t-shirt?\" \"Resorting to blackmail now? That's not like you.\" \"Whatever it takes.\" \"You're really not going to let up are you?\" \"Not a chance.\" \"Ugh fine.\" \"I like it when I win. Explain please.\" \"Do I really have to? Wasn't it obvious?\" \"Yeah. But I'm still gonna make you say it.\" \"Funny, I didn't know cruelty was a part of the military code.\" \"Technically the military dictates the ethical treatment of prisoners.\" \"Oh so I'm your prisoner now?\" Oh. My. God! You are such a flirt. Oh shut up. They looked at each other before looking away and snorting with laughter. \"Are you flirting with me?\" Yes you fool! \"Maybe.\" \"Good. It's about time.\" Shyly Dylan smiled at him, not caring that the blush had made a comeback. The kiss when it came was light, tentative, but determined. William's arms, snaking around the smaller boy's waist, held on as though to prevent him slipping away. They looked at each other and smiled before William bent down to capture his lips again, this time with more desire. Further down the tower Phoebe and Christina high fived, grinning like madmen. ","Summary":" Dylan lowered his eyes to his sketchbook as William caught him staring. At him. Again. Stop it, man"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"Move On","Author":"CaptainDuckula","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3058152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello!nSo, this is my new fic that I'm extremely nervous about. uf04anI'm hoping you'll enjoy it, if you don't please…don't flamenit. Just click that wonderful back button and make fun of me in yournhead. Here it goes. KUDOSnTO CARMEN WHO WROTE THE SUMMARY. I suck at summaries. xo. Movenon Katientook one last glance at the sunset slowly going down into the Tuscannvalley. She sighed and looked at her over packed small linennsuitcase. It was over flowing with books, scrolls, artefacts she hadnfound and clothing. She walked over and attempted to organize thingsnbut when it came down to it; Katie was an unorganized, big mouthednscatterbrain with a mind of her own. That came mostly from hernmother's side. Sadly, her mother had died giving birth to Katie. Itntook a while for her father to grow close to Katie and now, it justnseemed the he was a tad to over protective of her. You see, Katie wasna researcher, or as she preferred, an explorer. Ansharp pain went through Katie's arm and she hissed. Looking down,nshe saw that she had cut her arm on a jagged rock. Cursing, shenwalked over to a basin of water and cleaned her arm up. She looked innthe mirror and sighed. She had always hated her curly red locks andndon't get her started on the few, not even noticeable, frecklesnthat adorned her nose. Her pale face gave her lips a slightly darker,nfuller look. The only thing she loved about herself was her eyes.nThey were just like her sisters; emerald green. She threw the clothnback into the blood stained water and went back to fixing her bag.nShe crammed her books into one corner, and stuffed her clothes intonanother. Smiling, she closed her bag in satisfaction. \"Scusi?\"nStartled, she knocked over some artefacts as she swung around to seenwho it was. \"Sorry madame.\" Said Massimo, the head butler of thenvilla, in his deep Italian accent. \"The carriage is here.\" \"It'snalright.\" She frowned and began picking up the artefacts. \"If itnweren't for me knocking them over, I would have forgotten them.\"nShe dropped them on the table and sighed tucking a piece of her hairnbehind her ear. \"Now where to put these…\" Massimo chuckled andnwalked over to her. \"Myndear child, let me…how you say, fix this mess for you.\" Katiengiggled and kissed him on the cheek. He blushed and began organizingnher suitcase. She watched him for a few seconds and then left thenroom. She made her way down the stairs taking her time to looknat the pictures on the wall. Most of them were of the Vatican, or thenColiseum. Finally making it to the bottom of the stairs, she saw herncoachman waiting for her. In one hand, he held her coat and hat; innthe other he held an umbrella. She looked out at the rain then a looknof pure joy fell upon her face. If there was something Katie lovednmore then life itself it was the rain. The tiny raindrops fallingnupon the window pane was a sound of relaxation and pure ecstasy innher opinion. Gianni, her coachman, held out her coat and she slowlynsunk her hands into each arm. Pushing in her black skirt, she quicklyndid up her coat. He plopped the hat on her head and held the umbrellanabove there heads. Massimo came running down the stairs with hernsuitcase in hand and he ran to open the door. Another man opened thendoor to her carriage and stairs fell out of the side. She quicklynclimbed up them and sat on the comfy seats. Taking one last look atnthe villa, she grabbed her suitcase, thanked Massimo and the door wasnslammed. Gianni snapped the reins and they were off to the docks.nKatie leaned her head upon the window pane and soon the sound of thenrain lulled her to sleep. WhitenChapel, England. SergeantnGodley hobbled his way down the hallway angrily mumbling a few cursenwords each time he looked down at the letter in his hand. They werenunmarked but he knew who they were from and knew exactly who theynwere for without even looking at the address it was assigned too. Henpushed his way past a few constables and walked straight intonInspector Fred Abberline's office. Fred looked up but did notnacknowledge his presence. He merely nodded and looked back at hisnbook. Godley threw the letters at him and Fred jumped back. He pickednthem up and rubbed his forehead. \"Another?\"nHe asked pondering whether to open it or not. Godley nodded sittingndown in the nearest chair. He watched Abberline stare at it and thenanticipation annoyed him. \"Opennit fer fuck sakes.\" He roared. The chatter outside grew quiet andneveryone looked in the room. \"Close tha' bloody door!\" Withersnquickly grabbed the handle and slammed it shut. He turned back tonFred and noticed he was already reading the letter. MynDearest Fred, Inknow you are thinking about this and in my heart, I am hoping younwill make the right decision and come. Alice and I are lookingnforward to seeing you. I know we can be happy together. Just thenthree of us, living peacefully by the sea. You can start a new lifenhere, one without worry, without havoc. We can be a family…\" Frednpaused there. Family. That's all he had ever really wanted and thatnwas something he had almost gotten. He continued reading. A happynfamily. I will count the days until I see you again. Allnmy love, Mary Kelly. Frednread over the letter a few more times taking in everything she hadnsaid. Truth be told, after his wife died, he hadn't felt that waynabout anyone. Mary Kelly was an extraordinary women but he knew hencouldn't be with her. He couldn't be with anyone. Mary Kelly hadnleft for two reasons. To flee from the Ripper's eye, and to getnaway from all the pressure here in White Chapel. As much as Frednwanted to be with her, he wasn't willing to give up his life herenin England for her. Sure he loved her, but there wasn't thatnspecial spark there. He crumpled up the letter and threw it into thengarbage next to him. Godley sighed. \"I'ventold you…you can go to 'er now!\" He muttered angrily. \"They'venstopped watchin' ya!\" Fred ignored him and looked out the window.nHe put his hand on the glass and looked at the people in the streets. \"Indon't want to go to her.\" He said quietly. He turned around andnlooked at Godley. \"That feeling is long gone. I'm used to beingnalone…it works for me.\" Godley rolled his eyes and snorted. \"Tha'nis tha worse lie you've ever told me.\" Fred sat back down andnstared at the garbage can. \"IfnI were in love with her I'd be gone by now.\" He whisperednangrily. He did not like it when people called him a liar…unless henwas in fact lying. He sat back in his chair and Godley sat therenstaring at him. \"I'mnsorry.\" He stated. Fred waved his hand signalling him to leave.nGodley sighed and left the room without a fuss. Fred sat therenthinking to himself. Maybe Godley was right maybe he was lying tonsomeone…himself. He shook his head and dismissed those thoughtsnimmediately. Victoria was his one true love. There was no other andnhe swore to stay faithful to her. She was an angel. Dirty blonde hairnand blue eyes. She was oh so fragile and had this glow that madeneveryone happy. She was so patient and loving…and she was gone.nJust like that. He remembered the day so clearly but he wished hendidn't. She was giving birth to his child. Everything was goingnfine until she began screaming in pain. The baby was almost out andnthat was when his worst nightmare happened. She had died. It was sonfast that he didn't even know what was happening. The nurse hadnpushed him out and made him wait. It was his hour of hell. The doctorncame out and looked him in the eye. He didn't have to speak, Frednknew. They had died. Both of them, his wife and what he was told wasna son. He didn't see or talk to anyone for months…that was untilnKatie came. Hensmiled slightly. Katie O'Reilly. He remembered the first time henhad met her. He was about seven or eight when Katie came to England.nHe was walking through the park with his Sunday attire on when out ofnno where a small little girl had bumped right into him. They bothnfell to the floor. \"Oy!\"nThe girl yelled in an Irish accent. \"Watch where you're going.\"nHe looked at her. She had short curly red hair, and beautiful greenneyes. She was a bit chubby but it could have been her big white dressnaccenting her stomach. \"Hey!nYou ran into me.\" He yelped as she used his head as leverage tonstand up. She dusted of her skirts and held her nose in the air. \"Ladiesndon't run. They walk gracefully.\" He grabbed her arm and stoodnup. She gawked at him. \"Ladies do NOT like getting their armsnpulled either.\" \"Insee no lady.\" Fred said smiling big. She glared at him and thennwalked away. He chased after her. \"What's your name?\" Shenstopped and looked at him suspiciously. \"KatienO'Reilly.\" She said smiling. She jumped onto a park bench andnbalanced on it. Fred followed her. \"I'm from Ireland. Me and menpa just came here.\" \"I'mnFred Abberline.\" He smiled. \"And I'm from…here.\" Shengiggled and jumped off. \"Inknow that silly.\" He jumped beside her and they both laughed. Fredngrabbed her hand and they both walked down the pathway. \"FRED!\"nA female voice screeched. He cringed and saw his mother \"walkngracefully\" towards him. \"What do you think you're doing?nRunning off on me like that! I nearly had a heart attack.\" Shenlooked over at Katie and smiled. \"I see you made a new friend.\" \"KATIE!\"nA voice rang out. All three of them looked at the man running towardsnthem. \"I thought I lost you!\" He yelled. \"Don't ever donthat…\" He looked at Fred and at the woman. \"I'm sorry.\" Thenwoman laughed. \"Please,ndon't worry about it. Michael! Come meet…\" She looked atnKatie's father. \"CavannO'Reilly and this is Katie.\" She looked at Katie as she curtsied.nShe laughed and Mike came over. \"Thisnis Cavan and Katie O'Reilly. I imagine you just moved here fromnIreland.\" She assumed. Cavan nodded. Mike stuck his hand out andnCavan accepted. \"I'mnMichael Abberline. This is my wife, Annabelle and my son, Fred.\" Hensaid putting his hand on Fred's shoulder. \"Would you like us tonshow you around?\" \"OHnYES PLEASE!\" Katie yelled. Everyone laughed and they made there wayndown the street talking. They eventually became great friends. Evennwhen Katie left to become a researcher or explorer as she liked to bencalled they wrote to each other everyday. But, everyday grew to everynweek. Every week grew to every month. Every month grew to once in anwhile and once in a while soon grew to never. Katie was the one whonhad gotten him to come back to society, to his job, to his life afternVictoria died. She had talked to him and he was thankful for it. Henwondered how she was and if he'd ever see her again. Sometimes henwondered if she was still alive but he mentally kicked himself fornthinking such a thing. There was a knock on the door. \"Enter.\"nFred shouted pretending to look busy. Withers walked in. \"Godleynwould like to see you sir.\" Fred raised an eyebrow in amusement.nGodley was sending someone to fetch him? He was either mad or sorry.nHe believed it was a combination of the two. Fred got up and followednWithers to Godley's office. He knocked on the door with a smile onnhis face. Godley looked up and glared at him. \"Whynare you smilin'!\" Godley shouted angrily. Fred smiled and sat innthe chair across from him. Godley looked at him in awe. \"Why arenyou still fuckin' smilin'?\" He asked again in annoyance. \"You.\"nHe laughed. \"What do you want Godley?\" Godley sighed. He lookednup at friend with a serious look on his face. \"I want to know whynyou won't go to her.\" Fred groaned. \"Listennto me, I don't love her anymore. I know it sounds as if I'm annuncaring bastard but I haven't seen in her in a year and I justncan't find myself to have feeling for her anymore.\" All was quietnfor a few moments. \"Younare an uncaring bastard.\" Godley joked. Fred grinned and leanednback into a comfortable position. \"Donyou remember Katie?\" Godley nodded. \"Howncan you forget someone like her? She was something different I tellnya.\" Fred nodded in agreement. He wondered if he should write her anletter but he didn't know where she was at the moment. VaticannCity – Docks Thencarriage came to a sudden stop and Katie was thrown off the seat, outnof her slumber and onto the floor in a giant heap. She rubbed hernhead as the door opened and Gianni began rambling out apologies. Shenwaved her hand at him and got up. \"Justnget the bags.\" She said in an icy tone. He nodded and grabbed them.nHe pulled the bags off the seat and hit her in the process. Shenclosed her eyes and counted to ten. \"Gianni, please…walk awaynnow.\" He didn't walk away…he ran away. She yawned as shenstepped out of the carriage and into the moonlight. Had she slept fornthat long? It must have been at least three or four hours since theynhad left the villa. \"AhnMiss Katie.\" She looked over and smiled. She opened her arms andnwalked towards the man coming her way. \"Bastian.\"nShe hugged him and gave him a kiss on each cheek. \"So wonderful tonsee you again.\" He smiled. \"Vicenversa my dear. I was so happy when you asked if I would bring you tonEngland. I haven't heard from you in so long.\" She smiled warmlynand linked her arm with his. They walked up the gangplank andncontinued their chatter. \"Hownhave you and the misses been?\" She asked curiously. Bastian lookednaway and frowned. \"Bastian…\" \"Notnso good. I don't know what's wrong with her. She seems to benchanging moods. One minute she's happy and the next she's sulkingnin her bedroom or yelling at me for no reason. She's been sickntoo…mostly in the mornings.\" Katie rolled her eyes with a smilenat his oblivious state. \"She'snpregnant.\" He stopped walking and widened his eyes. She watched himnfor a few moments until he picked her up and spun her around thenroom. \"Glad you're happy.\" She laughed. \"I'mngoing to be a father!\" He yelled. The sailors clapped and whistlednin happiness. \"I can't believe it.\" He added running his handnthrough his black locks. \"Well,nyou best believe it. Don't give her a hard time. Understood?\"nKatie scolded putting one hand on her hip and pointing at him withnthe other. \"It's going to get a lot worse.\" \"Ohnboy.\" He moaned. Katie laughed. \"How have you been? Fine anythingnof interest this time?\" She shook her head sadly. \"No.nI found a few things I was looking for but not all of it.\" She satnon a barrel and rested her head on her arm. \"I don't know wherento look. I know what I need but it's not where the map shows it tonbe.\" Bastian nodded. \"Sometimes I wonder if this map isn't realnbut it has to be right? I mean, everything else was where it said itnwould be. I guess I just didn't look hard enough.\" She sighed.n\"Oh well, I found a few interesting things. Some scrolls, fossils,nsome artefacts…the usual. Just once I wish I would fine somethingndifferent that makes me happy.\" \"Younwill one day.\" Bastian smiled ruffling her hair. She hit his handnand fixed her hair. \"Ladiesndon't like their hair getting messed up.\" She said taking out anpin and fixing the piece that had fallen out. Bastian laughed andnwent up to the helm to take over. Katie turned her head and sighed. \"GoodbyenItaly. I shall return some day.\" She stared at the city until itnwas a black dot in the distance. After that, she went to her quartersnand slept until they arrived in England. WhitenChapel England. Frednopened the door to his house and smiled as his dog, Scraps, ranntowards him. He kicked the door closed and bent down so the dog couldngive him kisses. He then sat up and through his coat on the nearestnchair. With each step he took, he unbuttoned each button until he wasnbear chested. He boiled some hot water and poured it into his bathntub. He undid his pants and dipped himself into the hot water.nSitting back and relaxing he soon fell into a peaceful sleep. KNOCK. Frednslowly opened his eyes and sighed. \"This cannot be happening.\" Hengot out of the warm tub, wrapped a towel around his waist and went tonopen the door. \"FrednI…came at a bad time.\" A younger woman no older then nineteennblushed as she looked over Fred's body. He was quite built. Fredntried to cover his chest with his hands but it didn't work well. \"Nonno…I'll go change.\" He opened the door and the girl stepped innhappily. She stood there until he told her to sit on the couch withnScraps. He quickly changed and stepped back out. \"What's wrongnCarrie?\" She sadly looked up at him. \"It'snmy father.\" He nodded and sat down next to her. \"He…he won'tnstop.\" \"Carrie,nlook darling, you have to tell someone else…not just me.\" Shenstarted to cry softly. He sighed and slowly sat next to her wrappingnhis arms around her. \"Incan't. I feel ashamed. My father…how would you tell someone thatnyour father touches you?\" She said spitting the word touches outnlike venom. \"Look,nluv, if you can tell me…you can tell someone else. If someone findsnyou here, people are going to start to wonder.\" She nodded andnslowly got up and walked over to the door. Fred followed. \"I donenjoy your company but I told you, come see me while I'm at thenoffice.\" She sadly nodded again. He moaned. \"Carrie, look, I knownI haven't been much help but you need to testify alright?\" Oncenagain, she nodded. Fred smiled. \"That's my girl.\" Carrienblushed. \"Bye!\"nShe ran off into the streets and into her home. Fred closed the doornand sat next to the dog again. He hated the fact that he couldn'tndo anything. Sure, he was an Inspector but there was no real evidencenof this happening. If she testified, they could have a warrant tonsearch his house for anything, to talk to him….to put that bastardnaway. At nights, Fred blamed himself for what happened to her becausenhe had to send her back there but he knew it wasn't his fault. Thenone thing he'd never forgive himself for was his wife's death.nAll of him blamed him for what happened. He had helped make thenchild, he had helped make her die. Over and over again, Katie hadntold him it was not his fault but he couldn't bring himself tonbelieve her. He yawned and laid down next to Scraps and soon fellnasleep. OnenMonth Later – England Docks. Katie's P.O.V Sunlightnpierced into the room and into my eyelids. I slowly opened them andnrolled over onto my back. Was I finally in England? I hoped so. Inloved ships but being on here for a month was driving me insane. Hownsailors and pirates did it amazed me. I guess I wasn't cut out fornlife on the sea. I'm a landlubber and the pirates would say. Therenwas a knock on my door and I lifted my head up. \"It'snopen.\" I called sweetly. The door opened and in stepped Bastian. \"We'renhere.\" He said as happily as I was. I could tell he wanted to getnoff this ship as much as I wanted to. He wanted to see his wife. I,nhowever, was here for an entirely different reason. I needed to getnsome scrolls deciphered then I was on my way to Egypt. I motioned fornBastian to leave the room. Once he did, I got up and changed into ansimple crème coloured dress. I splashed some water on my face,nran a comb through my hair, put some khol on and away I went. Instepped onto the docks just in time to see the gangplank drop. Somenwomen were waiting on the dock, some men were as well. I smiled andngrabbed my bag. \"Thanknyou.\" I smiled at Bastian giving him a hug. \"And remember, bennice to your wife. You're going to want to kill her but pleasenrestrain.\" He smiled. \"You'renwelcome and thank you for the advice. I wouldn't want thenconstables after me now would I?\" I chuckled and thought of my oldnfriend Fred. \"Don'tnmention it and of course not.\" I winked walking away from him. Inpushed past the men, women and children who adorned the streets ofnEngland. I found my carriage and smiled as I opened my book and readnwhile I was taken to White Chapel District. It seemed as if we hadnonly been in the carriage for five minutes until we had stopped andngotten out. I looked around and sighed. It hadn't changed a bit.nWomen parading around in revealing clothing, men gallivanting afternthem with a look of pure lust in there eyes, children stealing thingsnfrom people, and the elderly sitting on the streets begging fornmoney. I pulled out a satchel and handed it to one man near me. Hensmiled and held it protectively. I grinned and walked off to find mynold friend at the library, Nathaniel DeCarlo. I walked up thenstaircase and into the doors. After looking around for severalnminutes, I spotted him. He was standing on a ladder putting away somenbooks. I decided to give him a scare. I crept up behind him andnmerely kicked the ladder. He grabbed onto the bookcase and lookedndown. He was about to yell but smiled instead. \"Katie!\"nHe yelled. People shushed him from every direction but he ignored it.nHe jumped down and pulled me into a big hug. I patted his back andnsmiled. \"It's been a long time.\" \"Toonlong.\" I added in grinning. He threw his books on the floor andnwalked over to the desk where a stuffy old woman was sitting givingnus dirty looks. He grabbed his coat and smiled at the woman. \"Agnusnmy beautiful flower. Something has come up and I'm afraid I mustnleave.\" She narrowed her eyes at him and I stifled a giggle. \"What'snso important now?\" She inquired in a monotone voice. Her grey hairnwas pulled into a tight bun. The wrinkles on her face reminded me ofnthe raisins I used to eat as a child. I couldn't stand them now.nHer eyes were emotionless. \"Myndear friend is back.\" He smiled leaning on the desk. She looked atnme and then at Nathan. \"Alright.\"nShe replied quietly. She picked up a stack of books and turned awaynfrom us. She walked away slowly, dragging her feet. Nathan grabbed menby the arm and pulled me out into the streets. Ho'kaynso. If you liked it, yay! Please review. If you didn't; thanks fornreading and hopefully, you'll find a better story. uf04a Jack:nWHAT HAPPENED TO OUR FIC? I thought I was the most important one innyer life. Me: Uhm, no. I'm MARRIED to Fred. Fred: -smiles-[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 – Long time, no see A/N: YAY 3 reviewers. haha, aww, im terrible. I love you guys. uf04a so, heres the next chapter. :) YAY. \"What's so important now?\" She inquired in a monotone voice. Her grey hair was pulled into a tight bun. The wrinkles on her face reminded me of the raisins I used to eat as a child. I couldn't stand them now. Her eyes were emotionless. \"My dear friend is back.\" He smiled leaning on the desk. She looked at me and then at Nathan.\"Alright.\" She replied quietly. She picked up a stack of books and turned away from us. She walked away slowly, dragging her feet. Nathan grabbed me by the arm and pulled me out into the streets. \"So Katie, what treasures have you found lately?\" Nathan inquired pulling out his money as we entered the market. \"Better yet, where have you been?\" I smiled and went over to a fruit stand. \"I was in Tuscani.\" I picked up an apple and examined it. \"I went there to look for one of the disciples books. You know me; I like to cut corners so all I found were the scrolls that tell you how to get there. I continued to look for the book but no such luck.\" The lady smiled at me which made me feel bad for not purchasing anything. We continued to walk. \"You never believed in God. Why look for one of his followers books?\" Nathan pointed out a stand of vegetables and hand picked six of them. The lady graciously took them, washed them and bagged them. \"You don't understand the significance of this book.\" I told him. \"This could change everyone's beliefs.\" Nathan looked at me in amusement.\"Must you prove God's a sham?\" He asked loudly. Men and women around us stared at me and whispered among themselves. I glared at Nathan and walked away. He ran in front of me and opened his mouth but I cut him off. \"I never said that! It's just…how can you have faith in a man who's put so many terrible people on Earth?\" Nathan opened his mouth but was once again cut off by me. \"I mean, if he's supposed to be all forgiving then why do people suffer for the things they do? Why must a person be sentenced to death if they've killed someone in self defense? And why would he send people to hell?\" Nathan didn't say a word. \"Well…\" \"Tomatoes.\" Nathan said looking at his hands. I furrowed my eyebrows at him. \"Tomatoes?\" I said aloud. He nodded and ran back to the stand. The woman stood there impatiently with the bag of tomatoes. She held her hand out and Nathan grinned sheepishly as he stuck his hand in his pocket and pulled out four shillings. He dropped them in her hand and she practically shoved the bag into his arms and sat down greedily, waiting for another customer.\"Tomatoes.\" He smiled. I hit him playfully on the shoulder and laughed. He smiled and we both continued walking down the narrow street. \"Now for the answer to your many questions: I don't know.\" I giggled. He glared at me in a joking manner and continued walking and talking. The bloke didn't even notice that I had stopped walking. I stared at a little boy no older then nine. He was scrawny and definitely malnourished. He had shaggy brown hair that popped out from underneath his patched up hat. His clothes were old and ripped in various places. In his hand, he held a basket full of raisins and bags. People pushed past him as if he wasn't there. Not one single person even acknowledged his presence. Sadly, he turned around and went over to a middle aged woman who was dressed in an old black dress. I put my hands in my pockets and sighed. \"Consider this my good deed for the rest of my life.\" I muttered walking over to them. The woman stopped talking to the boy and looked at me with a smile on her face. The boy turned around and looked right into my eyes. \"I'll take them all.\" His eyes lit up and he handed me the basket. I gave them all the money I had on me and walked away, Nathan stood at the end of the market with more bags in his hands. As I walked toward him he kept looking into my basket.\"I thought you didn't like raisins.\" I stared at the little boy walking away happily with what I guessed was his mother. I dumped the basket in the alley beside me, turned around and continued walking. \"I don't.\" I stopped walking and looked at Nathan. He shrugged and continued walking. Abberline Residence. Fred's P.O.V I awoke to Scraps licking my face. I stuck my hand on his face and pushed him back, He barked and ran to the knock on the door. I groaned. Why must veryone bother me? I slowly got up and opened the door. \"Ello.\" Godley shouted. I lowered my eyelids and looked outside. Either it was extremely early in the morning or I hadn't been sleeping for a while. \"S'not morning.\" I muttered walking back to my couch. \"Yes, thanks for pointing that out. I had no idea.\" \"I don't appreciate your sarcasm.\" I said a tad rudely. Godley sat across from me and took his hat off. \"I'm taking you out.\" I raised an eyebrow at him. \"The ten bells. My treat.\" \"I'm flattered…\" I said standing up and walking over to the table. \"but I don't go that way.\" \"As much as I'd love for this to be a date I know it won't happen.\" Godley said turning around and facing me. \"Git some clothes on. I won't take no fer an answer.\" I leaned on the table and frowned. \"That won't work.\" \"Alright, alright.\" I muttered walking to the bedroom. I slammed the door behind me and picked up the clothes that decorated my floor. In all honesty, I wanted to go out. There wasn't much to do in this dreary town. When I wasn't working at the office, I was at home working. A night out wouldn't kill me. I pulled my breeches on and the shirt I had been wearing earlier. I sat on the bed while I put my shoes on.\"C'mere Scraps…\" I hear Godley say. \"good dog.\" I smiled to myself. I walked out of the room and found Godley giving my dogs belly a rub. I coughed and he stood up abruptly. He straightened out his jacket and looked me in the eye. \"Ready?\" I nodded and walked out the door. Godley followed and so did Scraps. I moaned. Bloody dog. \"Scraps, get in the house.\" I ordered. He wagged his tail and went into the house. I quickly shut the door and joined Godley in the carriage. The driver snapped the reins and we were off. \"Isn't this better then staying in the house all the time?\" He asked. Ilooked out the window and nodded. \"Much.\" I said watching a whore lead some git into an alleyway. I shook my head in disgust and looked back at Godley. \"Remember, you're buying.\" I smiled. He frowned. \"I thought you'd forgotten that part.\" I chuckled and stuck my hands into my coat pockets. \"I wouldn't forget an offer like that.\" Godley rolled his eyes. \"Course you wouldn't. If it were you payin' you'd sure as hell not remember.\" I shrugged my shoulders and pulled out some a letter. Godley looked at it and then looked at me.\"Is that…\" I nodded. \"Let's see it.\" I handed it over and watched as Godley read it. He looked up at me and read it aloud. Dear Mary Kelly, I have been thinking about this for a while my dear and I cannot bring myself to do it. I know you can be happier without me. From what I know and from what life has shown me, I'm not cut out for family. I want you to know the truth because I feel you should not have this thought with you anymore. I do not feel the same way about you anymore. It has been too long Mary Kelly and I know I am to blame for this. I am deeply sorry. Fred. \"You know what…\" Godley said. I groaned mentally. I didn't want to hear what he was going to say. \"I admire you for this.\" I looked up at him surprised. \"Thank you.\" I said. \"But why do you admire me? I'm basically breaking her heart on stationary.\" \"She deserves to know the truth Fred. Do not be so hard on yourself.\" Godley stated. The carriage came to a halt and the door opened. I stepped out first and waited for Godley. He instructed his driver that he'd be walking home.The driver nodded and he sped off into the distance. Godley and I walked into the Ten Bells. I took one look around and wanted to leave. Women were all over the men, some of them were even all over the other women. The men sat in corners getting drunk out of their minds. The bartenders were hassling a few of the whores to pay up and they argued with him. Godley smiled looking at an empty table near the corner. He walked over to it and sat down. I sat across from him and he ordered us two tankards of rum. I looked past him and stared at the sight behind him. There was a man getting slapped by a lovely young woman. She walked away angrily but that wasn't what caught my attention. It was the curly red locks sitting at the same table. It reminded me of Katie. I wondered where she was at this very moment. Katie's P.O.V I spit my rum all over Nathan and laughed. He gawked at me and I couldn't help but keep laughing. He had just been rejected for the third time in a row. He acted as if it never happened to him but I doubted that. He grumpily grabbed his tankard and downed it in an instant. The woman walked away angrily and I snorted into my tankard. He looked up and glared at me. I gave him an innocent shrug and drank the some of my rum. \"She just couldn't handle the thought of being with a man like me.\" He stated leaning back in his chair. \"I'm sure that's why.\" I said sarcastically looking around the tavern. It hadn't changed at bit since the last time I had been there. I looked over in the corner and smiled looking at the window Fred had broken by accident. It was still broken. Nothing had changed. \"So, when do you want me to start these scrolls?\" I looked back at him. \"As soon as possible would be nice.\" I said flashing him a smile. \"But, I know you're a busy man.\" I said pouting. I looked down sadly. \"I'll see what I can do.\" He said quickly. I bit my lip to hold in my laugh. I looked up and smiled at him. He smiled back. \"If you need any help…don't hesitate to ask.\" I told him. He nodded and began coughing. I drank some more rum, expecting him to stop coughing soon but the coughs became more violent. I put my tankard down and looked at him in concern. \"Are you alright?\" I asked. His coughs became worse but he nodded. I pushed my tankard towards him. He shook his head and kept coughing. Everyone looked over and I began to panic. I jumped up and patted his back.\"Can someone please help?\" I yelled patting him harder on the back. I never understood how that was supposed to help. Maybe the pain from getting hit took your mind off choking? I don't know and never will. \"Here, allow me…\" I looked up and couldn't believe my eyes. There standing right beside me was Fred Abberline. He looked so different. His hair was well groomed and had a slight moustache. He had a goatee as well and his eyes, they hadn't changed at all. They were still the mesmerizing chocolate brown they'd always been. He looked at me and his eyes went wide. I smiled. He recognized me. \"Katie…\" He said looking at me. I smiled. \"What are you doing here?\" He asked. I opened my mouth to answer him but Nathan began to cough ever more. \"I'll explain later.\" Fred looked at Nathan.\"We should get him to a hospital.\" He stated. I looked at Nathan and nodded. \"You think!\" Fred went over to him and picked him up. Everyone in the bar was staring at us. I wanted to tell them to stop looking but they couldn't help it. If that was happening to someone else, I'd be just as curious. I pushed my way outside and looked for a random carriage. Fred came out and looked around. I whistled and he came over to me. I opened the door for him and he carefully put Nathan on one of the seats. \"Oy!\" Fred and I turned around and saw Godley stumbling towards us. \"Is that your carriage?\" Fred looked at me. \"Not exactly.\" I climbed up onto the driver's seat and looked at Fred. Was he coming or not? Of all the possible confrontations ours had to be a terrible one. He looked at Godley and then at me. He then climbed up beside me and grabbed the reins from my hands. Godley was yelling in the distance as we sped away. \"It's nice to see you again!\" I shouted as we raced through the streets trying not to hit anyone. He slapped the reins harder and I fell back against the carriage. I sat back up and looked ahead of us. There was the little boy from today playing in the streets. \"GET OUT OF THE WAY!\" I shouted. He looked up, widened his eyes and dashed out of the way. \"It's nice to see you too!\" He shouted back. A bit delayed I thought. We came to a halt outside a big grey building. Fred leapt off the seat and held his arm out for me. I smiled, even at the craziest times, he could still be a gentlemen. I stepped down and ran to the door. We opened it to find Nathan still coughing. His face was going white and I was amazed he hadn't passed out yet. Fred picked him up and brought him into the hospital. The nurse took one look at him and shouted for a few doctors. They came and took Nathan away. We were told to stay and wait. \"I can't believe you are here.\" Fred said sitting on one of the couches. I smiled and sat down next to him. He turned and looked at me. \"It's been so long Katie.\" \"I know…\" I whispered. I couldn't contain myself any longer. I threw my arms around him and he put his around mine. I didn't want to let go, I was afraid I loose him again. That I'd never see him after this. Sadly, he let go. \"How have you been?\" I asked. He smiled slightly but I could tell something was bothering him. He then told me all about the Ripper case, the Freemasons and Mary Kelly. It bothered me to see another woman that he cared for slip out his grasp, out of his life. It wasn't fair. \"Enough about my life.\" He said breaking the silence that had overcome us. \"What have you been up to? I want to know everything.\" He smiled and so did I. I took a deep breath and told him everything. I told him about the dig down in Thebes, about the treasures I had found in the Asia, how I had found the scrolls and why I was here. He nodded and listened patiently. I took a deep breath and smiled. \"Wow.\" He said leaning back. \"And I thought I was busy.\" I laughed. \"I missed you…and that silly laugh.\" I stopped laughing and glared at him. I had the most horrible laugh ever. I sounded like a mouse when I laughed. \"There you are…\" Fred and I looked up and saw Godley standing in the doorway, panting. He hobbled towards us and I scooted closer to Fred. Fred noticed and put his arm on mine. \"I've been…looking all over…for you both.\" : There. Bah, I know short chapter. Jack: Yer telling me. Fred: This is MY story, why are YOU here? Jack: Josie can't help but include me in some part of her story...right luv? Me: Sorry Fred, he's right. Fred:…oh well. As long as you love me more then Jack. Me: Obvi. Jack: -anger- REVIEW SAVVY?[Chapter 3] It's 2:38 a.m...im wired. : I love strawberry daquiris man. Kay so, it's been a while but Christmas broke my writers block. enjoy lovelies. Chapter 3 - Day together Part 1- I moved closer to Fred. He must have sensed I was a tad nervous but who wouldn't be. Godley was a big fellow...who was angry at the moment. You try having a big, angry man yell at you. It's not fun. Fred put his arm around me in reassurance that we'd be fine. \"Katie...you can't just...steal a carriage.\" Godley huffed. He took a seat across from us and caught his breath. I turned and looked at him. \"So, if you were the one choking, not Nathan, and you were almost about to die from lack of oxygen, not Nathan, would you not want to be brought to a hospital under any means?\" Godley opened his mouth, then closed it. I rose my eyebrow in amusement as he did this a few times. He looked like a fish that was stuck on land minus the flopping around. \"Katie's right. Besides, it was an emergency. We'll return it in due time.\" Fred spoke. I nodded in agreement with him. Godley pulled out a cloth and coughed into it. He then put it away and looked at the two of us and shook his head. \"You're both going to be the end of me.\" He got up and walked towards the door. He stopped and looked back at us. \"I'll bring the carriage back. You can both walk.\" Before we could protest, he left the building. Fred sunk back into the chair and I looked at the doorway appalled. \"What a git!\" I whined falling back beside Fred. Fred nodded. I blew my hair out of my face and stared at the ceiling wondering if Nathan would be alright. A million thoughts ran through my head. What if he had pneumonia, small pox, or scarlet fever? Maybe he was suffering from \"working too much in the library.\" That was probably it. Stress. I mean, Nathan was never sick. During the years I knew him, he'd never once come down with a sickness. He was usually the one nursing me back to health. But still, the thought of 'what if' ran through my mind? It wasn't common that someone started coughing and suddenly couldn't breathe. Something wasn't right and I was going to find out what it was. I felt a tap on my shoulder and looked over. Fred was standing up and looking at something. I looked over and saw a nurse coming our way. I quickly stood up and ran my hands over my dress. \"Nathan is fine.\" She smiled. I breathed in relief. \"We're just going to keep him here overnight and tomorrow he can be back out on his own.\" Fred and I nodded. \"Goodbye.\" She turned around and went down the hallway. I watched as she stopped and talked to a doctor. Fred sighed. \"You always were the eavesdropper.\" He proclaimed trying to pull me away. I tried to resist but he was so strong. Soon, we were out the door. I walked beside him down Inglesburry Street. \"So?\" \"Nothing good ever came out of it Katherine.\" I cringed. The name Katherine was only said when I was in trouble or if someone was disappointed in me. I looked over at him but he kept his head focused on what was in front of him. He made our way around the corner in complete silence until a man popped out of no where. He was clearly drunk as he stumbled over to me and pulled something out. \"Penny for a suck.\" I opened my eyes wide. I didn't know whether to be insulted, shocked or mad. I think the anger part of me took over. I brought my hand back and slapped the man hard across the face. \"Do I look like a whore to you?\" I said emphasizing the word whore. He looked me up and down and nodded. He grabbed my hand and I panicked. I wasn't used to this at all. Fortunately, Fred intervened. \"If you know whats best for you, you'll let go of the lady and be on your way.\" He took out his police badge and the man let go of me as fast as he could. He grumbled and walked away. I walked away angrily. \"I hate England.\" August 31 - 1889 -[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 - Day Together, Part Two. a.n: ...hi. :) wow, its been so long. ive been busy and writers block is a whorebag. so heres the latest. enjoyyyy. [Fred's P.O.V \"What did you ask?\" I whispered. She jumped. \"I don't remember.\" She said. The back of her neck was growing red. I began to worry. \"Katie, are you alright?\" She turned around. Her face was red as well. \"Oh, yes...\" She giggled. \"I'm fine. I just need some fresh air.\" I nodded and helped her walk down the stairs and outside. We both sat on a park bench overlooking the small pond. \"Do you come here often?\" \"Nothing in the morning.\" I said looking at Fred. \"Later on in the evening I'm stopping by Nathan's to check up on him.\" Fred smiled and that smile made me weak in the knees. \"Splendid.\" He noted walking away. I stood there staring at where he once stood wondering what the hell was going through his head. I ran after him and smiled. \"Why?\" He just kept walking and smiling. I frowned. \"You can't do that Frederick! What are you planning?\" I narrowed my eyes and tried to think what he was thinking. He stopped and looked at me. \"You'll see.\" I closed my eyes and counted to ten. If there was anyone who knew how to get on my nerves it was him. \"Come on, there's a few more things I want you to see.\" He walked ahead of me slightly. I looked all around me. The building wasn't as big as it was. Then again, all buildings seem big to a ten year old. This was the first time I had stepped foot in this place in twenty five years. I bumped into Fred. He didn't budge. He was staring at a picture of a bunch of old men and a woman. He turned and looked at me. \"I've had enough of this place. Care to join me for a walk in the garden?\" He asked, holding his arm out. I smiled and gladly accepted it. The smell of the flowers was overpowering. I had never seen a garden so big and well taken care of in my life. Back in Italy, there was a gorgeous little garden I'd pass by everyday. The woman who took care of it had to be at least seventy but she was out there everyday. I admired her and it was probably because of her that I had found the scrolls. When I got lonely I would stop by there and join her for a cup of tea and somehow, whenever I spent time there, I'd learn something new. She reminded me that if we believed in ourselves, we could achieve whatever we wanted. Days before I left Italy, I didn't see her out there. It wasn't until we had passed her house on the last day, when I saw the flowers were wilted and dead, that I realized she had passed on. \"Katie?\" Fred's voice called me from my thoughts. I spun around and saw him sitting on a bench that overlooked the whole garden. \"Care to take a seat?\" He asked motioning to the empty spot next to him. I walked over casually and took a seat. \"Why are these scrolls so important?\" He asked suddenly. I didn't expect him to ask my any questions about it. I wasn't entirely prepared to answer him. \"They'll lead me to a book.\" I stated. He looked at me and I could tell by the look in his eyes that he knew there was more to it. I sighed and looked at the couples walking together in the garden. \"Not just any book Fred.\" I leaned towards me, clearly interested. \"It's one of the disciples book.\" I seemed to get carried away. \"This book...could cause such a panic in our society. The significance of this book is overwhelming and I intend to find it.\" \"It's remarkable how much you get into your work.\" I smiled. He stood up and I looked at him. He was so much taller then the last time I had seen him. \"Time to go.\" He helped me up and we both went our seperate ways home. \"You better have a good reason for dragging me out of my warm, comfortable bed at five in the morning, Fred.\" I said angrily as we walked through the streets of London. Fred just smiled and kept walking. \"Oh I supposed you're enjoying seeing me in bloody misery. Have you been told today?\" \"As a matter of fact,\" He said facing me. \"I have. Twice by you and once by Godley.\" I pushed past him. \"Yes, well, you deserved it. Five in the morning,\" I yawned. \"You're going to be the death of me.\" He caught up to me and we walked side by side. He nodded and didn't say anything. I didn't really understand him. One minute, he was the most talkative man who ever walked the face of the earth and the next he wouldn't even reply to your bitter comments or questions. He wasn't like this...until Victoria's death. I looked at him sympathetically. For a man who deserves everything, he sure got a load of nothing. He noticed me staring at him and furrowed his eyebrows. \"Yes?\" I opened my mouth to give out a quick excuse but was interupted by someone yelling Fred's name. I turned around and saw a young girl running towards us. Who else was up at five in the morning?! Fred let out a low sigh. I looked at him and he gave me a, \"don't ask questions\" look. I nodded and looked back at her. \"Fred!\" The young girl panted as she caught up to us. \"I need to speak with you...it's, um, urgent.\" She said looking me up and down. I felt like a specimen in a labratory. He put his hand on her shoulder and led her to a shop a few feet away from me. I stood where I was, pretending to look busy but in all honesty, I was eavesdropping. I caught bits and pieces of what they were saying and it drove me insane. \"...i told you...can't unless...testify.\" Fred said rubbing the girls shoulders. She started to cry and Fred pulled her into a hug. He rubbed her back trying to calm her down but it only seemed to make her cry more. She took in a loud, deep breath and looked at him. \"...don't understand...kill...kill all of them!\" My eyes widened. Who was she planning on killing? Did Fred know what he was getting himself into? Sometimes, that man was too nice. \"I won't let him hurt you or your family.\" Oh. She stared at him and Fred looked away. He let go of her and handed her a letter. She looked at it, looked at Fred, back to it and ran off. He came back over to me. \"Ready to go?\" He asked smiling. I just stood there staring at him. I had a feeling this was something ol' Katie did not get to know. I scowled as he walked ahead and walked after him. \"It's just a bit farther.\" Fred told me.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 - Reminiscing a/n: ...its been a while. enjoy! Katie rushed into her house. Her mind was still set on the silly argument she recently had with Nathaniel. She would never be able to understand how one person could be so stubborn. Slowly, she got undressed drifting from thought to thought now. This is what she did whenever she was mad. Instead of dwelling on a certain shought, she'd drift. Drift from each thought she could think of. She sat on her bed in a hypnotized state. She laid back down and closed her eyes. Images danced around her head. Images of places she had been too, placed she'd read about, and her artefacts. Then, suddenly, Fred popped into her mind. He was smiling and laughing like he used too. \"Katie...\" He called. Katie felt herself reach out for him but he was fading. \"Katie...\" He moaned before he disappeared. \"Katie?\" Fred said hovering over her. She blinked a few times before responding. \"Did you break into my house, Inspector?\" She asked propped herself up. She closed her eyes and yawned. \"You need to learn how to lock and shut your door.\" Katie opened her eyes to realize just how close shewas to Fred. Within seconds her throat became dry and she couldn't respond. Neither of them moved for a moment until Scraps jumped between the two and licked Fred from his chin to his hairline. Fred backed up and wiped his face with his sleeve. \"Thanks Scraps.\" He muttered watching Katie scratch the area behind his ears that he loved. \"To what do I owe this pleasure Fred?\" She then asked facing him. \"I was in the neighbourhood, \" Fred began. \"and I noticed your door was open. I thought...it was rather stupid of me to think it, but I thought something was wrong so I came in to check on you,\" He paced around the room. He stopped and starred at her. \"but you're okay.\" She smiled and nodded. \"I won't be so careless next time.\" She assured him and patted the bed. Fred nodded and sat next to her. \"I went to Nathaniel's this evening to try and decipher one of my many scrolls. We got into a little argument and I guess when got home that was still on my mind and I must have forgotten to close the door.\" \"Please try not to forget next time. You're in Whitechapel.\" \"I know.\" She sighed and starred out the window. It was foggy out. It wasn't normal fog though, it was thick, almost like some eerie cemetery scene. The rain didn't make it any better. Katie wanted nothing more then to fall asleep to the raindrops falling melodically onto the window pane. \"How did that go?\" Fred inquired, shifting into a more comfortable position. \"Well, not very well.\" She began and laid back on the bed. \"It was going well until we got into that arguement.\" \"What happened?\" \"He was trying to convince me, or rather himself, that he had figured it out and that I had to go to some city that doesn't exist.\" She looked up at Fred. \"He's stubborn.\" \"Sounds like someone I know.\" He winked. \"If you need anymore help, you know I'm here for you,\" He got up off the bed. \"but right now, I have to leave.\" Katie bolted upright. \"In this weather?!\" \"I walked here in it. Rain never hurt anyone.\" Smiling warmly, he got up and walked to the doorway. \"I'll see you soon I hope.\" He added before leaving. Katie fell back onto the bed and starred at the spot where Fred had been sitting. Although she had seen him a lot since she came she felt like she had barely seen him. He was so quiet and reclusive again. She raised her brow and starred at the ceiling. Fred lived pretty far from where she was staying and there was really no excuse for him to be near her house. She ran through everything in Whitechapel near her house that she could remember. There was the best bakery in Whitechapel but she doubted he was there, the Smithy, one of three butcher shops and the cemetery. She sighed. There was no doubt that he had been visiting Victoria. Crawling under the blankets, she tried to sleep but couldn't help but think about the tragic situation. Fred had introduced her to Victoria a long time ago. She was such a kind and loving person. It was no wonder Fred fell in love with her. They had a small wedding in the countryside. She had never seen him so happy until he was told he was going to be a father. He was ecstatic. Family was something Fred had always wanted. It was after the news of a child that Katie left and everything turned for the worst. She had been busy back in Ireland trying to locate and ancient cursed bracelet she had heard about from a fortune teller far out East. The whole thing turned out to be a scam. Furiously, Katie packed up and was off to another Island in the West but before she even got on the ship an old friend of the family gave her a letter. A very delayed letter. He explained that it had gotten lost and his wife just found it underneath the cabinet. It was from Godley and it had explained everything. It still bothered her to this day that she had gotten the letter so late, that months had gone by and she wasn't able to see her...to go to her funeral and pay her last respects. Immediately, she was on the next ship to England and when she saw Fred, and the state he was in, she vowed not to leave until she had helped him. Fred was a wreck. Not eating well, drinking a lot and he started going to opium dens which slowly turned into an addiction. He was bitter, cynical and depressed. She couldn't blame him though. It is very rare that someone recuperates from losing a loved one so fast. It took four months until she had gotten him back on his feet. Four long agonizing months for the both of them. Constant reminds of Victoria haunted him while seeing her friend so depressed killed her inside. It had been over seven years now. Surely, he would never fully get over her but it was time for him to move on. She would not have wanted him to be like this. She rolled over in her bed and closed her eyes. She wouldn't leave until he was better. Morning - Fred's Work - Fred carelessly tossed his papers aside. They landed with a loud 'thud' on the desk. It's always the same old bullshit, he thought. Homicide, suicide, rape, theft. Whitechapel would always be filled with scum. He glanced out the window. It was too much of a beautiful day to be stuck inside. The sun hung high in the mid-afternoon sky and enveloped everyone in it's light. There were a group of children playing in the streets. Fred watched them with no emotion to be held. It was still hard for him to even grasp the concept that he had lost two people that he had loved in such a short amount of time. He thought he had been able to get over it but no one ever really does. Lately though, he had been thinking of them more and more and he did not understand why. He wanted nothing more then to start his own family but it just seemed impossible to him now. It was not as if he had not tried again. Mary Kelly was something extraordinary and he had indeed fallen in love with her. The Ripper Case had caused him so much grief and when he had thought he had lost her to him, he could not function well. He had to contain his joy when he had realized it was not her who had been murdered. As awful as that sounds, that was how he felt. Thanks to Sir Charles Warren, it was not easy for Fred to just leave and go to her. It was basically impossible. He was constantly being watched because of his actions he had bestowed upon Charles the day they had caught Jack the Ripper. In time, he gradually began to lose interest. He had not seen her in two years and he was just not in love with her anymore. That also was something hard for him to accept. He wanted to give up on love all together. A knock at the door startled Fred out of his thoughts and he looked over at the door. Whoever was on the other side knocked on it again. \"Come in!\" Fred yelled and tried to make himself look busy. He looked up and in waddled Godley and gracefully from behind him, walked in Katie. Fred smiled. \"To what do I owe this pleasure?\" He added winking. Katie giggled and sat down near the window. She was wearing a beautiful ocean blue dress with white trimming. It was slightly ruffled at the top and flowed out at the hips. Her hair was up in a curly messy bun. Pieces that had fallen out framed her face. \"She came by earlier and has been talkin' my ear off since then.\" Godley stated. Katie turned and scowled at him. \"I had enough and decided to drop her off with you.\" \"Much appreciated.\" Fred smirked looking at the expressions on Katie's face. \"I can see when I'm not wanted.\" She muttered loudly and turned away from the two. Godley snickered as Fred began pouring out apologies. \"It's fine, Fred!\" She turned back to him. \"I just thought since you visited me last night that I would return the favour!\" Godley's eyes widened and he looked at Fred. He ignored Godley's stares and put the papers he had on his desk in the cabinet behind him and locked it. \"I was hoping you'd stop by!\" He exclaimed rummaging through the cupboard. \"I have something for you...if I can find it.\" He continued to look until he found it. \"Ah! Here it is!\" He walked over to her and placed it in her lap. He watched as she starred at it while smiling the whole time. \"I found it a long time ago when I was going through a bunch of things at home and I thought you'd enjoy it.\" It was her old stuffed teddy bear. \"He's still the same and everything!\" She exclaimed. \"Why does he have no eye?\" Godley asked looking at it. Katie looked up at him. \"He lost it a long time ago when I was a wee lass! Epic battle with a fearsome pirate, I believe.\" \"Trying to save some fair maiden, I believe.\" Fred added; Katie beamed. \"Josephine was her name. I still have that doll. She's safe back in Ireland with me father.\" She sighed and put the bear on her lap. \"Listen to us. We're adults; not children.\" Her curls bobbed up and down as she turned in silence to look out the window. The sun illuminated her hair and, if possible, made it look more vibrant. \"Did you get Wither's report, Fred?\" Godley asked randomly. Fred shook his head and Godley let out a frustrated sigh. \"Tha' bloody idiot.\" He grumbled stepping out of the office. \"I've missed him.\" Fred turned to see Katie staring at the door. \"I've always felt safe around him.\" \"Likewise.\" Fred leaned back in his chair. \"Any progress on the scrolls?\" He added. Katie looked out the window again. \"Thank you for reminding me that I have to go visit that egocentric idiot.\" She stated dryly. \"Katie, if you keep dwelling on this stupid, pointless argument then you're never going to get anything finished.\" They sat in silence until Katie turned to him. \"I hate when you're right.\" Fred smiled and leaned back. She stood up and headed towards the door. \"I see Nathan's not the only conceited one around here.\" Fred glared at her as she stepped out, smiled, and walked away. Nathan's House Katie knocked on the door for the fourth time. She was growing impatient as she stood there with a mountainous pile of scrolls in her hands. If he was purposely avoiding her he would be in big trouble. The door swung open and there stood Nathan, looking extremely pissed off. \"Oh, it's you.\" He muttered stepping out of the way. She glared at him. He pulled an apple out of his pocket and began wolfing it down. \"I hope you choke!\" She shouted slamming the door. His mouth hung open and his eyes turned into slits. They both say there for a moment, glaring at one another with such hatred until Nathan began to laugh. Katie opened her eyes wide in confusion. \"I don't see what's so funny here, Mr DeCarlo!\" She stated. He continued laughing and took some scrolls out of her hand. \"I forgive you.\" He smiled and tapped her on the head with one of them. \"Come come! Into the dining room we go.\" He strode down the hallway and out of sight. \"I never apologized!\" She yelled running after him. She rounded the corner and ran right into him. \"You didn't need too. I know you're sorry for your actions and that's all that really matters!\" He continued walking away. \"I mean, how could you stay mad at Nathan DeCarlo?\" He stopped and once again, Katie ran into him. \"Don't answer that.\" He muttered opening the dining room doors and throwing the scrolls onto the table. Katie dropped her pile next to his and took some deep breaths. \"Let's just...try and be civil.\" Nathan wasn't listening. He was too busy unraveling the first scroll. \"Nathan, did you hear me?\" He nodded not looking up at her. She sighed. He was hopeless. \"I'll be right back.\" He rushed out of the room and Katie was left with her thoughts for a few moments. She could have translated it herself if the writing had not have faded. Words were missing, letters were gone and some parts were torn. She obviously had not been the first one to find these, but she had been the first one to find them and live. It was said that there was some sort of brethren watching over where the scrolls were being held. She had found them without a problem and gotten away with them as well. \"Here we are!\" Nathan exclaimed rushing back into the room with a book open in one hand and three more piled up on the other. \"I have discovered,\" He began. She looked at him eagerly. \"the first word!\" It was a start, she thought. \"And!\" \"And what?\" She asked. \"No you silly girl. The word is 'and'.\" He got out a piece of parchment and wrote it down. Even though it was only a three letter word, he had much difficulty writing it. His hand shook uncontrollably. Katie had just realized how pale he looked. \"Nathan, are you alright?\" She asked growing concerned. He nodded and finished writing it down. He smiled at her weakly before taking a bite out of his apple. \"I think you should sit down.\" \"Don't worry about me!\" He shouted. \"I'm never sick. I am Nath--\" \"Oh shut up Mr. High-and-Mighty and sit down! There's a first time for everything.\" She exclaimed thrusting a chair out and pushing him down on it. \"You really do look awful.\" \"You always had a way with words darling.\" She smiled. Even sick, he was still a smartass. \"Look Nathan, I have all the time in the world to get these scrolls done. I want you to get better before we even really start to work on these.\" \"I guess some...time alone and resting will be nice.\" He said pulling out a handkerchief and coughing in it. Katie nodded and started to gather her things. He put his hand on her arm. \"Leave the one here?\" She nodded once again. \"Goodbye Nathan.\" She said and left. a/n: its not much i know, but i've been busy. thanks for reading. :) Jack: Why dont you incorporate me in this story? Me: How about no:) This is Fred and Katie's story. Jack: I COULD BE THE PIRATE THAT FOUGHT THE BEAR. Katie: YOU'RE THE REASON MY BEAR IS HALF BLIND? -tackles Jack- captainduckula out![Chapter 6] Chapter 6 - Here Is Gone - a/n: yeah, i know. i suck at updating but i just got over major writers block. apparently, sickness is medicinal TOWARDS writers block? enjoy! :) Fred paced up and down Godley's office. He had been waiting there for twenty minutes. He had a little routine going on. He would take five steps, stop at the window, stare out for 10 seconds, then turn around and repeat the process. The door came opened and Godley walked in. \"There is a severe lack of discipline with these constables.\" He mumbled. \"Fred! I forgot you were in here. How are you?\" \"Thanks. I'm fine Godley. I need to talk to you though. I need your help.\" He said very seriously. He pulled a chair close to Godley's desk and sat down. \"Do you remember Carrie Doughty?\" \"Aye. Her father works here don't he? He's high up in the department.\" Fred nodded. \"I need your help in getting him away from her.\" Godley looked at him as if he had gone mad. \"She's been coming to me,\" \"At your house?\" Fred nodded again. \"Fred! She's only nineteen. You of all people know what people are like in this town. They're going to start to wonder.\" \"I know that!\" Fred whispered harshly. \"I need to get her out of there Godley. Her father…there is no way to put this lightly. He's sexually abusing her.\" Godley's eyes widened. \"I know it's hard to believe but no child would make up something like that.\" Godley sat for a minute staring at the wall behind Fred. \"What do you suppose we do?\" Fred shook his head. \"I'm not entirely sure at the moment. I know we need to get her out of that house and we need her to testify or write down a confession of some sorts. I need your help though Godley.\" Godley sighed. \"I'll help.\" Fred smiled. \"I don't know how we're going to do this without getting into trouble though. I need my job.\" Fred snorted. \"Sir Charles Warren is too fucking self absorbed to realize what we're up to. Look at the Ripper Case. He's pathetic.\" Godley laughed. \"You're right. Alright Fred, I'll help you. You owe me though.\" \"Thank you Godley.\" He said. \"Do you think Katie would help?\" He added. Godley nodded. \"I'm sure she would.\" Fred stood up. \"Wonderful. I'll go and find her. Thank you again Godley. I appreciate this.\" Godley smiled and waved him away. Fred made his way down the hall. He smiled to himself. He would finally be able to help Carrie. He felt awful before knowing there was really nothing he could do, but with the help of Godley, and possibly Katie, then he was sure they would get her out of there safely. Just as he was about to open his office door someone called his name. He turned around and his secret enemy was walking towards him with the devil's wiseass smile he possessed. \"Sir Charles!\" Fred shouted putting a fake smile on. \"To what do I owe this pleasure?\" \"I'd like to talk to Abberline. In my office, now.\" He turned around and Fred followed. Did he already know what he was up to? Fred walked silently into his office and sat down. Sir Charles lit a cigar and sighed. \"I'd offer you one but they're very expensive.\" Fred rolled his eyes. \"As you know Inspector, I'm beginning to grow older.\" \"I hadn't noticed.\" Fred stated sarcastically. Sir Charles did not notice. \"You're very kind but I am. I'm too old to continue doing what I'm doing. It's a tiring job and I've done all I could for this station.\" Fred leaned in hoping he'd say what he'd been longing for since he first met Sir Charles. \"I'm going to retire Inspector. No one else knows yet.\" This day was just getting better and better for dear Frederick. \"That's a shame sir!\" He was loving this. Sir Charles nodded. \"As you know, I've served Whitechapel since I was many years younger. Three years ago, I received the honour of being the head of the police. Abberline, I want you to take my place.\" Fred's eyes widened. \"I want you to be Commissioner when I leave.\" Fred was at a loss for words. They had never gotten along. Why would he give him the promotion? \"May I ask why sir?\" \"You are the only one fit for this job Abberline.\" He began. \"You're a dedicated worker. I know life hasn't been to kind to you Inspector but you've always gotten through it. You're a strong man…you're exactly what this job needs. You may even do a better job then me. It will be hard to follow in my footsteps but I believe you can do it.\" Fred nodded. \"You don't need to decide now. It's all up to you but I shall need to know after the ball.\" \"Ball?\" Fred inquired. \"There will be a ball, or rather a fancy get together, in my retirement.\" \"You hate fancy get togethers.\" Sir Charles looked up at him in shock. \"Yes, but this one is in my honour! It is a completely different circumstance.\" It's hard to tell what Fred was happier about. The fact that Sir Charles would finally be gone or that he was being promoted. He had always wanted to be commissioner and he was damn certain he would do a better job then Charles had ever done. \"I expect you to be there Frederick.\" He looked up at Sir Charles and nodded. \"Of course I'll be there.\" He grinned. \"You can invite that redhead I've been seeing around here lately.\" He looked at Fred waiting for a response. When he didn't get one he continued. \"You think I haven't seen her sneak in here? I only tolerate it because I will leaving soon. Who is she? Another whore Inspector? I thought you'd learned your lesson.\" Fred closed his eyes so tight that he got a slight headache. \"She is a pretty little one though. I bet she pleases you well enough.\" \"Don't talk about Katie that way. You do not know her so you do not talk about her like she's nothing.\" He hissed. \"Do you understand?\" \"Who do you think you're talking to Inspector?!\" Charles roared standing up angrily. Fred stood up as well. \"I will not tolerate YOU judging a very dear friend of mine.\" He turned around and grabbed the door handle. \"Inspector!\" \"You'll have my answer after the ball.\" He slammed the door and took off down the hall before he could be called back. He smashed his office door shut and sat down angrily. The prick was actually being nice then he goes and ends it by being an asshole. He had always hated it when people said stuff about anyone but when it was about Katie, he lost it. She was his best friend. It was his duty as a friend to defend her no matter who insulted her. Hell, he'd probably stand up for her in front of Her Majesty. \"You seem angry.\" Fred jumped and turned around. Speak of the devil. Katherine was perched on the window seat. Her hair was down and curlier then ever before. She wore a simple blue dress with a white design on the bodice. Her eyes shimmered in the sunlight. \"I am angry.\" She stood up and walked over to him. He watched as a concerned look grew upon her face. \"Why?\" \"Sir Charles was talking about you.\" \"I'm flattered.\" She joked. \"He called you a whore. Said you probably pleasured me well.\" He looked up and saw her face fall. Suddenly, she made her way towards the door. Fred jumped up and grabbed her around the waist. She tried to fight him off. \"Darling,\" He whispered softly in her ear. She immediately stopped moving around. \"Trust me, I yelled at him.\" She turned around fast and they were merely inches apart. \"You idiot! You could loose your job. If I went in there, what's the worst he can do?\" \"How about throw you in jail for starters? Then seeing as he's a powerful man, he'd manipulate the system somehow before he bloody retires and something bad would happen to you!\" \"He's retiring?\" She shouted. His eyes grew wide and he put his finger on her soft lips. She mumbled into his finger in a hushed tone. \"Is no one supposed to know?\" He nodded. \"Oh.\" She blushed. Fred put his arm around her waist and led her over to the window. \"Don't worry about him. We know you're not a whore.\" He began. \"I guess you reminded him of Mary Kelly.\" A slight scowl appeared on her face. He chuckled. \"But you're nothing like her.\" \"Why didn't you go to her?\" Katie asked silently. Fred took a deep breath. He was sick of explaining this to everyone. \"I fell out of love with her. I haven't seen her for a year…I just can't bring myself to hold onto those feelings anymore.\" After what seemed like an eternity, Katie smiled at him. \"You should have went after her anyway.\" He looked at her. \"It would have been awfully romantic.\" He groaned. \"Oh hush! You are friends with a girl who happens to love romantic gestures and that…\" She sighed and stared out into the world. \"…would probably be the most beautiful gesture ever.\" \"I'll keep that in mind.\" He winked. \"Now Katie, what on earth are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at Nathan's?\" She nodded. \"I thought I'd make a little detour first. I'm glad I did.\" \"I'm glad you did too.\" He watched as she walked over to his desk and pulled a big bag up off the floor that was leaning carelessly on it. She rummaged through the bag and pulled out a scroll. He walked over and examined it as she trusted her hand deep into the bag. \"How many of these are there?\" He asked as she threw out two others. \"That's all the scrolls but I'm looking for the jewel I--AHA!\" She exclaimed happily. \"Here it is.\" She slowly pulled out a silver object. It was in the shape of a sea turtle that was no bigger then her palm. The eyes were made out of two breathtaking green emeralds and the shell was covered in tiny diamonds. In the middle of the shell was an orb. Black mist swirled around in the centre of it. \"This is beautiful.\" He said captivated by the orb. She nodded in agreement. He looked up at her and smiled at the look on her face. She was glowing with excitement. \"I've never found anything like this. I mean, it would have been nice to have actually found the book but I'm so close I can practically already see what the book looks like when I close my eyes.\" \"I'm happy for you my dear.\" He said tracing the diamonds on the shell. She smiled graciously at him. \"You should go and bring these to Nathan.\" He put the turtle back into the bag as she picked up the scrolls. \"You're right! The sooner I figure it out the sooner I can go find it.\" Fred's face dropped slightly. \"Then you'll be leaving…again.\" He murmured. She looked over at him. \"Pardon?\" She was still smiling. \"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.\" She blushed slightly. Fred put on a smile. \"It was nothing my dear. I'll see you later.\" He half said, half asked. She nodded. \"Of course!\" She opened the door and ran into none other then Sir Charles Warren. His eyes took her in and then he looked at Fred. Fred glared slightly. The constables outside eavesdropped subtly. \"Why this must be Sir Charles Warren!\" Katie exclaimed. She turned around and grinned at Fred. She looked back at Charles and smiled ever so sweetly. \"Yes I am. You're Katie aren't you?\" He asked although he already knew the answer. \"Actually, it's Miss. O'Reilly to you and if you'll excuse me,\" She said pushing past him. \"I have to go and work the streets. Can't keep my customers waiting now can I?\" She added with a wink as Sir Charles grew a dark shade of pink. Fred choked back a laugh as he stumbled away, clearly embarrassed. She had been knocking for ten minutes. Ten minutes! Where on earth was he? If he had forgotten about her she would hit him. She grabbed the knocker and knocked again. The door creaked open but there was no one there. \"Hello?\" She called. No answer. \"Nathan I swear to God if you jump out of anywhere I will kill you myself.\" She added with a hint of anger in her voice. She had no time to play games. She made her way down the hallway and every so often she would call out his name. \"Nathan!\" She yelled. \"Anyone?\" He had over a dozen servants. Where were they? She walked down the end of one hallway and saw the library door was open. A candle flickering within it. He must be in there. She scurried down the hallway and slowly stepped into the room. \"Hello?\" She asked. Again, no answer. She sighed in frustration and looked around the room. Maybe he was at the library. It was a logical thought. After all, he did work there. Something caught her eye. She walked over to the candle and looked at a piece of parchment paper. Her name was on the top. Katie, Deep underground secret society Traps danger Flavian brothers beware Hidden Katie read over it a few times. None of it made sense. What on earth was he trying to tell her? She needed to find him now. She grabbed the piece of paper and threw it into her bag. The candle blew out as she ran out of the room. His bedroom was just down the hall. The door was locked. She cursed and made her way over to the library. \"NATHAN!\" She shouted running into the library. Millions of voices shushed her. She frowned and looked all over the library. She searched high and low. She looked in the Shakespeare section, the crime section, the geographic section. Unfortunately, he was no where to be found. She collapsed into a chair and set her head on the table. She needed him. Where the hell was he? \"Are you okay?\" She looked up and saw Agnus. \"Have you seen Nathaniel?\" Agnus sighed and sat down across from her. \"You haven't heard?\" Katie shook her head. \"Heard what?\" She asked confused. Fred opened his door and escaped the rain. It had started pouring as soon as he stepped out of the station. Scraps ran out from behind the couch and jumped on the chair. Fred smiled and took his coat off. He walked over and gave his dog an affectionate pat on the head. Scraps licked his arm and followed him into his bedroom. He began to take his clothes off. His damp white shirt clung to his muscles. He gently lifted it over his head and threw it into the corner of the room. Beads of water dripped down his chest, his abs and disappeared beneath his happy trail. He ran one hand through his hand and began to work on his pants. They fell to the floor in a giant heap. The only thing keeping his manhood hidden was his last piece of clothing. Those too joined the floor. He walked across the room and wrapped a towel around his waist. He rummaged around the room looking for a different pair of pants. As he was dumping a drawer onto his bed there was a knock on his door. Forgetting he was in just in a towel, he made his way over to the door. He opened it. \"Katie?\" He half shouted just remembering he was in barely any clothes. He stopped and looked at her. Her dress clung to every curve her body held. Her hair had straightened out a bit due to the rain and her eyes were so red. She let out a huge sob and threw her arms around him. He wrapped his arms around her and they stood their for a moment just holding one another. \"What's wrong sweetheart?\" He let go and put his hands on her face. Tears were streaming down her face. He grew angry. \"Did someone hurt you?\" \"Nathan's dead!\" She sobbed burying her head into his chest. He stood their shocked. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he picked her up and sat down on the couch. She sat upon him as he cradled her. Every so often he'd mutter \"It's alright\" or \"I'm so sorry my dear.\" \"I-I was lo-looking for him and I th-thought he was just hiding…\" She stuttered into his neck. Her breathe was hot on his damp neck and it ran shivers down his spine. Goosebumps appeared on both him and her. \"I was so mad at him.\" She murmured sadly. \"I - I didn't…I wasn't…\" She burst into another set of tears and he put his finger under her chin and made him look her in the eye. \"Don't be upset with yourself darling. You didn't know.\" She nodded stifling a sob. He kissed her forehead and carried her to his bed. With one hand, he held her and with the other he grabbed a shirt and pants for her. \"It's too late for you to be walking around and the weather is terrible. I don't want you catching a cold. Stay here.\" She reluctantly let go as he went into the other room. He grabbed a pair of pants and changed into them quickly. She was still seated on the bed when he came back. She had changed into the shirt but not the pants. Fred tried very hard not to notice how see through the shirt had already become due to her wet skin. She was staring at the wall. \"The pants won't fit. They're too big, but thank you.\" He picked them up and threw them on a chair. \"Maybe if I hadn't of rushed him…\" Fred walked knelt down in front of her and cupped her face in his hands. \"Katherine he was sick. There was nothing that we could have done and it was not your fault. You were only ever a good friend to him. He loved you and you loved him.\" Her eyes welled with tears but she nodded. \"I don't mean to be forward Katherine, but due to the circumstances, well, I don't want to leave you alone in here…would you mind if we both shared the bed?\" She studied his face and gave a small, sad smile. \"I wouldn't mind at all.\" She got up and pulled the covers down. She climbed into the bed and rested her head against the pillow. Fred climbed into beside her and pulled the covers over them both. He blew his candle out and wrapped his arms around her. She buried her head into the crook of his neck and they both fell asleep in one another's arms. a/n: It's amazing that I get jealous over my own character! I want to fall asleep in the arms of that sex machine. Fred: : JOSIE! Me: WHAT?! You're a hottie. Can you blame me for such perverted thoughts? Jack: I can. Me: Bud, do what you do best. Jack: -grins that Sparrow like grin- Review, savvy? ;) CAPTAINDUCKULA OUT![Chapter 7] Chapter 7 – Sympathy a/n: Hello everyone ! I know it's been a while but things have been tough lately so updating takes even longer then I want it too. Here is the latest chapter though. Hopefully I'll have the next one up by next week ! :) enjoy loves. xx Fred woke up early the next morning. He could barely keep his eyes open as he turned his head to look out the window. The rain hadn't stopped nor died down. The wind blew it against the window harshly. Pit pat pit pat. He had a feeling it was going to be like that all day. The bed shook gently as Katie rolled over into his arms. He enveloped her in them and watched her sleeping figure for a moment. Her eyes were a tad swollen from crying. He frowned and held her tightly in his arms wanting to shield her from the pain. He, of all people, knew what it was like to loose someone you love. A tiny yawn escaped out of her mouth and her eyes opened slowly. An instant wave of sadness pummelled into her and she lay there, quietly. After what seemed like an eternity she looked up at Fred and tried to smile. \"You're a dear for letting me stay here.\" Katie sighed into is neck. He just smiled and held her tighter. He felt her smile softly against his skin. \"You're welcome here anytime, my dear.\" He pressed his lips to the top of her head. She looked up at him and he felt the urge to press his lips against hers. She blushed slightly and removed herself from his grasp. He shook his head and the urge fled from his thoughts. Katie focused on the room, trying to divert her attention from the gorgeous, half naked man lying next to her. It was dark. There was barely enough light to see into the four corners of the room but the weak rays of the morning light illuminated tiny features of the room. Fred's desk was scattered with papers and books. She grinned to herself. He had always been a tad messy. However, you wouldn't notice by looking at his office. Tidy, tidy, tidy. Just like Nathaniel. Katie frowned. \"What's wrong?\" Fred asked. He was propped up onto his elbows staring at her in concern. \"I left some of my things at Nathaniel's.\" She muttered barely audible. She knew she needed to get them. \"Will you do me a favour, Fred?\" He nodded. \"Come with me to get them. I-I can't go there on my own.\" \"Of course I'll come, darling.\" She stood up and stumbled around the room trying to find a candle. Fred watched her as she did so, chuckling when she'd let out a curse or two. Ah ha, she exclaimed and the room lit up. She blew out her match and picked up her dress. Fred looked away. She was still in just his shirt. \"Hmmm…it's damp.\" There was a loud crack of thunder and she jumped. \"Oh well,\" She faced the window. \"It's just going to get wet again anyway.\" Fred got out of bed and left the room. \"I'll let you change.\" He said as the door shut behind him. He placed his hands on his arms and tried to warm himself up. He walked past the living room and into the kitchen. It was dark. No windows were in there. Fred searched through the drawers quickly. A sharp pain ran though his finger. He hissed and placed it in his mouth. \"Let me see.\" The room filled with light. Before he could protest, Katie grabbed his finger and examined it. \"Jesus Frederick.\" She said quietly. \"It's pretty deep. Hold still.\" She took the light and ran off. Seconds later, she emerged from the depths of the darkness. In one hand, she held a candle. In the other, a thin strip of an old, yet clean, rag. \"This will have to do for now.\" She pressed a part of the rag on the wound. Her soft hands were so delicate. She took his finger, blew on it and then wrapped it up slowly. She paused momentarily just staring at his hands before she finished. \"Be more careful next time.\" She half shouted walking to a cupboard. Fred grinned. \"And get some light in here! I'm amazed you haven't killed yourself yet!\" \"I'll go get changed.\" He grinned walking to his bedroom. He opened the door and wanted nothing more then to get back into his bed and sleep. He couldn't though. As he walked over to his desk, he picked up a match that was on the shelf and lit the two candles next to his door. The room filled up with light instantly. Papers were all over his desk and he groaned. It was going to take him forever to sort through them all. Why, oh why, did he do this to himself? He pulled a pair of clean trousers from his drawer along with a white shirt and a black vest. He undressed slowly and was soon standing in the room in nothing but his birthday suit. He sat on the bed and lazily pulled on a pair of fresh undergarments followed by his trousers. He yawned and stood up. His shirt was put on next. The buttons took him forever to get done up but after he did, he put his vest on and didn't even bother with those buttons. He ran a hand through his hair and blew out his candles. He walked out into the living room and found Katie looking at his old photos. She was staring softly at a picture of him and her when they were younger. They were both sitting upon a park bench and they were at least ten. Katie's hair was pulled up into a bun and she was smiling big. Her tooth was missing but it didn't stop her from giving a wide grin. Her dress was bright yellow which accented the red in her hair and her green eyes. Fred had his arm around her shoulder and was smiling wide as well. He was dressed in his Sunday attire; a white shirt with a tie and black trousers with shiny black shoes. They had always tried to tame his hair on that day but it ended up wavier and wild then usual. His mother had given up after that day. \"Things were so much simpler back then.\" She grinned turning towards Fred. \"The days where we didn't know much or have a care in the world. Nothing hard came until we grew up.\" Fred nodded. \"It's unavoidable dear. But we had fun growing up too.\" She smiled softly reminiscing on how things used to be. \"We should get going.\" \"You're right.\" She took one last glance at the photo. Fred picked her coat up and held it for her while she slipped her arms into it. \"Thank you.\" He nodded and proceeded to put his own coat and hat on. Katie opened the door and watched the rain fall. She smiled. \"I'll never understand your love for the rain.\" Fred muttered scowling at the skies as they both began to walk down the street. She said nothing. They walked peacefully into town. The sun was beginning to come up even more and a few people were on the streets. A few of the unfortunates sat upon a small, brick watering well. One of them looked over and grinned seductively at Fred. He looked straight ahead and kept walking. Out of his peripherals, he saw the girl scowl and look into the water. \"When I was younger,\" Katie suddenly spoke. Fred turned his attention to her. \"I used to believe that the rain was God crying. As I grew up, I stop believing in that because I stopped believing in God. But in this moment, I feel the same way I did when I was young. It's as if he's crying over Nathaniel. That's stupid isn't it?\" She asked facing him. \"It's not stupid at all.\" Fred began. \"You believe what you believe Katie. If that helps you get by then you keep thinking of it.\" She smiled sadly. The wind picked up and they both shivered. Fred began to take his coat off. \"Oh no, you put that coat on right now, Mr. Abberline!\" He gawked at her. \"You're not going to freeze your arse off, get a sick because you feel the need to be gentleman right now! I already know you are one. Besides, we're almost there.\" He looked straight ahead and didn't realize how close they actually were. He could see Nathan's house from here. He moved closer to Katie and put his arm around her waist. \"Are you sure you want to get your stuff today?\" He asked sympathetically. \"The longer I prolong it, the harder it will be to get it.\" She mumbled picking up the pace. He kept his arm around her waist as they walked up to the gate. She put her hand upon the giant gate and pushed it open. The house looked dreary from the outside and she could only imagine the atmosphere inside. They walked up the steps slowly and stopped outside of the door. Fred waited for Katie to knock but she didn't. He turned to look at her and she just stared at the door. \"The last time I was here, no one answered my knock. Then I found out he was dead. I was so mad he didn't answer the damn door.\" Fred frowned and grabbed the knocker. \"It's not your fault.\" He stated and knocked loudly. If you were very quiet, you could hear the faint footsteps of someone walking towards the door. Fred took a step back and waited. The door swung open and a plump, middle aged woman stood there smiling. She looked at Katie and frowned. \"Oh sweetheart. We was wondering when yous was gonna stop by.\" Katie smiled and pulled the woman into a hug. \"We knows yous was close to Nathan and it's going ta be alright misses.\" The woman was obviously uneducated but that didn't seem to bother anyone. \"I know it will be.\" She didn't let go of Katie. \"It may take a while but I know it will be.\" The woman smiled and grabbed her hand. \"I thinks I know what yous here for.\" The woman smiled at Frederick. \"Hello sirs.\" He smiled back at her. \"Hello Madame…\" \"Dashwood.\" She beamed. \"It's pleasure ta meets ya.\" \"Likewise.\" She motioned for him to follow and he did. The inside of the house was just as dreary as the weather. The hallways were dark and dusty. No one had bothered to clean after Nathan had died and why would they? Mourning does come first. The darkness was rather inviting though. Madame Dashwood led them down a hallway and opened the doors revealing a huge library. Fred saw Katie smile as she ran over and grabbed her turtle jewel. \"I remember Nathaniel looking at that.\" Dashwood exclaimed. Katie turned to her. \"He was goin' on and on abouts it! Terrible things misses, terrible, terrible things. Yous best get rids of it.\" \"Terrible things?\" Katie smiled softly. \"No, it's fine. Nathan never got anything right in these circumstances. Cranabashu…\" She giggled remembering an inside joke between the two. \"If yous says so misses.\" The woman shook her head and left the room in a hurry. Katie looked at Fred. \"She was Nathan's favourite. She's not the smartest woman but she is the sweetest. Very motherly. It's what he needed. His mother died when he was young. He's called her his mum ever since he met her in the library about ten years ago.\" She looked around the room. \"I can't believe this is the last time I'll step foot in this room. It's so odd.\" Fred just nodded, unsure of what to say. She stopped mid sigh. \"I'm getting sick of doing that.\" \"Of sighing?\" Fred chuckled. \"It's normal my dear.\" \"It's also aggravating. Oh well.\" There was a moment of silence. \"We should go.\" Fred nodded and followed Katie as she led the way out. Madame Dashwood stood by the door and grinned. The dimples on her face were huge. \"I hopes ta see you again miss!\" She grabbed Katie and hugged her tightly. \"You have my word.\" She beamed up at her and turned her attention on Fred. He took her hand and placed a small kiss on it. Her body turned red. \"That ones a keeper miss.\" Katie's eyes grew wide. Madame Dashwood winked and scurried away before Katherine could set her straight. Fred laughed. \"The woman is positively insane!\" Katie muttered as she walked outside. The rain had subsided and the sun seemed to be taking control of the sky once again. Puddles were scattered across the street like spots on a giraffe. Fred quickened his pace as the street began to fill with people. Katie jogged to keep up with him. \"Can we slow down a tad?\" Fred rolled his eyes and decreased his pace. \"You know, for someone who is an explorer, you're lazy.\" He joked. Katie glared at him. \"Lazy?! Sorry we all don't walk abnormally fast, Frederick!\" She snapped. He closed his eyes momentarily and grinned. \"Lazy he says…\" She muttered. The streets began to fill up even faster then they both expected. \"I hate the morning rush.\" The market was going to be the worst to get through. Unfortunately, there was no other way of getting to the station. Well, there was but it took too long. Katie nodded in agreement and kept walking. \"I just hate walking in big crowds.\" They both stepped into the market place and it was complete havoc. The street was crowded and noisy. Families kept getting lost and people kept bumping into one another causing a few fights. A tall man with a dozen bags bumped into a smaller, plump man and dropped the bags all over him. In an instant, the smaller man kicked the tall one in the knees and he was on the floor. \"Ah, good ol' Whitechapel.\" Katherine exclaimed stepping over the tall man. She turned around expecting Fred to laugh but he was no where in sight. She gulped. \"Fred?\" A few men glanced at her. She kept walking and tried to find Fred. \"Frederick! This isn't funny!\" She growled. Suddenly, a hand slid around her waist. She smiled. \"Looking for me?\" A seductive voice purred. Her eyes went wide and she turned to face the man holding onto her. He was not Frederick Abberline. He was quite attractive though. His eyes were ice blue and captivating. The longer he stared the harder it was to look away. His hair was wavy, but not as wavy as Fred's and it was blonde. He was dressed rather tastefully; a black suit with a stark white shirt underneath it and a red tie. From what she could see and feel, he was quite muscular. She snapped out of her thoughts and glared at the man. \"You sir, are not who I am looking for. I don't believe your name is Frederick so if you'll excuse me…\" She tried to get away but his hold was too strong. \"That is where you're wrong my dear!\" He smiled looking her over. \"My name is Frederick Delaflote. I am a surgeon from France here to help the police with an investigation.\" \"When did I ask for your life story?\" She flung his hand off her waist. \"And don't touch me! I don't know who you are nor do I care, sir!\" She turned angrily and bumped into Fred. She looked up and smiled but he was not looking at her. He placed his arm around her waist and continued to glare at the man in front of them. \"Feisty one, isn't she?\" Delaflote asked rhetorically. \"Who are you?\" Fred asked angrily, tightening his grip on Katie. She winced a bit. \"Must I go through this again?\" He sighed. \"My name is Frederick Delaflote. I am a surgeon from France. Sir Charles Warren has requested my help in a murder investigation. Apparently, the surgeons here aren't good enough.\" \"My hatred increases for that man.\" Fred muttered into Katie's ear. She stifled a giggle. Delaflote looked between the two. \"I'm Frederick Abberline, Inspector for the Metropolitan police. I can take you to Sir Charles right now if you would like.\" Katie elbowed Fred in the ribs and he glanced at her. It was clear she did not want this man around her. \"That would be much appreciated.\" Delaflote exclaimed before Fred had a chance to take it back. He walked over to the two and put his arm around the both of them. \"Lead the way, my good man.\" Katie shrugged his arm off her shoulder and walked ahead. Delaflote licked his lips and followed her leaving Fred to glare daggers at the man. \"Are you ever going to tell me your name?\" He asked as Katie walked beside him. She looked at him angrily for a moment. She sighed and looked ahead. \"Katherine O'Reilly.\" \"I knew you were Irish. That gorgeous accent gives it away.\" She blushed. No one had ever called her accent gorgeous. \"Such a beautiful place...Ireland, that is. The River Liffey is breathtakingly beautiful.\" Katie looked at him with excitement. \"You've seen the River Liffey?\" He nodded with a huge smile set upon his face. \"I grew up next to the river. It's where I learned to swim. I always thought it was much more beautiful at night. The moonlight just lit it up so perfectly.\" \"Oh yes, it is quite beautiful at night as well. Dublin Castle is also extraordinary. Did you know that throughout the Middle Ages the wooden buildings within the castle square evolved and changed, the most significant addition being the Great Hall built of stone and timber, variously used as Parliament House, Court of Law and Banqueting Hall.\" Fred rolled his eyes. \"You know your history!\" Katie exclaimed. Fred gawked at her. \"Unfortunately, the building was burnt down and demolished in 1673. I doubt anything can match it's former and true beauty.\" \"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.\" Delaforte winked at her. She smiled back at him and they continued talking about Ireland until they had finally reached the station. \"Ah!\" Fred exclaimed interupting the two. Both of them looked at him. \"Here we are, the Police station.\" Katie smiled at Fred and led Delaforte up the stairs. Fred glowered at the back of the mans head and followed the two of them. Not once did he look away from Delaforte. The black look was upon him. They walked up the steps and into the busy area. Godley looked up when the door opened and immediately shot Fred a look. He glared at Godley and nodded his head in Delaforte's direction. Godley looked over and gave the man an indifferent look. He looked back at Fred and beckoned him over. Fred walked over slowly. \"Why are you giving him such a dark look?\" Godley asked as Fred sat down on a desk. He continued to scowl at the man. He had just whispered something into Katie's ear and she giggled. \"Look at him! No, look at her! Fawning over him. It's sickening and so is he. Acting like he knows everything, ha!\" Fred spat bitterly. \"I didn't think you would get jealous.\" Godley said seriously. Fred looked at him and laughed. \"Jealous? No, this is not jealousy.\" He said too quickly. Godley shot him a look of disbelief. \"Then what is it that's got you so bothered?\" Fred didn't answer. He didn't know what it was. \"Shut it.\" He muttered and walked over to the two. \"I don't mean to interupt this happy moment but shall I take you to Sir Charles?\" Fred said as nicely as one can through gritted teeth. Delaforte glanced at Katie through his peripherals and nodded. \"I suppose you should.\" Fred nodded happily. \"Let's go!\" He began to walk and stopped when Delaforte did not follow. He turned around. Delaforte was placing a small kiss upon Katie's hand and she looked as if she had gone to heaven. \"I hope to see you soon, mon coeur doux.\" He walked up to Fred and smiled happily. \"Shall we, Abberline?\" Fred nodded, too angry to speak. Delaforte beamed as though he had completed some secret mission and followed Fred. \"Sir Charles?\" Fred asked knocking upon the open door. The old man looked up and smiled. \"Frederick! To what do I owe this pleasure?\" He began. \"Well, I'm…\" \"Not you.\" Charles said dryly. He walked over and shook Delaforte's hand happily. \"I have not seen you in so long, how have you been?\" Delaforte faked a laugh. \"I have been quite good, sir. How about you?\" \"I shant complain.\" He smiled pulling a chair out for him. \"Please, sit!\" Delaforte accepted happily. Sir Charles turned to Fred. \"You can leave now.\" Fred nodded and slammed the door shut as he walked out. Everyone turned to look at him. \"Get back to work!\" He yelled marching over to his office. He ripped the door open and slammed it shut as hard as he could. A muffled sob escaped a mouth. Fred looked around and saw Katie sitting in between Godley and Katie. \"Can you relax?\" Katie asked putting an arm around the terrified girl. Fred was in no mood to argue. \"It's alright, honey.\" She rubbed the girls shoulder and looked up at Fred. \"She says you know her.\" \"Yes,\" Fred said softly. \"I do. Cassie, love, what are you doing here?\" She looked up at Fred and he grew even angrier. She had a large purple bruise around her right eye and a split lip. \"Did he do this to you?\" He hissed. She looked down and sobbed. \"That fucker.\" He yelled kicking his waste bin. Garbage flew across the room. He put his hands on his desk and looked down. A hand was suddenly on his back. \"Relax.\" Katie whispered softly in his ear. \"You're tense.\" He sat up and watched as she picked everything up off the floor. \"I don't want to go home.\" Cassie stated. Fred and Katie both turned to her. \"I can't and I won't. I know this is hopeless. There is nothing any of you can do.\" Fred shook his head. \"If you testify, we can get him away.\" \"For how long?\" She yelled. \"My father is even higher up then you Fred, even higher up then Sir Charles! Who is going to believe me? Who is going to take my side? No one!\" Her shoulders shook violently as more sobs escaped. \"We believe you.\" Katie said softly walking over to the young girl. Cassie looked at Katie and tried to smile. \"There, there, dearie. It's going to be alright.\" She sat next to the girl and held onto her tightly. \"We'll get you away from him.\" \"You'll be in a lot of trouble.\" Katie ran a hand through her hair and glanced up at Fred. \"It's worth it.\" He stated. Cassie looked up at him. Her eyes were red and her face was wet. \"Even if you don't testify, we'll get you out of there.\" Fred dug a hand into his pocket and pulled out a wad of money. \"Take this, and go to the closest inn. Write your father a letter explaining you're staying at a friends for the night and leave it under the door at your house. I am not sending you back there tonight.\" He handed her the money and she accepted it gratefully. She jumped up and hugged Fred. \"Thank you so much.\" She muttered. \"You have no idea how much this means to me.\" She pushed herself away and ran outside before anyone could recgonize her. Fred stared at the door and rubbed his temples. Godley shut the door as Katie slipped her arms around Fred's waist. \"I don't think I know anyone as kind or as helpful as you are.\" He looked down and smiled bashfully. \"Don't be modest. You're one in a million, Fred.\" Godley watched the two until Katie removed her arms. \"Let's go get something to eat. I'm famished. Godley's treat!\" \"Sounds good.\" Fred agreed putting his coat on and following Katie out the door. \"I never agreed to tha'.\" Godley yelled stumbling after the two. The ten bells was crowded as usual. The same faces could be spotted in the crowd. It was either prostitutes or drunks. There was the rare middle class folk but that hardly happened. Fred, Katie and Godley loved the ten bells though. It held its own subtle charm. \"I love the food here.\" Katie muttered with a mouth full of potatoes. \"That was charming, Katherine.\" Godley muttered in disgust. She swallowed her food and stuck her tongue out at him. He rolled his eyes and drank half of his rum in a single gulp. \"I'm not helping you home tonight, Godley.\" Fred told him bluntly. \"You get drunk and you're stumbling home alone.\" \"When do I ever get drunk?\" He shouted taking another big gulp. \"Don't answer tha'.\" Katie giggled childishly as he hiccupped. The bell on the door went off and Fred looked in it's direction. The unfortunate he had seen earlier strolled in. Her hair was slicked back in an oily bun on top of her head. A few pieces hung down outlining her face. Her dark eyes were black with lust as she made contact with Fred. She grinned and made her way over. Her dress dragged on the floor collecting dirt and it was so low cut that nothing was left to the imagination. He kicked himself mentally for making eye contact. \"Ello dearie.\" Her voice purred seductively. Katie looked up and frowned. Fred turned to the woman and smiled nicely. \"Hello…\" \"Stephanie.\" She winked picking up a piece of his hair and playing with it. Katie put her fork down violently and folded her arms across her chest. Stephanie turned to her and scowled. \"Run along, sweetheart.\" She looked back at Fred. \"I have business to attend too.\" \"Business?\" Katie asked angrily. Fred shook his head. \"There is no business.\" He said calmly as he removed her hand. \"I'm not interested.\" Stephanie's eyes grew wide. \"Not interested?\" She asked angrily. \"Do you have any idea who I am?\" \"A whore?\" Katie offered smiling smugly. Stephanie glared at her. \"He said he isn't interested so run along.\" Stephanie stomped the floor angrily and walked off bumping into a man along the way. \"Fuck off!\" She yelled punching the door open and walking into the night. The door slammed shut and a ghust of cold air rushed in. Fred looked at Katie. \"What?\" She asked innocently and finished the rest of her food. He smiled and drank from his mug. He furrowed his eyebrows. Katie noticed. \"What?\" \"Where is Godley?\" He asked looking around the bar. \"Just ONE more!\" A familiar voice yelled. Katie and Fred both turned and saw a very drunk Godley bothering the man at the bar. \"You're bloody drunk as it is.\" Godley grabbed his shirt and pulled him closer. Fred slapped his forehead. \"Listen ta' me boy! I am a SARGENT. You hear me? A sargent. I command, under the law, that I get more to drink. I want—wait, I have backup! Frederick!\" Godley yelled turning around. Fred slouched in his seat as everyone turned to their table. \"Frederick, we can arrest him if he doesn't right?\" Katie had erupted in a fight of laughter. \"No Godley. Come sit down, I'll give you my drink.\" Godley smiled and let go off the man and stumbled back over to Fred. He sat down and Fred pushed his glass over to him. Godley accepted and downed it. His face twisted in disgust. \"WHA' IS THIS?\" He roared pushing the glass away. \"It's water.\" Katie laughed. Godley stared at her as if she was lying. Getting him home was not going to be an easy thing to do. a/n: that is chapter 7. yayyyyyyyyyyyy. Thanks for reading it my lovelies. Fred: I don't want to take him home. Me: You HAVE to, it's your duty as a police officer. Fred: -sighs- You're going to make me either way… Me: OH you know me TOO well. :) Jack: -pushes Fred out of the way- REVIEW SAVVY? Me: -pushes Jack out of the way- CAPTAINDUCKULA OUT![Chapter 8] Chapter 8 - Sober - a/n: hello :) random fact of the day: I ENJOY GETTING MY MOTLEY CRUE TICKETS IN THE MAIL ON DAYS WHERE I WANNA PUNCH WALLS. AND, i like this chapter a lot for reasons unknown and i hope you all enjoy. AND, yeah i was going for sweetheart not soft heart but translating sites fail epically for me and i fail for using those because THEY fail at being accurate. that's a cornucopia of failing there. also, did anyone hear the news that basically ruined my life? Johnny Depp getting married. WHY? like fuck, can't he WAIT FOR ME? imma go cry in a corner now. *EMO* enjoy :D The evening was quiet, almost too quiet for a place like Whitechapel. Normally, there would be the noise coming from the drunks trying to make their way to another bar. The scene would involve maybe two or three of them staggering helplessly up a street. They would reek of alcohol, their eyes would be bloodshot and it was certain that they would have an almost incomprehensible speaking pattern… however; tonight was different. The street lights danced to the rhythm of the wind while the stars hung in the dark black sky and shone almost triumphantly. It was the beginning of a peaceful night. \"OY! What the bloody 'ell do ye think yer lookin' at?\" A plump man shouted. His fist went up in a threatening manor. I guess some things about Whitechapel never change. \"Godley,\" Katie groaned talking his hand into hers, \"that's your reflection in the window.\" He squinted his eyes and stared at the image in front of him. \"Katie…she looks just like ye. They're mimicking us.\" His voice dropped to an inaudible hiss. Katie dropped his hand and looked over at Fred helplessly. \"He's your partner.\" Fred was leaning against a lamp post watching the two in amusement. He glanced at Katie when she spoke to him but didn't bother to reply. He'd only agitate the poor girl even more. She scowled at him and turned back to Godley. \"What on earth are you whispering?\" Godley jumped. Fred suppressed a laugh. \"I'm making a plan on how to get those two jokers back...\" It was amazing how serious he was. How could such a well reformed police officer end up planning on how to get back at his reflection? Alcohol was the devil, plain and simple. Only it could manipulate even the smartest person into thinking up something as stupid as this. \"That's us.\" Katie stated blankly. \"There is no one else on this street except us, Godley.\" He shook his head and pulled her closer. \"You are so stubborn.\" \"That's what they want you to think.\" He grinned. \"You have to get inside 'em, think how they think, be one with 'em…\" Katie glanced at Fred again. \"I told him I wasn't helping him home tonight!\" He shouted. She kept glaring at him until he finally gave in. \"Alright, alright.\" He pushed himself off the lamp post and walked in their direction. Godley picked Katie up and threw her over his shoulder. \"THERE'S ANOTHER ONE.\" He began to run away but didn't make it very far. He panted as he sat Katie down on the ground. She brushed off her dress and pouted as the wind picked up again. She stared down the street and shook as the cold made a trail of goose bumps along her body. \"You are simply amazing.\" Katie turned around. Godley was slumped against a wall and Fred stood over him. \"Didn't I tell you that I wouldn't help you home?\" Godley nodded. He put his hand on the wall for support as he attempted to stand up. Fred sighed and held his hand out. \"Come on, we're almost there.\" Godley grabbed a hold and Fred hoisted him up. He stumbled back and forth momentarily but thankfully regained his composure in a matter of seconds. \"Now, wait right here. I have to do something before I help you. Understand?\" Godley nodded with a big grin on his face. Fred turned around and stared at Katie. She stared back. What was he planning on doing now, she thought. And why wasn't he talking? Ever since she'd gotten here she had noticed his blank stares and the words he desperately left unspoken. It wasn't easy for anyone else to see. You had to know him well and she knew him well enough to know he was hiding something. Fred made his way over to her and as he did so, he shrugged his coat off. \"You're cold.\" He said softly as he put the coat around her shoulders. \"Thank you.\" She smiled gratefully. He grinned and turned back to Godley. \"Let's go.\" Godley nodded and slung his arm along Fred's shoulders. \"I 'ave never agreed with ye so much in me life.\" Godley slurred as they began to walk down the street. Katie followed quickly behind them not wanting to miss a moment of their conversation. \"I know. It's quite shocking, Sergeant.\" Godley nodded again. \"I do tha' ta people sometimes. I'm a shocker.\" \"What's truly shocking is your ability to still be conscious after all the alcohol you had.\" Fred responded helping him turn the corner. The street led into the open square which was the center of the prostitute population. Katie could hear the mindless chatter as they grew closer. \"Aye,\" Godley slurred and winked at Fred. \"Shocker.\" Fred groaned as Katie giggled. It was as if the girls could smell their prey. All eyes shot at Fred and eyed him as if he was a piece of meat. Most of the women knew better then to speak to him. It was as if everyone in Whitechapel knew of the tangled love affair that Fred and Mary Kelly shared. Only the brave dared to approach him. \"They're lookin' atcha.\" Godley whispered rather loudly. Fred looked over and one of the women grinned at him. She was a pretty woman, a little roomy throughout the hips but nothing that truly mattered. Her face looked painted on and her dress left nothing to the imagination. Her ample bosom was ready to pop out of her dress and the neckline plunged even too low for a whore. Katie scowled silently to herself. She normally didn't get angry when someone hit on Fred but ever since she came back it had started to drive her insane. Nathan always insisted she was jealous but that couldn't be it. She retorted that she just didn't think a whore was good enough for Fred and she was right. Look what happened last time. Mary Kelly broke his heart and sent him into another state of depression. After Victoria, he hadn't had much hope in ever finding someone else and then he did and that was ruined. She could only imagine what was running through his mind. He was so forlorn, so distant. He was keeping something from Katie but what was it? The woman walking over immediately took Katie from her thoughts. The way she strutted herself towards him made her sick. Katie looked at Fred and grinned seeing that he wasn't paying any attention to her. Godley was trying to walk faster for him but that seemed to be a dangerous task. Before the lady could even reach out and touch Fred, Katie went and walked next to him. \"He doesn't look so good.\" The woman yelled standing a few feet away. \"Why don't you let the girl take him home, Inspector and let me help you feel better?\" The unfortunates in the background snickered. \"Don't listen to 'em!\" Godley raved wildly. \"They can't be trusted, Frederick.\" \"Can't be trusted, dearie? No, that was just Mary Kelly.\" Godley looked at Fred with a sad expression and Katie waited for a yell, a scream, a sob…anything but he just kept on walking. That had to be it then. He was repressing all feelings again. The things she would do to Mary Kelly if she only knew where the bitch was. Katie turned to the woman before she left and glared daggers at her. The woman snorted and waltzed away. \"Katie, hurry up!\" Fred yelled standing at the end of the street. She stared at the woman one last time before running after them. \"Why didn't you say anything?\" She asked when she caught up with them. \"It wasn't any of my business.\" Godley began. \"Not you.\" Fred said fumbling around for Godley's key. Katie didn't even realize they were standing outside his house. \"I didn't feel the need to you.\" \"Didn't feel the need to defend yourself? She was inexcusably rude to you! You can't let people treat you like that Frederick.\" Fred finally found the key and shoved it into the lock. He turned it and opened the door. Godley stumbled in first and Fred held the door open for Katie. \"Everything she said was right.\" He muttered staring Katie right in the eye. She searched for any sign of emotion in his eyes but they held the same lost look they had after Victoria left. Tears formed in the corners of Katie's eyes but she walked in before Fred could see anything. It wasn't fair at all. He deserved so much and got nothing but misfortune. Godley was passed out on the couch with his coat half off. Fred chuckled. Katie looked at him from her peripherals and captured the moment in her memory. He gazed at her. \"We should let the fool sleep. He won't be too happy in the office tomorrow.\" \"I feel a little bit sorry for you.\" She grinned taking the blanket off the chair and throwing it onto Godley's sleeping form. He turned over and snored loudly. \"He's going to be miserable. I've never seen someone drink so much in my life.\" \"Well, my dear, he is the shocker.\" Fred winked. Katie laughed and pulled the sleeves of Fred's coat up. \"Shall we?\" He added offering his arm to her. Katie nodded and entwined her arm in his. She shut the door with her free hand and they both made their way down the street. \"Don't let them get to you.\" Katie said tightening her grip. \"Those wh-women don't know what they're talking about.\" \"But she was right, Katie.\" Fred began. \"I thought I could trust her but in the end, I couldn't but it wasn't just her fault. I never went to her. I've gotten a lot of letters from her but I just never found the will to go to her.\" \"She shouldn't have led you on and then left.\" \"She had to.\" Fred sighed. He shuddered as a gust of wind blew violently. Katie began to take her coat off. \"I'm fine. Don't even think about it.\" \"You're cold.\" She frowned. \"You shouldn't be! This is your coat!\" \"And I should leave you, a lady, to be cold? You won't win this argument my dear. Besides, your house is just up here.\" He was right. They were on her street. It's amazing how one loses track of time so fast. It creeps up on us so quickly that sometimes we don't even realize how much time we've used up. \"That was faster then I thought it would be. I guess I live closer to Godley then I thought.\" She yawned deeply and sighed. \"I need sleep but I can't tonight.\" \"Why not?\" Fred asked. Katie pulled the key out of her bodice and threw it up into the air and caught it. \"I need to work on the damn scroll.\" She walked up her doorsteps and Fred followed her. \"Nathan started the first one but if I want to get this done and go then I need to get a move on them.\" She slid her key in the hole and turned it. The loud clicking sound acknowledged that the door had opened and they stepped inside her warm house. \"You'll be leaving after they're done?\" Fred asked sliding his coat off of her. Katie nodded. \"Yes, it'll be off to wherever it leads me. It's funny how my fate lays in some ancient paper.\" Fred nodded and didn't say anything. She turned to him. \"I'll come back darling.\" He smiled weakly. \"Do you need any help?\" Fred asked. \"Actually, that would really help me. Are you sure you want to stay and help? It's late and we just had quite the adventure through Whitechapel.\" Fred smiled. \"I'd love to help you, Katie.\" She smiled at him and beckoned for him to follow her. They walked down the corridor in silence until they reached the study. Katie stopped and turned around. They were inches away from one another. \"Now, just a warning…this may be dreadfully boring and I may get very angry if I don't find at least one word tonight.\" \"Thanks for the warning.\" Fred grinned putting his arm around her waist. Her eyes widened and her face went red. \"Are you okay?\" He asked pushing the door open and walking around her. She nodded and shuffled over to the table in the middle of the room. Papers, maps, artefacts and statements were scattered all over it. She grabbed a rolled up piece of parchment and slowly ripped the ribbon off it. She tossed it aside carelessly and opened the scroll up. Fred looked over it slowly. \"It's in Latin,\" She began, \"I only have a few words, with the help of Nathan, translated but there are so many more to go and after this one, there's another. I want to get this one done by at least the end of next month. I've already been here for three weeks and I only have a few words. \" Fred picked up the scroll and examined it. \"Right here says 'is a' and over there, after danger, it says 'many'…I know some basic words.\" Katie stared at him in bewilderment. \"You're like a gift from God.\" She quickly wrote down what he had said and cracked open one of her big books. \"Nathan gave me these…he said they would be helpful,\" she tossed one over to Fred, \"lets see if he was right.\" The two of them searched for over two hours hoping to find at least some other words or anything that would help them finish a sentence. Their luck was minimal. All they had found were the words 'the' and 'their'. Luckily for Fred, Katie's impatience was masked by how tired she was. \"This is ridiculous.\" She yawned sifting through another book. \"I don't care about unimportant words such as 'the' or 'is'. I want to know a bigger word. Something I can work on or at least try and figure out without translating anything.\" \"Be patient, my dear. We'll find it.\" Fred picked up another book and blew dust off of it. \"How old are these bloody things?\" \"You know that's my not strongest capability. I'm not sure. That one was my grandfathers.\" She sat down on her chair. \"I'm just going to rest my eyes. Don't let me fall asleep.\" Fred grinned and nodded at her. She closed her eyes and fell asleep almost instantly. Fred closed the book and watched her sleep for a moment. She was so peaceful when she slept. Her red hair cascaded down her shoulders and enhanced her creamy skin. Her mouth was in a small pout and for some reason she looked more upset then peaceful now. \"Frederick…\" She murmured in her sleep, \"Just tell me.\" Fred frowned. She knew something was up. Fred stood up and grabbed a blanket from another chair. He was sick of talking about things. It only brought up unwanted memories; things he would rather forget. It was impossible to sneak anything by her though. They knew each other so well. He'd keep avoiding it as long as necessary but it was obvious it was already getting to the breaking point. She'd ask him very straight forward soon. He gently tossed the blanket upon her and carried her over to the couch by the window. He laid her down carefully and tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. She smiled momentarily and then turned over onto her side. Fred went over to the table and took his coat and hat and put them on slowly. Maybe she would forget but he doubted it. The lass had a sharp memory. He blew the candles out on the table and disappeared into the night like the candle smoke into the air. The door flung open and slammed against the wall to the left. Fred looked up from where he was seated. Godley stood in the doorway; eyes bloodshot and a murderous glare stricken upon his face. \"You're going to break my door one day.\" Fred pointed at the dented handle and went back to looking at his papers. This only infuriated Godley more. He grabbed the handle and slammed the door shut. \"And how are you feeling?\" \"Like death! What on earth 'appened last night?\" He roared forgetting about his hangover. He grabbed his head and sat down slowly. \"…whisper it ta me.\" \"Well, you got drunk Godley.\" Fred began. \"Quite drunk. I've never seen someone consume so much alcohol in my life. You insisted your reflection was someone else and when Katie tried to talk you out of it, you insisted her reflection was planning something against you and her with your reflection…that last bit was confusing.\" \"Hold on. Are ye saying…I wanted ta fight me reflection?\" Fred nodded. Godley slumped into his chair. \"I suspect ye enjoyed tha.\" \"Almost as much as you enjoy hitting me every time I chase the dragon.\" \"At least those days are over.\" He muttered. \"My head is killin' me.\" At that moment, the door swung open violently and whacked the wall very hard. Godley groaned in pain and Fred looked up. Katie stood there, in her clothes from the previous evening and her hair in a tangled mess. \"YOU LET ME FALL ASLEEP AFTER I SPECIFICALLY SAID NOT TO!\" She shouted angrily. \"CAN YE NOT YELL?\" Godley shouted back. He immediately regretted that and sat down slowly. He plugged his ears. Katie slammed the door shut and glared at Fred. \"You were tired and needed some sleep, my dear.\" Fred explained calmly. \"It's not healthy and you know your sleeping pattern isn't good already. You're an explorer, how much sleep do you get?\" Katie didn't answer. \"…thank you for at least putting me on the couch. Have you ever fallen asleep in a chair before? Dreadful.\" She sat down on the window seat and looked at Godley. His ears were still plugged. \"I'M DONE SHOUTING!\" He grimaced and unplugged them. \"You best be.\" \"How's your head?\" She giggled looking at Fred. He smiled softly and looked back down at his papers. \"Fuckin' hurts.\" Fred looked up at him. \"You're in the presence of a lady, Godley. Language.\" Godley rolled his eyes. Fred looked at him in disbelief. \"It's fine, Fred.\" Katie spoke up. \"Thank you though. He's just miserable and drunk.\" Godley glared at her. She returned it equally as fierce. \"Godley, have you heard anything from Cassie?\" Fred asked randomly. Godley turned to him. \"She 'asn't been by in a few days ta be honest.\" Katie looked between the two. \"Do you think she's okay?\" Katie asked. \"What are you planning on doing?\" Fred breathed in slowly and searched through his drawers. \"I had an idea but I don't think it will be easy. There is no way we can get any proof but there has to be a way we can get her out of here without him knowing. I know for a fact the man goes to the Ten Bells every Friday for some…company. I was thinking that we can get one of the…ladies to help us.\" Godley nodded every few seconds in agreement. \"Just get me a dress and I'll do it.\" Katie offered. \"I'm not letting you pose as a prostitute. What if someone hurts you?\" Fred asked; his voice full of concern. \"You'll be there darlin'. And it won't be for long. Just enough time to distract him right?\" Fred nodded. \"It's settled then. I'll do that part. What will you two do?\" \"I need Godley to get me a carriage and someone I can trust. I mean it Godley. I don't want anyone I don't know or that seems suspicious. If anything happens to that girl I won't live it down. They can meet us at the docks and I'll make sure she gets on the carriage and out of here. I've saved up some money she can have until she gets to her grandparents in the Caribbean. She can take the carriage to the docks on the other side of England and get on a ship. I'm going to set that up by tomorrow and if everything goes as planned, she'll be free.\" \"It will work Fred. It has to.\" Katie said patting his hand. Fred turned his hand around without realizing and they held hands momentarily. He rubbed her knuckles with his thumb and stared out the window. \"It must.\" He growled. The door swung open and crashed into the wall. Fred and Katie both looked up and there stood Delaforte. \"Oh my day is just getting better and better…\" He whispered. \"Well, well…I came here to look for you Inspector and what a surprise I get.\" He walked over to Katie and went to take her hand but stopped once he saw Fred was holding it. He raised his eyebrow and looked at the two. Katie ripped her hand away and Fred began sifting through papers immediately. Delaforte grinned and took her hand. Fred watched inconspicuously through the corner of his eye. \"Ma belle dame, I did not think I would see your gorgeous face for a long time.\" Katie turned a light scarlet colour. \"You happen to get lovelier each time I see you.\" She giggled nervously. \"Hardly, Mr Delaforte. My hair is a mess and, well, this dress is….old.\" He didn't let go of her hand as he looked her up and down. \"I see a vision in front of me.\" Fred dropped his papers with a loud thud. Katie jumped and Delaforte let go of her hand. They both looked up at him. Fred smiled smugly. \"Sorry, I'm very clumsy today.\" He began to pick up his papers. \"Is there something I can help you with, Mr Delaforte?\" Delaforte nodded. \"Sir Charles Warren was telling me that you would be able to show me around town today. He said it was so we can get better acquainted.\" Fred glared at the floor. That was number one on his list of things he never, ever wanted to do. He stood up and smiled politely. \"I'm quite sorry but I am terribly busy today. Perhaps another time?\" Fred offered hoping for a refusal. \"I'll show you around.\" Fred turned to Katie with wide eyes. Why didn't he think she would offer? Delaforte grinned at her. \"I would love for you to show me around my dear.\" He offered her his arm and she accepted gratefully. \"To have someone so beautiful show me around is such a lovely thing. I'm beginning to like Whitechapel and what it has to offer. Are you being courted, my dear?\" He glanced quickly at Fred. Fred was wracking through his brain trying to think of a reason for her to stay. \"No.\" She smiled and opened the door. \"Let's go. The museum is our first stop.\" Delaforte looked at Fred, winked and shut the door. Fred through his book at the door and walked over to the window. \"You need to relax.\" Godley spoke up. Fred gave him such a look that Godley slightly cringed. Fred stood at the window and watched Delaforte hand Katie a flower. She smiled and accepted it. \"She hates flowers.\" Fred informed Godley. \"All of them except the Iris. What the hell makes him so bloody irresistible?\" \"I think yer jealous.\" Godley stated bluntly. Fred turned and looked at him. \"Let the girl show him around. She's got a head on her shoulders.\" Fred looked back out the window. \"Beautiful…he called her beautiful! That's practically an insult. There isn't a word to describe how flawless she is.\" He watched them round the corner and disappear into the afternoon. He made his way over to his chair and pulled a case file out from the pile on his desk. Godley stared at him with his eyebrow raised. \"What? I need a distraction.\" And with that, he began reading. a/n: Oh my sweet, jealous, sexy little Inspector. Forget my character, you can have me. Fred: We tried that...many a time Me:...fuck buddies? Fred: :O JOSEPHINE! Me: It's okay my dear Frederick. Where is my man? JACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK! Jack: Say no more luv. *we leave...;)* *Jack runs back momentarily* REVIEW SAVVY? *runs back to moi* CAPTAINDUCKULA OUT![Chapter 9] Chapter 9 - Hurt a/n: i realize i severely fail at updating. but here is the newest chapter! :) i hope you enjoy it. The streets were surprisingly not packed today. Katie and Delaforte made their way through the streets in a comfortable silence. The weather wasn't necessarily cold but nor was it warm. The wind picked up and a chill ran through her body. She shivered, ever so slight, trying not to draw any attention to herself however; Delaforte noticed. \"My love, are you cold?\" He asked, buttoning his coat up. Nice observation, Katie thought as she watched him button up his coat in envy. It wasn't that she was expecting him to give her his coat; she was just so used to Fred doing it. \"Yes,\" she said in a slightly bitter tone. The museum was up ahead to the left. \"We're almost there anyway so it doesn't matter.\" She wrapped her arms around herself as they made their way up the steps. Delaforte opened the door and held it for Katie as she waked in. The warmth instantly hit her. Relief spread throughout her body and she let it take over. The museum was busier than usual. People were scattering all over the place; women dressed in their Sunday best and men with their fancy long overcoats and expensive hats. Why people dressed so fancy for places like this was something she'd never fully understand. Delaforte took her hand and she was taken away from her thoughts. \"Shall we?\" He asked staring at a younger girl who was grinning at him. Katie rolled her eyes and started walking down one of the corridors. Pictures of famous dukes, kings, queens and others adorned the walls and others had coloured landscapes artists had seen or dreamt of. Paintings were like a whole new world to Katie; a mystery. Each picture asked a question: what was the author thinking at that moment? \"This is a rather grim painting.\" Delaforte exclaimed. Katie looked over and grinned. It was her favourite painting. There was a dark, dull room and in the corner sat a woman who looked as if the weight of the world had collapsed on her shoulders. Her eyes were full of sadness. One window was above her with a sun that shone so bright yet inside her house, inside her, it was the complete opposite. Her dress was dirty, stained and slightly torn and no shoes were upon her feet. She would admit that yes, it was grim, but it spoke to her in so many ways. \"I don't like it.\" He added. \"Why don't you like it?\" Katie asked as she stared at the girl. \"She's miserable. There's no explanation as to why. Dreadful painter, no creativity at all.\" \"You don't know that.\" Delaforte looked over towards Katie. She was still looking at the painting. \"Sometimes there are unknown reasons as to why we're upset. The past is always with us and can show up unexpectedly. Maybe something happened to her. Perhaps the man she loved left her and took all of her, all of who she is, who she was, with him. Or maybe this is the life she was given. A life of cruelty, of despair. A sad life which she must lead alone. The outside is inviting but she doesn't want to be invited. Maybe she feels like no one would understand her if she went out there.\" She looked up at him. \"Art isn't just about what is there. It's about finding that hidden message, looking for the story behind the painting or deciphering the tale the artist intended on leaving amidst the dreary edges of the paper.\" Delaforte said nothing. He simply stared at her, not knowing what to say. \"Let's move upstairs?\" She asked, growing uncomfortable under his stare, as she moved towards the large staircase. He followed her. Light shone brightly through the windows, illuminating the stairs with a triumphant glow. The stairs were made out of an old cream coloured marble, which sparkled like a thousand tiny diamonds, along with the rest of the building. Unlike the sparkle from the stairs, the walls were coated in a light layer of dust. A man brushed against Katie and apologized in a fast mutter. She watched him scurry out of the museum in quite a hurry. \"So tell me about this Frederick fellow I always see you with.\" Delaforte asked as he caught up to her. \"I've known him since I was a wee lass,\" she began \"we've been friends our whole lives.\" \"Just friends?\" He asked. Katie slowed the pack down so she could glance quickly at the paintings. \"Yes, God yes!\" She quickly assured him. A grin snuck up upon his mischievous face. \"Is he married?\" He asked. It seemed there was a lot he wanted to know about the dear inspector. Katie stopped walking. She didn't particularly like it when Victoria was brought up. It only reminded her of a friend lost and those awful months where she almost lost Fred to his own inner demons. \"Is he?\" She blinked and saw Delaforte staring at her, yet again, waiting for a response. \"No.\" She muttered while shaking her head. Her curly locks bobbed side to side as she strode past him. She did not notice the look of disbelief on his face, the look of something unknown that he would figure out soon enough. A smile crept upon his face; a mean, malicious smile. He'd figure it out, he thought, as he caught up with her. \"Let's go somewhere else.\" She suggested, desperately trying to change the subject. \"I'd love to my dear but I've just remembered a previous engagement that I must attend.\" He took her hand into his in one swift motion and planted a kiss on it. She smiled yet a puzzled look was in her eyes. \"I shall hopefully see you again soon.\" Before she could ask any questions, he walked away in a fast pace. He was smiling to himself. Someone would be able to tell him about Fred. Sir Charles had let something slip; something about a prostitute and he had every intention of finding it out. As he stepped outside the sun blinded him and he had to pause for a moment on the top of the stairs. Where could he go? Who would tell him? He pondered this until his eyes had adjusted. He stepped down the stairs two at a time. A look of disgust grew upon his face as he thought about Fred. Ever since he was introduced to him he instantly did not like him. He held his coat tightly around him as he walked down the busy streets. The markets were open and unfortunately he had been caught in the middle of the busiest parts of the day. Sighing, he returned to his thoughts. It wasn't that he hated Fred, he didn't even know him. There was just something there, a certain aura he possessed that just drove Delaforte mad. To escape the rush, he ducked down a narrow alleyway. It was darker than usual seeing as the sun was hidden by the giant buildings he was in between. The cobblestones on the street were cracked and not in an even pattern. Alcohol bottles were thrown across the alley in jagged pieces and a few people were lying against the wall in an inebriated state. He picked up the pace as he suddenly felt a rush of panic surge throughout his body. He took a deep breath when he was finally out amongst everyone again. He was in the downtown area of Whitechapel. Most places had the most extravagant things downtown but not in Whitechapel. The population of this area were the drunks, the whores and the rampant fools who come alive in the middle of the night. The children of the night, of the darkness, as many called them. Some say a new town, a different kind of town, came alive at night; others saw no difference. That's when it hit him. If anyone could tell him about Fred, it would be one of the unfortunates! He rummaged through his mind to arrange a plan and with that same cruel smile he held earlier, he devised it and walked off back to his sleeping quarters until night fell and the children, that worshiped it so well, came out to play. Fred Abberline sat with his feet propped onto his desk, a case file in his hand and a sour look on his face. Tyler Hounds– Age 49 – Serial Rapist. Medium build, brown hair, blue eyes, a light scruff on face and neck, scar in the shape of a hook under his right eye. First occurrence happened the night of… he put the file down and looked out the window. There was no way he could concentrate. Not when she was still out with him. No one else could see if but Fred sensed it; he was trouble. And she was out with trouble. Two hours they'd been gone and every moment drove him wilder. What antics was he pulling with her: his phoney laughter, his fake smile or his disgusting kiss on the hand? Fred was not pleased. That wasn't the only thing on his mind. Carrie was still out there and he hadn't heard from her in days. Fred's optimism was shot at the moment; only the worst was on his mind. He wasn't going to wait any longer. As soon as she got a hold of him, the plan was going into action. It astounded him how a man of such high power, of such prestige, would do something so vile and pathetic. Carrie had been coming to him when she was about 16. Her father had started off by groping her as she walked past, that turned into touching her at night when no one could hear her, and that turned into rape. Every night she'd wait up; it was easier that way, she told him, that way she knew when it was about to happen. She wasn't taken away from her peaceful dreams and back to reality. For three years now, Fred remained powerless; conflicted by the law with no way of finding a loop hole…until now. With the help of Katie and Godley, he'd get her out of there. All he needed was the perfect distraction and the utmost accurate timing. It had to work. Knock knock. Fred jumped. \"Come in!\" He shouted. He held his hands behind his back and looked at the people below him momentarily. \"Someone's here tah see yah.\" Godley said in a hushed tone. His first thought was Katie but why would Godley whisper that? He turned around and saw a small figure hidden underneath a shawl. Godley closed the door and motioned for the person to reveal herself. Small, girlish hands slowly pulled the shawl down and Cassie's face appeared. She was smiling which was a rare sight in Abberline's mind. \"Mr. Abberline!\" She exclaimed. She ran over to him and threw her arms around his neck. He put his arms around her for a second and held her back. Before he could even ask, she answered his question. \"No, no one saw me come in.\" He smiled for a split second. \"Lock the door, Godley.\" He commanded. Godley nodded and did as he was told. He pulled a curtain down over the window of the door and now they had privacy. Fred sat on his chair again and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. \"Where have you been staying?\" Always straight to business in situations like this. He used the candle that was flickering out on his desk to light his smoke and he inhaled the nicotine. It surged throughout his body and he relaxed. \"I'm staying at a little inn off near the docks. It's lovely there. The ocean is so gorgeous at night and I can see it from my room.\" She was glowing for the first time in years. Fred couldn't help but smile. He was going to make sure that from now on she had a radiant glow to her. \"How would you like to travel across the ocean…get away from here for good?\" He asked. Her eyes widened at the offering. Godley coughed in the background and sat on the window bench. She looked from Godley to Fred and repeated this twice. \"I would love it!\" Her smile faltered instantly. \"But…how will we get away from my father? He's been looking for me, Fred. I don't want you to get into trouble.\" Fred shook his head. \"Don't worry about that. We have a plan, my darling.\" She was listening eagerly. \"Tomorrow when it's late out, Katie is going to head to the ten bells and distract your father while Godley and I help you break into your house to get all your things together. After that, there will be a ship waiting to take you away. I'm not too sure as to where but its better then here, Cassie. Are you okay with this?\" \"All I've ever wanted as to get away, Mr. Abberline.\" Her eyes started to well up with tears. \"Thank you so much…all of you.\" Fred took a drag of his cigarette and watched the smoke disappear as he blew it back out. \"You don't need to thank us. All I ask is that you remain safe and write me as often as you can.\" He winked at her and she smiled again. \"I can do that.\" She assured him. Fred side smiled and took out a pencil and a sheet of parchment. \"I need to know where you're staying.\" He pushed the parchment towards her and she wrote down all they needed to know. \"Now, Cassie, you need to leave. Go back there and get a lot of rest. If something goes wrong you'll need all the energy you can get. We'll come by tomorrow around ten o' clock.\" \"I'll be waiting.\" Cassie stood up and grabbed her belongings. As soon as she was unrecognizable, she fled the building in a hurry. Fred finished his cigarette and put it out in the fireplace behind him. Godley watched him. Fred stared right back. \"Yes, sergeant?\" \"Do you think we can pull this off?\" His tone of voice was serious. \"We have to.\" Fred stated simply. \"This is something we cannot fail at it; this can't be another Ripper case.\" They both sat in silence. The ripper case had affected them both and neither one enjoyed bringing it up. No words could be said when it happened to appear in conversation. \"You didn't ruin the case, Fred. If anything you were the reason it was solved.\" Fred nodded to shut him up. Godley sighed. This was beginning to grow into a routine for the two. Fred didn't believe he'd helped. Sir Charles kicked him off and because of him another innocent person was murdered. They did catch Jack the Ripper though. Sir William Gull, a reputable physician of the Royal family, was the one they called The Ripper. A man trying to cover a dark family secret by any means necessary…even murder. The man was now sitting, naked, in an insane asylum. No one knew that Fred has visited him a few times. He needed to see the man who had killed so many, the man who had taken part of his life away…the man who had ruined any chance he had left with Mary Kelly. Those times were over though; he had indeed moved on from Mary Kelly. \"You should let Katie know what's going on tomorrow evening. You also need tah find her a dress.\" Godley informed him. \"Well,\" Fred stood up and walked over to his coat. He slung his arms through it and began to button it up. \"You can take care of the dress part, I'll take care of the informing part.\" Godley didn't argue. \"I've got to talk to those bleedin' woman…\" Although, he liked to complain. \"I'll bring it tah you're house tomorrow.\" Godley stood up and both men walked out together. Fred locked his office and joined Godley for the walk outside. \"I'm not too fond of this.\" Fred told him. \"What if something happens to Katie? I don't want her put in this situation.\" Godley hobbled down the stairs. \"I promise yah Fred, she'll be fine! That ol' fiery Irish spirit will protect her.\" Fred nodded but still wasn't convinced. Godley pushed the doors open and both men were hit by the chill autumn air. \"Fuckin' freezing I tell yah…\" He put his hands into his coat pockets and made his way in the opposite direction. Fred turned down the street and made his way towards Katie's house. Instead of going the usual way though, he went down an old, familiar street. Victoria used to work in a shop on this street. Every day for lunch, he'd meet her at work. It was the favourite time of his day. Seeing her made everything better. Work wasn't always pleasant especially with some of the cases he received. He and Victoria would walk down the streets and she'd listen to him vent and he'd do the same in return. He passed her old work and stared in the window. He closed his eyes and saw a vision of her. She was standing there, smiling, and serving a customer. He never wanted to open his eyes but alas, his visions weren't always so nice. She disappeared so fast he didn't even believe he'd actually seen her. \"Look out.\" Someone yelled at him. He turned around and saw an angry old man coming up from behind him. \"Whats tha matter with yah? Yer gonna get hit standing like tha' in the middle of the street.\" \"Thank you.\" Fred responded politely and continued on with his walk to Katie's. Hopefully she was home by now and not out with that pompous moron. Every one of those bloody cunts drove his blood to boil and here was his best friend gallivanting across town with one. The wind began to pick up but thankfully he had arrived at her house. He knocked. No answer. He waited, counted to five and knocked again. He heard a small crash inside and grew concerned. His hand was hovering above the door but it was pulled open. \"Frederick!\" Katie was smiling quite largely. \"Come in, it's freezing outside. This isn't autumn weather at all!\" Fred stepped inside. \"Indeed, my dear.\" He unbuttoned his coat slowly and threw it on the couch. \"How was your day with Delaforte?\" He asked pronouncing his name like venom. Katie shrugged. \"Nothing too eventful happened. He got different towards the end.\" Katie looked up at Fred. \"He just left abruptly. He was quite interested in you.\" She turned on her heels and walked down the hallway. Fred furrowed his eyebrows and followed her. \"Me?\" He asked. Her hallway was dark but he could see the faint image of her body walking towards her study. When she opened the door, light shone vividly out of it. She disappeared into the room. \"Yes!\" She called out to him. He stepped into the room and sighed. There was stuff everywhere. Katie wasn't the neatest person and it drove Fred crazy most of the time. \"I don't know why but he just kept asking question after question after question.\" She tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear and studied some papers in her hand. Her hair was flowing down in rapid waves and the light made her hair glow a vibrant red. The white dress she wore clung to every curve on her body and her neckline was high. Fred couldn't imagine her in an unfortunates dress nor did he want too. \"What did he ask?\" Katie was shaking her head and cursing under her breath. \"Katie?\" \"What?\" She asked looking up at him. \"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.\" \"What did he ask?\" A look grew in her eye but she looked away fast. \"Just how I knew you and all that…\" She wouldn't look at him; her back suddenly turned to his. \"What else, Katie?\" She turned back around. \"Oh, nothing.\" She mumbled as she picked up her glowing turtle. She tossed it from palm to palm. Fred was looking at her and she sighed as she made eye contact with him. \"He asked if you were married.\" He nodded slowly. Oh Victoria, he thought. He didn't need to say anything. Katie knew. In an instant, her arms were around him. \"It's alright, Fred.\" She whispered as she rubbed his back in a soothing motion. \"I promise you I said nothing.\" He held onto her and buried his head in her hair. \"I know.\" He muttered. His eyes closed and he repressed; he quickly just bottled everything up and pulled away from Katie. \"Now, we need to talk about tomorrow.\" She frowned. \"Frederick…\" She began. He cut her off. \"It's about Cassie.\" Katie wanted to continue but she let Fred go on. \"Tomorrow, I'll need you to act like a…unfortunate.\" She nodded to his dismay. He was hoping she'd change her mind. \"That brings me to my other topic: you don't need to do this.\" \"Oh god.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Darling, I don't want you hurt!\" He stated. She walked over to her table and scrimmaged though some papers. \"You're not listening to me, are you?\" She smiled at him. \"Not at all…ah ha! Here it is!\" Fred walked over to her and looked at what she found. \"What does it say?\" It was in an old language that was unreadable to him. \"It's talking about where the book is. The words here are \"underground water tunnel\" and this is \"two men who were the Flavian brothers\". I'm getting closer Fred.\" Her voice was distant. It usually got like this when she talked about things she'd find. \"Pretty soon, it'll be in my hands…unless it's a sham.\" Her tone dropped. \"I believe in you.\" She looked up at him. \"I always have.\" They stood their momentarily, losing themselves into one another until Fred realized what was going on. He coughed and picked up the turtle. \"What do you suppose this is?\" He asked. \"I have no idea yet. That little turtle is a pain in the ass.\" She muttered. \"I've looked everywhere in my scrolls for what he'd lead to or what he is but he's no where. I can barely understand the other scrolls and with my luck, the answer will be in one of those!\" She plopped herself down in a defeated manner. Fred scanned some of the papers. \"Turtle. It says so right there.\" She twisted her head in his direction and jumped up. In a second, she was by his side. \"Look, this word right there means turtle. It's one of five words I know in Latin and that scroll my dear is in Latin.\" She stared at the scroll and then looked up at Fred. \"You are a gift from up above, you know that?\" She marked the scroll with ink and put it in a very special spot. \"Enough of all this work business, would you like a cup of tea?\" She asked. \"I'd love some. And for some conversation, any way I can talk you out of this whole dangerous situation tomorrow?\" He asked, following her laughter out of the room. There was no way he'd be winning this battle. a:n: so there it is! chapter nine. I've got a lot of ideas for the next chapters so I'm really excited! And I still want Fred in my pants SO bad. Fred: -_- Josephine... Me: Fred, honestly, can you blame me? Jack: I can...how do you find THAT attractive? Me: HOW DO YOU NOT? Besides, he is you. Jack: :O BLASPHEMY! -runs away shouting- REVIEW, SAVVY? CAPTAINDUCKULA OUT! ","Summary":" Hello!nSo, this is my new fic that I'm extremely nervous about. uf04anI'm hoping you'll enjoy it, i"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"El misterio a la luz de la Torre en sombras","Author":"Lime Marionette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3629032","Passage":"[Chapter 1] El Misterio a la Luz de lanTorre en Sombras Prólogo Era una noche muy oscura y fría. Sólonalgunas luces prendidas se podían vislumbrar en losnventanales. La joven mujer corría apresuradamente ynuna tétrica sombra corría detrás de ella, elnhombre -¿por qué eso era o no?- llevaba una especie dencuchillo. Su perseguidor tenía serias intenciones de hacernalgo con aquella mujer. Se detuvo, en Whitechapel, ¿deberíanseguir?... Disipando sus dudas, el Big Ben hablaba una vez másnanunciando la medianoche, había llegado la hora. Continuó, la mujer que estaba a unosncuantos metros de él gritaba pidiendo auxilio, pero nadienrespondía, para su mala suerte empezaba a llegar a una zonandespoblada y obscura de Londres, contempló con terror que yanno podía dar marcha atrás. El asesino se abalanzó sobre ella,ncortándole rápidamente el cuello para que dejase dengritar, súbitamente su víctima comenzaba a apaciguarse.nEl hombre vio el momento adecuado para iniciar su macabro ritual. Para todo esto, el Big Ben terminaba de dar susndoce campanadas, esa noche. -\"una víctima más, otra vez\" Vio el lujoso reloj de marca \"Rolex\" quencolgaba en su muñeca, limpiando la sangre de su cuchillonemprendió la marcha hacia la ciudad. -\"hemos vuelto a la aventura\" El cuerpo de la mujer, el cual estaba sobre elnbarro –provocado por la intensa lluvia- se estaba deslizando hastanque llegó a las orillas del Támesis, y fue arrastradonpor la corriente hacia donde se podía ver \"la torrenSangrienta\".[Chapter 2] Capítulo I Vida detectivesca Londres, 26 de noviembre de 1888 ¡El Destripador ataca dennuevo!: Un nuevo cuerpo ha sido encontrado en la rivera del Támesis. Una mujer de linaje francés, cuyonnombre en vida fue Catherine Doyle Charnille, conocida como \"Rouge\"nde 27 años fue encontrada esta mañana en la rivera delnTámesis, a pocos metros de la Torre de Londres. Lasnautoridades descubrieron como en las anteriores 7 víctimas, un corte en elncuello con un cuchillo muy afilado, se cree que fue un escalpelo, yntodas ellas presentaban diferentes grados de mutilaciones en elncuerpo. Hay sólo una distinción en este caso, ya que elnDestripador sólo causa la muerte en un perímetro muyndefinido, ahora ha llegado hasta el cauce del Támesis, algunosnsuponen que la víctima al encontrarse amenazada por estanpersonalidad intentó correr y escapar, sin resultado, otrosndicen que al parecer el Destripador posiblemente habríanintentado limpiar su rastro lanzando el cadáver al agua. Se afirma que también... Era la primera plana del Diario \"Times\" denaquella mañana de los últimos días del fríonnoviembre, cuando al fin se creía que los asesinatos en seriesncometidos por el apodado \"Jack, el Destripador\" habíanncesado. Pues, uno de los principales sospechosos: Montague JohnnDruitt, un abogado loco cuyo cuerpo había sido halladonflotando en el río Támesis poco después delnúltimo asesinato. Sin dudas, el caso \"Jack,nel Destripador\" se abre de nuevo, para una nueva investigación.nLa cual ya pasó a manos del ilustre equipo británicon\"ScotlandnYard\" Se podía observar un estante lleno denlibros de todas las clases: literatura pre-renacentista,nrenacentista, barroca, neoclásica, romántica,ninglesa..., novelas, grandes filósofos, matemáticos,nquímicos (entre ellos alquimistas) y físicos:nAristóteles, Sócrates, Pitágoras, Heráclito,nHomero, Platón, Sofos, Antoine Lavossier, Louis Pasteur,nAlbert Einstein, Isaac Newton, Nicolas Flamel, entre otrosndistinguidos y renombrados autores, destacaban sin duda Shakespeare ynGustavo Adolfo Bécquer, cada uno maestro de lo suyo,nfinalmente llegando a Miguel Cervantes Saavedra con su ilustre \"ElnIngenioso Hidalgo: Don Quijote de la Mancha\" Al otro lado de lanhabitación, se veían textos únicamente novelasnde misterio y casos policíacos, destacaba sobre todo elnmaestro del misterio, el estadounidense –autor romanticistantambién- Edgar Allan Poe. Sin mencionar algunas obras de arte:nLa última cena –Leonardo Da Vinci- LanVirgen del Jilguero –Rafael- y el Juicio Final de Miguel Ángel,nparadójicamente al lado de la obra de Rafael. Pero a pesar de la célebre colecciónnde vanguardia y resplandor, en lo más recóndito de lanhabitación se hallaba un desordenado escritorio con seisnlibros sobre él y miles de papeles encima. Una cabecilla se podía débilmentenasomarse, aquella persona se hallaba durmiendo, fue cuando un sonidonconocido interfirió en su descanso. -\"¿s...si? ¿diga?\"-respondiónaún soñoliento, sobándose los ojos –\"si,nteniente Fache, ¿qué no atendí su llamado? Mendisculpará notablemente tenía un asunto pendiente en elnayuntamiento hoy por la mañana, ya sé que me ha estadonllamando incontables veces por lo del caso \"Da Vinci\" pero me fueninútil contactarlo en la mañana, aunque Londresnconserva la misma hora de Paris\" Suspiró, el agente francésnacababa de murmurar un agravio –seguramente- en su idioma, a lo quenLiam Holmes no le quiso prestar atención –o tal vez estabanmuy cansado- ya que manejaba un excelente francés. -\"si, de acuerdo.. dígale a Collet quenesté al tanto de todo, nos vemos la próximansemana\"-respondió un poco más despierto Volvió a suspirar, la semana habíansido terrible, Bezu Fache lo había llamado exactamente hacenuna semana y media para informarle que dos fugitivos: un profesornnorteamericano, Robert Langdon y una mujer parisina Sophie Neveunhabían escapado de Paris y se dirigían a Londres enncompañía de un inglés, un historiador LeighnTeabing y su mayordomo. Aquellos informes eran lo que adornaban sunescritorio esa noche, se sorprendió, pues Teabing es.. –onera- una de las personalidades más representativas de Londres,nél mismo lo había conocido personalmente en unanceremonia hacía meses. Y no sólo eso, Teabing era unnhistoriador sumamente conocido, por la búsqueda del \"Sangreal\"na él mismo le llamaba la atención toda aquellanhistoria, y últimamente estaba indagando sobre él –dadonque los seis libros eran sobre la historia del Sangreal, dos de ellosnde Teabing- Los mantenía escondidos pues algunos textos ibannen contra de la religión católica. No se considerabanexplícitamente ateo sin embargo sentía que compartíanalgunas cosas con Nietzche. De todas maneras, el caso estaba resuelto. Sólonle faltaba cerrar el caso en Londres con lo que haría lo mismonFache en Paris. Sonó el teléfono otra vez,ncomenzaba a jurar que iba a desconectar ese aparato horrendo, en sunmente dirigió una pequeña maldición a AlexandernGraham Bell por haberlo inventado años antes. -\"¿diga?\"-su voz ya no sonabansoñolienta, más bien con algo de enojo -\"agente Holmes\"-dijo la voz que proveníandel auricular –\"¿ya recibió el periódiconesta mañana?\" -\"aún no lo he vistonteniente\"-respondió con una pizca de dejadez –\"si a esonse refiere... ya sabe que me estoy ocupando de cerrar el caso \"DanVinci\" Bezu Fache me hostiga día y noche hasta acabar conntoda la papelería aquí en Londres\" -\"olvídese de eso\" -\"¿qué? ¿a qué senrefiere?\"-preguntó con cierta curiosidad, la verdad lenestaba cansando trabajar en el caso \"Da Vinci\" después quenTeabing se auto culpara de los asesinatos cometidos aduciendo locura. Como se predijo, nadie le creyó. Teabingnhabía formulado con gran precisión un plan que en todosnlos casos, aseguraba su inocencia. Una alienado jamás podríanhaberlo planeado, un punto en contra de Teabing. En fin, su mente continuó con el diálogonhacia su superior. -\"agente Holmes, hay otro casonesperándolo...\" Cortó la conversación, elncansancio de la noche anterior había desaparecido porncompleto, corrió bajando las escalera con mucha prisa,ndescolgó su abrigo de color camello del vestíbuloncogiendo un paraguas, sin decir una palabra más saliónde la casa.[Chapter 3] Capítulo II Los principales sospechosos. El Big Ben dio sus respectivas 6 campanadas, las nubes se movían precipitadamente aquellas eran de un color grisáceo indicando que pronto llovería. Los comercios habían comenzado a cerrar y una espesa nube cubría la capital londinense, pero no era lo mismo para la Biblioteca Nacional. Habían exactamente 17 personas dentro de la enorme Biblioteca, incluyendo las dos bibliotecarias y los cinco empleados de mantenimiento. Los cuales estaban dispuestos a quedarse toda la noche si era posible para ayudar al detective Liam Holmes. Liam Holmes era un renombrado detective parte del equipo del Scotland Yard, él sólo a pesar de sus 26 años recién cumplidos había resuelto casos, los cuales no habían sido capaces de resolver los detectives de mayor rango que él. Actualmente estaba cerrando un caso que había movido parte de Francia e Inglaterra uniendo a sus capitales respectivamente, el caso \"Da Vinci\". Anteriormente había también cerrado un caso conocido como \"ICE MAN\", cuyo protagonista se encargaba de asesinar y violar a pequeños niños a sangre fría, el culpable resultó ser un desorbitado profesor de la Universidad de Cambridge quien al verse acorralado no tuvo otra opción más que declarar su culpabilidad. Estos hechos no sólo habían logrado hacer ascender al joven detective, si no que también lo habían hecho famoso en Europa central. Ahora el detective se encontraba resolviendo un caso, que al parecer había pasado a sus manos, pues sus colegas aún no podían detener al asesino: el caso \"Jack, el Destripador\" se abría de nuevo. Hace un mes, más o menos le habían informado sobre que este peculiar asesino sólo atacaba a prostitutas, las asesinaba de una manera tan horrenda que los expertos se habían quedado estupefactos al presenciar las pruebas. No podía ser cualquier persona, sólo alguien que tuviera conocimientos de medicina o posiblemente un carnicero –pero era poco probable- , es decir, las sospechas se limitaban a un profesional. Su razón era desconocida, otra pista de gran importancia era que el asesino había establecido un cuidadoso perímetro los asesinatos ocurrieron en una zona de 2,6 km2, que comprendía Whitechapel, Stepney y la City de Londres. Este dato curioso acababa de romperse la noche pasada, ya que el asesino había pasado del límite, pero la hora era la misma, la medianoche. Se habían puesto numerables guardias en la zona sin éxito. Y cuando pensaban que ya se había afirmado la muerte de Jack –un abogado que se decía que estaba demente- con este asesinato se descartaba totalmente y se aducía la inocencia del difunto procurador. Contempló la ventana que daba directamente al Gran Ben sus agujas marcaban las seis de la tarde con trece minutos exactamente, se sobó los ojos, había pasado casi toda la noche pasada indagando todo lo relacionado con Jack, el destripador. Esa misma mañana, después de 7 llamadas de Bezu Fache al fin cerró el caso \"Da Vinci\", un respiro sin duda, el excéntrico investigador francés había dejado de pisarle los talones. Lo cierto era que el \"toro\" era realmente horrendo. En la tarde, el tiempo sólo le había alcanzado para dirigirse a la jefatura local y hablar con algunos miembros de los encargados de los asesinatos del destripador. La lista que ahora portaba en mano era de los siete principales sospechosos, nombres los cuales le habían dado en la jefatura. El primero era el príncipe Albert Victor, duque de Clarence, hijo mayor del príncipe de Gales y segundo en la línea de sucesión al trono británico, él cual se creía que sufría de demencia –obviamente los médicos reales lo iban a negar hasta la muerte, algo que creían era para salvar su propio cuello-; sir William Gull, médico personal de la reina Victoria; James K. Stephen, tutor del príncipe Albert Victor en la Universidad de Cambridge; Montague John Druitt, él acababa ser descartado por su repentina muerte; el doctor Neill Cream; Nathan Kaminsky, un ciudadano judío y Michael Ostrog, un comerciante de Liverpool. Era suficiente información por el momento, dejó reposando su taza de café sobre el amplio escritorio de la sala de estudio de la enorme biblioteca. Despidiéndose cordialmente de los 7 empleados, salió otra vez. Pero ahora era totalmente diferente, se dirigía a la escena del crimen. Londres, 28 de noviembre de 1888 \"No tengo tiempo aún para deciros, cómo me he convertido en un asesino, Pero ya sabréis cuando llegue el momento, que soy uno de los pilares de la sociedad.\" Jack, el Destripador Fue lo que había leído George Lusk esa mañana en el ya mencionado diario \"Times\", dos días después del último asesinato. Otra vez, como mofándose de él, el asesino mandaba otra de sus conocidas cartas de muerte. No sólo había ido a parar a manos de la policía ni de las suyas, es más como lo demostraba la prensa, también habría llegado a sus manos. Lo que más le incomodaba esa mañana era que, ésta era la segunda vez que el destripador le jugaba una mala pasada. Anteriormente había recibido una carta, no de manera amenazante era más bien algún tipo de broma –sólo que esta no lo era- es más se le había adjuntado un cuidadoso presente, la mitad del riñón de una de las víctimas. \"Desde el infierno, señor Lusk, le envío la mitad del riñón que tomé de una mujerzuela, y que conservé para usted después de freír el otro. Estaba muy bueno, de verdad\" No sólo era ese \"aviso\" del asesino. George Lusk se había quedado completamente atónito al observar la que se creía era el \"último crimen de Jack, el Destripador\", el asesinato de Marie Kelly, también prostituta y alcohólica, ocurrido el pasado 9 de noviembre. Fue asesinada en su habitación que alquilaba en la calle Miller's Court nº 13 de Whitechapel. La mujer fue encontrada tendida de espaldas sobre su lecho, desnuda, con las orejas, la nariz y los senos arrancados. Su vientre abierto y las vísceras repartidas por diferentes partes de la estancia. En una mesa cercana el cruel asesino dejó expuestos los riñones. Faltaba la parte inferior del tronco y el útero. El corazón tampoco fue hallado. Toda la habitación estaba cubierta de sangre; las paredes manchadas. Era sin duda una situación muy ilustrativa de las \"habilidades\" y hasta donde puede llegar, este asesino. Acababa de cerrar el periódico que estaba leyendo –supuestamente, ya que su mente se había dedicado a vagar a través del tiempo hasta el día del asesinato de aquella mujer- y su carruaje se detenía. Observó detenidamente su reloj varias veces, como si estuviera completamente ciego, frotándose los ojos bajó cuidadosamente del carruaje y contempló con sus ojos la figura de un joven que se hallaba parado cerca de la orilla del Támesis. -\"llega un poco tarde, señor Lusk\"- fue el saludo de aquel joven –\"mucho gusto mi nombre es Liam Holmes\" -\"he oído mucho acerca de usted, detective Holmes. Según expertos es el mejor en su rango a pesar de su edad\" -\"agradezco mucho la deferencia que tiene hacia mi persona, espero poder ser de gran ayuda para que esta investigación prospere\" -\"pienso lo mismo\" -\"aquí fue encontrado el cuerpo de la mujer ¿verdad?\"-dijo dándose la vuelta comenzando a observar el área –\"es notable que no fue asesinada aquí\" -\"¿cómo lo sabe?\" -\"pues porque no hay indicios de lucha alguna, observe... ninguna rama rota, ninguna parte del gras marchito, según lo que observo al parecer nosotros somos las primeras personas que pasamos por aquí, excluyendo a los que sacaron el cadáver por supuesto\"-se acababa de arrodillar observando las plantas del lugar –\"de haber habido una lucha o forcejeo el ambiente se hubiese deteriorado de alguna manera\" -\"usted insinúa que el asesino arrojó el cuerpo al agua desde algún otro lugar\" -\"no lo insinúo, lo afirmo, le aseguro que sus hombres están buscando pistas en el lugar equivocado\" -\"excelente respuesta¿qué sugiere?\" -\"considerendo que la corriente del Támesis no estaba tan fuerte, y suponiendo que el cadáver haya sido arrojado, o se haya deslizado por alguna manera al río considerando que era la medianoche, calculo yo...\" -\"¿utiliza principios físicos?\" -\"¿por qué no? El cadáver fue hallado a tempranas horas¿me digo 7 de la mañana?. Ha recorrido exactamente un promedio de 7 horas, con la velocidad del Támesis que es... lo que se conocería como 'velocidad por tiempo es igual a la distancia recorrida'\" -\"alrededor de un kilómetro\" -\"mucho menos, yo diría unos 867 metros, provenientes de...\" -\"coincide con Whitechapel...\" -\"exacto, después de todo, el asesino no se movió mucho en cuanto al perímetro establecido por él mismo\"-continuó Liam Holmes -\"¿por qué asegura que vino de esa dirección y no de la otra?\"-preguntó Lusk, con un tono cómico, sabiendo la respuesta que era por demás obvia -\"señor Lusk, debe de estar jugándome una broma, cualquiera sabría esa respuesta\" -\"¿la sabe usted?\" -\"porque la corriente del Támesis se dirige hacia un solo lugar, excluyendo remolinos y uno que otra situación que indique lo contrario, estamos hablando de términos generales\"-respondió con la mayor comodidad del mundo. -\"lo estaba probando, no sólo es un gran detective, señor Holmes, también es un excelente físico\" -\"no lo llamaría así, señor Lusk, yo lo conozco como \"cultura general\"\" -\"¿renunció sir Charles Warren?\"-preguntó asombrado la voz de Liam Holmes al día siguiente -\"¿por qué crees que el caso de Jack, el destripador ha pasado a nuestras manos?\"-se escuchó la voz que provenía del auricular Liam Holmes sabía que sir Charles Warren era una de las celebridades más reconocidas en el mundo policiaco –si a eso se le puede conocer como \"mundo\"- era una de las pocas veces que se sorprendía de tal manera. Él hubiese jurado que Warren duraría toda una eternidad, pero estaba equivocado, precisamente ese 12 de noviembre, el personaje había presentado su dimisión a la Cámara de los Comunes. -\"¿sigue allí, agente Holmes?\" -\"si, continúe teniente lo escucho\" -\"a lo que me refiero es que debe acercarse, por lo menos a su oficina en busca de información\" -\"¿insinua que regrese al Scotland Yard?\" -\"exactamente, después de todo necesitamos de su ayuda y usted de la nuestra para resolver estos asesinatos, no es adecuado que trabajando para una institución como la nuestra, este todo el día en la biblioteca o en su residencia, agente Holmes\" -\"de acuerdo, mañana iré a la oficina, espero que me tenga buenas noticias, teniente, mejores que las que acabo de recibir\" -\"no lo dude, hasta entonces\" El joven detective, se sentó en la mullida silla la cual estaba detrás suyo, como detestaba ir a su oficina, no era por el personal, ya que todos se alegraban y se portaban muy a gusto cuando lo veían llegar –lo cual era raro- . Era porque era blanco fácil de las presiones de su jefe, el teniente Macnaghten, con quien había estado hablando minutos antes. Prefería mil veces trabajar tranquilamente en la comodidad de su hogar que en su oficina privada. Principalmente, porque no vivía nadie aparte de él, así no tendría que escuchar ruido alguno si lo deseaba. A pesar de su carácter afable le agradaba la soledad. Suspiró, recordó cuando iba todos los días al Scotland Yard, era cuando estudiaba en la escuela para formación de detectives, hacía 6 años. Pero bueno, mañana era otro día, sin darse cuenta se quedó completamente dormido.[Chapter 4] Capítulo III El Scotland Yard Hagamos un poco de historia y tratemos denrecordar. \"¿qué es el Scotland Yard?\" El \"Scotland Yard\" esnpues, elnnombre popular que recibe la sede de la policía metropolitananlondinense, y en especial su Departamento de InvestigaciónnCriminal. El nombre deriva del pequeño lugar en elnque estuvo ubicada la sede desde 1829, que a su vez recibió elnnombre de un palacio medieval donde se hospedaban los reyes y reinasnde Escocia durante sus visitas a Londres. La costumbre de llamarnScotland Yard tanto a la sede como a sus oficiales empezó pocondespués de que la policía londinense fuera reorganizadanen 1829 por el estadista británico sir Robert Peel. Sin duda alguna el Scotland Yard goza de famanmundial desde hace muchos años. El Departamento denInvestigación Criminal es conocido por sus rigurosasnactividades a partir de avanzadas técnicas de investigación.nA menudo se requieren sus servicios para ayudar a la policíanlocal a resolver casos de asesinato. Scotland Yard mantiene además unanoficina de recogida de antecedentes criminales, laboratoriosnforenses, una escuela para la formación de detectives, unndepartamento de información criminal, así como brigadasnde estupefacientes y contra el fraude fiscal. Junto a la labor quenrealiza en la detección del crimen, Scotland Yard dirige todasnlas actividades policiales metropolitanas, incluso el control delntráfico. El detective Liam Holmes entró en sunoficina, después de los saludos de las amables secretarias ynsus colegas. No le agradaba estar allí, pues tendríanque obedecer ordenes y ordenes. Encontró un gran expedientenencima de su escritorio. Sonó el intercomunicador –el cual lonactivaba su secretaria-. \"agente Holmes, hay una llamadanesperándolo\" -\"¿qué sucede, Dyane?\"-preguntón–\"¿quién es?\" -\"un hombre llamado... William Wonka\" -\"¿Wonka?\"-preguntóninstintivamente Liam Holmes –\"ah si lo recuerdo, solucionénun caso suyo hace unos meses\" -\"¿lo comunico?\" -\"seguro\" Después de unos segundos, la llamadanhabía sido trasferida y Liam Holmes hablaba con Willy Wonka. -\"señor Wonka, le agradaránsaber que Slugworth esta bajo custodia, por un equipo especial delnScotland Yard\"-le aseguró el detective –\"no pudo oponernresistencia, le aseguro que ni sus más hábiles abogadosnpodrán sacarlo de este lío\" -\"no esperaba más de usted, señornHolmes\" Pasaron breves instantes y llegó elnmomento de que la llamara se cortara. Liam comenzó a ojear lasnprimeras páginas de los archivos que tenía en frente densí. Sin saberlo, un texto atrajo su atención. Era unntema de psicología, ¿qué extraño?n¿psicología? La infancia puede traer repercusiones Se ha demostrado con innumerables pruebas quenel comportamiento ya sea agresivo o pasivo en la infancia puede crearnserios problemas cuando se llega a la adultez, según sea cualnel escenario o ambiente en la que se viva. Charles Darwin ha aplicado esta teoríanobservando un grupo de niños en un medio hostil, y otro gruponde niños en situaciones acomodadas, hasta la edad de los 12naños, inicio de la adolescencia, ambos grupos presentan losnmismos cambios físicos, mas no lo cambios psicológicosnni actitudes. Ya sea por iniciativa o por... -\"disculpa, creo que encontraste minnoticia\"-dijo una joven bajo del dintel de la puerta de su oficinan–\"lo siento, soy nueva... mi nombre es Mireille Butler\" -\"soy Liam Holmes... ah disculpa...\" -\"si lo sé, quiero decir, mucho guston¿qué pasa?\" -\"¿por casualidad tendrás algúnnparentesco con...?\" -\"Samuel Butler, pues si, él es minpadre, no sabía que lo conocía\" -\"de hecho, no, pero estoy leyendo esta\"-lenmostró un libro con tapa de un color oro rojo, que decíanen la portada \"La prueba de la resurrección de Jesucristo\"npor Samuel Butler -\"vaya, que coincidencia, de todas maneras,nesta era mi noticia, estoy redactando algo sobre Charles Darwin\" -\"¿eres reportera?\"-anuncióncon un poco de sorpresa -\"no, para nada, es bueno informarse ¿noncree usted?\"-rió-\"de todas maneras me tengo que ir,ngracias\" Continuó con su lectura. Abriendo elnsiguiente libro que estaba sobre su escritorio, era acerca delnpríncipe Alberto Víctor, era su biografíancompleta. Lo que se llegaba a considerar comonfrivolidades, algo que si le llamaba la atención era que sencreía que el príncipe sufría de una malndeformación mental que impedía que se tomara dedicionesnimportantes en cuanto a su persona u algún otro hecho. No se le consideraba \"demente\" sin embargo,nse decía que no podía obrar por sí mismo, ya quenhabía cometido –según lo que la corte hablaba- unonque otro... contratiempo en su haber. Sin duda, la monarquía inglesa era lonsuficientemente orgullosa para admitir que el heredero al trononestaba enfermo o sin condiciones para gobernar como se debe un país.nLo cual parecía una gran sandez. Al fin y al cabo, los reyesnno nacían para gobernar –como se hacía creer alnpueblo-, los políticos eran lo que gobernaban el país.nLos monarcas sólo servían de pantalla o simplemente denatavío. -\"... soy uno de los pilares de la sociedad\" Era la frase que había escrito el diarionesa mañana. Había algo escondido en esa frase, como unnjuego de palabras, la criptografía sería una muy buenanherramienta en este caso Descartó la idea unos segundos después,nlos siete sospechosos, bueno la mayoría de ellos erannrenombrados políticos y figuras del entorno inglés. Si era cierto lo que se mencionaba en elndiario, quedarían descartados el judío y el comerciantende Liverpool. Lo que restaba la lista de 7na 4 personas (excluyendo a JohnnDruitt) Sonó el intercomunicador otra vez. -\"¿qué sucede, Dyane?\" -\"detective, el teniente Macnaghten necesitanhablar con usted\" -\"¿ahora?\" -\"es urgente, parece que ha ocurrido otronasesinato\"[Chapter 5] Capítulo IV Las víctimas Horas antes Liam había recogido lasnanotaciones que los policías habían redactado durantenlos primeros asesinatos, lo cual era en sí favorable para susninvestigaciones. Conocer a las víctimas deberíanayudarlo en algo. \"Whitechapel es conocido como uno de losnpeores distritos de todo Londres. En las calles, hombres, mujeres ynniños arrastran una vida de pobreza y delincuencia en la quenmuchas veces el único alivio es el que puede ofrecerles unanbotella de alcohol barato. Los callejones oscuros desembocaban en baresnmugrientos y burdeles miserables en los que algunas mujeres senganaban la vida ofreciendo su cuerpo. Fue precisamente aquí, en el East Endnlondinense, donde tuvo lugar el breve reinado de terror del temidondescuartizador que firmaba sus crímenes como \"Jack elnDestripador\". Su primer crimen oficial, por asíndecirlo, el que reconocen todas las crónicas, tuvo lugar el 31nde agosto, aunque en su día se sospechó que por lonmenos dos asesinatos anteriores menos publicitados habríannsido también obra suya. Ese día estaba amaneciendo muynlánguidamente. Las calles todavía estaban sombrías,ny a pesar del frío algún que otro caminante comenzaba ancircular por el barrio. Uno de ellos distingue a lo lejos el cuerpo denuna mujer tendido en el suelo que a primera vista parecíandesmayada, pero cuando se acerca para tratar de ayudarla, ve que unasnterribles heridas la habían casi decapitado. Horrorizado, no deja pasar un minuto y avisa alnprimer policía que hacía su ronda por el barrio, quiénnacompañado de un médico distingue bajo la luz de unanlinterna que la muerte le había sido provocada por dos golpesncon arma blanca que le habían seccionado la tráquea ynel esófago. El cuerpo, todavía caliente en partes,nindicaba que el momento del crimen no debía de haber sido denmás de media hora antes de haber encontrado el cuerpo. Tras un examen más detallado en la salande necropsias, descubren además que había sidonbrutalmente golpeada en la mandíbula inferior izquierdan-posiblemente por una persona zurda-, y que su abdomen habíansido mutilado. Por lo demás, el asesino no habíandejado otras pistas tras de sí, ni testigos, ni el armanhomicida. Ninguno de los vecinos oyó nada, lo que parecíansumamente extraño. El forense había supuesto que antes denrealizarle los cortes, el asesino le habría cortado el cuelloninterfiriendo con las cuerdas vocales así, impidiendo quengritara u emitiera sonido alguno. La identificación de la víctimanno fue tarea fácil, aunque unos días después sunpadre y su ex marido identifican el cuerpo de una mujer de 42 años,nprostituta, llamada Anne Mare Nichols y conocida como \"Polly\". Polly había estado casada y teníancinco niños, pero su adicción al alcohol habíanhecho que su matrimonio se rompiera. Desde entonces, sola, habíanvivido de sus pobres ingresos de prostituta. El lunes 6 de agosto, varias semanas antes delnprimer crimen oficial del Destripador, Marta Tabram, una prostitutande 39 años, había sido hallada muerta con 39 puñaladas;ny algunos meses antes, Emma Smith, una prostituta 45 años,nhabía sido agredida salvajemente en la cabeza y le habíannintroducido un objeto en la vagina. Seguramente estos dos crímenes no teníannnada que ver con nuestro asesino, más que nada porque la firmandel Destripador era más ritualista que los simples golpes ynpuñaladas, pero aún así, el terror ya se habíanapoderado de las almas de los habitantes del distrito de Whitechapel. Annie Chapman era una mujer sin hogar propionque vivía en pensiones comunes cuando disponía dendinero para el alojamiento de una noche, y cuando no era así,nse dedicaba a vagar por las calles en busca de clientes que lenproporcionasen alguna moneda para bebida, refugio y alimento. No siempre había sido así, unosnaños antes estaba casada y con tres niños, pero todosnmurieron, unos por enfermedad y otros por accidente. Fue un golpe muynduro, nunca se repuso. Así, en estado de depresiónnpermanente comenzó a beber para sobrellevar su soledad. Suncuerpo fue hallado mutilado en la calle del Mercado de Spitalfields anlas 6 de la mañana, y nadie había ido testigo de losnhechos. Su intestino estaba en el suelo entre un granncharco de sangre y una profunda incisión cruzaba su cuello denlado a lado. Todo parecía indicar que habíansido asesinada en ese mismo sitio. No había señales dendefensa por parte de la víctima, y lo curioso es que cerca densu cadáver se encontraron un pequeño pañuelo, unnpeine y un cepillo de dientes, que parecían haber sidoncolocados en un orden concreto por el asesino. Según el médico forense que vionel cadáver, el asesino había agarrado a Annie por lanbarbilla y la había degollado por la espalda de izquierda anderecha, y por la fuerza empleada, posiblemente con la tentativa dendecapitarla. Eso le había causado la muerte. Las otras heridas infligidas y las mutilacionesnabdominales habían sido realizadas post mortem: el abdomennhabía sido abierto para extraer la vagina, el útero ynla vejiga, que no fueron hallados. Las incisiones eran limpias, como si se tratasendel trabajo de un experto en anatomía, o por lo menos el denalguien con los conocimientos anatómicos y la habilidadnsuficiente para poder abrir el cuerpo y extraer los órganosncon mucho cuidado de no dañar otras partes internas. El instrumento utilizado parecía ser unncuchillo estrecho con lámina fina y muy afilada, la clase dencuchillo que utilizaban los cirujanos o los carniceros másnparecido a un escalpelo. Una señora de nombre Elizabeth Long quense dirigía al mercado esa mañana, pudo aportar unntestimonio valioso: a las cinco y media de la madrugada habíanvisto a un hombre conversando con una prostituta que identificóncomo Annie Chapman. Lamentablemente el hombre estaba de espaldas ynno pudo ver su rostro, pero sí distinguió la silueta denun hombre de unos 40 años, elegante, que portaba un sombrero ynun abrigo oscuros. La hora de la muerte se estimó entoncesnentre las cinco y media y las seis de la mañana, hora en lanque fue descubierto el cadáver, lo que significaba que elnasesino actuaba rápidamente y con gran precisión. Elndomingo 30 de septiembre, se descubría otro cadáver ennla calle Berner sobre la una de la mañana. Tras pedir ayuda anla policía, vieron que se trataba de una mujer, cuyas faldasnhabían sido levantadas por encima de sus rodillas. Lanjoven prostituta fue identificada como Elizabeth Stride, de origennsueco, que había venido a Inglaterra para ganarse la vida trasnel fallecimiento de su marido y sus dos hijos en un accidentenmarítimo. Estanvez, varios testigos declararon haberla visto momentos antes de sunmuerte acompañada por un hombre de unos treinta añosncon pelo y bigote negros, vestido con un abrigo negro y un sombreronalto, que portaba un bulto, como un maletín habíannafirmado\" Liamnanotó los datos en una pequeña libreta de cuero.nPosiblemente el hombre que aparecía descrito era Jack, ElnDestripador, aquellas descripciones se asemejaban a las que habíandescrito Elizabeth Long días antes. \"Mientrasnla policía se enfrenta al hallazgo de este nuevo cadáver,na pocas calles allí un guarda nocturno descubre el cuerpo denotra víctima degollada...\" –era lo que se mencionaba en elndiario matutino. \"Sunabdomen había sido abierto y los intestinos se encontraban ennel suelo, además tenía varias heridas por todo elncuerpo. Losnmiembros estaban todavía calientes, la data de la muerte nondebía ser de más de media hora desde el descubrimientondel cadáver. Nonhabía otros indicios más que un escrito con tiza blancansobre una pared que decía: \"No hay porque culpar a losnjudíos\", supuestamente obra del asesino. Antes de que la inscripción pudiese sernfotografiada, el Comisario de la Policía londinense CharlesnWarren ordenó que fuese borrada, según él porquense trataba de una falsa pista del criminal tratando de culpabilizar anla comunidad judía, y si algún londinense lo leía,npodía provocar una revuelta contra ellos. ¿negligenciano cautela?\" Ante tal dislate de Warren. Liam Holmesncontinuó con su lectura –tan sólo eran recortes denperiódicos baratos y uno que otro informe de la policía \"La víctima era Kate Eddowes, quienncomo las demás, tenía por oficio el de la prostituciónny como afición, la bebida. Sus padres habían muerto cuando ella eranjoven y a los 16 años se fue a vivir con un hombre, con quiénntendría tres hijos. Los malos tratos por parte de éstenobligaron a que se fuera de casa, y su adicción al alcohol lanobligó a alquilar su cuerpo en las calles. Como en las muertes de Polly Nichols y AnnienChapman, la garganta de Kate había sido degollada de izquierdana derecha, le habían seccionado el vientre y extraídonalgunos órganos, entre ellos uno de los riñones. Después de esto, las cosas parecieronnvolver a la normalidad en Whitechapel. No hubo ningún otronasesinato durante un mes y las prostitutas regresaron a las callesnmás tranquilas. Desgraciadamente, la paz duró poco, puesnel 9 de noviembre otra mujer apareció salvajemente asesinada. Se trataba de Mary Kelly, una atractiva jovennde 21 años que se dedicaba a la prostitución para podernmantenerse a ella misma y a su pareja, que se encontraba sin trabajo. Esa mañana, el locatario subió anla habitación de Mary para cobrar el alquiler mensual, peronnadie contestó a su llamada. Decidió abrir la puerta élnmismo, horrorizándose por lo que descubrió... Sin duda era el crimen más violento denJack el Destripador. El cadáver estaba tumbado sobre la camancon múltiples heridas de arma blanca, completamente mutilado yncon la arteria carótida seccionada. La ferocidad de este asesinato asombró anlos cirujanos veteranos de policía. El médico forensennecesitó varias páginas para redactar el informe de lasnlesiones y órganos extraídos. Este asesinato creó el pániconabsoluto en el barrio, haciendo estallar episodios esporádicosnde violencia en la muchedumbre.\" \"La actividad policial era frenética,ncada rincón fue registrado, cada sospechoso detenido eninterrogado a fondo, pero no por eso la policía dejaba de sernduramente criticada.\" Realizó un acápite en este últimantira de periódico, si la policía hubiera sido aúnnmás meticulosa lo más probable es que lo hubierannatrapado y así el caso no pasaría a las manos delnScotland Yard y al fin tendría sus merecidas vacaciones quenestaba pidiendo desde hacía unos meses. Sonriónsarcástico, pensando que jamás obtendría esasnvacaciones, para el Scotland Yard era una pieza clave. Volvió a la realidad. El carruaje senacababa de detener y un oficial le abría la puerta, lo saludóncordialmente avisándole que llegaba al lugar donde se habíanencontrado la última víctima.[Chapter 6] Capítulo V La novena víctima La sangre chorreaba de las paredes de lanhabitación. Aquel líquido espeso se habíanquedado marcado en algunas partes de la estancia. Un olor a muerte senexpandía por toda la habitación. Los investigadores nonpodían abrir las ventanas puesto a que se corría elnriesgo de llegar a modificar algún indicio en la escena delncrimen, pero un hedor a putrefacción comenzaba a sentirse,ndicho aroma habría sido el que había atraído anlos vecinos ese día. Aparte de la sangre ya mencionada, los órganosnde la victima se encontraban esparcidos en el cuarto de alquiler. Faltaba el útero –incluyendo losnovarios-, los dos pulmones y una parte del intestino grueso. Elncorazón estaba partido a la mitad colocado sobre la mesa juntona un riñon, la otra parte del corazón se hallaba en lasncenizas que había dejado una fogata la noche del asesinato. La víctima se encontraba tendida sobrenel lecho completamente desnuda –similar al caso de Marie Kelly-,nsin la nariz y una oreja. Cabe mencionar que esta vez, Jack, elndestripador, no había degollado a la victima, más biennla había ahorcado o le habría provocado una hemorragia,npues para ahorcarla, le había abierto el vientre dejandonexpuestos los intestinos, con el cual le había ahorcado. Sinnvacilación había sido una muerte horrenda, sangrienta ynsobretodo lenta. -\"hemos dejado la escena tal y cual nosnexplicó teniente Macnaghten\"- explicó un guardia quenestaba afuera de la residencia –\"tambien alejamos a algunosnvecinos, para que no puedan interferir en las investigaciones delnScotland Yard\" -\"muchas gracias, señor Gasper, lenagradezco su ayuda, ¿forense determino la muerte?\"-preguntó -\"aún no se sabe, dice que pudo habernsido por ahorcamiento o por desangre lo que haya ocurrido másnrápido, como dijo sólo el forense entró a lanestancia\" -\"buen trabajo, ahora...\" -\"teniente Macnaghten, acababa de llegar elndetective Holmes\" -\"buenas tardes, me mandó a llamar\"-senacercó con su apacible voz –\"¿qué dijo elnforense?\" -\"La difunta yace sobre su lado izquierdo, suncara mira hacia la pared derecha. Sus piernas han sido separadas. Lanmano derecha está abierta sobre el pecho y cubierta de sangre,ny la izquierda está parcialmente cerrada sobre el suelo. En elnvientre hay una larga incisión que comienza sobre el ladonizquierdo, 2 ½ pulgadas por debajo ombligo casi en líneanrecta, seccionando el tejido muscular perfectamente\"-leyó lanbitácora que había dejado el forense media hora antesn–\"también se aclara que...\" -\"entendí completamente, muchasngracias, veamos la escena del crimen\" -\"ah... agente Holmes\"-dijo el señornGasper –\"no se puede ingresar a la escena del crimen a menosnque...\" -\"tranquilícese señor Gasper,nconfío en el agente Holmes, él es el único enntodo Londres quien es capaz de solucionar este misterio que lanpolicía local no pudo\"-dijo en un comentario iróniconMacnaghten. Lo que provocó un mohín de disgusto en elnoficial de policía. El ambiente era de muerte sin duda. La victimanestaba en la postura que había descrito el forense. -\"¿cuándo fue encontrada?\" -\"esta misma mañana, al parecer elncrimen se produjo entre las 2 y 3 de la madrugada, cuando la...nvíctima estaba descansando, lo más extraño fuenque nadie se dio cuenta de nada, como su el asesino hubiera entradonpor alguna ventana o simplemente aparecido por arte denmagia\"-respondió Macnaghten –\"sabemos que la únicanventana no pudo entrar, estamos en el tercer piso y la construcciónnes muy frágil, cualquiera que hubiera trepado, hubieranresultado gravemente herido\" Era verdad, la construcción eranprecaria, y sólo había un descampado debajo de los tresnpisos. -\"¿llave?\" -\"sólo la tenía la víctimany el arrendador, por supuesto, le preguntamos y nos dijo que no lenhabía dado la llave a nadie, que la conservaba aún ennsu bolsillo desde la noche anterior en el que el cuarto habíansido alquilado\" -\"¿nombre?\" -\"estamos por identificarla, es una desgracianque no pidan el nombre cuando se alquila un cuarto por estos barrios,nnos cuesta mucho\" -\"comprendo, sólo puedo ver que fuenasesinado brutalmente... el asesino se paseó por acá\"-dijonuna especie de ronda y caminó en circulos –\"artísticamente,nse puede ver aún el barro en los zapatos junto con cenizas, nonsólo eso...\" -\"agente Holmes\"-entró George Luskn–\"teniente Macnaghten, buenas tardes me acabo de enterar, fuenhorrendo\" -\"el más sangriento de todos, señornLusk\"-afirmó Liam Holmes –\"como decía, todo estonlo hizo después de matarla, tal vez cuando le comenzaba anextraer las vísceras\"-sonrió –\"ya que...\" George Lusk se horrorizaba al observar lanhabitación, sangre por todos lados, las vísceras aúnnesparcidas y comenzando a podrirse. Desesperadamente salióndisparado del cuarto dejando a Liam hablando. -\"continue, agente\"-hablo Macnaghten -\"de acuerdo, como quiera. Obviamente nonpodría haber caminado si en esos instantes la víctimanse estaba defendiendo ¿es lógico no?...\" -\"agente... ¿se esta divirtiendo ancosta mía?\"-repuso Macnaghten al notar el tono de diversiónncon que manejaba Holmes la conversación -\"no.. para nada, pero tengo una pregunta ¿hanconsiderado que los asesinatos fueron cometidos por una mujer?\" -\"¡¡Una mujer!!\"-gritónLusk desde la puerta –\"es completa y enteramente imposible\" -\"piénsenlonun momento, ninguna de las víctimas ha sido violada, debido anlas cuchilladas deducimos que es un hombre zurdo, pero si lonanalizamos detalladamente podríamos decir que las aplicónuna mujer y por eso parecían ser apuntadas por un hombre quenusaba la mano izquierda\" -\"¡no! ¡Es completamente inauditonque un trabajo tan... refinado lo haga una mujer!\"-continuóncon su protesta el señor Lusk –\"es insólito que unanmujer posea alguna enseñanza con respecto a la medicina\" -\"o simplemente por intuición, menrefiero una mujer sabe donde queda exactamente cada órgano densu cuerpo ¿no?, créame puede resultar cierto\" -\"¡me niego a creer que es una mujer!\" -\"esta bien, sólo es una hipótesis,nseñor Lusk, después de todo, ¿quien sospecharíande una mujer? Una coartada bien preparada, pues la policíanbusca a un hombre\" -\"usted lo ha dicho, agente Holmes, nadie lonharía, le he traído lo que me pidió el otro día,npara eso he venido, aunque este lugar me desagrade porncompleto\"-tosió incómodamente volviendo a recuperarnla compostura.[Chapter 7] Capítulo VI Informes policíacos Liam Holmes subió otra vez al carruajenel cual se dirigiría otra vez al Scotland Yard. Le parecíanraro que los medios anunciaran que aún el caso del Destripadornestuviera en manos de la policía desde hace unos díasnlo estaba manejando la organización a la cual élnpertenecía. Aunque se rumoreaba –según el diarion\"Times\"- que el Scotland Yard había dicho que daríanuna recompensa a la persona quien le ayudase a detener al asesino.n¡Patrañas! No se había solicitado absolutamentennada. De todas maneras era Macnaghten quien manejabantodo este asunto, sin embargo se lo hubiera dicho a él,nsimplemente puso aseverar que se trataban de rumores infundados pornlos periodistas. -\"¡han atrapado a Jack, elndestripador!\"-dijo una mujer que se encontraba afuera del vehículo.nEl detective asomó su cabeza por la ventana, se encontraba anmedia cuadra de la Institución. Cuando bajó se encontró con mediandocena de periodistas rodeando el edificio del Scotland Yard, todosntrataban de entrevistar a un hombre de mediana estatura, cabelloncastaño claro y ojos oscuros; de la manera en que se hallabanvestido parecía que no venía de muy buena familia. Súbitamente algunos reporteros senvoltearon para pasar su atención hacia él. No lengustaba las entrevistas, ni las masas, así que optó pornseguir su camino –también no se encontraba de muy buenanhumor- George Lusk había claramente despechado su hipótesisnde que el asesino era una asesina. -\"¿qué sucede?\"-preguntóndejando atrás a los periodistas -\"detective\"-masculló la secretarian–\"lo que sucede es que...\" -\"este asunto nos compendie a nosotros, hemosnatrapado a Jack, el Destripador\"-dijo Macnaghten llegando detrásnde Liam –\"quiero decir, el asesino ha declarado, bueno nonesencialmente el asesino, si no un hombre que fue su cómplice\" -\"¿el hombre que esta afuera?\" -\"exacto\"-dijo con un tono conciliadorn–\"Liam, la verdad quería decir que desde hace dos días,nel Scotland Yard publicó una recompensa para quien diera connel paradero del asesino y ves ahora los resultados, comprendo quendebes de estar un poco... incomodo, pero no has estado mucho tiemponaquí así que...\" -\"¿cómo pueden estar seguros denque tienen al asesino?\"-preguntó tratando de mostrar sunenojo -\"nos contó el lugar de losnasesinatos, además... el hombre afirma que es Jack, elnDestripador\" -\"el lugar lo sabe todo el mundo, llévenmencon él\"-continuó. Macnaghten hizo una señanpara que lo siguiera. Ambos pasaron por un pasadillo levementeniluminado por unos candelabros, hacia varias celdas en las paredes,n-los salones de interrogaciones- -\"¿desde cuando sabes esto?\"-lenesputó claramente con un poco de molestia en su voz -\"desde esta tarde, después de que tendeje hablando con el señor Lusk\"-repuso Macnaghten sinnsentirse incómodo por el tono de voz del joven detective. Tocónla puerta de una de las celdas. -\"señor Macnaghten, detective Holmes,npasen por favor\"-abrió un hombre alto y robusto –\"lesnalegrara saber que hemos hecho \"cantar\" a nuestro asesino\" Liam lo miró, era un hombre delgado ynmacilento –más o menos de 30 años-, daba lanapariencia de ser un muerto. Se acordó de las declaracionesnambas concordaban, pero aquel hombre que estaba delante suyo nonposeía el garbo ni la astucia del que se decía Jack, elnDestripador... \" Pero ya sabréis cuando lleguenel momento, que soy uno de los pilares de lansociedad.\" -\"libérenlo\"-dijo Liam Los peritos lo miraron asombrados –\"perondetective, este hombre ha afirmado ser Jack, el Destripador\" -\"no vale su palabra, observenlo bien, estántotalmente drogado... Seamus Floggther 29 años, practicante denmedicina, además hay muchas otras pruebas que van en contra denque él es asesino\" -\"es un practicante de medicina\"-chillónel hombre que les abrió la puerta –\"pudo ser él, elnasesino\" -\"en Londres hay muchos practicantes denmedicina, pudo ser cualquiera de ellos, y en cuanto a su testimonio,nno es válido... está fuera de sí, libérenlo\" -\"Liam... piénsalo bien\"-respondiónMacnaghten –\"podemos tener al asesino\" -\"ya lo dije, el asesino, no es \"elnasesino\", sino es una ella\" -\"sigues con esa tonta idea, libérenlony recuperen la recompensa\"-dijo Macnaghten haciendo un movimientonde cabeza, entre los dos hombres que estaban la habitaciónnlevantaron a menudo hombre que estaba sentado y lo llevaron hasta elnmismo corredor que minutos antes había sido recorrido pornHolmes y Macnaghten. –\"recuerda que sólo lo hago porquentengo gran confianza en ti y en tus instintos\" -\"no hay que ser adivino para saber que esenhombre estaba fuera de sí, mira los resultados de lan\"recompensa que ofreciste\"\"-le reprochó \"Querido Jefe Macnaghten, desde hacendías oigo que la policía me ha cogido, pero en realidadntodavía no me han pescado. No soporto a cierto tipo de mujeresny no dejaré de destriparlas hasta que haya terminado connellas. El último es un magnífico trabajo, a la dama enncuestión no le dio tiempo a chillar. Me gusta mi trabajo ynestoy ansioso de empezar de nuevo, pronto tendrá noticias míasny de mi gracioso jueguecito...\" Jack el Destripador, desde el Infierno -\"te lo advertí\"-dijo Liam en unntono divertido Macnaghten no pareció escucharlo onsimplemente no le prestó atención. -\"¿leíste lo que el señornLusk te envió?\"-preguntó dejando unos papeles encimande su escritorio –\"si quieres las fichas de los sospechosos, allínlas vas a encontrar la relación que nos pasaste... tambiénnestá\"-tosió incómodamente –\"la informaciónnacerca del príncipe Alberto Víctor\" -\"cambié de opinión, ahora digonque es una mujer\" -\"leéla ¿si? Para que sendespejen esas tontas ideas tuyas\" Liam cogió el fólder de malanmanera y abrió la carpeta, todas las hojas estaban escritasndel puño y letra de George Lusk. \"Montague John Druitt, abogado de 40 años,nhijo de un cirujano de muy buena familia, que desaparecido despuésndel crimen de Mary Kelly y cuyo cuerpo fue hallado despuésnflotando sin vida en el Támesis. Su madre había sido ingresada en unnhospital psiquiátrico poco antes de que él sensuicidara, y en su familia había otros antecedentes denenfermos mentales. Su hermano encontró una nota de suicidionque presentó a la policía local en ella se decíanque Druitt sentía como poco a poco padecería lo mismonque su madre y que lo mejor para no seguir ensuciando el renombre denla familia era morir...\" Considerando los últimosnacontecimientos, se descartaba la culpabilidad de Druitt. Estaba anocheciendo, el Big Ben dio sus sietencampanadas, las cuales se escucharon en todo Londres, la neblinandensa bajaba lentamente hasta llegar a la ciudad fría ynoscura. Liam continuó con su lectura. \"Nathan Kaminsky, un judío polaconresidente en Whitechapel quien se creía que padecía dendemencia.\" \"MichaelnOstrog, médico ruso que además se dedicaba a la estafa.nNo era un delincuente ordinario, era muy inteligente, teníanbuena educación, y en algunas ocasiones durante los juiciosnpor sus delitos, su astucia le había llevado a simular quensufría un trastorno mental, lo que le había salvado denla cárcel en más de una ocasión\" \"Alberto VictornChristian Eduardo, hijo del Rey Eduardo VII y nieto de la ReinanVictoria.\" Centró toda su atención en esanpágina. \"28 años, el joven príncipe esnun apasionado de la caza con todo su ritual y crueldad, aunque nuncanse le consideró como un hombre violento, y era un asiduo denlos prostíbulos.\" \"Sir William Gull, le estaría tratandonla demencia. El príncipe Alberto Victor sufre una graveninestabilidad emocional por sus tendencias homosexuales y se estanvolviendo demente.\" Sin embargo, se dice que el príncipenresidía en Escocia en las fechas de los asesinatos másnimportantes.\" -\"una muy buena coartada, será difícilnaveriguar si es verdad, lo que está escritó aquí\"-pensónsobándose los ojos por el cansancio \"No cuenta con estudios de medicina,nactuales\" \"Sir William Gull, en 1887 sufrió unnataque de parálisis severo que le impedían realizarnprácticas médicas, por lo que se dedica exclusivamentena la enseñanza\"[Chapter 8] Capítulo VII Notas Londres, 13 de diciembre de 1888 Macabros crímenes cobrannvida en Whitechapel Hace una semana exactamente fue hallada ennla habitación que alquilaba el cuerpo de otra mujer cuyonnombre fue Rosellin Jackson Rodil. La policía local se hanreservado los detalles de cómo fue la muerte. El Destripadornha vuelto otra vez a las calles y se dice que los crímenesncontra mujeres de mala vida no cesaran. Testigos oculares dicen que... -\"¿qué hace leyendo el diarionde la semana pasado, detective?\"-preguntó George Lusknacercándose a la banca del parque donde estaba Liam Holmes -\"reuno algunas notas, para presentar ante elnconsejo mis sospechas de que el asesino es una mujer\" George Lusk hizo una mueca de disgusto. Tosióndisimulando su incomodidad con respecto al comentario que habíanhecho el detective segundos antes. -\"según el perfil que he programadondel asesino debe ser una persona con graves desórdenesnmentales, no esencialmente un esquizofrénico o un paranoiconmás un bien diría yo que es un psicópata en estencaso una... si decimos que es un hombre, podría ser que en suninfancia ha vivido un ambiente hostil, ya sea por la falta del padreno de una madre, la cual pudo haber sido una prostituta y, o,nalcohólica, al encontrarse en abandono preparó porndecir \"su venganza\" en contra de ellas, en la adultez\" -\"¿cómo puede afirmarlo?\" -\"el doctor Charles Darwin original denShrewsbury y connestudios en la Universidad de Edimburgo y Cambrigde,nlo afirma\"-sonrió -\"se ve que ha investigado bastante, másnme gusta esa teoría, detective\"-agregó Lusk –\"¿pornqué se empeña de que es una mujer?\" -\"lenrepito ninguna de las víctimas fue violada\" -\"esonno tiene nada que ver... por lo menos sabemos que no es un maniáticonsexual\" -\"pornlas cuchilladas también dedujeron que el asesino era zurdo,nsin ver lo obvio, que las realizó una mujer y por eso creíannser asestadas por un hombre que no era diestro\" -\"esonnos redujo la búsqueda a un 11 de la poblaciónnmasculina de Londres\" -\"dedujeronntambién que el asesino era alguien conocido, ya que lasnvíctimas lo llevaban confiadamente a su cuarto, sin percatarsende que la confianza partía de que el asesino era una mujer ynpor eso ellas no recelaban, ya que la policía buscaba a unnhombre como Jack el Destripador\" -\"inaudito,nel asesino pudo bien haberse metido por alguna ventana\" -\"¿haninspeccionado las habitaciones, señor Lusk?\" -\"pues...nen la última había una ventana muy cerca, sinnembargo...\" -\"elnseñor Macnaghten y yo revisamos, la vivienda era precaria, elnasesino hubiera tenido que tener un muy buen equilibrio y nada en lasnmanos para lograr pasar por aquella ventana sin contar que en elntrayecto hubiera provocado la atención de los vecinos ontranseúntes que pasaban por allí\" -\"¿ynlas declaraciones de los testigos, esos de que a las víctimasnlos acompañaba un hombre algo con sombrero de copa y unanpequeña valija?\"-sonrió triunfante esperando lanrespuesta de Holmes, el detective no se inmutó y comenzóna explicarle -\"lonobvio era que la asesina se disfrazaba de hombre y luego de cometernlos crímenes huía como lo que en realidad era: unanmujer. ¡Y nadie buscaba a una mujer como la asesina! Pornconsiguiente, nadie la detendría\" -\"detective,ncomo veo tiene una respuesta para todo, ¿por qué unanmujer sería Jack, el Destripador?\" -\"tengonvarias teorías... primero sería supongo yo, si lanasesina puede presentar algunas tendencias homosexuales, que no sendescarta o que es una mujer ofuscada ya que algun miembro de sunfamilia ha sido afectado de alguna manera por ellas –ya sea sunesposo o algun hijo- y quiere vengarse\" Lusknse quedó mudo ante las dos teorías que presentaba LiamnHolms con la mayor tranquilidad del mundo. -\"comondije, el perfil del asesino es una persona con trastornos mentales,nun psicópata, muchas veces esas personas no necesitan unanrazón fuerte para cometer asesinato.. o bueno simplemente lasnodia por alguna razón que es clara, según lo observadonen las escenas de los crímenes y las notas que envía anlas autoridades se ve que disfruta de su trabajo\" -\"esones obvio, pero ahora que lo recuerdo, en una de esas notas dice sernun pilar de la sociedad ¿una mujer?\" -\"quienndescarta de que provenga de una buena familia, como sabemos puede sernuna mujer casada con un noble o porque no con un cirujano o unnmédico, eso explicaría porque tiene conocimientos connrespecto a la medicina\" -\"sinceramente,ndetective todavía sigo pensando de que fue un hombre y seguirénbuscando a uno\"-dijo acomodándose su abrigo para despedirsen–\"no descarte que la posibilidad de que es un hombre, detective\" -\"descuide,naún el caso sigue abierto ¿no cree? Creo que deben dendejar de ofrecer recompensas a quien atrape al Destripador, es unanpérdida de tiempo\"-bromeó -\"comondiga, trataré de convencer a Macnaghten de ello\" -\"nondescarte la posibilidad de que es una mujer, se lo pido\" Lusknlevantó la mano izquierda a modo de despido ya a unos metrosnde él. Comenzaba a garuar, el cielo grisáceo de lancapital inglesa se llenaba de nubes a medida que la tarde avanzaba. Londres, 3 de enero de 1889 Nathan Kaminsky fue internado ennun hospital psiquiático Uno de los sospechosos de ser el asesino denWhitechapel, un judío de origen polaco (Nathan Kaminsky) fueninternado por sus vecinos de la localidad de Whitechapel quienes lonacusaban de demente, algunos afirman que era el asesino denominadon\"Jack, el Destripador\", el último asesinato fue el denRosellin Jackson Rodil hace menos de un mes. Lanpolicía se ha mantenido adusta con los comentarios. Esperamosnmás respuesta de parte de los policías al mando. -\"¿quénopinas de eso?\"-preguntó Macnaghten entrando a la oficina denLiam -\"menparece bien que hayan internado aquel hombre, aunque no es elnDestripador\"-dijo Liam Holmes -\"pornlo menos la gente lo cree así, y los asesinatos han parado\" -\"tenequivocas... pronto comenzarán otra vez, supongo\"-sonrióncon un aire de misterio –\"y nuestro trabajo será encontrarna la asesina cuando el momento llegue\" -\"sines que es una mujer ¿el consejo no aceptó tus notas?\" -\"nonlas mostré lo haré cuando llegue el momentonadecuado\"-respondió –\"demostraré que el asesinones una mujer\" Súbitamente su víctima comenzabana apaciguarse. El hombre vio el momento adecuado para iniciar sunmacabro ritual. Para todo esto, el Big Ben terminaba de dar susndoce campanadas, esa noche. -\"una víctima más, otra vez\" Vio el lujoso reloj de marca \"Rolex\" quencolgaba en su muñeca, limpiando la sangre de su cuchillonemprendió la marcha hacia la ciudad. -\"hemos vuelto a la aventura\" Lansombra se dio cuenta de que algunos transeúntes ebrios veníannen esa dirección. Rápidamente se comenzó andesvestir, comenzando desde la capa hasta los pantalones, los guardóncuidadosamente dentro de una valija –en ella también estabannsus implementos de cirugía- y caminó directamente hacianun carruaje que estaba esperando por aquella silueta. -\"unanmás... creo que elegiré otra al azar ¿quénle parece?\"-le preguntó a una figura que estaba en lasnsombras del carruaje -\"si...nesta bien, querida\"-dijo una voz majestuosa –\"la enfermedad denmi nieto tiene que ser vengada lo más rápido posible\" Lanjoven mujer sonrió, en su dedo anular mostraba un anillo dendiamantes de 18 kilates. -\"haynque planearlo con más tiempo, aunque claro despistaremos analgunos policías, eso es lo divertido, nadie sabránnunca que soy Jack, el Destripador\" -\"lanpolicía busca a un hombre y no a una mujer... nadie sabránque es... Jean De Bleur\" -\"lonque sea por el príncipe Alberto Victor\" Elncarruaje se alejaba internándose en la espesa niebla, llegandoncasi al palacio de Buckingham[Chapter 9] Epílogo (Argumentosnde la autora) Como era de esperar ante un caso de talntrascendencia, en el que Scotland Yard mantenía silencionabsoluto, se fundaron todo tipo de suposiciones: desde que Jack elnDestripador era una mujer obsesionada por las prostitutas porque unande ellas había contagiado una enfermedad a su hijo, unnpuritano furioso por el vicio de la capital, un agente secreto rusonque quería dejar en ridículo a la policíaninglesa... y así, una larga lista de sospechosos con lasnmotivaciones más variadas. La teoría de que toda una ConspiraciónnReal estaba detrás de los asesinatos es tal vez la másnpopular. Libros, escritos por Stephen Knight y publicadonen 1976 bajo el título \"Jack the Ripper, the finalnsolution\", aseguraba haber recogido las notas de un hombrenllamado Joseph Sickert, el hijo de Walter Sickert, un pintornimpresionista que decía haber conocido a Jack el Destripador ynque le habría confesado quién era el asesino en sunlecho de muerte. La teoría que plantea Kinght es quenSickert padre daba clases de pintura al Príncipe Alberto y quenéste conoció a una modelo que posaba para el pintornllamada Annie Crook. El príncipe se enamoró de lanjoven, y desatendiendo sus obligaciones como heredero de la corona,nse casó con ella en secreto cuando ésta se quedónembarazada de una niña a la que llamarían Alice. Si el pueblo londinense llegaba a conocer lanunión del príncipe heredero con una mujer de clasenbaja, supondría un escándalo público y una gravendeshonra para la Familia Real inglesa, por ese motivo la ReinanVictoria se habría empeñado en resolver el problemanantes de que comenzasen a correr los rumores de la boda, delegando lantarea de resolver el problema al médico de la Casa Real, elndoctor Guillermo Gull. El Doctor Gull actuó entoncesnsecuestrando a Annie e internándola en un hospitalnpsiquiátrico tras declararla demente, en donde fue obligada anvivir por el resto de sus días, mientras que el PríncipenAlberto fue llevado al palacio de Buckingham y se le prohibiónsalir de allí, haciendo correr el rumor de que estabangravemente enfermo. Cuando Annie fue secuestrada, Mary Kelly, lanúltima víctima del Destripador, se ocupaba por esenentonces del bebé. Tanto ella como el resto de las jóvenesnprostitutas asesinadas conocían la relación secretanentre el príncipe y su compañera, y sabían quentras la desaparición de Annie, también sus vidasncorrían peligro, por lo que decidieron guardar el secreto. Aun así se llevaron a cabo losnasesinatos para impedir que las jóvenes hablasen delnmatrimonio entre la plebeya y el heredero, y se creó la imagennde un sanguinario psicópata con conocimientos en cirugía. El cochero de la Casa Real, John Nestley, senencargó de localizar una a una a las chicas y de convencerlasnpara que subiesen al carruaje diciéndoles que una personanimportante había solicitado sus servicios. Entonces, el Doctor Gull, oculto en losncallejones, asesinaba a cada mujer y las mutilaba salvajemente paranhacer creer que el asesino era un sádico obsesionado con lasnprostitutas. Esta teoría es una de las preferidasnporque es la que mejor se adaptaría al silencio de ScotlandnYard sobre los crímenes. Qué mejor razón paranacallar un asunto que el proteger el honor de la Familia Real. Sin embargo, no hay ninguna evidencia que apoyenesta teoría, aunque tampoco hay nada que la desmienta. Es cierto que en Whitechapel existió unanmujer llamada Annie Crook que tenía una hija ilegítimanllamada Alice, pero no hay nada que pruebe que mantuvo una relaciónncon el Duque de Clarence (hay quién asegura que esta teoríanes falsa porque las tendencias del Príncipe Alberto seninclinaban más hacia los hombres que hacia las mujeres). Tampoco hay nada que pruebe que las jóvenesnprostitutas asesinadas se conocían entre sí, porque sinesto hubiese sido cierto, habría sido descubierto en lasnentrevistas con las familias y los amigos de cada víctima. Como ya conocemos mas o menos la historianinfundida por Steven Knight, comenzare a aclarar algunos puntosnimportantes de nuestra historia. [n -\"¿s...si? ¿diga?\"-respondió aúnnsoñoliento, sobándose los ojos –\"si, tenientenFache, ¿qué no atendí su llamado? Me disculparánnotablemente tenía un asunto pendiente en el ayuntamiento hoynpor la mañana, ya sé que me ha estado llamandonincontables veces por lo del caso \"Da Vinci\" pero me fue inútilncontactarlo en la mañana, aunque Londres conserva la mismanhora de Paris\" Adaptado de \"El Codigo Da Vinci\"n(Retrocediendo un poco mas de un siglo, recordemos que losnacontecimientos tratados en la obra de Dan Brown son prácticamentenactuales) Me parecio muy divertido. [ -\"un hombre llamado...nWilliam Wonka\" -\"¿Wonka?\"-preguntóninstintivamente Liam Holmes –\"ah si lo recuerdo, solucionénun caso suyo hace unos meses\" Nuestro tipico chocolatero \"Willy Wonka\" den\"Charlie y la fabrica de chocolates\" originalmente de Roald Dahl. Y finalmente el apellido de nuestro brillantendetective \"Holmes\" muy familiar ¿eh? Si, es el mismonapellido de Sherlock Holmes personaje principal de las novelas de SirnArthur Conan Doyle. Como ya se habran dado cuenta, me encanta hacern\"crossovers\" o mezcolanza de historias, es muy divertido quentodas las novelas se entrelacen entre si. Creo que esas son todas las aclaraciones alncaso, ojala que les haya gustado mucho la novela. Gracias por su atención. ","Summary":" El Misterio a la Luz de lanTorre en Sombras Prólogo Era una noche muy oscura y fría. Sólonalgunas l"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Daddy's Girl","Author":"Link's Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10131558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello! So, I saw the Robocop remake a few days ago, and a thought started bugging me in the middle of it; What if Alex also had a daughter, older than David? It didn't really grow very much, and the main plot points didn't really change all that much, so... I decided to make a series of oneshots. I don't own robocop, and I hope you enjoy them :) Introductions Anna hadn't been allowed to come to the hospital with her mother when it was time for her little brother to come. She'd stayed with her father's partner Jack, while he went with her mom. It was a few days later that she met her new baby brother, David. Alex picked Anna up the morning after David was born, and told her that it would be another day or two until her baby brother and her mom were coming home. When the day came, she'd greeted her mother with an elated -but gentle, as her dad reminded her that she was sore- hug the moment she set the baby carrier down in the house. When Anna saw her baby brother for the first time, the three year-old was awestruck by how tiny he was. \"Was I small like that too, mommy?\" she'd asked. Her mother answered that she'd been a little bit bigger, because her little brother was born a little earlier than he was supposed to be. \"Well...What's his name?\" she asked. Clara and Alex both smiled, and Clara answered; \"David. David Jackson Murphy.\" A big smile came to the girl's face. Leaning over the baby carrier where her new little brother slept, she lightly kissed his forehead. \"Hi David, I'm your big sister Anna.\" she whispered. \"I hope we get to be friends when you get bigger, I need someone to play with.\" She heard her parents quietly laughing at that, but nothing could distract her when her little brother's eyes started opening. They were kind of blue-brown, the brown was like her dad's. Anna giggled. Her little brother was already so cute! \"His eyes are almost the same colour as yours, daddy.\" she informed him. Alex chuckled before standing from the couch, kissing his wife on the forehead. \"I think you and I are gonna go out for a little while. Mommy and your little brother are both going to sleep, so... how about we go out for some ice cream?\" he suggested. Anna nodded. \"Okay, daddy.\" she said. Standing up, the little girl hugged her mother goodbye, kissing her cheek. \"Have a good sleep, mommy.\" Anna's favorite place to get ice cream - and in Alex's case, lunch - was a fairly short walk, but she talked his ear off all the way. She talked about anything that came to mind; what she'd had for dinner at Jack's, something she'd seen on TV, perhaps even something her imaginary friend had said. When the reached the little diner that sold the ice cream, the woman behind the counter - who'd come to recognize Alex's little family - 'secretly' gave the young girl an extra scoop of strawberry ice cream. Halfway through her cone, Anna said, \"Daddy? I think I like David as my little brother,\" before continuing like she hadn't said anything. A/N: So, what do you think? Remember, this being a series of oneshots, that there's a time-skip between updates. It may be a few months, or a few years, for Anna.[Chapter 2] A/N: I'm back with another chapter. As I said, there's been a bit of a time-skip. I apologize if the chapter doesn't seem to make sense... Accidents Happen Someone was calling her. Anna was scared, she didn't know where she was. She wanted her parents. Her arm really hurt, she couldn't move it at all. \"The damage was... extensive. Mentally, she will recover, but her body... With her being so young, there... there was nothing we could do.\" The five year-old's memory moved backwards; she was in her friend Jillian's car, on her way home after a sleepover. Everything was so happy, they were laughing and Jill's mom was singing with the CD she'd put in. \"Of course, there will be time to adjust, but... until she's old enough...\" Bright lights appeared on Anna's side of the car, Jill's mom was screaming, and then she was thrown to the side. The world blacked out, and each time she came to she saw something else; metal crunched, glass shattered, everything outside the car was rolling. Or was it the car? Finally, the car came to a stop, and the blackness took Anna away from the pain, if only briefly. \"It's going to be quite an adjustment, for all of you.\" Anna's eyes opened, and she looked around, confused. Where was she? What was happening? Was she... upside down? No... sideways. Why was she sideways? She wanted to get out of the car. Reaching for the seat in front of her, to stand up, the girl drew back with a cry when pain shot through the arm she'd tried to move. Tears welled in her eyes as she became aware of pain, everywhere . \"Daddy!\" she cried, but didn't move. It hurt too much. There was someone outside, she couldn't see them, but they were talking to her. There were lots of voices, she couldn't tell the difference between them. Then someone was picking her up, and she screamed . \"No! Don't-don't touch me!\" With the arm that didn't hurt as much, she tried to push the person away, everywhere they touched hurt worse. The person laid her down on a bed, and someone put a mask over her mouth. They were putting her to sleep again. When she woke up, Anna felt really weird. She couldn't feel her arm, and her head hurt. There was a weird beeping noise, and the sheets underneath her were scratchy and uncomfortable. The girl tried opening her eyes, but squeezed them shut tight at the bright lights. She made a little whining noise, trying to lift her arm to cover her eyes, but it wasn't working. \"Anna?\" It was her mom! She sounded really tired, and worried. It was still too bright, but the girl opened her eyes to find her mom. \"Mommy?\" she whispered, her voice was dry and scratchy. Her mom was sitting beside her bed, in a chair that didn't look very comfy. \"Hey, sweetie. How are you feeling?\" her mother asked, shifting closer. The girl wrinkled her nose a little. \"My head hurts, and my mouth tastes funny, and I can't feel my arm.\" the girl responded, confused. \"Where are we mommy? Where's Jill, and her mom? Are daddy and David here?\" Clara didn't answer Anna for a few seconds. \"We're in a hospital. Jill and her mom... they got hurt really bad. Your daddy took David to get breakfast across the street, but they should be back soon.\" she finally said. \"Why are we in the hospital?\" There was another silence. \"Well... do you remember how you were coming home from your sleepover with Jill, sweetie?\" Anna nodded. \"There was a really big truck on the road, and the person driving it wasn't watching where they were going, and they crashed into Jill's car.\" Anna's eyes widened. She'd seen car crashes in movies, and cartoons, and they looked really bad. \"Are they gonna be okay?\" she asked. Clara nodded. A few minutes later, the door opened and in came her dad and two year-old baby brother. \"Anna!\" David squeaked, reaching an arm out to point from their dad's arms. The two year-old loved his big sister, and that was the first word he'd said -aside from 'Mom' and 'Dad'. \"Hey, look who's awake,\" Alex said, relief in his voice as he sat in the chair next to Clara, leaning over to kiss his daughter on the forehead. \"Hey, sweetheart, how're you feeling?\" Anna wanted to shrug. \"I dunno. My head hurts. ...I can't feel my arm.\" Remembering this, the five year-old tried to look down where her arm was. There was a blanket pulled up to her shoulders, so she couldn't see anything. She felt a bunch of stuff on her right arm, but there wasn't anything on her left. Lifting her arm sluggishly, she tried to move the blanket, but her arm wouldn't move, her hand wasn't grabbing the blanket. She frowned, making a frustrated noise. \"Sweetie, I don't think you should-\" \"I want to see.\" she said stubbornly. Before either parent could either stop or help her, Anna's hand got out from under the blanket, and she was able to push it down off her shoulders. Her left shoulder was covered in bandages, and her eyes widened. Her arm... was gone . There was just... her shoulder. Her breathing became short, as she began to panic, and the beeping monitor beeped faster. Her arm was gone, her arm was gone! Anna felt her dad sitting her up, gently rubbing her back and trying to calm her down. It took several minutes, but the soothing whispers of 'It's okay,' accompanied with the motion on her back calmed her, if only slightly. The monitor was slowing down, and she could breathe, but Anna was shaking now, and crying. \"Pu-put it ba-ack..\" she tried to say, her voice hitching and wobbling with her tears. \"Da-daddy, I-I-\" \"It'll be okay, Anna. It's gonna be okay..\" Alex continued to soothe her, until the doctor came in to check on his young patient. He told her that they couldn't fix her arm, but when she was old enough she could get a new one, but that was quite a long way away. Anna knew her mommy and daddy would make it better, like they made everything better. A/N: I know, this wasn't the best, but I'm working with what I can. I don't have much to go off of, but I imagine anyone would be pretty freaked out if their arm was gone . I don't own Robocop, see you next chapter! (The time skip won't be quite as big in the next chapter, just a few months.) Bye![Chapter 3] A/N: We get some interesting and not-very-happy stuff happening in this chapter. Anna is 6, David is 3, just so you know. I don't own Robocop, enjoy! Different The month following Anna's release from the hospital were hard, and different. The doctor had taken the parents aside, explaining that there were many things Anna would be unable to do on her own, things she would have to learn to do again, and things she wouldn't be able to do, period. She couldn't tie her shoes anymore, and needed help getting dressed. She couldn't play her favorite game on the computer anymore - which required two hands - and had to get a backpack she wouldn't have to put over both of her shoulders for when school started in the fall. She couldn't swim on her own, had to use floaties in the pool over the summer, and swim in the shallow end. She hated it. She didn't see Jill anymore, didn't get to see her in the hospital, but her mom had told her she would be in her class when school started. The bandage that was wrapped around what was left of her shoulder was taken off a few days before she started grade one. She didn't want to look at it, deliberately wore her few long-sleeved shirts so that she wouldn't see it poking out of the end of her sleeve. It was weird, and it looked gross. As her first day was quickly approaching, Anna started worrying more and more about the problem with her arm. What would the other kids say, and her teacher? Would they laugh, or think she was weird? The night before her first day of school, when her dad was tucking her in, she asked him. \"What if the other kids think I'm weird, and don't like me?\" Sitting down on the side of Anna's bed, Alex pulled his young daughter into his lap, tilting her head so she was looking him in the eye. \"I won't lie, and say you'll make friends with everyone in your class, but if someone doesn't like you because of this,\" he gently tapped her shoulder. \"Then they aren't worth being friends with, okay?\" Anna nodded her head, yawning tiredly and resting her head on his chest. When he moved to lay her back down, the girl hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek. \"Goodnight daddy, I love you.\" \"I love you two, Anna. I'll see you in the morning, okay?\" The girl tiredly nodded, already on the verge of drifting off. When she did fall asleep, she wasn't nearly as worried as she'd been before her dad tucked her in. School wasn't nearly as scary as Anna thought it would be. Only a few people stared at her arm, and she didn't get lost in the hallway because her mom walked her straight to her classroom. Her teacher was named Mrs. Morgan, and she was really nice. Anna was one of the first kids in the classroom, because her mom had to drop her off early to take David to preschool. The only other kids in the room were a big-looking boy on the other side of the room, and a girl that looked like she was trying to figure out where she wanted to sit. There was a bunch of coat hooks at the back of the room, by the door that led outside, and each of them had a name tag above it. Anna was a fast learner, and she learned how to write and read lots of different words back in Kindergarten, so she found her name tag really fast. She was glad there were only the other two kids in the room right now, so she didn't have to worry about either of them staring when she took her coat off, hanging it up with her bag. She sat down near the back, surprised when the other girl sat down directly beside her. \"What happened to your arm?\" she asked bluntly. Anna frowned, she didn't want to talk about it. \"I got in a car accident.\" the six year-old responded quietly. The other girl flipped her hair -blonde, and in two braids- and started talking again. \"I heard you can get a whole new arm, if you can afford it. Why didn't you get one?\" she pressed. Anna shied back a little bit, the girl was a bit bigger than her and seemed scary. \"The doctor said I was too small, but I can probably get one in a few more years.\" Anna repeated what she remembered the older man had said. \"That seems dumb. How'd you get in a car accident?\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" she almost snapped. Anna was tired of all the questions. It was a good thing that the bell went for school to start right then, the other girl looked like she wanted to bite her head off. Once the rest of the kids were in the class, Mrs. Morgan introduced herself, and said they were going to play a little game to get to know each other's names, instead of doing attendance the boring way. There was a little red ball in her desk, she would give it to one of the students and they would introduce themselves and say something they liked to do, or something about them, before passing it to the person beside them. Since Anna was near the back of the class, she was one of the last people to get the ball, which she didn't mind. While she waited, she learned that the boy she'd seen earlier was named Daniel Oaken, that he had two sisters and an older brother, and his mother was a nurse. There was also a nice girl named Kaitlyn Dietrich, she loved to ride horses, and she was an only child. There were more people, but she didn't remember many of their names. Right before the ball came to her, she leaned that the almost-scary girl was named Addison Warden, her mom wrote books and she 'didn't have a dad'. Addison threw the plush red ball for Anna to catch, but didn't quite make it. Some of her classmates giggled, and she frowned. Why hadn't she caught it? She had reached up and it had just - oh . She remembered something the doctor had told her, that for a while she would still think she had an arm, even think she could feel it, even though it wasn't there. She couldn't remember what he'd called it. \"Sorry...\" she said, leaning down to pick the ball up. \"I-I'm Anna Murphy, I like to play games with my dad and little brother, and my dad's a police officer.\" Eager to get the attention away from herself, Anna passed the ball to the right, but soon after realized there was no one to catch it. Snickers and giggles erupted as once again, Anna picked the ball up. She blushed bright red, grateful when the teacher went on to explain what they would do in first grade. Mrs. Morgan talked with the class right up until recess, giving them all a notice to put in their bags for their parents to read. Then they were dismissed for recess. Anna didn't play with the other kids, just sat on the playground and watched. She wanted to do something, but what could she do? Monkey bars were definitely out of the question, and she couldn't really climb the ladder for the slide. Almost everything on the playground involved climbing in some way. Maybe the swings... No, both sets were already taken. Anna sighed. What could she do? As it turned out, it was time to go back inside before she had time to do anything . The teacher led them to the gym, pointing out the library and the bathrooms along the way with hopes that the students would remember where they were. They were going to play games in the gym today, starting out with dodgeball, and then they would play freeze tag, then they would go back to the classroom. For the most part, Anna had fun. Dodgeball was a little harder, 'cause she only had one arm to use, but she was good at catching and dodging. \"Hey, I was going to grab that ball!\" Anna hadn't even been paying attention, until Addison snatched the ball from her hand, or at least tried to. \"There's another one right there, I got this one first.\" she insisted, pulling the ball back and throwing it. The taller girl glared, before grabbing the ball Anna pointed out. Anna made a point to stay on the opposite side of their part in the gym for the rest of the game. Unfortunately, there was no way to avoid her for Freeze-tag, especially since she seemed to be purposefully following her around. Well, until she got frozen. Anna had the misfortune of running past Addison while avoiding being tagged, and the other girl stuck her foot out, tripping her. Anna fell, and she fell hard. She almost caught herself, but her arm couldn't hold her up. Her knees stung, she'd skinned them when she fell, but that was all. \"You tripped me!\" she exclaimed angrily. \"It was an accident!\" Addison said innocently. Anna knew that was a lie, and she wanted to tell the teacher, but what if Mrs. Morgan thought she was lying? Then the game was over, and they were back in the classroom. Anna moved to the other side of the class, away from Addison. Now they were doing another activity to get to know each other. They all sat in a circle, had \"The Talking Ball\", and whoever had the ball would say their name -again- and say one of their favourite things, or something they did over the summer. When it was Anna's turn, she was frozen. She had no idea what to say, stuttered a few times but went quiet. \"Why don't you tell us about that car accident you were in? That happened over the summer time.\" Addison suggested innocently. It seemed the word 'Accident' worked like magic, and suddenly everyone wanted to know about it. Anna shrank back as Mrs. Morgan tried to get the kids to quiet down and take their seats. \"Leave her alone!\" someone suddenly yelled. Everyone stopped, looking for the kid who'd yelled. It was Daniel, the boy from earlier. \"I... I don't think she wants to talk about it.\" Anna nodded her head quickly, rolling the ball to the reformed circle, anywhere away from her. Daniel was nice, she decided. He stopped everyone from asking questions about her. Anna wanted Daniel to be her friend. If they became friends... maybe school wouldn't be so bad. A/N: So, first days of school generally aren't easy, I kinda feel bad for putting Anna through all this. See you next chapter! :)[Chapter 4] A/N: We've got a larger time-skip this time around. Anna is 8, in grade 3, David is 5 and just starting grade 1 (early). I don't own Robocop, but am staking a claim over Anna. Protector \"Don't worry, David. Mrs. Morgan is a great teacher, she's really nice.\" Anna spoke reassuringly to her little brother. It was his first day of Grade 1, and his class was just down the hall from her new one. This time it was their dad walking them to class. \"Bye, daddy. I'll see you at recess, Anna.\" David hugged Alex tightly upon entering his classroom. \"I'll see you after school, David.\" their dad promised, ruffling his hair affectionately. Anna waved at her first grade teacher before her dad lead her down the hall a few doors to her new class. Mr. Taylor was supposedly the best teacher in the school, or so she'd heard over the last two years. Anna would be the judge of that herself. Much the same as the last two years, her friend Daniel -one of her only friends at the school- was already in the class. If you asked her now, becoming friends with Daniel back in grade 1 was one of the best choices she'd made in school. Addison had gone from teasing to bullying as the months in first grade went by, and it only carried through grade two. The people who picked on her called her 'the one-armed freak' and other such similar names, but Anna tried not to react to it. Eventually, if she didn't react, they'd get bored with it and stop. Or, at least she hoped. \"I'll see you after school, Dad.\" she quickly said goodbye to her dad, throwing her arm around his waist and hugging him tightly. \"I'll see you after school.\" he echoed, smiling as he hugged her back. \"Have a good first day.\" Fat chance, Anna secretly thought, but just smiled wide as she waved. Then she turned, focused on her best friend. \"Hey Danny, did you see the Red Wings game last saturday?\" she started; David loved watching the Red Wings play with their dad, and both had in turn gotten Anna interested in it as well. Daniel shook his head, but smiled at his friend. \"Nah, I was camping, we just got back on saturday. I actually forgot the game was on.\" he finished sheepishly. Anna laughed. \"C'mon, I want you to meet my little brother, David.\" she said, grabbing his hand and towing him along back down the hall to Mrs. Morgan's class. \"Hi Mrs. Morgan.\" she greeted when they entered the classroom. \"Daniel, this is my little brother David. David, this is my best friend Daniel.\" she introduced the two when they reached her brother. David was shy, peeking out at Daniel from behind Anna and waving once. The two were able to say hello, but there wasn't time for anything else before the bell went, and they had to go to their class. \"Race you to the swings!\" Anna and Daniel were the first ones out of their class at Recess. It was common practice the last two years, they would be the first ones out at recess and lunch, and they would race. Anna may have only had one arm, but she made up for it with strength in her legs. She was fast . Daniel had had a head start this time, however, and that may have made all the difference; The first graders were usually the first ones to the playground - the kindergarteners had their own play area, and the playground was closest to the first grade classrooms - and Anna wouldn't have even seen what was going on with David if she'd been the first one out. There were two bigger boys standing in front of him, to boys from her class -she couldn't be bothered to remember their names, but they were troublemakers. Her little brother looked worried, and scared, and just a little bit mad. Anna slowed to a stop, abandoning the race and going towards the playground. \"David!\" she called. He turned to face his sister, and she saw the problem right away; he had a soccer ball, honestly the only good one they were allowed to use. It didn't take a genius to figure out the two third-graders wanted it. \"Is there a problem?\" she asked. \"Why do you care about this little shrimp, freak?\" one of them taunted. Anna glared at him, her hand clenching into a fist. Anna hated that word. Freak . It may as well have been a curse word, like the ones she'd accidentally heard her neighbor yelling a few weeks before. \"He's my brother, and he got the ball first, so back off and let him play with it.\" she snapped. Anna had loved her little brother from the moment she'd first met him, she wasn't about to let some stupid bullies push him around. One of them rolled his eyes, before pushing Anna out of the way and grabbing the ball from her brother. David tried to pull back, but only ended up falling over on his rear end. Anna helped him up, and was about to give the two boys - clutching the ball and cheering with victory as they ran towards the field - a piece of her mind when David stopped her. \"It's just a ball. C'mon, we can go play on the swings.\" With a last look at the irritating boys and a huff, Anna went along with him to hang out with her best friend, before recess ended. And when she returned to her class she informed Mr. Taylor - in secret, of course - about what happened with her brother, and who had done it. He promised he'd deal with them, whatever that meant. \"So David, how was your first day of school?\" David and Anna's mother asked over the dinner table. \"It was okay. Anna was right, Mrs. Morgan was really nice. But, at recess someone took the ball I was playing with, but Anna came to help me. We didn't get the ball back, but she let me hang out with her and Daniel.\" David answered around a mouthful of corn. \"David, you gotta wait 'til you swallow your food to talk.\" Anna reminded him. He apologized with a little laugh. \"How about you, Anna? Did that girl Addison give you any trouble today?\" It was no secret to Anna and David's parents that people were picking on their daughter. The teachers and supervisors tried to put a stop to it often, but they couldn't keep an eye on Anna all the time, so it did happen unfortunately. Anna shook her head. \"Nope. Maybe she got bored with picking on me.\" Anna shrugged. If that was the case, she was glad. If not, she could put up with it. That night, after Anna had brushed her teeth and was headed to say goodnight to her mom before her dad tucked her in, David called her into his room. \"Anna, I gotta tell you something!\" he called. The moment Anna stepped into his room, the young boy threw his arms around her, hugging her. \"Thanks for trying to help me with those bullies. You're the bestest big sister ever.\" With that, he stood on his toes and kissed her cheek. Anna grinned at her little brother. \"Thanks David. Tell me if they - or anyone else - picks on you. I'll see you in the morning, okay? Goodnight.\" \"Okay, see you in the morning...\" David said with a pout. He hated bedtime, even when he was sleepy. Not that Anna liked it any better, though. When Alex was tucking David in and saying goodnight, his son surprised him with a question. \"Daddy, what's a freak?\" he asked quietly. Alex was confused by the question. \"It means...something that isn't normal, something different. Why, where did you hear that word?\" The father had an idea of where, but he just wanted to make sure. \"The bully that took my ball called Anna that. He was mean. I think he made Anna sad.\" Alex nodded, more to himself, before saying goodnight to his son. A/N: There you have it, another chapter. Thing. The next one, we get a bit of insight into what happened with the accident, from an adult's perspective. (Also, Alex's seemingly-understated reaction to the whole 'freak' thing is explained)See ya![Chapter 5] A/N: As I said, in this chapter we get a bit more information about the car accident, and Alex and Clara's opinion on the whole 'freak' thing. I don't own Robocop. Enjoy! Ps. The time-skip here is only a few days. Soon \" What does it say?\" Clara asked, referring to the email her husband was reading. \" ...Full compensation. He's donating the money needed for Anna, Jill and Elaine's medical treatments, because it was one of his employees who hit them.\" Alex said quietly, as he continued reading. \"OmniCorp has been developing robotic prosthetics. Moving, working prosthetics. He's saying he'll pay for Anna to get one, with upgrades when they're needed.\" Clara sighed quietly. This was sounding too good to be true, like at the end of his message this man would ask for something in return that they couldn't pay. \" All he asks in return is that we don't press charges. The employee was irresponsible, and 'let go'.\" Alex continued, like he'd read her mind. Perhaps they had been thinking the same thing. \" ...What should we do?\" Clara questioned after a long silence. \"If we take the offer, and something comes up in fine print... Alex, we can't afford that.\" \" I know, I know. But, if there is a chance, shouldn't we take it? I mean... a robotic arm is better than no arm.\" Alex sighed tiredly. \" We'll figure it out, Alex, and we'll do what's best for Anna.\" \"Something on your mind?\" Clara's voice stirred Alex from his thoughts. It was early in the morning; the sun was just starting to peek through the blinds. \"That business owner who paid for Anna's medical care, he mentioned OmniCorp's prosthetic limbs. That he'd pay for one for Anna. I'm thinking... maybe we should take him up on that.\" The thought hadn't come out of nowhere, Alex had considered it more than a few times since he'd found out his daughter was being bullied. She was eight years old, she deserved to have a proper childhood, to do things other kids could. Already she'd returned from school several times, disgruntled because she'd been picked last for a team sport, or the captains had fought over who had to pick her, or simply having to sit out while the other kids had fun. And the bullying . Who knew children, elementary children no less, could be so mean over something like Anna's arm . Alex voiced these thoughts to Clara. She didn't respond for a long while. \"...Alright. You're right.\" she finally agreed. \"Just in case it doesn't work out, or something goes wrong... I don't think we should tell her yet, until we're sure it's going to happen.\" she added quickly. No need to get the girl's hopes up in case it didn't work out. \"Okay. I'll talk to him today, see if we can't figure this out while it's still my day off.\" Alex's phone call was not fruitless. Holding up the initial offer from those years ago, the man referred him to a Dr. Dennett Norton, a doctor specializing in cases like Anna's. Though, usually said cases were with adults, he'd informed him, so he didn't know what to expect for an eight year old girl. Alex decided to pay the doctor a visit. \"Ah, Mr... Alex Murphy, pleasure to meet you. I'm Dr. Dennett Norton.\" the man greeted when Alex entered his office. \"Mr. Fox called, told me you planned to come see me.\" he explained, shaking Alex's hand when he offered. \"Nice to meet you, doctor.\" \"Please, take a seat,\" Dennett gestured to one of the chairs in front of his desk. \"Now, Fox told me you were coming, though... he didn't inform me as to why.\" Alex heard the unspoken question. \"Right. About three years ago, my daughter was in a car accident that an irresponsible employee of his caused. Mr. Fox offered full payment for her medical care, and mentioned that OmniCorp has been developing robotic prosthetics. Anna... she lost her arm. Today, he referred me to you, to get whatever information I needed before making a decision.\" \"I see... \" Dr. Norton thought for a minute or two. \"Well, I'm going to be honest with you, Mr. Murphy, my research with the prosthetics has been strictly on adults thus far, and I'm going to explain why that is.\" \"The prosthetic limb functions as though it's a real limb through a computer implant in the brain. The brain sends the signals, the chip intercepts them and the prosthetic reacts accordingly. The problem with younger minds, is they are constantly changing. The chip's function rests in the chemistry of the brain. Emotional levels have to remain stable, or it throws the systems out. Now, how old is Anna?\" \"She turned eight at the end of July.\" Alex answered, unsure of what Dr. Norton was getting at. \"And, is she prone to throwing tantrums or fits?\" he continued. Alex shook his head. \"Not since she was in that accident. The last fit she threw was in first grade, two years ago.\" Alex remembered that well, he'd been called from work to pick his daughter up after she screamed at her classmates, she'd told him because they wouldn't stop asking about her arm. \"...Alright. This may be easier than I thought. She's still too young to undergo the procedures now, but if she continues like that, we can work something out.\" Alex and Dennett came to an agreement nearly half an hour later; if Anna was able to keep things on the level through Elementary school, she could be fitted with the prototype of her new arm the summer before her sixth grade year started. \"That is, if she wants it.\" Dennett had added. When Alex brought it up at the dinner table, Anna made it perfectly clear that she most definitely wanted it . A/N: Abrupt ending, I know. I apologize if this seems... unrealistic (if putting a man inside a machine isn't ) with the whole sealing the deal so quickly, but this was all I could think of to write, and I personally like it... What do you think? Leave a review below and let me know (if you care enough to do so, or have the time).[Chapter 6] A/N: This is just a little filler before we get into the action. There hasn't been as big of a time skip, but it's still quite large. This was just an idea it had when it started snowing like crazy and I started thinking about christmas. Enjoy. I don't own Robocop, as usual . 'Tis the Season David was the first one up, and Anna received an excited wake-up call just a few short minutes after he ventured downstairs, making it halfway down before he saw them and bolted right back up and into his sister's room. \"Anna, Anna!\" he whispered excitedly, shaking her to wake her up. \"Wake up, wake up, wake up!\" His big sister slowly opened her eyes, looking from David to the clock beside her bed, before rolling onto her stomach. \"David, go back t'sleep. 'S too early.\" she mumbled. \"But Annaaaaa ,\" he whined. \"Santa came! There's a whole bunch of presents under the tree!\" he continued, insistently shaking her until she gave in, sitting up with a yawn and rubbing her eyes. It hit her after a moment or two what her brother had said; Santa came. That meant it was Christmas! With the same enthusiasm as her little brother, the girl ran down the hall to her parents' room, David following close behind. She stopped at the door, not sure if she should wake them up. It was still early, not even 8:30 yet. Her excitement curbed, Anna slowly creaked the door open, telling David to wait in the hall as she crept into the bedroom towards her dad's side. He was still asleep. Reaching her arm out, the girl nudged his shoulder - much gentler than David's wakeup. \"Dad?\" It didn't take much more than that to wake Alex up, rubbing his eyes as he came to awareness. \"Morning sweetheart.\" he said, voice still thick with sleep. \"What're you doing up so early?\" he asked, keeping his voice down since Clara was still asleep. Some of her previous excitement returning, Anna pointed to the door. \"Santa came, David told me there's a bunch of presents under the tree!\" she whispered, grinning. She saw her dad's sleepy smile. \"Alright, you and David head downstairs, I'll be down with your mom in a minute, then we'll open presents.\" he promised. Nodding, Anna quickly kissed him on the cheek before darting out of the room, grabbing David's hand and going down the stairs. The pile of presents was twice as impressive up close, but as excited as they were the Murphy children were able to sit and wait mostly-patiently for their parents. True to his word, Alex was on his way down the stairs with Clara a short time later. David looked like he was just about ready to start bouncing off the walls. Anna wasn't far behind. Finally, the parents decided they'd made their kids wait long enough, and Alex grabbed a present for each of them to unwrap. David got a near-dozen action-figures from his favourite cartoon, a Lego set to go with the extensive pile in his closet, a tablet to play games and watch TV - when he was finished his homework, his mother said - a table-hockey set and some clothes. Anna got a tablet as well, along with some books she wanted, a journal, a new pair of running shoes, a new game to install on her computer - one she could play one-handed - and some clothes. The two kids wore themselves out over the day, and were nearly mellowed by dinnertime. Anna was completely out of it afterwards, falling asleep on her dad's shoulder midway through her favorite movie. She blearily opened her eyes when she felt him lifting her off the couch, sleepily frowning but lifting her arm so it rested behind Alex's neck as he brought her up to her bed. \"G'night, daddy...\" she mumbled as he tucked her in, right on the very edge of sleep. \"Have a good sleep, Anna. Merry Christmas.\" A/N: Just a quick little -emphasis on little, it's quite short- filler before we get to the fun stuff. Did you like it? By the way, special thanks to Pyro for being a wonderful supporter, and one of the few reviewers I've got for this story. You rock Pyro![Chapter 7] A/N: Alright, here's the big one; Anna's surgery (Well, pre and post surgery anyways). I don't own Robocop, as per usual, but I hope you like this chapter. (Note: the year is 2026, 2 years before the events of Robocop. Figured it'd be good to inform you all) Pyro: It's always nice to hear good words about my work, so thank you again :) PS. I might have accidentally incorporated a tiny Marvel crossover reference in here. It may become a side story once I finish this one. Not What She Expected Fifth grade had come and gone so fast, it nearly made Anna's head spin. She'd been counting the days ever since they -they being Dr. Norton and her parents- set a date for the girl's surgery, for her new arm. Dr. Norton was a nice man, he kind of reminded her of her grandfather when they talked on the phone. He'd tried to explain to her as best as he could what would happen after the surgery, and how her arm would work. Most of it made sense, but there were a few things she didn't understand. Months ticked down into weeks, weeks into days, and Anna grew increasingly antsy as the day grew nearer. Over the last week of school, her best friend Daniel had kept reassuring her that it'd go great, that he couldn't wait to see her either over the summer or when grade 6 - their first year of Middle School - started. Addison had been as pleasant as she usually was, which wasn't surprising. When she had nothing to do, Anna would try and picture what she'd look like with two arms, even if one of them was robotic. She'd seen so many people with two arms, everyone she knew, so... why was it so hard to picture herself with one more? The girl was met with constant assurances that everything would be okay, that she'd get used to it, and giving her all the reasons why things would be better - most of which she knew. Anna didn't meet Dr. Norton in person until the day of the surgery, and she didn't see him for very long before it was time for them to start. The girl held her dad's hand tight as the doctors put a mask over her nose and mouth - to put her to sleep, Dr. Norton had said. The next thing she knew, she was in a dark room with a dim light beside her bed. ' Deja vu...' Anna thought, vaguely remembering a similar situation. Monitors, her head hurting, the only difference was that there were no blinding lights, and a lot less pain. Just the persistent ache in her head, and a dull one in her left shoulder. She barely remembered the accident, so the waking up was a fuzzy memory, but she saw the similarities. It took the almost-twelve year old a minute or two to remember why she was in the hospital again. It came to her when she looked down at herself and saw something entirely new concealed under the blanket. Her eyes widened as she lifted her arm - sluggishly, heavily, but nonetheless - and removed the blanket. Her left arm . Unable to resist, though Dr. Norton said she'd have to be careful at first with her new arm, Anna began testing her new limb. Rotating and bending properly at the wrist and elbow, her knuckles worked, and her shoulder was rotating. Where the prosthetic was attached to her , there were white bandages. Anna knew she should feel more excited - she probably would later - but right now she just felt sleepy. And hungry . She hadn't been allowed to eat for 24 hours before the surgery, and she was really hungry now. A noise to her left startled her, and when she looked she saw that her dad was there, asleep. With a smile, Anna reached out with her new arm and lightly poked him. The fact that she could move her arm, that she had that arm, was making her giddy through the sleepy haze. It didn't take much for her dad to wake up, and what he saw when he came to was Anna's grinning face in the dim light of the room. \"Hey you.\" he said quietly, rubbing his eyes as he fully woke. \"Morning, daddy.\" Anna greeted after a quick glance at the ticking clock on the wall. It was early. \"...this is so cool !\" she added quickly, taking another glance at her arm. Alex chuckled. \"I bet it is. It looks pretty cool.\" he agreed. \"Dr. Norton will be coming by later to explain a few things, and then we'll be allowed to go home.\" he said. Anna nodded, yawning as the excitement was shadowed by sleepiness. \"Mkay... I'm gonna go back to sleep.\" she decided, laying her head down on the thin pillow. She was out moments after. Anna hadn't anticipated being the only child at the Omnicorp Foundation Rehab Ward. She remembered Dr. Norton telling her that she was the first child to have one of their prosthetics, but it was still unsettling. Another doctor would be tending to Anna for the rehab, since Dr. Norton was very, very busy. She introduced herself as Helena Roberts. She ran Anna through several tests to test her reflexes and the functionality of her new arm, from throwing a ball -Anna quickly related it to the 'talking ball' that Mrs. Morgan had in her grade 1 class- for her to catch to attempting to write. Writing was harder, since she was used to using her right hand. While Anna had regained a level of motion with her arm, fine motor skills had yet to properly form after going undeveloped for so long. However, after every session her control was getting better and better. Dr. Roberts was quick to assure her that she would have full control of her new limb before her grade 6 year started. And she was right. By the time grade 6 started, Anna could do everything other kids could do with two arms, and she loved it. She wouldn't have to sit out of certain games in gym class anymore, she could play on the playground with her little brother after school, and play video games with him. There were also a few opportunities for some bad jokes, which her best friend took full advantage of. One of the first things Danny said to her was suggesting she be the \"Winter Soldier to his Captain America\" for halloween. \"Danny, that joke is never going to be funny.\" \"Oh c'mon Anna, you've even got the robotic arm on the left side! Are you really gonna pass that opportunity up?\" Danny pleaded. Middle School meant a bigger school and a bigger school meant a cafeteria. That was where Danny and Anna were, the boy trying to convince his friend for the twelfth -yes, Anna counted, twelfth- time since school had started the month before. \"I won't be able to wear the full costume to school, no masks allowed.\" she weakly argued. She knew as well as Danny did that the Winter Soldier didn't need the mask, and he called her out on it too. They didn't resolve the argument that day. Nevertheless, there was an 'authentic' Winter Soldier prowling the streets in search of candy on Halloween, accompanied by Captain America, Hawkeye -David- Black Widow -her mom- and Iron Man -her dad. Anna even got extra candy a few times because she had the metal arm. Peoples' attitudes towards the real Winter Soldier varied, but it didn't mean they couldn't appreciate a good costume. Personally, Anna would have liked to be one of the Howling Commandos, but the arm worked. Unfortunately, not all was good with the surgery that gave Anna an arm. There were still some people to deal with, far less desirable than Addison Warden had been, though she was still a problem. And with the arm came new names to throw at her- Cyborg, among them, and freak made a quick return. However, there were less name-callers than there were friends this time around, and she thought maybe middle school wouldn't be so bad. The first time it happened was in Gym class. Basketball was the top voted game. Anna and other kids had voted for floor-hockey, but were outvoted by one . Their team got a free throw, and people assumed that with the robotic arm came super strength and/or skills -that one she probably could blame on the Winter Soldier- and she was elected to take the throw even as she said she sucked at basketball . Just as she was about to take the throw- \"Bet the freak's gonna miss her shot!\" someone on the other team taunted, and Anna's hand twitched at the last second. The shot went wide, bouncing off the backer board and nearly hitting one of her teammates. There were a few snickers from the other team. The girl stood stock-still, the only tells she had even heard the boy -aside from the flubbed shot- was her prosthetic fingers twitching spasmodically. Anna remembered Dr. Norton telling her about this, and her dad long before that; an emotional imbalance caused the prosthetic to fritz because of the change in brain chemistry. It didn't know how to adapt when she was angry. And she'd tried so hard not to be angry. \"Mr. Hughes, may I please be excused.\" It wasn't toned like a question, more of a statement that she was going . Without another word she turned, walked out of the gym. She cradled the robotic arm to her chest to hide the twitching as she tried to calm down. Normally something like that wouldn't upset her so much, she'd learned to deal with it, why now would it start? She brought this up with Dr. Roberts over the phone over lunch hour. She told her to call her if she needed anything, but the doctor wasn't sure how to answer her questions aside from saying, \"Everybody has a breaking point. This... incident, could be a sign that you're getting close to yours.\" Well, that made her feel loads better. A/N: I based the arm going fritzy thing on that scene where the guy's playing his guitar, but when his emotions go off the level, the hands start to malfunction. Hope you liked it! ","Summary":" A/N: Hello! So, I saw the Robocop remake a few days ago, and a thought started bugging me in the mi"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Just Tell Him Already!","Author":"Bitter-Sweet Heart-Break","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3987412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapter 1) : 310 Author's Notes : Updated and revamped. I had to rewatch this movie but I finally got back to writing this fic. This will either be the last or second to last thing I ever post on this account because I am not feeling it anymore, and I originally was going to post this to my new account but figured out what a waste it would be due to the faves/alerts/reviews all on here. 5 parts, 4 are completed currently. I hope you enjoy. This was the first guy/guy thing I ever wrote. Pheobe North and Christina Beardsley were both observant and stubborn teenage girls. They also were the kind to come up with very out-there ideas, such as the ridiculous idea that their brothers, Dylan North and William Beardsley, were in love with each other. Now, had they told anyone their assumptions, people would think they were way off base and probably consider them living in a fantasy world. Therefore, they kept it between themselves, but they knew that not even their brothers would be able to convince them that they were wrong about this. \"So, how are we going to get them to confess about their relationship?\" Christina asked her step-sister in their bedroom, in as low of a voice as she could. The walls were paper-thin and there were way too many people living in this house. If they spoke even just one decibel too loud, their plan would be blown. \"I don't think anything's going on yet,\" answered Phoebe, laying on her bed, hands behind her head. \"But the signs are all there!\" Christina said, jumping onto Phoebe's bed. \"Shh!\" Phoebe shushed her step-sister. \"Yeah, the signs that they're into each other. But every time they stare longingly at one another, the other isn't looking. And when the other does look-\" \"They turn away,\" Christina had the same realization that Phoebe did. \"So, in order to get them to confess, we need to get them separately, right?\" She stretched her legs over Phoebe's and leaned her back against the wall. \"Of course, they'd never admit it in front of each other, well, yet. We need to show them some sisterly support. Gently explain to them that we support their sexuality and that they love one another.\" \"When should we start?\" \"Now's a good time.\" The two girls smiled and walked out of the bedroom, discussing exactly what to say.[Chapter 2] Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapter 2) : 918 Author's Notes : Here's part 2/5, and I think I did a good job with fixing this up. I actually had quite a few spelling and grammar errors in the original of this and part 3 but I don't know if that was due to me just making mistakes or the fact that when I wrote this originally, I didn't have a spellcheck system. Probably both. Dylan North was listening to his iPod, anyone able to hear his rock music, despite headphones, and sketching in his secret sketchbook. This sketchbook was the one part of his art he wouldn't let anybody see. Why? Well, this book was dedicated only to sketches of the boy he loved. Yes, Dylan North was gay, and his brother Jimi was the only one to know. Well, Jimi and Dylan's ex-boyfriend, but he was long gone and therefore no longer of any importance. But that part he was sure his mother wouldn't be against, nor the rest of the Norths for that matter. He was still unsure of the Beardsley reaction, but fear of how anyone felt about his sexuality wasn't what kept him from showing off his sketches. What kept the secret sketchbook so secret was that all of the sketches were of a certain class president, roommate, step-brother, William Beardsley. The latter was at his desk, getting his papers for the next morning organized, sneaking occasional glances at his roommate. Anyone could tell they were the farthest things from friends, and if anyone knew what fantasies William was trying to shut out in his head, they'd think he was disgusting, crazy, and wrong on more than one level. Not only was he having both sexual and emotional feelings for a guy , but due to some freak-accident, courtesy of his father's marriage to Helen North, the star of these fantasies ended up being his step-brother. Under different circumstances, where his father wasn't so obsessed with order and perfection, and if Dylan wasn't \"related\" to him, maybe he might have a chance. But no, the fates wouldn't dare let that happen. To top it all off, Dylan's annoying as hell music was blasting so loud that William could barely hear himself think. He grinned to himself, glancing once more at his step-brother, who was staring deeply at his sketchbook. William used the wheels on his desk chair to roll towards Dylan's bed. He reached over and yanked the headphones off his brother's head, his hand accidently brushing against Dylan's leg. \"Hey, what'd you do that for?\" Dylan yelled, slamming his sketchbook face down on the bed and pausing his iPod. Whether he meant why William touched Dylan's leg or why he pulled off the headphones, William was unsure, so he decided to answer the latter. It was a much safer question to answer, anyway. However, he was also unsure of whether or not that was a blush reaching Dylan's face or if this was one of William's fantasies again. \"That thing is blasting so loud I can't even hear my own thoughts. Just wanted you to lower it,\" William smiled...or was that a smirk? Dylan blushed. He actually meant the William's hand on his leg part, but apparently William hadn't noticed that even happened. He wanted to hit himself, of course William didn't notice. An innocent touch wouldn't be noticed by most people. The blush deepened, and Dylan was sure he looked like a tomato right about now, and he hoped William didn't notice. But alas, William's smirk grew wider, and he just had to ask, \"Why are you blushing so deeply?\" Of course, the mentioned blush grew even darker, and Dylan grew defensive. \"I am not blushing! It's just - um - the room is just hot! Y-yes, that's it! It's hot in here!\" Dylan knew how stupid that sounded, but he figured a stupid answer was better than no answer. \"Then take off your shirt, and maybe your face will return to a normal color,\" William said with a shrug and what sounded like no feeling, clearly hiding the true intentions behind his words. He chose this moment to turn the back of the chair to Dylan and get back to his desk. 'Chill out, Dyl, William didn't mean it like that. If you would've kept your stupid mouth shut and not talked about how hot it is, he wouldn't have even said that!' Dylan thought to himself. He did, however take his shirt off, and, due to the fact that he thought this night couldn't get any worse, it got caught on his head and muscular arms. \"William, I'd hate to bother you, but, could you ... help?\" \"With what?\" Dylan could hear the chair turning and his step-brother laughing. \"Oh, my God.\" William took this opportunity to climb onto Dylan and straddle his lap. He grazed his hands up Dylan's sides, and pulled the shirt over Dylan's head and arms with ease. He had learned by now to control his urges when his imagination runs wild, but this was just too much, and it might have been William getting so turned on that he imagined it, but he felt a little friction in the boy underneath him. Who kissed who, both boys were unsure of, but the next second they were making out with each other on Dylan's bed, neither wanting to stop. However, pretty early on into the make-out session, there was a pounding on the door and the knob began to turn. As two of their sisters entered the bedroom, William fell back and hit his head on the desk chair. \"Are we interrupting something?\" Christina asked, she and Phoebe smiling knowingly. \"No, this was nothing, just...nothing,\" William walked out, throwing Dylan his shirt. With a wink to her sister, Christina followed her brother out. Phoebe shut the door and walked over to her brother, as Dylan scrambled to put on his shirt.[Chapter 3] Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapter 3) : 567 Author's Notes : With this comes the conclusion of revamping and editing this fic and goes into the writing from scratch. Part 4 is finished and I'm working on the conclusion. I'm ending it there because that's where I always envisioned it. I hope you enjoy. \"So… nothing?\" Phoebe smirked, sitting next to her brother. \"Shut up, Pheebs,\" Dylan said, finally getting his shirt back on. His sister didn't have the heart to tell him it was backwards. \"I'm sorry, but I'm just a little confused. I mean, rarely does a person's shirt come off during a 'nothing,' so I have to figure a little more than 'nothing' was happening just a second ago.\" \"It was me being the world's biggest idiot.\" \"Well, aren't you always?\" Phoebe joked, earning a glare from Dylan. After a beat of silence, she sighed softly and put her arm around her brother. \"No, seriously, tell me everything. I'm here for you.\" Dylan took a moment, closing his eyes and bracing himself. He had a feeling she'd be fine with it but still, this was only the third person who was going to know his secret. \"Phoebe, I'm gay,\" he admitted softly. Phoebe had been rubbing his arm soothingly, and she didn't falter a bit at the confession. \"I don't know if this is going to make you feel better or worse, but I figured. Go on.\" Dylan opened his eyes and stared at her for a second. \"You... knew? How?\" \"I can't explain it, I just had a feeling. Maybe it's just sister's intuition. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?\" Dylan nodded, accepting it. Clearly she didn't have a problem with him liking guys, but now to tell her which guy in particular he currently liked. \"Okay, I also may kind of... sort of... have feelings for William.\" \"Mhm, and?\" Phoebe asked, still not surprised. \"Is that really all the emotion you can gather up for this?\" Phoebe rolled her eyes softly, smiling. \"I'm sorry.\" She cleared her throat and faked shock, exclaiming, \"Oh, my God! And?!\" Dylan laughed at her obvious caricature of what he'd been expecting, shaking his head and accepting that maybe she knew him that well after all. He took a deep breath and began explaining, ending off going onto a small ramble, \"Well, I was blasting my iPod and then he yanked the headphones off and I don't know if it was intentional, accidental, or my imagination, but his hand seemed to touch my thigh, for about a millisecond, and of course, I started blushing, a lot, and then he realized and asked why and I came up with the dumb excuse that it was hot, so he told me to take my shirt off if I was that hot. The idiot that I am got my shirt stuck, so he was helping me get it unstuck-\" \"Which is when you guys started kissing and we walked in,\" Phoebe cut in. \" We weren't kissing. I was kissing him . There is no way that he could've been kissing me back. He's straight, and my brother!\" \"Step-brother,\" Phoebe corrected. \"And you'll never know how he feels about you until you ask him.\" \"What am I supposed to say, Pheebs? 'Hey William, I know you're straight but do you have any feelings for me, even though we're practically related, totally opposite, and you love making my life miserable?' He'd tell Frank and want to move out of the bedroom.\" \"Think about things and don't keep letting your insecurities take control. And when you realized the truth,\" Phoebe got up and walked out, then leaned back into the doorway, \" just tell him already. \"[Chapter 4] Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapter 4) : 1,084 Author's Notes : Ladies and gentleman (and those who don't fit in a binary), here it is: the longest part of this story so far. I don't know why this took so long to write in the first place (over 8 years, yikes.) but I'm half convinced it was a result of me having so many other things to do and therefore no inspiration for this. But, I wrote this within a couple of days and now I have to write the conclusion. On the last chapter, someone had reviewed that the North bonding scene felt more like it should have been the Beardsleys but I made that one a lot more lighthearted because Dylan had already come to terms with his sexuality and Phoebe is Phoebe, whereas Will's having a little freak-out. Anyway, here's that scene, and I hope you like it. I don't actually know why it's so long, but oh well.For those who didn't already know, I've edited chapters 1-3, so if you'd like to reread, feel free. Christina almost lost sight of William incredibly fast, in her opinion. It didn't make sense why he was practically running down the hall, but she supposed it was mostly just regarding his own fears. She could understand him being scared, but she didn't understand why he'd seemed almost angry when he'd left his bedroom. \"Will, wait a second, would you?\" she asked, a little exasperated. Her brother didn't slow down and she groaned. By the time she'd finally caught up, he was on the stairs up to the lighthouse. \"Hey, what's the rush?\" she asked quietly, grabbing his arm. The teenage boy in question stopped at the hand on his arm, sighing softly. \"Can I just be left alone, Christina?\" he asked quietly. The blonde didn't want to listen, at first. The plan was to get him to admit he liked Dylan. True, the plan was now thrown for a loop with what she'd just walked in on, but still. Then again, this was her brother, one of her two best friends in the entire world and the only one who'd been there for everything through her life. If he really wanted to be left alone, she'd respect that. Reluctantly, she let go of his arm and nodded, until daring to ask, \"Are you sure?\" Apparently, that'd been the wrong thing to ask, because William threw his hands in the air and groaned. \"I don't know. I don't care,\" he groaned, stomping up the stairs. Seeing that she hadn't exactly been told for sure to go away, Christina decided to take a chance. She followed him up the stairs and sighed softly to herself when she realized he didn't seem to plan on lighting the lantern. Taking initiative, she did it for him before moving to sit down next to him. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" \"Talk about what? The fact that I'm a complete imbecile and now I'm probably getting sent off to military school?\" Christina furrowed her eyebrows, trying to process the statement. \"What makes you say that?\" \"Oh, come on, Christina. There's no way that's not getting sent back to the Admiral and he's not going to be okay with having a son who's a…\" He trailed off and his sister wondered about the end of that sentence. Something told her it wasn't exactly a nice way of describing himself and suddenly his anger seemed to make sense, in a way. \"Never mind two, if Dylan's even...\" Christina bit her lip, thinking of a way to go about this that wouldn't set her brother off. She couldn't believe she'd been so blind to not even think about this part of the equation. She and Phoebe had just figured the two boys just didn't know how the other felt, or worried what would happen since they were stepbrothers. Being around the Norths so much, Christina had completely let it slip her mind that Will probably hadn't accepted his own sexuality and/or wasn't ready to let it be known. \"Will, I understand why you think that way, but come on. You know Dad has gotten a lot less strict about everything since Helen, and she's not going to let him send you or Dylan off to military school just because you might like guys. Not to mention, I don't know how you think that little incident is going to get back to him, because there's not a chance I'm going to go rat you out and I can guarantee neither are Dylan or Phoebe.\" William rolled his eyes at her response, looking out over the water that shown with the reflection of the moonlight. \"He probably hates me.\" \"He probably doesn't,\" Christina reassured, moving to grab his hand. She felt him squeeze her hand and she returned the pressure. \"What am I going to do, Chris?\" Will's voice was barely a whisper and he still hadn't looked back at her. The blonde took a moment to think about her advice. \"First and foremost, realize that there is nothing wrong with who you are or how you feel. I get that you're scared, but.\" She cut herself off. She didn't want to say that there was nothing to be afraid of. The world was still a scary place. \"You're safe here. Even if you're not ready to tell the world, you have us, and if you're not ready to tell everyone, you certainly have everyone involved in tonight. Me most of all, Will.\" Her brother finally looked at her, a grateful look in his eyes and a shy smile on his face. It gave Christina encouragement to go on. \"That being said, you should probably go talk to Dylan. Get this thing figured out, have that awkward talk, because you can't avoid him, especially if you can't think of a good reason for you falling asleep up here if our parents figure it out.\" Will gave a small chuckle at that. She was right, he needed to talk to Dylan about tonight. Whether he told Will he didn't really swing that way, if he did but thought of him as a brother, if he completely hated him or on the off chance that he did return Will's feelings, he needed to know – not just because he needed to sleep in his own room tonight, but for himself. \"Thank you. You're right. I'll just go about this like a checklist or something. First, make sure my best friend and little sister doesn't think I'm gross.\" \"Absolutely check, I can guarantee she does not,\" the cheerleader insisted, giving his hand another squeeze. \"Second, figure things out with Dylan. Third can be slowly opening up to the rest of the crew and our parents. I'll figure that order out another time…\" \"There's no rush, Will. Except maybe with the Dylan thing, seeing as you skipped over the talking before and went right into the kissing?\" She hesitantly smiled at him, trying not to laugh at the small flush that came to his cheeks. She wasn't used to him being embarrassed. \"Listen, I can explain tha—\" \"Ugh,\" she grunted, rolling her eyes. She stood up and pulled him, despite him being much heavier due to his muscle. \"You can explain to me tomorrow. You have more pressing issues.\" Christina giggled a little to herself as she gently nudged him towards the stairs. He stopped at the top, mouth open to say something, but she cut him off again before he could. \"Just tell him already!\"[Chapter 5] Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapter 5) : 1,627 Author's Notes : And with this, this fic finally comes to an end. Only took me 8 years, right? Hah. Anyway. This chapter took longer than expected, partly because I'm bad at endings and partly because I suddenly became busy in real life. Also, I got distracted very easily when I wasn't actually busy, too, so. I really hope you guys enjoyed reading this, and I am so sorry for the long wait. Without further adieu, here is the finale (and longest piece) to \"Just Tell Him Already\" Dylan had waited way longer than he'd hoped to for William to come back to their bedroom. It seemed like hours since he'd stormed off and ever since Phoebe had left, all he could think about was what a bad idea this was. Part of him wondered if William wasn't even coming back to the bedroom at all, if he'd already went and told their parents he wanted a room switch or something. Phoebe's voice replayed in his head, and Dylan stopped his pacing and sat on his bed. He picked up his sketchbook and began to draw again, not having an idea in mind and just letting the markers go. In reality, the 'hours' ticking by in Dylan's head were less than fifteen minutes. William stood at their closed door, trying to will himself (ha) into entering. He chickened out, deciding he needed to use the bathroom and then that he needed a water. After he'd finished his third glass in the kitchen and used the restroom for the second time, he finally forced himself to stop procrastinating. Beardsleys were not procrastinators. They got things done in a timely and precise manner. Spurred on by his own pep-talk, Will entered the room and shut the door behind him, bracing himself for any yelling that may come. When the room remained silent, he looked up at Dylan. The younger boy didn't make a move to look at him, but Will could see that his hand that held a marker almost against his sketchbook had stilled. William took a deep breath and locked the door behind him, not wanting anyone to walk in on the conversation that was about to happen. Dylan's eyebrow raised when he heard the click of the lock, mind immediately replaying the image of Will on top of him. He blinked that thought away, popping the cap off the back of his marker and covering it, followed by shutting the sketchbook and sliding it under his bed. His mind was racing and he was honestly scared to look back at William, but he did, doing his best to not let on what was going on in his head. Will moved to sit on his own bed, tension quickly filling the large space in between the two boys. It took a few heartbeats for either to say anything, but when they did, it was at the same time and sounded too indistinct with the mix of their voices. They stopped after a few words and Dylan sighed softly. \"Do you want to go first?\" he asked, after a few moments of silence. William thought about it for a second. Did he? He usually was fine with taking charge but on this, between the two of them, he felt like he might have been the one less prepared. Still, he found himself nodding and took a deep breath. \"I guess I'll just start with an apology, I'm sorry.\" Dylan furrowed his eyebrows. He didn't expect an apology. \"For what?\" The only thing he could think of was maybe that the other boy would be apologizing for leading him on, that maybe William realized Dylan's feelings after that kiss and now felt bad for encouraging them when he didn't feel the same. \"You were in a vulnerable state when I was helping you before and I completely took advantage and made a move on you without asking or anything and I'm sorry.\" The older boy looked down at his bed. Dylan blinked for a moment. Figures. Was Will trying to singlehandedly prove that chivalry was still alive or something? \"Will. You know me pretty well, right? If I hadn't been okay with the move, don't you think I would have let you know?\" Will looked up, a little surprised, as he pieced together what was being said. \"So…so you didn't mind?\" Dylan chuckled. He'd imagined this conversation a lot more serious than it actually seemed to be. William was either really good at yanking his chain and making him think he liked him back when he didn't, or his genius crush really did like him back and was actually pretty oblivious. \"Yeah. I mean, I really appreciate the apology and wanting to have asked and whatnot but, yeah. I certainly…didn't mind.\" William nodded. \"Okay, so does that mean, I mean, are you…?\" Dylan waited for him to finish the sentence, but when he didn't, he decided to finish it for him. \"Gay? Yeah, I am.\" He looked down at his hands and bit his lip, the first time in the course of the conversation he'd looked away from William. \"I've known for a while. Haven't really told anyone yet. Jimi knows, and now so do Phoebe and you, and I guess Christina, even though I didn't really come out to her…\" He shrugged, aware he was starting to ramble. It felt weird, like a weight was simultaneously off his shoulders and crushing him with just how many people were slowly finding out. Three in just one night. \"Um, how about you? It's okay, I guess, if you don't want to tell me, it's hard to come out with it – wow, no pun intended…\" William gave a small smile; he couldn't help but find the rambling endearing. This was his crush, every bit of awkward and everything else that was in Dylan. As for his own sexuality… \"I, I'm not exactly sure? I've liked girls before, too, so I didn't think I was gay.\" \"There's more than just gay and straight, Willie,\" Dylan said with a shrug. \"You could be bi or pan, and there's demi or asexual, and you could always figure it out if you're not sure now…\" He took a deep breath and leaned against his wall. \"I'm rambling again. I'm sorry.\" \"You don't need to apologize.\" Will bit his lip, getting off his bed. \"Do you mind if...\" he trailed off with the question, motioning towards Dylan's bed. \"Huh? Oh, yeah, no problem.\" Dylan scooted closer to his pillows to give Will more room, not that he didn't have a good amount of space beforehand. \"Well, I guess now that we have that question answered as well as we can for now, we should focus on what happened before.\" Will nodded in agreement, feeling back to his old self and a lot more confident. Or at least, more determined to get this out before he lost his nerve, because he was still unsure what actually saying this out loud would mean. \"Okay, well, I guess it's been implied but I should probably just say it. I may not know what I am but I know I do like you, and I'm not sure how long I have or how well this would work, even if we hadn't ended up stepbrothers, but I guess it's finally time you know. For sure. Before anything else happens.\" Dylan looked up at the older boy, who was looking at him with such an intensity, such a raw, honest emotion that he hadn't ever thought he'd get to see on Will's face. It almost took him back but he found instead that he was drawn to it. \"Well then, I guess we have that in common.\" Will couldn't help but smirk a little, finding an opening to tease the other. \"You like yourself, too?\" Dylan rolled his eyes, playfully punching Will in the upper arm. \"Jerk. You know what I meant. I like you, too, and I don't know how this,\" he gestured in between them, realizing with that motion just how little space actually was between them, \"is supposed to work.\" Will nodded again, slower this time. \"Well, Christina's advice was to figure this out first before worrying about all the specifics of it…\" Dylan raised an eyebrow up at the taller of the two. \"You, not worry about specifics?\" Fair was fair, he needed to get in his own snark. \"Oh, shut up.\" There. This was a lot more like them. A lot less serious, that part could wait for another time. \"Or what, Beardsley?\" This was Will and Dylan, trading snide remarks back and forth. \"Or I'll have to make you, North.\" But with a touch of flirty, and that damn smirk Will wore had gotten a bit more predatory. Dylan wasn't sure what it said about him that it was stirring something in him. He cheekily looked Will up and down, defiant as ever. \"I dare you to try.\" Will raised an eyebrow. \"Oh yeah?\" Well, he did know Dylan was up for it, and he had locked the door after all… He slowly leaned over, and almost pulled back as Dylan had started moving back. However, when the shorter boy had settled himself into the pillows with a smirk of his own, Will took that as a good sign. Hovering over the other boy, he slowly leaned down, but instead of going straight for the lips, he leaned in closer to his ear. Dylan snaked his arms around Will, biting his lip in anticipation for whatever it was Will was planning. \"By the way,\" he heard his stepbrother whisper. Dylan shivered at the hot breath at his ear and the hand that had found its way to his chest. \"You put your shirt back on backwards,\" Will finished, hand pulling the tag that was incorrectly at Dylan's front instead of back out, and laughing a bit as he pulled away from Dylan's ear. He teasingly moved further back and began to get up off the bed, back to Dylan and smirk widening when the other boy protested, a little too loud. \"Will, you jerk, get back here. Now.\" Will threw a look over his shoulder, eyebrow raised and smirk still in place. \"Make me.\" Author's Notes : Sorry if you wanted more love and physical affection in this last chapter. I just couldn't help but make Will a little shit. I finished this in a rare moment when I wasn't feeling sick this week so I hope you all enjoyed. Thank you for everything. ","Summary":" Title : Just Tell Him Already Pairing : William Beardsley/Dylan North Rating : T Word Count (Chapte"},{"Movie":"From Hell","Title":"One Love","Author":"MissBarry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3456112","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimern- - - I own no-one PartnOne \"Ellondarling...\" said a voice that only Becky knew too well. Shenturned around to see a gorgeous man standing behind her. He had darknhair and was wearing a dark suit... Abberline grinned and took anstep closer to her, he reached for her hand then kissed it, \"Callnme Fred...\" Becky smiled \"Hullo Fred...\". \"Mayni come in?\" Gestured Fred to the little white-washed house thatnBecky liked to call home. \"Of course sir,\" Becky led himninside...It was a dirty little hovel, there was a bed in one cornernof the room and a small range sat in the other corner. \"Therenhave been strange goings on in Whitechapel,\" Explained Fred tonBecky. \"Murders and killings, that no one can explain. I don'tnwant you to be the next victim,\" He stroked her face. \"Comenand live with me?\" \"Ok,\" Becky smiled. She couldn'tnrefuse...men were always throwing themselves at her... Fred smilednback. \"It's just so long I know you're safe miss,\" Henstroked her long beautiful red hair and slid his arm down her back...[Chapter 2] Partn2 Becky awoke with a naked Fred Abberline next to her, shenpulled him closer and stroked his hair. Suddenly there was anseries of bangs on the front door... Becky sat up and pulled hernpetticoat on, she opened the door. It was a policeman. \"Hello,\"nSaid Becky curtsying. \"Shut up whore, where'snAbberline?\" Becky gestured towards the bed, the policeman sawna naked Abberline sprawled across her tiny bed. The policemannrolled his eyes. \"When he comes around, tell him to get back tonthe station,\". \"I will,\" Becky smiled. She shut thendoor and went to get back into bed. She slid in next to Fred. Frednopened his eyes and sat up. \"What time is it?\" \"It'snmorning,\" Becky smiled. She kissed his neck. Fred smiled backnat her and his hand slid down her leg. \"Oh yeah,\" SaidnBecky squealing as Fred tickled her. \"The Constable called, henwants you at the station immediately,\". Fred looked at her.n\"Did he say why?\" \"No,\" \"Oh,\"nFred climbed out of the bed and started pulling on his clothes. Beckynlay in bed and watched him get dressed. \"Will you be backnlater?\" \"How could I stay away?\" He grinned and laynon top of her and gave her a series of kisses until he reached hernnavel. \"I'll see you later sweetheart,\" He disappearednthrough the door...[Chapter 3] Partn3 \"Where have you been Abberline?\" Asked thensergeant. \"Sleeping with a whore or chasing the magicndragon?\" The other policemen who were in the room startednlaughing at this comment. Fred closed the door behind him andnglared at the men, at this they stopped laughing. \"For yourninformation,\" Fred shouted. \"I have been looking after anyoung woman. Now as i am here, you can tell me what has happened,\".nHe looked around the room and the men's faces who were a couple ofnseconds ago full of life, were now looking terrified. Fred lookednat the sergeant for answers. \"There has been 3 more killingsnsir,\" said the sergeant walking towards Fred. \"Their bodiesnwere found lying on top of each other,\". Fred looked alarmed.n\"Were they women?\" \"Yes sir,\". Fred rollednhis eyes. He thought about Becky. He thought about her face, hernsmile, her eyes...\"I can't let that killer murder any morenwomen!\" The sergeant smirked \"Don't want to loosenanymore women? You must be busy,\" Fred glared at himn\"Whatever...how were they killed?\" \"The same way asnbefore, their throats were sliced and their organs werenremoved,\" Fred imagined Becky laying on her bed, her throatnsliced, and her body all mangled. Fred shook violently. \"Therenis a young woman i am worried about,\" He whispered to thensergeant. \"I've asked her to come and stay with me,\". Thensergeant smiled at Fred. \"Well that's ok, as long as shendoesn't keep you from your job...\"[Chapter 4] Partn4 Fred left the station at 7:00 p.m and wandered aimlesslynthrough the dirty streets of white chapel. He stopped outside Becky'snhome. He strode towards the door and rapped his knuckles against thenwood. Becky opened the door. Fred smiled at the sight of hernlong flowing red air against her beautiful face. \"May i comenin?\" He smiled taking his hat off. Becky opened the doornwider so Fred could pass. She closed the door and clung to Fred, hernface looked terrified. \"I'm scared Fred...\". Fred heldnher in his arms. \"I know sweetheart. I'm scared too,\" Henstroked her hair softly and lovingly. \"I'm here to take you to ansafe place,\" Becky's face lit up. \"You're so kind,\" \"I can't help caring about you,\" Fred smiled. He wantednto tell her that he loved her...but he couldn't bring himself to donit... \"I don't have many belongings,\" Becky said rathernembarrassed. \"Don't worry...I'll buy you new clothesntomorrow,\" Fred kissed her lips. Becky smiled. \"I can'tnthank you enough,\" \"You don't have to thank me...nownlets get going,\". Fred took her hand and led her out of thensmall little house and down the road. Fred felt so happy, he had thenwoman he loved holding his hand, now he just had to keep her safe...[Chapter 5] Partn5 Fred opened his front door and Becky stepped inside. It wasnpitch black so Fred closed the door and lit a lamp and took Becky'snhand and led her down the lightened hallway. He led her upstairs. \"This is a nice place,\" Said Becky wide eyed. There wasna rich red carpet running down the long hallway and the stairs andnthere were many portraits on the walls. Fred smiled. \"Thisnis your room,\" They stopped outside the door which was closestnto the stairs. Fred opened it and they walked inside. Fred litnanother lamp and placed it on a white dressing table. \"Thisnis beautiful,\" Becky smiled running her long fingers along thendresser. \"I know,\" Fred said. Becky turned to himnand said \"I'm really grateful, you may have saved my life, thenmaniac aint gonna find me ere is he?\" \"I hope not!\"nThe image of Becky's damaged body came back into his head. He shooknit forcefully and ran his hands through his hair. \"What's thenmatter?\" Becky asked putting her hand on his shoulder. \"It'snnothing,\" Fred kissed her hand and tried to forget what he hadnjust seen. \"You'll be ok in here won't you?\" He asked. \"Ofncourse,\" Becky smiled. \"Goodnight Inspector,\" \"Callnme Fred...goodnight sweetheart,\" Fred kissed her lips and leftnBecky alone in the lightened room...[Chapter 6] Partn6 Becky changed from her dress and got into bed with herntattered petticoat...she didn't have any night-clothes. She blew thenlamp out and pulled the blankets over her. She hadn't been this warmnfor years. She closed her eyes and she was soon fast asleep... Thennext morning Becky awoke to find Fred sitting at the end of thenbed. \"Morning sweetheart,\" He said smiling. \"Sleepnwell?\" \"I did thanks,\" Becky beamed. \"I wasnvery warm,\" She pulled the blankets off her to reveal hernpetticoat. Fred seemed taken aback by the tattered thing. \"Youncan't wear that in bed...i'll find you something else to wearntonight,\" He stood up and drew back the curtains. \"I'vengot to go to a funeral today for one of the ripper's victims...do younwant to come or do you want to stay here?\" Becky sat up.n\"I'll come...i think your job is very interesting,\" Frednturned around. \"Ok...but I've got to ask the friends of thenvictims questions afterwards...you could wait in the Victoria Albertnmuseum for me...,\" \"I'll never be allowed innthere...look at me,\" Becky poked her raggedy petticoat. \"Justntell those posh bastards that you've got permission from InspectornFrederick Abberline ok,\" Fred said. \"I'm leaving in aboutnan hour, so it would be a good idea if you got dressed...need anynhelp?\" Becky smiled. \"I need lots of help,\"...[Chapter 7] Partn7 Fred got a dress out from the cupboard. \"There younare,\" He handed her a beautiful green dress with lace. \"It'snbeautiful!\" Becky explained. She slipped off her petticoat andnadmired the dress. \"It was my wife's,\" Fred said. Hensmiled at Becky. \"Well go on then, put it on,\" Beckynsmiled and slipped the dress on. \"Wow. It fits beautifully,\"nBecky twirled around. \"What do you think,\" Shenpreened. \"You look beautiful,\" Smiled Fred. Henkissed her lips. \"Well I've got to go to work now. I'll seenyou later in the museum,\" \"Ok,\" Becky kissed himnback. Fred putnhis hat on and walked out the front door. He walked down the busynLondon street. He smiled to himself as he thought of Becky in thatndress. \"So beautiful,\" He whispered to himself. Suddenlynabout 100 yards ahead of him there was a commotion. At least 40npeople were crowded something. \"Excuse me!\" Frednshouted. \"I'm a Police Inspector,\" The people letnhim pass and a sight met his eyes that was so disgusting he gaggedninto his hanker chief. \"This man is a maniac!\" Fredncoughed. \"I can't let this happen to Becky,\" He whispered.[Chapter 8] Partn8 Fred hurried to the station to tell the Sergeant. \"Andisgusting, mangled body,\" Fred panted. \"I nearlyngagged,\" \"Show me,\" Said the sergeant. Frednled the sergeant to the mangled body. \"Get out of the way!\"nHe shouted to the crowds of people who were crowded around it. \"Ohnmy!\" Exclaimed the sergeant. \"We have to examine this bodynimmediately!\" \"I'm meant to be meeting a friend innthe museum later,\" Fred said blushing. \"Oh, is itnthis girl again,\" the sergeant raised his eyebrows. Frednflushed and nodded. He rolled his eyes, \"Go and meet hernthen, I'll handle this,\" Fred smiled and ran throughnthe busy crowded street to the museum. He walked inside and wanderednupstairs, he had an idea of where Becky might be. When he got to thentop, he found her admiring the beautiful artwork. He smiled when hensaw her. The sight of her in the green dress made him feel happy.nBecky reminded him so much of his previous wife. \"Ellondarling,\" He said Becky turned around a smile spreadnacross her face...[Chapter 9] Partn9 Fred embraced Becky. \"Hello sweetheart,\" He saidnBecky's hair rubbing against his cheek. \"Hello Fred, I'venjust been looking at some amazing artwork,\" Becky seemed verynexcited. \"I always wanted to paint, but then me mam died andnwell you know...,\" Becky broke off flushing. Fred didn'tnknow what to say. \"I'm sorry,\" He said quietly. \"It'snok,\" Said Becky wiping a tear away. \"Look at this,\"nShe said more brightly. \"Don't you think it's amazing?\" Shenadmired a lovely Devin chi painting. \"It's lovely,\"nFred smiled. He took Becky's hand. \"Listen,\" He whisperednin her ear. \"There's been another murder, another women has beennkilled,\" Becky's eyes widened in shock. \"Oh no! Whatnif he gets me next?\" \"He won't while I'm around?\"nFred reassured her. \"I'll protect you,\" \"Butnwhat if he does get me Fred? What if he kills me like those othernwomen?\" Fred shook his head violently trying to block outnthe images of Becky's mangled body. \"What's the matterndarling?\" Becky asked putting her arms around him. \"It'snnothing,\" He said strain fully. \"I think we should leavenWhitechapel,\" He said more seriously his brown eyes lookedndeeply into her blue ones. \"We can't stay here, I wouldn't benable to go on if the ripper got you,\"[Chapter 10] Partn10 \"So we're really going to leave?\" Asked Beckynwhen they were out in the crisp autumn weather leaving the beauty ofnthe museum behind them. \"Yes, as soon as we can,\"nFred felt rather scared. What would they do about money? Where wouldnthey live? Fred had loads of questions spinning around in hisnmind. The two of them walked through the busy street. Fred wasnpraying that there hadn't been another murder. He just couldn'tnhandle seeing another mangled corpse. He had seen enough of them tonlast him a lifetime. He slid his hand into Becky's and smiled atnher. \"Where are we going to go,\" AskednBecky \"Anywhere but here,\" Fred said more seriously.n\"Now listen,\" He turned to her and stroked her hair. \"Don'tntell anyone we're leaving, and go back to my house and packneverything you can into a suitcase, ok?\" He slid the door keyninto her hand. \"I've got to go to the station to inform themnthat i no longer work there anymore,\" Becky noddednlooking rather scared. Fred saw how scared she was, at this,nhe took her face and they began to kiss passionately in the middle ofnthe street. Passers by stared in awe and a few young mennwolf-whistled. Becky looked rather embarrassed. \"I lovenyou,\" She shouted to Fred as they parted. \"I lovenyou too,\" Fred shouted back... ","Summary":" Disclaimern- - - I own no-one PartnOne \"Ellondarling...\" said a voice that only Becky knew too we"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Between Love and Blood","Author":"ZabuzasGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10899612","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: I own nothing except for the OC. Between Love and Blood Prologue Deep underground within the darkness of the earth a candle was lit bringing light to the shadows surrounding a large writing desk. On its surface laid an open leather book standing as a journal were its blank pages patiently waiting to be of any use for words to be written making them no longer blank in a recording. A hand with gray fur with old and wrinkled skin aged by time reached out to take a quill situated beside the leather bound book. After dipping the tip into a bottle of ink he began to write that of a brand new entry. \"Jonathan Brisby…was killed today while helping with the plan. It has been four years since our departure from Nimh and our world is changing. We cannot stay here much longer. Jonathan was a dear friend. I am lost in knowing how to help his widow. She knows nothing of us or the plan. Perhaps I should do nothing at present. I shall miss him,\" said the old rat, sad. On the bottom of the new entry the speaker signed his signature for what is was Nicademous. Nicademous lifted a necklace lying nearby holding it in his hands while he gazed upon the radiant beauty of the red jewel at the center of the amulet. \"Jonathan,\" he rasped, \"wherever you are comfort your wife tonight as she sleeps. For when she searches for you awaiting your return she will soon be learning you will not return home to her.\" He then approached an open chest placed in a spot over the writing desk. Gently he put the amulet inside on the small cushion. He closed and locked the lid for no one to be able to reach its power. Its past owner was gone with it now having to wait for a new one to reveal itself in time one worthy of its strength. \"Farewell,\" said Nicademous, sadly, patting the chest, \"my friend.\" A great mouse was lost to their numbers one that could never be replaced. He would be missed by most if not at all. He would be remembered always as time moved on for the others. Hopefully the plan could still go on successfully without him. Please review[Chapter 2] Between Love and Blood Chapter 1 Bursting into our shared living chambers the ferocity in my elder brothers face made the level of his anger quite apparent. He snarled \"Fools! I'm surrounded by complete utter fools!\" Putting down my needle and thread, I sighed \"What has gotten you so angry this time, Jenner?\" \"Many of our comrades are beginning to agree with what Nicodemus thoughts are about leaving the rosebush,\" snarled Jenner, discarding his sword to the side pacing back and forth. \"We have everything we need right here. Leaving it all to search for a new place in the wild is unnecessary and pointless.\" \"They don't mean to disagree with you, Jenner,\" I assured voice and eyes soft, \"they just carry different views on what they wish to do. They only prefer to work for what they want instead of just stealing to retrieve it.\" \"Don't tell me you're agreeing with them, Joanna,\" sneered Jenner, a dangerous glint in his eyes as he halted his pacing turning his head towards me, \"taking their side over mine-.\" \"I'm not saying that, Jenner,\" I insisted. \"I'm surprised you would even suggest such a thing. I'm your sister you should know me better than that.\" \"That had better be the case,\" warned Jenner, moving closer to stand in front of the fire with his hands clasped behind his back, \"for we are blood and blood never betrays the other.\" \"We are brother and sister,\" I assured, \"I will never side against you.\" \"The same can't be said for those of the Council,\" growled Jenner, leaning on the hearth by the elbow as he stared into the embers. \"The whole lots of them, but for a few, are nothing only weakling. Many have already fallen victim to the ideals of Nicodemus. With the direction things are going others will soon follow their example unless something is done.\" \"If so then you will have to convince them otherwise,\" I said, returning to the mending of his cape. The rip was quite large and had already proven difficult taking up a lot of time by my standards. \"By your methods of persuasion I'm confident you'll be able to alter your comrades minds back the way you want for them to go.\" Tiredly rubbing his eyes, Jenner said \"Perhaps…drastic matters will soon have to need to be taken.\" \"Jenner don't do anything reckless you'll only regret later,\" I cautioned. \"In order to turn the tide your way you'll require the complete support of those leading members of the Council. Blackmailing and threatening those individuals the only thing that'll happen is other members pulling out losing the ones you already have. If that happens you wont get anywhere.\" \"The only thought in my mind is to remain here in the rosebush where all of us belong,\" said Jenner, voice and eyes cold. \"But you wont get there by using violence,\" I argued, brow raised. \"I know your ambition is what's pushing you further, but calm cunning and strategy are all you need to succeed. Using violence as the means to win is just going to far only doomed to fail.\" Running a hand along his head, irritated, Jenner conceded \"Very well I'll do it your way…for now.\" \"That's all I ask,\" I said, smiling. \"After all the last thing I want is to see you locked away in a cell for the rest of your life. We escaped from Nimh in order to achieve freedom from such a fate.\" \"As you constantly remind me on so many occasions,\" said Jenner, annoyed, rolling his eyes. \"Perhaps if you would put more effort into restraining your temper having it under control a bit more I wouldn't have to keep reminding you from doing anything foolish,\" I countered, \"but reigning in your temper so many times is what I'm here for if not to give you my love.\" Jenner was shaking his head, but now instead of hostility a fond smile was taking shape on his mouth one that revealed a bit of teeth. He said \"Whatever would I do without you, Joanna?\" \"Probably rotting away somewhere deep in the gutter for all we know,\" I chuckled. \"You know very well you wouldn't last one day in this world without me.\" \"No argument there,\" agreed Jenner. At last I was finished with mending the broken rips and loose threads in his cape. Looking at it now those signs of damage were as if they hadn't existed at all. Placing my needle and thread aside I rose from my seat holding the cape carefully over my arms. \"Take heart in what you have, Jenner,\" I advised, softly. \"You may find things will turn to your advantage sooner than you think.\" Jenner remained still as I arranged the cape around his shoulders. As soon as I was done situating it correctly there was a knock on the door. \"Enter,\" ordered Jenner. At Jenner's invitation the door opened revealing our friend Sullivan from the other side. Sullivan was another member of the Council. Like the two of us Sullivan was a rat, also, from Nimh, but at the same time so much different when it comes to appearance. Sullivan was a close friend of Jenner's at Nimh and even now while living at the rosebush since the great escape. Sullivan was around the same age as Jenner, but while they were similar in age all else was the other way around. Sullivan was much shorter than Jenner with his head reaching my brothers chest, but not quite even with the shoulder. Jenner was tall being lean and well muscled along his chest and arms while Sullivan was fat with hardly any trace of muscle on him. His attire was without a cape wearing a brown tunic a few shades lighter than his own fur the exact one he wore all the time. Jenner was a tall well-built rat carrying a tunic of scarlet and black wrapped at the waist was a belt with some covering the top of his shoulder blades. His fur was black with patches of gray on his arms, legs, hands, and mouth. Looking further in the only black on his fur was stationed on his head. His eyes which once had been kind and happy, but now cold and calculating were as dark as the deepest hole in the earth. Jenner and I may have been brother and sister, but my appearance, heart, mind, and personality was completely opposite of his. Like Jenner I was similar in his height only being a slight bit shorter with the tip of my ears barely reaching his shoulders. Besides height I was indeed much smaller in stature to Jenner being tiny and slender with curves in all the right places. My own fur was as black as a raven's wing the surface being as soft as a rose petal from a flower that first blooms at the beginning of spring. Not an ounce of white or gray was there to cause any kind of blemish to make me stand out. My eyes resembled that of a does, but not only in shape. The shade was an unusual one for a rat being the color of deep violet. Others who knew me were astonished by my kind and gentle nature when they compared my disposition to that of my elder brother. Once many within our colony became familiar with me only then did they understand why this was reality. None more so than those I'd become well acquainted with. \"Sullivan,\" I said, pleasantly, \"what bring you to our chambers this time of day?\" Although I was being polite and the question being innocent enough I already knew why he showed his presence there. Whenever these two met up there were always constantly discussing nearly exact same thing every time. \"Nothing of any importance,\" said Sullivan, hands clasped behind his back. \"I just need to speak to Jenner of the most recent meeting the Council had today.\" The look in his eyes showed he wished to do so privately, but was far too polite to even suggest me leaving. Fortunately, for Sullivan, he didn't need to make the decision since I decided it for him. \"I'll leave you two to talk,\" I said, retrieving a basket from the table. There were things inside the storeroom I required in order to make supper tonight. \"Jenner is there anything you'd prefer in particular before I go?\" Waving a dismissive hand, Jenner said \"Just take whatever you can carry, Joanna. If you must make a split decision then choose anything that hadn't yet become spoiled.\" Nodding, quickly kissing him on the cheek, I left the two to their own devices. On my way out I grabbed the water bucket as it was close to the door. While I was out I may as well fill it up again. The storeroom where all of the colonies supplies were kept was on one of the higher levels underground that meant I had quite the walk to undertake in order to get the necessary food. I didn't mind for I liked to constantly walk in order to achieve some descent exercise. The dress I was wearing didn't hinder me at all in the slightest. This dress wasn't the only piece of clothing I owned, but it was indeed one of my favorites. The hem of the dress reached all the way down to the ankles. The skirt was loose fitting providing plenty of leg room to move while at the same time keeping tight to the body. The bodice didn't have any sleeves with the only fabric remaining of them being just over the shoulders. It was low cut revealing a tiny bit of the top of my breasts showing over the fabric. To complete the garment was a corset to make the bodice finished. The ties keeping it together were situating in the front instead of how a usual corset would do in the back. The majority of the dresses color was a deep shade of ocean blue while the corset on the bodice was of a light aqua. Having the two mixed together in such a unique combination created the affect on appearance even better than hoped. The chambers Jenner and I shared together were at the end of a corridor constructed close by some others though not so close to where we could be at risk of losing our privacy. Upon reaching the end of the mentioned corridor I soon entered a room quite immense in size from our point of view. It was a large room with a number of separate corridors radiating from it in as many directions as would petals from the flower of a daisy. On one side of the room was the entrance to an elevator that would easily bring me to the upper levels. Directly opposite of the elevator an open arch led into an area known as the assembly hall. Basically this was a place where meetings were held. Judging by the amount of voices booming from within I could make out I would say the majority of them remained there conversing. Ignoring all of the sound coming from there I immediately approached the storeroom situated in between the elevator and the assembly hall. This was where all of the food along including fresh water we'd gathered on each foraging expedition was stored. It'd been a while since the last recent one so they were beginning to get depleted again in supply. There would have to be another one soon. Winter was going to be over in a few days makings things in that regard a lot easier. Until that time we were going to have to make do rationing with what we had. Our water supply was already weighing heavily on my mind so I thought of filling the water bucket first. Kneeling I placed the water bucket next to my legs. Leaning downward I dunked the bucket into the water pulling it along. Within seconds the bucket was full to the top so I brought it out. As I sat there gazing into the water at my own reflection as the water began to settle again. Dipping the top of my finger into the water ripples spread from the one spot. As this happened a favored song of mine came forth causing me to start humming soon turning into actual voiced lyrics. Listen carefully… … and you may hear it. The winds carrying… … a calling from the past. Move forward. It's there… … the tranquil faith. Before I could continue on another voice came in from behind intervening where I left off. One that I knew very well singing in a medium high and deep voice. Prayers pass through time. … and my promises are fulfilled. Take a deep breath… … and the distant souls will… … call out. Call out. As he'd been singing in my place I heard his footsteps slowly coming up the rear. I wasn't able to do so before since I was occupied with something else. Only when he was directly behind me on the final note did I receive correct confirmation on his identity. His face reflected back at me from the surface of the water. Smiling, I said \"I'm surprised you know the word to that lullaby.\" Grinning, hands on hips, Justin said \"It was simple enough to recall. After all you're constantly either singing or humming it around the colony it's kind of difficult not to.\" He had a point there one I couldn't argue with. Similar to the relationship between Jenner and Sullivan, Justin and I'd been close friends ever since the escape from Nimh. He was chestnut in color, tall, broad shouldered, well muscled, and extraordinarily handsome. He was wearing a shirt the color of cream with puffed sleeves that reached all the way at the wrists. The tunic he was wearing was placed over the shirt only revealing the sleeves along with the folded edged sides of the white collar. It was high reaching the bottom of his neck with the sides folded down. In the middle was a golden jewel keeping it in place. The tunic he was wearing was a dark green close to what the trees would resemble during the late spring. Justin was younger than Jenner, but a few years older than myself. He was the Captain of the Guard, but was never once abusive in his power always very kind, good-natured, and above all honorable. Even among the opposition he always tried to search for the good in people although the intended hardly showed any in return. It was the main reason why most people in the colony gravitated towards him. Shrugging, I said \"What can I say I absolutely adore that song. It's my favorite ever since I first heard it as a small child. What are you doing our here anyway? Shouldn't you be in the Assembly Hall?\" \"The meeting has been long over by now,\" answered Jenner. \"There was no further need for me to remain there once it adjourned. I saw you come this way so I thought I'd join you.\" \"I'm glad for the company,\" I said, smiling. \"I'm just getting some food from the storeroom. We've run out of suitable things to eat in our chambers.\" Justin looked back and forth between the full bucket of water and the still empty basket. After coming to a decision he bent lifting the bucket in one of his hands. \"Then I'll just give you a hand,\" said Justin, \"at least until you get to your chambers. You can't carry all of this so far a distance on your own.\" \"I'm not sure if I agree with that, but I appreciate the assistance,\" I said, standing while taking the empty basket. I then began digging around the large amount of storage baskets and bottles containing the food. I needed to be careful with what I chose to bring back. Jenner absolutely hated it whenever I didn't bring the best cut of everything back with me. The first stop was to see if the remaining vegetables in storage locked away. The carrots, corn, and peas were fine, but the real dilemma came to the potatoes and tomatoes. A majority of them were bruised so there weren't many decent ones left to choose from. It couldn't be helped so I was going to return with less than I was originally happy with among those two. I could only take about two or three each and if I was careful with how I used them it might be possible to make them last until the next foraging trip through the farm along with other parts in the surrounding landscape. Once I possessed enough of the vegetables I required I moved off to see what else I could bring since I had the chance. As I looked I went over the list in my head. I eventually decided to takes some wheat, flour, and yeast along with a bag of rise enough for two to share. \"I didn't see you at todays assembly,\" said Justin, holding open a sack as I filled it with white rice. \"What kept you this time from coming?\" \"I had some work of my own to handle,\" I said. \"There was plenty of mending that needed to get done not only from my belongings, but Jenner's. In case you failed to notice it already Jenner didn't wear his cape while the meeting was taking place.\" Nodding, Justin said \"I was wondering about that. The frost still lies heavy in the air so it didn't quite make sense why he wasn't wearing it.\" \"There was a tear in the middle of the fabric so it needed to be repaired,\" I said. \"I only finished with all of the mending not too long ago.\" \"I'm glad you got it out of the way,\" said Justin, tying the small sack of rice closed placing it beside the vegetables in the basket. \"You put too much on yourself as it is. You need time to relax more.\" Longingly, I sighed \"That would be nice, but such free time is a dream for me. I have a lot to do with not enough hours in the day to do it all at once.\" \"Jenner shouldn't be putting so much on you,\" disapproved Justin, filling a small jar of yeast while I was occupied with the flour. \"It's not his fault,\" I said, defending Jenner. \"He merely had a lot of things on his mind leaving the rest for me to decide. He prefers things a certain way knowing I'll do it correctly.\" The necessary jars of wheat, flour, and yeast were now prepared inside the basket arranged with all the others. \"Thanks for your help,\" I said, holding out a hand for the water bucket, but I'll be going back now.\" Justin dodged the hand I'd extended in order to take the water moving out of range of my stretched fingers. Shaking his head, Justin said \"There's no way you can carry both things at the same time as heavy as they are. I'll carry the water for you.\" Knowing he wasn't going to budge on the matter, conceding, I sighed \"Fine, but only part of the way. Once we get close enough I'll be taking it from there.\" Nodding Justin and I began to make our way out of the storeroom. Justin said \"Things got a bit heated in todays meeting. Many members of the Council kept arguing back and forth constantly with each other nearly the entire session.\" \"Without Jonathan to act as mediator between them I can only guess at what went on in there,\" I said. A solemn expression appeared on his face as his mouth downturned into a tight frown. \"How are you holding up since the incident happened,\" he asked. I knew very well what he was speaking about. The death of Jonathan Brisby occurred not too long ago in the last few days. Justin's question was a well-founded one. Jonathan and I didn't know each other very well, but we did consider ourselves to be acquaintances. His untimely death hit a majority of our numbers quite hard. \"Yes, I must admit his death has hit hard on nearly everyone who knew him,\" I said, \"but the loss I feel at his passing shouldn't be as impacting as yours.\" \"What do you mean,\" inquired Justin, brow raised. \"If my memory is correct Jonathan was a key factor in initiating the Plan,\" I said. \"Continuing it without him is going to be difficult.\" \"Ah,\" said Justin, understanding what I was implying, \"yes, Jonathan Brisby was a key player, but he's not the only one who wants the Plan to succeed. We'll be fine even with him gone.\" \"For your sake, Justin, I hope so,\" I said. \"I know how much the Plan means to you.\" Smiling Justin patted my back in appreciative thanks. As I felt his hand leave my back something rushed through me. It wasn't anything painful to the touch just a feeling I couldn't quite recognize although it wasn't unwelcoming. We turned a corner having at least reached the hallway where my shared chambers with Jenner resided in location. Coming to a stop, I said \"This is where I leave you. Thanks again for your assistance I really appreciate it.\" \"Think nothing of it,\" said Justin, \"I was glad to do it. I needed something to do anyway.\" He then handed me the bucket of water watching as I adjusted it into my hold around the basket of food supplies. \"Are you sure you're going to be able to handle all that the rest of the way?\" \"I'll be fine the door is right there. I'll make it just fine on my own,\" I assured. \"All right then I'll see you around,\" said Justin. \"Have a nice night.\" \"You too,\" I said, smiling. \"You know you could stay and join us for supper. By the look of things I'll be making plenty.\" Shrugging, shaking his head, Justin said \"Despite the tempting offer I think I'll pass on it for now. I wouldn't want to ruin your evening. You and I both know the opinion Jenner has of me so it wouldn't be a fitting idea.\" \"That's true,\" I sighed, conceding. \"I'll see you around.\" With one last final wave Justin turned around traveling back the way we'd come. I watched him leave and only once he was out of sight did I continue on the rest of the way. As I got closer to the door I could hear the joined voiced of Jenner and Sullivan in a very heated conversation. As I started to make out what they were arguing about brow furrowed I came to a complete stop outside quietly listening in. Since Sullivan lingered they'd obviously both had been at it for some time. \"Brisby's death changes things drastically now that he is out of the picture,\" said Jenner. \"With the amount of initial influence Brisby had he easily was able to sway the minds of the others anyway he wished. None have been able to refuse out of respect. Now that he's deceased things should be changing in our favor. Instead nearly every single one of those fools is for it!\" \"The respect they carry for Jonathan Brisby hold strong grips in their hearts,\" concurred Sullivan, nodding, \"but that is not the entire truth behind it all.\" \"Enlighten me then,\" invited Jenner. By the sound of his voice the general direction his tone was taking revealed he was quickly becoming annoyed getting impatient. Delicately, Sullivan explained \"While there is much respect in the memory of Jonathan he never was truly the deciding factor. All have agreed to leave and travel to Thorn Valley by their own decisions on the subject even without his urging next to Nicodemus and Justin. It was always their own path to make.\" \"Then we'll just have to turn their thoughts back in the right direction,\" growled Jenner, tone of voice dangerous nearly deadly, \"…our way.\" At this point I'd heard enough. Making it seem like I'd only arrived seconds before on my return I knocked lightly on the door alerting them to my presence. Immediately conversation on the other side ceased altogether. \"Jenner, I'm back,\" I announced. \"May I come in?\" \"Well it's about time,\" said Jenner. \"Enter.\" With my hands full with both basket and bucket I was required to shoulder my way inside while pushing the door open enough to get through. I found the two sitting by the hearth absorbing the heat of the fire. At the entrance my entrance the two stood in welcome. Jenner had an expression of annoyance on his face whether it was at Sullivan or at me I wasn't totally sure. \"It's about time you got here,\" said Jenner, agitated. \"I was beginning to wonder what you were doing to be taking so long in acquiring the food.\" \"I'm sorry, Jenner,\" I apologized, head lowered as I moved around them placing the water near the side of the hearth, \"I got a little…distracted. I'll start on dinner right now.\" Taking the basket full of goods over to the table I began to unload. \"Will you be joining us for supper tonight, Sullivan? I brought enough for two, but I can stretch it out if you're going to be staying.\" After a shared sidelong glance at Jenner, Sullivan declined \"It's a tempting offer to hold, but I'll have to pass on it this time.\" \"Are you sure,\" I asked, head cocked. Refusing my offer handed to him wasn't something I expected him to do. Sullivan usually ate his meals alone and it was common knowledge he wasn't a descent cook. Because of this he'd usually eat with us any chance he would get always commenting on how good my cooking was when filling the confines of his very stomach. Something had to be up to cause him to refuse a choice of good food compared to his. Judging by the glare Jenner was aiming at Sullivan he no longer tolerated his presence to be here. \"I'm sure,\" said Sullivan, rising from his seat while dusting off his tunic. \"I'll be taking my leave now, Joanna.\" He gave a respectful farewell nod in my direction and then aimed one at Jenner. A few seconds later he was gone out the door. Immediately after Sullivan had taken his leave I started to work on the preparations for supper. By resulting reaction Jenner gave out at my entrance I could sense he was hungry at this point in time. I decided to alter tactics instead making a more simple meal than the one I'd first came to mind, but still filling along with deliciousness. It would be a stew made out of plain potatoes, carrots, and radish all with a pinch of spice to provide some extra flavor. Carrying a good-sized pot over to the hearth hanging it over the roaring fire I filled it with a small fraction of water I'd acquired. It didn't take long for the water to head and within moments the top was boiling. Sitting on the same wooden stool I'd used earlier while doing the mending currently with a tiny table in front I was slicing the necessary vegetables dropping them in. I'd picked out one of each and at the last minute decided to add an onion switching it with the spice I thought to use. It was wiser to save the spice for a better occasion that called for it instead of wasting the resource. Besides onions would mix better with the other chosen ingredients than the pinch of spice could have. During the time I was doing all of the Jenner had taken a separate seat close by. He'd taken his swords cleaning of any residue along with specks of garbage that managed to stick there. He didn't want there to be any problems when a time came for when its use was necessary. It would be completely useless to him if it happened. To simply lose a fight from a damaged blade wasn't something he wished to occur. \"What's on you mind, Brother,\" I asked, knowing there was something Jenner wished to say, but was restraining himself further. \"It is unusual to take so long when gathering supplies from the storeroom,\" said Jenner. \"I'm curious what was the cause for your delay. Care to explain?\" It was supposed to be an innocent question, but I sensed the real purpose behind it. Jenner was actually in fact daring me to hold the information from him. I wasn't about take the bait I knew better than to even try. \"I ran into Justin while I was fetching the water,\" I said, keeping my head lowered as I was chopping the carrots. \"We got to talking while I moved on to the food he stuck around escorting me back here.\" At the look Jenner gave me I quickly cut him off. \"As soon as we reached our hallway I convinced him to leave. I know how you don't like it when people come down here unannounced without your initial knowledge of it. As far as I know he didn't catch a thing you two were saying.\" Brow raised, Jenner said \"I believe I warned you to keep away from the likes of him.\" \"I know, I know,\" I said dumping the carrots into the boiling pot, \"but Justin and I have been friends for a while. It's hard to let such a friendship go after you've known someone over such an expanse of time. I know you don't approve of him…\" \"On the contrary,\" interrupted Jenner, \"I think you should get close to him. Ignore all I've told you before about staying away from the Captain keeping your distance.\" That really caught me off guard causing my hands to freeze in the middle of preparing an onion. \"Come again,\" I said, confused. Jenner chuckled \"I believe you heard me,\" he raised an amused brow at me. \"You seem surprised.\" \"It's only…I know for a fact you absolutely despise Justin and ultimately don't want me to have anything to do with him. To hear you say something like this isn't at all like you,\" I said, suspicious of his intentions. \"In usual circumstances this would be so, but things have seriously changed,\" said Jenner, examining the blade of his sword. \"The truth is I now view it to be beneficial for a relationship between you and the Captain to be developed and kept. I need you to do something for me.\" Crossing my arms, I said \"Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like what you have in mind.\" \"Justin may be the Captain of the Guard, but he is basically the right hand of Nicodemus. He's always been which shows an explanation to his support and devotion to the old rat puts into play,\" said Jenner, sneering. \"With his current positions it would be certain he would have much of the inside information of what the opposition would generally be thinking,\" He stopped there allowing his words to linger affectively sinking in. There was no need for him to do so their meaning was clear. Eyes wide, uncrossing my arms, I accused \"You want me to spy on him!\" Shrugging, Jenner smirked \"You prefer me to call upon less conventional methods than I am used to and I have chosen this. Do you not approve?\" I could tell he was clearly doing this to mock me. \"No, I certainly do not approve,\" I exclaimed, outraged. \"You obviously misunderstood completely what I was trying to imprint into you. Yes, I want you to use more discreet less violent methods, but I didn't mean for you to turn away from one evil plot by moving onto a separate one. Least of all using me as a pawn to do it!\" \"That's one way to put it although I wouldn't exactly use such words to describe what I have in mind,\" said Jenner. \"I wont do it,\" I stated, firm. To my surprise instead of getting all enraged at the refusal he started laughing greatly amused. \"Something funny here,\" I demanded, eyes narrowed. Rising while sheathing his blade, Jenner said \"Only the very thought you think you won't do what I say.\" \"Jenner, I love you and I would do practically anything for you…except this,\" I said. I then returned to finishing the rest of the ingredients dumping them into the stew. The water was getting nearly way too hot to enjoy. \"So there's nothing I can say to you to change your mind,\" asked Jenner, leaning casually in his chair with hands locked behind his head. \"No,\" I said, teeth gritted, stubbornly not even glancing his way. Jenner sighed \"Very well. If you will not assist me…the only option left is to kill all in the opposition.\" My body snapped so fast the knife slipped from my fingers falling with a clang onto the stone floor. I gasped \"You can't be serious!\" \"Oh I assure you,\" drawled Jenner, \"I am very serious. If the option of using a spy is out of the question then the one logical to use is to annihilate the members of the competition one by one. As soon as that is over and done without their influence the ones with weaker gullible minds will fall first along with the others following after finally seeing the fault of what I've been speaking about all this while.\" \"There's no need for such violent actions to be taken,\" I objected. \"I'm afraid there is,\" he said, brow raised, \"unless someone's mind has changed if you have an even better idea to give.\" I kept my mouth shut hesitant to utter a single word causing me to make a rash decision before my thoughts could settle. Feeling I wasn't going to budge on the matter, but was starting to doubt Jenner thought of a plan one he knew wouldn't fail. The nature of his sister's heart wouldn't be able to refuse after this. Shrugging, Jenner said \"Very well. They will all fall by the blade of my sword. There is no time like the present to handle this now. I'm sure there are some of them wandering alone at this hour easy prey targets for me to slowly pick off.\" He rose feet directly taking him to the door leading out. Fear instantly rose inside of my heart not for myself, but for the ones whose lives he was threatening to take without second thought. No matter what my own personal views were I wasn't going to carelessly stand by while people lost their lives from selfish greed. Rushing to Jenner, laying a hand on his broad back, I said \"Wait.\" Halting with his hand hovering over the handle of the door, Jenner said \"Yes.\" \"Please…Please don't hurt any of them,\" I begged, solemn, \"I'll do as you ask. There's no need for you to kill.\" With his head directed away from me I was unable to get a clear view at his face. Unknown to my eyes the expression on his face transformed into one of pure victory and evil grin on his muzzle. His sister played right into his hands. \"Thought you might,\" said Jenner, turning placing his hands on my shoulders. \"Get closer to Justin do all you can whatever you need in order to draw out what their views on the Plan are. If you don't…well I think you get the idea…\" Oh I got it all right. I got it pretty well. \"I understand perfectly, Jenner,\" I said, softly, head lowered. Gently kissing my forehead as if there was never any sign of conflict arising, Jenner said \"Good girl now finish making the stew. You know I don't like my meals burned.\" A lot of steam was coming out of the pot signaling it needed to be moved off of the fire to mix. Nodding I went over to my seat sitting down. Jenner returned to his chair quite content satisfied his work was done. He knew I wouldn't allow apparent innocent lives to be lost when there was clearly something she could do in order to prevent such a tragic outcome. For him it was really far too easy. I pulled the pot of boiling stew away from the fire. I needed to mix everything so none would burn or dissolve completely into the water. In this process I fingered a wooden spoon lifting it the moment I realized something. My hands were trembling in fact my whole body was. It was then it truly hit me of what I'd agreed myself to. I'd made a deal with the devil. \"Dear God,\" I breathed, horrified, \"what have I done?\" Please Review.[Chapter 3] Between Love and Blood Chapter 2 I dreaded the come of the next day hoping the dawn would never arrive. Unfortunately not every hope or whish could be able to come true no matter how hard someone willed it to be. I forced myself to get out of bed with great reluctance trying to stay down I didn't know if Jenner was even awake at this hour, but if he were I wasn't going to give him any form of a heads up I was awake. Whatever he would say to me I didn't want to hear it. I'd have far more than enough of him last night. As quietly as I could I pushed open my door then while sticking my head out I did a quick sweep around the kitchen along with the rest of the living area. No sign of him was anywhere. The door to his own bedroom was closed shut not revealing any sign whether he was asleep or not. Either way I wasn't going to stick around to find out the answer. Moving with as much speed as I could while keeping a low profile I changed out of my nightgown and into one of my few dresses. This outfit is similar to the one worn the previous day just in an alternate color which is separate shadows of violet. I mad strokes with the brush through my long hair using it to be presentable for public view. Once properly fixed I checked the outside. There was still no movement of Jenner and I took it as a pretty good sign he wasn't going to show. Tiptoeing to the exit of our shared chambers I successfully reached with without making too much sound. Any made fortunately didn't become loud enough to alert Jenner of my leaving even if he was awake in his own room. Only when I was outside standing in the hallway did I at last breathe a large sigh of great relief. I wouldn't be bothered with my brother so early in the morning. I knew that if I played my cards right I wouldn't set me eyes n him again until supper. Deciding got stay hidden while spending my time wisely I made my way for the library. The main idea was to get a good book and finding a good place to read. Unfortunately even the best laid out plans never actually worked to fruition. Next to Jenner the last person I wanted to see came into my path, but not the same way I did him. \"Joanna,\" called Justin, stepping out from the shadows of another hallway. Instantly I froze in mid-step at the sound of his voice. Closing my eyes all I could feel was dread as the beat in my heart thumped against my ribcage. Taking in a deep breath to calm my nerves I transformed the expression on my face to one of welcome and contentment instead of sorrow. The conflicting emotions within must remain hidden masked by those not truly felt in the heart. \"Hello, Justin, I greeted turning to meet him, \"what brings you out and about so early after the dawn?\" \"I was about to inquire the same thing of you,\" said Justin, coming closer setting his hands upon his hips. \"If memory serves me correctly you are not known to usually be walking about so early in the morning. Shrugging nonchalantly, I said \"I just didn't feel like staying in bed this time I wanted to get out.\" \"That's a nice change for you,\" said Justin, nodding. \"You barely get out as it is. It's good for you o be out in the open every once in a while.\" \"Oh, I wasn't talking about going outside,\" I said. \"I was going to the library.\" Brow raised in amusement, Justin said \"Haven't you read the entire collection the library already?\" \"Yes,\" I admitted, \"but there are plenty of tomes I wouldn't mind reading again. They are very enjoyable and healthy for the mind.\" \"Can't argue with that. There's nothing wrong with strengthening of the amount of knowledge someone has in the mind,\" said Justin, \"but there is one thing I can think of. You stay down underground practically all the time never really surfacing or if you do you never go more than a couple of yards.\" \"I'm comfortable right where I am down here,\" I argued, crossly. \"I don't need to go anywhere else.\" Justin sighed \"Look, I'm going outside to get some fresh air. The air is beginning to get warmer again so the weather is perfect. You can always go through the library when you get back. All of those books will still remain there on the shelves waiting for you.\" I opened my mouth to retort when instantly a thought hit causing hesitation to rise. Jenner expected me to spy on the opposition for him even though he knew I severely detested the idea of doing this least of all against the people I considered close friends. With great reluctance I had agreed to the request he made of me. If I walked away from such a considerable opportunity to gather information he'd be absolutely furious if he learned I passed up a chance like this. The path ahead is clear. From where I was positioned Justin could clearly tell by the multiple emotions carried over my face I was definitely conflicted. Only he though I was originally trying to deliberate on going outside instead of reading the day away at the library. Feeling somewhat awkward Justin rubbed the back of his neck, sighing \"I'm sorry. I really shouldn't be-.\" \"I'll come along,\" I said, cutting in. Staring at me cautiously in disbelief, Justin said \"Joanna, you don't have to accompany me. I had no right to push you into it if you're not comfortable.\" Justin was completely off base in so many ways. Smiling, I said \"But I want to. You're right when you say I spend my time down here far too much. I need to get out of the rosebush a lot more often.\" \"All right,\" said Justin, placing a hand on my shoulder, \"…if you're sure?\" \"I'm sure,\" I reassured, softly. \"Now if we're done here I believe we're wasting some of our precious daylight.\" With a grin Justin turned rushing to catch up with me in that head start. Having some company wasn't originally what he had planned for the morning, but he was flexible and it was a pretty nice change. Unknown to both Justin and Joanna there had been a second party eavesdropping on their conversation watching them closely. It seemed that when Joanna checked to see if her brother was still out of it she didn't look hard enough. At hearing his sister trying to sneak out without his permission he was both angry yet intrigued. Keeping a close observation on Joanna from the shadows his anger grew when it appeared like she was going to back out of their deal. The moment the thought she was going to run he sneered at how quickly the tables had turned to force her hand to do as he previously ordered. At the last minute Joanna went outside leaving the rosebush with the good Captain. Jenner chuckled \"That's a good girl. Find out all I wish to know.\" Jenner settled comfortably in the shadows waiting patiently for their eventual return to the Colony in the underground to intercept. Authors Note: None of you are going to believe what happened to me recently. I was on the way to get my nails done for a potential job interview when suddenly another car slams into my from behind. An idiot driver wasn't paying attention so I and the car in front of me got hit pretty hard. I'm fine, got lucky, not a scratch on me, but it could've been a lot more serious. Right now the side of my head hurt and my left side is really starting to feel the pain. Nothings broken just sore and bruised. Bad news is my car got totaled. I really liked this car to I've had it for three years. Good news is I'm going to be able to buy a new one, unfortunately, it'll be a while before I can. That day was looking so bright and then this crap happened. For those of you who drive here, take my advice. EYES ON THE ROAD! I came out alive this time around. The same thing might not happen for any of you if you get into an accident. It's harsh, but the truth.[Chapter 4] Between Love and Blood Chapter 3 Joanna and Justin reached the elevator shaft. Inside was an elevator quite unusual by the many standards of the humans. Probably one they've never really seen before in their own world of inventions on earth. The whole room including the tunnel in order to keep the thing properly leveled and elevated, but since they we on the bottom floor there was no need for so yet. The thing was the head of an old street lamp. There was enough room inside to carry a good number of people, but right now there was more than enough room for two. Justin reached the elevator first. Grinning with a hint of mischief on his face he bowed to the waist an arm outstretched in an inviting manner. \"After you, Joanna,\" he said. \"Why thank you, Justin,\" I said, chin up. Once I was inside Justin closed the doors making sure they're locked up tight and safely secured. The whole thing was simple yet complex in its unique way of operation of movement. On the wall there were two small knobs one to take us up while the other would return underground when the appropriate time came for it to do so for them. Justin pressed one of them and instantly the floor began to rise beneath our feet. Neither of us was worried about the elevator falling apart on us for we were well used to it by now. Besides two strong cables along with having an electric motor running it were tugging it along. As we were moving up something else was occurring. From up above there was an opening where water was constantly flowing in through as if it was a small waterfall. Whenever the elevator would be used to rise panels would cover the holes in the floor where the water would sink into so that the water level would grow. Up to a certain point of height where it would be sucked into a different area. This way nothing would flood the place while we'd still be able to retrieve an unlimited supply of fresh water here all the time when it's much needed to have been brought. The elevator came to a clean halt at the edge of a platform closest to the surface, but not exactly there. On getting out Justin took the end of a large rope same as the one on the elevator and died it down in order to make sure it remained there until we returned after our outing from the rosebush. The elevator shook a bit as I exited from the machine, bust Justin offered a helping hand assisting me in stepping onto the ledge of the platform safely. The two of us then headed into a neighboring tunnel which lead into the next room. To anyone who hadn't already been living there the sight that greeted us would been seen as extremely breathtaking to the soul. The toy soldiers standing at attention on the left of the tunnel were cute, but none, along with the toy cars and other children toys lying around could compare to all of this. Different colored lights were on all over the place reflecting off of any kind of surface it could touch. It was a really pretty picture to the naked eye. \"So, Justin, I'm curious,\" I said, playfully. \"Where exactly are you taking me today?\" \"Well I was planning on going to pay a little visit to Mr. Ages,\" said Justin. \"To check on his progress with the sleeping powder,\" I inquired, head cocked. Nodding, Justin said \"That and there's an urgent matter I need to speak to him about.\" \"What would that be,\" I asked. Exhibiting a friendly grin, Justin said \"You'll just have to wait and see.\" In response I punched his shoulder in retaliation, but didn't pursue it further. After passing through a couple more corridors similar to the one before where you finally entered the main section of the rosebush on the surface. It was covered everywhere with all sorts of flowers in full blown bloom. As it had with all the others light from our electricity was shining from nearly every single direction causing it to appear so absolutely glorious. Set through the place was a path carefully formed by roots some inches above the water. Everything here was a private garden for us to enjoy at our on leisure. With such a yearly access to plenty of light and water all of these lovely blossoms were thriving perfectly underground where others usually wouldn't be able to thrive for too long by themselves. Standing outside of the doorway that led into the heart of our colony was the largest rat in the entire population. Brutus is to say the least intimidating on first glance. His appearance certainly easily made him so. His fur was a dark black mixed with a hint of blue. He was covered in all muscle with not an inch of fat anywhere on his person. Like most of the males he was wearing a tunic which was dark violet with a scarlet stitch on the trim of the violet fabric with a large red \"X\" sewn into the front. He stood guard there blocking the entrance from any who may hope to benefit by trespassing. Although he may look mean he was actually a big softie at heart on a good day even with an enormous spear standing in one of his hands. Upon hearing us coming up from the rear minutes before he was ready to receive. Once Brutus spotted us he eased up greeting us in a friendly and nonthreatening demeanor. Smiling, nodding a hello, Brutus said \"Justin. Joanna.\" \"Morning,\" responded Justin, nodding politely back at Brutus. \"Having an exciting time out here, aren't you, Brutus, I teased, eyes twinkling with mirth. \"Ha, ha, Joanna,\" retorted Brutus, \"you're a regular comedian.\" He may have acted pissed off, but I could tell he was laughing by the humor in his eyes behind all the agitation. Chuckling I stood up on tiptoe to give him a kiss on the cheek. \"Going out for a little excursion around the farm,\" said Brutus, free hand placed on his hip. Shaking his head, Justin said \"No, we're just going to pay a visit to Mr. Ages. There's an important subject matter I have to speak to him about.\" \"Why are you going with him,\" said Brutus. \"You hardly ever go outside let alone leave the rosebush. What's your excuse, Joanna?\" Shrugging, I said \"Felt it was time for a change. We'll return in a little while. Don't wait for us.\" I then began moving off to head the remainder of the way out without looking behind once at them. Brutus and Justin shared a bemused glance between them. His meaning clear Brutus wriggled his eyebrows while nudging Justin in the side of the chest. In retaliation Justin shoved his friend to the side, but not exactly hard enough to knock Brutus to the ground. Despite the annoyance Justin felt towards Brutus at the moment a smile couldn't help but take shape on his lips. He soon caught up to speed bringing us walking side by side again. Authors Note: Hope you guys like this.[Chapter 5] Between Love and Blood Chapter 4 Justin and I carefully made our way through thorns within the path so not to get pricked by any of them. People nearly got their eyes poked shut by those things so caution is necessary. Pushing out the last door it slowly shut behind us on its own. It had originally been set up to do so that way no one would do anything to accidentally leave it wide open for anyone to get in. As he did with the elevator Justin held aside the door allowing me to go first as a true gentleman would. At reaching the edge of the thorns the sunlight became more apparent. Holding up an arm to block the full force of the sun I paused in order to adjust to the change in atmosphere. Once that was done I went to step all the way out of the thorns when Justin's hand on my shoulder stopped me from taking another step out into the open ground. \"I wouldn't do that,\" warned Justin, pulling me back behind some thorns. Head cocked, I asked \"Why not?\" In response Justin pointed somewhere ahead of us closer to the farmers house. \"Oh,\" I said, realizing his caution was the famers family cat and the terror to the lives of many a rat and mouse. Dragon. Unlike the usual family cats who'd lay about relaxing while being surrounded by their adorning humans Dragon was the complete opposite to their entire kind. Dragon is a cat with one good eye on the right with the other one obsolete. His teeth were sharp enough to tear one of us in half if he managed to catch one of them. It wouldn't be an easy escape out of the cat's jaws even if there were a way. The same could be said for Dragons claws. H was called Dragon for a reason since clearly acting like one when chasing either one of us or an animal living in the fields. Right now the monster of a cat was not under the influence of the sleeping powder one of us would usually give him created by Mr. Ages himself. With this knowledge seriously held in mind we know we needed to be extra cautious for one wrong move could turn us into Dragons very next meal of the day. \"Oh just gran,\" I said, sarcastically. \"I was hoping the farmers would be keeping Dragon inside the farm house for the day.\" Justin chuckled \"Not likely for that to happen. The farmer's wife always lets him out no matter the weather. Although similar to you I was inclined to hope Dragon wouldn't be released from the confines of the house for at least a few hours more. It would save us a large amount of time if a chase from Dragon was possible to be avoided so early.\" \"But you must know a numbers of ways to go out into the open without getting caught,\" I inquired, initially looking for a way myself. \"You've gone to visit Mr. Ages at his home so many time already since he moved out to live on his own.\" \"Sure,\" said Justin, smiling. \"It had better be safe for us to cross,\" I hissed, teeth gritted. \"'Cause I swear if Dragon spots and starts chasing after us I am going to kill you even before he can.\" Justin laughed completely unfazed by my so called threat on his life. He knew it was all words I didn't mean it truly that way although my displeasure would be made apparent at the mess up in calculation. Gently squeezing my shoulder, Justin said \"I doubt that will come to pass, but if Dragon decides to pursue us I'll take the blame for it. Now come it's best to get a move on while he's distracted.\" He was referring to Dragon grooming his fur. With his head lowered and attention elsewhere it took some of the pressure off of us. Taking one of my hands in his Justin brought a finger to his lips signaling for quiet. If we were going to make it without sign of detection we'd have to do so by making as little noise as possible. I nodded to show I was prepared to move. Eyes on Dragon the whole time Justin patiently waited for the moment when the cat wasn't even close to glancing in our direction and bolted out from the shelter of the rosebush. Each time it appeared like Dragon was going to bring his head up we either jumped behind the closest shelter or froze on the spot depending where we were. Fortunately for us once we got passed the open ground reaching the farmers vegetable garden the major danger had left allowing us to now breathe at ease. Hidden in the vegetables it was more difficult for Dragon to spot us there now. We stopped for a minute or two in order to catch our breath. Grinning, Justin said \"See…I told you we'd get here all right.\" Shoving him in the shoulder, I said \"You got lucky. Besides we're only part of the way done. We still need to move across the grass unseen when returning to the rosebush.\" Justin only remained silent in his own defense while he shrugged and continued grinning all the while. Taking a ahold of my hand he led us out of the farmers wife's vegetable garden into the fields. The grass was tall completely concealing us from signs of detections. Lucky them. Authors Note: Hope you guys like this one. Happy Halloween! Also, the anniversary for the terrible tragedy of day of 9/11 year's ago just occurred. I was a very young child when that happened. All I can remember that day was my mother picking me and my little sister up from grade school. At home my sister and I learned what happened in New York City. My father came home soon after fearful that we were all going to be attacked. That was one of the scariest days of my life. I know for a fact I'll never forget it. I doubt anyone will. For those reading this right now I know we can't all be together, but I ask that you share a moment of silence and prayer, no matter your religion, out of respect for the people who died that day and those alive who are still suffering from being there that day. And those of you who may be either going to a restaurant or a bar please raise a glass in a toast for those survivors and fallen.[Chapter 6] Between Love and Blood Chapter 5 Close to the center of the main field stood the home of Mr. Age's which was an ancient piece of farming machinery no longer put in use. The farmer could get rid of it at any time he wanted to, but fortunately for now there were no signs of him even thinking of doing so. The entire thing was situated close by the river a small one that made it convenient when needed a close source of fresh water. The only way inside the machine was all the way on the top. There wasn't anything in place to help us in doing so without assistance by any tools. Although our bodies were generally small they were well equipped for climbing heights. Our claws, legs, arms, and feet allowed us to do so. Leaning back with a hand on a hip, the other shading my eyes, I breathed \"That's a really steep climb.\" As if just to spite me Justin dug his claws into the side of the machine and began to steadily make the climb up to the very top. \"Hey,\" I exclaimed, indignantly, hands on hips. Stopping for a second Justin looked down at me while grinning. He appeared completely amused of my predicament. \"What's the matter,\" he asked. \"Can't climb up?\" \"Are you kidding me,\" I scoffed, smirking. \"I can climb this contraption in my sleep.\" \"If you can do so then what are you waiting for,\" said Justin. \"Get up here and join me.\" \"I'm coming,\" I called. \"Just give me a moment.\" To be honest I sounded a whole lot more confident than I actually was making myself out to be. So nervous to even start, but knowing I had to follow him further up. So hesitant and with great reluctance I began to make the climb up to him. This was made more difficult by the dress I was wearing there. It kept getting in the way of my legs causing them to end up getting tangled together within the length of the fabric. I didn't fall, but my position needed to be corrected before such a thing actually happened to me. Justin waited patiently in the same place as before knowing that despite his provoking words along with my brief moment of bravado I needed time to carefully reach his current height. Caution was the better solution instead of unnecessarily rushing matters eventually causing harm. \"You all right,\" he asked, concern in his eyes. I found myself completely out of breath in order to regain it along with arms and legs gaining the strength returned to their muscles. My head was placed over the knuckles of a hand, forehead laid against it. \"I-I'm fine,\" I gasped, exhaustion clear, \"just n-need to catch my breath. My body isn't used to doing anything like this before now.\" Justin chuckled \"I can see that. Maybe I should bring you back to the rosebush if this is too much for you to handle right now.\" That snapped me right out of it. I'd already come this far so my very pride wasn't going to allow me to turn back now. Besides if I returned and later on Jenner discovered out where I went without gathering any information for him as eh wished of me I knew I'd be in serious trouble with him. There was no turning back at this point…at least not for me. \"Just give me a minute,\" I said. \"I have an idea of what to do.\" \"All right,\" said Justin, looking on at me curiously. With feet dug into the steel and the other hand hanging onto the side of the machine I quickly fixed most of the lower half of the dress around the knees and waist. The one thing was that it was at a level where nothing would be revealed for anyone who came from below to see. Once done I released a satisfied sigh, saying \"There that should do it.\" Amused, Justin inquired \"Finished are you?\" Sticking my tongue at him, I said \"Weren't you just saying we need to keep moving?\" I then began climbing again. Justin remained observing for a few moments before he too followed. I was only in the lead for a few seconds before he passed me by. He made it up there far ahead of me patiently waiting only a little while before I caught up. Once he helped me stand straight away from the ledge over the side I arranged the lower part of the dress to the way it was previously the climb making it descent to walk in around again. During this time I had Justin turn around until I was through. I hadn't done so before. Now there was just cause to have him do so. We then went for the large opening that lead deep into the center of the human's machine. We had to be cautious as we went within so w wouldn't slip up. If anyone hadn't been completely paying attention to where they were going they would easily have fallen to their death at the sudden drop. I nearly did so. In fact I released a sudden yelp as I felt the floor disappear beneath my feet. As soon as my rear end began to slid once it hit metal Justin grabbed my shoulders to keep me in place. At the same time I quickly locked my feet against one of the spiked blades used to shred crops into much smaller pieces while locking hands onto one of his arms in fright. \"You all right,\" said Justin. Eyes wide, I said \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Although I was scared a little I allowed the grip of my hands to loosen slightly as he moved from above to where I was. He moved far earlier than I did since he'd already in so many amount of times before. In respond to this I sent a glare his way. \"You couldn't have warned me about that drop beforehand,\" I demanded, teeth gritted. Shrugging, Justin grinned \"and where exactly would the fun in that be? Besides you look quite cute when you're surprised like this.\" He's so infuriating! For that I smacked him on the rear of his head, but it didn't affect him at all. With plenty of ease he led us safely down and around a few other sorts of obstacles. We eventually reached what would lower us to the section of the machine where Mr. Ages resided. It was a basket hanging there by a strong rope tied to the handle. The entire thing was just big enough for two our size even though it would be somewhat of a tight cramped squeeze together. Peering down over the edge of the basket, I said \"It's pretty dark down there.\" \"Nothing to worry about,\" said Justin. \"It may look dark now, but it'll get easier to see once we're all the way to the bottom.\" I grumbled \"You'd better be telling the truth.\" I didn't like being up this high in the air without any sort of protection from falling over the side of the basket. A mischievous smile formed on his mouth as an idea came to mind. He looses hid grip on the piece of rope he was holding causing us to drop. Immediately I shrieked in terror thinking I was about to die. Almost as quickly as the basket began its rapid dissension it ceased with me frozen from fear in place. Justin was nearly laughing his head off hardly able to breathe while slapping his knee in the process. \"You should see your face,\" said Justin, an arm wrapped around his aching chest. I then came to the realization of the stunt Justin had pulled on me. \"Justin,\" I exclaimed, furiously punching at him, \"why would you do something like that?!\" \"I apologize,\" said Justin, regaining control over his laughter. \"I just couldn't resist the temptation.\" I then started punching him hard at every part of him I was able to reach shaking our means of transportation in the process. \"I nearly had a heart attack so next time you better resist it,\" I shouted. Grabbing my wrist so to keep still from knocking us both over the side of the backset Justin attempted to calm me down. \"Whoa, Joanna, calm down before you knock us both off of this,\" he said. \"This basket is very delicate.\" That statement caused me to freeze in place making the basket steady itself in a matter of seconds. \"You're very lucky we're up so high right now or you'd be so dead,\" I said, grudgingly. Justin wisely kept silent about this not wishing for me to get more furious with him than I already was. He carefully lowered the basket the rest of the way to where we needed to be. Authors Note: Hope you guys like this one. Hope you all had a Happy Halloween! Glad you all had a Happy Halloween! I was on candy duty, but unlike the majority of those stuck with the task I actually like it. :D Also, I lost one of my jobs today. Good news is I have more time to write, bad news I need to go looking for a new second job again. Sucks, huh. So for the time being you guys have me for however long that'll be.[Chapter 7] Between Love and Blood Chapter 6 The darkness surrounding us had departed and we were now left standing in an area with plenty of light. Justin got out of the basket first then held out his hand assisting me in stepping out safely. Not too far away from us was the door that led to the main section of Mr. Ages home. The only dilemmas faced are that it was neither very welcoming nor large. The size of the entrance is mainly big enough for most mice to get through. Outside of the entrance were signs made to discourage us from even thinking of entering the dwelling. They said thinks like \"Not Welcome\", \"Go Away\" and another hung beside the door instead of above reading \"Danger\". All of this was supposed to ward away those who would hope to visit. This may work successfully for the majority only not the two of us. Upon reaching the small door Justin bent down considerably in order to knock on the metal. The noise resulting from it brought out an immediate response. \"Go away,\" shouted an irritated Mr. Ages. Obviously he's far from pleased with anyone intruding on his space at any time of day. Knocking again, Justin called \"Mr. Ages, it's Justin. I need to talk to you.\" There was silence on the other side of the door as if Mr. Ages was in the middle of contemplating what he'd been told. Nudging Justin slightly, I said \"I thought you said we were coming around for some fresh air not to visit Mr. Ages.\" Shrugging, Justin said \"In truth I thought I mentioned it already to you. Did I not?\" Arms crossed, a skeptical brow raised, I disagreed \"No, you certainly did not.\" \"My mistake then,\" apologized Justin, bowing his head, slightly. At this exact moment the door swung open with a bang immediately drawing forth our combined attention. His hands placed on the side of the doorframe, sticking his head out, Mr. Ages spotted Justin leaning by one arm over the door. Mr. Ages was old for a mouse although by the experiments the humans from Nimh put on us they wouldn't really come to realize this fact. Mr. Ages is of an unusual stature with pure white fur. His eyesight caused him a bit of a hindrance so he wore circular rimmed spectacles over his very eyes. The clothes he's wearing were smaller than those carried in regularity by the rats. Among the white of his fur there were gray in some places similar to the patches stretched into his garments showing how old and worn they were. \"Justin,\" said Mr. Ages in vexation, agitated, eyes narrowed. \"I believe we agreed you'd be over in the afternoon not so early in the morning.\" \"We were in the neighborhood and decided to come now instead of later. We didn't want to waste any time,\" said Justin. \"Well I can't keep having such unexpected visits,\" stated Mr. Ages, hands on hips. \"My schedule is very delicate so…\" Mr. Ages paused in his ranting's as he realized the catch he heard in what Justin just told him. \"Wait a moment, did you just say we?\" Nodding, Justin said \"Yes, I did. I haven't come alone.\" Mr. Ages couldn't actually spot me yet standing as I was behind Justin so he hand no knowledge anyone else had accompanied him. \"Oh, is that so,\" said Mr. Ages, opening the door farther and stepping out while adjusting his glasses as he looked around for the mysterious second visitor he couldn't yet see. \"Who exactly did you bring with you and where is he?\" \"She actually,\" corrected Justin, moving aside so that I became visible, \"and you're not going to believe who it is.\" Stepping out into the light, smiling, I said \"God morning, Mr. Ages. I apologize if we interrupted anything of importance.\" A look of astonishment traveled over the old mouse's face as he got a good view of who I was. \"Well I'll be,\" said Mr. Ages in disbelief. \"If it isn't Joanna. This is quite a surprise. You barely ever lease the Rosebush if you can help it.\" \"That's exactly what I told her when she agreed to come out with me today,\" said Justin. He then released a small yelp as I elbowed him hard in the ribs. That got him to keep his yappy mouth shut after that especially when I shook a fist in front of his eyes. Mr. Ages began to laugh, quickly composing himself back into his normal grumpy demeanor. \"What's brought you out from the underground, Joanna,\" he inquired, intrigued. Rolling my eyes, I said \"Thought it was time for a change. After all I can't stay confined there underground forever. Once in a while the body requires some fresh air and sun.\" \"True, very true indeed,\" agreed Mr. Ages. \"Since you didn't like having visitors for long can you please let us in,\" I asked. \"Think of it this way, the faster we conclude business, the faster we'll leave your home.\" The wheels could easily be seen turning within the complex mind of M. Ages. It's pure fact he didn't like anyone coming to intrude on his personal space preferring to live alone, but knew his duty to the Colony came first. So if eh wished for us to be gone he'd be required to speak to Justin post haste. Defeated, Mr. Ages sighed \"Very well. You may come in, but don't touch anything!\" The last few words were emphasized making it quite apparent he seriously meant it. Oh, we would not dare. Authors Note: Merry Christmas! Heads up guys! We've got trouble. I received this alert from another fellow author. Subject: #SAVEYOURINTERNET Can you imagine a world without the following: - Youtube - Twitter - Facebook - Tumblr - Reddit - Memes What if I told you that all of this could potentially go away before the end of next year. #Article13 threatens to stop almost all user-generated content and their creative freedom, such as fanart and fanfiction. To everyone in AND outside the EU. Just because you don't live in the EU, doesn't mean Article 13 won't affect you. The wording of Article 13 is so loose that it could be manipulated in a way where only big companies can upload content on the internet. Article 13, as written by the European Parliament, will create large unintended consequences for everyone. Let's come together for a better solution. #SaveYourInternet Sign and share this petition to as many people as possible [remove spaces to access links]: : / www . change p / european-parliament-stop-the-censorship-machinery-save-the-internet Spread the news. Do what you can to help stop #Article13 from passing. : / www . youtube saveyourinternet/ Why Article 13 Will Destroy YouTube : / youtu . be / gBTJb08VYUU[Chapter 8] Between Love and Blood Chapter 7 In order to duck inside I had to bend about a third of my height. Once done I clearly saw the reasons as to why Mr. Ages didn't wish for us to even touch anything here. Circling around everywhere I looked in place I managed to locate a ton of cylinders, beakers, and glass tubes connected together with nothing, but chemicals. Other containers standing around were the same with the only difference being if they didn't hold chemicals they held materials important to his lab. On one side of the lab stood a large open book, its pages filled with words and equations combined together. All led to a number of experiments he had going on at one time or at a certain length. Whenever Mr. Ages was presented with an empty notebook none of its pages remained blank for very long. A small wooden table stood opposite containing miniscule bottles to their own standards that being either empty or half filled. There being bowls placed beside an assortment of grinding materials. As I stood there looking around somewhat distracted Mr. Ages and Justin got into a separate conversation. One which they didn't wish me to hear. A big argument soon broke out between them, but not of the original subject Mr. Ages was furious about. Grudgingly, Mr. Ages said \"Well I do agree with you in coming here earlier I have to wonder if you're in the right state of mind.\" \"What do you mean,\" asked Justin, confused. \"You know very well what I speak of,\" said Mr. Ages. \"Jenner is not going to take kindly to what you've done when he learns his younger sister has left the safety of the Rosebush. Every single person in the Colony knows he never allows her under any circumstances to leave. He'd prefer to keep the girl below ground.\" Justin said \"I already know this, but Joanna really needed to get out of there. She's honestly been stuck away from the sun outside for way too long. I can deal with Jenner's anger as I have done many times before. Besides it was her own decision to come out.\" Folding his arms across his chest, brow raised in disbelief, Mr. Ages said \"Oh really? And you didn't force her in any way?\" \"I didn't coerce her into anything,\" assured Justin. \"She came of her own accord and volition.\" Cautious, Mr. Ages said \"Justin, you and I know very well how unpredictable Jenner can be when it comes to his temper. If he takes his anger out on Joanna instead of us…\" The rest was left hanging in that sentence the meaning more than clear to those who were able to easily read in between the lines. Justin opened his mouth to speak until someone they both thought hadn't originally been in on the conversation interrupted directly in the center of it. \"There's no need for either of you to do any of that,\" I said. \"Once I explain things to my brother I'm sure he'll calm down some.\" \"Joanna,\" said Justin, smiling as he awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck, \"we…we didn't realize you were listening in.\" I could tell he was nervous as was Mr. Ages since he shifted on his feet at the expression in my eyes. A bit condescending, I said \"If you didn't want me to heart anything of which you spoke you shouldn't have been standing so close or speaking up in such loud voices.\" \"I thought we were speaking in low whispers,\" said Mr. Ages. \"Obviously not low enough,\" I said, tapping my foot. \"If you honestly believe the level of your voices was low you need to seriously have your hearing checked, Mr. Ages. Mr. Ages began muttering what I suspected to be thoughts of denial, but at the same time stuck a finger into both of his ears, wiggling it around as though to clear it. Justin brought a hand to his mouth to muffle his laughter which only stopped when Mr. Ages aimed a furious glare at him. Instantly Justin shut up. In spite of a smile that kept trying to sneak its way out no matter how hard he tried to hold it back. Annoyed, Mr. Ages said \"My hearing aside we do have a right to be a bit concerned. You say you're able to easily handle your brother's anger, but a lot of us have seen you get hurt a few times by him before. Some of those injuries I've had to treat for you.\" I knew very well of the sort of injuries he was referring to. My brother and I had a loving relationship, but there were times when things were strained. Each incident was when Jenner let loose on his fury. These events were few, but I did come out with a few cuts along with bruises here and there. Most of them I could tend to myself, but with some of the more serious marks I've had to go to Mr. Ages for assistance whenever he was in the Rosebush. Although none of them in truth were the least bit life threatening. At times Mr. Ages would question me of them about how they had come to be. He would never have asked it outright, but he always pressed the issue that Jenner was the actual cause of them. I never disputed his claims and neither di I say they were true. Basically I just left it all unsaid. Fortunately all were nice and concealed by clothes making sure no one noticed them causing extremely few inquiry's to be asked. My face was like hard stone as I looked at Mr. Ages, the smile like ice. I said \"That was a while ago and it has since been resolved. I've been calming him a lot better now these days.\" Justin and Mr. Ages shared a meaningful look, but didn't really put up further debate. They knew how defensive I've gotten over Jenner when people were talking behind his back. They weren't going to get into it with me now. Authors Note: Happy New Year! Hope this is a good start to a brand new year! ;D[Chapter 9] Between Love and Blood Chapter 8 Seeing that the subject was done it was time to move onto the actual reason we were brought here in the first place. \"What exactly have you come here to discuss with Mr. Ages, Justin,\" I asked. \"Oh, of course,\" said Justin, realizing we'd moved way off topic. \"Basically we need to discuss what's going to happen the next assignment to drug Dragon. Without assistance of Jonathan we need someone who can take his place in the job.\" Mr. Ages tapped his chin thoughtfully, saying \"Well many of our Colony are much too large to fit through the hole in the kitchen. Only one close to the same size as Jonathan could manage to fit through there without much difficulty's. The question is whom?\" Mr. Ages now knew what Justin was getting at with his intentions. Immediately he went to turn the even thought of the idea down despite the undisputable logic Justin was pushing behind it. \"Oh no! Absolutely not!\" \"Now, Mr. Ages-,\" began Justin, hand up cautiously. But the old Mouse wasn't having any of it. \"No,\" exclaimed Mr. Ages, outraged, insulted by the very prospect of doing something so dangerous there. \"There is no way you are getting me to do something so idiotic!\" \"Not even for the safety of the Colony,\" I persisted. Mr. Ages seemed to be kind of stumped by that comment right there which is exactly the reaction I was hoping to retrieve from him. In spite of the outside nature he always used showing he was annoyed with all who lived around him he did care a lot for most inside the Colony including their entire safety. It's a weakness he had that a lot were willing to completely exploit for the right reasons. \"Now hang on just a second…,\" said Mr. Ages, getting ready to argue. Holding up a hand to silence him, firmly, I said \"Without the Farmers Cat being drugged at regular intervals it'll no longer be safe for any of us to go out to forage and get needed supply's. Jonathan Brisby was a willing volunteer for the job, but his death has left the position empty.\" \"This is exactly why I don't want any part of it,\" shouted Mr. Ages, stubbornly crossing his arms, holding his ground on the matter. \"I highly respected Jonathan for his actions and still do I continue in my belief that his constant decision to put himself in such danger in the first place!\" I was quickly losing patience with Mr. Ages resistance. Justin was as well. That could be seen in his eyes even though the expression on his face was quite friendly still Justin was done beating around the bush on the issue. As Captain of the Guard his initial authority would push the Old Mouse to do the job. \"Ages,\" said Justin, \"this is no longer a request from a friend, but an order by your Captain.\" By the expression on his face Mr. Ages knew he was pushed into an impossible corner he couldn't back out of. A request he couldn't back out of. Well he could refuse, but not a direct order by the Captain of the Guard. Finally his posture deflated into one of obvious defeat knowing there was no other way he could escape of what we were asking of him. Resigned, he sighed \"All right. You have my cooperation.\" Justin and I shared a grin at this we had him now. Going over to the reluctant Mr. Ages Justin clapped the Old Mouse on the back causing him to stumble forwards lightly from the force of it on him. Justin said \"I knew you would come around to the idea. How soon can we have a new batch of the sleeping powder ready for use?\" Adjusting his spectacle, Mr. Ages said \"I'm a bit low on a few of the crucial ingredients, but once I get them it'll merely take one to two days. We'll be able to do the job as soon as it' is done.\" \"Do you need any assistance in do so,\" inquired Justin, politely. Shaking his head, waving a dismissive paw, Mr. Ages aid \"No, no, the ingredients are quite easy to acquire myself. It's one of the main reasons I chose this old piece of machinery as my own.\" \"It certainly has its usefulness about it,\" I conceded. \"Justin, how much longer are we going to be here for?\" \"Not too much longer. Why are you asking,\" said Justin, brow raised, curious. Shrugging, I said \"We've been gone a long time so Jenner should be awake by now. He's already not going to like that I've been gone from the Rosebush for so long. I don't want to be away any more than I should be.\" Justin nodded in understanding the point I was pushing to get across. He said \"We'll only be a few more minutes here then it'll be time to leave.\" \"While I'm waiting, Mr. Ages, may I explore some more through your laboratory,\" I said, holding back the irritation of annoyance. Mr. Ages said \"Very well. You may do so, but don't touch anything. I have extremely delicate work going on in here!\" \"You don't have to tell me twice,\" I reassured, hand over hear. \"You can trust me.\" Apparently that worked for the other two returned to their own business. Better for Joanna to find anything of worth to report to Jenner after this tell able excursion. Authors Note: Won't be long until we get more into the direct aspect of the movie before you know it. Hope you guys all like this one! ;D Good news. My computer came back from the repair shop from Apple fully repaired and functional. I was so worried that it wouldn't when I was without it for a whole week. I had to depend on a separate computer that was far less reliable. Still I was able to get chapters up that way. Very grateful for that.[Chapter 10] Between Love and Blood Chapter 9 Similar to before I began wandering around again. Unlike the other time where I was listening in on their conversation I really did take a closer look at everything. During this time where I'm carefully looking around for anything at all referring to the future journey to Thorn Valley. Jenner would be very pleased if I brought some good news back for him and far more importantly for him to take it easier on me since I came outside the safety of the rosebush. Even if it is small it would have to do for the time being. After only a few seconds I located an object being remotely close if not what I was searching for. Lying adjacent on a wooden table mixed up with a ton of other materials was a map. On a wider scale inspection of the geographical layout my eyes widened at the realization of where it led. Thorn Valley was the main subject on the chart which the direction would take us. Judging by how carefully the details were put on the parchment all the coordinates were so completely exact. It soon came to mind if this map was severely damaged in any sort of way it can put a huge dampener and delay in the plans of Nicodemous. I didn't see any other copies lying around so this had to be the only set up. From the corner of my eyes I looked to check if either Justin or Mr. Ages were paying attention to my actions. Fortunately neither is sparing a second glance in this very direction, too absorbed in their own dealings. If this were going to be done correctly it would have to be made as convincing as ever possible. A plan quickly came to mind on what to do next. As if I was attempting to get a closer examination of what was written and marked I held it close to a nearby flame to get better lighting. In reality I was hoping for it to catch fire. I didn't wish them to get an inch suspicious of these actions so I needed to play it out. Mr. Ages must've seen what I was doing for I heard his irritated chatter turned into an extremely nervous outburst. \"No,\" he shouted, \"keep that away from the…!\" But it was already far too late to keep it from occurring at this point. It moved far too fast for it to be halted. Before either Justin or Mr. ages could act the parchment, the entire map, was drawn on caught fire destroying all the information on it. Releasing a startled yelp I immediately let go of the map throwing it as far away as possible as I jumped back. Luckily it landed on a part of the floor that had nothing flammable on it so not to catch fire. \"No,\" yelled Mr. Ages, hands pulling at the fur on his head as he ran over to the map. Honestly it's beyond saving. He began to try and beat the flames away with his hands in panic even as more and more of the map was being eaten with each second. While Mr. Ages was the smartest amongst us in the Colony he completely forgot the obvious way to handle this whole situation. Unlike that uncouth approach of Mr. Ages our Captain of the Guard had no such problems figuring it out. Thinking quickly he grabbed the nearest container of water within reach instantly dumping it on the charred parchment. The fire was put out with the only remaining evidence being the smoke rising from the burnt areas, but not soon enough. The damage had truly been done. Almost the entire map had been destroyed with the only piece remaining is a single corner near the top. Unfortunately none of the data there would be of any use to anyone else now without the rest of it. Shaking his head, Justin sighed \"Was this the only copy?\" Nodding with his head buried in his hands, Mr. Ages said \"Yes, with it being so close to that time the thought never came about making a backup for later use.\" \"How long will it be until another one can actually be drawn up for us,\" inquired Justin. \"The plan mustn't be delayed. Too much is at stake here.\" \"Well a delay is what certainly is going to occur after this,\" retorted Mr. Ages, snapping his head toward Justin. \"Do you have any idea how long it took me to make tis map? All the work I put into it…wasted! It'll take me ages to create another one!\" \"Is there no other way around it,\" said Justin, rubbing his eyes in exhaustion. Grim, Mr. Ages said \"No, there is not.\" Justin appeared to be thinking quite hard considering all options potentially taken here. Finally he could see just like Mr. Ages there is no other alternative. The choice is stolen from him. Shaking his head while rubbing the back of the neck, Justin said \"Then I guess we have no choice. I know you still have the drug to work on, but please work on the construction of a new map as soon as possible.\" \"I can't guarantee anything, but I'll be doing my best,\" assured Mr. Ages. Mr. Age's acceptance was transformed to annoyance as he turned his attention on to my nervously trembling form. \"You have some explaining to do, Joanna,\" he said, scowling. Shifting from foot to foot, I stammered \"I-I'm so s-sorry. I didn't mean to-.\" \"What were you doing with that map,\" demanded Mr. Ages, furious. \"I warned you not to touch anything here!\" Defensively, I said \"I thought you were only talking about your experiments. I didn't realize you meant everything else along with them!\" \"Well then what were you doing looking at it in the first place,\" asked Justin, calmer. \"That map wasn't out in the open.\" \"I saw part of it hanging out and I got curious. So I took it out to look closer at it. I didn't mean for the parchment to catch on fire in order to read it better. There wasn't enough light where I was already standing, it was purely accidental here,\" I explained, apologetic. \"I didn't mean to cause any further trouble bringing more work onto you.\" \"That's all right, Joanna,\" said Justin. \"We know you didn't do any of this on purpose. It's a thing that can be easily fixed up only after a little time.\" Exhaling a breath of relief, nodding in consent, I said \"Good I'm glad to hear that.\" Although inside I was torn in between both happy in these turn of events and upset the time the damage would be fixed couldn't be far longer than only a handful of days. Well it would have to satisfy Jenner one way or another for the results this day is to be better than nothing at present. Suddenly I felt restless in this home of Mr. Ages wanting to return immediately to the rosebush. Going over to Justin, placing a soft hand on his arm, I asked \"Justin, may we please be on our way. There are things that I need to take care of back home.\" Patting my hand, Justin said \"Of course I did not realize the amount of time that has passed while we've been here.\" \"Ha! The sooner the better,\" exclaimed Mr. Ages, going over to a nearby table beginning to go through his papers. \"I don't want anymore of my things destroyed. Such madness will be less likely if you two were gone from my sight!\" I flinched from the onslaught of Mr. Ages words, but smiled in amused humor while Justin laughed outright. He was well used to this kind of behavior from Mr. Ages already. Justin chuckled \"Don't worry, Ages. We'll be taking our leave now. I'll be stopping by again soon to check on progress.\" \"Next time make sure you do so alone,\" shouted Mr. Ages, not even bothering to show us his face. Justin burst out laughing at that one while steering us out the way we came in from. Authors Note: Hope you guys like this one! ;D Another thing here is that I'm in desperate need your shared opinion over a new story idea that I came up with recently while watching two of my favorite franchises. I'm considering doing a Venom story for the 2001-2003 Justice League Series. Do you guys think I should make it a crossover or just put it in the Justice League Universe? Another thing is about an idea of the symbiote completely taking over the host or if the relationship is a lot like Eddie and Venom's in the 2018 movie? Another thing is I'm having trouble with figuring out a title and a name for my character. If anyone has suggestions I'm more than willing to hear them. As per usual with stuff like this the person/readers that offer the winning suggestions gets a question answered for the story in mind. In this case it's the Justice League 2001-2003 and Venom 2018 story. I really want to get this idea up and running soon, but I'm kind of all over the place.[Chapter 11] Between Love and Blood Chapter 10 The darkness was easier to handle this time around as we made our ride upon the basket in reverse. Instead of remaining dark the whole ride it steadily got brighter as progress was made. Justin didn't even bother to try and mess with me this time for he's well aware if he even made a single attempt I'd knock him silly right out of the basket to where there's no tomorrow. Getting down from the old machine of the farmers is easier the second time since I now knew where to place the proper footing in order to prevent any missteps and fall. When he passed through the famer's vegetable garden I mentioned how I wished I brought one of my own homemade baskets there with me. It would've been good to bring a few back to save for supper. As soon as Justin heard this he would says that he will tell this to the Council for the next foraging trip, but we can't take too much at one time or it would bring too much notice. The farmer and his family were already suspicious enough it was in the meantime. For now I'd have to do without. We are about halfway home when we came to a sudden stop. Well Justin did I kept on walking. Apparently forgetting the dangers of being out in the open. I was only able to take a couple more steps when Justin shot out an arm grabbing my elbow and stopping me in my tracks. The grip he had on my arm is gentle yet rough enough to bring me to some anger. \"Justin, what do you think you're-,\" I demanded, indignant. Until I shut my mouth upon catching the expression on his face. Instantly I knew what has caused him to stop me is very serious. Justin was frozen in place with the only things moving are his ears. They're twitching in nearly every direction as if trying to snatch something, listening carefully. \"What is it,\" I whispered, keeping as silent as possible. \"I'm not sure,\" whispered Justin, still searching. Suddenly his ears snap to the right towards the farmhouse. Less than half a minute later his eyes widen considerably in terror and dread. Taking my hand, bolting, Justin shouted \"Run!\" Dragon! Authors Note: Hope you guys all liked this one! ;D[Chapter 12] Between Love And Blood Chapter 11 Dragon pounces out of the long grass and landed exactly on the spot where the two of us were standing only seconds before. Snarling the Cat began to give chase not at all willing to give up the chance of a potential delicious meal. Now I knew why Justin had been so anxious. He had sensed Dragon was stalking us. Our legs are pumping like crazy are we're moving as fast as our legs can carry us across the rest of the open space. We were no longer paying attention to whether we were seen or not. All we care about was reaching the rosebush before Dragon got to us first. We had a bit of a head start, but the lead wasn't much. We were barely making it at this rate. Justin is far more fit than I was so he is well used to running at such a fast pace whether it was a long or short period of time. But I'm not nearly at that level. I'm already losing my breath and slowing down fast although I absolutely refuse to give u now even though my body is saying, no screaming, something completely different. Suddenly as we were so close to safety the unthinkable happened. There is a sharp tug to the skirt of my dress causing me to trip and fall. Immediately Justin skidded to a stop trying to tug me back onto my feet, but to no avail. \"My dress! My dress is stuck,\" I shrieked, frantic. Park of the hem had gotten snagged on a twig lodged in the earth. I pulled and pulled, but it didn't budge. It's caught pretty good. \"It won't come off,\" I screamed, beyond panicked at this point. The worst part is unlike in the tall grass where Dragon couldn't see us at all now there was a clear view of him as he was racing towards licking his chops in anticipation. \"He's coming!\" Justin wasn't about to leave me behind even to save his own skin. Grabbing onto the section of the skirt caught, in one sharp pull, the fabric ripped loose setting me free. The moment I was free we began running again not a second too soon for Dragon destroyed the stick that had trapped me. Everything is going so fast I'm barely going to be able to remember half of this if I was lucky from the whole trauma. All I'm able to recall from the rest was screaming and then upon arriving at the Rosebush jumping directly into the thorns. Our minds were so focused on getting away from Dragon we didn't care if we were scratched by any of them. This drastic act is what saved our lives. Spotting where we had escaped to Dragon didn't stop until he slammed into the outside of the Rosebush. He was too persistent and didn't manage to get there in time. A loud caterwaul came from Dragon as the sharp piercing thorns dug into his skin. Flailing and writhing in pain Dragon bolts straight for the house, wanting the farmer's wife to come out and fix him. At hearing the retreat of the vicious feline our breathing and heart rates begin to slowly return back to normal. I nearly thought mine was about to stop altogether and would've if this had gone on any longer. Although my breathing was under control I remained frozen unsure the danger has truly passed us by with wide and terrified eyes. Justin recovers his composure far quicker than I can imagine to. Cautiously peeking out of the thorns Justin checked how things are outside. \"I-Is Dragon g-gone,\" I stammered, hands shaking beyond any control. Nodding, Justin said \"Yeah, he's one running back to the farmer's house to lick his wounds. We're safe from him here.\" He then turned towards me only to notice how shaken I was. \"Joanna, are you all right?! You're shaking!\" As Justin's comment registers I saw what was going on. Not only are my hands trembling, but so is the rest of my body as well. The horror is still only fully sinking in while the adrenaline is wearing off. \"I didn't realize…,\" I said, trailing off. Justin took my hand in his, gently rubbing them as he felt them cold, staring at me in pity. \"Your hands are cold,\" he said. \"You've never been out through such a fright before now since we got here.\" Sucking in a breath, smiling, I said \"I'll get over it. Besides what's really important is neither of us are hurt. Things could've been a whole lot worst for us.\" \"Yeah,\" chuckled Justin. \"Yeah it definitely could've been.\" Laughing uneasily with him I looked down seeing the spot where my dress has torn leaving a large rip within the fabric creating a hole. I said \"Great, just great, my dress is ripped.\" \"Kind of a necessity for us to get away,\" said Justin, bending on his knees to examine the torn part in the hem. \"It's an easy enough fix with your skill as a seamstress. With your needle and thread you'll be more than able to make quick work of this.\" \"I know,\" I said, indignant, \"but…\" \"But what,\" asked Justin, patient. Shaking my head, I sighed \"I understand, but I don't like wasting the materials I only use them when the situation warrants it. Our supplies are so few here. The materials aren't easy to obtain for us as it is for humans.\" Justin wrapped a gentle arm around my shoulder giving them a comforting squeeze. He said \"That may be the truth now, but once we get to Thorn Valley all of our troubles will transform into a thing of the past once and for all. None of us will want for anything there.\" \"Yeah, I guess so,\" I said, smiling, although it didn't exactly reach my eyes. Justin seems so confident in the plan, but if Jenner has anything more to say about it we wouldn't even set foot off of this land. Sensing my unease yet misunderstanding the whole meaning, Justin said \"Don't worry, Joanna. We'll get there soon.\" \"But the map is ruined. It'll take forever to make another one,\" I said, rubbing the hand he put on my shoulder. \"As I told Ages before we left the time doesn't matter as long as the deed is done,\" said Justin. \"Don't fret over it too much or you'll just worry yourself sick. We don't need you worst than you already are.\" Eyes narrowed, smacking his chest in a playful manner, I said \"Oh you…\" Justin dodged out of range before I'm able to touch him again grinning in amusement. \"Come on. Take a joke, Joanna,\" he said. Cheeks puffed, arms crossed, I said \"I do have a sense of humor. I…I just don't show it as often as I'd like to…sometimes.\" I was beginning to revert back into my shy self. \"You should loosen you ore often,\" said Justin, nudging me a little. \"When you smile…it makes you look quite lovely.\" That particular comment came out of nowhere, seriously catching her off guard. I knew my own visage is pretty, but no one had actually spoken about it so casually like that previously. A massive blush rose on my cheeks, no words making their way past my lips. Joana is clueless as to what to say. Seeing how flustered I was Justin's grin broadened. Gesturing towards the hidden entrance, Justin said \"We'd better be going inside now. I'm sure you have other things to tend to as do I.\" \"Right,\" I agreed, nodding. Taking my hand in his not noticing the blush deepen on my cheeks he carefully maneuvered us to the door. Fortunately there aren't any more rips in the dress I'd be required to mend later on. I am calmer now, but the stress combined with further work to do today might definitely be pushing it too far. Authors Note: Hope you guys all like this one! ;D ","Summary":" Authors Note: I own nothing except for the OC. Between Love and Blood Prologue Deep underground wit"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Unplugged","Author":"Tashilovet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2679128","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hisnhead felt heavy. He wanted to lift it up, to open his eyes, but nonenof his body parts were responding. He knew he had arms and legs, butnthey lay dead at his sides, all feeling gone out of him. Henheard mumbling; voices from different people. They were close, butnthey were too quiet to be distinguish between man or woman. Hencouldn't move, but his head nodded from left to right in a rhythmnmanner. He was in a moving vehicle. Hisneyes finally open. His systems went online, his sight cleared, and henlifted his head up. Henwas right. He was in a moving vehicle. The truck resembled a riotnpolice rammer, with closed lock doors at the back and front. He couldnsee the sources of the voices sitting in the front seats, their headsnblurred by the closed screen. Henwanted to stand up, but his body wouldn't let him. His arms andnlegs were strapped to the chair he sat in, the chair strapped to thenfloor. Wherenwas he? What was going on? \"It'snawake. Perfect.\" Hisnhead, going slowly to take in his environment suddenly snapped to thenside. Squatting at the corner where the light barely touched, sat anyoung boy. He was probably thirteen, fifteen, tops. His short blondenhair matted down upon his head, his clothes dirty and torn. The boynheld himself tightly, blood seeping down his arm and onto the floor. Secondnobjective: Protect the innocent. \"You'venbeen hurt,\" He finally said, his voice hard and sharp. \"Who didnthat to you?\" Thenboy scowled at him. His hand tighten around his arm harder, exposingnmore blood had soaked into his clothes. \"Like you really care…\" Thenboy was certainly upset about something. He seemed more scared thannangry, for he was shaking from head to toe. \"Havenwe been kidnapped?\" He asked the boy. \"Are we in trouble?\" Thenboy didn't respond quickly. He just stared at the man in the chair,nholding his bleeding arm with a confused look on his face. \"Younare an android…right?\" The boy asked him. Thatnwas certainly an odd question. What's an android? \"I'mnnot an android,\" The man in the chair said. \"I'm a cyborg.\" Thenboy's eyes went wide. \"Holy shit!\" The boy cried out, gettingnup. \"You're a cyborg? But…you…you can't be one! You'rentoo old looking.\" That'sninsulting. \"No,nwait,\" The boy spoke again, realizing his mistake. \"I mean, yournmodel. It's too old. Nobody walks around with so much obviousnmetal!\" Thenboy still wasn't making sense, but at least he was talking. \"Havenwe been kidnapped?\" The cyborg asked again. \"Are we in trouble?\" \"Yeah,\"nThe boy said, a bit calmer now that he found out his companion wasn'tnan android. \"We've been arrested.\" \"Arrested?\"nThe cyborg said surprised. \"By the police?\" Thenboy gave him a strange stare. \"Yeah, by the police. Nobody elsenwould do such a thing.\" Thenfeeling of apprehension was rising up in the cyborg's stomach,nanxiety filling his brain. \"Why are we being arrested? For whatncrime?\" \"Damn,nyou ask a lot of questions,\" The boy told him, still rubbing hisnbleeding shoulder. \"Are you even from around here?\" \"Detroit.\" \"Detroit?\" The boynsaid wildly. \"You mean, Old Detroit? The city that got destroyedntwenty years ago?\" If the cyborg had anfully working stomach, it would've twisted and fell to the ground.nFrom behind his protective shielding, his eyes grew wide, his mouthntwisted in horror and his fingers twitched violently. The cyborg'snarid behavior forced the boy to take a step back in fear. \"Destroyed?\" Thencyborg finally cried out in amidst horror. \"How? Why?\" The boy shrugged. \"Inthink it was the bomb. Or disease. It was twenty years ago, whoncares?\" It's been twentynyears? Perhaps more? How long had he been in stasis mode? \"Get me out of thisnchair,\" The cyborg said ragged to the child. \"Hurry.\" Without hesitation, thenboy strode forward, grasping at the bonds that held the cyborg in thenchair. Within a few moments, he had loosen both wrists and ankles.nThe boy stepped back to let the cyborg stand fully up, the top of hisnhead banging against the ceiling. \"Shhhhhhhhhhhhh!\"nThe boy cried out, motioning to the front of the vehicle. \"They'llnhear you!\" 'They' had notnnoticed a thing. They either had to be deaf or stupid not to notice.nOr choose not to notice. The cyborg did a quickninspection. He opened up his thigh compartment, finding his gun wasnnot there. He looked towards his knuckle key, dirty, but usable. Hisnprogramming was still effective, as well his targeting system. The cyborg took a looknback at the two oblivious individuals who were still talking to eachnother. He saw them as no threat. His eyes shifted to the boy, whonstill held his injured arm. \"Come here,\" Thencyborg told him, opening his arms. \"I'll soften the blow.\" \"Soften the blow?\"nThe boy questioned. \"What do you mean?\" The cyborg showed him.nWith a quick jab from his fist, the doors to the vehicle blew widenopen. The road below flew past in amazing speed, the wind blowing upnthe boy's hair. \"We're jumping,\"nExplained the cyborg. The boy's eyes wentnwide. \"Are you kidding!\" He yelled. \"We'll be killed!\" The cyborg stayed innthe same position, his arms wide open like he was expecting a hug.nThe boy, looking between jumping or staying with 'them,' henrushed into the cyborg's arms. They jumped. The cyborg made sure henlanded on his back, to keep the boy from hurting himself further. Thenvehicle was going at least forty, making the landing very, very hard. The cyborg smackednagainst the street, his metal back creating sparks. He bounced one,ntwice, three times before he started to skid and scream. He slowed,nthe friction forcing him to roll in a fast manner. Under his largenarms he cradled the boy from the sparks and flying debris. They eventually rollednto a stop, smoke sizzling off the grazed metal. The cyborg was gladnthey stopped. If they had been going any faster, he might have lostnhis arm in the impact. Slowly, he opened hisnarms to release the boy, who was trembling uncontrollably. \"Are you hurt?\" Thencyborg asked him. The boy shook his head.nHe rolled himself off the cyborg, standing up awkwardly. Although hensaid he was not hurt, he still got injured. The impact on the streetnmust have forced him to bang his head against the metal chest,ncausing him to have a huge bruise across his cheek. \"I can't believenyou did that!\" He cried out, still wobbly from the shock. \"Youncould've killed us both!\" He paused. \"Cool!\" The cyborg had tonrestrain giving the boy a look as he stood tall, checking himselfnover for damage. He had large rusty scratches all over his arms, legsnand probably his back too. None of which were too serious, couldnprobably be rubbed out easily. The vehicle theynescaped from was already forming into a small black dot in thenhorizon. Finally outside, the cyborg took in his environment. It was day, but darknrainy clouds had blocked out the sun, making the wind warm and coldnat the same time. It seemed they were standing right outside citynlimits, for he could see the tall buildings from far away as he stoodnon a highway. The highway in question, was empty. No car could benseen or heard. Not even trash like old wheels or thrown soda cupsnlaid on the side. Not even a cigarettenbud. The cyborg looked to the city, looked to the sky, and realizednthere were no signs or life. No birds, no trash, nobody. Even thencity that laid only a few miles away looking dark and uninviting,namiss of human life. Why? His thoughts werenbroken when the boy tugged impatiently on his arm. \"C'mon!\" He criednout, trying to get him to move. \"If we're caught here afternsundown, then we're dead!\" Usually, when someonensaid that, they were over exaggerating, but the boy said like henmeant it. Moving his large feet, he followed the boy silently. The boy never removednhis hand from his metal fingers, oddly very possessive of someonenthey just met. Why is that? \"What is your name?\"nThe boy asked quietly, his voice very loud against the odd silence. \"Murphy,\" Thencyborg finally told him, trudging along behind. \"What's yours?\" \"Umm, it's Red,\"nThe boy told him. \"My real name is Redgina, but nobody ever callsnme that! Not even you!\" \"Redgina…\" Murphynsaid slowly. \"That's a girl's name.\" Red stared at him. Forna moment, Murphy did not get it. When he did, his cheeks flushed innembarrassment, for himself and Red. \"Oh. Sorry.\" Red shook her head.n\"Doesn't matter. Probably best that way. C'mon, we got a longnway to go till we get home.\" How strange this girlnbarely knew Murphy for an hour and already she was leading him to hernhome. Without even trying, he had gain this girl's trust; enough tonhold her life in his hands. What the hell happenednto make the world, this child, act like this? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A/N: Love this movie.nDon't expect many reviews. Second chapter whenever. Fragmentsneverywhere. Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 2] There is nothingnscarier than walking into a city and finding nothing. No trash, no straynanimals, no insects. The ground wasn't even slightly covered bynbird feces or discarded gum. The city looked almost brand-new, as ifnthe government built it and is now waiting for people to inhabit it. Red obviously had nonqualms on how empty the city is. She kept urging Murphy on, wantingnhim to walk a bit faster. \"C'mon,\" She saidnquietly, tugging at the cyborg's large hand. Murphy tried to pleasenher, but it's hard to walk around with 300 pounds worth of metal.nHis knees, ankles and feet were equipped to handle such extremities,nbut as a result, his footing is slow and hard. Rednkept staring into the sky, fearfully watching the sun. With the highnrises, the sun was only shown through the spaces between, givingnpatches of light from time to time. Even though the sun wouldn'tnofficially set for another hour, it'll be night time in the citynwithin twenty minutes. \"Over here,\" Rednsaid, taking to a particular gothic built building. \"Up here.\" Shenhad brought him to a library. Murphy had to watch his footing as henclimbed the ridiculously large amount of stairs, noting there were nonhandrails or ramp for the handicap. Up front, Red pulled hard on thenlarge dark brown tinted doors, using her small frame to hold it opennfor Murphy. \"In here. Hurry.\" Once inside, Murphy'snsemi-loud footsteps echoed off the walls in the empty library. Therenwere books, large hardbacks donning the twelve foot bookcases. Butnlike the city, the library held no signs of life. Even though they werennow inside, Red kept urging Murphy on. Taking him to anothernstaircase, she explained, \"They'll find us if we stay downstairs.nThe second floor is the only place that can fully cover us.\" What she meant by that,nMurphy didn't know. Upstairsnwas the same as downstairs. The only difference was the change ofnbookcase arrangements. Downstairs, the bookcase ends faced thenwindows. Upstairs, the whole face of bookcases laid towards thenwindows, letting a person to hide behind them. \"Behindnhere,\" Red led him behind one of the large bookcases. There, Murphynfinally saw human life. On the ground, tuckednin the corner, laid blankets and makeshift pillows. Red's bed, henassumed. On the walls of the bookcases, she tucked in ripped outnpages of pictures. Pictures of other people, animals, places, things. Evennupstairs and beside Red's bed, she didn't calm down. As Murphynnoticed, the sun was finally gone. The library was sent into completenblack, forcing him to turn on his night vision visor. \"Don't move!\" Rednhissed at him. \"Don't make any loud noises.\" Murphy, his curiositynat its' peaked almost made him asked her why. He stopped himselfnwhen he heard the loud noise of helicopters above him. Thenfevered beating of the metal blades were a welcoming sound tonhim, but Red did not. She covered her ears as the sound seemed tonrattle the windows. The library suddenly exploded into light as thenunidentified copter shown it's beams inside. The lights rakednacross the library in a slow manner. Red stayed perfectlynstill when the lights touched their area, but because of the books,nthey were not seen. After a long painfulnminute, the lights finally left. Red breathed easily again. Now that the apparentndanger had left, Murphy looked down upon his young companion. \"Yournarm,\" He noted. \"It's still bleeding.\" Red turned to hernshoulder. She lifted up the sleeve of her shirt, revealing thenhorrible wound underneath. Murphy, who was coming in closer to help,nsuddenly stepped back in surprise. It looked like someonenripped out a large part of flesh from her shoulder. Instead of musclenand bone, silver metal shone through. The flow of 'blood' wasnspewing out of a ruptured hose. Her arm was artificial. \"I was born with onlynone arm,\" Red explained, seeing the look on Murphy's face. \"Sonmy parents got me this one.\" She raised her robotic arm higher, thenmovement causing more red liquid to spew out the open hose. Shenfrowned. Taking a small canister that sat beside her pile ofnblankets, she sprayed a small amount of white foam onto her shoulder. The foam quickly driednand set, setting a perfect seal around the open hose. \"Darn,\" Red cursed,nwiping her arm of the blood. \"I lost so much fluid. Now it'sngoing to be a bitch to move this arm.\" \"Your parents,\"nMurphy inquired, hoping to finally get some answers. \"Where arenthey?\" \"Dead,\" Red saidnflatly, almost without any remorse or sorrow. \"At least, I thinknthey are. They were napped by the androids three years ago.\" Three years ago! She'snbeen alone this long? The city has been like this for that long? Longer? \"You don't know ifnthey're dead?\" Murphy cried out. \"Red…I need to know what isngoing on. What are androids? Why is this city deserted? Are therenother people here? Why is this all happening?\" Red, amazingly, justnshrugged. \"I don't know. Things been this way since as long as Incan remember.\" Murphy couldn'tnbelieve his ears. It's been this way for more than ten years? He looked around,nstaring dubiously at the hundreds and hundreds of books sittingnaround on the shelves. She was surrounded by fifty thousand pagesnworth of information and history. How could she not know? He picked up a book.nFlipped through it. The book was a simple study on horses, but thentext was written in standard English. He flipped to the front pagenwhere he saw the title, author and copyright. Date: 1962. \"You can read?\" Murphy looked at Red,nwho was staring at him with pure awe and admiration. She stood up,nclamoring over her bed and things to get to him. \"You can read thenthings that are written here?\" That answered onenquestion. Red didn't let himnanswer her. Instead, she ran over to one of the pictures that werenhanging around her bed, grabbed it, and shoved it under his nose. \"What does this say?\"nRed said excitably, pointing to the text written underneath a picturenof a colorful bird. \"I've been wondering what this says for thenlongest time!\" Murphy frowned. Thentext was written in French. He failed French in high school. \"Red,\" He begannslowly. \"What's two plus two?\" Her eyebrows furrowed,ngoing down in concentration. She then lifted up her hands and beganncounting on her fingers. \"One, two, three, four…Four.\" After a few morenquestions, Murphy found out Red can only count up to twenty. Not onlyncould she not read, but she also did not know the names of thenanimals in her pictures. She didn't know what a dog was. Murphy gave up onnasking for any information. Obviously, everything that happened here,nhappened a long time ago. If he wanted answers, he needed to asknsomebody who was much older than her. \"Is it okay for me tonwalk around now?\" Murphy asked, wanting to go check out the historynbooks and past newspapers. Red said no. \"They'llnhave patrollers walking the street. If you go anywhere near thatnstaircase, you'll be seen. You'll have to wait till morning.nHere,\" She was gathering a bunch of blankets from a pile andndragging them over to Murphy. \"I don't know if cyborgs need tonkeep warm, but you can make yourself a bed with them.\" \"I don't neednsleep,\" He told her. Which is true. He needed to rest, but notnsleep. \"You keep those for yourself.\" \"Okay then,\" Shensaid, slightly disappointed. \"Good night.\" She slandered off tonher little corner. There, she took another book, flipped through itnand ripped out a page. She had ripped out a picture of a cockroach.nShe mounted the picture among her others, stared at it for a momentnand went to sleep. It couldn't have beennno later than six o' clock. Murphy hadn't gone to bed at sixnsince he was fifteen. But he couldn't do much. He didn't want tonmove, seeing his giant clongging steps would awake Red. So there he satnsilently in the dark. He kept an open ear out for any possiblenintruders. Although that may be a welcome sight, to see another humannbeing, it was not wise. He thought about hisnlast memory before he woke up in that van. Where was he? What was hendoing? Why couldn't henremember? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A/N: Just for futurenreference, I never saw Robocop2. Mostly because every time I try tonwatch it, I turn it off half way through. Number three made menlaugh. Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 3] Murphy watched as thensun slowly rose into the sky, casting various shadows across thenlibrary floor. The light usually represented warmth, safety, and mostnimportantly, hope. Murphy couldn't count how many times he and manynother cops wanted the daylight shifts; it was less likely to get shotnduring the day than night. But at the moment,nMurphy didn't care if it was day, night, or a solar eclipse wasngoing on. All he wanted was NOISE. He wanted to hear birds, dogs,ncats. He wanted to hear the familiar sounds of horns honking, tiresnscreeching, and even the colorful curses from various minorities.nChildren's laughter, incoherent muttering, anything that'll keepnhim from going deaf. The silence, however,ndid give him an unusual amount of ability to think. Of what should hendo next, where he should go, what to do if he got there…his plannwas simple. Go to Detroit's sister city, Keyward, and go fromnthere. Unfortunately, the only major drawback was Red. He couldn'tnleave her behind, but bringing her might slow him down. The decision was easy.nRed may not have book smarts, she does have street smarts. Murphyncouldn't leave her behind. He himself was a father and knew thenpain of a child when left alone. That thought struck himnin the gut like a knife. He may have an artificial stomach, but hisnmind reacted as if he did. Phantom limbs, he guessed. Was a father…? Murphyndidn't want to think about it. About his son and his wife. How manynyears has it really been? If it's been really as long as Rednsaid…then that means his son was his age by now. His wife, if shenwas still alive, would be in her fifties. If it had been longernthan twenty years, then she is probably dead. He was going in for anhearing. Yes, he did remember that. A few days earlier, he hadncornered a perpetrator and was forced to kill him. Murphy'snsuperiors thought he may have gone overboard and should've found anway to arrest the punk without blasting a hole through his chest.nMurphy didn't think so. And with his video memory, he proved it. Others, those who nevernsaw crime in their lives, felt that Murphy still should've found anway to solve it peacefully. They were the ones who believednmurderers should be given a second chance. The argument went onnfor months. There were protestors, constant debates and Murphy wasnforced to go into court a few times. In the end, some nut job hadnpointed out that as a cyborg, Murphy wasn't technically human.nThus, he should not have the same rights as humans. After that…everythingnbecomes fuzzy. Murphy could not remember the outcome. He could notnremember what happened next. He could guess though.nHe lost. Red stirred in hernsleep, flipping over onto her back. Her shoulder wound was morenobvious now in the light. Artificial limbs for the common man. Thingsnhave come a long way. Being cautious, henstepped as quietly as his body would allow him, and made his way tonRed. The girl slept so deeply Murphy almost felt guilty for wakingnher. He placed his giant hand on her and shook her. \"Red…Red…\" Red did not stir. In ansplit panic, Murphy thought the girl to be dead when suddenly a smallnbottle rolled from underneath the blankets. Inside the clear plastic,nMurphy could easily see the unknown vitamins and read off the title. \"Sleeping pills?\"nHe stated dubiously. As Murphy thought he had figured out his currentnsituation, something as ridiculous like this pops up. Red didn't know hownto read…so how did she know these pills, specifically were sleepingnpills? The damn girl might have accidentally picked a bottle ofncyanide or testosterone pills. Did she think these pills were candynor was there something more to it? Either way, there wasnno way Murphy was going to be able to question Red about it. She wasnnow in a medical induced coma and it could be hours before she wokenup again. Just the way he used tontuck in his son, Murphy tucked in Red. And without looking back, henset out to find real answers and other people. Murphy decided henshould go to one place: The Police Headquarters. If he wanted updatedninformation, the police was sure place to go. He could findnalphabetized files, photos, addresses and phone numbers. Everythingnhe needed, they had. He'll go to Keyward with Red tomorrow. Wincing at the sound ofnhis own steps, Officer Alex Murphy stepped out into the outside worldnto find it the same as yesterday: Isolated. The cyborg has nevernadmitted to anyone but his wife, that he was afraid of cats. When henwas a boy of seven years, Murphy's father had brought home a straynkitten. The kitten, although cute and cuddly, thought young Alex tonbe a scratching post and used him often. To this day, (Up until hentraded in his flesh for steel) the officer had long ugly scars on hisnlegs and back. He pretended they were stretch marks. Now as he walkednthrough the dead city, he would welcome even the sight of that evilnkitten and his evil family. After what seemed annhour of walking, Murphy felt the grip of guilt settled in hisnartificial stomach. The smart thing to have done was brought Rednalong with him. Awake or not, this city was obvious no place to leavena little girl behind. He was ready to turnnaround to go back to the library when suddenly his sensors beeped.nMurphy stilled as he read that four assailants were quietlynsurrounding him. They carried large bulky weapons like clubs andncrowbars and were slowly cutting off Murphy's exit. As relieved as he was,nfinally seeing other signs of life, Murphy activated his trackingnprogram. These persons were hostile and did not deserved the kindnwords the officer had for them. One of them charged atnhim, raising the weapon high. Murphy's arm swing around and knockednthe punk right on his ass. As soon as that happened, the other threenjoined the brawl. A piece of wood snapped across the cyborg's neck,nand a pipe smacked against his right arm. Neither, of course, injurednor even scratched the surface of the cybrog's armor. With anothernswipe, Murphy knocked the two men down without causing them muchnharm. The fourth man did notnattack him. Instead, he seemed to slump to Murphy's feet as if henfainted. When the officer looked down, he saw the man wasn't a man,nbut a teenager. Black hair and unbelievably handsome, the kid lookednup at the cyborg, gave a wink and ran off. The damn kid had tied anrope around his ankle. Before the officer hadna chance to bend down and rip the rope off, the teenager and sixnothers appeared out of nowhere, grabbed the rope and pulled. Murphy went down like anhouse of cards. As soon as he was on his back, he was dog piled. Guysnjumped down on his arms, his legs, and even held his head still. \"Tienhim down!\" The teen was yelling on top of the pile. \"Get hisnarms! Quickly!\" There were three men onneach arm and Murphy easily threw them off. Men were scrabbling tonkeep him down while others were trying to beat his chest in withnrocks or other blunt objects. \"Damn! Hold him! Holdnhim!\" The teenager kept yelling. Murphy gritted hisnteeth as he prepared himself to hurt these men. He didn't want to,nbut he had no other choice. He thought perhaps, stabbing them in thenfoot. The wound won't leave permanent damage, but it'll disablenthem long enough for Murphy to take control of the situation. \"Get off him! Whatnare you doing?\" Red appeared innMurphy's view and she started pulling the men off by their shirts.nShe only used her right arm as her artificial left one laid limp atnher side. \"Leave him alone! Stop it!\" \"He's an android!\"nThe teen yelled back. \"We need to destroy him!\" \"He's not annandroid! He's a cyborg! He is just like me!\" Red was yelling, butnnobody was listening. She was trying her hardest to pull the men off,nthough it was rather useless. She was a sixty pound kid trying tonpull off a 140 pound man. Murphy did not want tonshow gore in front of her. The decision, however, was not his tonmake. Red kept tugging on thenshirt of one of the men who held Murphy's head down. The man wasngetting tired of the girl bothering him and at the height ofnfrustration (perhaps because he could not concentrate on holdingnMurphy down with her distracting him) he threw a hand out and shovednher. The man had shoved herna bit too hard. Red fell back and her artificial arm, unable toncontrol the movement, bent awkwardly behind her. There was a SNAPnthen a horrible CRUNCH. And when Red sat back up, she revealed hernrobotic arm had snapped off from the elbow down. As a cop, Murphy hadnseen some pretty gruesome scenes. Murders, hit-and-runs, rape…andnhe was able to hold his stomach and his anger for every act ofnviolence he's seen. However, if there was one thing he could notntolerate, was violence against children. Had the cyborg waitednfor a second, he would have notice the teenager's face lookingnhorrified at what happened to Red. If he waited. Adrenaline reservesnshot in and Murphy's brain went into a power high. All together,nthere were twelve men trying to hold him down. Murphy threw them allnoff with ease. Those who managed tonhang on, were grabbed and thrown. Those who tried to jump back on,nmet with a fist in their face. Within half a minute, Murphy had allntwelve men, lying on their back and moaning. The teenager, who wasnsmart enough to back off, was the only one standing. His eyes shiftednback and forth from the cyborg to Red, his legs twitching as if henwas about to run. Murphy read his bodynbut wasn't fast enough to intercept. The boy dashed forward,ngrabbed Red around the waist, and ran off in the opposite direction. \"Damn!\" Murphyncried, taking off after them. For him, running wasnjust as hard as walking. He only ran when he needed to and that didnnot happen very often. The weight of his armor restricted himnsignificantly and he was only allowed small bursts of energy once inna while. If most of the criminals he had gone up against had chosennto run instead of fight, his arrest record would be very low. Luckilynfor him, the teenager was just as slow because of Red. The girl wasnheavy enough to give anyone problems and she fought against the boy. Suddenly the teenagernstopped in his tracks. He set down Red, and then twisted around tonmet Murphy. The boy reached into his pocket and pulled out a pocketnknife. Murphy slowed andnstopped. The knife wasn't a threat to him, his knuckle key wasnprobably much pointier, but the boy decided to use it on Red… \"Put the knife down,\"nThe cyborg commanded. And then for good measure, he added, \"punk.\" The boy held Red'snfleshy arm by the wrist and the girl struggled against him. \"He'sna cyborg, Robin!\" She yelled. \"He's human!\" \"It just another onenof their tricks!\" The boy, Robin, cried to her. \"It may looknhuman, but it's just another one of their tricks!\" With that, Murphynrealized the boy wasn't there to hurt Red. He was trying to protectnher…from him. He decided to take a step forward. Robin saw this andnraised the knife. \"Get back android! Get back!\" \"I am not an android,nI am a cyborg,\" Murphy stated, taking another step forward. \"Mynname is Alex Murphy,\" He took another step. \"I am not an 'it,\"nAnother step. \"And if you don't release Red from your sweatyngrasp, I'm going to be forced to hurt you.\" Murphy took anothernstep. Robin had sweat running down his face, looking determined andnscared at the same time. His hand shook, the knife shook and whennMurphy got a bit too close for comfort, Robin attacked. His arm went in annupward arc, trying to slash Murphy's exposed flesh below hisnhelmet. The cyborg blocked the knife with his arm. The knife, cheaplynmade as it was, broke in half against Murphy's huge arm and fell tonthe ground. Murphy grabbed Robin bynthe shirt and lifted him off the ground. He brought the boy close tonhis face and hissed, \"I told you I would get mean.\" He dropped Robinnnone-too-gently, emphasizing his point. His eyes went to Red. \"Arenyou okay?\" He asked her. She nodded, though shendidn't look very happy. She was frowning, not crying, and she heldnher half arm gingerly. She sat on the ground because without her arm,nher balance was off. \"You didn't need to do that, Murphy,\" Shentold him unhappily. \"Robin is my friend.\" \"I know. That's whynI didn't hurt him,\" Murphy went on one knee, coming face to facenwith Robin. \"Do you understand now? I'm not here to hurt you.\" \"It's Red I'mnafraid for,\" Robin breathed out. He didn't try to attack Murphynagain, though he had the perfect angle to do so. \"And if you werensmart, you'll stay away.\" \"Red is a young girlnliving by herself,\" Murphy stated confused. \"Why would I leavenher alone?\" Fear exploded in thenboy's eyes, and he clamped a hand over the cyborg's mouth.n\"Haven't you noticed? Don't you understand?\" Robin drew close tonMurphy's ears and hissed dangerously to him. \"Red is the onlyngirl in a city full of men.\" AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A/N: Who are thenandroids? Why do they want Red? What happened to Detroit? Will I everngive a character a gender based name? All this andnmore…later! Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 4] For once, Murphy didn'tnmind the silence. It seemed every time somebody opened their mouth, annew stream of information added to the confusion. The whole situationnreminded him of the book The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy. He had all the answers, he just didn't have the right question. Red leaned in morencomfortably on Murphy's shoulders. Without her arm, her equilibriumnwas thrown off completely. At first, she didn't mind sitting on topnof Murphy's shoulder. But after ten minutes of having her legsnwrapped around plastic and metal, her butt went numbed. Robin stayed a fewnsteps ahead of the two. After he dropped the bomb about Red, hensuggested they go back to the library. To talk. \"What about thosenother men?\" Murphy inquired. \"If they follow-\" \"They won't,\"nRobin said as if he was 100 sure. \"Most of them are completenidiots and will not bother trying to engage you in another fight.\" Murphy did not likenwhat he said. It did not sound fool proof. \"They don't care aboutnyou? About Red?\" \"I'll explainnlater. Not another word.\" Robin's head keptntwisting back and forth like a nervous bird. Murphy couldn't helpnbut smile at that analogy. The boy didn't need to be so cautious.nAs far as the cyborg can tell, nobody was following them. \"Get inside,\" Robinncommanded once they got to the library. A twinge of annoyancenstruck Murphy. Having a teenager give orders is a big kick to thenego. He ignored the feeling, and did what he was told. He can benannoyed later. Once inside andnupstairs, Robin shut the second door floors. And without a word tonexplain his actions, Robin slapped Red hard across the face. \"What's wrong withnyou?\" He cried. \"Bringing another person here!\" \"That's enough!\"nMurphy grabbed the boy by the cuff of his shirt. \"You leave hernalone.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Rednmurmured, cupping her red cheek. \"Murphy isn't an android. Inthought it was okay.\" Robin did not try tonstruggle out of Murphy's grasp. The cyborg thought perhaps, Robinnwanted somebody to hold him back from doing something unforgivable. \"Bringing somebodynhere is dangerous. You know that. Even if he isn't an android! Whyndid you do it?\" Tears started to formnin Red's eyes. Shakily, she started to say, \"I wanted to see thenbirds. I have never seen birds before…\" Robin seemed to havencalmed down for the most part. Murphy still kept an grip on him justnin case it was a ploy. For now, it seemed Robin wanted to hear Rednout. \"The sun was nowherennear setting,\" Red continued, refusing to look up at them. \"Inthought if I was quick…I could see a feather. Hear a song. I neverngot further than the edge of the city. I was grabbed when a van drovenby.\" All the color drainednout of Robin's face. \"Let me go,\" He whispered, trying tonloosen Murphy's grip on him. \"Let me go!\" Murphy let him go.nRobin fell to his knees, grabbing Red by the shoulders. \"You werengrabbed?\" He said in disbelief. \"Did they harm you? Did they,\"nHe struggled to find the words. \"Do anything to you?\" Red shook her head.n\"They broke my arm when I resisted. Threw me in the back. That'snwhere I found Murphy.\" Robin twisted his headnto the cyborg. Murphy said nothing as Robin gave him a condescendingnglare. Robin turned back to Red. \"Murphy woke up. Andnwe escaped.\" \"All right,\" Robinnsaid, trying very obviously to keep his anger down. \"But why didnyou bring him back here? He can take care of himself.\" Murphy had beennwondering that himself. Although he was very grateful to find anfriend the moment he woke up, he was never really sure of the girl'sntrue intentions. In a city full of men, even for someone with no booknsmarts should surely know the dangers of men. Red's answernexplained it all. \"I was lonely.\" And that was it. Allnthe anger Robin had stored up inside of him slowly drained away.nMurphy watched as Robin's face relaxed and the fire died out. In ansense, he was more of a brother. Was he? Without another word,nhe pulled the young girl into a hug. \"I'm so sorry,\" Henwhispered. \"I'm sorry that it has to be like this, but if Instayed, it'll draw too much attention.\" \"What about Murphy?\"nRed pulled back, motioning her head towards him. \"Can he stay?\" Murphy was actuallyngoing to say \"no.\" Now that he knew Red wasn't alone in thencity, he could leave without worrying about her. Robin seemed like ansmart enough kid. Besides, he didn't planned to be gone any longernthan a few hours. Before he had a chancento say anything like that, Robin said to him, rather fiercely, \"Let'sngo talk in the hall. \"Red, stay here,\"nHe said to her as he walked into the hallway. Something was spookingnhim. Murphy chose to follow him without protest. The hallway itselfnwasn't as echoing as the rest of the library. The walls were darknbrown, looking like a movie scene from the poem, The Raven. Thensun shone brightly through the many windows it had. It didn't helpnwith the mood, though. Robin whipped around,nfacing Murphy and demanded, \"Who are you?\" \"Murphy,\" He said,ngetting a little tired of explaining himself. \"I'm a policenofficer.\" Robin's eye twitchednwhen he said that. \"Red said she found you in the van. Why were younwith the androids?\" \"I'm not. I woke upnin the van. Found Red. And both of us escaped.\" \"So you're ancyborg.\" \"Yes. Most of mynorgans are artificial like Red's arm, but my brain and certainnparts of my body are intact.\" Robin nodded, his eyesndrooping in concentration. Murphy chose this moment to ask HISnquestions. \"What year is this?\" \"What?\" Robin saidnbewildered. \"What year is this?\" \"I don't know. Incan't count.\" Great. Red mentionednthat Detroit 'blew up' twenty years ago. For all he knew, shencould've pulled that number from her ass. \"Who are thenandroids? Everybody keeps mentioning them and I have no idea who theynare.\" \"How could you notnknow who they are?\" Robin said in disbelief. \"Where have younbeen, under a rock?\" \"I told you, I wokenup in the van. I have no idea how long I've been out.\" Wither that answernsatisfied him, he didn't show it. \"They're robots. Robots thatnlook like people.\" \"Why are you afraidnof them?\" \"Because if they findnyou, you're dead.\" \"Red's not dead.nShe was barely hurt when I found her.\" Barely? Granted, her arm maynhave been artificial, but when he saw it, he thought somebody maynhave shot her. \"They're weirdnabout girls,\" Robin glanced down the hallway, making sure Rednwasn't listening. \"I don't know why. I have seen them kill overna dozen guys just to get to one girl,\" He paused. Then he added inna small sad voice, \"They took my mother away.\" \"Where? Where do theyntake them?\" He shrugged hisnshoulders. \"All we know is they grab them and we never see themnagain.\" Murphy took all of thisninformation with considerable caution. He had woken up in a upsidendown world and he didn't know who to trust or who not to trust. Ifnwasn't careful, he might accidentally kill someone. \"Look,\" Robin said,nstill taking glances back to Red's bedroom. \"I need to go backnbefore somebody gets wise. Before the sun sets. Those guys you beatnup are bored, bloodthirsty idiots but sooner or later, they'rengoing to wonder why some kid here is all by themselves.\" Murphy didn't wantnhim to go so soon. There were many questions he wanted to ask, henneeded to ask. \"Red will have to gonarmless for a few days until I can get materials.\" \"And now after yountried to slash my face, you trust me enough with her? Why can't younstay?\" Robin's face wentnhard and cold. He then asked with harsh seriousness, \"Do you have andick?\" Hell, Murphy didn'tnhave a reproduction system anymore. He still produced waste, but hisnmechanical body could store the waste for days until he felt likendisposing of it via through his left foot. Like he was going tontell the kid that. \"No.\" \"Well, officer, \"nhe spat the word out as if it was rotten. \"Guess what? I do. Thenolder men here have showed how to use it.\" Murphy could tellnsomething darker was lurking behind those words. That handsome facenheld pain and he was trying his best to keep such pain from Red. \"Are you hernbrother?\" Murphy wanted to know. He shook his head.n\"She's an orphan. I think she has an uncle somewhere, but I'mnnot going to bother finding him.\" \"Where do you live?\" \"In the sewers,\"nRobin faced the window, watching the sky. The sun wouldn't set fornhours. \"It's the only place the androids won't look.\" Henlooked back at Murphy, saw his displeasure. Then he said with a smallnsmile, \"As long as Red doesn't break any of the windows orntables, the androids won't come inside. Not unless they havenprobable cause.\" \"I need to getngoing,\" He said after taking another nervous glance out the window.n\"I'll be back tomorrow.\" \"Hold on,\" Murphyngrabbed his arm. \"Were you the one who gave Red these?\" He heldnup the bottle of sleeping pills. \"I didn't. Myngrandfather did.\" \"Why?\" \"You have to ask him.nI don't question his authority.\" Murphy felt as if thenquestion was too personal. He followed Robin back to where Rednpatiently sat. She had a book on human anatomy out in front of her.n\"Man, we're ugly on the inside,\" She mumbled to herself. Robin gave Red anothernhug, whispered something in her ear and left quickly. \"I'll benback tomorrow,\" He said to Murphy as he passed him. \"Don't donanything stupid.\" \"I won't,\" Henpromised. Though, now, he wasn't sure if he was going to be able tonkeep that promise. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A/N: Nothing much tonsay except \"sorry I haven't updated in forever…my bad.\" Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 5] He wasn't undernarrest. He didn't have the luxury of having a trial done by jury.nHis lawyer advised him this was for the best. That people were sacrednof him. People would look down upon him and if he was judged by hisnpeers, he would surly lose. Murphy did not seenit that way. That black and white. He knew most people were good atnheart. Probably someone on that jury, would understand his plight.nWould look past the metal and chrome and see him. If one person didnthat, then he had a good chance for a mistrial. Judge Snyder was antall, ugly old man. Set in his ways, the bastard was constantly underninvestigation for racism and sexism. There was never enough evidencento support these claims. Judges were supposed to be picked at random.nMurphy suspected somebody had handpicked Snyder. He took less than annhour to decide on his fate. \" I've come tonthe conclusion,\" Snyder had refused to look at Murphy during thenwhole proceedings. \"That Alex Murphy was killed in the line of dutynfive years ago. This…machine has helped the police force greatlynduring these past few years, but the many consequences of his actionsnhave over shadowed that.\" It started to rain.nFrom the window, Murphy watched as Robin left the library and ranndown the street. A few moments later, the sky gave a deafening CRACK,nand the heavens opened up and the ocean fell in. The rain reflected hisnmood. Dark, grey and a little more than pissed. He felt useless. Murphy clunked his headnagainst the window glass, his mood darkening along with the sky.nThere were so many gaps in his memory. He tried again and again tonresurface the past. Why is it, he could remember the outcome of hisntrial, but not the actual proceedings? Why could he remember thenjudge's name, but not the lawyers? And what the hell happened after the trial? Who turned off his power core? When did they turn himnoff? And why did they choose to delete certain parts of his memory? Murphy knew all thisninformation seemed to point at a conspiracy. It didn't make anynsense, though. They deleted his memory so fifty years down the lane,nhe wouldn't have evidence? It didn't make any damn sense. A small pop caught hisnattention. Red had made some sort of nest like shape out of hernblankets. The loss of a left arm didn't seem to faze her as shenexpertly opened a small bottle with her right hand. \"Let me see thatnbottle,\" Murphy held out his hand. He wanted to make sure thesenwere not sleeping pills. \"Why?\" \"To make sure they'rensafe.\" Red hesitated for anmoment before handing them over. Murphy saw she kept one fat littlenpill in her hand, though she didn't put it in her mouth. Pain pills. \"What other bottlesndo you have?\" At Murphy's request,nRed pulled out a small leather pouch and handed it over to him. There were seventeennpill bottles in all. Pills from pain killers to sleep aids, tonvitamin pills of all kinds. All the vitamin bottles had a little rednmark on them, while the pain bottle had blue and the sleep aid hadngreen. \"Who gave you these?\" \"Robin'sngrandfather,\" Red told him. \"He told me to eat the pills from thenred bottles everyday. He told me only to eat the blue or green onesnwhen I needed to.\" Of course. Food wasnprobably scarce here. Even in a city as large as this one, nobodynwould dare break into a convenient store in fear of the androids.nEven then, with all these pills, malnutrition is still a heavynpossibility. The body needed more than just vitamins, it neededncalories, fats, and sugar. Was Red naturally skinny or was shenmalnourished? Murphy indicated thenlittle white pill in Red's hand. \"Are you in pain?\" \"I will be.\" Shensaid. She didn't swallow the pill just yet. She placed the littlenmedication on a chair, well within her reach. From there, shenproceeded to take off her shirt. She didn't bother tonask Murphy to leave the room or even turn around. Either the idea ofnmodesty was loss on her or she didn't care. She expertly slippednher right arm into her sleeve, pulled the shirt over her head andnpulled it off from her half left arm. The girl was more thannmalnourished, she was starving. Her skin, naturally pale from lack ofnsunlight, helped illuminate each rib bone. Murphy was reminded of thenstarving children from Africa often shown on the Christian channel.nHe could also see one rib, from the looks of it, broke and thennhealed improperly. It stuck out like a sore thumb. A doctor was goingnto have to break the bone again or else she was going to have manynproblems. She had no breasts, only two small pink nipples, almost asnpale as her skin. Murphy's eyes werenautomatically drawn to her shoulder. To her false arm. As always, asntechnology took a step forward, somebody took a step back. Red'snarm was indeed the wave of the future. But the person who had donenher procedure had done it poorly. Very poorly. She wasn't justnmissing her arm. Practically her whole shoulder was gone, replacednwith steel and tubing. Where flesh finally met metal, the two clashedntogether as if one couldn't decide which should remain dominant.nThe two criss-crossed each other, much like a zipper. Skin abovenmetal, metal above skin. Scar tissue ensnared around the steel,nsuggesting that she had this done a long time ago. Red placed her handnover the white foam she had placed on the day before. She added anlittle pressure and the foam broke easily and fell off. The oncenruptured hose spewed no more of the copper fluid. Red's fingersnplayed around underneath her pit, apparently looking for something.nShe found it, pressed it, and the metal around her shoulder sprangnopen. Murphy almost jumped atnthe sudden movement. Red's arm now no longer held onto her fleshynshoulder as it sort of slumped a few inches downward. Three fat tubesnkept the arm connected to her shoulder. The first tube shendisconnected gave an evil hiss as it parted. Red flinched. The secondntube gave a weaker hiss as it fell. Red flinched again. It can't benbecause of the sound… The third refused tondisconnect. \"Shit,\" Rednmurmured, unable to twist the tube off. \"Murphy, can you get this?nI think it's broken.\" Instead of squatting innfront of her, he chose to walk behind her back. Red didn't seem tonnotice his embarrassment. Murphy saw that thentube's slot been broken. Smashed in. He told Red this. \"I cannstill pull it out with a little force. Is that all right?\" She nodded. She wasnshaking a little bit, her hand braced on the chair. He thought aboutnquestioning her. He grabbed the tube's end with two fingers, tuggednon it to test its' strength. Then in a split second, he yanked itnoff without effort. Red gave a gasp ofnaudible pain. The arm came off, falling to the floor. \"What'snwrong?\" Murphy said worriedly. \"Did I do something wrong?\" \"No,\" Red saidnshuddering. She reached to the table, grabbed the pain pill andnpopped it in her mouth. \"Once the arm disconnects from my nervousnsystem, for a moment I know what it feels like to have it rippednoff.\" Murphy didn't havenpain receptors in his limbs. OCP thought such a thing was useless.nPain from a broken finger or leg would seriously handicap a officer.nIf he lost an arm in the line of duty, his brain would register hisnarm was gone, but he would feel nothing. \"Are you in painnnow?\" Red shook her head. \"Itnonly lasts for a second. The headaches that come afterward arenhorrible.\" Murphy refused to letnRed take another pain pill. He didn't know if she understood himnwhen he talked about \"over dosing\" and \"addiction.\" Shenagreed not to take the pill after some persuasion. Taking off her armnclearly exhausted her. Perhaps it was much more painful than she letnon. \"Here,\" Murphy draped a blanket over her. \"Sleep off thenpain.\" BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB A/N: Nothing much innthis chapter. Bigger and better and badder things will happen in thennext chapter. Yes, I understand thatnthis plot sounds very Terminator-ish (whatnfuturistic-apoloclyptic-taken-over-by-robots doesn't sound likenTerminator?) but trust me when I say there is a bigger, horrifyingnplot involved. It's also kinda stupid, depending which angle younlook at it from. Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 6] His lawyer wasnFrench. That detail struck himnso fast, Murphy wasn't even sure if what he thought was fictionalnor fact. He glanced over to the still sleeping Red, acting cautiousnas if she heard his thoughts. She didn't stir. His head turned backntowards the window. The rain splattered softly against the glass andnMurphy closed his eyes. He went back to that thought, grabbing it,nfocusing on it. The fact seemed insignificant. He didn't care. Half French. HalfnAmerican. Details slowly floatednto him. He fought through the thick fog trying to keep his grasp. Thenlonger he held on, the more information came to him. \" Hello OfficernMurphy,\" His lawyer greeted him with a huge goofy grin. \"I'mnMister Steel. First name: Man of.\" The joke was cornynas shit and of course, Murphy grinned. Steel had a sense of humor,nunheard of in the political world. After the humorousnmoment had passed, he finally introduced himself as Emile Luc Steel.nA well educated man, Steel showed no fear, no hesitation when he sawnMurphy. After all, the cyborg can be pretty intimidating and it mustntook a lot for Steel not to flinch or look away from him. Murphy wasngrateful for that. Murphy took in anbreath. Forgotten emotions emerged from underneath him, making himnrelive that day. Steel was the fourth lawyer Murphy went through. Hisnfirst lawyer, a woman, came onto to him and he fired her immediately.nThe next two, both men, treated him as an invalid. He fired them bothntoo. Usually, a defendant was only allowed one and only one lawyer.nBecause of his police status, Murphy was able to go through the trashnand found Steel. Because of the highnprofile case, the court only allowed a hundred people inside of thencourthouse. Cameras and phones were forbidden and many people werenkicked out for trying to sneak them in. The courtroomnsmelled of sweat and perfume. A number of admiring women found theirnway in, wearing short cut dresses and high heels. The airnconditioning broke that morning and the extra heat lifted the heavynscents of the women's perfume onto everyone's clothes. EvennMurphy wrinkled his nose when he entered. As soon as henentered the courtroom, a flash of light went off in his face. Anbailiff cried out \"Hey!\" and threw out the young man who hadnsneaked in his camera phone. Everyone else stopped talking to eachnother and looked at him. Half of the people there burst out cheeringnand clapping. The other half screamed and booed. \" We believe innyou!\" \" Murderer!\" \" Don't losenfaith!\" \" Broken machine!\" \" We'll back younup!\" \" You'll burn innhell for this!\" A crack of thundernshook him out of his thoughts. He lost his grip on his memories andnhe growled in frustration. He closed his eyes again, his jaw tighten.nHe'll be damned if he lost his grip on his thoughts again. \" Why did you shootnhim?\" \" I had to,\"nMurphy said to George Norris, the lawyer who was determined to shutnhim off. \"I told the perpetrator if he didn't put down his gun, Inwould shoot him.\" \" You were worriednabout being shot? I thought you were bullet proof.\" \" I am, but-\" \" Police officersnare trained to shoot perpetrators only if they believe their life wasnin danger. Since you know you're immune to bullets, there shouldnhave been no reason to shoot Jacob Dirn!\" Murphy must'venretold his side of the story over a hundred times already. At thisnpoint, he wasn't telling facts anymore, he was throwing upninformation. \"Certain bullets are known to ricochet. Any shot hengave off had the potential to bounce off me, striking an innocent.\" \" What innocent?nYou cornered him in an alley.\" \" The gun hencarried was fully loaded and he had shot at me before. Blindly, Inmight add. He could have shot past me, hitting anyone from a hundrednfeet away.\" \" Then why didn'tnyou disarm him by…shooting him in the shoulder or the leg?\" \" As I mentionednbefore, Jacob Dirn struck me in the face with a baseball bat. Hencracked the computer filaments in the glass plate, damaging my aimingnsystem.\" \" Were your eyesnokay?\" \" My eyes werenfine.\" \" Then why couldn'tnyou shoot him the regular way, the way real police officersnshoot, by using their eyes?\" Murphy knew thisnline of questioning was required and reasonable. Still, he didn'tnlike having his humanity devalued. \"OCP built my motor functions toncoincide with the computer. One cannot work without the other.\" Norris spoke to thencrowd as if Murphy wasn't even in the room. \"Like a microwavenwithout a socket.\" A small number ofnpeople gave a few nervous giggles. Steel stood up. \"I object tonthat statement.\" \" Explain,\" JudgenSnyder said from behind his hand. He looked as if he would fallnasleep at any minute. \" Mr. Norris speaksnto my client as if he was speaking to the wall; as an inanimatenobject. My client is a cyborg, half-human, half-robot-\" \" Steel, the issuenon hand is if your client's actions were considered reasonable. Ifnyou want to talk about basic human rights, do it in some other court.nOverruled.\" Murphy hated tonadmit that Snyder had a point. A case to argue Murphy's rights as anhuman could take years to resolve. And frankly, who wants to go toncourt every damn day? Unfortunately, thisncase did take forever to resolve. Murphy was wrong about his ownntimeline. This case did not last for a couple of days, it lasted forna couple of months. Norris again and againnkept bringing up the argument as a robot, Murphy technically wasn'tnhuman. At some point, the argument stuck. At some point,nMurphy stopped caring. The publicity, the sensitivity of the subjectnand the numerous death threats Snyder, Norris and Steel received,nbecame the main reason why this took so long. Murphy got tired of thenwomen hanging off of him. He got tired of the cameras in his face. Heneven got tired of Steel's well mannered smile. He wished he couldnbring a book. Or a video game. He would probably even fall asleep ifnhe could get away with it. It was on one of these elongated,nrepetitive days did Murphy find himself in and out of consciousness. A weird feeling came tonthe back of his throat. He hadn't felt this in years. It was thenfeeling when your throat seizes up because the eyes will not producenthe needed tears. A lump he could not swallow steadily grew largernand larger as this next memory formed. He found himselfnstaring at his knees. He wanted to block out the voices of Steel andnNorris and every person in that room. He wanted that man who keptnwhispering about his sex-capades from last night to shut up. Henwanted that teenager who quoted every line from the Simpsons to shutnup. And he wanted all the women in there who wore those fake press-onnnails to rip them off because unnecessary tapping was slowly drivingnhim mad. And as if God wasnhearing his prayer, everything went silent. Nothing can capturenone's attention than absolute silence. It's a sudden noise thatncan create deafness. Murphy jerked himself out of his stump, raisingnhis head to wonder what suddenly happened to all the chattering. People were nownwhispering in a feverish manner. They were pointing. Gasping. Aboutnwhat? Murphy turned tonlook at what caught everyone's attention. Oh dear god. It wasnhis wife. He would later hearnNorris had been stretching the trial out for exactly this reason.nAfter the funeral, Ellen took their son and moved down to Australia.nShe eventually remarried and became an official citizen. Norris hadnbeen searching for her for months. It had been fivenyears since Murphy's 'death.' And this was the first time henhad laid eyes on her since that life-changing morning. There wasn'tna day that past by he didn't think about her. He always wonderednwhat he would say or do if he ever met her again. Would he kiss her?nWould he push her away? Never did he dream their first (and last)nencounter would be in the presence of a court judge. Or that shenwould be representing against him. Only thirty-sevennand she was already graying. Her hair was pinned up sharply behindnher head and she wore a simple purple suit with no heel shoes. Shenlooked scared, uneasy. As Norris tried to guide her through the mobnof people trying to surround her, for a moment, she locked eyes withnMurphy. He did not have hisnhelmet off, so he was unsure if she recognized him. She must have.nShe must have known who he is, why else would she be here? She looked awaynquickly, her cheeks flushed with shame? Embarrassment? Pity? Was his son here,ntoo? He scanned the court, trying to find Jimmy. He would be what?nSeventeen? Almost eighteen? He saw many, many young male faces thatncould be Jimmy. None stood out from the crowd. \" I object!\"nSteel's voice cut through the room like a well carved knife. \"Mrs.nAlex Murphy has no part in this case.\" \" On the contrary,\"nNorris countered. \"With Mrs. Jenkins,\" He emphasized hernnew husband's last name. \"…testimony, we can finally end thendebate if Robo-cop here can be considered human.\" \" That is not ourncase-\" Snyder cut in.n\"Actually, Mr. Steel, you were the one who brought up that subjectnin this courtroom. If you want your client to be treated like anhuman, then we can debate if he is a human.\" \" Then I object tonthis new witness on the grounds I was not informed of her.\" \" You've dug yournown grave, Norris, now live with it. Objection denied.\" Murphy was still inntoo much shock to react. Steel whispered an apology to him and Murphynignored him. He could not keep his eyes off his wife. As she took thenstand, he felt the urge to vomit. If he could vomit. She took the oath,nsmoothed out her skirt and kept her eyes intently on Norris. Murphynknew she was trying to keep her eyes off him. \" How long were younmarried to Alex Murphy?\" \" Eight years,\"nEllen spoke into the microphone provided for her. Her voice did notnmatch the fear on her face. \" Could you tell menabout the day he died?\" \" Um…\" Shenhesitated, grabbing a handkerchief from her purse. She did not usenit. \"I was in the middle of making dinner. My son, Jimmy, wasnwatching t.v. when the doorbell rang. It was Alex's superior, Capt.nPeters. He was Alex's Captain before he was transferred.\" She paused for thennext part, the next part everyone knew coming. Murphy could see it innher face, as her mind tried to force out the next few parts. \" Peters informednme that Alex had been cornered in some warehouse near the industrialnpart of town. The gang who held him hostage shot him and escaped.nAlex was airlifted to the nearest hospital where…he-he died on thenoperating table.\" She screwed up hernface, trying to keep the tears from coming. A couple fell, but shenkept her composure. \" What happenednnext?\" Norris asked her. \" The policenrefused to release Alex's body due to it was considered evidence.nWe had a small funeral. Buried a few things; pictures, letters, ancouple of his favorite records. I waited for a while, hoping thenpolice will release his body. After five months, I left.\" \" To where?\" \" My cousin innAustralia. I didn't want to go back to the states until theynreleased Alex's body. Until then, I wanted to keep out of thenpublic eye and give my son a new environment.\" \" When did younfinally hear about OCP's new project?\" Her lips went thin.nThis is a subject she clearly doesn't want to talk about. \" I read aboutnOCP's project in the newspaper, heard it from the news, peoplentalked about…I was too busy trying to find a new apartment toncare.\" Something toldnMurphy that deep inside, she knew what was going on back home. Shenknew who was behind that metal mask. After all, she was there when henwrote his name on the OCP insurance plan. \" Mrs. Jenkins, younmust've heard rumors back home,\" Norris carried on. Ellen shook hernhead. Her eyes said something else. \" Didn't you findnit odd that the police still refused to release Alex Murphy's bodyneven after his killer was caught and killed?\" Ellen twitched andnher eyes watered over. Before she had a chance to speak, Norrisncontinued. \" Isn't Australianknown to be technology crazy? The news of this new super cop mustnhave buzzed the papers for months.\" Steel placed a handnon Murphy's arm. \"Sit down,\" He hissed to him. \"You'renmaking the judge nervous.\" Murphy had notnrealized he was slowly standing up. He wanted to go up there and stopnall this. He sat back down reluctantly. His wife was tryingnher hardest to keep the tears in. Her cheeks went red. Her bodynshook. Norris refused to let up. \" I have papersnfrom OCP who states that the body who occupies Robo-cop is Alex-\" \" No,\" Ellennsuddenly interrupted him. \"It's not him.\" \" I have a DNAnsample-\" \"No, \" She said anlittle more forcefully. \"It's not him.\" Norris walked overnin front of Murphy and pointed straight at him. \"Are you tellingnme, that the person behind that metal mask is not your husband-\" \" NO!\" Ellen lostnall her composure. Eyes blazing, teeth baring, she stood up sonquickly, her chair fell back with a large bang. \"That is NOT mynhusband! Alex died five years ago! That thing sitting there isnnot human!\" He did have the abilitynto cry anymore. His own tear ducts was replaced with artificialnfluid, a more sophisticated version of tears. Crying was below ancyborg. \" I'vencome to the conclusion,\" Snyder spoke slowly and carefully. \"ThatnAlex Murphy was killed in the line of duty five years ago.nThis…machine has helped the police force greatly during these pastnfew years, but because it caused the death of Jacob Dirn, thisnmachine is considered too dangerou . The machine known as Robo-copnwill be decommissioned by the order of this court within a week'sntime. It's body will be handed over to the owners, OCP. It is by mynorder and the order of the court that Robo-cop is to never bencommissioned again. Case dismissed.\" And that was it. So it wasn't anconspiracy. It was just an accident he ended up here. He was nevernmeant to wake up. He wanted to vomit. Henwanted to cry. He wanted to feel something. Something thatntold him this was still his body. Something that told him he wasnstill in control. In the end, what did itnmatter? He wasn't human. He wasn't real. Why should he care? His hands were shaking. No. These are not hisnhands. His hands were taken away from him. His life was taken awaynfrom him. He saw the windownbefore him. Clean, fresh clear glass shined in his eyes. A surge ofnunknown anger welled up inside of him. He wanted to break that glass.nHe didn't care anymore. He wanted to express this welt, to shownhimself that he was, in fact, human. And if violence is thenonly way to show it, so be it. Murphy grabbed the backnof his chair. He could see it so clearly. The chair hitting thenwindow, shattering it into a million pieces. The chair and glass willnfall thirty feet to the ground, and explode into a million shards ofnwood. It will make a spectacular, agonizing sound. He would then proceednto the book shelves, knocking each one over and relishing the damge.nHe wanted to take the largest book there and rip it in half. Breaknthe tables, smash the chairs, burn down every fuckin' building innthis damn city and watch as each one fell one by one by- \"Murphy, what thenhell are you doing?\" His violent thoughtsncame to an abrupt halt. The chair he grabbed, he held above his headnand was damn well ready to throw it. Red swayed on her feet.nHer face still showed signs of sleepiness. Draped on her shoulder wasnone of her blankets and she lazily tried to keep it on. \"Nothing,\" Murphynfinally replied. He placed the chair back down and sat on it. Thenmurderous feeling he had up to this point suddenly died away and leftnhim like a bad cold. He wished for the feeling to come back. Henwanted the feeling to come back. Red murmured somethingnincoherently and swayed her way towards him. She awkwardly climbed onnhis lap, used the blanket as a soft comfort and buried her face intonthe crook of his elbow. Anger began bubbling upnagain inside of him, and this time around, he forced it down. Thisnwasn't the time or place to indulge in those feelings. One day,nperhaps, he will go back into his mind and express that anger,nexpress that hatred. Not now. He had anbigger responsibility. And she was sitting in his lap. BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB A/N: Was that longnenough for you? The next chapter will be short. I think. I tend tonlie to myself often. I know I said bigger and badder things willnhappen in this chapter…well, as you can see, I'm a dork. But itnwill happen! Soon. Later. Anyhoo, R/R![Chapter 7] French. Every book was writtennin French. Not English, not Spanish, not even Latin. French. Murphy had to groan.nWhen he failed that infamous second language class back in highnschool, his friends had all snickered and said, \"You're going tonregret this one day!\" Murphy never knew hownmuch he was going regret it. He always thought worst case scenario,nhe would make a complete ass of himself in Europe. Never once in hisnwildest dreams- or nightmares- did he ever consider the language as anbarrier between life and death. Poetic irony. He hatednEnglish class too. But what exactly didnthis mean? Was he in France? In Europe? He had no evidence whatsoevernprove he was. Nor did he have any to deny. All he had was the remainsnof his shattered memory to tell him. He was shut off in Detroit, thenUnited States of America. That was all he had to go on. Without thenevidence of plant life or animal, he had no idea where in the worldnhe was. Murphy bit his lip asnhe placed back another book he couldn't read into the shelf. Henpulled out another book, hoping in vain his random choosing would getnhim what he needed. He wasn't even sure what he needed. \"Why are you ancyborg?\" Murphy looked at thenone arm girl. Red was sitting on one of the overly largenuncomfortable wooden chairs, flipping through a large book onntarantulas. She had already torn out a few pictures of the hairynlittle monsters. \"I was in an accident,\" He told her, sparing hernthe gruesome details. \"What kind?\" He smirked. Apparentlynthe word 'tact' does not exist in the future. \"A bad one.\" \"Oh. Is that why younhaven't shown me your face?\" Murphy wanted to steernthe conversation away from himself. What he almost did last nightnstill hung in the air. Through his self-loathing and rage he could'vengotten the both of them killed. He didn't want her bringing up oldnwounds. He nodded. Red frowned and wentnback to her erratic flipping. Her head down she said, \"I don'tncare what you look like Murphy.\" The cyborg pulled outnanother book from another shelf. It was an algebra book. \"Then whyndo you want to see me?\" She shrugged. \"Indon't know. I guess it's because seeing your actual face willnmake you seem more…human?\" He nearly flinched atnthat. It wasn't just the familiar words that haunted him; he didn'tnrealize that with his helmet on he was making her uncomfortable. Rednhad given him her complete trust the moment they met and he didn'tnwant to lose that. Not in this world. Not in this time. He couldn'tnafford to lose that. \"It's not a pretty sight.\" Red cupped her stump.n\"I've seen worse.\" Murphy didn't doubtnthis. \"I will need a drill-\" The girl didn'tnhesitate. She got up from the table, leaving her precious torn pagesnbehind and scurried up the stairs. Murphy sighed andnplaced another book he cannot read back on the shelf. He should findna language book and brush up on his verbs. He just hoped he didn'tnforget everything from his fifteen year absence from high school. Red came back, not withna drill but with a screwdriver. She pulled up a chair next to him andnclimbed on it, coming level with his head. Although she had not askednhim if she could take the screws out, he did not stop her. He held the drivernsteady as she turned. The process of taking out the screws wasnmind-numbingly long but he did not argue. It wasn't like he hadnanything else to do. Once they were out, Rednhopped off the chair, coming to stand in front of him. His hand rested overnhis helmet for a few seconds. He took the helmet off. He expected Red to takena step back in fear, in disgust or just plain shock. He expected hernto flinch or gasp. She did none of thosenthings. Instead, she cocked her head, studying his face intently.nMurphy, despite himself, squirmed. \"Can I…\" Red licked hernlips. \"Can I touch you?\" Why? Was thenquestion. His face was merely there to give a softer look to hisnrobotic counterpart. He could move the flesh, blink, but feltnnothing. It was just meat. \"If you want.\" Murphy leaned down asnRed reached up. Her hand gently prodded his cheeks, touched his nosenand ran her hand over his hairless eyebrows. The computer told himnhis flesh was being touched. Nothing more. She smiled. \"I thinknyou're pretty Murphy,\" She said. He almost snorted.nPretty. He thought he looked hideous. Her eyes traveled fromnhis face to behind him. \"Robin!\" She exclaimed, running past him. Murphy turned aroundnjust in time to see Red throwing herself at the young man. Murphy sawnthat the boy was sporting a new black eye and Red hissed when she sawnit. Robin brushed off her concerns, his eyes narrowing at her missingnarm. When he looked upwards to glare at Murphy, the officer quicklynreplaced his helmet. Robin said nothing asnhe dropped a duffle bag onto the table Murphy sat in front of. \"Inbrought the supplies to replace Red's arm,\" He said as henunzipped the bag. \"Red, I also brought some meat. Here,\" Thenyoung man then pulled out a plastic bag full of brown pieces ofncooked meat, giving it to Red. \"Eat. Then we'll get started.\" Red sat down and beganneating with gusto. Robin pulled out mechanical items from the dufflenbag, carefully placing them on the table. \"Where did you getnthe black eye?\" Robin paused atnMurphy's question. Something dark flashed in the boy's eyes andnMurphy knew he had seen that type of look before. He did not like it.n\"That's none of your business,\" Robin finally snapped at him.n\"Red, come here.\" The girl obeyed,nplopping herself down to the chair next to Murphy. As she began tontake off her shirt, Robin threw the cyborg a dirty glare and shiftednthe chair so Red's back was to him. \"Try not to breaknthis one Red,\" Robin leaned over the girl's shoulder, quicklynattaching on the metal limn. \"This should last you for a few years.nI don't have any skin masking, so the metal is going to gleam innthe light. Watch out for that.\" \"I have long sleevenshirts,\" Red glared at him. \"And gloves. You don't need tonremind me each time.\" \"I told you to staynwithin city limits, but apparently you listened to me then, huh?\" Red flinched at thisnand they both fell into uncomfortable silence. Quickly, Robin went tonwork. While Murphy had watched tapes on his own transformation andnthe often repairs on his own body, he found them to be disgusting andndownright disturbing. But as he watched Robinnbegan the slow delicacies of attaching Red's new arm, he found thenwhole ordeal morbidly fascinating. While he had no idea what Robinnwas doing- Murphy himself only knows the fundamentals of his ownnmetallic body- it was clear as day the boy did. With expert ease ofnsomeone who has done this numerous times, Robin attached Red's newnarm within a few minutes. \"Here comes thenneural connection…\" Robin said gently as he twisted somethingnwithin the shoulder. Red gave a hiss of painnthen relaxed, allowing Robin to finish attaching the arm. He attachednthe three tubes Murphy had-not-so-delicately pulled out and he wasndone. Red gave a face ofnconcentration as she tested the movement. Her fingers twitched,nfollowed by the bending of the wrist, then of the elbow, slowlynfollowed with raising it high and bringing it back down. \"It's anbit stiff.\" \"Wait a few days,nyou'll see a difference.\" () A/N: Rewrote thisnchapter about fifty billion times. It's not much to look at, Inknow, but trust me, there was shit jumping off the walls before I gotnto this point. I hope you enjoyed. R/R peeps.[Chapter 8] \"Who gave you that black eye?\" Robin paused momentarily in his movements. The young man took a deep breath and resumed his actions of replacing his tools away in the duffle bag. \"That's none of your business.\" \"I'm making it my business. Who hit you?\" Robin looked on over to where Red was. The blonde girl was testing out the movements of her new arm by twisting off the caps of her vitamin bottles. He turned his attention back to the cyborg. \"It doesn't matter.\" In a different time, in a different life, things would've played out differently. Murphy would ask a few questions, assess the situation carefully. He would then give the boy his card along with a phone number. After that Murphy would keep out an open eye and try to read for any signs of future abuse and go from there. But now he's living in this time, living this life. Murphy didn't have the luxury of waiting. He knew exactly what was going on. \"Robin,\" Murphy said in a soft voice. \"Who is hurting you?\" The boy chuckled darkly. \"Nobody is hurting me,\" He huffed. \"Your job is to keep an eye on her. Not me. So just drop it.\" \"Tell me his name.\" Robin's hand slammed down on the table. \"Shut up!\" He yelled. \"It doesn't matter!\" At Robin's sudden outburst, Red jerked in surprise and spilled the contents of the pill bottle over the table in front of her. Murphy pushed forward. \"It does matter. Someone is hurting you and I want him to stop.\" Robin wasn't looking at him, he was looking at Red, frowning at her facial expression. He placed one last item into his bag, swung it over his shoulder and said in a much calmer voice, \"Like I said, it doesn't matter. I have to leave now.\" He got up quickly as if expecting for Murphy to grab him. Murphy kept his hands to himself. He watched the boy ruffled Red's hair. The girl asked what was going on and Robin ignored her question. Robin threw Murphy one last dark look and left. Red was gaping noiselessly at his departure. \"What was that about?\" She shrilled. \"Why was he so upset?\" Murphy didn't answer immediately, watching Robin leave down the stairs. \"I'm afraid…\" he began, not exactly sure how much he should tell her. \"Robin is being hurt by someone.\" Red shook her head. \"What do you mean? I don't see any blood or bruises.\" Murphy did not want to get into details. This future may have desensitized her beyond normal, but that doesn't mean he wants to add on to that.\"Trust me, Red. Someone is hurting him.\" But… What to do about it? It's not like he can burst into the sewers, guns ablazing. He didn't know where the fugitives were, who was hurting Robin, and for god's sake- he didn't even have a gun. Even more, Murphy thought, eyeing Red's worried face, he couldn't just leave her by herself. Even if she had experienced long isolation periods, Murphy was not willing to leave her. It was too dangerous. He would not take her along either- that's just plain stupidity. Then what about Robin? Was he just to leave the boy to his fate? Fuck! Red touched Murphy's arm. \"Who is hurting Robin?\" \"I don't know,\" he said, thinking it over. \"He didn't say.\" It was quite likely it was the grandfather. Most abuse cases, the abuser was usually the father, an uncle, or the grandfather. Even if Murphy wanted to rush in, guns ablazing, he certainly didn't want to hurt the wrong person. Fu uuuuuck! () Sleep sequence: Over in twenty-five seconds. Over in fifteen seconds. Over in ten seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Murphy woke up. He would never need to drink coffee or struggle to wake. Once his sleep cycle was over, it was over. It was a brand new day in the isolated city and once again, Murphy thought he may be deaf. It took him a few seconds to remember the reason behind the lack of noise. He stood, his hydraulics whirring loudly. Now that he rested, he wouldn't need to sleep for at least another three or so days. He quickly accessed his security system, scanning the area for dangers. He didn't expect any, but it didn't hurt to be cautious. The top floor of the library was empty like he expected. Wait…empty? \"Red?\" Murphy called out, moving over to her sleeping area. Her mass of blankets showed evidence of recent use, though the girl was nowhere to be seen. \"Red?\" Murphy moved down to the first floor, expecting to see the girl hunched over the books she so loved to look through. He really should teach her how to read. It's not like he didn't have the time. The girl was not in library. Murphy double-checked to be sure. No way someone would have come in and taken her by force. His systems would have alerted him to that. So that only meant… she left on her own accord. A million and one horrifying thoughts went through his mind. She didn't leave a note obviously, so where the hell did she go…? No. Dread went through him as sudden realization dawned. No, no, no, no, no…she wouldn't be that stupid, would she? Yes. Yes she would. Murphy stalked down the library's front steps, looking to his left right immediately, hoping he would catch her form in the distance. Nothing but silence on all sides. The sewers. Go to the sewers. The nearest manhole was about fifty feet down the street. He scanned it and saw no traps, no planted bombs or other such devices. With one finger, he popped the manhole out, sending dirt and water grime over the clean streets. He wouldn't care, but common sense told him leaving evidence of human for someone to see is a very bad idea. He took a quick second to scoop the grime into the hole, before lowering himself down. He replaced the manhole as perfectly as he could and climbed down. Upon seeing the sewers, it was like a breath of fresh air, so to speak. The sewers were clean- impossibly clean for sewers, but there still was a measure of fungus and dirt on the walls. Who would've guessed Murphy missed the sight of filth? The water that flowed through here was also dirty, brown and stale. The walls were made out of some new material, something Murphy didn't recognize. He stretched out his scanners as far as he could, allowing echoes to bounce off the wall, alerting him to walls, unseen drains, and other man-holes. God, he could be down here for years and never find a trace of the girl. Murphy had heard of criminals trying to hide in the sewers, only to get lost themselves and die of dehydration, suffocation, or they unknowingly cut themselves and infect the wound with gangrene or cholera. But… if Red was down here, Murphy was going to find her. () ","Summary":" Hisnhead felt heavy. He wanted to lift it up, to open his eyes, but nonenof his body parts were res"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Just You And Me","Author":"CrackshipQueen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9921511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, so I decided to do a story for Christina and Dylan, since I'm working on a William and Phoebe one. I will update at least probably once a week, as I almost always do, anyways there will be no introductory this time. Let's get this story to a start! Dylan sat down on his bed, a soft yawn escaping his lips. He had been pretty lonely since he and the others quit spending so much time together. They had all sort of begun doing their own things again since they didn't have to split the family up anymore. He missed hanging with all three of them so much, especially Christina. It was almost frustrating. They had gotten so close trying to break each other apart and now that we're staying together, he barely spoke to any of the three. It wasn't that he didn't want to, he truly did, but he wouldn't dare admit that he missed them because of his pride. Dylan stood up, stretching out. He thought maybe he would just wait for William to come to the room and start a conversation with him. The problem is, it wasn't William he wanted to speak to. It wasn't even his sister, Phoebe; it was in fact Christina, the step-sister. He never looked at her as family. It would be weird if he did, because he knew he had romantic feelings towards her, and that would be weird. He decided to go find Christina and talk to her. He left his room, heading to hers. When he made it there, he knocked on her door. She opened the door, a huge smile spreading across her face. She had missed Dylan. They had certainly drifted and she couldn't help but feel hurt because of that. She had developed these feelings for him that she really couldn't explain. It was a little frightening, if you asked her. Although she knew that he would hate her if he found out, she couldn't help herself. She looked at him in wonder, trying not to look too excited. \"Yeah?\" She asked, trying to be as nonchalant as possible. Dylan couldn't find the words to tell her how he was feeling without making it obvious how he actually felt. It made no sense but he didn't care. \"I miss talking to you.\" Dylan said simply. He hoped that the easy answer wasn't too obvious. Christina felt her heartbeat speed up rapidly as she stared at him. \"I miss you too, Dill pickle.\" She said with a laugh, ruffling his hair. There was so much she had wanted to say now that they were talking that she really just couldn't. She decided she would leave things at simple with a smile. Dylan smiled back, not really sure how to reply. He nodded, pulling her in for a hug. If she ever told anyone about it, he'd deny it, but right now, that didn't matter. All that mattered was this moment. Christina was taken aback by Dylan's actions, but quickly decided to wrap her arms around him. He smiled, quickly pulling away and wiping himself off. He rubbed the back of his neck. \"We should really hang out again.\" He stated, looking at her. Christina nodded in agreement, a huge grin spreading across her face. \"I would like that.\" She replied. Dylan smiled, keeping his eyes on her for a moment before walking away from her room. Christina shrugged, walking into her bedroom and shutting the door behind her. She sat down on her bed, grabbing the magazine she had previously been reading and picked up where she left off. Dylan walked down to the kitchen, a small smirk still on his face. He was glad that he and Christina were regaining the friendship that they used to have. He decided now it was time to talk to William, then Phoebe. He grabbed something to drink; taking a sip and then walking back to his room. Dylan went into his room, sitting down on his bed. \"So, William…\" He mumbled softly, although he didn't know why he was trying to be so nice. William knew he was a jerk, as well as everyone else in his house. Perhaps even his entire school. William glanced at him, raising an eyebrow. \"What?\" He asked his step-brother. Dylan rolled his eyes. \"What's up?\" He asked simply. \"Do you really care?\" William asked, his mouth curving into a smirk as he crossed his arms across his chest, knowing he was right. Dylan nodded. \"I actually do.\" He replied, although he knew it was somewhat a lie. \"Well, I'm making a chart for each of our family member's interests.\" William replied with a simple shrug. Dylan was kind of impressed, although he didn't dare to admit it. \"Okay, cool. Hey, um, do you maybe want to hang out tomorrow?\" He asked, trying not to get his hopes up. William simply nodded, going about with his chart, which Dylan knew was his signal to leave. He exited his room, going back to Phoebe and Christina's room. He knocked and Phoebe answered it. \"Dylan?\" She asked, raising an eyebrow. Dylan gave her a small smirk before asking, \"How are you?\" Phoebe slowly nodded. \"I'm pretty good, how about you?\" She asked him. \"I miss you.\" He stated, getting a small smile and a half-hug from his sister. \"I miss you too.\" She stated. He decided that he should just leave and talk to them all tomorrow. He went back downstairs to see that dinner was almost done, which really pleased him. Once it was finished they all sat down and had dinner together, and Dylan was glad the group was getting back together. After dinner, Dylan changed and brushed his teeth for the night, lying down in his bed. There was so much on his mind he had yet to express, but he was too tired to explore at all for the night. Hey, okay, what do you think? I am not even close to done, obviously, but I hope you guys like it and please R&R.; By the way, I am going to add a little William/Phoebe to this although it's a Dylan/Christina story. I don't own any characters, nor do I own Yours, Mine and Ours. That is all. Thanks, bye.[Chapter 2] I'm sorry it took me so long to update this story. I know how upsetting it can be when someone almost never updates. Anyways, I'm going to try to update every other day, but who knows. Okay, on with this story! Dylan was up and ready to spend time with the three people he'd missed the most. Christina, Phoebe, and William. Since it was summer time there was no need to worry about school or anything. He quickly changed into some navy blue jeans and a black and white striped t-shirt, his black beanie hat on top of his head. Once he exited his room, he went downstairs to eat breakfast. When he entered the room, he realized most of the family was still asleep. He shrugged it off, sitting down next to Phoebe, who was joined by Michael, Mick, Jimi, Harry, Joni, and Kelly. He was kind of upset to see that Christina wasn't in the room but he shrugged it off. After breakfast, he went to the bathroom and brushed his teeth before going to find Phoebe, whom he knew was awake. When he went back down to the kitchen, Phoebe was still in there, almost finished eating her food. \"So, Phoebe…\" Dylan mumbled, leaning against the door frame. Phoebe looked at him and smiled, putting her plate in the sink. \"Hey, Dylan. The others aren't awake but I'm ready for today.\" She said with a smug smile getting a chuckle in response from her brother. \"What?\" She asked him, rolling her eyes. \"Nothing… Nothing. I'm just happy.\" He said with a nod, looking at her. She shook her head, walking past him and up the stairs to get ready. Dylan smiled, sitting down at the table to relax. When Phoebe entered her room, she was shocked to see Christina up and getting ready. \"Hey…\" She mumbled, although Christina was too busy going through her clothes to pay any mind to her step-sister. Phoebe shrugged, also beginning to go through her clothes. Since she was going to be spending time with William, she might as well dress to impress. When Dylan left the kitchen he entered his room to find a sleeping William. He was usually the only person who woke up super early like this but for some reason; he was still asleep, which Dylan understood. Dylan usually loved to sleep in, but on an occasion like this, he would rather be up and ready and he really wished William was too. About an hour later, William awoke. It only took him minutes to get ready and then the four of them were out the door. They decided each of them should pick someplace to go, starting with Christina. She decided they should go to a park and since it was a rather dark day and not many children were out anyways the others agreed. When they made it to the park, William and Phoebe immediately went to the swing set, leaving Dylan and Christina together. Dylan didn't mind. He was actually more glad than anything. He sat down on one of the benches and Christina joined him only moments later. \"So, this is pretty nice, right?\" Christina asked him, trying to make conversation. \"Yeah, this is.\" Dylan said with a nod. He found himself staring at her for longer than he originally intended. After a moment, he turned his gaze away from her and onto his sister and step-brother. They were holding hands while swinging and it led him to wonder if there were something more between the two of them. He wouldn't mind if there were, unless William hurt her. He looked back over to Christina who was smiling at him. \"What?\" He asked. She just rolled her eyes, tapping him on the shoulder before quickly hopping up. \"Tag, you're it!\" She exclaimed, quickly dashing off. Dylan chuckled, quickly getting up and chasing after her. He ran to the swings, tagging Phoebe and quickly running off to join Christina. He enjoyed how they were acting like children. Phoebe hopped off of the swing, quickly tagging William before joining the other two. They played around like that for almost an hour before Christina called it quits and decided that it was time to go. Next Dylan got to pick where they went, and he chose lunch, of course. They ended up going to Rob's Restaurant and Catering. They took their time in the restaurant; all of them talking about when they tried to break their parents up until their food came. They ate, each of them talking one at a time about how they were doing until they were done. After dinner, it was William's turn to pick what they did. He decided that they should go see a movie. He chose to watch Nothing Left to Fear, probably so that he could snuggle with Phoebe. When they made it to the theater, they got their tickets, some popcorn and a candy, and went to the room they were supposed to be in. About an hour and a half later, they finished watching the movie, only leaving Phoebe's choose as to what to do. \"We have to go home first.\" Phoebe stated, leaving all three of them a little puzzled. Once they made it home, though, Phoebe decided to explain. \"I sort of already planned a vacation for the four of us since the rest of the family is going somewhere else for vacation. I saved up money when I had that part-time job at Starbucks. Pack your things and let's go.\" She stated. None of them argued, as they were all ready to get away from home for a while. William agreed to drive, with Phoebe in the front and Dylan and Christina in the back. After they had finished packing, they had all hopped in the car since it was already six in the evening and they were all antsy to leave. Dylan sat in the back with Christina, the entire car completely silent besides Phoebe humming along with the music on her IPod. It was beginning to get darker out, which Dylan didn't really mind. He liked it better that way. Once they pulled up at the log cabin Phoebe had given William directions to, they all got out, each of them first grabbing their suitcases. Phoebe grabbed the key from inside the light socket, exactly where the man told her it'd be at. Once they all walked inside they looked around in wonder. Phoebe was shocked. It was even prettier than the website had shown. She was very happy at the way things were turning out already. She hurried upstairs, picking out her room first, since there were four, they finally wouldn't have to share. Dylan was next to go upstairs, picking out a bedroom that he'd be staying in for the next few weeks. Once he sat his stuff down on his bed, He headed back downstairs to unload the three coolers of food, plus the bag with toothpaste, toilet paper, soap, shampoo, toothbrushes, towels, and other household items were. Christina was next to pick out her room. She picked the one directly in the middle of Dylan and the empty one, which would soon be William's room. Once they had all gotten into their rooms and gotten all of their things out of William's car and into the cabin, they decided to start a campfire and turn on the hot tub and get ready to have a good time, just like they had been all day. Dylan set up the hot tub while Christina got the items for smores and William and Phoebe worked on the campfire. Once they all finished with that, they each went to their separate rooms, since each one had a bathroom, and changed into their swimsuit so they could get in the hot tub. About five minutes later they all met downstairs in the living room, heading outside to get into the hot tub. \"Phoebe, this is great.\" Dylan said with a grin. \"I know.\" Phoebe replied with a laugh. Phoebe got out of the hot tub, running inside for a moment before running back out and getting into the hot tub again. She shoved her earphones in, keeping her IPod far away from the water. William laughed and rolled his eyes, getting comfortable, closing his eyes to relax. Christina glanced at Dylan nervously, unsure what to say. They had spent all day together; most of the time only the two of them since Phoebe and William had kept running off together. First at the park, then they had to sit across from each other at dinner, and then next to each other at the movies. And now here they were, once again, together. Christina thought maybe it was fate. Although, she knew it was only the odds. She was brought back to reality when she heard Dylan's voice. \"Huh?\" She asked, blinking multiple times. \"I asked if you wanted to get out of this hot tub and sit by the fire with me.\" He repeated with a smile. Christina didn't even have to think about her answer. \"Yes.\" She replied, standing up and quickly getting out of the water. She got out, sitting down next to Dylan by the fire. Dylan was first to speak when they were both settled in. \"I'm glad we get to get away for a week.\" He stated, although he had so much more to say that was simply not possible at the moment. \"So am I.\" Christina agreed with a nod and a smile, looking at him. She felt a small yawn escape her lips and she knew, no matter how bad she didn't want to, it was time for her to sleep. \"Hey, Dill, I think I'm going to go for the night.\" She stated, getting a simple nod from the boy. She went up to her room, taking a quick shower before changing into her most comfortable pajamas and lying down for the night. Dylan sat by the fire by himself for a while before finally deciding that he was bored of the quiet and would much rather be asleep. William and Phoebe were still in the hot tub, being as silent as possible, so Dylan was basically alone. He headed to his room, unpacking his things. It took him about twenty minutes but he didn't mind. Afterwards he took a shower, also lying down for the night. Phoebe looked at William, taking out her earphones and throwing them to the side. \"Where'd they go?\" She asked, looking around for a moment. \"I don't know… Christina left about an hour ago and as for Dylan, I don't know.\" William said with a shrug. Phoebe simply laughed and shook her head. \"I'm starting to prune up, I'm getting out of here.\" She stated. William nodded in agreement, following her out. Phoebe dried off, walking into the house she walked up to her room, taking a shower and then getting ready for bed. William put out the fire and turned off the hot tub, covering it up. Once finished, he went in the kitchen, grabbing a quick sandwich. He ate quickly, going up to his room to take a shower. Once finished he laid down in his bed, ready for sleep. What do you think? This story has not gotten many views at all and it really sucks. I just really wish that Christina and Dylan got as much attention as William and Phoebe. I mean, they're such a great ship and I love them together almost as much as William and Phoebe but nobody pays attention to them. Anyways, I did want to say that William and Phoebe are, in fact, secretly together but I didn't want to make it too obvious just yet. Towards the end, they'll get more and more obvious until they finally tell the family, which influences Dylan and Christina to do so as well. Anyways, Read and review please. Thanks and bye![Chapter 3] I am so ready to update this story! Last week was a long week but, yeah, I'm back! So, I'm going to go ahead and continue since I'm kind of eager for this one. I know it's been forever but, yeah, I'm back. Dylan woke up to the sound of laughter downstairs. He wondered why the others were up so early, looking at his watch. He was shocked to see it was already almost noon and he wondered how he had managed to sleep that late without somebody waking him. He shrugged it off, walking downstairs. Once downstairs, Dylan looking around in curiosity. He noticed Phoebe and William sitting in the kitchen. \"Where's Christina?\" He asked, cocking his left eyebrow at the two. Phoebe simply rolled her eyes at him. \"Sleeping.\" She replied simply, looking back to William and continuing their conversation. Dylan sighed, walking out to the back porch. He wasn't sure if he wanted to wake Christina or not. He was only sure that he would not talk to William and Phoebe. It was obvious that they didn't want, nor did they need anyone else's company. He stood on the back porch for about an hour before finally deciding to make some breakfast for him and the others. He walked back inside, getting out all the breakfast food. He began cooking when he heard someone walk in, although he didn't turn around to see who it was because he was too busy with his food. \"Is that bacon?\" He heard Christina ask. A small smile began to rise on his face and he was just thanking god she couldn't see him. \"Yeah.\" He replied. He turned around to look at her. \"Are you hungry?\" He asked her. \"Very.\" Christina replied with a nod. She sat down at the table, glancing at him for a moment before looking down at the table with a small smile. He is so cute. She thought to herself, not saying anything as she glanced at him in wonder. Dylan turned around, catching her eyes for a mere moment, her glance quickly moving back to the table as a warm blush approached her cheeks. Dylan allowed a smirk to slip onto his face, turning around to finish up the food. Ten minutes later, he was finished. \"William! Phoebe!\" Dylan exclaimed, turning around and putting food onto the plate he'd sat in front of Christina. William and Phoebe walked in, their hands pulling apart as soon as they'd entered the room. \"Hey, you made breakfast!\" Phoebe said with a smile. \"That I did.\" Dylan said with a nod. William and Phoebe both sat down at the table as Dylan sat food in front of both of them, grabbing his own food and sitting down across from Christina. It was quiet for a moment, and then Phoebe spoke up. \"Are you guys enjoying yourselves?\" She asked, looking between the three. \"Definitely.\" William said with a grin, looking at her. \"I love it, thanks.\" Christina mumbled, also looking at Phoebe. \"Me too.\" Dylan chimed in with a nod. Phoebe looked around the table, smiling at each of them as she continued to eat, not saying anything else just yet. Once everyone was finished eating, William suggested that they all go hiking and nobody disapproved of the idea, so they all went to their rooms to get ready for the long day of hiking. About 30 minutes later, Christina came out in some ankle high Capri's, walking downstairs to wait for the others. She had her hair thrown up into a bun and a flannel t-shirt she had gotten months ago but never used it. She wore her cheer shoes as well. Dylan wore his favorite beanie hat, along with a black and white cross shirt, and a pair of tan khaki pants, his gym shoes on. William wore a plain white t-shirt with a pair of knee-length shorts and his best hiking boots. Phoebe threw on her olive-green tank top with a pair of jean shorts that came to about her thighs. She had on a pair of gym shoes, and her hair was in two piggy tail braids on each side of her head. After each of them had finished getting ready, brushing their teeth, and such, they all headed out the door and began to hike through the woods. Dylan felt a bit of satisfaction being in the woods alone. He felt like he were in one of his favorite horror movies, and he didn't know if he'd ever felt such a rush, other than when he was talking to Christina. Christina, on the other hand, wasn't too fond of being in the woods. All of the bugs, and smells, and wild animals bothered her, plus the woods gave her the creeps. But she ignored it for the sake of the group, because she knew they were enjoying it. William was probably the most satisfied, though. He loved walking, and hiking, and being outdoors, really. It wasn't too hot out today, either, which only made things better. Phoebe didn't really have an opinion on the hiking. She was happy to be with her brother, William and Christina, but then again, there were other things they could do that were fun. \"Boo!\" Dylan exclaimed next to Christina with a smirk. He had been trying to scare her all through the woods, and succeeding almost every time. \"Would you stop that?\" Christina asked Dylan with a growl, rolling her eyes at him. \"Nah, I'm good.\" Dylan replied with a chuckle. Phoebe rolled her eyes at them, walking with William in silence. They didn't speak much around Christina and Dylan, but they were always together, which was good enough for them. William looked at Phoebe with that crocked grin of his. \"You know, we're all alone out here. It'd be really easy to kill someone.\" He mumbled. Phoebe laughed and rolled her eyes. \"Is that supposed to ' scare ' me?\" She asked with a smirk. \"Maybe.\" William replied. Christina glanced at them and rolled her eyes. She knew they had liked each other. She was shocked that the rest of the family hadn't. It didn't bother her, though, because she had had a thing for Dylan. \"Once this trip is over you're both going to be scared?\" Dylan said, a little smirk playing across his face as he looked between the two girls. William chuckled until Phoebe hit him in the chest, rolling her eyes. \"Maybe, or maybe you'll be the ones that are scared.\" Christina suggested with a shrug, walking ahead of the boys. About an hour later, they finally turned to head back, because they had already been walking for two hours so it was a long trip back. Once they made it back, it was almost five in the evening. \"Why don't we chill in the hot tub for a while?\" Dylan asked. \"I'm in.\" Christina said with a nod and a smile. They all got into the hot tub, sitting down. \"So…\" Phoebe mumbled, glancing at William for a moment. Christina smiled. \"Let's tell 'scary' stories?\" She suggested. \"Yes!\" Dylan instantly yelled, and Phoebe and William just glanced at each other and shrugged. Dylan was first to tell a story, using them as the characters. He told them about the man in the woods. Every twenty years, for one week, he feeds. He threw in their other siblings as characters too. The story went on, having a few children get snatched. The man liked to torment his victims before he killed them, using painful, but unusual tools to kill each of them. Christina couldn't help but shiver at this. She was a tad bit frightened, although she wouldn't admit it. Once the story was over, Christina decided to get out and cook dinner. She cooked in silence, listening to Phoebe and William tell their stories. After a while, the hamburgers were finished. She sat them on the table. \"Dinner.\" She said, opening the door and peaking her head out of the door. The others began to file in as the all sat down and ate dinner. Christina had already taken a shower and changed before dinner so now she decided to spend her time in her room, since she was still kind of frightened by the stories and would rather not sit outside. She tried to find something interesting in her room to do, but found nothing so she went downstairs, turning on the TV and putting in a movie. Once her movie went off, though, the others had already come in for the night and she was ready to go to sleep as well. She went to her room, lying in her bed, but she found it hard to fall asleep. Almost impossible, really. She was too scared. She spent almost an hour tossing and turning until she finally gathered up the nerve, getting out of the bed and walking to Dylan's room with a knock. Dylan opened the door, seeing the petite blonde standing in his doorway. \"Christina?\" He asked, raising an eyebrow at her. \"Can I, uh, sleep in here tonight? I'm scared.\" She mumbled, looking at the floor in embarrassment. \"Of course, come on in.\" Dylan said, laying his pillow and blanket on the floor. \"What are you doing?\" She asked. \"Sleeping on the floor?\" Dylan replied. \"Sleep in the bed, with me. For comfort.\" Christina said, looking at him hopefully. He smiled and nodded. \"O-Okay.\" He said, lying down in the bed, as Christina joined him. They both fell asleep almost immediately afterwards. So, R&R;? I have been so busy lately, you don't even understand, but I am glad to be back! This story still isn't very popular, y'know? But, I'm still going to continue it, okay.[Chapter 4] It has been forever since I updated this one. On my William and Phoebe one, I said I probably wouldn't update today due to my birthday but I changed my mind. I am going to work on this one and maybe even a few more, I don't know. Anyways, back to the story. Dylan woke up, looking down at the small petite girl in his arms with a smile. He wanted to stay there like that with her forever but he knew one of them would have to get up sooner or later. Dylan moved slightly, trying not to wake Christina up. He got free, looking at her for a moment with a smile before walking out of the room. He went downstairs, noticing it was still early. He yawned and shrugged, going back upstairs and grabbing his swimsuit. He went to the bathroom and changed, heading back out to the hot tub. He got in, sitting down and beginning to relax. After about half an hour he heard something come from the woods. \"Boo!\" Phoebe popped out of the woods. \"What in the hell are you doing out there?\" Dylan asked. Phoebe shrugged. \"William and I were walking but I lost him.\" She replied, walking in the back door and starting breakfast. Christina walked down the stairs, yawning to herself. \"Morning.\" She called to Phoebe. \"Morning. If you see Will, tell him I made it home.\" Christina nodded, walking out to the back porch. \"Hey.\" She said, sitting in a chair by the hot tub. \"Hey.\" Dylan replied, looking at her with a smile. \"When did you wake up?\" She asked him. Dylan shrugged. \"A little less than an hour ago.\" Christina nodded. \"You could have woken me.\" She said with a shrug. \"Yeah but you look cute when you're asleep.\" Dylan got a big grin from her after he said this. \"Thanks.\" Dylan nodded. \"You're welcome.\" Christina scratched her head. \"Where exactly is William?\" She asked. \"According to Phoebe, the woods.\" Dylan replied. \"I'm going to go change and then look for him.\" Christina said. \"Want company?\" He asked. She shook her head. \"Um, no. I'm fine.\" She walked up to her room, grabbing her outfit and changing. She walked downstairs and outside, into the woods, looking around. \"William?\" She called, rolling her eyes. \"I swear if he tries to pop out and scare me I'll punch him in the nose.\" She said to herself. She walked around, calling out his name every once in a while. Finally she had been out there about an hour and she rolled her eyes, shaking her head. \"Whatever, jerk face. You aren't scaring me!\" She called out. She turned around, bumping into a tall figure. A scream escaped a mouth as she looked up to see none other than her brother. \"Jerk.\" She said again. \"I'm not scaring you, huh?\" William smirked. She smacked his arm, walking ahead of him and not looking back. He chuckled, following her. \"Your scream probably has Dylan freaking out.\" William teased. \"Shut up.\" Christina said, looking blankly ahead as she continued to walk. \"I'm just saying-\"William started with a shrug. \"Shut up.\" Christina repeated, rolling her eyes. \"Awe, Christina's embarrassed.\" He teased. Christina stopped, turning to him. \"Will you please just shut up?\" She shouted at him, storming off back towards the house. William held his hands up defensively. \"Woe, sorry.\" He mumbled, walking after her. \"Get lost or something.\" Christina snapped, walking back into the yard and up into the cabin. Dylan chuckled. \"Ouch.\" He mumbled to William. \"Shut up. You're shriveling like a raisin.\" William muttered. \"That's your great come back?\" Dylan laughed again. \"Yep.\" William said with a shrug, walking inside. Dylan shook his head, getting out of the hot tub and drying himself off. He walked inside. \"Breakfast should be done any time now.\" Phoebe said. Dylan nodded. \"I'm just going to go change. I'll be back.\" He replied, getting a simply nod from Phoebe. He went upstairs, throwing on some dry clothes and walking back downstairs. \"We should do something other than hike while we're here.\" He said, sitting down at the table. \"Like?\" Phoebe replied. \"A scavenger hunts. At night.\" Dylan suggested with a grin. \"Well, who will hide the stuff?\" Phoebe asked. \"There are four of us, so we would need to be in teams of two or every man for himself.\" She pointed out. \"So we all hide them.\" He shrugged. Phoebe rolled her eyes. \"That makes no sense.\" She replied. \"We each hide a few items.\" Dylan said with a shrug. \"Whatever.\" Phoebe mumbled, getting an eye roll from Dylan. \"Food!\" She called to Christina and William, who came into the room soon after. They all discussed the scavenger hunt and how they were going to do it. \"Okay, so if we have twelve items, we each hide three.\" Christina said with a shrug. \"Yeah, except we're hiding them during the day and finding them at night.\" Phoebe pointed out. \"What?\" Christina asked. \"Well, we weren't sure if two groups of two or if we all just split up and do our own thing.\" Phoebe said. \"Let's vote.\" William suggested. \"Good idea.\" Phoebe nodded. \"Dylan, partners or not?\" Dylan shook his head. \"Not.\" Phoebe nodded. \"Christina?\" She asked. \"Partners.\" She replied. \"William?\" William shook his head as well. \"I want to do this on my own.\" Phoebe shrugged. \"Then it's decided, every man for themself.\" Christina groaned at this. She got up, putting her plate in the sink and going upstairs to her room. She sat on the floor, beginning to do her daily stretches. Once she was done with that, she walked downstairs. \"So, what supplies am I hiding?\" Phoebe looked to her. \"Well, we're hiding them one at a time and while whoever is hiding them; the other three have to stay inside.\" Christina nodded. \"Who's all went?\" She asked. \"Well, Dylan is out there right now and then William is going to go and then you can and then I will.\" Christina smiled. \"Thanks.\" She said, walking in the living room and sitting on the couch. The time passed by pretty slowly but soon enough, it was Christina's turn. The list of twelve items contained: a rubber ducky, a pair of sunglasses, some earphones, a hairbrush, a pair of William's pants, a book, a sneaker, a glow stick, a plastic egg, Phoebe's diary (which was, of course, locked), a bandana and Christina's nail file. Christina knew that Phoebe had made the list because it was completely random and William was much too organized and Dylan was too lazy. She finished hiding the sneaker, the nail file and the bandana, heading back to the house. \"Finished.\" She said to Phoebe, sitting on the couch with the boys. They were rambling on about the randomest things so she just zoned them out until Phoebe returned. Once she returned, they all headed out to the hot tub so they could allow it to get dark outside. \"So, guess what I heard?\" Phoebe spoke. \"What?\" William asked. \"I heard on the news this morning that the zombie apocalypse is happening. Maybe they'll make it to us tonight.\" She teased with a grin. \"No, I'm just kidding. But seriously, that would be nuts.\" Dylan nodded with a laugh. \"It really would.\" He agreed. They sat in the hot tub, talking about whatever popped into their mind until it was time to go. They all got dressed in warm, dry clothes and headed out to the woods. Christina hated to admit that she was very scared to go into the woods alone at night. It was bad enough that she still had the scary stories in her head but she was all alone and it was dark and these woods went deep. Someone could easily get her and the others probably wouldn't even hear her scream. She heard a branch snap behind her, gasping and stopping right in her tracks. She didn't turn to look, she didn't run and she didn't ask who it was. She just stood there in fright. \"Christina?\" She heard Dylan's voice, breaking her trance. \"Dylan.\" She breathed a sigh of relief. \"Hey.\" He offered a smile. \"Isn't this a lone mission?\" She asked. \"You didn't seem too thrilled to be alone.\" He observed. \"I guess not.\" She admitted. He took her hand in his and she began to blush. \"Come on.\" He whispered. \"This is cheating.\" She whispered back. Dylan just shrugged. \"You really think those two are actually apart?\" He asked her. Christina thought for a moment. \"Good point.\" She agreed. Dylan and Christina found five of the items, deciding they would just walk around instead. \"So…\" Christina mumbled. \"Can I say something?\" Christina nodded. \"You look beautiful even out here in the dark.\" He said. She blushed madly, looking at the ground. \"You don't look too bad yourself.\" She stopped walking. He stopped as well, smiling at her. He looked at her for a moment, not saying anything. It was the type of silence that was uncomfortable but Dylan was willing to break it. He leaned in, placing a warm kiss to Christina's lips. She kissed back for a moment, wrapping her arms around his neck until she realized what she was doing, pulling away. She shook her head, sighing to herself. \"I'm sorry, I can't.\" She said, hurrying off towards the house again. Dylan wanted to call after her but he couldn't. He just stood there in the woods, feeling heartbroken. He sighed to himself; shaking his head and heading back off towards the house as well. So, that's it for this chapter. I have had writers block for this one but I'm getting back into it. Review and tell me what you think! Feedback is appreciated. Anyways, that's it for today.[Chapter 5] It has been forever! Or that's how it feels anyways. So, I'm sitting here and my cable and internet are down at the moment (Which is very annoying) Buuuut, I decided to spend my time doing something productive and I remembered that I have like three incomplete fanfictions that I haven't worked on in a while but I decided on this one. I know, things have been so slow and I pretty much left it on a bit of a cliff hanger but I can continue now and hopefully finish it soon. Christina sat down on her bed, sighing softly to herself and running her hands through her hair. When Dylan kissed her, she felt so much spark and chemistry and she couldn't help but yearn for more. She knew it was wrong, being in love with her step-brother but she couldn't control it. When she was around him, she lost herself. She smiled and laughed and she knew that she was just head over heels for this boy. And now she knew that he was head over heels for her too. But she felt that if anything more happened with them, she would disappoint her father and she never wanted to do that. Which is why she would push him away. She would never let herself give in, no matter just how badly she wanted to. A knock on her door brought her straight out of her thoughts, causing her to jump slightly. She hopped off of the bed, getting up and opening the door. She saw Dylan, trying her best not to sigh. \"Hey.\" She mumbled. Dylan scratched the back of his neck, looking at her and then to the ground. \"Hey.\" He replied. Christina didn't know what to say so she stood there, a sigh escaping her mouth. \"Dylan, last night.. It never happened, okay?\" Christina pushed past him, heading for the stairs. She felt a hand slide into hers and she turned to look at him. \"Christina, I can't forget about last night. It's been on replay in my head since it happened and it's going to continue to until we kiss again. I am in love with you and I am not going to apologize for loving you. I don't care how long it takes for me or what it takes, I don't care if you push me away. I will fight my way back in, even if you don't want to let me in. Because I am completely in love with you.\" Dylan said, looking into her eyes as he spoke. Christina was speechless. She didn't want to let him in. Well, really she did but she also didn't. It is all very confusing. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. \"I don't love you, Dylan. You're not going to fight your way in because I don't have feelings for you.\" She lied, yanking her hand away and hurrying off down the stairs. Dylan stood there, trying to conceal the pain and hurt that he was feeling. He had never loved a girl and as soon as he did, she turned him down. They had been so close and now he was sure they would not be the same. Christina walked out of the door, heading straight into the woods. She didn't bother to look for Phoebe or William, she knew they were either in the woods, in the house or in the hottub together so she just wandered off to be by herself. She walked around for hours being mad at Dylan, being mad at herself, being mad at her father, being mad at the world, really. It was almost nightfall when she finally decided to walk back to the house and that was really only because she was frightened to be in the woods by herself at night time. She walked back to the house, seeing Willam and Phoebe on the back porch, talking and laughing together. \"Hey.\" She mumbled, opening the door. \"Christina,\" Phoebe called, catching her attention. \"Yeah?\" She asked softly, leaning against the door and looking at the two. \"We should talk..\" Phoebe suggested. \"Just the two of us.\" She added, glancing at William. He nodded his head, standing up and going to his room. \"What is it?\" Christina asked, taking a seat in the chair beside Phoebe. \"Look, Christina... I know that you love Dylan and I know that he loves you. Don't let worries keep you apart, okay? You two, you belong together and it's very clear.\" Phoebe said softly. Christina shook her head. \"I can't be with him, Phoebe, I can't.\" Phoebe sighed softly. \"You can. Look, do you want to know something?\" She asked, looking at Christina who nodded silently. \"William and I, we've been together for months now and we're happy. We risk it, Christina, because we love eachother. Trust me, William was hesitant because of your father but he warmed up to the idea pretty quickly. We were going to tell him when we went home tomorrow. That's why I wanted to talk to you first. Because, I thought you should know plus I know that you're also in love with your step brother. I wanted you to know you're not alone.\" Phoebe explained. Christina thought for a moment, taking it all in. She stared at Phobe before nodding slowly. \"You're right, you are.\" She said softly. \"But I can't be with Dylan, he thinks I hate him.\" \"Then prove him wrong.\" Phoebe said, getting up and heading for the door. She turned with a smile. \"I'll see you in the morning, okay? Don't forget we're leaving by noon.\" She walked inside, shutting the door behind her. Christina sighed, getting up and walking inside as well. She locked the door, going to Dylan's room and knocking softly on the door. Dylan opened the door, glancing up at her. \"Hey, Christina.\" He mumbled, glancing at his feet. Christina thought to herself for a moment before shaking her head and pulling her to him before connecting their lips. Dylan hesitated in shock before quickly kissing her back, a smile making way on his face. Christina pulled out of the kiss, laying her forehead against his and looking into his eyes. Dylan looked back into hers. \"Why did you kiss me?\" \"Because I love you.\" \"But you said-\" Dylan started to talk, being cut off by Christina kissing him again. He immediately kissed back, not much worried about the sentence he hadn't completed. Christina pulled away with a smile. \"I was scared, I'm not scared anymore.\" She shrugged. \"Good, then be with me?\" Dylan asked. Christina grinned slightly, nodding her head at him. \"I would love to be with you, Dylan.\" She replied softly. Dylan smiled, kissing her cheek. \"I'll see you in the morning?\" He asked her. \"Yeah.\" Christina replied, hurrying off to her room. She showered and changed, laying down and looking at the ceiling with a wide smile. \"I'm his.\" She chimed to herself before closing her eyes. That's it for this chapter. There's probably going to be like one more after this. Anyways, I have, like, nothing left to say so that's it.[Chapter 6] So, this is the last chapter! I can't believe how long it's taken me to write this annnd how long it's been since I have writen for this story. I mean, it was literally last year! I just reached 1,000 views and I want to thank you for that! I hope you're all enjoying this story! Today was the day. Today was the day that Christina left her own personal paradise and went back home to face the rest of her family and let them know just how much she truly did love Dylan. She knew it wouldn't be easy. In fact, it'd be really hard. But she didn't mind. Her and Dylan had discussed it over breakfast and they were prepared. And now, as she was packing up her things, she wasn't so sure she was prepared. She wanted to be with Dylan but she didn't want to go home. Not so soon. A soft sigh escaped her lips as she closed up her suitcase and looked at her hands in her laps. She decided she was ready after all with an encouraging nod, she stood up and dusted off her hands on her pants. There was a soft knock on the door and she glanced at the clock. It was noon, which meant time to go. She grabbed her suitcase and headed to open the door. \"Hey,\" She mumbled as she opened the door. She looked up to see Dylan and a smile spread across her face. \"Hi!\" She chirped. \"Ready?\" Dylan asked her with a smile. Christina nodded and smiled. \"Yep.\" She replied. Dylan softly took her bag out of her hand, offering her a smile and heading out to the car. Christina smiled to herself, following closely behind him. Phoebe and William already had their stuff throw in the trunk of the car and they were waiting in the front, fingers intertwined and smiles on both of their faces. Christina smiled and shook her head, hopping into the back of the car. Dylan put both of their bags in the trunk and followed Christina into the back, closing the door behind him. \"Off we go.\" William said with a smile, looking at Phoebe and then to the two in the back before beginning to drive. Dylan glanced at Christina with a smile, softly wrapping his arm around her and pulling her closer to him. Christina giggled softly, pressing a kiss to his cheek and smiling at him. \"I love you.\" Christina heard Dylan whisper in her ear. \"I love you too.\" She whispered back softly, snuggling her head in his shoulder. The car drive continued on for a three hours, not including the time it took for bathroom and gas breaks, before they finally made it home. Christina hopped out of the car and grabbed her suitcase, hurrying off into the house. \"We're home!\" She called, going into her room and throwing the suitcase on the bed. She heard of the kids yelling and running around the house. A soft laugh escaped her lips as she shook her head, walking out of the room. She was attacked by three or four hugs from the kids and she couldn't help but be happy that she was home with them. She really had missed them. Dylan walked past with a smile, winking at Christina when the kids weren't paying attention. Him and William walked into their room, putting their suitcases down. A few of the kids knocked on the door to comment on how much they had missed them as well. Phoebe spotted Christina with the kids and laughed slightly, walking past to put her stuff in her room. As soon as she walked out, the kids switched from Christina to Phoebe. Christina stuck out her tongue teasingly, knocking on the boy's door. Dylan opened the door with a smile. \"Hey.\" He said. \"Hey, when are we gonna.. Y'know?\" She said softly. \"Whenever Phoebe and William are ready.\" Dylan shrugged. \"We're doing it soon. We'll get you two.\" William butted in with a nod. Christina nodded and smiled. \"Okay, thanks.\" She said softly, heading off to her room and plopping down on the bed. About an hour passed before William knocked on the door and Christina answered it. \"It's time.\" He said, nodding for her to follow him. She nodded and did as she was told. Once they were in the living room, she spotted Phoebe and Dylan and they both nodded and smiled at her. \"Everyone,\" William said loudly, looking around at the family. \"I just want you to know that Phoebe and I are in love and we don't care what you say, we're going to be together.\" He cupped her cheek and tucked some hair behind Phoebe's ear before kissing her. Christina grinned, clapping her hands together happily. Dylan took a breath, nodding and smiling. \"And I want you to know that, no matter what anyone in this entire world thinks about it, Christina and I are still going to together. That's just how much we love each other.\" He said, softly placing a kiss to her lips. Christina kissed him back, wrapping her arms around him. Once they pulled away, they both looked around at their family, who was completely silent, before they looked back to eachother. \"About time.\" Naoka mumbled, playfully rolling her eyes. \"Seriously, could it had been more obvious?\" Harry asked, shaking his head. \"I mean, William and Phoebe could barely keep their eyes off of each other and Dylan and Christina flirt even when they don't know they're doing it.\" Joni said. \"Even Aldo and Ethan could see it!\" Mick agreed with a nod. Aldo nodded his head. \"It's true.\" He replied. \"Yeah!\" Ethan agreed. Christina glanced to her father, who still hadn't said anything, and she tried to read his features but all she was drawing was blanks. Helen had a slight grin on her face and Christina thought that that at least was a good thing. \"Dad?\" William asked, taking a deep breath. Frank sighed softly, running a hand through his hair. \"There isn't a way to stop this, is there?\" He asked. The four of them looked at each other before shaking their heads in unison. \"Then I accept it.\" He replied with a nod, earning a grin from almost everyone in the family. Christina squealed happily, followed by cheers from all the kids. Dylan smiled, leaning in and kissing Christina again. Christina kissed back, giggling softly. \"We did it.\" Phoebe said happily. \"Yeah, we did.\" William said softly, looking at her with a happy smile. \"What?\" Phoebe asked. \"I just.. Really love you.\" He said softly. Phoebe giggled softly. \"I love you too, nerd.\" She said, pulling him in and kissing him. Christina pulled out of the kiss, looking into Dylan's eyes. \"I thought that paradise was in that cabin but I realized that it wasn't.. My paradise is in your arms.\" She said softly. Dylan looked at her adoringly, tucking some hair behind her ear. \"I am so in love with you.\" He mumbled softly. \"Yeah, me too.\" Christina said, laying her head on his shoulder. They had done it. They were together and happy and everyone, even her father, knew it and approved of it. That's all she had ever wanted. So, that concludes this story. Thanks to all of my readers, you mean the world to me! I hope that was a satisfying enough ending for you all, I tried my best and I'm fairly happy with it. ","Summary":" Hi, so I decided to do a story for Christina and Dylan, since I'm working on a William and Phoebe o"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"The Slumber Party","Author":"angelkittysmith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10758076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Planning the Party Phoebe Burton was walking home from middle school with her best friend, Christina Arden who she has known since kindergarten. \"Hey Christina, would you like to sleep over at my house on Friday night?\" Phoebe asked. \"It will be lots of fun.\" \"Okay, Phoebe,\" Christina replied. \"I don't have any other plans. We can even invite all of our good friends from our school.\" \"Okay, who should we invite?\" Phoebe asked. \"Let's invite Joni and Kelly,\" Christina replied. \"They may only be in the 6th grade, but they are still our good friends.\" Christina and Phoebe then walked over to Phoebe's house, where Phoebe's parents, Frank and Helen were in the kitchen, reading the paper. They had plans to go out on Friday night. \"Mom, Dad, is it okay if I invite a few of my friends over for a slumber party this Friday night?\" Phoebe asked. \"Sure,\" Frank agreed. \"But remember, it's for girls only, no boys allowed!\" Helen stated firmly. \"Okay, Mr. and Mrs. Burton,\" Christina agreed. \"So, do you have any ideas about what we should do for the party, Christina?\" Phoebe asked. \"We'll talk about it tomorrow at school,\" Christina asked.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Sending Out Invitations Phoebe then saw her 6th grade friends, Joni and Kelly and invited them to her sleepover on Friday night. \"Oh boy, a slumber party!\" Joni exclaimed with happiness. \"What all are we going to do?\" Kelly asked. \"Well, what would you girls like to do?\" Christina asked. \"I don't know, how about karaoke, makeovers, talking about boys...\" Joni stated. \"Let's not forget all the great snacks we are going to serve, too,\" Phoebe notified. All of a sudden, two 7th grade boys who were friends of Phoebe and Christina came by and overheard about the party. \"Hey, I heard you girls were having a party this Saturday,\" William stated. \"Can we come?\" Dylan asked. \"I'm afraid not, Dylan,\" Phoebe notified. \"My parents say no boys are allowed.\" \"Okay then,\" William remarked. \"See you guys later.\" William and Dylan then left. \"Saturday night looks like it's going to be really fun,\" Kelly then stated. \"Yeah, I can't wait,\" Joni agreed. The bell then rang for homeroom. \"See you at lunch, Christina,\" Phoebe then told her best friend. They then waved at each other and then classes got started for the day. At lunchtime, Phoebe, Christina, Joni, and Kelly then all sat together and discussed more on how much fun the slumber party was going to be that Friday night.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Jammin' to Music Friday night came, and Phoebe and Christina had their slumber party, along with their 6th grade friends, Joni and Kelly. They were singing Hannah Montana songs on karaoke, and jamming out. The girls sang the theme song, \"Best of Both Worlds\" and of course the \"Hoedown Throwdown\" theme from the movie. \"Wow, Phoebe, you are a very good singer!\" Joni complimented. \"Thank you, Joni,\" Phoebe replied. The girls then got out their Dance, Dance Revolution video game and danced to favorites like The Cupid Shuffle, Cha-Cha Slide and Tootsie Roll. \"This is a great party, Christina,\" Kelly remarked. \"Thank you for inviting me!\" \"You're welcome, Kelly,\" Christina replied. \"All this dancing is making me tired, though. What do you say we watch a DVD and make ourselves some popcorn?\" \"That was just my plan, Christina,\" Phoebe replied. \"What DVDs do you have in your collection, Phoebe?\" Joni asked. \"Well, I have lots,\" Phoebe explained. \"What would you 3 girls like to watch?\" \"Do you have My Scene Goes to Hollywood?\" Kelly asked. \"I sure do,\" Phoebe replied. The girls then unplugged the karaoke machine and the Wii, and then turned on their TV while Phoebe popped some popcorn. \"Is everybody having a good time so far?\" \"Yes,\" the 3 girls replied.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Refreshments and Other Fun \"I also ordered a pizza in case anybody gets hungry for dinner,\" Phoebe reminded. The popcorn was then done cooking, and Phoebe then handed out 4 cans of soda to everyone. \"I love this movie,\" Joni stated. \"I haven't seen it in ages.\" Christina then went up and talked to Phoebe. \"Hey Phoebe, do you know when your parents will be back yet?\" Christina asked. \"I don't really remember, Christina,\" Phoebe replied. \"I love this part where the 4 girls meet all the famous celebrities, like Lindsay Lohan,\" Kelly remarked, with her and Joni still paying attention to the movie. Before the girls knew it, their pizza came. Phoebe then went up to answer the door and got the pizza for all the girls to eat. \"Our pizza is here, fresh and hot from the oven!\" Phoebe declared. Everyone took 2 pieces of pizza and then sat in front of the TV to continue watching the movie. \"When the movie is over, I can braid your hair if you want, Joni,\" Phoebe offered. \"Sure, Phoebe,\" Joni agreed. \"That sounds like an awesome idea.\" \"Hey, that gives me another idea for something fun to do,\" Christina stated. \"What is that, Christina?\" Kelly asked. \"We could do hair and nail makeovers once the movie ends,\" Christina stated. The girls then continued watching the movie and eating their pizza, popcorn, and soda.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Stylin' Makeover Time After the movie the girls were watching was over, they did each other's hair and nails. \"I would love to French braid your hair, Joni,\" Phoebe then stated. \"Go ahead and do that, Phoebe,\" Joni agreed. \"I can paint your fingernails and toenails, Kelly,\" Christina offered. \"All right, Christina,\" Kelly replied. \"That would be awesome.\" The girls then got started on their makeovers. \"I'm still keeping an eye on when my parents will be home from their evening out, Christina,\" Phoebe remembered. \"It's all right, Phoebe,\" Christina replied. \"We've got time! Also, Kelly's and my nails need to dry, too.\" \"I am almost done styling Joni's hair,\" Phoebe mentioned. Joni then looked in the mirror at her new hairdo. \"It looks great, Phoebe,\" Joni gushed. \"Thank you!\" \"You're welcome,\" Phoebe replied. \"What do you think of my fingernails and toenails, Phoebe?\" Christina then asked her best friend. \"Nice,\" Phoebe complimented. \"They're French manicures and pedicures, Phoebe,\" Kelly then explained. \"They are supposed to be the new hot thing right now!\" \"That's cool,\" Phoebe stated. \"After Joni does my hair, we can stay up late under our sleeping bags talking about all the cute boys we have come to see in the 6th and 7th grade.\" \"Okay then,\" Christina agreed. \"That sounds like a good plan!\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Telling Stories About Boys \"Now that we've done each other's hair and nails, let's tell some stories about the boys we've known and dated,\" Phoebe then suggested. \"Okay, Phoebe,\" Christina then agreed. \"That sounds like a good idea.\" Christina then told her story first. \"My crush's name is William, and he's a very smart boy who knows what he's doing. We first met when we were in the 5th grade, just 2 years ago. He moved to my new school, and he had no friends.\" Phoebe was next to tell her story. \"My crush's name is Dylan, and he's a very nerdy, down-to-earth young boy. We both met in kindergarten, which was a very long time ago. We played at each other's house every day since then.\" Before the girls knew it, they heard a strange knock at the door. \"What was that?\" Joni asked nervously. \"Christina, would you go answer the door?\" Kelly asked. \"Phoebe should do it, since she's the hostess,\" Christina then reminded Kelly. Phoebe then got up to answer the door, and see who was there.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: No Boys Allowed Phoebe gasped in shock at who she saw at the door. She saw William and Dylan, 2 boys from her class. What would her parents say when they found out about this? \"Who invited you boys inside of here?\" Phoebe asked. \"My parents said that no boys were allowed at this party.\" \"Well, we just wanted to see how things were going, Phoebe,\" Dylan explained. \"Don't freak out about it, okay?\" \"I especially want to come inside and see Christina for a little while, too,\" William then explained. \"Let's put it this way, boys,\" Phoebe told her guy friends firmly. \"We don't want you guys at our slumber party, so please leave before my parents catch you here!\" William and Dylan entered the house, anyway. \"Oh hi, boys!\" Joni greeted cheerfully. \"We were just talking about you with Phoebe and Christina,\" Kelly then told William and Dylan. Suddenly, there was a car honking in the driveway. \"Oh no,\" Phoebe then panicked. \"You guys have to leave, okay?\" \"We don't want to leave, Phoebe,\" Dylan replied. \"You have to leave because my parents said no boys are allowed at the party,\" Phoebe then emphasized. \"Okay then, Phoebe,\" William remarked. \"We're on our way out right now!\" The boys then ran fast past Mr. and Mrs. Burton's car as Phoebe's parents rang the doorbell.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Good Night Mr. and Mrs. Burton came into the house with a shocked look on her face. \"Did I just see boys come over to your house, Phoebe?\" Mr. Burton asked in a stern time of voice. \"No, Dad,\" Phoebe replied in a nervous tone of voice. \"Everything is not what it seems, okay?\" \"Yeah, they came over just to check up on us,\" Christina then agreed with her friend. \"You see, we didn't actually invite them over.\" \"Okay then,\" Mrs. Burton said. \"Just making sure.\" Phoebe, Christina, Joni, and Kelly then get ready to go to bed. \"Wait a minute, before you girls all go to bed, how was everything tonight?\" Mrs. Burton then asked the girls. \"Oh, everything was just fine until the boys came over,\" Kelly noted. \"Did you girls have fun?\" \"What all did you girls do?\" \"We did lots of fun things,\" Joni then replied. \"We sang karaoke, ate dinner, watched movies, did makeovers.\" \"But then when the boys came over, that was where our troubles got started,\" Phoebe then admitted to her parents. \"We specifically told them to go away and then they wouldn't go away.\" \"All right then,\" Mrs. Burton then agreed. \"I'm glad you girls had fun tonight. We're going to bed now, and I think you girls should, too! Good night!\" \"Good night, Mom,\" Phoebe replied back. The girls then went to bed and fell asleep. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Planning the Party Phoebe Burton was walking home from middle school with her best frien"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Return of NIMH","Author":"LatinFlower98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12442842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello friends! I would like to say that this is my very first fanfiction! Please be kind if you can be because I do make many mistakes but I will learn. I hope you enjoy this story because I will commit to it and finish it. Scouts honor. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Don Bluth film. I only own my OC's. Chapter One I woke up in a cold sweat and immediately sat up. My heart raced as I stared out into the darkness of my bedroom. I could barely recall the nightmare that had made me wake up, but I could still remember the fear I had. Dragon. That beast of a cat. I then looked at the side of the bed that was empty. I gently placed my hand on the spot my husband used to sleep in. My chest then began hurting the same way it had been since I was informed of his death. I knew no matter how many years passed, it would always hurt. The tears began to well up in my eyes and I quickly shut them. \"Jonathan….\" I whimpered out into the darkness. I covered my face and tried to wipe away the tears. As I sniffled I had a sudden urge to leave. I have no idea why but I had this strange feeling that I should leave my house for a bit. I got out of bed and grabbed my red cape as I quickly and quietly left the front door. I made sure it was shut before I turned around. I exhaled. \"What am I doing?\" I whispered to myself. I then began to walk to the one spot I will always cherish and that no one knew about. I sat down on the edge of the pond and placed my feet into the water. I sighed as the water was rather cooling and relaxed me a bit. This is where it all started. The spot I would eternally grateful for and would remind me that everything happens for a reason. This was the spot I met Jonathan. We were younger then. I was a more timid mouse then and didn't dare to go out far from home. But for some reason, I had decided to explore that day. I sat down where I am now and looked into the pond. When I looked up and turned around I was met face to face with the another curious mouse. I lightly chuckled while recalling how startled I was and nearly took off without a second thought. We became friends quickly, and then we became lovers. It wasn't hard to love him. He was so smart, adventurous and so very kind. I stood up and began to walk in the water. I loved him so much and I still do. He gave me a home, he gave me my children, he gave me love. I looked up into the night sky and saw all of the stars shining brightly. It reminded me of a simpler time. Flashback Starts He held my hand tightly as we both lied down and gazed at the stars. He then pointed up at the night sky. \"That's the big dipper.\" I cocked my head and tried to find whatever he just said. \"Where?\" I asked. He pointed again. \"You see the group of stars that form a pot?\" I tilted my head the other way and finally saw it. \"Oh! I found it.\" I replied. \"That's the big dipper.\" He said it while smiling. \"I've never seen it before. How did you find it?\" I asked him with curiosity. \"I read it in a book somewhere.\" He answered. \"You can read?\" I asked him while sitting up. He nodded his head. Not very many mice could but the ones that did were very smart. \"I could teach you if you want.\" I was in complete awe. \"Really?\" I asked in disbelief. He looked at me and sat up while smiling. \"I promise.\" I then quickly hugged him. He laughed and brought us back down on the ground. We giggled as we went back to looking up at the stars again. Flashback Ends I found the big dipper and smiled. \"I miss you,\" I said aloud. After a few more minutes of looking up at the stars, I began to head back home. As I finally was back inside I went into Teresa's and Cynthia's room. They both were sound asleep. I then checked into Martin's and Timothy's room. They too were both fast asleep with some light snoring coming from Martin. It made me smile. I let them be and headed back into my own bedroom. After I took off my cape and placed it aside I slipped back into my bed. I lied down and exhaled. There would be no more nightmares tonight. I closed my eyes and started to recall a few good memories.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two I woke up to the sound of my children calling out to me. \"Mom! Can we go outside?\" Ever since Timmy had fully recovered he has been begging me to let him outside whenever he can. I sat up and grabbed my cape. I stepped outside my bedroom to find Cynthia on the floor playing with her little doll and Teresa arguing with Martin. Timmy was practically halfway out the door. \"Okay, but come back inside soon cause I'll be making breakfast.\" I walked into our small, kitchen and began to think about what I would be making. \"Mother, please tell Martin that it's not polite to grab Cynthia's bow.\" I shook my head while gathering some pans. \"Martin, please don't mess with your sister.\" Cynthia didn't seem to mind though, she just continued to play with her doll. As both Teresa and Martin began to bicker some more I then said \"Children, how about you go outside. It looks beautiful today.\" And it did. The sun was shining and I could hear the birds chirping away. \"Yes, mother.\" Teresa obeyed as she grabbed Cynthia's hand and headed out the door. She was always such a good girl. \"Well, only for a little bit,\" Martin said as he gave in. My eldest son looked the most like Jonathan, but in personality wise Timmy was more like him. After breakfast, I began to clean up a bit and listened to children play. I hummed away as I was scrubbing the dishes clean. I remember when it was just Jonathan and me with baby Teresa. Times had been so simple then. I was a new mom and all my time went into taking care of her. She was a good baby and only cried when she was hungry. Then Martin came along and soon after was Timmy and lastly Cynthia. Now here I am with four children. I must admit it did get lonely sometimes. Jonathan was a good father to them all and did his part of raising them too. Just in some moments, I felt a little less….I guess I was so lost in my thoughts because I didn't realize that I could no longer hear my children. \"Mommy.\" I heard my youngest daughter call out. \"Yes dear,\" I replied while still cleaning. \"Justin's here to see you.\" I accidentally dropped my dish into the sink as my heart began to race. I slowly turned around to see Cynthia holding hands with Justin. \"Oh….\" Was all I could say at first. He smiled at me which did make my face feel hot. \"Mrs. Jonathan Brisby, how are you this morning?\" I then realized I was just staring rather than answering. \"Oh, I'm doing just fine. How are you, Captain?\" I walked over to them quickly and smiled up at Justin. \"I'm wonderful. I apologize for intruding into your home so sudden.\" I began to fix my hair and shook my head. \"Oh, it's no problem, Justin. You're always welcome here.\" Cynthia then tugged on Justin's arm. He looked down and smiled at her. \"Yes, ma'am?\" He asked. \"Why did you come here to see my mommy?\" He kneeled down and grabbed both of her hands. \"I came here to see your lovely mother because I have some very important matters to discuss with her.\" Cynthia giggled at his gestures towards her. \"Okay. I'll leave you and mommy alone.\" He stood back up and let go of her hands. She walked out the door which was currently crowded with my other children. \"Go play some more.\" I encouraged them all. As they all went back outside I looked up at Justin with a small smile. \"So tell me, Jonathan, how is Thorn Valley?\" I gestured him to the living room and insisted that he should sit down. \"It's good….\" He trailed off without finishing as he sat down slowly. As I sat down in front of him, I couldn't help but feel concerned. \"But something's wrong. Isn't there?\" His smile dropped as he looked down. \"I wouldn't come here unless it was of great importance.\" I nodded as I understood what he was saying. \"Of course coming to you see you itself is very important.\" I blushed at his statement and my heart began to pick up again. \"But I am in need of your help.\" Oh goodness. If he came to me for help, that wasn't a good sign. What exactly could I be useful for? Yes, I drug Dragon, but I was nearly killed in the process of it. I did warn the rats of NIMH, but just barely. And I finally did lift my house but that was because of the stone. I may be helpful but only to a certain extent. \"What is it, Justin?\" He hesitated. He looked me in the eyes and said two words that made me shake to the bone. \"It's NIMH.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter Three I gasped aloud and placed both of my hands on my face. \"NIMH?\" I was in disbelief. Weren't they completely safe from them? Thorn Valley is their safe haven if it isn't safe there where would they go? \"Yes.\" He replied gravely. \"We have several eyes spread throughout the land and our sources say that they are causing even more trouble. They are expanding their testing subjects and go almost anywhere to retrieve them. We fear that they will never stop and may eventually find us. We need your help, Mrs. Brisby.\" I couldn't believe it. That nightmare of a company was still ruining animal lives. \"How exactly could I help you?\" I asked confused. How could I play a part in all of this? He stood up and began to walk around the room. I watched him closely as he walked. \"Nicodemus once told me that the stone had more abilities than we aware of. Since you are the only one who has ever been successful with working it, I thought it would be best to come to you. Your heart is pure and is full of courage.\" He walked up to me and grabbed one of my hands in his own. \"We need you.\" He gave me a light squeeze before letting go. \"So I would have to go with you to Thorn Valley?\" I asked him. He nodded. I was willing to go, but what about my children. \"My children-they would be watched over and cared for. We would never put your children in harm's way.\" He finished. I couldn't help but think that this is what Jonathan would have wanted. If he was still alive he would be doing this instead. He was hurt terribly when he was in that dreadful testing lab, I can't imagine what those poor animals go through. They should be- no. They must be stopped. If I am able to help bring down that awful human company, I will do whatever I can. I nodded my head. \"I will do it.\" He smiled at me. \"Thank you so much my sweet lady.\" He said in the most sincere voice. He stood back up proud with his hands on his hips. \"When exactly do we leave?\" I asked him as I stood up as well. \"Tomorrow. First thing in the morning.\" I was shocked. \"So soon already?\" I asked him. He nodded his head. \"Well it would have been today. But I have a team with me that is currently searching through the rose bush. \"The rose bush!\" I became worried. \"But Farmer Paul Fitzgibbons had NIMH exterminate the place. What if there is poison left over?\" I asked. He shook his head while placing both hands on my shoulders. \"Do not worry Mrs. Brisby. It's been a few months since we have evacuated. Besides we are very careful when it comes to things like this.\" I sighed in relief. He let go of me and began to head back to the front door. \"Why are you searching through the rose bush?\" I asked in curiosity. \"We're looking for any equipment we may have left over. Also we will be staying there for the night.\" Before he left I quickly stopped him. \"Justin.\" He turned around to me. I didn't want to be rude and not offer him a more comfortable place to stay. \"You're welcome to stay here for the night.\" He smiled at me and I couldn't help but smile back. \"You're awfully kind Mrs. Brisby. But I couldn't possibly intrude anymore- I insist Captain. You're always welcome in my home and besides, the children would love it. Right children!?\" I asked as I knew they were all eavesdropping on our conversation. \"Yes mother!\" They all said in a union. He lightly chuckled. \"Alright. I thank you very much Mrs. Brisby for your hospitality. I will have to leave though for a little bit. I will return before dark and will bring one guest with me if you don't mind.\" I became excited. \"Oh okay.\" Right before he headed out the door he said his goodbye, for now at least. \"I will see you later in the evening Mrs. Brisby.\" He smiled at me one last time before he left.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four Night came a lot faster than I had expected. While time was going by quickly, anxiety was eating me up. I was sitting at the dinner table listening Teresa read to us all. It was obvious of how much smarter she was than me. She being the good girl that she is always helped me when it came to the rest of the children. She would help me with the house chores, looking after the children, and help to teach the rest of us how to read. What would happen if I died during this journey? Would she have to mother all of them? All by herself? I'm sure Mrs. Shrew would step in, but even that worries me. What would happen to them? No father, no mother, all alone. I can't leave my kids like that, but I have to try to help Justin. I have to be brave. My kids are depending on me as well as Justin and the rest of the rats. I can't let either of them down. I know I can do it, but it's gonna take a lot of strength. I must have been so far into thought, I hadn't realized the children looking at me with concerned faces. \"Momma?\" Cynthia said. I had snapped out of my train of thought and focused once again on my kids. \"Yes, dear?\" At this point, Teresa had stopped reading and closed her book to look up at me. \"Mother, you look worried. Is it because Captain Justin came by today?\" I wasn't expecting these questions from Teresa, but then again I should know better since she is so smart. \"I have something to tell you, children.\" I became very nervous. I didn't want to leave them again, but these matters were very important. \"I have to go away, I have to go help Captain Justin with something very important.\" All of their faces dropped which made my heart speed up a bit. \"Where are you going, Momma?\" Cynthia asked. \"I have to go to Thorn Valley. I have to help all the rats and I won't be back for a while.\" Timothy then walked up to me. \"You have to help them again? But why?\" He asked with such curiosity. \"It's so hard to explain sweetie. I promise I'll explain it to you, but when I return.\" I combed through his hair a bit to comfort him. \"What if you don't come back? Father didn't.\" That last part got to me because it was true. I remember it like it was yesterday. Flashback Starts \"Elizabeth!\" I heard Jonathan calling out to me as I was in the living room washing the children's clothes. \"Yes, dear?\" I replied back. He came into the living in a rush and appeared to be looking for something. \"Have you seen my journal? I think I might have misplaced it when putting the kids to bed last night.\" I thought quickly trying to figure out where he might have left it. \"Did you try to look for it in the girl's room? I think you tucked them in last.\" He quickly did go into their room. \"Oh, found it!\" I heard him say in triumph. He came back out with his little journal tucked under his arm. \"I need it for today. I'll be going out…. I won't be back until later on tonight. Can you handle things by yourself?\" He asked me. I smiled at his concerned question. \"You underestimate me, Jonathan. I can handle it just fine.\" I replied slyly. He walked over to me and grabbed my face with both of his hands and kissed me. I gasped at his sudden gesture. When he let go, he looked at me and smiled. He stroked my cheek. \"I love you.\" I had this odd feeling in the bottom of my stomach. \"I love you too, dear.\" He pulled away and head out the door to say goodbye to the children. Flashback Ends I was on the verge of tears. I looked at them all. All of them had a piece of Jonathan within them, the only things left of Jonathan really. \"I promise you all that I will come back.\" I then heard a knock on the front door. I got up because I knew exactly who it was. It still seemed too soon to happen, but I guess time went a lot faster than I expected it to today. When I opened the door I saw Justin once again along with someone else behind him. \"Good evening Mrs. Jonathan Brisby.\" I stepped aside to let them both in. \"Hello, again Justin.\" As he walked in a hooded figure followed him. \"I would like you to meet Miss Camilla.\" The hooded figure then took off her hood and looked at me with a smile. \"Good evening Mrs. Jonathan Brisby, how are you?\" She had such a young face. She was no doubt a rat because she towered over me just like Justin. Even though she was shorter than Justin, she was still very tall and slender. \"Good evening. I'm very good, thank you for asking.\" I was still a little confused as to why Justin brought her here, but I wasn't about to prevent them from entering. After all, I do trust Justin with my life. \"I have brought Miss Camilla to watch over your children while we are away.\" I was a little shocked. Mrs. Shrew will not be pleased when sees a rat in my house. \"Oh, you didn't have to bring her. I hope it's no trouble.\" I was going to have Mrs. Shrew watch over the children, but it seems plans have changed. \"I insist. Miss Camilla is trained well with weaponry as well as taking care of children.\" She nodded her head in agreement. \"Yes ma'am, I may not look skilled but trust me. My husband has taught me well.\" \"Oh, well that's comforting. I'm sure he has taught you well then.\" She nodded again smiling this time. \"Yes, ma'am-oh. I do apologize for him, he was just trying to protect us.\" She then said suddenly. I then became confused. \"Why would you apologize? Have I met your husband before?\" I asked her. \"Yes, you met him at the entrance of the rose bush.\" I then got chills go down my back. \"Brutus?\" I asked in shock. She nodded eagerly. \"Yes, ma'am. I'm so sorry about that.\" I clearly remember my encounter with him. He nearly killed me! \"It's quite alright, no harm done.\" Even though I was almost killed, he did have his reasons to protect the rose bush. I lead them both into the living room. \"Children, come here for a bit,\" I called them closer. All of them stared at Camilla. \"This is Miss Camilla, she will be watching over you all while I am gone. I need you all to be good to her and listen to her.\" Martin then crossed his arms in a huff. \"I don't need someone to watch over me. I can take care of myself just fine.\" He said stubbornly. Oh Martin, what am I going to do with you? Ever since he was a baby he has always been stubborn. \"I'm sure you can young man.\" Justin walked over to him and kneeled down. \"But let me tell you a secret.\" He gestured for Martin to come closer to him. Martin did so and Justin whispered something to him in his ear. Martin's frown quickly turned into a smile. \"You understand now?\" Justin asked him. \"Alright! Yes, sir.\" Martin replied back eagerly. Justin chuckled at his response. Cynthia then quickly grabbed Justin's arm and tugged at it. \"Yes, ma'am?\" He turned to her. \"Momma will come back, right?\" She asked in concern. He grabbed both of her hands like he did this morning and said, \"I promise you that I will protect your mother and bring her back safely. Although I'm pretty sure your mother will be protecting me. Your mother is very strong and brave.\" I blushed at the last part. Cynthia giggled. \"Okay, but you better keep your promise.\" He nodded his head. \"Yes ma'am, I promise.\" After all the children were put to bed and I said my goodbyes to them because I would not see them in the morning, I had to get ready to leave with Justin. It was passed midnight at this point and I had told Camilla my regular schedule with the kids. \"Don't worry Mrs. Brisby. I will protect your children with my life. I will not fail you.\" She said while bowing a little. \"I greatly appreciate it dear. Thank you.\" She straightened up and quickly said, \"The pleasure is all mine. It would be my great honor to serve the Brisby's. What your husband did for us, we owe him our gratitude.\" I smiled. The more I learn about Jonathan, the more I realize how truly special he was. Gosh, I miss him. \"Besides, I have to prepare myself for children. Brutus and I have been trying for children, but so far no luck.\" I gently grabbed her hand and lightly patted it. \"In time it'll come. Just don't give up. I'm sure you'll make a fine mother.\" Brutus….well he's very protective. So I'm sure he'll be a great father in his own way. If he has a daughter though, oh goodness. No boy will go near her. \"Mrs. Brisby, it's time to go.\" I heard Justin say as he walked up to us both. \"Oh, coming. Please take care dear.\" I got and turned around to leave but quickly stopped. I whirled back around and said, \"Oh before I forget. There is a shrew that does like to come by ever so often to gossip. Don't mind her, she's an old friend of the family.\" She nodded her head and understood. \"Goodbye, and take care,\" I told her one last time. \"Goodbye Mrs. Brisby, and good luck.\" I went out the front door with Justin and sighed. \"You feeling nervous?\" He asked me. \"Anxious, but I'm ready.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter Five As we were heading back to the rose bush, I thought talking with Justin might ease my anxiety. \"So, she seems awfully kind….\" I said starting off the conversation. He chuckled. \"I know your experience with Brutus wasn't a good one. But keep in mind he had good reason to protect the rose bush. Besides, he loves her terribly. Sure, he may seem callous and cold, but deep down he is nice and kind. I've been friends with him for five years now.\" He chuckled again. \"You should see them when they're together. She's got him wrapped up in her little finger.\" I lightly chuckled at the thought of him being all lovey-dovey with her. As we continued on across the pond I tried to continue the conversation. \"They want children though?\" He grunted as he leaped onto the lily pads. \"Yeah, maybe now isn't the most appropriate time to have children. But to be fair they can take care of themselves and whatever future children they have.\" I nodded in agreement. As I followed him it became silent. I could hear the crickets chirping and the fireflies buzzing around. The last time I was completely alone with Justin was when I was in the library with him. Flashback Starts I followed Justin into the library in awe. There were so many books! Far more than I could possibly ever read. It was wonderful. \"Do you like to read?\" He asked me which snapped me back into reality. \"Oh, yes. I do even though I'm not very good at it. The children are much better than me and sometimes have to help me.\" I admitted. He took me to the center of the library and we approached a small table that held a large book. He placed his hands on each side of the table and put his weight against it. \"Your husband helped us get here and try to move on from our past….\" He sighed. I wasn't quite sure what he and my husband went through, but whatever it was it left a large toll on them. \"May I ask you something?\" I spoke up from the silence. He stood back up and faced me. \"Always.\" His eyes looked into mine and I felt a jolt of something run up my spine. I didn't know what that was but I had to ignore it. I had so many questions on my mind, but one of them stood out the most. \" Why didn't he tell me any of this?\"I was a little confused and even a little angry that he never spoke of this to me. Justin went down on one knee and placed a hand underneath my chin and lifted it a little. \"To protect you.\" I was completely in a trance when our eyes met. I had this odd feeling in my chest that felt somewhat familiar. He stood back up and went back to the table. He opened the book and there was a large map placed on the page. \"He drew this when we first settled here five years ago.\" I looked at the detail. \"It's of the farm and everything that surrounds it.\" I then located the spot of where my house was. To think that five years ago we hadn't known each other….and now I feel like I still don't know him. Flashback Ends \"Mrs. Brisby?\" I jolted back into the present. \"Mrs. Brisby?\"Justin asked again with concern. \"Yes?\" I asked. He gave me a small smile. \"You're not getting cold feet, are you?\" He asked me while turning back around and continuing. \"Oh of course not, I'm sorry. I'm just thinking.\" I admitted. \"About your children?\" He asked. I shook my head. \"When I first came to the rose bush.\" We then approached the entrance with caution. \"Don't worry, Brutus is off duty.\" He said with a wink. I giggled lightly and followed him inside. When we reached the bottom of the hole a few rats were gathered around with some supplies that were left behind. Among them I spotted an old friend. \"Mr. Ages.\" I said happily while running to him and hugging him. \"Yes, it's nice to see you again my dear. Now please off.\" I quickly let go. \"You came back to the rose bush?\" I asked curiously. After the events that happened, Mr. Ages decided to join the rats to Thorn Valley. Staying here at the farm wasn't enough for him. \"Of course I did, there was some things I had left behind that I needed to retrieve.\" I shook my head while smiling still. He was still the same as he ever was. \"Mrs. Brisby, I have something for you.\" Justin said behind me. I turned around to see Justin holding something in his hands. \"I need for you to wear this.\" He opened his hands to reveal the stone. It shimmered and almost seemed to glow. I walked up to him. He lowered it down into my hands, \"Oh alright-AH!\" As soon as the stone touched my hand there was a jolt of energy shot into my entire being. I gripped the stone as sudden flashes of…. something flickered through my mind. Vision Begins \" Elizabeth!\" Justin shouted. I had a familiar pain shoot through me as I feel to the floor. Justin ran over to me and started to pull me up. I screamed as the pain continued. \"It's time!\" I yelled out. He ran a hand over my forehead and clutched my hand. \"Ages! She's gonna have to do it here. I need your help.\" Mr. Ages walked over to me and began to help me up. \"I need for you to breathe my dear. Try to stay calm and breathe.\" Vision Ends I dropped the stone and began to breathe heavily. \"Mrs. Brisby!\" Justin shouted as he knelt by me. My hands began to shake quite a bit as my mind raced. What exactly did I just see? Where was I? Why was I in pain? \"Mrs. Brisby?\" Justin asked me in a concerned voice. I looked over at him as I tried to slow down my breathing. He placed both of his hands onto my shoulders and looked into my eyes. \"I-I'm fine.\" I answered. \"What on earth happened?\" Mr. Ages asked aloud. There was sudden whispering around the rose bush. \"I saw something. I saw myself and you and Mr. Ages. And there was pain.\" I then began to ramble of what I saw, but I'm sure no one understood what I was saying. I didn't even know what I was saying! I looked back down at the stone. \"I'm sorry Mrs. Brisby, but I don't quite understand. What exactly did you see?\" Justin asked. I reached down but hesitated to pick up the stone. I then quickly grabbed it. Nothing happened. I sighed in relief as nothing did happen. I examined the stone as if there was something hidden in it that I had missed before. \"I don't know.\" I admitted. \"Well whatever you saw we have to discuss another time. We've got company.\" Mr. Ages said in a low tone. Right after he said that a sudden growl was heard above the rose bush. \"Dragon.\" I gasped aloud. This was going to be a long journey. A long dangerous journey.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six I put the necklace around my neck as I backed up against the wall. My heart pounded at the thought of that beast of a cat was just circling above us. \"Don't worry Mrs. Brisby, he can't get to us,\" Justin said as reassurance. \"I wouldn't get your hopes up, boy. There were several tracks throughout the entire area.\" My eyes widened. \"You don't mean…?\" I began to say. \"Oh yes, my dear...the cat's been here before. And we're in his territory now.\" Suddenly there was a loud crashing sound followed by a loud roar. \"Everybody move out!\" Justin shouted. Before I knew it everyone was scrambling to get further into the tunnels and I was right behind them all running. I didn't want that cat to get anywhere near me, I think I had enough close time with him that would last me a lifetime. We headed into an area that was covered in flowers. I had passed through here when I was looking for Nicodemus. Justin opened up a door that was covered in flower petals. \"Hurry.\" He said as he opened the door. I could hear Dragon gaining on us. Everyone quickly went in and Justin slammed the door shut. Breathing heavily he turned around and went to the front of the group. \"Alright, follow me.\" I was confused. Where were we going? \"Justin, where on earth are you leading us to?\" Mr. Ages asked. \"This is an emergency exit. I made this tunnel with Jenner before….\" He suddenly stopped himself. \"This tunnel will eventually lead us underneath the front porch of the house. From there we will head back to Thorn Valley.\" He then began to walk. We all followed him in silence. I didn't think that Justin would stop himself from talking about Jenner. I had a shiver run down my back. My last encounter with him wasn't very pleasant. Anger and desire had completely consumed him which eventually got him killed…. It never occurred to me that Justin would still be bothered by the thought of Jenner and how he had to fight him. Even though he didn't kill him, it was Sullivan who actually did it before dying himself. The whole thing was horrible. And I would be lying if I said that I didn't feel partially guilty for having so many rats injured and killed. Justin and Jenner were lead by Jonathan. So, they must have had some sort of close relationship. I would like to believe that Jenner wasn't always bad. \"Mrs. Brisby.\" I heard a deep voice call my name. I looked for whoever was calling me and saw someone familiar that I didn't even know was in the group. It was Brutus. He walked over to me and once again towered over me. \"Y-yes?\" I asked because my heart raced a little. \"I would like to apologize for our first encounter.\" I shook my head quickly. \"Oh, please don't apologize! I completely understand.\" It was comforting to hear him say that though. \"I am sorry though, I hope we can move on from this?\" I nodded my head. \"Most definitely! I am a little surprised though. Your wife also apologized when we met.\" His face lit up instantly. \"Did your children like her?\" He asked as we continued to walk. \"Yes, she is very lovely.\" He nodded in agreement. \"Indeed she is.\" Sorry about the very short chapter and not updating faster. Finals has got me quite busy lately, but I promise the next chapter will be very long. Until next time guys![Chapter 7] Sorry for the long wait guys. Finals has been keeping me busy for the past couple of weeks and I've been juggling this story and my other one. Hopefully this chapter is nice and long enough. Just as a reminder I do not own anything except for my OC's. Everything belongs to Don Bluth. Chapter Seven Flashback Starts \"Elizabeth, I um… I have something I need to ask you.\" He wouldn't look at me and fiddled with his vest. \"Okay?\" I answered him wanting to know what he had to ask me. He stuck his arm out and gently took my hand. \"Follow me please.\" He lead me to the spot by the pond we always meet up at. He let go and walked into the water. I watched him just stand there muttering something to himself. \"Jonathan? Is everything alright?\" I asked him concerned. He seemed a little off. \"Yes, I um….\" He sighed and slapped his forehead. \"Ohhhhhh why is this so difficult?\" He said aloud. He kept his back facing me as he continued to contemplate. \"What is?\" I asked yet again but more concerned. \"I mean no one said it was going to be easy, but no one told me that it was going to be this hard.\" He began to pace a little, causing the water to make several ripples from his mental war. He stopped himself suddenly and turned towards me. He walked up to me and stopped in front of me. Our eyes met and he looked into me. He got down on one knee and sighed. \"Elizabeth, I love you.\" He said as he reached inside his vest. I placed my hands on my cheeks as I started piecing everything together. My heart raced as he pulled out a little ring made of a single flower and it's stem. \"I hope you love me too because I want you to be with me. So, will you marry me?\" My vision clouded and a few tears slipped from my eyes. He had never said 'I love you' before and here he is now, proposing. \"Yes! I-I will Jonathan!\" I answered as I jumped onto him. We both fell into the water but neither of us cared because we then kissed. Flashback Ends I suddenly woke up and sat up. Everything started to come to me again and I remembered where exactly I was. The rats and I finally made it to Thorn Valley, it wasn't as long as I thought. We had arrived in the early hours of the morning and decided it was best to sleep until we could continue on with what we had to do. The room I was staying in was nice and small. The bed was comfortable and smelled of flowers. I clutched onto the stone that still hung around my neck. I looked down at it and stared. \"What exactly are you capable of?\" I asked it. I then moved my legs off the edge of the bed and stepped onto the floor. Daylight had entered my room and I could hear the birds chirping away. It made me feel homesick and want to be with my children. Today would be a good day to play outside and maybe even go swimming. There was a knock on my door and I quickly grabbed my little cape and put it on. \"Mrs. Brisby? Are you up madame?\" I heard Mr. Ages ask. \"Yes sir, I am,\" I answered as I opened the door. \"Come with me. We're having a meeting and we need you there.\" He said as he began to walk. I closed the door behind me and followed him. \"A meeting?\" I asked him curiously. \"Yes. Justin requested you be there because you're an important factor of this mission.\" I shook my head remembering everything that Justin had told me in my house. \"Is this where we determine whether or not I'm needed in the mission and how we're going to plan it?\" I asked as I still followed. \"That is correct my dear. But before we can go we'll have to see how you control the stone and what exactly we can do to help you understand it better.\" I looked around the hallway we were in. From what I saw, it looked very similar to the rose bush back home, only bigger. If this was their place to go when the rose bush was being attacked, did this place have more electricity than the rose bush? \"Mrs. Brisby.\" Mr. Ages said sternly. \"Yes?\" I asked trying to focus. I must have lost focus and remained in my thoughts too long. \"Good gracious, please try to focus. You aren't here to daydream Brisby. You're here to make a difference for the sake of us!\" I nodded my head and apologized to him. He then lead to a set of large doors that were closed. He opened them and stepped aside to let me walk in first. As I walked in all heads turned towards me and stared. Whispering commenced throughout the court of rats and my heart began to race. Deja vu was what I was feeling, only this time I wouldn't be turned down….hopefully. Justin was in the center of the room and turned to look towards me. I don't know why, but my heart had sped up even more when we made eye contact. \"Oh-uh-good morning Captain.\" I stuttered out. Oh, how embarrassing. He gave me a small smile and stepped towards me. \"Good morning Mrs. Brisby. Did you sleep well?\" He asked me. I nodded my head and looked down at the ground suddenly feeling very insecure. \"Alright enough chit chat.\" Mr. Ages interrupted. \"Let's get straight to the point, Justin.\" I looked back in between the both of them not knowing what to do other than to be quiet. \"Very well. Mrs. Brisby, could you please show us all the stone?\" I nodded my head and fumbled with grabbing the stone and raising it into the air. Justin gestured to it and walked away from me. \"We have very little knowledge about the stone that Jonathan Brisby left behind. Not even Nicodemus fully understood it. But, from our knowledge, Mrs. Brisby is the only one able to wield it and somewhat understand it.\" He then looked back at and asked, \"Am I correct Mrs. Brisby?\" I nodded my head while saying, \"Yes, Captain.\" \"What exactly does she know that we don't?\" Someone asked from the court. Justin looked at me and nodded his head for me to answer. I lowered the stone down and gazed at it. \"It speaks to me.\" Whispering then began and I had to think fast in order to explain it better. \"When I was in need for my house to be lifted from the mud, it told me to grab it. When I did it burst into flames but gave me some sort of power.\" It shined brightly from the daylight entering the room. \"It was using the courage I was giving off from my heart to lift the house. I'm not sure how exactly, but it worked.\" Whispering still continued as someone else shouted, \"So it can lift things, that's it?\" Justin began to answer, \"Well so far yes but-It shows me visions!\" I interrupted quickly. I couldn't help it but I had to include it in. I still wasn't quite sure of what I saw but it has to be important in some way. I don't believe it would show me something for no reason behind it. The court then suddenly became silent and Justin looked at me with wide eyes. Oh, now you've done it, Lizzie. I took a deep breath and finished what I had to say. \"On our way back the stone had shown me something, I'm not sure what it is but it seemed like it was a vision. It happened so fast that I couldn't process everything but I do remember what I saw.\" Mr. Ages groaned a bit while shaking his head. \"You expect us to believe that the stone can predict the future?\" Someone questioned. \"Well, yes,\" I answered back. I found him and watched him chuckle while he rolled his eyes. \"Does that seem reasonable to you? Or did the stone tell you to say that?\" He asked me. There was a light wave of chuckles heard across the room. I could feel my face start to heat up as my hands started to lightly shake. \"I mean come on Justin! You brought her here because the stone has conversations with her?\" I couldn't help it but my blood was boiling and I wanted to get things straight. \"What makes this so hard to believe? This is coming from a rat that was injected with chemicals who suddenly became aware of everything and used to borrow electricity from a farmer who tore down your hideaway.\" I could feel the tension in the room along with the feeling of anxiety swell up in my belly. \"Honestly, what is so hard to believe? It raised my house from sinking into the mud and there are several witnesses who saw this.\" Mr. Ages groaned and rubbed his face while shaking his head. I think I was speaking out of term at this point. I should probably stop talking. \"She's right, all of you know she's right. Don't make it seem like this is coming from lies when you know that this is coming straight from the mouth of someone who spoke with the Great Owl.\" Justin had said defending me. I was completely in disbelief. I gawked at him as he stood in front of me and continued to defend me as the rats began to discuss. \"Order! Order!\" The judge at the end of the room yelled out as things became a little out of hand. I grabbed my face in shock as the yelling continued. This was because I lost my temper and couldn't hold my tongue. Oh, now you've really done it, Lizzie. -Later On- I paced as I waited outside the doors which were shut tightly because I was asked to leave for a little bit before the final answer. Mr. Ages watched me and shook his head in disapproval. \"Quite worrying child, Justin will make sure you're on this mission whether he has the approval or not.\" He told me. I nodded my head as I continued to pace. \"That's a bit risky, don't you think? Oh, what a mess I've made. I don't think Jonathan would have wanted this to happen.\" I admitted to him. \"What if I have just ruined everything? What if NIMH gets to us and it's because of me? Oh, my children will be in danger along with everyone else!\" I worried on. \"Goodness gracious madame!\" Mr. Ages yelled out snapping me back into reality. \"You're so worried about what might happen in the future when you should be focused on the present. Justin won't allow you to be sent home due to the paranoid minds of you or the council. Now, please do us all a favor and calm down.\" I sighed and nodded my head because I knew he was right. I had let myself get all worked up too fast. \"I'm sorry. I guess I've been thinking a bit too much.\" The doors opened up and I held my breath. Justin stepped out and motioned for us to come back in. I walked into the court with trouble since it was dead silent. I stood in the center of the room and watched as all faces stared at me. \"Mrs. Jonathan Brisby,\" The judge called out to me. \"The council has decided that you will assist for the upcoming mission.\" I sighed in relief and folded my shaking hands together. \"However,\" He continued on. \"For the next week, you will be working with Mr. Ages on figuring out how exactly to wield the stone. At the end of the week, the mission will be launched. So, during this week you will be working hard, if you fail to show any improvement then you will be escorted back home. Do I make myself clear?\" He asked me as his eyes pierced into me. \"Yes.\" I squeaked out. Everyone stood up and started to head out of the room. I brushed back my hair and sighed allowed. What exactly just happened? It became incredibly hot in the room and I wanted nothing more than to step outside for some fresh air. \"See now? Everything is going to be just fine.\" Justin said behind me. \"I wouldn't say we're out of the clear yet. We still have to work on channeling the stone.\" Mr. Ages replied back. I turned around and faced them. I had a million questions going through my mind, but I had to ask only one. \"When do I start?\" Mr. Ages grabbed the bridge of his nose and sighed. \"As soon as possible.\" I nodded my head. I had to get to work immediately. \"Mrs. Brisby, if you may please come with me,\" Justin asked me. \"Of course,\" I responded. I followed him outside and oh gosh the air felt so good. I exhaled as the sun hit my face and the breeze swept up behind me. \"I hope you don't mind. I wanted to give both you and Mr. Ages a bit of a break.\" I nodded my head and smiled. \"Thank you, I needed this,\" I admitted. I then felt a little guilty for what had happened in there. If I hadn't lost my temper there wouldn't have been such a commotion. \"Justin….I would like to apologize. I'm sorry for being short tempered in there. I'm not exactly sure what came over me, but whatever it was I'm sorry.\" I looked down at the ground and folded my hands together. Justin got in front of me and knelt down on one knee. He lifted my chin and grabbed both of my hands. \"You were not in the wrong Mrs. Brisby. Don't feel like you need to apologize because you were exactly right in there.\" His eyes looked into me and I became speechless. \"Us rats tend to forget what we were before NIMH and feel like we are somehow better than others. I also tend to do that as well. This was a good reminder to put us back in our place. Don't apologize for being right.\" He smiled at me and I could feel my face heat up and my heart pound. I smiled back at him and felt like a ton of weight was taken off my shoulders.[Chapter 8] Oh my goodness, I am so sorry for the long wait! I have been stuck on both of my stories and I didn't know what to do. I tried really hard to finish this chapter ASAP but I also wanted it to be good too. I hope you guys aren't too mad at me. Please expect the next chapter sometime this week or next week. Also, please know that I do not own any of Don Bluth's work! I only own my OC's. Please enjoy the story! Chapter Eight \"Pay attention closely. I need you to hand me the stone for a bit.\" Mr. Ages instructed me. After my little break with Justin, I had gone with Mr. Ages to start my \"training\" with the stone. I took off the necklace and handed it to him. He studied the stone with his hands. \"Now, it appears that this amulet is a ruby.\" I nodded my head in agreement. \"The word ruby comes from the Latin word Ruber, which basically means red. To many cultures around the world, rubies represented passion. Humans often wore rubies because they thought it would guarantee them wealth, wisdom, health, and ultimately love.\" I had forgotten how smart Mr. Ages was, I guess this was the result of him being gone from home for so long. \"Since this stone has a reputation of only working if the owner has courage, this makes me assume that this amulet works around the concept of emotion. From this, we need to work on your emotions.\" He then looked up at me. \"Right when your house began to sink into the mud, you became frightened. When the stone spoke to you, it told you to become brave?\" He asked me for reassurance. \"Yes,\" I answered. \"Once you did find courage then the amulet began to work its wonders. When we were back at the rose bush, before Dragon attacked us, what exactly were you feeling?\" I thought for a moment trying to go back and relive it again. \"I suppose I was feeling anxious,\" I admitted. \"Well let's say you were feeling nervous. Right before Justin handed you the stone, it sensed that you were before you even touched it.\" He then handed me back the stone. \"Now, I want to try something.\" I looked up and nodded my head. \"I want you to go back in your memories and try to find a moment in time where you felt courageous. Preferably another time before you first used the amulet.\" He told me. \"Alright.\" I thought for a moment. I had never really been brave before…..oh well except for a few times. Four times to be exact. But the first time stood out the most. \"Okay, I thought of something,\" I told him. \"Good, now tell me what it is.\" He instructed. \"It was Teresa's birth. My first and eldest child.\" I told him. \"What makes this event significant for you?\" He then asked me. \"Well, it was my first childbirth. I was more than excited for it all to happen, I just couldn't wait to meet her.\" Flashback Starts I was taking deep breaths as I was on my bed waiting for Jonathan to return back from Mr. Ages. I could feel the contractions just when I was about to make supper for us. I placed a hand over my stomach and smiled. \"I see you are ready to come out my dear,\" I spoke to my stomach. The pain came back and I breathed deeply again. \"Oh, I hope your father is on his way back.\" I sighed and tried to sit up a bit. A few seconds later I heard the front door open. \"Jonathan!\" I cried out as the pain worsened. He quickly came into our room with a surprised look on his face. \"Is it time?\" He asked. I nodded my head and continued to breathe. \"Should I go get Mrs. Shrew?\" He asked me as he ran up to me and help me get adjusted. \"No, no, we'll be fine without her, dear,\" I admitted to him. Suddenly a very strong contraction came along. I groaned in pain and grabbed his hand. \"Sweetie, I'll be right back. I'll bring back a warm wash cloth and two towels for you.\" He said as he ran into the other room. I could barely concentrate though due to the pain. I could feel it all in my back and it did not feel pleasant. Before I knew it Jonathan was back with a warm wash cloth and two towels. He placed a towel underneath me and placed the washcloth beside me with the other towel. After a few pushes later I had a beautiful baby girl wrapped in a towel in my arms. \"She's absolutely beautiful, Jonathan,\" I said to him in admiration as he sat beside me. \"Just like her mother.\" He whispered as he kissed my temple. \"Isn't that right Teresa?\" He asked our little bundle of joy. Flashback Ends When I came back to reality Mr. Ages was staring at me in disbelief. \"Is there something wrong?\" I asked suddenly concerned. \"What exactly were thinking just these past few minutes?\" He asked me. Few minutes? Oh goodness, I must have been out for a while. \"My first birth….why do you ask?\" I asked him still concerned and even confused. \"Because I just saw it, I saw it as you were remembering it.\" He said to me as he exhaled and took off his glasses for a moment. \"What?\" I was so confused. He saw my first child birth? But how? He didn't even meet Teresa until she was a year old. Not even Mrs. Shrew was there, so how on earth-oh wait a minute. I looked down at the stone. \"It broadcasted your memories as a projection. How did you not see it?\" He asked me. I shrugged because I really did not know why. \"Maybe while you were watching it I was reliving it in my mind,\" I told him. \"Incredible.\" He said aloud. As he put his glasses on he walked up to me. \"My dear, we still have more wonders to discover from this stone. I don't know how your husband had this in his possession, but it was wise of him to leave it with Nicodemus.\" He said to me. I nodded my head in agreement. \"So, what happens now?\" I asked him. \"We must continue my dear. With so much to learn, we, unfortunately, have so little time.\" I grabbed the stone. -Later on that Day- I was walking back to my room since my training was done for the day. I was a little tired but not exhausted. Today we had found out that I am able to present my memories with whoever is in the room with me. Also, whoever touches the stone when I am remembering my memories will relive them with me as well. Mr. Ages said that we have made good progress so far and that tomorrow we'll start to look into self-defense with Justin. I was at my door when I heard someone call me, \"Mrs. Brisby!\" It was Justin. I turned to look at him jogging towards me with a smile on his face. \"I'm sorry to bother you, but how is the training going?\" He asked me. I looked down at the stone and grabbed it. \"Oh, it's been going on well. Mr. Ages says that he's interested in what other abilities is hidden within it.\" I told him. He smiled at me and my little heart began to speed up. I then had this crazy thought in my head. \"Would you like for me to show you what we learned today?\" His eyes widened in surprise. \"Are you able to?\" He asked me. I nodded my head. \"In fact, Mr. Ages wants you to come in tomorrow to help with my training,\" I told him too excited. \"Fantastic! Yes, please show me.\" He said to me now excited as well. \"Okay, let's go outside. I think the stars are shining brightly now.\" I said to him as I started to walk outside. Once we were out a nice cool breeze swept by and of course the stars were shining brightly. \"You were right Mrs. Brisby, it sure is beautiful tonight.\" I nodded my head in agreement. \"Okay, so today we were going over emotions and how they can possibly control the stone.\" I then looked at him. \"Name an emotion,\" I told him. He thought for a moment and then looked back at me. \"Happiness.\" I nodded my head. \"Okay, you can either touch the stone or just wait right there.\" He looked at me a little confused. \"I suppose I'll touch the stone.\" I nodded my head once again. \"Okay, but you have to keep your hand on the stone through the whole session. Okay?\" He smirked at me still confused. \"Alright, I trust you, Madame.\" He then placed his hand on the stone. With my pulse in my hearing, I placed my hand over his and closed my eyes. Flashback Starts \"Mother, how much longer will it be?\" I asked beginning to feel tired in my feet. My mother chuckled, \"We're practically there, Lizzie.\" I gasped and let go of her hand and walked closer to the grass blades and pushed them aside. There was a small field with beautiful daisies scattered everywhere. I started to jump up and down in excitement. I could hear my mother laughing as she watched me from behind. \"Go on now! Go have fun!\" Without another moment of hesitation, I ran into the field and danced around. It felt so free to be out here, even though I was getting tired of moving so much and so fast I didn't care. I felt alive. I then ran up to my mother who was just watching me with a smile on her face. I hugged her so tight and buried my face in her stomach. \"Thank you so much, mother,\" I said as I looked up at her. She combed back my hair and kissed my forehead. Flashback Ends Once it was over Justin was speechless. I gently let go of his hand and watched him with a smile. When he finally got out of his disbelief, he looked down at me and asked, \"Lizzie?\" I grew red in the face and looked down. I had forgotten about that part. \"Yes, my mother always called me that. My name is actually Elizabeth.\" I had admitted to him. \"Well, that was incredible.\" He said as he started to laugh. \"I never knew this was possible.\" He said as he let go of the stone. He combed back his hair and started to pace around for a bit. \"This makes me wonder what else this stone is capable of.\" He said. He then stopped and looked at me. \"Well, I am excited for tomorrow!\" He walked up to me and grabbed both of my shoulders. \"That was absolutely amazing, thank you for showing me.\" I nodded my head and smiled at him. His eyes were looking deeply into mine and I could feel something. I could feel something inside of me feel warm. \"We should head back inside,\" Justin said as he stood back up. I nodded my head and followed him back. \"Thank you again, and goodnight Mrs. Brisby,\" Justin said as he lightly kissed my hand. \"Goodnight, Justin,\" I said. I watched him walk away and disappear down the hallway. I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. I turned around and opened my door and walked into my room.[Chapter 9] I apologize for the short chapter. The reason I made it so short was that of the point of view it's from. I wanted to make the majority of the story from the point of view of Mrs. Brisby, but this chapter is very important. Expect the next chapter to be longer and more exciting. Also, I do not own any of the Don Bluth's characters or the film. I only own my OC's. Please enjoy! Chapter Nine As I was walking down the hallway I saw good ol' Mr. Ages. I smiled at him and of course walked towards him. He seemed to be unhappy with me, as usual. He frowned at me and was tapping his foot while his arms were crossed. I stopped in front of him and placed my hands on my hips. \"Good evening Mr. Ages.\" I said to him. He shook his head and pointed at me while shaking his hand. \"Don't you 'good evening Mr. Ages me' young man.\" He said sternly. My smile quickly faded as I realized he was more angry with me than usual. \"What's wrong?\" I asked suddenly concerned. \"I saw what you two were doing out there.\" He replied back. I sighed in relief. \"Oh, she was showing me what she learned today. And I must say that I am amazed of what-that is not what I am talking about, Justin.\" He suddenly interrupted me. I looked at him confused. \"Whatever is the matter then?\" A couple of others walked by us, he sighed and grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into another hallway. He let go and looked at me sternly again. \"I saw what you two were doing, and I am telling you to stop it this once! I don't care if it hurts her feelings, it'll hurt her a lot more if you continue what you're doing to her.\" I didn't understand what he was saying. I was so confused and he was obviously angry with me. \"Slow down, Mr. Ages. What exactly are you talking about?\" He threw his arms in the air in frustration. \"My gosh! Quit leading her on, boy!\" He took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. \"Lead her on?\" I asked aloud. Was she...? \"Yes. I don't know how you don't see it, but she practically gawks at you when you enter the room.\" My heart began to pick up for some reason and I felt odd. \"She is obviously in a vulnerable state right now, she's away from her home, children, and she is terribly frightened. With her husband being gone, I'm sure she feels lonely. It's no surprise that she has attached herself to you. All I'm asking is for you not to recuperate any feelings of that nature towards her. It will jeopardize this entire mission and will very much put her in danger.\" I nodded my head even though I was still lost in thought. \"Right. I understand.\" He put his glasses on again and sighed. \"Good. Tomorrow you will be joining us for training purposes. We'll be going over self-defense and I feel it would be best if you assist Mrs. Brisby. Goodnight.\" He turned and was about to walk away but then stopped. \"You will not speak any of this to her.\" I nodded my head, \"You have my word.\" He then took his leave and I was left alone confused and oddly disappointed.[Chapter 10] Chapter Ten \"I'm really trying, Mr. Ages.\" He shook his head, \"Perhaps we should try a different approach.\" He paced around me while his hand was placed underneath his chin. The door behind us then opened up. I turned around to see Justin step inside. \"Ah yes, Justin. Your help is needed.\" Justin closed the door behind him and looked up at me. \"Good morning Mrs. Brisby.\" I smiled at him. \"Good morning Justin.\" Mr. Ages grabbed my wrist and pulled me back a little. \"Stand here, Justin, come here.\" Justin then stood in front of me. \"Draw your sword.\" We both looked at him a little unsure. \"You came in here for self-defense, what did you think was going to happen?\" Justin then pulled out his sword. \"Now just to fill you in, we've tried to make a scenario that would have her in danger, but nothing seems to wake up the stone.\" I nodded my head in agreement. \"I even tried to remember any memories of when I was in danger, but that didn't work either,\" I told him. \"So, maybe we should try to get….physical.\" Mr. Ages said. \"Pretend that you're about to attack her.\" My eyes widened and I looked in between them. \"Uh-Mr. Ages, I don't think this is going to work.\" I said to him hesitantly. \"You too? What did you think we were going to do? Have a tea party?\" I shook my head quickly. \"No sir, but I might add that when Jenner attacked me, the stone didn't awaken yet.\" I folded my hands together. \"You were terrified though, it was looking for your courage rather than your fear.\" Mr. Ages replied. \"This is only practice, I just want to see if this stone can be used as a defense weapon. You're not in any real danger, but I would like for you to pretend to be.\" I thought for a moment then nodded my head. \"Okay.\" \"Justin, advance towards her.\" Suddenly Justin was right in front of me and my heart was beating so loud that I thought he would be able to hear it. \"Aim and swing.\" He said. My eyes widened in panic and I clutched onto the stone. Swing? I need to block it, but I would need a sword-a bright red light interrupted my thoughts. Suddenly the weight of the stone was much heavier than before and a clashing noise was heard. I looked up in disbelief to see that the stone had transformed into a sword. Silence filled the room and I lowered the weapon. The stone itself sat in the center of where the blade and the handle met. \"It-it worked,\" I said finally. Justin had placed his sword back into its sheath and stood back. \"It appears you were right Mr. Ages.\" He said with a smile on his face. Mr. Ages cleared his throat and nodded his head. \"Of course I was!\" The sword was quite heavy that I needed both hands to hold it up. I lifted it in amazement, \"How did you do it?\" Mr. Ages asked me. \"Well, when you told him to swing at me, I thought about blocking it. Specifically with a sword, and then….this happened.\" He nodded his head in approval. \"Excellent. This probably means that it may be able to form into other weapons….but we need to think of more important things. Justin, for the rest of today's lesson you need to teach her how to wield it. There is no point of having a sword if you don't know how to use it.\" He did have a good point, I have never used a weapon before and it would be wise to learn. \"I'll leave you two to figure it out. Tomorrow we'll pick up where we left off.\" He then left us alone and I quickly looked at Justin. \"Well, um, I'm ready whenever you are,\" I said with a small smile on my face. He nodded his head and stepped towards me. \"Okay, well first we'll start with off with how to hold it.\" He offered his hand out to me, \"May I?\" I then gave him the sword. \"Okay, well this happens to be light-weight, so it won't be hard for you to get the hang of this.\" He bounced it up in down from his hand and walked behind me. \"I hope you don't mind but I will be getting very close to you.\" Oh dear. I could feel my face and ears heat up at the very thought. He placed the sword gently in my right hand and guided my left to hold it as well. \"You need to pretend that the sword is another part of your body.\" He pushed himself into me and touched my inner arm. \"Pretend that it's apart of you, I know that sounds silly but you'll understand what I mean.\" He placed his hands over mine and started to slowly swing the weapon around. \"You'll need to practice by swinging it. Once you get used to the weight then you'll be able to comfortably maneuver it around in defense.\" He let go and stepped back a little. \"Alright let's see you do so.\" He walked in front of me and watched as I began to slowly and swiftly glide my sword around. \"Good. Maybe breathe a little more and relax.\" I nodded my head and did as he advised. \"Good work Mrs. Brisby, you're practically a natural.\" I smiled and continued on. By the end of the lesson, I was able to parry and thrust my sword pretty well. I wiped my forehead and sighed in relief that I did so well and that I could stop now. \"Wonderful Mrs. Brisby, I'll proudly tell Mr. Ages how well you did today.\" I smiled as I could feel my cheeks blush again. The stone suddenly turned back into a stone again, as if it knew practice was over. I slipped it on and began to walk to the door with Justin. \"Thank you for today, I hope by the end of the week I'll be able to take care of myself. I said to him. \"Don't worry Mrs. Brisby, by then you'll be the one to protect me.\" I giggled at the very thought. Sorry it's been so long guys, but just as a heads up, next chapter they will be starting their mission! Until next time![Chapter 11] Apologies for lateness, I'm not going to lie though I have been struggling with motivation to write. But I intend to keep my promise. I know this is a short chapter, but it's a bit fluffy. Please enjoy! Chapter Eleven Before I even knew it the end of the week was here. I had learned and exercised as much as I could with the stone and there was no doubt about it, I was exhausted from it all. Not just physically but emotionally as well. I even broke down in tears during one of my sessions with Mr. Ages, thank goodness Justin wasn't around helping that day. The council had already reviewed everything I had accomplished this past week and gave us the approval of carrying out our mission. I was glad to hear that Mr. Ages was coming along with us, but also very concerned due to his age. It was odd though, when I asked him why exactly he was coming with us he told me that he wanted to make sure that 'Justin kept his promise'. I wasn't quite sure what that meant, but I guess it wasn't any of my business. There were going to be three different groups on this mission. Each group's objective is to locate any areas that have had been raided by NIMH. That was probably going to be the easy part, because the next step was being captured. Just the thought of it shook me to the core. We had to become captured that way we can lead to the core of NIMH and finally stop it once and for all. \"Mrs. Brisby?\" I looked up to see Justin. Everything came back to me, I was outside alone with Justin because he had some other things to discuss with me before we left, \"Yes? I'm so sorry..\" He looked around before walking up to me. \"No need to apologize. I just wanted to talk to you.\" He seemed…..different for some reason. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. \"I just wanted to thank you for everything that you're doing.\" He kept his arms by his sides and his eyes onto the ground, it was very unlike of him. \"I know it must have been hard for you to leave your children behind, but I can promise you that you will be returning to them when all of this is over. I promise.\" I sighed while smiling at him. Jonathan often told me stories of noble men who would protect people from monsters. They would give their word which was their bond. I believe they were called knights. Justin was the definition of one. He was so sweet and yet so fierce. He defended me and protected me when no one else seemed to. I think my feelings overcame me because before I even knew it, I grabbed both of his hands and brought them close together. \"Regardless of what happens, I just want you to know that I think you are an absolute good leader and friend. You have never once made me second guess your loyalty or your bravery. Nicodemus would be proud of the leader you have become.\" His eyes were wide and he was silent. It was sad to think, but I don't think anyone has ever told him that before. I then gave his hands a little squeeze before letting go. \"Mrs. Brisby….\" He reached up to my face and gently stroked my cheek. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach humming away. \"I….\" Our eyes locked and in that moment I figured out what was wrong with me this entire time. \"Justin!\" We both turned around to see if Mr. Ages was there. To our luck, he wasn't but he continued to call out for Justin. \"I better go see what good ol'Mr. Ages have to say.\" Justin said with a light chuckle. \"Yes, before he gets angry with you.\" I agreed with him. He then smirked at me, \"I think we can both agree that Mr. Ages is always angry with me.\" I giggled and covered my mouth trying to hide the giddiness. \"I'll see you in half an hour, Mrs. Brisby.\" He then took off. I shook my head while covering my face. \"Oh, goodness gracious.\" It was pushed back in my mind because I didn't want to admit it. I felt like I was somehow betraying Jonathan which is something I never wanted. I love Jonathan and always will, but it was no lie that I'm in love with Justin.[Chapter 12] Please, I know this isn't what any of you wanted to read whenever you got the notification that I updated. I do apologize, but this is way more important. Our fandoms are in danger and we need to stop this bullshit immediately. If we lose Net Neutrality, I won't be able to continue any of my stories on this website any more along with hundreds of others on this site. Please, don't just read this and do nothing, PLEASE DO SOMETHING. The Net Neutrality issue summarized You (or your parents) pay approx $40-$100 or higher for internet. So that you can all use youtube, google, Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, etc. etc. etc. This isn't limited to social media. Net neutrality says, \"Okay, since you already paid x amount of money for the month, you don't have to pay for each asset individually. Enjoy your internet.\" NO net neutrality means that your service provider (comcast, at&t;, verizon, whatever it may be) gets to say \"ACTUALLY, it lines our pockets so give us an extra $5.99 for Youtube, Facebook and Twitter. Oh, but that doesn't include Tumblr; that comes with our premium package. That'll be $5.99 on its own as well. Now about your Google docs and email… That's why it's important. That's why I'm spamming Net Neutrality crap. If you're using the internet, it's YOUR problem. -Email your congressman (text resist to 50409) It's easy, you don't have to talk to anyone. -Tweet the FCC. /FCC -Tweet THIS guy. /AjitPaiFCC -CALL. -Email your congressmen (that's what I'm doing) .gov/representatives/find-your-representative -Swim the #NetNeutrality tag on Twitter. Seriously, it's helpful. And lastly, GET THIS TRENDING . It's trending on Twitter but it needs to trend here too. This is everyone's issue.[Chapter 13] Chapter Twelve I began to shake as my vision clouded up. I looked around to see if anyone was near me and to my luck no one was. The tears then started to fall as I collapsed onto the floor. My chest started to hurt and I felt so confused. What was wrong with me? I wasn't supposed to be living out some girlish fantasy! I had a job to do and that should be it. My priority is finishing this and getting back to my children. They need me more than ever and yet here I am falling in love with a rat who was good friends with my dead husband! I looked up at the sky and watched as the clouds moved. I knew he was somewhere up there, he was probably watching me now with a heavy heart. \"I'm so sorry….I love you so much….\" I whispered softly. I quickly wiped my eyes while shaking my head. I won't allow it. I will ignore any more feelings of desire for Justin, all of this is just foolishness. All of this giddiness and infatuation would be repressed for the rest of the mission and when I returned home. I stood up and clenched my fists. I love Jonathan and I love my children and I will not fail either of them. -Meanwhile back at home- I watched at Cynthia and Timmy played together on the floor of our small house. Camilla was currently preparing our dinner and Martin was reading in his room. \"Timmy, do you think that Justin likes Mommy?\" He scrunched his nose while asking \"As in 'like-like'?\" She nodded her head in excitement. \"Yeah!\" He unscrunched his nose and looked at the ground. \"I don't know, maybe. She always acts weird when he's around though, so maybe Mother likes him too. What do you think, Teresa?\" I already knew that Mother liked Justin, you can tell by just the way she looks at him. As for him, I wasn't quite sure, he acted normal which was basically a gentleman, something any girl would be a sucker for. But the idea of Justin and my mother together didn't sit well with me. \"I'm not sure,\" I answered. \"Well I think he does, and I think Mommy likes him too. Maybe when Mommy comes back they'll get married and Justin can be our new Daddy.\" I didn't like the sound of that. \"Cynthia, we already have a Father.\" She nodded her head, \"Yeah but he's not coming back.\" It stung when she said that. Neither Timmy or Cynthia fully understood the depth of our father's death. Only Martin and I knew what Mother was going through. To them, it just meant that Father wasn't here anymore, for us it meant we lost him. \"Mommy's sad. Even though Timmy's all better, Mommy is still sad and lonely.\" I shook my head, \"Cynthia, how can Mother be lonely when we're with her all of the time.\" I could feel myself become a little frustrated with all of this talk of Mother and Justin. \"Just because your family is around you doesn't mean you can't get lonely.\" Camilla then walked toward us and clapped her hands together. \"Alright everyone, dinner is ready. Let's go eat.\" Both Cynthia and Timmy stood up and quickly rushed to go wash their hands. I sat there dumbfounded. Would it be so wrong for Mother and Justin to be together?[Chapter 14] Wow, I can't believe it has been a full on year since I started this fanfic. I want to thank everyone who has stuck around. I am proud that this is my first fanfic because it gave me the courage to continue to write for other fandoms. This is the halfway mark, so that means I have another 12 to 13 chapters left for this story. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter! Also, remember that I don't own The Secret of NIMH or any of the characters. I only own my OC'S. Chapter Thirteen As we began on with the mission, I made sure I kept my distance from Justin. I would glance at him every once in awhile, but other than that I stayed close to Mr. Ages. We had discussed the plan before we had left. Right now we were all together but the moment we made it to the edge of the city, we would split up into three groups. The first group would go into NIMH itself and hide within the walls, ceilings, and vents and would watch during the entire mission. Mr. Ages would be leading that group. The second group would be the ones to be captured, I was placed in this group along with Justin. The last group would be heading to the sewers of the city to try to get help. There were millions of rats underneath the city, this would be quite beneficial for us since we needed all of the help we could get. We all were heading towards the city, a place I had only heard about but never had actually seen. According to Mr. Ages, we were all an hour away from it and needed to stop to conserve our energy for now. We had managed to hitch a ride on the back of a truck who was heading in the same direction but not to the city, unfortunately. I sat down on the ground and watched as some of the rats gathered twigs and grass and started a small fire. It had been a long day of walking, climbing, riding, and worrying, and I was already tired. I pulled my red cape around me and grabbed onto the stone. The light of the fire was being reflected and it shined such a beautiful shade of red. \"How are you feeling Mrs. Brisby?\" Mr. Ages asked me as he sat down next to me. \"A bit nervous, but ready to continue. How about you?\" He sighed while pulling off his glasses. \"I'll admit, I never wanted to go back. I've had enough memories of horror to last me a lifetime. But….I knew eventually I would have to return. This issue wasn't going to solve itself.\" I never really pondered how he would feel about returning. But judging by the expression on his face and what he just told me, I knew he wasn't thrilled about any of this. \"You've done enough, Mr. Ages. No one would be angry if you had decided not to come.\" I said to him softly while placing a hand on his shoulder. He put his glasses back on and placed his hand on mine. \"I won't stop until it's gone. I have lost so many battles against NIMH and have seen too many souls perish because of it. I am ready to finally win the war.\" We both became silent and watched the fire glow as the sky had turned black. I couldn't help but ask him something that had haunted my thoughts ever since I reunited with the rats. \"Mr. Ages, what happens if this mission fails? What if I die? Who will take care of my children?\" He didn't take his eyes off the fire, \"Camilla has been given specific instructions if our mission is not a success. You will return to your children, Mrs. Brisby. Neither of us will allow you to die.\" I guess they really did think things through when they came to me for help. What did he mean when he said 'neither'? \"Um, 'neither' of you?\" I asked. \"Neither Justin or I will allow you to die. We have a backup plan just in case things go south during this mission. I sincerely hope that everything will go according to plan.\" They both had a plan for me? I couldn't help but feel touched. That's when Justin walked up to us, \"We'll be continuing on at dawn.\" He said while looking over at Mr. Ages. \"Very well.\" The older mouse replied. \"I suggest you get some sleep, Mrs. Brisby. We have a long day ahead of us.\" I nodded my head in agreement because I knew fully well that by this time tomorrow I would be exhausted with worry. -The Next Day- My heart began to race as we were all instructed to stop. We had been traveling for what seemed like hours and the bottom of my stomach began to bubble up in anxiety. I could hear the cars honking and speeding away, along with all of the people talking to each other and every single footstep made. \"We all must take off our clothes, we need to blend in and make sure no one catches us,\" Justin instructed. I hesitantly took off my red cape and placed it on a nearby tree where everyone else was putting their clothes. \"This is where we part ways. Good luck to everybody and I hope I will see each and every one of you when this mission is over.\" One group immediately hightailed it into the city without another word. The other slowly made their way too and that's when I wished Mr. Ages good luck. Even though I knew he would be watching over me, I still feared for the worst. The last of us waited for Justin. \"Alright, we need to let them get in before we do, that way we are guaranteed entry. So, this is how we get in. We're going to sneak into the building and go through the passages that we know are safe, that will be the first group's job. Once inside that's when we will go in an open area and 'be caught' When night comes that's when we'll be left alone and we'll continue on with the plan from there. Any questions?\" I then raised my hand and Justin looked over at me. \"Yes, Mrs. Brisby?\" He asked. \"What about the stone? I can't hide this from the humans.\" He nodded his head in understanding. \"That is true when we do arrive you will have to hand it over to Mr. Ages. He'll hold it until night comes.\" Well, that seemed reasonable. \"Are there any more questions?\" No one said anything and he clapped his hands together. \"Excellent. Remember, everyone needs to stick together. I don't want anyone to end up isolated. If someone gets left behind, somebody needs to stay with them and stick to the plan. Alright, let's head out!\" We all ran and headed towards the very busy city. We stopped and hid behind a nearby tree that was close to a road. We waited until there were no cars. Justin then stood next to me. \"Stay close to me Mrs. Brisby.\" Oh goodness, I had been trying the complete opposite this entire time. Once there were no oncoming cars we all ran across the street. We all huddled to a nearby shrub to catch our breaths. \"Good, let's keep going but remember to not be seen,\" Justin said as we looked around. We happened to be located next to a playground. This was good because the children were occupied with playing, this was also bad because children happen to be very curious creatures. Suddenly, a red ball came flying towards us. \"Move! Move! Move!\" Justin shouted as we all scurried away. Luckily we all hid in another bush and watched a child run up to the ball and kick it in the opposite direction. I sighed while looking around. This was not going to be easy. ","Summary":" Hello friends! I would like to say that this is my very first fanfiction! Please be kind if you can"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Blending","Author":"Kathryn Claire O'Connor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9906570","Passage":"[Chapter 1] William Beardsley wasn't sure that he had ever been this exhausted in his life. But then, he had never captained his father's boat in the name of saving his father and step-mother's marriage, either. He stretched back across his bed, staring at the opposite wall, or, more specifically, at the red eyes that Dylan had spray-painted onto the wall on his side of the room. William sighed, rolling his eyes back to look at the walls that he could claim as his own. Save for a shelf of books above his desk, they were just a blank, white space. After spending so much time around the vibrant Norths – and their decorating preferences – his own space looked drab in comparison. He stared at the blank wall for a second, thinking that since he now knew that they would be staying in the lighthouse for quite some time to come maybe he ought to spruce it up somehow. But how? His eyes flickered to Dylan's space and back again before his eyes landed once more on the painted glare, and an idea began to form in his head. He mulled it over for a second before deciding that it might be worth a try. He sprung up from his bed and out of the bedroom, going in search of Dylan. William finally located his brother behind the house, taking a can of spray paint to a canvas. \"Hey, Dylan?\" he called out, stopping far enough away that the paint fumes didn't reach him. \"Yeah?\" Dylan asked, turning away from his latest masterpiece. \"You know that huge roll of paper you've got?\" Dylan eyed him curiously, saying, \"The one that I cut pieces off of to tack up on my easel and paint? The one that I'm using as we speak?\" William barely refrained from stammering as he said, \"Yeah, that's the one.\" \"Well… what about it?\" \"Do you mind if I use a piece or two of it?\" The artist nearly snorted, asking, \"For what?\" You'll see later,\" William smirked adding, \"But only if you let me use it.\" \"Alright,\" Dylan gestured at the paper. \"Take however much you want.\" \"Thanks.\" \"No problem, bro.\" Three days later, Helen North-Beardsley came into Dylan and William's room carrying a basket of their laundry, and instantly yelped in surprise when she saw what had been done to William's wall. While the subject wasn't one characteristic of Dylan the action was, so she screamed for her son, ready to give him the ninth degree over what she assumed he had done to William's space. \"What's up?\" Dylan asked, jogging into the doorway of the room. \" That is what is up,\" she replied, pointing sharply to the wall. Dylan's eyes widened as he looked at it. \"Whoa!\" \"So you're going to tell me that you don't know anything about this?\" Helen asked. \"I don- Hold on.\" With his eyebrows drawn together into a frown, he angled past her and went over to William's side of the room, picking up one of his paintings from off of the floor. No, wait, that wasn't a painting. \"Mom, this is a stencil,\" he held the evidence up for her to see clearly. \"I don't use stencils, you know that. I didn't paint that.\" \"I did.\" William spoke up proudly, coming to stand behind Helen as he looked between her and Dylan, then at the navy blue rendition of the eagle from the United States Navy emblem that was on his wall. \"This is the paper you got from me, right?\" Dylan asked. \"You used it to make a stencil of the Navy emblem's eagle?\" William nodded, asking, \"What do you think?\" \"Not bad for an amateur,\" Dylan said with a teasing smirk and eyes that held an almost proud gaze, looking first at the wall and then at William. \"What about you, Helen?\" William asked her. \"I think it looks great, William,\" Helen said with a smile that was probably a little wider than the boys would warrant as necessary. But the truth was, as she looked between the eyes on Dylan's wall and the emblem on William's she saw more than just paintings. She saw that, while all of the people in this family were retaining their individuality, they were becoming one family at the same time. She saw a sign that they were finally blending. The first in a series of drabbles/one-shots centered about some of the small signs that the Beardsleys and Norths are blending into one big family post-movie. I'm going to try and include each of the children in at least one chapter. This is my first stab at this category, so I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 2] \"Are you about done with that computer?\" Phoebe asked Christina the next day, coming up behind her in the dining room. \"Every computer in this house is being used and I need to type up a report for school.\" \"Um… yeah, sure; just let me finish putting my order in, okay?\" Christina replied casually. \"That's fine,\" Phoebe said, looking over her step-sister's shoulder and asking. \"Shopping for more clothes?\" \"Yeah. There's a sale going on; don't judge me.\" \"I'm not,\" Phoebe assured. She squinted at the screen adding as she pointed to a shirt, \"As a matter of fact, that's really cute. Could you order me one?\" Surprised, Christina twisted around to look Phoebe in the eye, asking, \"Really?\" \"Yeah; why not? It's not expensive, and I'll be sure to pay you back.\" Christina turned back around to look at the computer and realized that since she had scrolled down the screen, Phoebe couldn't see the brand name's banner across the top of the page. The blonde smiled, almost to herself, turning back to the computer and adding the top to her order. \"Okay. Whatever you want, sis.\" Phoebe playfully elbowed her shoulder, teasing, \"You should remember that line.\" \"You just remember that you wanted this thing, okay?\" Christina said cryptically. Phoebe looked at her curiously before saying, \"Sure. Did you really order so much stuff that you won't be able to remember what one thing is mine?\" \"No, that's not what I meant.\" \"Well, what did you mean, then?\" \"You'll have to wait and see,\" Christina said, exiting the internet and leaving her seat with a falsely haughty flourish. \"It's all yours.\" Phoebe slid into the chair that her step-sister had just vacated and looked over her shoulder, watching Christina leave the room. For some reason, the cheerleader was hiding something about that clothing order, and they both knew it. Turning back to the computer, Phoebe decided that her report could wait a few more minutes, and looked up the last website visited on the computer's history. When she saw the site's name, her eyes widened and she clicked on the link, just to be sure that it was the same website that Christina had just ordered off of. It was. Phoebe closed her eyes, threw her head back, and groaned loudly. No possible way had she just asked Christina to order her something from this website. She jumped, feeling someone place their hands on her shoulders. Her mom. \"What's wrong, honey?\" Helen asked. \"Is your report not working out?\" Phoebe cracked open an eye, saying, \"No, it's nothing with my report, that's fine.\" She pointed at the offensive website that she had just pulled up. \"It's this.\" Helen raised an eyebrow. \"The J. Crew website?\" Phoebe sat up straight and looked at her mother in surprise, saying, \"You knew what website this was, and you let me order something off of it?!\" Helen raised both eyebrows now. \"You ordered something from J. Crew?\" Phoebe was practically whining as she said, \"I saw Christina was doing some online shopping, I saw a cute top and I asked her to order it for me. I didn't know it was J. Crew!\" \"But you do like the shirt?\" Helen confirmed. \"Yeah…\" Phoebe admitted. \"Then I don't see the problem, Phoebe. So what if Christina's rubbing off on you? That's what sisters are supposed to do.\" Phoebe turned back around to face the laptop and sighed. \"Yeah, that is what sisters are for, huh?\" \"Yeah,\" Helen agreed, kissing Phoebe's hair before turning to go about her business. \"Between Christina and that shirt, I think I may be turning into a Beardsley, Mom.\" Helen turned back to her daughter and laughed. \"You're becoming a great mix of both, honey. I'd wear it with pride if I were you.\" \"Which?\" Phoebe asked. \"The shirt or the Beardsley-ness?\" \"Both,\" Helen declared with a loving smile. Phoebe nodded, laughing to herself as she began to type up her report, repeating, \"Both.\" This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 3] \"Are you working on your homework?\" Harry asked, sitting down beside Naoko on the couch as he eyed the notebook in her lap. Naoko glanced at Harry before turning her eyes back to her notebook and saying, \"No, it's Friday night; I can do my homework tomorrow.\" \"Oh. Well, could I see your notes then, for our class' science test when you're done with them?\" \"You didn't take any of your own?\" Naoko asked, glancing at him again. \"I did, but they don't make any sense. You've figured out by now that science is Greek to me.\" \"What about Jimi's notes?\" Naoko asked, chewing absently on her pen as she kept her gaze fixated on her notebook. \"Believe it or not, he's really awesome at science.\" \"I know,\" Harry sighed, rolling his eyes. \"But then he does his science homework on the bus home and destroys his notes so that no one can know how good he is at it. Embarrassed over being smart; what a horrible problem he has. \" Naoko snorted, her eyes still glued to her paper. \"I know, right?\" \"Yeah, really.\" \"You can use my notes, if you want to,\" Naoko said. \"Do you want me to go get them for you now?\" \"Nah, I think you're right. I'll worry about that tomorrow.\" Harry settled back on the couch, asking, \"So, what are you doing?\" \"Trying to pick out an idea for my next video.\" \"Cool. Do you want some help?\" Naoko finally looked up from her paper, watching him carefully during a second of silence during which Harry barely resisted the urge to squirm. Was it that rare for him to offer in a civil tone to do something nice? \"Are you sure you want to?\" Naoko asked. \"Yeah?\" Harry shrugged. \"Why not? I think the whole video-making thing that you do is cool.\" Naoko raised an eyebrow, asking, \"Really?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" \"Okay,\" Naoko said slowly, She shifted so that he could come closer and read over her list of ideas, which he did. Scanning quickly over the list, he squinted, saying, \"A lot of these ideas sound a lot like my family – the Beardsleys, I mean.\" \"Half of them are from the North part,\" Naoko pointed out. \"Why not mix an idea from each family and make it into one video? I mean, we know from personal experience that can be pretty entertaining.\" Naoko looked at him out of the corner of her eye, a smile slowly growing across her face. \"I like it.\" She teased, elbowing him, \"You can be pretty useful when you want to be, Beardsley.\" Harry knocked his shoulder against hers in response as he smiled, saying, \"You're not always too bad yourself, North.\" Naoko shrugged, saying airily, \"I know.\" Not sure how this became pairing-ish - or if maybe I'm even the only one seeing it that way - but, oh well, I'm okay with it either way. This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 4] Helen screwed her eyes shut, covering her ears to muffle the screeching sounds coming from Naoko, Joni, and Kelly's room. Whatever it was, it wasn't a kid, or even a combination of kids. Another blast wafted out from behind the closed door, and only then was she able to identify the noise. It sounded like something was wrong with Joni's saxophone again. Helen cracked open the bedroom door and opened her mouth, prepared to ask her daughter if there was anything that could be done to help the sax. Seeing what the scene before her was, though, Helen clamped her mouth shut and just watched for a second. Joni and Kelly were both sitting cross-legged in the middle of the room, and it was Kelly who held the sax rather than Joni. The North of the two girls appeared to be trying to teach her new step-sister how to play the instrument. Regardless of the fact that the efforts that both were putting forth appeared to be failing, they both appeared to be enjoying themselves. Helen hated to put a stop to it, but thankfully Kelly did that on her own after only another couple seconds. The soccer player set the saxophone aside turned to the musician, asking, \"Are you ready to try my part of the deal?\" Kelly smiled, acknowledging her own inaptitude at the instrument as she added, \"Maybe you'll have better luck with it then I am with this.\" \"Aw, don't give up on yourself already!\" Joni implored. \"The sax can be fun; it just takes time and practice to get used to… and to get good at.\" \"Kind of like soccer,\" Kelly said, jumping off of the floor and grabbing her ball. As Helen hurried away down the hall before she was noticed by the girls, she heard Kelly add, \"Come on; let's go grab a couple more people to play with us.\" Twenty minutes later, Helen was standing in the kitchen washing some dishes in the sink with Frank at her side drying them when they heard the giddy laughter coming through the open window from the yard. \"What is that?\" Frank asked with a small smile. \"Come look,\" Helen encouraged, gesturing for him to join her at the window. \"It's some of the kids.\" Stepping up beside her to look out the window, Frank did a quick headcount of the kids that he saw as he wrapped an arm around his wife's waist. \"Jimi, Kelly, Joni, Lau, Ely, Otter, Bina, Marisa. Hm,\" his smile widened as he said, \"I think that's neat.\" The older four of the group were kicking a soccer ball around the yard while the younger four stood around the designated circle in which they were playing, each shouting encouragements to one of their siblings. Upon seeing that Marisa was rooting for Kelly, Frank murmured, \"That's a very smart six year old. She knows where the gold is at.\" \"Hey, my kids aren't doing very badly at all!\" \"They're our kids,\" Frank reminded pulling her close. \"And you're right; they're doing very well.\" Bina had started up a chant for Jimi, Ely was cheering for Joni, and Otter seemed to be feeding encouragement to Lau. \"Wait a second,\" Frank paused. \" Lau is playing sports.\" \"He likes sports, Frank,\" Helen informed her husband. \"He just knows that the others are better at them and that he's better than them at helping me with my designs, so that's what he does more often.\" \"Ah, I see,\" Frank nodded, still transfixed on watching their kids in the yard. \"It's really nice to see them getting along so well, you know it?\" Helen agreed, \"It is. And you know what? I think that we're going to be seeing a lot more of it in the future.\" This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 5] \"Ow! Ow!\" Drawn by the exclamations that seemed to be coming from the tree at the park, Michael wandered away from watching the older kids play basketball and peered up into the branches, shading his eyes from the sun. \"Mick,\" he asked, spotting his step-brother among the foliage. \"What are you doing?\" \"There's a kitten up there,\" Mick explained. \"A few branches away. He starts hissing at me whenever I come any closer than this, but he's too young to know how to get back down once he got up here. If somebody doesn't help him by getting him down, he's just going to end up falling.\" \"He's a cat, Mick, he'll land on his feet,\" Michael sighed. \"But still…\" Mick practically whined. Michael sighed and began to haul himself up the tree. \"Alright, let me see if I can come help.\" Eventually he reached a satisfactory limb on which to sit – on the opposite side of the cat as his brother but just a little closer to the animal. \"Hey, kitty…\" Michael murmured, hoping he didn't sound as awkward as he felt. The kitten noticed him then, looking rapidly back and forth between him and Mick as he viciously trembled and hissed at them. \"See, look how scared he is,\" Mick said pityingly. Michael scowled. Yeah, he saw that Mick was right; the cat was scared, but he also looked ready to try and scratch the eyes out of either one or both of them. Mick leaned forward, reaching for the cat once again, saying soothingly, \"Hey, there, little guy. You just wanna get back on the ground, don't you?\" The orange ball of fluff whipped away from Mick's outstretched hand, slipping as he lost his footing on his perch. Michael lashed out, grabbing onto the kitten just before the animal pitched towards the ground. Instead of cutting his hand to ribbons like Michael had expected the tabby to, he just stayed still in Michael's hand, trembling harder than ever. Across the tree, Mick regained a firmer seat in the tree, catching his breath. Michael did the same, pulling the kitten to his body and running his free hand over the long orange fur in an effort to stop the poor thing's trembling. Now that the little guy had stopped resisting his and Mick's efforts to help him out, Michael could see what Mick already had. The kitten was really kind of cute. Once he was sure that his new friend wasn't going to try and jump out of his arms as he made his way down the tree, Michael climbed back down until his feet hit solid ground. Seeing what he held in his arms, a lot of the other kids surrounded him, exclaiming over the kitten as Mick swung feet-first onto the ground beside him. \"What did you boys find there?\" Helen asked, looking between him and Mick. \"A kitten,\" Mick answered, explaining, \"He was stuck in the tree and Michael helped me get him down.\" Helen turned to him, raising her eyebrows as she asked, \"You did?\" Michael nodded, feeling a little proud of himself as he got closer to her so that she could see the kitten. \"I see,\" Helen said with a smile. \"Hey, Helen?\" Michael asked, shifting nervously on his feet as he looked up at her. Mick was a pro at doing this, but he had never tried it before and he didn't know what to do or expect. \"Yeah?\" \"Do you think…? Could I keep him? I promise he won't be any trouble and I'll take very good care of him.\" Helen smiled, ruffling his hair. \"I think that would be just fine, Michael.\" Michael grinned, impulsively hugging her. \"Thanks, Mom.\" Helen blinked – he had surprised her again – and said, \"You're welcome, son.\" This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 6] \"A cat?\" Kelly asked in surprise, slapping the towel that she was using down onto the stove as she looked away from the grilled cheese that she was making and turned to Jimi with widening eyes. \"Our brother Michael – the one who loves the animal hunting aspects of Boy Scouts – asked Helen if he could keep a rescued cat?\" Jimi nodded, calling Mick over when he saw the younger boy enter the kitchen. \"Michael asked to keep that cat y'all found, right?\" \"Yeah,\" Mick said, looking between Jimi and Kelly, saying, \"And Mom let him. I was rather proud of him for asking to begin with. The two of them seem to have taken to one another very well.\" \"Huh,\" Kelly laughed breathily before frowning and taking a whiff of the air. She screamed as all three of them noticed at the same time. The flame underneath the sandwich pan had caught the towel on fire! \"Back up!\" Jimi ordered the younger two, grabbing a non-burning corner of the towel and throwing it down onto the tile floor. He stamped heavily down upon it with his work-boot-covered foot until the fire was extinguished. That task accomplished, Jimi turned back to his siblings and asked, \"Are you okay, Kelly?\" She nodded and when Jimi turned his gaze to Mick, the other boy nodded as well, catching his breath. For the rest of the day, that event stuck with Mick, and that night after he had done some of his homework, he found himself starting in on a different project. By working on it off and on, he had it done to his satisfaction by the end of the week, and then he showed it to his roommates –Jimi, Harry, Michael, and Lau. \"I'll admit it,\" Harry said, looking over Mick's shoulder at the piece of paper that he held. \"I am impressed.\" \"Really?\" Mick stammered. \"Thanks, Harry.\" \"What are you impressed by?\" William asked, poking his head into the room. Harry turned towards their oldest brother, answering, \"Mick's fire escape chart.\" \"Fire escape chart?\" William repeated in surprise, making his way over so that he could see the chart as well. \"You know,\" he muttered to himself under his breath. \"In a house this big…\" His eyes lost their glazed, concentrating look and he turned to Mick and asked, \"Do you mind if I borrow this chart for a little bit?\" Mick shrugged, feeling flustered at how big a deal was being made out of the piece of paper. \"Sure.\" \"Thanks,\" William smiled, took the paper, and loped out of the room. \"Mick made this?\" Frank said, looking up from the piece of paper that William had put in his hands. William nodded, a glimmer of respect for the kid shining in his eyes. \"I'm impressed,\" Frank said, raising his eyebrows. William smiled, telling him, \"That's what Harry said too.\" Frank stared at the chart for another minute before asking, \"Do you know where Mick is?\" \"In his room, last I saw him,\" William answered. \"Thanks,\" Frank said, suddenly all business as he headed in that direction. \"Hey, Mick?\" Frank knocked on the doorjamb of the boys' bedroom door as he came in. Mick looked up from where he was reading a comic book on his bed, asking, \"Yeah?\" Frank held up the piece of paper, coming to sit beside Mick on the bed. \"Oh,\" Mick said softly, looking back down at his comic book. \"Did William show you that?\" \"Yeah, and I'm glad that he did. This is a very good chart, Mick; a good plan. You know that right?\" Mick shrugged. \"It wasn't hard to come up with.\" \"Well, still, with all of the people in this house, I have a feeling that things would get crazy here if there ever was a large house-fire. We need a chart like this hanging around the house in a few places just so that people can remember what to do if something does go wrong. Do you mind if I make a few copies of your chart here and make sure that each bedroom has one?\" Mick shrugged, feeling extremely pleased that the admiral liked his work that much. \"Sure you can. If you think it's that good.\" \"I do,\" Frank assured him. \"If I didn't know better, I would've thought that a Beardsley came up with this.\" Mick smiled at him, saying with a smile, \"Well, maybe I'm starting to consider myself a Beardsley.\" Frank smiled, saying, \"I'd be proud if you did.\" This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 7] \"Hey, look at this!\" Helen said cheerfully, rounding a corner of the house to see four of her youngest children kneeling and hard at work in Bina and Marisa's garden. Bina, Marisa, Otter, and Ely all lifted equally dirty and smiling faces up to her. \"I thought that you boys didn't like your sisters' garden,\" Helen stated, crouching down beside them to view their surprisingly fruitful efforts. \"We used to didn't like to…\" Otter started. Ely finished, \"But then we saw that the flowers made people happy…\" \"So now we like it!\" the boys chorused. Helen smiled dotingly, saying, \"Good; I'm glad to hear it. So who's doing what?\" \"I always take care of the roses,\" Bina said with a sweet smile. Marisa added, \"I do the tulips.\" \"I grow the poppies,\" Ely said cheerfully. \"And I take care of the sunflowers, since they're the biggest!\" Otter declared proudly. \"That's great, you guys,\" Helen said happily. She pushed herself back onto her feet, glad to see her children working together. \"Then I'll leave you to it.\" She turned to go, thereby missing the looks that flashed between the quartet of twins. A minute later, the four ran up to her, each holding a flower. \"Here,\" Otter said, blushing a little as he handed her one of his sunflowers. \"Why, thank you, Otter!\" Helen said, happily surprised. Ely just smiled as he handed her a poppy, and then Bina and Marisa added a rose and a tulip to her small bouquet. \"Thank you so much!\" Helen said cheerfully. \"What is all of this for?\" \"It made you happy to see our garden…\" Marisa started. Bina finished, \"So we thought that you should get to take some of that happiness inside with you.\" \"After all,\" Ely added. \"You deserve to be the happiest…\" Otter explained, \"Because you're the hardest-working mom anywhere.\" \"How do you know that?\" Helen asked with raised eyebrows. \"You've got eighteen kids!\" Otter reminded her as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"Yeah,\" Helen said, her eyes misting as she looked down at the four of them. \"Yeah, I do have eighteen very awesome kids.\" She knelt down and pulled them all in to one big bear hug, then watched as they all ran back to their garden, laughing and playing. The first actual drabble of them all. This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 8] Ethan noticed Bina and Marisa doing it first. Then Mick started doing it too. Not long after that, his older Beardsley siblings seemed to come to an unspoken agreement, and they started doing it all the time, not just part of the time like they used to before the admiral had married the Beardsley kids' new mom. Before long, Aldo took the habit up as well, and that's when Ethan really started taking notice. Joni was next, and then Lau. It took a little longer, but eventually Naoko, Jimi, and Phoebe started doing it too. It was only when Dylan, of all people, finally started making a habit of doing it as well that Ethan noticed that he was now the only one of his seventeen siblings that didn't do it all of the time. But he had never been sure of whether or not he should, so he had erred on the side of caution and tried to avoid doing it, just in case. Even so, he caught himself letting the word slip out more and more. It wasn't like it was a bad word – he knew full well that it wasn't – but he had practically never used it, so it had always felt weird on his tongue. Hearing it so much though had made it seem less weird, and the more he said it, the less funny and more normal it seemed. So, finally, Ethan started doing it all the time, just like his seventeen older siblings. And the funny thing was that as much as his dad had liked being called \"Admiral\" before the Norths had come along, it sure seemed that he liked it best when Ethan called him \"Dad\" now. The second actual drabble of them all. This is my first stab at this category, so as always I would really appreciate some feedback on how you think I'm doing. Thanks!:)[Chapter 9] Getting eighteen kids onto the bus on time five days a week was no small task, as the Beardsley-Norths had found out soon after Frank and Helen had married. Still, in some ways, the habits that had been established in their separate homes were carried over into their collective one. Christina and Kelly had always fixed breakfast for the Beardsley's, and they both still assisted Helen in the kitchen during school mornings. They had even roped Phoebe and Joni helping as well. William had always done fifteen pushups before he left his bedroom in the morning, and no matter how much Dylan rolled his eyes over it, that hadn't changed. The artist had even done some of his own on a couple of occasions. Those were a couple of the habits that while maybe they hadn't technically stayed the same, they had shifted a little. Helen's favorite \"shifted habit\" of each school morning, though, was the one that she knew took place every morning in Phoebe and Christina's bedroom. Just like they had every morning when they was just the North household, after Bina and Marisa had finished getting dressed in the tiny room that only the two six year olds shared they tumbled down the stairs searching for their oldest sister so that she could fix their hair. Used to, Phoebe had done it right there in the kitchen while they ate, but that was no longer doable since they always tried to have a sit-down breakfast nowadays. Said sit-down breakfast had also cut into the amount of time that the kids actually had to get ready for school, so – she would find out later that it was due to these two aforementioned factors – Helen had started to realize that she was losing her two oldest kitchen assistants once Bina and Marisa would come down the stairs. Once, she had purposely paid attention to when Phoebe and Christina had left and – a couple of minutes later, when she could get away for long enough without burning the bacon – went upstairs to find out what was going on. Finally, she had tracked the four girls into Phoebe and Christina's bedroom, where – angling herself so that her daughter's couldn't see her – she had found Phoebe and Bina sitting cross-legged on the redhead's bed and Christina and Marisa doing likewise on Christina's bed. The four girls had been chattering away to one another, getting in some good sisterly bonding time while the older two braided the hair of the younger two. Over the next week, Helen had checked every school day, realizing that the girls had somehow adapted this North family habit without her noticing it. She had smiled softly upon seeing the scene, realizing that it was just one more – and one extremely cute – way that her children and step-children were blending into the one unusually big, happy family that she and Frank had originally envisioned upon their marriage. This is the last chapter of this story! Thanks for reading!:) ","Summary":" William Beardsley wasn't sure that he had ever been this exhausted in his life. But then, he had ne"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Moments","Author":"MidnightBravery","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8531937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Christina/Phoebe A/N: Slight differences from movie: 1) Phoebe is less girly than she was in the movie. She is basically a tom-boy/skater girl. 2) The only kids in the family are: William, Phoebe, Dylan, Christina, Harry, Joni, Aldo, and Ethan. The reason is that there are so many that it would be hard to write them into the story and I only wanted to keep the ones that I thought would fit in best. Also, Christina is the only Beardsley girl. Ages: William B. – 18 Phoebe N. – 18 Dylan N. – 17 Christina B. – 17 Harry B. – 15 Joni N. - 12 Aldo N. - 7 Ethan B.– 6 1 year later, Saturday Night: I scanned the room looking for the person I desired to see most. I caught sight of dirty blonde hair in the hallway talking to Nick. I could tell from going out with him for as long as I did that he was hitting on her. He was leaning against the doorframe with his hands in pockets and Christina seemed to be listening contently to whatever he was saying. Right on cue he raised his eyebrows at her and bit his lip trying to look like the \"sexy-bad boy\".Why I went out with him for 6 months is beyond me. I think it was more of a way to hide to my parents how I'm bi. Everyone at school pretty much knows I'm bi, hell it's not a secret that I can pull girls. Honestly, I'm better at picking up girls than some of the boys. I've tried to keep it a secret from my family, but it's starting to get harder as time passes. I'd probably be kicked out of the house by Frank, or should I say, \"The Admiral\" if he found out. Any topic of being gay or gay people and he'll go off on one about Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve. Like the time when me and Christina had dressed up Ethan and Aldo as girls to try and split them up. He was furious. He has very conservative views when it comes to politics. Of course my mom being the part-hippie, laid back person she is, has tried to reason with him about it. Somehow I think she knows about me being bisexual but just hasn't said anything to me about it, I think she's waiting on me to tell her. Frank and Helen had decided to take Aldo and Ethan to see Frank's parents Margret and William in Greenwich, CT. Although it was only 2 hours away, they decided to spend the weekend down there. Frank's parents were getting closer each day to dying and Frank wanted to make sure that they got to see the younger kids. The whole family would have gone but I have a soccer game Sunday afternoon, which Christina's cheerleading squad has to cheer at since it's a school event. William had a National Honors Society meeting earlier today to decide about Graduation details and Dylan just didn't want to go. I shook my head as I watched Christina and Nick talking. If she wanted to fall for his tricks and end up with her heart-broken, who was I to stop her? Sure I didn't want that to happen but judging by the amount of attention she was giving him, with whatever story he decided to tell her, she was into him. I turned back to Brooke as we were dancing together. I grabbed her hips and pulled her into me as close as I could. I let my hands go underneath the bottom of her black tank top and teased her skin. I looked into her lust filled blue eyes and smiled. I carefully placed my leg between hers and slid my thigh up to her center adding pressure. She moaned into my ear as she bit her hip. \"You're so fucking hot when you do that.\" I whispered into her ear as I slowly placed a kiss against her pulse point. I felt Brooke gasp as she pressed herself down on top of my thigh. \"I want you.\" She breathed into my ear as I smirked against her neck. I met Brooke a few weeks ago at my friend Ryan's 18th birthday party. We caught each others eye from across the room and basically have been seeing each other ever since. She has long blonde hair, which she left loosely curled tonight and piercing blue eyes that seemed like they could see right through your soul. She was more of girly girl compared to me. Tonight she had on dark, tight skinny jeans and settled for a dressed up black tank-top for a shirt. \"Let's go upstairs!\" She tried to yell over the music as Brooke looked at me as her eyes brows raised suggestively. I slowly nodded to her as she grinded herself against me. I brought my hand to the back of her neck pulling her to me as I kissed her lips. I could take the alcohol on her lips as I slid my tongue past her lips. I felt someone staring at me and as I opened my eyes I looked and saw Christina and Nick staring at me from the hallway. Christina's jaw dropped as Nick smirked at me as he walked up behind Christina. I smiled into the kiss as I shut my eyes and continued what I was doing. If they wanted a show, they were going to get one. I deepened the kiss as Brooke moaned into my mouth as one of my hands moved to the back of her neck bringing her closer to me. I could still feel their eyes on me as I parted the kiss. I quickly turned and looked towards them. Me and Christina caught eye contact for a brief second. Her eyes had a hurt expression in them and she turned back around to Nick. I watched as Nick whispered something into her ear as he nodded upstairs. Christina shook her head as Nick looked at her confused. Nick took a step towards Christina as he spoke to her again. From her facial expression, I could tell that whatever he said, had it effect and before I knew it, Nick had grabbed her hand and was leading her to the dining room where a game of Kings was taking place. \"Come on babe.\" Brooke whispered in my ear behind me as I felt her press herself into me from behind. \"Hang on a second Brooke.\" I told her as she sighed and nodded. I smiled at her silently thanking her as a kissed her cheek before turning and making my way towards the dining room. I silently peered in the room, in-between the various bodies that had been in the kitchen. He placed his hand behind Christina's neck and kissed her. I stopped in place as I watched them. I felt sick to my stomach and I felt heat radiate off my body. I don't know why but the sight of them hit a nerve. I turned around to Brooke who was behind me watching the same scene that I was. I grab her by her hips and spun us back around so I had her pinned against the kitchen doorway. Before she had a chance to react, I grabbed her face and pressed my lips to hers. Her hands got tangled in my hair as we both deepened the kiss. I pulled our hips closer together, needing the contact. I pulled away from her slightly as I looked into her bright blue eyes. I pecked her cheek as I reached across the counter and grabbed 2 shots of Absolute that was sitting on the counter. I handed one to Brooke as she took it and laughed. We clinked glasses as we both downed the alcohol. My throat burned slightly as I set the glasses down. I took one last look at Nick and Christina as Christina turned towards Nick and began kissing him. Nick put his hand behind Christina's neck and pulled her closer to him as she was basically in his lap. Sick of seeing the two of them, I grabbed Brooke's hand and began to lead us towards my bedroom. To Be Continued...[Chapter 2] Phoebe POV 1 hour later: \"Ahh Babe!\" Brooke moaned out underneath me as I continued to move my fingers inside her. She threw her head back against the pillows. Her nails dug into my back as she bit her bottom lip. I continued what I was doing as I leant down and kissed her neck as I moved lower to her exposed collarbone. I felt Brooke move her hands down my chest and to my waist as I felt her unbuckle my belt. We broke our kiss as she pulled my shirt over my head and threw it somewhere across the room. Our lips connected again as I pushed her back down on the bed. \"Phoebe!\" I jumped away from Brooke as I heard the pounding on my door. I heard Joni and Harry yelling for me. Normally I would have just ignored them and told them to shut up but the sound of their voice told me it was serious. \"Phoebe! Open up!\" The pounding on the door continued as I quickly jumped up from the bed. \"What are you doing?\" Brooke questioned as I hurried to find my shirt and put it on. I grabbed my shoes off the floor and proceeded to tie them up. I still had my clothes on as Brooke sat in my bed completely naked with the sheets wrapped around her. \"Seriously? You're leaving?\" \"I have to. It's important, I can tell. Get dressed in case anyone comes in, I'll be back as soon as I can.\" I hurriedly walked past her as I reached the door. \"Phoe-\"I pulled the door open part way as I saw the panicked expressions on their faces. I stepped out in the hallway as I pulled the door shut behind me. All this time can't get it off my mind Dance the night away Keep rocking with me When the grooves alright Rocking all night I want to hear you say \"What is going on?!\" I shouted over everyone as it seemed like the number of bodies in the house had multiplied. A couple next to me were making out against the wall, a group of friends were down the hall dancing in the circle where the bathrooms were, and the pig was running around with a red solo cup in its mouth. \"Oh my god.\" I said as I put my hand to my forehead. I did not expect the party to get this out of hand. \"Phoebe you have to come downstairs! Christina is throwing up in the kitchen, we can't find William, and the house is getting trashed!\" Harry told me as his eyes grew with each word. Joni looked like she was ready to cry. These poor kids have never experienced a true party and they were getting overwhelmed. \"Take me to Christina.\" They took off down the hallway past the bathrooms and group of teenager's twerking. I squeezed down the steps and avoided some dude who thought it was a great idea to slide the banister to the bottom before falling off halfway through the process. It was safe to say that there was no way of covering up this party from Mom and Frank. I followed Harry and Joni into the kitchen to find a small group of kids huddled near the sink. I pushed my way through as I saw Christina leaning against the counter with Nick supporting her. She had her head down on her hands as her eyes were shut. She moaned and then grasped the sink as she began to throw up. I turned away as I heard her puke her stomach into the sink and the endless \"Ews!\" that began to ring through the room. \"Ah man that's disgusting!\" I heard someone say as I turned back around to Harry and Joni. I squatted down to their level as I instructed them of what to do. Wake up I'm calling you up I need a ride We're gonna shake up So hurry it up no wasted time The girls in their makeup In black and white \"Joni, try and find William. Tell him to get everyone out of the house. We need to get this place under control. Harry tell Dylan the plan and have his bandmate help to try and clean up the house. Throw away all the beer cans, cups, anything you can find. I'll take care of Christina. I'm taking her upstairs.\" They nodded as Harry took off into the living room to get Dylan who was strumming away on his guitar. \"Is she going to be okay?\" Joni asked me worriedly as she looked behind me to Christina as Nick set her down on the floor and leaned her up against the cabinets. I turned and looked as Christina was arguing something with him as she flew her hands out, trying to emphasize her point to him. \"She'll be fine. Just go find William.\" I told her so she wouldn't become afraid. She nodded as she turned and went on the search for William. I went over to her as I kneeled down on the other side of her, Nick opposite of me. \"What the hell happened?\" I questioned him as I wiped her hair out of her face. \"Nothing! She honestly didn't even have a whole lot. She had maybe 3 shots and a beer or 2. She was fine when she was drinking it. I taught her how to play Kings and she wanted to take more shots but we ran out of Absolute.\" Nick rattled off to me as Christina started to open her eyes. \"Guys, I fine! I'm not baby.\" She mumbled as she tried to stand up on her own. She started to stumble as I grabbed her around the waist and steadied her. \"Yeah, you're definitely fine. You can't even stand up Christina.\" I told her as I kept my arm around her waist and pulled her to me so she could lean on me. She turned around and rested her forehead in my neck as she threw her arms around my shoulders and used me to lean against. I felt her breath against my neck as it shot chills down my back. My neck was sensitive. Very sensitive. \"Thanks for looking out for her.\" I told Nick as he nodded awkwardly as I looked around to see Harry whispering in Dylan's ear on stage. Dylan looked at him and nodded as he stopped playing and had his bandmates in a huddle. The crowd turned to look at why the music had stopped. \"Alright, everyone out! Party's over! Cops are coming!\" Dylan yelled out to the house as a chorus of moans and chatter went about. I smirked at him. We decided long ago that the fastest way to clear a party if Frank or mom was coming back early was to say that the cops were coming. Everyone would pile out in about 20 minutes tops. Dylan jumped down from the stage, along with his bandmates as they disappeared into the crowd which had started to make a path to the front door. \"I guess I'll see you guys later.\" Nick said as he let out a breath and joined the crowd walking out the front door. Even though he had just took care of Christina, I still didn't like him, nor did I trust him. \"I don't feel good.\" I was brought out of my thoughts as Christina started to lose her balance again. I held her close to me so that she wouldn't fall down. \"Come on let's get you upstairs.\" I told her as I started to walk her out of the kitchen. About halfway there I gave up and bent down, as I tucked my arm behind her legs and picked her up. She was lighter than I was expecting, as I carried her upstairs and towards the bathroom. I got to the top of the steps to find William and Joni. \"Where were you?!\" I questioned him as his hair was disheveled. His eyes were slightly red and glassed over. I could tell he had had a few drinks tonight like everyone else. \"I could ask you the same thing, trust me, you don't wanna go there.\" He shot me a look which lead me to think, he knew more than I thought he did. William was in no way stupid or naïve. He had probably seen me and Brooke earlier and put two and two together. I didn't want to argue and risk the chance of him telling Frank, because I know he would if provoked. His views were almost identical to Frank's. \"Just get everyone out.\" I said as we both continued opposite ways. Joni and Harry followed him down the stairs as it was just me and Christina. \"Phoebe…\" Christina mumbled as I walked us to the end of the hall and to our room. I had set her down to walk since we made it up the steps. I was hoping her balance would improve but I was wrong. I chose to ignore her as I thought she might just be drunk rambling. We got to my room as I opened the door. My desk lamp was the only light coming through the room. \"Fuck!\" I heard someone say as I jumped slightly not expecting someone to be in there. I saw Brooke sitting up in my bed, fully clothed as I could tell she had been asleep. She looked from me to Christina leaning against me. \"Is she okay?\" \"She's really drunk.\" I told her as Brooke jumped up from the bed and allowed me to lay Christina down. I took the hair tie of my bedpost and pulled my hair up into a ponytail as I grabbed my trash can and set it beside the bed. \"I'm not drunk.\" Christina said as she started to sit up. I quickly put my hand on her shoulders to prevent her from getting up. All of a sudden, she reached forward and grabbed the trash can as she began to throw up once more. \"Ew! I've gotta get out of here!\" Brooke quickly grabbed her purse and gave me a peck on the cheek as she walked out. \"I'll text you.\" I kneeled beside Christina as I scooped her hair up with one hand and rubbed small circles on her back with my other. She vomited once more before setting the trash can down at her feet. Her skin was starting to become flushed and her body was warm against mine as she leaned against my left side. She rested her forehead on my shoulder as I sat there taking in her presence. Despite her state she was never the less, beautiful. Her dirty blonde hair slightly messy after the events of tonight. Her tanned legs resting on the bed as I carefully stood up. \"Come on Cheerleader, let's get you to bed.\" I told her as she stuck out her bottom lip and pouted. I started laughing as I watched her. \"I don't wanna.\" She said as she crossed her arms over her chest and continued to pout. She looked like a 5 year old who had been told they couldn't have candy. \"I'm not tired.\" \"I don't care, you're going to sleep.\" I laughed as she stomped her foot. \"Come on.\" \"Only if you go to sleep too.\" She looked up to me as she started to crawl underneath the covers. I watched her as I contemplated what to do. I didn't really have a choice as Christina was already tucked under my covers, snuggled into my pillow. She opened her eyes as she looked at me expectantly. \"Alright scoot over, but you better not throw up on me.\" I joked as she was on the side of the bed against the wall. I got under the covers and adjusted my pillow so that we each had our own. I reached above me as I turned the overhead light off. \"I hate oranges.\" Christina groaned as I burst into laughter. \"They're so gross!\" She continued as I looked at her. She had her eyes shut and had her face twisted in disgust. She rolled over so that she was facing the wall and away from me. I stopped laughing at her as I kept the smile on my face. She was beginning to sober up I thought, at least she was able to form sentences and not slur her words now, but then again she was still drunk rambling about oranges. \"Why do you call me Cheerleader?\" She asked me as the question caught me off guard. She stayed silent, waiting for my answer as I thought. \"Well, you ARE a cheerleader. And, I don't know, I guess it's my pet name for you.\" I laughed as she laid still. \"I'm not a pet Phoebe!\" She whined as she huffed and puffed. I rolled my eyes at her drunkenness as I too rolled over. I had to lay on my left side to fall asleep, so I was facing Christina's back. \"I know you're not Christina. You've never gotten drunk before have you?\" I questioned. With how she was throwing up earlier, and how strict Frank is, there was no way she had ever been drunk. A quiet \"No.\" came from Christina as she continued to lay still on her side. I nodded quietly to myself as I was left with my thoughts. \"You need to be careful Christina, you had me a little worried tonight.\" \"I'm sorry.\" She whispered as I could her the sleepiness in her voice. \"I'm sorry Phe.\" She continued as I heard her yawn. I laid still and shut my eyes as I thought about the events of tonight. It brought back the memories of last year and the party we through to break up Mom and Frank. It brought back the whole thing with me, Christina, and Nick. FLASHBACK: \" Let's promise to never let boys come between us again.\" Christina said with a shy smile as she placed her hands on her hips. It almost looked like she was smirking when she said it as she cocked her head to the side. I laughed at her form of peace offering as I answered her, \"Yeah like that's really gonna happen.\" I laughed with a smile as I shook my head and stepped forward at the same time as Christina. I wrapped my arms around her, hugging her tightly as she had her arms around my back. For that brief moment I didn't want to let go. I don't know what it was, maybe the fact that we were actually laughing together, getting along, or the circumstances surrounding the hug. My words had a double meaning as I knew that fighting with Christina over BOYS would not be an issue. We rocked back and forth slightly as I stepped away from her. As I laughed at the thought of my words, I put my hand on Christina's lower back as I guided her out of the dining room and into the kitchen. \"Come on.\" I was brought out of my thoughts by Christina moving. At first it was re-adjusting her pillow. Then she moved her whole body and scooted backwards so that she was backed up against me. I stiffened at first, not at all expecting the younger girl to be pressed into me. She stopped her movement and let out a quiet breath that I heard. \"Will you cuddle with me?\" The question slipped past her lips even quieter than before, as I laid there taking each word in. \"Please Phoebe?\" Something inside of me jumped at the proposal. Another part of me screamed that I shouldn't and I needed to get out of the bed. However, at the moment, it was nice. It was nice having somebody close to me. It was nice feeling as if someone needed me. It was nice that Christina needed me. And with that, I slid in closer to her as I wrapped my left arm around her waist and held her closer to me. My face was in her neck as I breathed in the smell of her shampoo and her scent, which seemed to overwhelm me and yet it soothed me. I let out a shaky breath as I realized what I was doing. I couldn't let this happen. I had to stop myself. Christina moved one last time, scooting even closer against me so that we were spooning. She placed her hand on top of mine as her breaths were slow and steady. She was already fast asleep, body and mind exhausted and rattled with what the night had brought. I listened to her breathing for about five minutes before I felt myself start to slowly drift off to sleep, thoughts full of the blonde girl cuddled into me. Please leave me a review to let me know what you thought of this chapter or what you would like to see happen. I'll try to update again within the next few days. Thanks for reading![Chapter 3] Hey guys! Just wanted to let you know that I created a Facebook Page for this story to help you guys visualize what the characters look like along with other aspects of the story like rooms, outfits and whatnot. You can like it or not, but I made it to try and allow you guys vision what I am describing! Check it out! Link is in my bio! ALSO! I have made various Christina/Phoebe videos on YouTube if you would be interested in watching them. Same username, link is in my bio :)[Chapter 4] Christina POV \" Alright so do you get the basic rules of how to play?\" Nick asked me as everyone was situated around the table. They had decided to play a game of Flip Cup instead of Kings since no one could find a pack of cards. Nick had handed me another drink, even though I would be having the one in the game too. I knew it probably wouldn't be a good idea since I'd never been drunk before, but I took it from his hands and took a drink anyway. \" Yeah I got it.\" I said as I took a sip. I just wanted to finally have a normal teenage life. I wanted to go out and party with friends on the weekends and talk about what happened over the weekend at school. I wanted to be able to actually make close friends and be able to stay in one place for more than 6 months. I didn't want to be a military brat anymore. So with that, I took a much bigger drink as I joined in on the game going on. \" You look hot Christina.\" Nick told me as he placed his hand on my thigh. He looked at me through his green eyes as I looked back to him. He scooted closer to me so that our legs were touching. He took his hand and wiped a strand of loose hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear as I shifted nervously. He put his hand on my chin as he leaned forward and kissed me. At first I was shocked and I didn't react. \" Dude Phoebe just made out with Brooke in the kitchen! They went upstairs! 20 bucks says their doing it!\" Someone announced as they came in the dining room and joined the game. I pulled away from Nick as I turned and looked at the guy that just sat down. \" They were all over each other!\" He said again as I felt a pang of hurt run through my body. I don't know why I all of a sudden got jealous. My body started to become warm and my heart rate increased at the thought of Phoebe and that girl. Dancing, touching, kissing, and now, apparently fucking. I felt angry and I didn't know why. With that I turned back to Nick as I kissed him again. I kissed him deeply as I tried everything in me to forget about Phoebe kissing that girl. Nick deepened the kiss as our tongues intertwined and he put his hand behind my neck, pulling me closer. I woke up by the pounding of my head. It felt like a construction site was inside my head with the constant pounding. I felt a body next to me as I was confused. The last thing I remember Nick trying to get me to leave with him last night. \"Please don't let it be what I think it is. I can't let my first time be like that.\" I told myself as I was scared that I would be in bed with Nick. I opened my eyes as I found myself even more confused, but also relieved. I found myself cuddled in none other than Phoebe's side. My face was in the crook of her neck as I had my right arm across her stomach and she had hers wrapped me. She was still asleep, her face peaceful as she breathed in and out. The steady beat of her heart was comforting as I continued to lay in her arms. How I ended up in Phoebe's bed was beyond me, but I wasn't complaining. I was afraid that I would wake up beside Nick, events of last night evident. But, I wasn't. I was in bed with my sister. In the bed with my sister, cuddled up to her. That thought continued to run through my head. Something about last night was also in my head. I didn't understand why I had felt the emotions that ran through my body. I was upset, mad, confused, and honestly, I was jealous. I don't know what I was jealous of though. The fact that Phoebe had found someone and I didn't? But that couldn't be it. Nick was with me. Sure a lot had happened between him, Phoebe and me but we had settled it. Nick and Phoebe were broken up and Nick still relentlessly chased me. Last night, I think I just gave in. I mean, he was an attractive guy, all the girls in school were after him and he was giving me his attention. But I don't think I could ever be anything serious with Nick. He wasn't my type. My thoughts were interrupted by the movement of the older girl beside me. I watched her as her face turned into a frown. She turned her head the other way and back again as if fighting off a bad dream. I continued to watch her as her face lost its frown. I was thrown off guard a little when she tightened her grip around me though. She hugged me closely as she placed her chin on top of my head. I laid there silently, not moving, as I felt the older girl hold me. It felt nice. It felt nice being in someone arm's like this, the cuddling. I glanced down at the clock which was on Phoebe's desk as it read 10:07 a.m. I continued to lay still as I listened to Phoebe's heartbeat and how mine seemed to match its rhythm. I knew that we had to get up soon and get the house fixed up as fast as possible. The Admiral and Helen said they would be back at noon today, so that they wouldn't miss Phoebe's soccer game at 2. Since I'm on the cheerleading squad, I would have to be there too and cheer on the girls' Varsity soccer team. I yawned as I scooted closer to Phoebe and the warmth she was giving off, as the crisp October air had made the house chilly. I had my head on her chest as my face was once again in her neck as my fingers played with the loose part of her t-shirt on her ribs. I shut my eyes as my breathed in Phoebe's scent as I began to dose off again. \"EVERYONE FALL IN RIGHT NOW!\" I quickly sat forward in the bed as I heard Dad's Coast Guard whistle blow throughout the house. Phoebe was wide awake now, sitting beside me in her bed as we both looked at each other. \"Fuck. We're so dead.\" She said as she got up and walked away from the bed. She walked over to the mirror as she started to fix her hair into a pony tail. I sat on the edge of her bed as I felt my stomach turning. I placed my head in my hands as my headache had slightly improved, no longer sounding like a construction zone. I felt Phoebe walk across the room as she squatted in front of me, placing her hands on my legs. \"Are you okay? Are you gonna be sick?\" I looked up from my hands to be met with a pair of concerned dark brown eyes, staring right back at me. She rubbed her thumb across my knee, trying to soothe me as best she could. I smiled at the warm gesture as I rested my head in my right palm. \"I don't know.\" I told her as I placed my other hand on my stomach as I heard another yell from downstairs. \"CHRISTINA! PHOEBE! GET DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW!\" The Admiral yelled again as I groaned. I really didn't want to deal with the consequences of last night right at the moment. I just wanted to keep cuddling with Phoebe. Wait, what?! I meant to keep sleeping. Why the hell did I just think that? I just wanted to keep sleeping. Phoebe had nothing to do with it. \"I think we better go, are you gonna make it?\" Phoebe asked me as we both stood up as she placed her hand on the door knob. She looked over me to see if I was going to be okay as he eyes settled back on mine. \"He's gonna kill me.\" I told her as I knew that he would be harder on me than the others. His only REAL daughter. He was always more harsh towards me than the other kids. I think after losing mom, it made him realize that I was the closest thing to her and from then on he was very stern and protective of me. It really wasn't fair to be honest. Punishing me more than the other kids, being more serious towards me, it made me grow up fast. I thought of the possible punishments he might make us do, other than the obvious \"clean up the house\". Thankfully Helen had abolished some of the punishments. Push-ups and burpess were some of the usual forms of punishment the Admiral used. \"I won't let him.\" Phoebe smirked at me as she opened the door. I followed her down the hallway and to the lighthouse stairs as we made our way to the bottom. The hallway was a wreck. The paintings on the walls were crooked, some had even been leaning against the wall on the floor. Various trash was scattered on the floor, ranging from solo cups to food crumbs. Assuming by how the house looked, no one had cleaned or picked up last night. I looked over the banister to be met with the sight of the others and a very angry Admiral who had his hands on his hips and was walking down the line of kids, looking each one of them in the face. After he passed Dylan, he must have felt my eyes on him because he looked up and caught me watching him. I quickly scooted backward and continued to follow Phoebe. \"We're so dead.\" I said out loud to myself as we got closer and closer with each step. Phoebe said nothing as we reached the very bottom and were met with 9 sets of eyes turning to look at me and Phoebe, the last to get to fall in. Phoebe was in slightly in front of me with her arms crossed over her chest and her head cocked to the side. I stood behind her, as the Admiral slowly made his way over to us. He stopped in front Phoebe as the two exchanged glares. \" Here we go…\" I thought as Frank began to speak. \"You all are in very big trouble.\"[Chapter 5] Christina POV \"Go Whalers go! L-E-T-S G-O!\" I chanted with the other girls, as I clapped my pom-poms together along the sideline of the soccer field. I watched as our Varsity Girls Soccer team played against our rivals Norwich for the last regular season game. The Admiral, Helen, Dylan, Joni, Harry, Aldo, and Ethan were sitting in the bleachers as the game continued. Another familiar face that sat in the stands was Brooke. I stared at her as she was dressed in a pair of light blue skinny jeans, a dark blue shirt and leather jacket. She had on a grey beanie to help keep her warm in the cold October air. Her hair fell freely on her shoulders as he sat there about two rows behind my family as she was watching Phoebe. With the occasional cheer and clapping, she filled the role as \"supportive\" girlfriend, if that's even what she was to Phoebe. I contemplated about their relationship often. They would always walk together at school and Brooke was a frequent visitor to our house, when she was allowed. As I would go to the dining room to complete my homework for the evening, I would watch as they would go upstairs to mine and Phoebe's room and disappear until it was time for dinner or for Brooke to leave. Half of the time she had stayed for dinner with us and Phoebe would take her home afterwards. It wasn't hard to guess what they were doing when they disappeared to our room. I didn't feel like walking in on my sister having sex anytime soon, so whenever I needed in the room, I made sure that they could hear that I was coming. Brooke was beautiful, there was no doubt about that. Piercing blue eyes, long blonde hair, tanned face, and skinny build. She had all the guys, and even some of the girls, chasing after her at New London High. She was in Phoebe's friend group. I saw her, Phoebe, Ryan and Phoebe's teammate Peyton often playing their guitars and other instruments on the quad during our free track. Phoebe seemed happy with her. That's all that mattered, right? Phoebe was happy… The score was tied 1-1 as it approached the 80th minute. Our girls team was clad in a white jersey that was trimmed with dark green with dark green Under Armor underneath to keep them warm, as well as dark green shorts and finally white socks. I watched as one of the girls kicked the ball up to midfield as the game resumed. They ran up the field as a player from Norwich slid and took her out, resulting in a yellow card. Norwich was known for their dirty play. Many players this season had been suspended due to the amount of yellow and red cards they had received. We started doing another one of our many cheers as we bounced and kicked as I felt sicker with each movement. This morning had been rough to say the least. I was still hung over and felt like I was going to throw up at any moment. I hadn't thrown up yet, even though I thought for sure I would when the Admiral came home early this morning: \" You all are in very big trouble.\" The words let the Admirals mouth as he looked at each one of us. I don't think I have ever felt so scared in my life. If looks could kill, we all would be 6 feet under at the moment. The Admiral stood there, hands on his hips, his Coast Guard uniform pressed and perfectly polished. Helen stood behind him, a look of disappointment across her face as she studied us. Ethan and Aldo were holding onto each of her hands as their baby faced looked confused. \" Should I go get the hammer sir?\" Ethan asked cutely as us, older kids, giggled quietly. \" No Ethan. There is no hammer.\" The Admiral sighed as he explained to the youngest boy, who saluted his dad accordingly. \" So this is what we come home to find after visiting your grandparents, who by the way, missed seeing you. You all were so selfish that you'd rather throw a party and trash the house than visit your grandparents. I'm extremely disappointed in all of you.\" The Admiral told us as we all had our heads down in shame. \" So…who was the mastermind behind the 'party while the parents are away'?\" The Admiral asked us as we all looked back up to him and then towards each other. We hadn't really figured out if we got busted who would take the blame. Granted, it was Phoebe and Dylan that had suggested the party and sent out the group message to everyone, but there was no way that we were going to rat them out. We had become a lot closer together throughout this past year. We had each other's backs through thick and thin, whether it be at school or at home, rarely there were fights between us. We were a pact. We were a family. None of us opened our mouths as Frank looked at us all briefly, shocked that we had remained silent. I watched him carefully as I saw the cogs and wheels in his head turning, deciding the best course of action he should take. He looked back at Helen briefly as she nodded, agreeing with whatever it was he had thought of. I didn't understand how they knew what the other was thinking but somehow, over the past year they seemed to be on the same page, for the most part. Both finally understanding how the other worked and thought, they were a well-oiled, parenting machine, much to the dislike of us. \" Well since no one is going to step up and own up to their mistakes…you are ALL grounded for the next month.\" He said slowly as everyone looked at each other in disbelief and started to protest at once. \" I have soccer!\" \" My band is having a gig-..\" \" What about my intern-\" \" A whole month?!\" \" Sir this isn't fair-\" All of us were shouting out arguments to this form of punishment as the Admiral put his hands up to stop of all. \" Do you want to make it 2 months?!\" He shouted over us, as that instantly silenced every argument. I looked at Phoebe as she glared at the Admiral. It was no shock that out of all the North kids, she and my dad did not get along at all. They were constantly at each other's throats; bickering, arguing, and fighting. They had nothing in common and any chance they got, they disagreed. Every little thing was a war between those two. And at the moment it seemed like another fight was about to break out. Phoebe and the Admiral were both hot-headed. They both liked to be the 'leader' and to be right. I think part of the reason that they didn't get along is that with Phoebe being the oldest North child, she felt the he was 'replacing' her real dad. When his death anniversary came in December last year, each of the North kids took turns with the 'talking stick'. But when it was handed to Phoebe from Joni, who gave a heartfelt message about her father and how Frank was the best step-father, Phoebe silently passed the stick onto Dylan. Everyone looked at her puzzled and wondered why the older girl didn't want to say anything about her late dad. But, Dylan took the stick and continued as if nothing was wrong. Dylan and Phoebe had a special brother-sister bond that I didn't understand, no one understood. They were like twins, being able to read each other and how the other felt. \" Thanks for ruining my life.\" Phoebe told him as she turned around and ran back up the steps to our room. Frank was about to protest, but Helen placed her hand on his back stopping him. He sighed as I noticed a hurt expression flash across his face. He wiped his brow as he looked at his watch and then back to us. \" You have one hour to get this place cleaned up.\" He told us as he and Helen walked towards their bedroom to discuss what had happened. So now here are at Phoebe's soccer match. Helen had managed to talk the Admiral into letting Phoebe still play in her games, since she had made a commitment to the team and it was the start of playoff time. So Phoebe and I got changed into our respective uniforms, and we made our way to our high school. The ride there was silent, nobody inside daring to break the silence after this morning. Phoebe was an amazing athlete. She was in the running for Female Athlete of the Year and she deserved it. Watching her effortlessly dribble up the field and make smooth, crisp passes to her teammates…it was something of an art. I could watch her play all day, that's how good she was. Helen told me she had played soccer her whole life. Her dad had gotten her into it when she was 4 and since then, she's always had a love for it. Time was running out as the score was still tied. I watched Phoebe as her and this Norwich girl were playing very aggressively towards each other. The other girl would use her elbows to try and throw Phoebe off her balance as Phoebe would retaliate by \"accidentally\" bumping back into her. The two went back and forth before Phoebe spun around and squared up to the girl face to face. Words were being exchanged as they both were in each other's faces. I knew that if the other girl kept talking, Phoebe would surely put her in her place. Phoebe didn't take crap from anyone but she normally didn't let words get to her, but something the girl said had clearly set her off. The scene was noticed immediately by everyone and the referee, who ran over to them quickly. He separated the both of them as he pointed fingers at each of them, before he reached into his pocket and pulled out a yellow card, showing it to both players, who began to argue their point to him. He shook his head quickly before play resumed. I watched as the girl said one last thing to Phoebe as they began to run to the other side of the field. The referee signaled one more minute to go as our team had possession of the ball. Peyton, a friend of Phoebe and Ryan's, had stolen the ball from Norwich's forward. She dribbled the ball up the field before kicking the ball high into the air towards Phoebe, who was our forward. Phoebe took off along the sideline as the girl who had gotten in her face before was running towards the ball as well. Both players jumped up in the air at the same time to head the ball, but as soon as Phoebe was about to hit it with her head, the Norwich girl brought her elbow up and hit Phoebe in the head near her temple. Phoebe fell back down to the ground instantly, as she fell landing on her back first. She laid on the ground rolling on her side, pain written across her face as she wrapped her hands around her head in agony. Parents, our players, and our Coaches were instantly on their feet screaming at the referee and the Norwich girl as tempers flared. I looked to the crowd as the Admiral and Helen were on their feet watching, as Dylan was yelling and pointing. Brooke was stood up as well with her hand on her mouth, eyes full of concern. Helen and the Admiral were starting to make their way down the bleachers, knowing all too well that Phoebe was hurt badly. My breath got caught in my throat as I watched Phoebe nervously, waiting for her to stand up and be okay, like always. My eyes continued to watch her as she was still on the ground not moving, my mind switched on to auto pilot as I started towards her. I was on the sideline closest to Phoebe, about 20 feet from her, so I reached her before our parents. With everyone else coming on the field, I figured it wouldn't matter if I did as well. As I and the trainer approached them, I watched as the Norwich girl stood over top of Phoebe smirking. \"Are you okay Phoebe?\" I asked as I was beside them, along with Phoebe's other teammates. I was about to bend down to Phoebe when the girl spoke. \"Next time stay out of my way, dyke.\" She spat at Phoebe as I turned towards her. \"What did you say to her?!\" I asked angrily as the words that left her mouth instantly lit a fire inside me. \"Oh I'm sorry, what are you? Her girlfriend?\" The girl laughed at me as she suddenly shoved me to the ground. I hit the ground hard as everything that happened after was a blur. I was on the ground surrounded by Phoebe's teammates as Peyton bent down to me, trying to help me up. At the same time I watched as Phoebe instantly was on her feet as the Norwich girl was taken by surprise. My eyes widened as I saw Phoebe swing and punch her across the cheek as she fell to the ground. Peyton looked over her shoulder and then left my side and joined Phoebe's. Phoebe bent over the girl on the ground as she brought her fist up again and swung. I heard her fist connect with the other's girl's face once again and a cry of pain that left the Norwich girl. Peyton grabbed Phoebe from behind and dragged her backwards, pulling her away from the girl on the ground with blood coming out of a cut below her eye. I watched as the referee, both Coaches, and players came on scene and began to separate Phoebe, Peyton, myself and the girl as they tried to control the situation. Phoebe was being restrained by Peyton who was struggling to hold her back. Phoebe's response was always the 'fight' option in everything. Phoebe was never one to back down from anyone or anything and she certainly was not going to let this girl get her way. \"Touch her again and see what happens!\" Phoebe shouted as she struggled against Peyton. I gasped as I saw that Phoebe's forehead was split open from where she had been hit and had blood dripping down her face. I was still lying on the ground as I was helped up from Ashley, a junior on our squad. The Norwich girl was still lying on the ground as she had her face buried in her hands and her teammates surrounding her. \"Phoebe! Calm down!\" Peyton shouted at her as she held her still. Phoebe stopped trying to fight Peyton as she sat on the ground. I watched as she put her head between her legs and her hands on her head. Peyton was kneeling down with her as Phoebe was slightly leaning against her. \"Both players are ejected! Get off the field! Make room for the trainer!\" The referee shouted as both teams started to disperse and Coaches started to order players to their respective benches. I watched as I saw Helen and the Admiral ran over to us. \"That is ridiculous! She purposely tried to hurt my daughter! I want her kicked off the team-\" Helen started to argue with the referee as the Admiral tried to calm her down. Phoebe had gotten her fire from her Mom. Phoebe had the same intense passion that Helen has and both were head-strong and independent and would not take crap from anyone. Helen ignored the reasoning of the ref as the Admiral took her place, demanding that some form of punishment be brought on the Norwich girl. He was angry, I could tell by his tone and body language, hopefully something could be done about punishing that girl. My attention was brought back to Phoebe who was lying on the ground. Me and Helen both kneeled down to her as the trainer was by our side with his kit. Phoebe laid still as the trainer started to ask her a series of questions which she began answering. I watched her carefully as the trainer told me to hold a rag on her head to stop the bleeding for him as he searched through his medical kit. To Be Continued... Thanks for reading! I'd like a couple of reviews before the next update to know that you guys are still interested in this story. Also, leave any comments about what you'd like to see happen and they might end up happening! Also, I have made some Phoebe/Christina videos on YouTube if you are interested in watching them, just search my username 'SianSophieLove' and they all should come up or go to my profile on here and click the link! Finally, there is a Facebook page created for this story to help assist in visual aids, be sure to check it out! Link is in my profile![Chapter 6] Phoebe POV \" Did you black out?\" \" Do you remember what happened?\" \" Tell me your name.\" These were just some of the questions that the trainer had asked me as I laid on the ground. I could feel myself starting to become faint and dizzy from the amount blood that was gushing out of my eyebrow. The trainer had me lay down on the ground to try and lower the amount of blood that I was losing. I was surrounded by a group of people who were all asking me questions at once. I could hear the voices of the trainer, mom, Brooke, and Christina as they were all kneeling down on the ground beside me. My head was pounding and it felt like someone was inside it with a jackhammer. I knew it was bad, probably a concussion and definitely needing a few stitches. I could feel the warmth on my face and down my neck from my blood as I laid still. I opened my eyes as I saw the trainer on the ground to my left, digging in his medical kit searching for what I assumed were the butterfly Band-Aids. I couldn't see my mom, but I heard her talking to the trainer, her mom instincts taking over. I rolled my eyes as she asked numerous questions and listened as the trainer said I would need stitches and to be tested for a concussion. She was always too worried over me. I'm 18 years old, not 5, I know how to handle myself. I felt weight from the side of my head move and then a rag placed back down as I looked up. There was Christina, holding a towel against my eyebrow where it had split open. She placed a little bit more pressure to try and stop the bleeding as I winced from the discomfort. \"I'm sorry.\" She said quickly, realizing that she had hurt me. I could see the look of panic in her eyes. She released some of the pressure she was pressing down to try and ease the pain she had caused. I quickly reached behind me and grabbed her hand as I pulled it back down, applying the pressure again. \"It's okay, you're doing the right thing.\" I told her to try and relieve her. She silently nodded to me as she continued to hold the towel down. I watched her as she avoided my eyes and looked away. I was about to ask her what was wrong but before I could Brooke was there, sitting beside of Christina. \"Babe are you okay?\" She asked me worriedly as she placed her hand on my stomach. She searched my body for any other signs of injury as her blue eyes met mine. \" Babe.\" The word had slipped past her lips accidentally as I mentally winced at the slip up. I didn't need to deal with the idea of being outted right now and especially after the events of last night. Sure we were affectionate and used pet names like 'babe' at school and with our friends. But the fact that I was surrounded by my family, who didn't know, and Brooke calling me 'babe' would be hard to talk my way out of. \"I'm fine Brooke .\" I added extra emphasis on her name as she caught on almost immediately. Her eyes grew wide as she realized her mistake. At the same time, we both subtly looked around to see if my mom or anyone else had her the slip up. Luckily, the ambulance had just arrived at the field and everyone had their attention towards it. \"We're fine.\" I whispered as she nodded and mouthed 'I love you.' I reached for her arm and gave her a squeeze to let her know that I felt the same. I felt Christina lift the towel off of my head as she stood up and backed away from me. I watched her as she bit the inside of her lip and looked away, hands on her hips. The trainer moved over and began to place the butterfly Band-Aids along the edge of my eyebrow. 1, 2, 3 as I counted how many he had put on. \"Okay, the Ambulance is here to take you to the hospital Phoebe.\" The EMT'S jogged over to me with the orange board as they laid it down beside me. Everyone stood back as I scooted on top of it and they strapped me in appropriately. Mom was beside me as she reached for my hand. She rubbed some of the dirt off my face as she smiled at me reassuringly. \"Frank is driving the kids home and then he'll meet us there sweetie.\" She told me. I looked outside as I saw Frank start to jog back to Dylan and the little ones, as Dylan rounded them up and helped them down the bleachers. Christina looked from me to Frank and then back to me again, unsure of where to go. Part of me wanted her to get inside the van. Something about her presence soothed me and calmed me down. Christina had a very maternal side that came out when someone was hurt or upset. It was like instinctively she went into motherly mode and tried her best to soothe the little ones or to make you feel better. I think ever since her mom died she took over that role. Being the only daughter and having to take care of the house and the little ones made her mature quickly and take on a whole new level of responsibility. \"Is it okay if I come Mrs. Beardsley?\" Brooke had interrupted my thoughts and had spoken up from beside of Christina as she took a step forward. I was shocked at her gesture, thinking that she would just check on me once I got home. I wasn't expecting her at all to be that forward. \"Of course Brooke, you don't need to ask. You're practically family.\" Mom told her as she stepped up and into the back of the ambulance. I smirked at the choice of her words. Family. If she only knew… I watched as one of the EMT's shut the doors. Suddenly, Nick appeared by Christina's side with his football bag. He spoke to her as she nodded and began to walk away with him. The ambulance turned it's siren on and began to speed away, as I craned my neck trying to see them. \"You're one tough girl.\" Mom told me as she leaned forward speaking to me. She blocked my view of outside as I just smiled at her. I laid back down and watched the passing trees and buildings outside of the window. \"Yeah, you gave us all a scare Phe.\" Brooke said. I could tell that she was scared. The look in her eyes and the bouncing of her leg gave it away. She kept playing with her fingers and with the edge of her jacket. I looked over to mom who was watching the exchange between me and Brooke. She simply smiled at me as she rubbed her thumb over my hand. Mom definitely wasn't stupid, she could tell when me and Dylan were hiding something. And it could only mean one thing. She knows about me and Brooke. PCPCPCP Hour and a half later… Christina POV I walked up the staircase towards my room as Nick was following close behind me. Nick had just finished football practice and was heading to watch the last few minutes of the game when the fight broke out. He hung back with the crowd, stating that he didn't want to add to the numerous people that had started to crowd around Phoebe. After Phoebe, Helen, and Brooke had jumped into the Ambulance and the Admiral was making his way over to the little ones did Nick approach me. He asked if Phoebe was alright and said that the Norwich player had a rep for starting fights. He saw the small cuts on my hands from where I fell when she pushed me to the ground and asked if I was okay, to which I said it was nothing. Nick offered to give me a ride home and I said yes, we stopped at the Harbor for a quick bite to eat before he took me home. I invited him to come inside and hang out with me and keep me company and he jumped at the offer. \"Sorry for the mess, we haven't had a whole lot of time to clean up from last night.\" I explained to him as various clothing items, school books and other things cluttered the room. \"Geez Christina, you can't even clean up for a guest?\" Nick poked fun at me as he teased me. I laughed at his form of breaking the slight awkward tension as I began to dig through my drawers for some comfortable clothes to change into. To be honest, I don't remember much of last night, much less what happened between us. The last thing I remember clearly was making out with him during flip cup. I knew that we'd have to bring up what happened last night at some point, but both of us seemed nervous to do so. \"You made part of the mess in the living room last night!\" I joked with him. His green eyes sparkled as he smiled at me. He released a chuckle as he looked to the ground and stuck his hands in his pockets. \"Touché.\" He told me as looked around the room. He walked past the foot of my bed and to my desk as he looked at my wall of cheerleading posters, ribbons, and awards. I stood beside my dresser awkwardly as he closely examined each one. For some reason I was nervous as he looked through the various accolades I had collected through the many years. \"Impressive.\" Nick merely said as he walked back over to me. \"I'm gonna change into something more comfortable do you mi-\" I started as Nick knew what I was about to say. \"Oh right! Yeah, I'll just-\" He pointed behind him as he turned around to face Phoebe's side of the room as I changed clothes. I quickly changed out of my cheerleading uniform and slipped into a simple blue American Apparel sweatshirt and a pair of black leggings. Instantly feeling more at ease, I honestly was exhausted. \"Okay you can look now.\" I told Nick as he turned around. He looked at me up and down as he smiled. \"I like that shirt. It looks really good on you.\" He said sweetly to me. I smiled and laughed shyly as I reminded him that it was only a sweatshirt. A few moments passed before the silence was starting to get awkward. \"So can we talk about last night?\" Nick had been the brave one out of us two. He looked at me hopeful as I met his eyes. \"Yeah. Yeah of course we can.\" I said as I preceded to sit down on top of my duvet. Nick sat on the edge of my bed as I picked up a pillow and held it in my lap. \"Look Christina, last night was…amazing.\" He told me as I listened to him. \"You know that I've liked you ever since you moved here last year. And I think that after last night, us making out, you kissing me back…you like me too.\" Nick said as he placed his hand on top of mine, stopping my nervous fingers. \"Yeah.\" I simply said as a million thoughts hit me all at once. I knew where this was going. Nick wanted me to be his girlfriend. After everything that has happened in the last year between Phoebe, Nick and myself, I could honestly say that I saw it coming. We all had made peace after the big \"Break up mom and dad\" party and to be fair, he had changed. He'd grown up more. There was still bitterness between him and Phoebe, which was evident. But they were civil when they were around each other and no longer made side remarks about the other. I'll admit that when we first moved to New London and I first met Nick I wanted him. He was popular, a jock, captain of the football team, and had every girl chasing after him. Back then he was like a prize that I just had to win, I had to show off. Within this past year, I have really changed the most out of everyone in the family. I was a total bitch last year to say the least. Looking back and remembering the things I said to Phoebe and how I acted…I hated who I was then. Now, our new family kept me grounded, they made me into a person that I am proud to be. \"Yeah I do Nick.\" I told him as his face lit up. \"Sooo are we-?\" Nick trailed off not wanting to assume anything. I realized that we both were leaning towards each other on the bed as Nick's face was close to mine. I knew what I was getting myself into. I knew that by going out with Nick that it could possibly start another 'war' between the three of us again over the sheer fact that Nick moved on from Phoebe to me. That broke \"sister code\". Some part inside of me wanted that to happen. The feelings of last year when there was rivalry between me and Phoebe for Nick were returning. I wanted to make her jealous of Nick. After last night, Phoebe basically showed that she didn't care about Nick anymore. She had Brooke. She had Brooke and now I would have Nick. Past relationships and feelings shouldn't matter…right? We all would be happy and that's what mattered right? We all would have someone that made us happy, right? Phoebe has her happiness with Brooke, she's shown that. It's my turn to find some happiness with someone. It's my moment now. With that, I leaned forward and closed the distant between me and Nick as I kissed him. I held his face in-between my hands as I deepened the kiss. I felt him smile against my lips as his hand was behind my neck, pulling me closer to him. We kept the kiss going as I felt him move forward, as I slid backward. My head hit the pillow as Nick crawled over top of me. PCPCPCPC Just a quick update for you all, sorry for the delay, I've been on vacation and busy with sports! Let me know what you think by leaving a comment![Chapter 7] 2 weeks later… Thursday, October 16 Phoebe POV I walked down the science wing of school as I was headed towards Brooke's locker. She had no idea that I was going to be back in school today and I wanted to surprise her. I'd stayed home from school for a week, recovering from my \"accident\". Moderate concussion, 8 stitches, and I had a zero tolerance for noise and light, which resulted in me staying in my room lights off, blinds shut. Today was my first day back and every few minutes I was being stopped, asking how I was, to show off my \"battle scars\". It was starting to get old real fast. I threw on my leather jacket that was in my hands and shoved my hands inside my skinny jean pockets. I looked out the windows that lined the hallway dividing the science wing from one of the main hallways. The trees still had their golden leaves dangling in the crisp October air. I saw Peyton and a few of her friends round the corner walking towards me. As we got closer, I saw she had died a strip of her dark brown hair bright red. Peyton was a rebel to say the least. She did what she wanted, against what society deemed \"normal\" or \"acceptable\". Peyton was her own person, and she knew exactly who she was. She was Ryan's twin sister and they understood each other 100%. You'd think that they hated each other, but it was the exact opposite. \"What's up Stitch?\" Peyton asked playfully as she gave me a 'bro shake'. I laughed at her choice of nickname for me as she put her hand on my chin and moved my head to take a closer look at my fresh stitches \"Sick!\" She nodded in approval as I rolled my eyes at her. I jerked my head away from her. \"Sucks that Norwich went on to beat us.\" \"Don't even wanna talk about that Peyton.\" I said to her as she nodded. \"I'll catch up with you later.\" I told her as we continued on our own ways. I continued down the hallway as I caught sight of Brooke. She had her books hugged to chest as she was about 30 feet in front me. I followed behind her to her locker as she began to unlock it. She looked beautiful. Black leggings, a white tank top that was underneath a cute, grey, button up fall sweater. She was wearing brown, lace up boots and her blonde hair was done up in a messy bun to finish her look. I leaned against the wall at the corner, about 10 feet away from her as she began to put her books away. I smiled to myself as I watched her, now I would make my entrance. \"Good morning beautiful.\" I whispered in Brooke's ear as I sneakily walked up behind her. She jumped, not expecting the contact, as I wrapped my arms around her waist. She turned around in my arms as her blue eyes sparkled at me. With her smile wide, she wrapped her arms around my neck. I stumbled slightly from the force that she was hugging me. I breathed in her scent as I hugged her close to me. Brooke pulled away but only just enough so that she could press her lips against mine. She pressed me against the wall of lockers, her hands framing my face as she deepened the kiss. I moved my hands under her shirt as I brushed my fingers against her warm, tanned skin. I felt Goosebumps form as my thumbs ran over her hip bones. \"Girls that is quite enough!\" The voice broke mine and Brooke's lips apart as we remained pressed against each other. I turned my head at the source as I saw Mrs. Bowser standing outside her classroom, hands on her hips, glaring at Brooke and myself. I smirked at her disapproval as I took a step away from Brooke as we both let go of each other. Mrs. Bowser still glared at us as she returned to her room. \"Why didn't you tell me that you were coming back today?!\" Brooke asked as she looked down and laced our fingers together. \"Wanted to surprise you.\" I told her. She smiled at me as she looked up. She leaned towards me as she brushed her lips across my cheek. \"You're cute.\" She told me as she pressed her forehead against mine. She closed her eyes and smiled. \"I love you Phoebe.\" \"Really hate to break up the moment guys…\" Ryan yelled toward us as he rolled down the hall on his skateboard. I felt Brooke tense up and pulled me closer as Ryan was skating towards us at a good speed. He used me to help him stop as knocked into me. I caught his arm and held him up as he grabbed his board. Brooke giggled as Ryan began to fix his jet black hair into the usual faux hawk. \"Got a date later skater boy?\" She teased him as he fake laughed at her and rolled his eyes. \"Very funny blondy. Still afraid of a little piece of wood?\" He teased her, noticing how she flinched with his approach. He slung his arm around both of our shoulders. \"Alright listen up you two.\" \"Halloween is on a Friday this year and we all know what that means. Parties. Everywhere. But here's the thing, me and Peyton plan on throwing the biggest and baddest one. So, you two, invite everyone you know, and you better have your asses there, ready to have A FUCKING GOOD TIME!\" He yelled the last bit as me and Brooke were laughing at him. He waved us goodbye and took off on his board back the same way he came. \"RYAN CONNORS!\" We watched as Mrs. Bowser was back outside her room. Ryan turned to look before taking off faster down the hallway. Me and Brooke were by her locker watching the scene as Ryan had the eyes of the hallway on him. Everyone erupted in laughter as Ryan sped away with Mrs. Bowser chasing him. Ryan was the class clown and he would do anything if it meant he was getting attention and everyone to laugh. \"So Ryan and Peyton are having a Halloween party. Should be a lot of fun.\" Brooke said to me as she shut her locker. The late bell had just rang as I groaned knowing that I would be getting a lecture when I came in through the door. Brooke turned towards me as we walked in the opposite direction of the hall, towards my Biology class. Brooke's hand brushed against mine as she intertwined our fingers together. I held her hand in mine strongly as made our way down the hall. Brooke had her free track now so after she walked me to class, she would be heading towards the library to finish up her research essay. We stopped outside the door to my Biology class as I leaned against the wall, facing Brooke. \"I'll see you at lunch alright?\" She nodded to me as she stepped forward and kissed my cheek. Her lips lingered for a slight moment. \"I'll see you at lunch.\" Brooke turned and began to head towards the library. I stood outside the door until she had rounded the corner. I took a deep breath as I braced myself for the lecture that I was about to receive. I twisted the handle on the door as I walked in. \"Ah Miss North, how nice of you to finally join us. May I ask why you are tardy?\" Mr. King crossed his arms over his chest as I made my way to my seat at the double tables. I walked down the aisle as I felt the stares of my classmates on me. \"Too busy making out with all the lezzies in the school.\" Nick snickered under his breath as some of his friends began to laugh. I stopped in the aisle as I turned to my right, as Nick sat at his desk. He fist bumped his football buddy as he leaned back in his seat and smirked at me. \"At least I can actually get girls.\" I remarked to him as his face dropped. The class erupted into a wave of \"oooohhh's\" and \"burns\". I smirked back at him as I made my way to my seat in the back of the classroom. \"Alright, alright, that is enough!\" the teacher tried to regain control of the classroom as the noise died down. I set my books on the table as I slid into my chair as Mr. King had turned back to the board. \"So cheerleader, what are we doing today?\" I turned to my right as Christina was sitting in her chair scribbling down the notes on the board. She rolled her eyes at me as I smirked at her. \"Maybe you should be on time to class. You might know what's going.\" She said as she looked up to meet my eyes. I bit my lip at her as we looked at each other. Something about her had changed over the past few weeks. Gone were the days that we could talk about anything and laugh about nothing. Replaced, instead with sarcastic and bitter comments towards each other. It wasn't something I was used to and it threw my guard off. \"Maybe you could be a nice sister and explain it to me.\" I shot back at her. I watched as she smirked and shook her head, ridding her mind of whatever thoughts had crossed her mind. She sighed as she scooted her chair closer to me and slid her notebook over. With the closeness of ourselves, I could smell the sweet scent of her shampoo and her scent. God it was intoxicating, taunting me, daring me to get closer. Christina began to explain what I had missed. Mitosis phases. Microscopes. Slides. Her words were blurred as I couldn't focus on what she was saying, but by the way her lips moved as her words left them. I grew frustrated with myself. What was it about this girl that had me so drawn in that I couldn't control myself? Why her? Why Christina? Out of all people it had to be my 'sister'. I knew that I couldn't let myself do this, I couldn't let myself start to get pulled into it. I had begun to rebuild the walls that she tore down so easily. I didn't want to face the fact that she was with Nick and I didn't want to feel what she was making me feel… jealousy. I was back home from the hospital, mom and Frank had dropped me off and headed to the store after my protests that I was fine. I opened the door to mine and Christina's bedroom and was met with a sight that made me sick to my stomach. There, on Christina's bed, on Christina, was Nick. They broke apart instantly as Christina looked at me eye's wide, while Nick sat their smirking at me, proud that I had been the one to catch them. Brooke leaned over my shoulder to see what had stop me as she quickly looked away, her cheeks flushed red. Christina shifted on the bed as I turned back around. \" Nice.\" I said angrily as I turned around and slammed the door shut. Instantly, it felt like my whole body was on fire, I was hot all over my body and my jaw was clenched tightly. I started to walk away, I needed to get out of there. I made my way quickly down the stairs as I grabbed my jacket off the hook by the door. \" Phoebe where are you going?\" Brooke questioned me as she had followed me. She watched me as I put on my jacket and adjusted the collar. She looked at me, eyes full of concern, as I paused. Why was I reacting this way? Why was I angry? It hit me with such a force that I couldn't find the reason in my head as to why I was furious. Brooke broke my thoughts as she was now standing in front of me. I looked up from the ground at her and forced a smile on my face. I took the back of my hand as I brushed it against her cheek as she leaned into my touch and shut her eyes. I leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead. Brooke was concerned about me. Brooke cared about me. Brooke LOVED me. And I loved her too. Right? At that moment I heard footsteps on the stairs as I looked to see Christina and Nick. He still had that stupid grin on his face when he came into the foyer. Christina looked between us awkwardly as did Brooke. I smiled a sarcastic smile towards Nick. Much like the one I had become used to giving Christina last year when we didn't get along. I pulled Brooke into the living room as I walked over to the TV and began to turn on the DVD player. \" I gotta get going, I'm supposed to meet Jack at the movies later.\" I heard Nick tell Christina from the doorway. I looked up briefly to sit down on the couch beside Brooke when I caught Nick glancing at me. Much like what he did at the party, he leaned in towards Christina and kissed her. I clenched my jaw as I saw him put his hands on her waist. I threw myself down on the couch beside Brooke and put my legs up on the coffee table. I heard the front door open and close and the soft treads on the wooden floor as Christina walked into the kitchen. I couldn't help but subtly watch her. The slight sway of her hips with each step she took. She must have felt my gaze because once she reached the refrigerator she turned and caught me staring at her. She shot me a small smile as she proceeded on in the kitchen. Brooke put her legs up beside of mine and rested her head on my shoulder as the opening credits came on, as I tried to zone out and block out the dangerous thoughts that had started to creep into my head. \" Phoebe?\" \"Phoebe?\" I was brought out of my thoughts by Christina's voice as she looked at me expectantly. I shook my head as I scratched my temple. \"Were you even listening to me?\" She questioned as I could hear the hint of annoyance in her tone. \"Why are you with Nick?\" I blurted out before I had time to think. The question surprised both myself and Christina. She was caught off guard as she opened her mouth to answer me but nothing came out at first. \"I like him.\" She said. I didn't buy it. And by how it came out, neither did she. \"He makes me happy.\" \"Who are you trying to convince, me or you? I thought you might at least say something believable Christina.\" I told her as she knit her eyebrows together skeptically. \"If he makes you so happy, why were you crying your eyes out over him 2 nights ago?\" I asked her as she avoided my gaze. She looked down to her hands as she bit her lip. I thought I was just dreaming when I heard her first sniffle. It was late in the night, the moonlight shining lightly throughout our shared room. I was on my right side, facing the wall as I tried to sleep. At first I wasn't sure of what I'd heard, so I just laid still with my head against the pillow and listened. It came again a few seconds later, louder and accompanied by the damp sound of someone trying desperately to hold back the sob but failing. \"Christina?\" I whispered, disrupting the stillness and hush of the room. Two things happened at once. All measure of control Christina was trying to keep shattered, allowing a keening wail to escape her lips, and my heart broke. I threw my covers off and slid out of my bed and quickly went over to Christina's. Grabbing the edge of the first blanket, I lifted it and eased myself under, placing a hand against the flat of the blonde's back. At the touch, Christina's small frame shook harder as she scooted away, only to roll over and press her front as close to mine as physically possible. I instantly wrapped my arms around her and held her tightly. \"Hey, hey….It's okay.\" I murmured in a soothing tone, awkwardly managing to reach the blonde's hair with the hand of the arm that was around her neck and rhythmically stroking it. \"It's okay.\" I could feel Christina shaking, felt her damp tears get transferred from her cheek to the side of my neck as she burrowed herself closer until there was no space separating us at all. I froze for a few seconds, her actions catching me off my guard. Christina's hands clung to the material of the hoodie I was wearing and I could feel her blink against my neck, pushing out a fresh wave of tears. These were the worst kind of tears, they weren't loud pain filled ones, but silent heartbroken sobs. \" Christina what's wrong?\" I whispered softly. I could feel her trying to get her breath back as she started to settle down some. I felt her shuffle more towards me, not releasing my hold on her. She nuzzled her nose against my neck, as her soft breaths hit my neck. She stayed silent as we didn't move for a few minutes. We laid still, reveling in the comfort and warmth of each other as I rubbed her back soothingly. \" Nick.\" She said so quietly I almost missed it. Instantly I tensed up. HE was the cause of this? HE had caused this to happen? Nick had managed to tear down Christina so that she was openly sobbing in my arms. My jaw clenched tightly as I could feel my heart rate increase. \" What did he do?\" I demanded. She stayed silent again as I could feel the cogs in her head turning, thinking, processing. Slowly, she started to scoot away from me, but only barely. She started to wipe away some of the tears in her eyes. I quickly moved her hands out of the way as I took my thumb and brushed away the remaining tears. Her eyes weren't shinning their normal brightness, instead they were empty. She had leaned into my touch as she laid on her back. I propped myself up on my left elbow as I laid on my side. \" We got in a big fight today.\" She started. She looked down to my hand that was resting on my leg. She reached for it as she brought it over her stomach and held onto. She ran her fingers up and down my forearm a few times before settling to playing with my fingers. \"He- he tried to take things further, and I told him I wasn't ready to-\" She began as I listened to her closely. I was growing more angry at Nick the more I found out. He was a total douchebag and Christina had fallen for his tricks, just like I said she would. \" He got mad and said how I'm being a 'prude' and that everyone else would have done it by now.\" She continued as she scooted ever so closely to me so that my chest was pressed into her side. \"He said a few other things, but it's the fact that he reacted like that, you know?\" \" Christina you don't deserve that.\" I told her honestly as she looked up to my eyes. \"Nick is an asshole for saying those things to you. He had no right to push you into anything.\" I reached for her hand, entangling our fingertips and receiving a small squeeze of reassurance which I returned. \" I'm sorry for being such a bitch lately. I haven't been meaning to, honest. I think I just needed to be alone and everything and I took it out on anyone who was there. I'm sorry it was you Phoebe. You're always here for me and I continue to treat you like shit.\" She started as I saw tears start to form in her eyes again, threatening to fall. \" You're not a bitch Christina. I've been acting weird too, I don't know what's going on right now. But I'm always going to be here for you. I will ALWAYS be here. No matter what happens between us okay? Always.\" I promised her as I pulled her into me again. I wrapped my arms around her as I held her close. Being able to hold her like this…I never wanted to let her go. \" You should go to sleep.\" I rubbed my hand along her back as her eyes lids were starting to become heavy. \"If I sleep that means you have to go back to your own bed.\" Christina's voice was drowsy and she blinked in slow motion. I continued rubbing small circles on her back, feeling my own eyes sting from tiredness. \"Then I'll stay here 'til you fall asleep.\" We silently adjusted ourselves in the bed so that we both were comfortable. I laid on my back as Christina lifted her arm and reached to adjust the blankets, bringing them up closer to her neck before laying her head down on my chest. She shifted closer until our legs became intertwined. \"What about you?\" She asked through a yawn, finally letting her eyes glide, and remain, closed. \"Aren't you tired?\" \"I'll just lie her for a bit.\" I reassured her, fingers playing with the material of her shirt. What happened next though sent my pulse sky high and destroyed every wall I had built up to distance myself from her. I felt Christina's soft lips against my neck as she placed a light kiss on my pulse point. She lingered there briefly as her lips brushed against my skin. My skin felt like it was burning from where she had kissed me and I had to take slow breaths to calm my beating heart that I'm sure she could feel through my chest. And as soon as it happened, it was over and she was settled back into my arms. My mind screamed at me to stop what I was about to do. Screamed at me to get out her bed and run. Run from the feelings that I could feel begin to surface. Feelings that I had buried deep down. My body ignored my mind as I leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead. I shut my eyes as I let my lips linger longer than they should have. I could feel her smile as I ran my hands through her dirty blonde locks. I pulled away and removed my hand from her hair. Christina reached up for it however and interlaced our fingers at my side as she kept her eyes closed as we drifted off to sleep. \"Christina, I know you. This isn't you.\" I whispered as I reached out and put my hand over hers on the desk as I turned my body towards her. \"Since when did you let someone walk all over you? Where is the Christina that put up a fight for what she believed in? That defended herself?\" I questioned her as she lifted her head up to look at Nick, 3 tables in front of us. She stared at him as he and his buddy were laughing. \"I've changed.\" She told me as she pulled her hands away from mine, almost as if they burned her. She began to pack up her things as I noticed class was just about over. \"No. You haven't changed. Nick's changing you Christina.\" I told her as the bell rang. She stood up quickly as she threw her bad strap over her shoulder. She ignored me as she began to walk away from me, walking towards the door. I quickly got up and tried to squeeze through the bodies of students to catch up to her but she was already out the door. When I finally managed to get out of the classroom, Christina was halfway down the hall. I took of in a slight jog/run as I caught up to her. \"Christina wait-\" I reached out and grabbed above her elbow. I spun her around to me as we stood in the middle of the hallway, people walking around us, giving us dirty looks for blocking the hall. \"Phoebe stop!\" She yelled at me. She yanked her arm out of my grasp as we backed away from me. \"Just stay out of it okay?!\" It hurt hearing her words, but what hurt more was knowing what Nick was doing to her. \"Christina just listen-\" \"No. You listen to me. I'm fine, I'm a big girl and I can take care of myself.\" \"Why are you yelling at me? I'm trying to help-\" \"I didn't ask you to help me. I didn't ask for to be here. Just leave it alone Phoebe.\" She sighed the last words as she backed away from me and turned to continue to her next class. Our little 'fight' had attracted a few watchers as they whispered to themselves. I stood there watching her walk away as her words were burned into the back of my head.[Chapter 8] Hey guys, I was just curious as to if anybody was still reading this story? I have the rest of the story planned and the next chapter halfway typed, but I didn't know whether to even bother updating? So, if you ARE still reading this and would like and update with the rest of the story PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT! If no one is reading it, then I won't waste my time writing and updating it. Let me know if you would like it to continue. Thanks for the great support throughout this fic, you guys are awesome :)[Chapter 9] So guys this chapter is pretty angsty, but it's setting up for the party which I'm pretty sure you guys will like ;) Let me know what you think, I love hearing your opinions! Monday, October 27 1 week and 4 days later… HELEN POV \"Helen could you pass the bread this way please?\" Frank asked me from the other end of the long wooden table. All ten of us were sitting at the dining room table as we had prepared for a family dinner. Corn on the cob, hot dogs, hamburgers, tator tots, and bread and butter littered the table as various hands were reaching for the respective food. I passed the plate of bread to Ethan as he handed it down the line. All of the kids were talking to each other, telling about their days and their planned tomorrows. Who would have thought that they would actually be getting along with each other a year later? My heart swelled as I watched Aldo and Ethan talking about the new Rescue Heros that they both had gotten for their birthdays. Dylan had just thrown a tator tot towards William who caught it in his mouth as they both high-fived and started laughing. Frank and I smiled at each other at the interactions going on between the kids. Joni and Harry were engaged in a debate about something as they always were, but I couldn't hear what the topic was this night. I looked to my left as I saw Phoebe, absentmindedly playing with her food, her head low. She pushed around the tator tots on her plate with her fork as I frowned. Frank must have noticed the odd quietness of the two oldest girls, because he was watching Christina, who was a copy of Phoebe's movements. Their odd behavior had been going on for around a week or so now. It seemed that they were both keen on avoiding the other at all costs, which was strange considering that they had become attached at the hip over the past year. No longer was there giggling coming from their room, or movie nights in the living room, and now they had come to changing the seating arrangement at dinner. Normally, Frank and I sat at either end of the table. To my left would be Aldo, Phoebe, Christina, and Joni. To my right, Harry, Dylan, William, and Ethan sat at the other end by Frank. But about a week ago that changed. As we all piled into the living room, Phoebe sat down in William's spot. It had created a bit of confusion at first but everyone just let it be. So tonight at the table, Christina and Phoebe sat directly across from each other, dead quiet. Something had definitely happened between the two to cause such a rift between them. Just earlier this week, I had been doing loads of laundry they got into an argument over Christina wearing Phoebe's shirt. They had started sharing clothes about 3 months after both families had finally started to get along with each other, so whenever I did each of the kids' clothes, I just threw Christina's and Phoebe's in together. FLASHBACK \" Mom have you seen my tan jacket?!\" Phoebe yelled as she bounded down the stairs. I was currently throwing in a load of whites as my oldest daughter peeked around the door frame. \" No I haven't sweetie. Did you check the closet?\" I asked her as I picked up a basket of clean clothes and followed her out the doorway, through the kitchen and into the living room. I set down the basket on the ottoman. Phoebe had started to walk over to the closet that was in the entry way. I looked up as I heard the front door open and Christina walked in, wearing Phoebe's jacket. Phoebe stared at the girl before crossing her arms over her chest. \" Hey Christina, how was-\"I started but Phoebe cut me off. \" Why are you wearing my jacket?\" Phoebe questioned her as the words left her mouth rather harshly. Christina had just set her bag down as she looked up at Phoebe. \" Since when did we stop sharing?\" Christina put her hand on her hip, her face quizzical. I watched the interaction between the two of them as I continued to fold some clothes. \" Take it off.\" Phoebe ignored her question as she held out her hand, waiting for the offending object to be returned to her. I was a little shocked to see that Phoebe was in fact 100% serious about not wanting to share her clothes anymore. Christina glared at Phoebe and rolled her eyes as she began to take off the jacket. \" Wow Phoebe.\" Was all that left the blonde's lips as she pulled her arms out of the jacket and tossed it to Phoebe. Phoebe caught it and slid it on as she adjusted the collar and straightened it out. \" I'm going out.\" Phoebe said over her shoulder as she walked by Christina and out the door. The door slammed shut as Christina stood there staring at the door. She shook her head as she grabbed her bag and took off towards her room. She ran up the steps as I heard her door slam a few seconds later. I shook my head at the little incident and decided that it was just a bad day. That was last week. Today was Monday and it seemed that things were only getting worse. More fights and arguments were going on between them and now it appeared that they weren't on speaking terms. Maybe a round of the 'talking stick' after dinner would help resolve the issue. \"Phoebe how was your day sweetheart?\" I tried to get Phoebe to join in on the conversation as she remained staring at her plate. I caught sight of Christina in my peripheral vision as she raised her head just enough to gage Phoebe's response. \"Fine.\" Phoebe's said as she looked up at me and smiled. And just like that she was back to staring holes in her plate. Her smile was forced, it was an 'I don't want to talk about' smile. I contemplated pushing the subject by decided against it. FLASHBACK 4 days ago, October 23 rd \" Phoebe can I come in?\" I asked as my knuckles met the oak wood of the bedroom door. I heard the strumming of her guitar stop as her voice yelled that it was okay. I opened the door and saw Phoebe sitting at her desk in the corner of her side of the room. Her guitar was over her leg as she reached for a pen and began to write something down on the piece of paper. She took her pick out of her mouth as she began to strum a few chords together. I walked into the room and sat down on Christina's bed as I watched Phoebe. She was just like her father, her guitar, her music, was everything to her. I remember when she was barely older than 5 when he bought her her first guitar. He insisted that she learn earlier, but when in reality, he just wanted her to follow in his footsteps. Countless times I had come home to find him, Phoebe and Dylan sitting in the living room, playing songs for hours together. It was moments like those that I learned to cherish, moments that made me happiest. When Phillip died, Phoebe had stopped playing her guitar for a while, the memories of him playing with her all too painful. Dylan tried to break down the walls she had built up after that but he could only get so far before they were back up again. \" Your dad would be so proud of you sweetheart.\" I told her sincerely as I felt tears start to form in my eyes. Phoebe stopped playing as she turned to her left and looked out the bedroom window. I watched as her jaw clenched and she shut her eyes. I could tell she was trying to fight her tears but after so long of fighting, it looked as though she was about to finally let them fall. \" I miss him so much mom.\" She whispered to me as she took in a ragged breath of air. She set her guitar in the stand as the tears started to fall. \"I miss him so freaking much mom.\" She said again as the walls she had spent years building up came down. We met each other halfway across the room as I wrapped my arms around her, cradling her securely in my chest. She choked out so more sobs as I felt my own tears fall down my face. I moved us to sit on her bed as Phoebe put her face in my shoulder. I rubbed her back trying to soothe her as I whispered soft 'shhs'. \" He loved you more than life Phoebe.\" I told her a few minutes later as she stayed quiet. Her breathing started to return to normal as she leaned away from me. She wiped at her eyes, trying to compose herself. \" Yeah…I know.\" She nodded as she avoided my gaze and went back to her desk, putting her walls back up. WILLIAM POV \"So Admiral, Helen…I was wondering if I could bring Nick over for dinner sometime this week?\" Me and Dylan both raised our eyebrows as Christina looked to the Admiral. I looked to me left as Christina was twiddling her fork nervously, waiting for their response. \"This Nick, is your boyfriend?\" The Admiral asked skeptically, he looked down the table to Helen to see her reaction. \"Yeah he is, I've been wanting to introduce him to you guys to him for a while now.\" Christina added quietly. I was impressed that she had the courage to tell the Admiral about Nick. We had both made it an unspoken agreement to not mention our relationships at home, due to the fact that we were used to the Admiral going through back ground checks on the person we were seeing. I was thankful that Helen was able to help lower the level of discipline that we had become so used to. Helen instilled a motherly sense in all of us, the Admiral included. She allowed us to open up more, express ourselves more, and talk about how we were feeling and what bothered us. \"I'm sure that anyone who is special enough for you to want to meet us is a good individual.\" The Admiral said as he took a drink. I heard Christina let out a sigh of relief at the same time that Phoebe let out a chuckle. I looked across the table as Phoebe was smirking to herself. I felt myself too, start to laugh at the Admiral's choice of words. I tried to silence mine laughs with my napkin as I found myself grinning. Nick was by all means, not an individual that the Admiral would approve of and the fact that Christina wanted him to meet the Admiral was astounding. Nick was immature and treated Christina poorly and everyone could see it, expect Christina. \"Is something funny?\" Christina asked as she shot daggers at Phoebe. Her tone of voice dared anyone to answer her, but Phoebe was never one to back down from confrontation. Phoebe looked to Christina as she rolled her eyes. \"Nothing Cheerleader, just can't wait for everybody to meet Nick.\" Phoebe smirked at Christina as Christina continued to glare at her. Phoebe was still smirking as she took a sip of her water, pleased with herself. Unknowingly however, that she had released the flood gates. \"So how's Brooke by the way? Didn't you guys have something you needed to tell the family too?\" I almost spit out my food as the words left Christina's mouth. The silence in the room was deafening as I looked between the two. Phoebe's jaw had dropped and her mouth was literally in an 'o' shape as she was completely caught off guard from Christina's remark. I watched as her mouth open and closed, trying to think of something to say and failing. \"Christina.\" Dylan spoke up as his voice was stern, cutting through the tension building in the room, trying to signal to Christina to drop the subject. He was staring at Christina with a frightening look, which honestly even intimidated me. \"Phoebe is there something we need to know?\" the Admiral asked confused as he waited for the brunette to answer. \"No. Everything is perfect.\" Phoebe looked back at Christina, her face showing how hurt she had been by what Christina had said. \"I'm not feeling too well...I'm just gonna-\" She pointed to upstairs as she set her napkin down on the table and got up. I looked beside me to Christina who was following Phoebe with her eyes. As soon as Phoebe was out of sight, Christina cleared her throat and looked down to her hands in her lap. Everyone looked around at each other confused as to what had just happened. I knew what I should do as an 'older brother', but I knew I had to do it because I needed to let Phoebe know that I was there for support. Sure, me and Phoebe butted heads, all of us kids had at some point. But something had seriously happened between Christina and Phoebe for them to be this nasty to one another. I felt like an ass ever since the night of the party when I saw her and Brooke together. I remember what we had said to each other that night and I regretted my actions. \"I'm gonna make sure she's alright.\" I said as I excused myself. I quickly left the table before I could see how everyone else would react. Taking the steps 2 at a time, I was outside of Phoebe and Christina's room as I didn't hear any music coming from the room, which told me that Phoebe was seriously hurt. There was ALWAYS some type of music being played from their room, whether it be from Phoebe playing her guitar or music blasting from her speakers. I knocked at the door silently, as I waited. \"Go away.\" Came her response as I rolled my eyes and laughed, I should have known to expect that from her. Ignoring her request, I began to turn the knob and come inside. Phoebe looked up from where she had been sitting on her bed. I smiled nervously towards her as I shut the door. \"Did you not hear me? I said to go away.\" She said again with more annoyance in her voice. She crossed her arms over her chest as she eyed me curiously. She was leaning against the wall as I sat on the foot of her bed. \"Look I know we haven't always seen eye to eye on alo-\" \"More like anything.\" She interrupted me as I took a breath to compose myself. \"Okay hardly anything. But I just wanted to let you know that I'm sorry about what I said about you at the party the other night. About threatening to tell everyone about you and Brooke. It was a dick move and I regret it. I just wanted you to know that I'm here if you need to talk or anything okay?\" I finished my little speech as she remained silent and looked anywhere in the room but at me. I nodded silently, moving to leave her alone like she had asked. As I reached for the handle she stopped me. \"Wait! Thank you William…I' – I don't know what to say honestly, I was never expecting you to say that.\" She said sheepishly as she stood and put her hands in the back of her jeans pockets. \"People are full of surprises if you let them in Phoebe.\" I told her sincerely. \"Yeah apparently…\" She mumbled as she looked away once again. I watched her jaw clench as I saw unshed tears start to form in her eyes. \"I don't know why Christina said that Phoebe, I really don't. I never, EVER thought that she would pull something like that.\" I told her. \"Yeah me either.\" She said quietly as breathed out a chuckle and shook her head, \"so stupid.\" \"Look, I'm not trying to defend her, but I honestly don't think Christina meant to hurt you.\" Phoebe scoffed at my words as we both sat down on her bed. \"Yeah right, you heard her say it William, there was pure venom in her voice.\" She argued as I shook my head. \"What happened between you two? Seriously like you guys were attached at the hip and now you can't even sit beside each other at dinner, let alone talk to each other. You're throwing insults at each other left and right and acting like you did when we first moved in, if not worse.\" \"I really don't want to talk about it William. Not right now.\" She told me as she ran her hands through her hair and. \"I don't know what's going on right now either.\" We stayed quiet for a few moments when Phoebe laughed. \"You know, we'd actually get along pretty good if we just hung out more and stopped judging each other.\" Phoebe told me as she smiled at me. I returned it as we both laughed. \"Yeah well who else would I have to fight with? Dylan isn't as much as a smart ass as you.\" I teased her, trying to lighten the mood. She laughed as she hit my arm lightly and rolled her eyes.\" \"Touche.\"[Chapter 10] Day of the Party, Friday October 31 PHOEBE POV \"Alright so we're gonna have Scotty DJ at the party when we're not playing, so that covers the music. Tonight is going to be fucking insane.\" Ryan threw his hands up on the last part as Dylan, Peyton, Brooke and myself started to laugh at his enthusiasm. I rolled my eyes as I rested my hands out in front of me on the lunch table. \"So what songs are we going to do tonight? I think we should play a couple of 5 Seconds of Summer's songs from their new album, its genius.\" Dylan spoke up from my left, the others agreed as they fell into a discussion of which songs should be played from the album. I felt soft hands brush against mine as Brooke moved to intertwine our hands. I sighed as I looked down at ours hands. Guilt. That's all that I felt. Things hadn't been the same between us for a while now and it was starting to feel like our relationship was crashing towards the ground. And it was all my fault, I was the sole reason that it was getting harder between us. I knew the reason of why it was starting to harder too…Christina. I realized that I'm in love with my sister. It all made sense to me now. The way our hugs lasted just a bit longer than what would be 'normal', the touchiness and closeness that was always present when it was just the two of us, the lingering looks that we exchanged with each other. It all fit together like pieces to a puzzle now. The way my heart would flutter when she was near me, the way my mind was constantly filled with thoughts of her when she wasn't with me. I found myself constantly feeling protective of her, watching out for her, and I couldn't help it. I felt like an addict; the way I needed her, the way I craved her. And no matter how much time we spent together, no matter how long the time since I'd last seen her, I couldn't get enough of her. It was like a blood rush straight to my head when I thought of her, an injection to my heart. I felt her in my veins. She was like my own, personal brand of heroin. FLASHBACK 1 month ago… The whole family had piled into the living room tonight as it was deemed 'family movie night'. Aldo and Ethan were sitting in their bean bag cushions that we had brought down. Joni and Harry sat on the floor in front of the TV, beside of the little ones. Behind them, we moved all the couches to face the TV. The 3 seater couch in the middle, with the loveseat on one side and the recliner on the other. Me and Christina had taken up the loveseat while Frank, Helen, and William occupied the couch with Dylan claiming the recliner for himself. Movies that were skewed across the coffee table included: The Amazing Spider-Man, Paranorman, and Cheaper by the Dozen (which we all had laughed about the irony of). Various bowls of popcorn, snacks, and drinks were also making their way from the kitchen to the living room as everyone settled down as the movie began. First one up was The Amazing Spider-Man and I was glad; get my choice out of the way and then sit on my phone the rest of the time. Halfway through the movie I took notice of how Christina had slowly had started to move her body closer to mine. Centimeter by centimeter, she scooted closer towards me until our legs brushed against each other. Christina curled her legs under herself so that she was leaning into my right side. I felt the heat rise in my cheeks from the closeness of her and subtly took a glance around the room to see if anyone had noticed our current position. Everyone was engaged in the movie as I stole a glance at the screen and saw Spider-Man saving the boy from the burning car on the bridge. All I could focus on was how Christina's hand had drifted to my leg. The movie on the screen was completely forgotten as her fingers lightly ran up and down my thigh drawing circles and patterns. The tingles that radiated through me caused a loss of all control of my body, as I leaned in even closer towards the blonde. The shift in movement however caused her fingers to stop their efforts and I let a sigh of disappointment. I threw my head backwards in frustration against the couch and gazed up at the ceiling praying that this torture would soon be over. My head snapped back down however when I felt light, thin fingers sneaking their way into mine. Chancing a look at Christina, I swear the girl looked unaware of what she was doing. A light squeeze and her thumb stroking the back of my hand made me think otherwise and I looked up from our hands and back to her beautiful face as she was already looking at me. Christina's brown eyes went back to the screen, but the small smile splayed across her face remained. Unsure of what the heck was going on, I nervously gave the blonde's hand a soft squeeze of encouragement and forced myself to stare at the screen in front of me. Almost instantly, I was rewarded as Christina brought her thumb in between our hands and began to tenderly caress my palm. My breathing definitely starting to get harder to do as the small touches were starting to drive me crazy. Warmth spread throughout my entire body and I had to bite her lower lip in order to refrain from letting any noises out. I mentally cursed myself for the reactions I was having towards my sister. I tried to subtly slide my hand out of Brooke's but it didn't work. \"Let's play all the songs that we've been practicing and we'll throw in some 5 Seconds of Summer too.\" I told the group as I could feel Brooke's eyes on mine as I crossed my arms over my chest. \"Better yet let's practice that new song we've been working on. I really like it, even though it's not gonna get played tonight.\" \"Yeah alright, we should perform it more often at our gigs, your voices are perfect for this song.\" Dylan told me and Ryan. Dylan and I got our guitars out of the cases on the ground as Peyton cleared space on the table to drum. I could still feel Brooke's eyes on me as I tuned the guitar real quick. \"Phoebe…\" She started as she placed a hand on my forearm, halting my actions. I squeezed my eyes shut, I wasn't ready to have the conversation with her. The 'what's happening to us' conversation. The 'pre-break up' conversation. The conversation when I would break her heart. \"You guys ready?\" Peyton asked as we all nodded. I heard Brooke sigh from beside me as she released my arm. CHRISTINA POV I sat at the lunch table, leaning back against the chair with my arms crossed over my chest. Thoughts of Phoebe clouded my mind. It had been Phoebe was always watching out for me, protecting me. She was always making sure I was okay and she always kept me balanced. \"Christina! Helloooooooo?\" My thoughts were interrupted when I was hit with a grape, Nick brought me out of my thoughts as he waved his hand in front of my face. \"Sorry.\" I muttered as I leaned forward. \"You were way out of it.\" Nick laughed at me as he and his football buddies joined in. I forced a smile as I tried to take my mind away from earlier. And every whisper, it's the worst, Emptied out by a single word There is a hollow in me now I turned swiftly in my chair to find the voice. To find her voice. I looked towards the front of the room as I saw Phoebe strumming her guitar with Dylan. Peyton was drumming on the table as Ryan was singing back up with Phoebe. They sat on the steps of cafeteria, away from everyone else. Phoebe had her back to me as Peyton and Ryan sat across from her, Dylan sat to Phoebe's left and Brooke was on her right. I watched as they all had their eyes closed and were engrossed in the music that they were making. They were in their own little world, and failed to notice that they had started to attract a small crowd of students. So I put my faith in something unknown, I'm living on such sweet nothing. But I'm trying to hope with nothing to hold, I'm living on such sweet nothing. Phoebe's voice had me mesmerized as I couldn't break away from staring at her. Her voice was angelic, and sounded amazing, especially with this song. I had heard this song coming from Phoebe's speakers a few days ago and now it sounded even better as it was sung from her lips. She strummed the guitar as Ryan joined in with her, backing her vocals. Everyone in the cafeteria was watching them intently, including the teachers, as they continued their little 'performance'. And it's not enough To tell me that you care When, we both know the words are empty air You give me nothing Phoebe sang out the last of the song as Dylan came to an end on the guitar. Everyone in the room began to clap and cheer as some walked over to talk to them. I watched at the quartet as they all broke out into smiles at the unexpected applause. I could barely see Phoebe through the crowd as she began to become blocked from my view. I watched as Peyton caught my gaze. We stared at each other briefly before Peyton leaned over to Phoebe and whispered in her ear. Phoebe pulled back away from Peyton as she turned her head in my direction. Brown met brown as our eyes locked on each other's. We stared at each other for what felt like minutes when in reality it was only for a few seconds. Neither of us tried to force a smile as we stood there, waiting for the other to react. \"Who the fuck sings in the middle of lunch?\" Nick suggested as he rolled his eyes, annoyed. Just then, almost as if fate hated me, Brooke was on Phoebe's arm, kissing her on the cheek. Phoebe's face flushed red as our eyes broke and we both turned to our significant others. \"It was actually really good Nick.\" I argued with him as I turned back around. \"Yeah if you like your ears bleeding.\" Nick snickered as he high-fived some of his buddies. I rolled my eyes at him and his ignorance. With my mind made up, I collected my things and stood up as I had had enough of him. \"Where are you going?\" Nick asked me as his face dropped. \"Away from you and your douchebag 'friends'.\" All of the guys rolled their eyes and muttered various words at me; 'bitch', 'slut', etc. I didn't really care at that point, I grabbed my bag as I turned and started to head towards the doors to the quad. I was halfway across the room when I heard Nick yell. \"Come on Christina! Take a joke!\" He yelled as eyes started to wonder in our direction. The quiet clicking of my short heels started to echo in the room as I ignored him and continued on my way. I knew that we were making a scene, I could feel the various eyes of students on me. I looked to my right as I saw William sitting with his group of friends, text books open on the table. I chuckled at how, even during lunch break, he was still studying something. Ever the over-achiever. I kept walking as I approached the front of the lunch room, about 15 feet from Phoebe and her friends. I heard footsteps behind me as Nick was by my side. \"Christina, wait.\" He demanded as we both stopped. I sighed as I turned to face him. His green eyes looked to me as he scratched the back of his neck. \"I'm sorry. I just- I don't know, that's how the guys act.\" He told me as I released a sarcastic laugh. I shook my head as I was becoming more annoyed at him by the second. \"So you act like a dick because your friends think it's cool?\" I asked him as his jaw clenched and his gaze hardened. \"Since when did you have a problem with how me and my friends act?\" He questioned, his tone containing traces of anger in it. \"Ever since you started talking shit about my family. News-flash: all your friends are douchebags.\" I spat at him as the room had become quiet. I crossed my arms over my chest as I waited for him. \"Yeah and all your 'friends' are the sluts of the school.\" Nick muttered under his breath. I glared at him as I turned on my heel and started to walk away from him. \"Hey!\" Nick yelled at me as I felt him grab above my elbow and spin me back around to him. I winced from the amount of pressure he was using as he didn't let go. \"I'm not done talking.\" He said through his teeth. \"Nick let go of me.\" I whispered. I tried to speak with a firm voice, but I couldn't swallow the fear as it came out. \"Listen, I don't know what's gotten into you lately, but don't you think that you can embarrass me in front of my friends.\" He hissed as me, pulling me even closer so that our faces were close. \"I suggest you take my hands off my sister before I break them.\" I looked behind Nick as I saw William jogging towards us. He stopped in front of Nick as Nick let go of me and turned to him. Nick and William were square to each other and eye to eye. I felt a hand placed on my lower back as Peyton was by my side, watching Nick with hawk eyes. \"Is there a problem here Willy?\" Dylan appeared in front of me protectively as Nick turned back around to us. He was cornered if he dared to try and start anything. Peyton was still by my side, her right arm wrapped around my shoulders as her left rubbed up and down my left arm. She continued to comfort me as Dylan and William were in 'protective older brother' mode and I couldn't be more thankful for it right now. \"There's nothing to worry about, everything's fine here. Right Christina?\" Nick looked to me, his eyes telling me to go along with him. I swallowed the lump in my throat as I decided to finally stand up for myself against him. \"I think you should go Nick.\" I told him, this time with more authority in my voice. Nick's eyebrows rose as William smirked back to Nick. \"Christina-\" \"I'm done Nick. I'm done having you talk bad about my family, I'm done having you walk all over me all of the time, and I'm done dating a douchebag.\" I told him as Peyton hugged me closer. If it was possible, Nick's eyeballs grew 2x their normal size. He looked from me to Peyton, to Dylan, and then he looked behind me and his whole demeanor changed completely. His eyebrows creased in anger and if looks could kill, whoever he was glaring at would be 6 feet under. I frowned as I turned to look over my right shoulder. There stood Phoebe and Ryan, both watching the scene in front of them. Phoebe was giving Nick the same look that Nick was giving her as Ryan patted her on the back. This seemed to help Phoebe relax as her shoulders dropped slightly and I watched as she unclenched her fist. Ryan told her something I couldn't hear as she nodded and they both turned around. \"This isn't over Christina, we can talk later.\" Nick muttered as he made his way out of the circle we all had formed around him. William and Dylan watched him walk out of the cafeteria as he slammed the door against the wall. I looked back to my brothers as they both came up to me asking if I was okay. I nodded as I pulled them both into a hug and thanked them as they promised to 'break his face in' if Nick bothered me again. I turned to Peyton as I thanked her sheepishly. \"It's not a problem Christina. More people care about you than you think.\" She added more meaning to the second sentence as she walked back to her table with Dylan. I stood still, taking in her words. I turned on the spot as she was talking to Brooke, Phoebe and Dylan were putting away their guitars as Ryan joined in the conversation with Peyton and Brooke. I ran Peyton's words over and over again as I watched Phoebe. \" More people care about you than you think.\" Maybe Peyton was right. I shouldn't have yelled at Phoebe for just making sure I'm alright. After all, it's what friends and/or sisters do, right? Phoebe treated me the same way she treated Peyton right? I knew they were lies. All of them. We're not friends . Phoebe knew me like no one else did. She understood me and I understood her just as equally. We could read each other and we just fit like puzzles pieces. If we hadn't spent so much time the first few months of our parents new marriage fighting, we would have realized how great we got along as friends. But that's just it… We're not friends. Friends don't sleep in the same bed. Friends don't snuggle closer to each other in the middle of the night when they think the other is asleep. They didn't link hands with each other when they watch movies. They didn't try to sit in each other's laps because the idea of not touching each other was crazy. Friends don't treat me the way Phoebe does. The way she watches it me. I've noticed it for a while now. She is always making sure that I'm okay, the intense look she gives me is like she is willing to take a bullet for me. The silent way she asks if I'm okay, to which I give her a subtle look or nod. Maybe it's her instinct, being the oldest of the North kids, to look after me. But it doesn't feel that way. It doesn't feel like she thinks of me as a 'responsibility'. She knows I can take care of myself. But rather, she feels safer checking up on me herself. We're not friends. I realized that I had been staring. I had been staring at Phoebe as she filled my thoughts. She must have sensed it because in that moment, she looked up at me. I didn't try to cover up the fact that I had been staring at her. I didn't try to turn away either. The way her eyes looked to me, I felt like she could see into my soul. Those chocolate eyes it seemed were reading my thoughts, which if spoken, would ruin everything. Those eyes that I had grown to fall a little bit for each and every day I saw them, were looking right back into mine as I felt frozen in place. We're not friends. We couldn't be friends. We couldn't be friends for one reason and one reason only. I was in love with her. ","Summary":" Christina/Phoebe A/N: Slight differences from movie: 1) Phoebe is less girly than she was in the mo"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Perte de repères","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7819393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Une fiction qui me trottait dans la tête depuis pas mal de temps… Ne sachant avec qui le mettre, j'ai hésité à l'écrire puis à force de réfléchir, j'ai trouvé une personne idéale ! Bonne lecture ! « Hors de tout » : Le soleil était très haut dans un ciel sans nuages. Un jeune homme brun, allongé sur un trottoir, se redressa vivement et jeta un regard hagard et désorienté autour de lui. Il se massa la nuque, grimaçant de douleur et une lueur inquiète assombrit ses yeux quand il vit du sang tacher sa main. Il se palpa la nuque avec minutie et jura entre ses dents, sous un élancement de douleur. Il examina les environs, perplexe et intrigué par le silence et l'absence d'habitants. Puis, l'architecture des bâtiments, ainsi que leur état de délabrement avancé, le choqua et attisa sa curiosité. Son instinct de limier l'avertit d'un potentiel danger dans ce quartier presque en ruine et visiblement déserté par ses habitants. L'homme fronça des sourcils, tentant de se souvenir de ce qu'il avait précédemment dans la journée. Des fragments d'images lui vinrent à l'esprit et le cerveau analysa ces informations. Au fur et à mesure que les images étaient décodées, le jeune brun pâlit atrocement et promenait des regards éperdus et effrayés sur les immeubles et les rues sans véhicule. L'absence d'activité humaine ne correspondait nullement aux souvenirs que le brun avait gardé de sa journée et un frémissement parcourut tout le corps svelte et sportif du jeune homme : Quelque chose de sinistre émanait de ces murs et une menace sous-jacente suintait du quartier à l'abandon. Un vertige le prit quand le brun se rendit compte de l'absurdité et de l'impossibilité de cette situation. Vingt minutes auparavant, lui, son équipe et une escouade d'intervention avaient défoncé un hangar et investissaient les lieux d'un trafic de drogue. Son gilet et son uniforme l'attestaient, ainsi que sa plaque et son arme de service. Mais alors, où étaient son équipe et la brigade d'intervention ? Mais surtout, où était-il ? Et pourquoi cette impression de menace insidieuse ancrée en lui ? Le brun aperçut des silhouettes qui se mouvaient à une vingtaine de mètre de lui et saisissant son arme, il le braqua dans leur direction. « -Eh, les mecs ! S'écria un des adolescents de la bande, hilare. Tu as vu l'antiquité ? Jamais vu ça ! » Leur curiosité sérieusement « piquée », les cinq adolescents se mirent à siffler en dévisageant l'homme et son uniforme. Ils tournèrent autour de lui, dans le but de l'encercler mais l'homme devina leurs intentions et se recula, se préparant une retraite. Il fut saisi de malaise en voyant leur mine insolente, froide et dure et leur peu d'appréhension devant son arme. Une chose « clochait » : La vision d'un agent de l'Etat aurait du décourager tout initiative de ce gang et les faire détaler. Ou à défaut, causer une frayeur de s'attaquer à un agent en fonction. « -Un riche qui se serait perdu ici ? Supposa un autre plus petit et roux, d'une voix avide et féroce. Pas de chance ! Tu es sur notre territoire. La loi c'est nous ! » Braquant le canon de son arme, d'une manière dissuasive, le jeune brun déclara : « -La Loi, c'est moi et ma plaque qui la représentons. Alors, si tu tiens à ne pas avoir d'ennui, tu dégages. Avec tes potes. C'est clair ? » Des rires moqueurs et effrontés lui répondirent et le décontenancèrent. Le petit roux fit un clin d'œil et lança : « -Mais tu te crois où avec ton accoutrement ridicule ? Ici, c'est notre territoire et tu vas l'apprendre. » Sur cette menace, il siffla et l'homme vit émerger des immeubles un attroupement de jeunes armés de matraques de fer. Sans attendre d'en voir plus, il se mit à courir dans la direction opposée. A la clameur derrière lui, il comprit que le gang se lançait à sa poursuite. Enjambant des murets, franchissant des tas de rues défoncées, le jeune homme courait désespérément. Des carcasses de voitures brûlées l'intriguaient mais il n'avait pas le temps de s'attarder dessus. Il entendait ses poursuivants se rapprocher de plus en plus et il désespérait de trouver du secours. Mais où était la police ? Rien ne semblait marcher dans ce quartier et il n'y avait aucune trace de cabine téléphonique. Epuisé, à bout de souffle, il s'adossa à un mur d'une boutique en ruine et commença à faire feu, sans conviction. Des balles atteignirent leurs cibles mais cela n'arrêtait pas les autres membres qui, sans pitié, piétinaient les blessés. L'arme fut à court de munitions et le jeune brun leva les yeux au ciel, murmura une prière et ferma les yeux, résigné. Soudain, des sirènes retentirent et une patrouille de police arriva sur les lieux. Le jeune brun, soulagé, voulut se précipiter vers ses confrères mais ceux-ci, des fusils à la main et casqués, l'ignorèrent et se mirent en rang serré, faisant face au gang. Un détail frappa le jeune homme qui scrutait attentivement les uniformes et les voitures de la police. Des initiales revenaient souvent : L'OCP. Et le nom d'une ville, Détroit. « -Eh, vous ! Le héla une jeune femme, casqué et lourdement armée. Ne restez pas là ! Si vous voulez vivre ! » Le jeune brun, abasourdi par les uniformes et leurs boucliers futuristes, ne se fit pas prier et assista, médusé, à une fusillade en règle entre les forces de l'ordre et le gang. Celui-ci s'était organisé et barricadé derrière des fenêtres et des vitrines de magasins. « -Mince ! Jura la jeune femme, énervée par la résistance du gang. Où es-tu passé, mon cher partenaire ? » Dans un crissement assourdissant de pneus sur le l'asphalte, une voiture, au design sportif et aux lignes simples, stoppa devant le rang des policiers qui cessèrent de tirer. Le jeune brun, pétrifié, les yeux écarquillés, vit la portière s'ouvrir sur…Un robot ! Les yeux exorbités, il suivit cet agent hors du commun du regard et le vit se planter devant les immeubles où se « planquaient » le gang. « -Il était temps, Murphy. Fit la jeune femme, en abaissant son fusil. Tu faisais quoi ? » Le robot ne l'écouta pas et remuant sa tête dans toutes les directions, repéra ses cibles et ses angles d'attaque. Sans crier gare, il brandit une arme surgie de sa cuisse et visa rapidement. Des cris de douleurs signifièrent que le robot avait atteint ses cibles. Ce que voyant, les policiers se ruèrent à l'assaut des membres restants. « -Toujours aussi efficace, mon « vieux Robocop ». Complimenta la jeune femme, en lui tapotant sur l'épaule. Tu te chargeras de notre rapport ? » Robocop rangea son arme et fit : « -Tu peux compter sur moi, Lewis. Retournons au QG. » N'attendant pas le consentement de sa partenaire de terrain, il marcha en direction de sa voiture blindée. Subitement, il se figea et son regard se porta sur le jeune brun qui ne le quittait pas des yeux. Scannant le visage du jeune homme, il fit appel à sa base de données et des photos virtuelles de criminels défilèrent sous ses yeux. Aucunes ne correspondaient à l'inconnu. Le robot se dirigea vers l'homme qui ne put réprimer un frisson de crainte à son approche. « -Qui êtes-vous, monsieur ? » Demanda Robocop, avec courtoisie. Hypnotisé par les traits humains du robot dont on n'apercevait que les lèvres, les joues et le nez, le jeune brun ne pensa pas à répondre. Puis reprenant ses esprits, il balbutia, d'une voix pleine de désarroi : « -Je suis l'agent fédéral Don Epps. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 2] Donald Eppes est dans le Détroit futuriste d'un policier cybernétique. Que va-t-il lui arriver ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 2 : Les policiers vinrent à bout de la résistance des derniers membres du gang et les emmenaient à l'arrière de leurs voitures, bien menottés et minutieusement dépouillés de leurs armes. Don était sidéré par l'âge très jeune de certains et leurs mines blasées et amères. Lisa Madigan , au nom donné par l'agent fédéral, se retourna vivement et le dévisagea prestement de la tête au pied. « -Eppes ? Fit-elle, intéressée. Eppes de la famille d'Edward Eppes ? » L'expression étonnée et déconcertée de Don répondit pour lui et indécise, la jeune femme consulta le policier cybernétique, du regard. Celui-ci interrogea son fichier des personnes disparues : Aucunes ne concernaient un Donald Eppes. « -Vous allez devoir venir avec nous. Annonça Robocop, d'un ton autoritaire. Vous ne paraissez pas être celui que vous prétendez être. Madigan, je l'emmène avec moi. » La détective fronça des sourcils, intrigué et resongea à la raison de leur intervention dans cette zone dangereuse. Un appel anonyme était parvenu au standard du commissariat, les informant qu'un homme était en danger de mort. La jeune femme prit à part son partenaire et lui confia la conclusion à laquelle elle était arrivée : « -C'est lui qu'on devait sauver. Suggéra-t-elle, en jetant un furtif coup d'œil vers le brun. As-tu réussi à identifier la personne qui a appelé, Alex ? » Robocop resta silencieux un moment et ouvrant la portière passagère de sa voiture, il répliqua : « -Non, je n'ai pu trianguler l'appel. Veuillez monter, monsieur Eppes. » Don ne bougea pas. Enervé des messes basses des deux policiers le concernant, il déclara : « -Je suis un agent fédéral des Etats-Unis, Donald Eppes. Il me semble que j'ai droit à des explications. Ce tas de ferraille n'a pas d'ordre à me donner. » Lisa Madigan se mordilla la lèvre inférieure, choquée du qualificatif usé à l'égard de son coéquipier. Don comprit trop tard la mise en garde muette de la jeune femme. Robocop l'empoigna et le menotta pendant qu'il lui signifiait ses droits et son arrestation. « -Que fait-on de lui ? Demanda Lisa, en regardant un écran de télévision. Je ne sais pas pourquoi mais mon instinct me souffle que cet homme est l'un des nôtres. Tu as trouvé quelque chose sur lui ? » Sur l'écran de télévision, Don, assis à une table de la salle d'interrogatoire, manifestait des signes d'impatience. Robocop lui accorda un regard et consulta la liste de citoyens de Delta City qui parut sur la vitre de sa visière. « -Ne vous fatiguez pas, Murphy. Fit leur capitaine, en les rejoignant. Le problème est réglé. Je vous présente Edward Eppes. » Un jeune homme, en costume cravate de bonne coupe, aux boucles brunes et courtes, les yeux bleus, sourit à Lisa Madigan qui reconnut le président directeur général de « Tecbiologie ». Il salua aussi Robocop avec beaucoup de déférence et de respect : « -Je suis heureux de pouvoir serrer la main du célèbre policier Alex Murphy. Votre taux de résolution d'affaire est prodigieux. Je suis admiratif devant votre courage et votre intégrité. » Lisa apprécia l'humilité de cet homme du monde et le fait qu'il traitait Robocop comme un agent de police normal. Le policier cybernétique demeura stoïque et récupérant sa main, il dit : « -Je ne fais que mon travail. » Edwards Eppes n'eut qu'un sourire de sympathie à la réponse laconique et dépourvue d'émotion de Robocop. Puis sans attendre une minute de plus, il pénétra dans la salle d'interrogatoire. Don s'efforçait de maitriser sa panique et d'analyser la situation, aussi logiquement et froidement que l'aurait fait Charlie. Après un café et une légère collation offerte par la police de Delta City, le jeune agent fédéral avait récupéré ses facultés de réflexion. Il acceptait mieux une réalité à laquelle il était confronté : Il ne s'agissait nullement d'un canular et le monde tel qu'il le connaissait n'était pas celui où il se trouvait. Delta City était réel. Robocop était réel. Refuser d'admettre ce fait faisait vaciller l'esprit du jeune brun vers la folie. Folie d'où il n'en sortirait pas de sitôt. Or, pour sa survie, il fallait que Don resta capable de distinguer le vrai du faux. Il le devait. « -Bonjour, Don. » Fit une voix, sobrement. Don sursauta et observa le jeune homme qui venait de s'installer face à lui, perplexe. Il le détailla lentement et soudain, il écarquilla les yeux. Il ouvrit la bouche mais Edwards, impassible, lui prit ses mains et y glissa discrètement un papier. « -Je suis Edwards Eppes. Se présenta le jeune homme, avec un sourire. Ta passion t'a conduit dans une zone dangereuse. Heureusement, la police est intervenue à temps ! » D'un clignement des yeux, Edwards fit comprendre à Don de ne pas démentir. L'intuition de Don lui dictait de suivre ce conseil et de lui donner toute sa confiance à cet inconnu. Ce dernier semblait en savoir plus sur lui et le mystère de sa présence ici. Dépliant ses mains, les mettant devant ses yeux, il lut le papier : « Jouez le jeu, Don. » « Je suis désolé pour ces tracas. Répondit Don, en feignant d'être contrit. Je me suis perdu. » Edwards sourit, approbateur et se levant, il ouvrit la porte de sortie. « -Rentrons chez nous, cousin Donnie. Proposa-t-il, en tenant la porte. Je pense que vous avez besoin de repos après toutes ces émotions. » Don le suivit hors de la salle, vit Lisa Madigan et son air suspicieux et Robocop qui regagnait sa voiture. Il le fixa, avec un mélange de fascination et d'émerveillement. L'intéressé, totalement indifférent à l'attention dont il faisait l'objet, démarra en trombe. Arrachant un sourire admiratif et impressionné de la part de Don. Montant dans une limousine, le jeune agent s'installa en face d'Edwards. S'assurant qu'ils étaient loin du commissariat, Don brandit son arme sur Edwards Eppes et l'air déterminé, il ordonna : « -Maintenant, vous allez me dire qui vous êtes et pourquoi toutes ces manigances, tout à l'heure. » Edwards Eppes leva les mains dans un geste apaisant et avec désinvolture, lança : « -Charlie Eppes est mon grand-père. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 3] Edward Eppes est le petit-neveu de Charlie le frère de Don. Que s'est-il donc passé pour que Don se retrouve dans une époque autre que la sienne ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 3 : Don se troubla un instant : Il était vrai que, dans la salle d'interrogatoire, il avait noté des ressemblances avec son frère Charlie. Méfiant, il ne baissa pas son arme. «-Prouvez-le ! » Ordonna-t-il, fermement. Edward Eppes, sans se départir de son calme, murmura : « -Album photo de famille. » Un hologramme surgit du néant, entre les deux hommes et prit la forme d'un album photo sous les yeux étonnés de Don qui avait sursauté. Les pages de l'album se mirent à tourner toutes seules, dévoilant des images de personnes souriantes : Des instantanées de vie de famille heureuse et insouciante. Don, fasciné, reconnut son frère mais avec des années en plus, une jeune femme blonde entourée d'enfants et un homme châtain qui présentait une sérieuse similitude avec Alan Eppes. « -Mon père, Kevin Eppes. Précisa Edward, en surveillant les traits de Don. Grand-père Charlie disait qu'il était le clone vivant de son père. Moi, j'ai hérité de votre frère. » Il vit que l'agent était traversé par des émotions différentes : Incrédulité, nostalgie, mélancolie et peine… Il se doutait que le jeune homme réalisait les conséquences humaines et affectives sur sa vie. Ce dernier se rendait compte que tous ceux, ayant compté dans sa vie, n'étaient plus. Il était condamné, malgré lui, à une solitude irrévocable, douloureuse et injuste. La révolte envahit le jeune agent fédéral qui abandonna l'album des yeux et abaissa, légèrement, son arme. « -Ce ne sont pas des preuves. Fit Don, d'un ton incisif. N'importe qui peut « bidouiller » des photos sur le net. » Edward reformula alors une autre demande : « -Paquet ! » Un paquet émergea de la banquette par une ouverture et le jeune PDG s'en saisit. Avec un sourire, il le tendit à Don qui l'accepta. Prudemment, il déchira l'emballage du paquet et souleva le couvercle. Des larmes scintillèrent aux coins de ses yeux et une émotion déferla en lui : C'était son premier gant de base-ball. Alan, son père, lui avait enseigné les rudiments de ce sport avec ce gant. Don le retourna vivement et une date, incrustée dans le cuir, acheva d'ébranler le jeune agent. « -Papa avait marqué ma première victoire, ainsi. Se chuchota-t-il, ému, en s'essuyant les joues. La date de la compétition que j'ai remportée. Avant d'intégrer une équipe professionnelle. » Il posa le gant sur ses genoux, rangea son arme et questionna Edward du regard. « -Votre père est décédé, ainsi que mon grand-père. Révéla le jeune PDG, en comprenant la question tacite. Il n'a pas supporté votre « Disparition » et mon grand-père vous a consacré sa vie. Mon père a pris le relais. D'où « Tecbiologie » et sa raison d'être. » La fin fut lâchée dans un soupir empreint d'un soupçon d'amertume. Don remarqua l'expression absente du jeune homme et sut que celui-ci avait eu une enfance, peut-être dorée, mais une enfance avec un père obsédé par ses recherches. Edward revint à lui et sourit, affichant son calme habituel. « -Soyez sans crainte, Don. Rassura-t-il, sincère et chaleureux. Je ne vous en veux pas. L'objectif de mon père est enfin réalisé. Vous êtes ici, sain et sauf. Certes, pas dans votre époque mais vous êtes là. » Don s'aperçut que la limousine s'était garée vers les marches menant à une immense tour en verre et béton. Une infrastructure dont l'architecture et la hauteur sidéra le jeune agent. Un homme, probablement un garde, à son allure et à son attitude compassée et vigilante, vint leur ouvrir la portière et Edward, le remerciant, incita Don à le suivre. « -« Tecbiologie ». Présenta-t-il, en pénétrant dans un hall vaste et lumineux. Résultat des travaux de votre frère, de mon père et des miens. Soyez fier : Vous avez contribué à ce projet, indirectement. » Don promena des regards curieux et un peu perdus sur les murs, les gens qui devaient y travailler et pénétra dans un ascenseur aux parois de verre. En douceur, l'engin emmena les deux hommes à une hauteur vertigineuse et sa porte, coulissante et silencieuse, s'ouvrit sur un laboratoire. A leur arrivée, des hommes et femmes, en blouses blanches, se figèrent et braquèrent leur attention sur Edward et Don qui se sentit mal à l'aise. Celui-ci devina que ce devait être l'élite des chercheurs et des scientifiques, devant leur air intéressé et les appareils de recherche. « -Excusez-les. Pria Edward, en avançant parmi les appareils. Ils sont très curieux de nature et le fait que vous êtes « l'aboutissement » de leurs efforts n'arrange pas les choses. Puis vous devez subir des examens médicaux pour votre santé. » Un scientifique, le chef de cette section, accourut vers eux. Il s'efforçait de dissimuler son exultation et son impatience par une démarche sobre et lente. Mais ses yeux brillants trahissaient une curiosité professionnelle et son excitation d'approcher le « résultat » de ses recherches. « -Bonjour, monsieur Eppes. Fit-il, respectueusement à son patron. Il me parait en bonne santé. » Don réprima une envie de lui en « coller » une, agacé par les regards avides de ses collègues et la lueur de satisfaction dans les yeux du chef de la section. Il détestait être considéré comme une curiosité. Edward s'immisça, habilement, entre Don et son chef de section et diplomate, il suggéra de procéder aux tests avec une équipe réduite. Le personnel fut choisi avec soin et le reste dut quitter la pièce, désappointé. Don subit un scan entier, allongé dans une machine qui donna un schéma fidèle du corps de l'agent. Une femme lui préleva du sang et un échantillon de son ADN, concluant les examens médicaux. Se rhabillant, Don rejoignit Edward qui discutait avec le chef de la section. Stoppant à quelques mètres d'eux, il se plongea dans la contemplation de son petit-neveu. Celui-ci constituait le seul point de repère fiable de l'agent dans ce monde futuriste et un sentiment proche de la fierté s'empara de Don : Edward était une personne bien. « -Tout va bien. Annonça Edward, en regagnant l'ascenseur. Je vous emmène dans votre appartement. Grand-père disait que vous aimez votre indépendance. Ernie, mon avocat et expert informaticien, vous a donné une existence légale. » Don le suivit jusqu'à la limousine, attentif et une fois dans la voiture, demanda : « -Une existence légale ? Et pourquoi Charlie tenait-il tant à m'envoyer dans votre époque ? » Edward sourit, rassurant et répondit : « -Vous restez Don Eppes, je vous rassure. Votre état civil a juste changé de date et de filiation : Vous êtes mon cousin et vous travaillez, en tant que fonctionnaire de l'OCP. Vous êtes le détective Eppes. Vous avez été muté à Delta City. Vous commencez votre service demain. Quant à la raison de votre « voyage » dans mon époque, je vous l'expliquerai. En temps voulu. » Voyant l'impatience et la contrariété de Don, le jeune homme adopta une attitude sereine. « -Faites-moi confiance. Conseilla-t-il, en le fixant droit dans les yeux. Adaptez-vous à votre nouvelle vie. Vous serez plus en mesure d'appréhender ce que je révélerai plus tard. » Don médita la recommandation, sans un mot et se résigna, finalement, à suivre ce conseil judicieux et plein de bon sens. La limousine s'était arrêtée, près d'un immeuble résidentiel. Edward tendit une carte magnétique à Don qui la saisit et sortit du véhicule. « -Tout est sous contrôle biométrique. Prévint son petit-neveu, tranquillement. L'appartement est entièrement modernisé. Il suffira de donner un ordre à haute voix et vous obtiendrez ce que vous désirez : Lumière, visionneuse holographique…La carte est votre ordre d'affectation pour votre commissariat. Vous l'introduisez dans votre voiture et elle vous y conduira. » Don écouta ces explications, déboussolé et n'était pas sûr de savoir se débrouiller dans un appartement aussi sophistiqué. « -Croyez-moi, Don. Dit Edward, d'un ton confiant. C'est plus simple que cela n'y parait. Tenez, une carte avec mon adresse et ma ligne personnelle. N'hésitez pas si vous avez besoin de quoique ce soit. » Don prit l'autre carte et inspirant profondément, il se décida à découvrir son appartement. «-Une chose, encore. Ajouta Edward, espiègle, pendant que la limousine commençait à démarrer. Evitez de « chatouiller » votre partenaire de terrain : Personne n'aime être traité de « tas de ferraille » ! » Sur ce conseil, Edward laissa Don complètement médusé et statufié. Robocop allait être son coéquipier. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 4] Robocop est le nouveau partenaire de terrain de Don. Comment va se passer leur coopération ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 4 : Le commissariat de Delta City Ouest était en effervescence lors de l'arrivée de Don. Le détective Madigan jaillit du bureau du sergent Park, rageusement et indifférente aux interrogations muettes de ses collègues, avisa le jeune Eppes. « -Un conseil, fils à papa ! Lança-t-elle, dédaigneusement et furieuse. Respectez Alex ! Ne le sous-estimez pas, ok ? » Don, déconcerté, ne put qu'hocher de la tête et la vit s'éloigner, compréhensif : Changer de partenaire n'était pas une chose facile ! « -Ne vous inquiétez pas. Fit un policier blond, d'un ton engageant. Ca lui passera. Agent Philips, bienvenu dans notre « paradis » ! » Il tendit la main, souriant et Don, soulagé de l'accueil reçu, l'accepta, échangeant une virile poignée de main. Son appréhension reprit quand Robocop surgit et se dirigea vers lui. Le policier cybernétique, impassible, le fixa un instant. Don ne dit pas un mot, attendant la réaction de son coéquipier. Un peu gêné et confus pour l'incident de la veille… « -Allons-y, détective Eppes. Ordonna Alex, en marchant dans la direction de la sortie. Un crime est en train d'être commis. » Don le suivit au pas de course pour le rattraper et intercepta le geste d'encouragement de l'agent Philips. Il le remercia d'un sourire et monta dans la voiture de Robocop. Ce dernier démarra presqu'instantanément, ne laissant pas souffler le jeune brun. Don se positionna mieux sur son siège et décocha un regard noir au profil dénué d'émotion de son coéquipier. « -Bien. Commença-t-il, en s'éclaircissant la voix et en réprimant son énervement. Nous allons instaurer des règles puisque nous sommes appelés à travailler ensemble : Un, tu ne me donnes pas d'ordres. Deux, je suis capable de conduire aussi. Trois, appelle-moi Don et non, Eppes. Quatre, évite de m'énerver. » A la fin des règles énoncées par le jeune brun, Robocop détourna ses yeux de la route et les porta sur le visage de Don. Il étudia longuement l'expression tendue du détective qui soutint, sans ciller, son examen. Puis il se concentra sur sa conduite, n'émettant aucun commentaire. Don, blasé, n'eut qu'un soupir inaudible. Subitement, Robocop freina et d'un coup sec du volant, fit effectuer un demi-tour à la voiture et roula extrêmement vite. Don, pestant entre ses dents, dut s'agripper à la poignée de sa portière pour ne pas s'aplatir contre le pare-brise avant. « -Hold-up en cours dans un magasin. » Déclara Robocop, devançant les reproches de son coéquipier. Devant l'air sidéré et perdu de Don, il abaissa la visière du policier et aussitôt, celui-ci aperçut les informations relatives au braquage défiler sur sa visière. Il murmura un vague « merci », se sentant comme le dernier des imbéciles et éprouvant une drôle de sensation lorsque les doigts d'acier de Robocop se détachèrent de son casque. Impressionné par la patience et la douceur dont le cyborg avait fait preuve à son égard. Se secouant mentalement, Don pensa au hold-up. Il était impatient de faire ses preuves, blessé par les paroles de Madigan. La bijouterie était jouxtée à une longue galerie commerciale et deux hommes, armés, surveillaient l'entrée. Cagoulés, ils terrorisaient les piétons en tirant des rafales de balles, dans les airs et riaient comme des fous, en voyant la fuite affolée des passants et clients. Leurs complices, durant ce temps, amassaient rapidement des bijoux dans un sac sous l'impuissance du propriétaire et du vendeur. Don, parvenant sur les lieux, remarqua la scène hallucinante des deux braqueurs qui s'amusaient à mitrailler froidement les vitrines des autres boutiques et les vitres des voitures garées près du trottoir. Mais ce qui le choquait fut l'armement dont disposaient les malfaiteurs : Des automatiques redoutables et efficaces pour un simple vol de bijoux. « -Couvre-moi, Murphy. Fit Don, en saisissant son arme et en s'apprêtant à se jeter hors de la voiture. Je vais neutraliser les deux… » Il ne finit jamais sa phrase car Robocop le poussa de son siège assez brutalement. Surpris, atterrissant sur le bitume de la route, il entendit un sifflement et un vent souleva ses cheveux bruns. La voiture de Robocop explosa dans un bruit infernal et prit feu. Horrifié, hébété, Don se redressa vivement et se protégea des débris de vitres et de métal projetés par le souffle de l'explosion. « -Gadget anti-superflic de métal ! Plaisanta un des braqueurs, en s'esclaffant de rire et en soupesant un bazooka dans ses mains. Pas menti, le type qui nous l'a donné ! » Une rage sourde et froide envahit Don quand ces mots et les rires réjouis des malfaiteurs lui arrivèrent aux oreilles. Dégainant son arme, il le pointa sur les deux assassins de son partenaire. « -Vous êtes en état d'arrestation ! Prévint-il, en les visant bien. Lâchez vos armes tout de suite ! » Les deux malfrats n'eurent qu'un reniflement de mépris cynique mais obtempérèrent néanmoins. Don s'approcha, prudemment et extirpa ses menottes. Soudain, une balle frappa son arme qui sauta des mains du policier incrédule. En état d'alerte, Don se mit immédiatement à couvert et chercha l'origine du tir. Il scruta les toits et ne vit aucun sniper. Les bandits profitèrent de la diversion et récupérant leurs armes, se sauvèrent à bord d'une voiture. Au grand désappointement de Don. Le jeune brun, oscillant entre la fureur et l'instinct de survie, essaya de les stopper en tirant sur les roues du véhicule. Sans succès. « -Il est vivant ! » S'exclama une voix, émerveillée et étonnée à la fois. Don se retourna : De la voiture consumée par les flammes, surgit une silhouette familière. Robocop, dont l'armure était noircie par la fumée, visa les pneus de la voiture en fuite et tira. Les pneus éclatèrent et dans un crissement assourdissant, le véhicule s'écrasa contre la devanture d'un restaurant. Robocop analysa les signes vitaux des passagers et levant la tête vers les immeubles, il rechercha une signature thermique. « -Plus de sniper. Fit Robocop, s'adressant à Don. Tu peux sortir sans risque, Don. » Le jeune brun se fia au jugement de son coéquipier et entreprit de se rendre auprès des malfaiteurs. Les renforts commençaient à venir. Commotionnés, choqués et blessés par l'accident, les braqueurs se laissèrent menottés et embarqués sans résistance. Ils lancèrent juste un regard de haine à l'encontre de Murphy et ignorèrent Don. Ce qui déplut un peu au jeune homme dont l'affaire du sniper occupait son esprit. Etre la cible d'un mystérieux tireur d'élite agaçait le brun et l'inquiétait. Son flair lui disait que le tir avait été sciemment raté. Quelqu'un s'amusait avec lui. « -Tu viens ? Demanda Robocop, par la vitre baissée d'une voiture de police. Un vol avec effraction dans notre secteur. » Abaissant la visière de son casque, Don s'obligea à se concentrer sur le vol et monta dans la voiture. Il se promit de s'occuper de son sniper dès qu'il pourrait. « -Merci, Alex. Murmura-t-il, avec gratitude et un respect nouveau. Merci de m'avoir sauvé la vie. » Robocop ne quitta pas la route des yeux. « -Nous sommes partenaires. Dit-il, finalement. Protéger son équipier est une règle. » Les joues de Don devinrent rouges de confusion au rappel implicite de ses règles. « -Appel holographique sur la ligne personnelle d'Edwards Eppes. » Ordonna Don, d'un ton ferme et décidé. Un écran holographique se déplia dans l'espace de son salon et projeta l'image, en trois dimensions, d'Edwards Eppes en robe de chambre. Visiblement réveillé en plein sommeil, le jeune PDG de « Tecbiologie » alla s'installer dans un fauteuil de sa chambre. « -Bonsoir, Don. Salua-t-il, tranquillement. Comment s'est déroulée votre première journée à Delta City Ouest ? » Don, sans préambule, lui rapporta l'évènement du « sniper ». Les traits sereins d'Edwards se troublèrent et devinrent l'expression d'une glaciale fureur. « -Ainsi, ils ne reculent devant rien. Devina le jeune Edwards, d'un ton froid. La présence de Robocop ne les dissuade même pas. La protection de Murphy ne suffit plus. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 5] Edward en sait plus long sur le sniper. Il a manoeuvré pour que Murhpy puisse protéger Don. Mais pourquoi ? Que sait-il au juste ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 5 : Don, les bras croisés, dans l'expectative, attendait des explications de la part d'Edward. Le jeune PDG eut une expression songeuse et finit par déclarer, reprenant son calme : « -Je vais devoir prendre de nouvelles dispositions. » Sur ces paroles, il mit fin à la connexion holographique. Don, râlant contre son petit-neveu et sa manie des secrets, enfila son manteau et dévala les escaliers de son immeuble. Frustré et désireux d'obtenir des réponses, il prit place dans son véhicule et inséra la carte dans le tableau de bord. « -Je suis désolé. Fit l'ordinateur de bord de la voiture, d'un ton impersonnel. L'accès aux données de monsieur Edward Eppes vous a été retiré. Je ne peux vous emmener qu'au commissariat de Delta City Ouest. » La frustration de Don laissa place à une irritation grandissante et une envie furieuse de « taper » sur l'écran de l'ordinateur s'empara du policier. Celui-ci, énervé, réfléchit rapidement et se rabattit sur l'option qui lui restait. « -Ok, saleté de machine ! Consentit-il, en tentant de se maitriser et à contrecoeur. En route pour le commissariat ! » La vision surprenante et inattendue d'un Robocop assis sur son fauteuil et entouré d'une jeune femme en blouse blanche et d'un technicien asiatique stoppa net la colère de Don vis-à-vis de son petit-neveu. Oubliant les raisons de sa venue, le jeune homme observa les moniteurs de surveillance qui permettaient de s'assurer du bon « fonctionnement » du policier cybernétique. Posément, avec tact, il leva les yeux sur Alex dont les yeux bleus l'avaient repéré et se rendit compte que l'agent de titane était dans l'attente de son jugement et de sa réaction. Le casque de Robocop avait été ôté et ne dissimulait plus ses traits, ni le boitier de métal contenant le cerveau humain de Murphy. A l'apparition de Don, la jeune femme et le technicien s'étaient figés dans un silence interrogateur et dardaient leur regard curieux sur le jeune détective. Fasciné, Don ne sembla pas les voir et détailla le visage d'Alex. Il avança vers le cyborg qui le suivit des yeux, de son air serein et impassible. Il leva un doigt dans l'intention de toucher la peau du policier cybernétique, comme hypnotisé. Il se ravisa, réalisant la grossièreté de son geste. « -Je ne suis pas beau à voir. » Dit Alex, sans fausse contrition. Mais Don, sans le quitter des yeux, le contredit : « -Tu es joli garçon, Alex. » Les expressions interloqués puis amusés de la jeune femme et du technicien ramenèrent le jeune policier dans l'instant présent et ses joues devinrent d'un cramoisi atroce lorsque ce dernier réalisa la portée de ses mots. Toussotant vivement, toujours aussi écarlate, il s'astreignit à un comportement plus professionnel et ignorant délibérément les autres personnes, il lança : « -J'ai besoin de ton aide, Alex. Il faut que tu me conduises chez Edward Eppes. S'il te plait. » Robocop le dévisagea, sans un mot et lentement, descendit de son fauteuil. Le technicien voulut s'interposer mais la jeune femme lui fit signe d'abandonner cette idée. « -Pas trop de grabuge, Murphy ! » Recommanda-t-elle, avec un sourire. Murphy, accompagnant Don vers l'accueil, répondit : « -Merci, docteur Lazarus. J'essaierai. » La voiture filait à une allure réglementaire, agaçant Don qui ne souleva aucune plainte à ce sujet. Il ne désirait pas indisposer Murphy. Pourtant le jeune homme était pressé de parvenir au domicile d'Edward et d'obtenir ses réponses. Tout à coup, un bruit d'éclatement le tira de ses préoccupations et la voiture se mit à déraper dangereusement sur la chaussée. Une pluie de balle troua les portes avant et arrière de la voiture, du coté conducteur et une autre rafale meurtrière fit voler en morceau le pare-brise avant. Don s'abrita des éclats de verre et des balles, en se baissant juste au moment où la vitre explosa. Prenant son arme, il voulut relever la tête et riposter mais une main d'acier le maintint sous le tableau. « -Cesse de me protéger ! S'offensa Don, mécontent. Je suis ton partenaire et je me dois de t'aider ! » Robocop ne l'écouta pas et brandissant son arme, il visa la camionnette et l'homme, qui devant, les arrosait de balles de mitraillette. L'agresseur riait comme un fou, en maniant son automatique. Murphy fit feu et neutralisa le tireur. Il allait tirer sur les pneus quand un choc brutal le prit au dépourvu et envoya valdinguer la voiture contre un feu de signalisation. Le véhicule effectua plusieurs tonneaux sur lui-même et acheva sa course, les roues en l'air. Don, à demi-inconscient, jeta un regard par la vitre de sa portière. La vue brouillée par le sang qui coulait de son arcade sourcilière, il vit des hommes en tenue de milice surgir de la camionnette et se diriger vers lui. Il tenta de se tourner dans la direction d'Alex, réprima un gémissement de douleur et appela : « -Alex, ça va ? Tu n'as rien ? Tu es blessé ? » Robocop ne répondit pas. Angoissé, Don essaya de s'extirper du véhicule et après un effort monstrueux, il réussit à ouvrir sa portière. Il rampa hors de l'habitacle défoncé et fut redressé, sans ménagement, par les agresseurs. Il perçut le contact d'un canon d'une arme contre sa tempe et entendit une voix, haineuse et méprisante, murmurer : « -Tu as de la chance que Kain te veut vivant. Quant à ton copain là-bas, je lui trouerai bien sa carcasse. » Une rage froide déferla en Don, à la supposition de l'homme. « -Kain risque de ne pas être content. Avertit le jeune policier, en toisant son geôlier. Tuez mon partenaire et je me mords la langue. Vous ne ramènerez pas en vie, espèce de dégénéré ! » L'homme gifla Don, rageusement et somma les autres de le retirer de sa vue. Le policier, abruti par la souffrance et le choc de l'accident, ne résista pas quand on le traina vers la camionnette. On le balança sur le plancher du véhicule. Deux hommes montèrent à l'arrière avec le policier et le ligotèrent. L'un deux empoigna Don et lui relevant le visage, il l'obligea à assister à une scène terrible. Les yeux du jeune policier s'écarquillèrent, épouvantés et un cri échappa de ses lèvres : « -Non ! Alex ! » L'homme, qui avait giflé Don, dans un ricanement sournois, se tenait près de Robocop coincé dans la voiture. Il avait dans les mains une hache qu'il brandissait, très haut au-dessus de lui et narguant Don d'un sourire réjoui, il l'abaissa sur l'une des mains de Robocop. Un hurlement déchirant de souffrance vrilla les oreilles de Don qui ferma les yeux de fureur et d'impuissance. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 6] Le commanditaire de l'agression contre Don est un certain « Kain ». Malgré la menace de se donner la mort si on touche à son partenaire, Don est contraint d'assister à la mutilation de Murphy. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 6 : Un tumulte soudain, des cris de colère et de chagrin dans la camionnette et l'agitation de ses ravisseurs firent rouvrir les yeux à Don. L'homme, qui menaçait Robocop, avait lâché sa hache et se convulsait de douleur. En dépit de la distance, le policier put voir que le corps de celui-ci fondait littéralement : Soumis à un agent bactérien inconnu, comme sous l'effet d'un acide puissant et corrosif, la peau, la chair et les cheveux se dissolvaient et se détachaient des os. Ecoeuré par la scène, Don ne se résolut à détourner son regard. Inquiet pour Murphy, il se demandait pourquoi le policier cybernétique, toujours à terre, ne se relevait pas. Il tenta de déceler un signe d'activité chez son coéquipier, n'admettant pas la mort de Robocop. « -On s'en va ! Ordonna le ravisseur qui avait libéra Don de sa poigne. Kain nous attend ! Notre priorité est d'amener ce gars vivant ! Tant pis pour Marvin ! » Don, plaqué sur le plancher, essaya de desserrer ses liens. Mais le nœud était bien attaché. La camionnette s'ébranla et se mit en route. Les portes arrière du véhicule furent immédiatement refermées, au grand désespoir de Don. La carcasse de la voiture de police se souleva et Robocop se dégagea aisément de la carrosserie défoncée. Il n'accorda aucune attention au malheureux qui continuait de hurler et de se dissoudre. Il scanna l'air ambiant et l'environnement proche du lieu de l'accident et l'analyse de ses capteurs lui apporta une certitude. Confirmant ses soupçons. L'air était saturé d'énergie formidable et les infimes résidus de cette énergie traçaient un faisceau immatériel vers une fenêtre sombre d'un bâtiment. Une personne était intervenue et avait sauvé Murphy d'une mutilation. Abandonnant Marvin à ses hurlements, Robocop scruta les devantures des boutiques et marcha vers l'une d'elles. Sans hésitation, il fracassa la vitrine et se postant devant un ordinateur portable, il appela : « -Diana ! J'ai besoin de ton aide. » Le bruit des sirènes de police indiqua au policier cybernétique qu'une patrouille n'allait pas tarder à arriver sur les lieux. « -Diana, s'il te plait. Les renforts vont être là. » Aussitôt, un rayon d'énergie lumineuse jaillit de l'ordinateur portable et une jeune femme, dans un tourbillon de données holographique, se matérialisa aux côtés de Murphy. Avec grâce et vêtue d'une robe de soirée noire, elle inclina son joli visage sur un côté et sourit. « -Bonsoir, Alex. Fit-elle, en l'examinant. Tu as l'air d'avoir passé sous un train. Sois plus prudent. Ton armure de titane et d'acier n'est pas inusable. » Elle vit la voiture accidentée et son expression devint soucieuse. La jeune femme interrogea du regard Murphy qui s'expliqua : « -Une fusillade. Mon coéquipier a été enlevé à bord d'une camionnette. Peux-tu m'aider à la localiser, s'il te plait ? » Les sirènes se rapprochant, Diana commença à se dématérialiser et dans un murmure, elle promit : « -Je vais m'infiltrer aux caméras de sécurité pour repérer la camionnette des kidnappeurs et me connecter à tous les réseaux de ligne holographique. Sois prudent, Alex ! » Robocop remercia et rejoignit ses collègues. Il vit Madigan, inquiète, qui venait dans sa direction. La camionnette se gara dans un entrepôt désaffecté et les ravisseurs y emmenèrent Don à l'intérieur. L'humidité, conjuguée à l'obscurité de la nuit, rendait l'endroit peu propice à un séjour prolongé et sinistre. Franchissant des couloirs, les kidnappeurs parvinrent dans une pièce aux dimensions immenses et bien éclairée. Un homme, en uniforme militaire, était affalé sur une chaise et les laissa venir à lui. Une bande d'adolescents et d'adolescentes, armés, cessèrent de discuter et dévisagèrent Don. Celui-ci les observa, avec un sang-froid remarquable et déconcerté, reconnut de l'aversion et du dégout pour sa personne. Un des ses gardiens le poussa, brutalement, en direction de l'homme qui paraissait être le chef. Le policier s'étala aux pieds de ce dernier qui eut un demi-sourire sarcastique. « -Ainsi, te voici. Dit-il, en attrapant Don par les cheveux. Je suis Kain, garant de l'intégrité de l'espace-temps. Gardien et protecteur de l'ordre établi de l'Univers ! » Don n'eut qu'un sourire méprisant et ironique et lança, s'esclaffant de rire : «-En plus d'être un vulgaire criminel, vous êtes un mégalomane et un fou ! Gardien de l'ordre, rien que ça ! » Un coup de pied dans les côtes n'eut pas raison du fou rire de Don qui défia des yeux Kain. Kain vrilla son regard à celui du policier et jeta, une expression trouble et malsaine dans ses yeux noirs : « -Tais-toi ! Tu es une aberration et une anomalie ! Une erreur que je me dois de corriger ! Swen, amène-le ! » Un homme blond apporta une mallette qu'il posa près de Kain. Celui-ci, avec des gestes solennels et théâtraux, extirpa une clé de sa poche et l'inséra dans la serrure de la mallette. Il l'ouvrit et extrait un objet étrange. Don déglutit, en remarquant la ressemblance de l'objet avec une arme mortelle et toisa du regard, aussi dignement que possible, Kain. Kain, souriant paisiblement, actionna une touche et l'objet s'illumina, avec un sifflement aigu. « -Prépare-toi à retrouver tes proches ! Affirma l'homme qui pointa l'arme sur la poitrine de Don. Ta place n'est pas ici ! » Don se tint droit et fièrement, ne baissa pas les yeux. Il toisa son futur assassin, résolu et calme. Kain appuya lentement sur la gâchette, un sourire s'affichant sur ses traits. « -L'anomalie va être rectifié. » Annonça-t-il, triomphalement. Subitement, l'arme lui sauta des mains et une voix, claire et décidé, s'éleva dans la pièce : « -Il n'a plus sa place dans le passé. Tu le sais aussi bien que moi, Kain. » A suivre. Reivews ?[Chapter 7] Kain se prétend être le « garant » de l'Univers et de l'ordre établis. Pour lui, Don n'est qu'une « aberration » dont il faut s'en débarrasser ! Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 7 : Un silence interrogateur et déconcertant s'était instauré dans la voiture de Madigan. La jeune détective, ayant cédé le volant à son partenaire, décochait des regards curieux et observateurs vers Robocop qui conduisait sans un mot. « -Tu es inquiet, Murphy. Assura Lisa, d'un ton étrange. Le docteur Lazarus m'a rapporté ce qui s'est passé au commissariat : Don t'a accepté tel que tu es. Il ne t'a pas repoussé à cause de ton apparence. Alors, tu te sens redevable envers lui ou y a-t-il autre chose ? » Ses yeux s'agrandirent sous l'effet d'une révélation soudaine et la jeune femme adressa un regard plein d'incrédulité vers Robocop, s'exclamant : « -Oh, non ! Tu as un faible pour Don, c'est cela, Murphy ? Il t'a fait craquer avec son petit air d'enfant perdu ? C'est trop mignon ! » Robocop fixa la jeune femme, n'objectant rien et ne confirmant pas. Il vit l'expression réjouie et taquine de Madigan et ne dit rien. Mais la jeune détective avait deviné juste. Elle eut un large sourire avant de poursuivre, plus sérieusement : « -Ne t'emballe pas, Murphy. Don t'a peut-être dit cela par politesse et gentillesse. Les sentiments sont plus complexes. Avant, tu devrais lui en parler… » Robocop, imperturbable, accéléra subitement et dans une vitesse infernale, la voiture rejoignit un périphérique. Madigan, plaqué contre le dossier de son siège, vérifia son automatique de service et rabattit la visière de son casque. Le propriétaire de la voix était un jeune homme dont la silhouette, élancée et mince, surplombait le groupe d'adolescents. Debout sur une poutre de métal qui maintenait le plafond du hangar. Tous les yeux étaient braqués sur lui, ahuris et hostiles. Même celui de Kain et de Don. Le jeune sauveur, habillé d'un jean et d'un pull noir, repoussa ses mèches blondes de son front et la mine décidée, sauta à terre. Il se dirigea vers Kain et Don, son arme dans l'étui. Ne se souciant pas des armes pointées sur lui, il toisa froidement le chef de cette bande et déclara : « -Tu n'es qu'un mystificateur, un imposteur qui n'en a rien à fiche de l' « ordre établi de l'Univers ! Tout ton baratin n'a pour but que de rallier ces crétins aux cerveaux aliénés par le « nuke » ! Tu n'es qu'un mercenaire intéressé par l'argent ! » Le discours provoqua des chuchotements mécontents chez les adolescents qui n'avaient pas aimé le qualificatif utilisé par le mystérieux jeune homme. Don put le voir de plus près et fut étonné de s'apercevoir que son sauveur ne devait pas être âgé de plus d'une vingtaine d'années. Ses traits réguliers et à peine sortis de l'enfance et ses yeux bleus, à l'éclat d'acier, troublèrent le policier : Ce jeune homme lui rappelait confusément quelqu'un mais Don ne s'attarda pas sur ce détail, préoccupé par sa situation actuelle. « -Qui es-tu, pauvre idiot ? Demanda Kain, méprisant et d'une façon théâtrale. Sache que je suis le « Gardien » de l'harmonie ! Nul ne peut insulter mes fidèles sans être punis ! » Le jeune blond, blasé et ironique, écouta la protestation enflammée de Kain et consultant sa montre, désinvolte, jeta : « -« Blablabla » ! » Un vacarme assourdissant retentit, suivis de bruits de tôles froissés et de murs défoncés. Des tirs résonnèrent aussitôt et au milieu d'une débandade et de poussière, surgit une silhouette familière. « -Vous êtes en état d'arrestation. » Informa une voix qui fit tressaillir Don et battre son cœur à une allure anormale. Soulagé de le savoir vivant, le policier faillit oublier sa condition et se prendre une balle par Kain qui, avant de détaler comme ses complices, tira sur le jeune brun. Mais le mystérieux blond veillait : Il déséquilibra le mercenaire d'un direct fulgurant et l'assommant, le traina derrière lui. Il le projeta contre un mur et l'abandonnant, alla à la rescousse de Don qu'il libéra de ses liens. « -Qui êtes-vous ? » S'enquit Don, en courant vers son partenaire. Le blond secoua la tête, refusant de répondre et lui lança une arme. Le policier la saisit au vol et aida Robocop et Madigan à neutraliser les membres de ce gang. « -Pile à l'heure, Murphy ! Sourit le jeune inconnu, en approchant de Robocop. Tu es d'une ponctualité géniale ! » Robocop, occupé à viser, ne fit pas attention à l'admiration sincère du jeune blond. Cependant, lorsque la fusillade cessa, il nota un fait qui le laissa songeur : Le jeune inconnu, après avoir tiré, fit un geste avant de ranger son arme dans l'étui. Madigan le remarqua aussi et ce geste, anodin, la plongea dans un abyme de questions et d'incompréhension. «-Pour qui travailles-tu ? » Interrogea le blond, en appliquant son arme sur le front de Kain. Celui-ci avait repris connaissance et agenouillé sur le sol de l'hangar, subissait un interrogatoire musclé. Froidement et un air implacable sur son visage, le sauveur de Don commença à appuyer sur la gâchette et fit : « -Tu as jusqu'à dix, avant que je ne te tue. Un… Deux…Trois… » Mais Kain, insolemment, le dévisageait et demeurait muet, un sourire de défi sur ses lèvres. Alors, le jeune blond donna un brutal coup de poing sur la figure narquoise de l'individu qui s'écroula, évanoui. «-Edward saura te faire parler. Annonça-t-il, tranquillement. Kevin, où es-tu ? » Il parlait seul, aux yeux surpris et intrigués de Robocop, de Don et de Lisa qui n'étaient pas intervenus lors de l'interrogatoire de Kain. Mais un jeune homme, vêtu à l'identique du blond, arriva sur les lieux et rejoignit le mystérieux sauveur. Brun, aux yeux noirs, mince, il scruta intensément Don et Robocop et un étrange éclat traversa son regard. Puis il échangea des mots, à voix basse avec le blond. Lassé par toutes ces cachotteries autour de lui, Don se sentait au bord de l'explosion. A bout de nerf, épuisé. Il se dirigea vivement vers les deux hommes, imité par Robocop et se postant bien en face d'eux, il croisa des bras. « -Qui êtes-vous ? Demanda-t-il, d'un ton brusque. Travaillez-vous pour Edward ? » Les deux jeunes hommes se consultèrent tacitement et portant leurs regards derrière Don, ils posèrent une question : « -Devons-nous lui dire, Edward ? » Don sursauta et se retournant, vit Edward qui les observait, gravement. A la question posée, il hocha de la tête, donnant son accord. Les deux jeunes hommes se placèrent bien en face de Don et de Murphy et se présentèrent. « -Je suis Kevin. Fit le brun, avec un sourire avenant. Mon frère jumeau, Alex. » A l'énonciation de ce prénom, Robocop se tourna promptement vers le blond qui lui envoya un large sourire. « -Notre nom est Eppes-Murphy. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 8] Les jumeaux Alex et Kevin Eppes-Murphy ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 8 : Les deux jumeaux les observaient, avec une émotion dans les yeux et l'esprit de Lisa Madigan entra en mode déconnection pendant une très longue seconde. Edward surveillait particulièrement la réaction de son grand-oncle qui était resté stoïque. Puis un formidable rire éclata et don promena un regard appuyé le long de la silhouette de Robocop, avant de s'esclaffer bien haut : « -Ce n'est pas que cela me déplairait, mais des jumeaux ? Quand et comment ?... » Le monde s'obscurcit bizarrement, vacilla et le jeune policier s'affaissa brutalement au sol. Les deux jumeaux s'élancèrent vers leur père, ainsi que Murphy qui le souleva dans ses bras. « -Le choc. » Déduisit Edward, en l'examinant. Il s'adressa aux deux jumeaux : « -Amenez-le chez moi. Quant à Kain, confiez-le aux biologistes de « Tecbiologie ». Ils sauront le faire parler. » Alex approuva et faisant signe à Lisa et Murphy de les suivre, il monta à bord de la voiture de Kevin. Suaf Robocop qui conduisit sa voiture de patrouille. Edward disparut, son hologramme s'effaçant aux yeux éberlués des autres officiers de l'ordre. Diana surgit dans la voiture de Murphy, toujours aussi ravissante avec ses boucles rousses et en robe légère. Son regard se porta, vif et curieux, sur le jeune homme brun évanoui à l'arrière du véhicule. « -Il est mignon. Fit-elle, d'un ton admiratif. Je saisis mieux ton impatience et ta colère de tout à l'heure. Sait-il ce que tu ressens pour lui, Alex ? » Robocop demeura silencieux et la jeune « NeuroBrain » soupira, excédée par le mutisme de son ami. « -Merci pour tes informations, Diana. Finit par remercier l'agent cybernétique. Il a ri devant l'éventualité d'une relation entre nous et le fait d'avoir des enfants ensembles. Il a raison : Je ne suis plus humain et rien n'est possible entre nous. Don souffrirait. » Une petite décharge électrique, provenant du volant, secoua Robocop et celui-ci afficha une mine indignée envers son amie. « -Je ne veux plus t'entendre te rabaisser ! Ordonna Diana, les sourcils froncés et la voix tremblante de fureur. Tu es plus humain que certains hommes ! L'amour n'est pas qu'une question de physique et le « sexe » n'est pas la base d'une belle histoire d'amour, mais un ingrédient ! Alors, ne te défile pas, Alex ! Puis, il me semble que Don n'a pas raillé le fait que vous soyez ensemble, non ? Il est choqué pour l'instant ! » Robocop ne répondit pas et Diana devina, avec un sourire amusé et attendri, que son ami boudait… Le visage inquiet de Kevin, penché sur lui, fut la première chose que Don vit lorsqu'il récupéra ses esprits. Il se redressa d'un confortable divan et s'aperçut qu'il était chez Edward. Son petit-neveu, assis à un bureau, discutait avec le chef de la section de recherche de « Tecbiologie ». Lisa suivait la conversation, très intéressée et au fur et à mesure des mots, ses yeux s'écarquillèrent sous l'effet d'une immense stupeur. Don jeta un regard un peu partout et son expression devint perplexe et interrogateur. « -Où est Murphy ? » Demanda-t-il, faisant sursauter Lisa. Alex Eppes-Murphy le dévisagea avec circonspection et dans un large sourire désarmant de spontanéité, sauta dans les bras de Don : « -Dad ! Heureux de voir que tu vas mieux ! » D'abord étonné et déconcerté par cette réaction d'affection, Don eut un sourire plein d'indulgence et répondit à l'étreinte de son fils. Déboussolé tout de même. Kevin, plus réservé, lui adressa un sourire affectueux. Edward mit fin à sa conversation holographique et contournant son bureau, se plaça devant Don. « -Tu as de la chance d'être mon petit-neveu ! Fit Don, d'un ton trop calme. Sinon, je t'aurai collé mon poing dans la figure ! A cause de tes manigances et de tes secrets, Murphy a failli y passer ! » Un fin sourire apparut sur les lèvres d'Edward et le jeune PDG se concerta, tacitement, avec Lisa qui réprima un rire mais son visage s'illumina un furtif moment. Don eut une moue grognon qui acheva de faire exploser de rire Madigan et les deux jumeaux. « -Pa' Murphy a raison. Expliqua Alex, les yeux pétillants d'amusement. Un vrai gamin quant tu boudes ! Fais-le à Pa'. Tu serais surpris de ce que tu peux obtenir ainsi… » Don rougit, sa fureur se calmant. Mais il n'oublia son objectif premier. Rivant ses yeux à ceux d'Edward, il posa la question : « -Pourquoi n'ai-je plus ma place dans mon époque ? Quand ai-je eu des enfants ? » Edward, Kevin et Alex se consultèrent du regard et ce fut Alex qui donna les explications : « -Ce n'est pas la bonne formulation, Dad. Quand auras-tu des enfants, c'est-à-dire nous, serait plutôt correct. Nous ne pouvons te révéler des informations sur ton avenir mais sache seulement que Murphy et toi serez en couple. Tout ce que je peux te dire est que notre mission est de rectifier certaines injustices du futur, en agissant dans ce présent. Et ce, pour vous préserver toi et Murphy. A la demande de ton « toi » futur. » Secoué et un peu perdu, Don ne répliqua rien et se contenta d'écouter. Son flair de limier l'avertit d'un danger et ce danger concernait Murphy. Déterminé, Don leva ses yeux vers ses enfants et exigea d'en savoir plus : « -Il s'agit de Murphy, n'est-ce pas ? Dites-moi ce qui va se passer pour lui ! » Kevin, posément, s'installa près de son « futur » père et murmura, doucement et pesant ses moindres mots : « -L'OCP n'acceptera pas votre couple. Arguant que Robocop est leur propriété, les dirigeants vont tout faire, légalement et juridiquement, pour détruire votre relation. Toi, tu vas te battre pour lui reconnaître ses droits et pour qu'il puisse vivre avec toi. Afin qu'il puisse nous élever aussi. Murphy va se donner la mort après le rejet de ton appel. C'était une lutte perdue d'avance, Dad. » Don déglutit devant la révélation de la mort de son partenaire dans un avenir proche. Il darda ses yeux sur Edward, un espoir l'envahissant et demanda : « -Tu es aussi puissant que l'OCP, Edward. Ne peux-tu pas changer l'avenir, en intercédant pour nous ? Je refuse que mes enfants courent un risque dans ce passé pour et à cause de moi. » Le visage d'Edward se troubla un bref instant et un malaise, à peine perceptible, assombrit l'éclat de ses yeux bleus. Cependant, sa sérénité habituelle reprit le dessus. « -On verra, Don. Eluda-t-il, d'un ton évasif. Pour répondre à ta première question, tu ne peux revenir à ton époque. » Don souleva un sourcil et questionna, presque férocement : « -Pourquoi donc ? » Edward, avec une gêne certaine, lâcha : « -Tu risquerai de changer le passé et le futur. Lors de ton opération dans un hangar, tu as été tué. Je t'ai ramené dans ce présent pour ne pas trop perturber l'espace-temps. Ici, ta présence est neutre. » Choqué, Don assimila la donnée de sa mort. Il resta silencieux, l'expression vide. Une sérénité paisible détendait et relaxait Robocop qui se reposait de sa journée sur son fauteuil. Des bruits de pas le tira de sa semi-somnolence et Murphy, les sens aux aguets, analysa les sons. C'était Don qui s'approchait lentement de lui. Son expression, hagarde et désorientée et le désespoir, entrevue dans ses yeux interpellèrent Murphy qui se redressa de son fauteuil et le quitta. « -Mon scan me dit que tu es sous stress. Avança Robocop, prudemment. Tout va bien ? » Soudainement, Don se jeta dans les bras de Murphy, l'étreignant farouchement et des larmes de désespoir mouillant l'armure du cyborg. Robocop devina, avec un tact et une sensibilité humaine, que le jeune homme avait besoin de réconfort et non de paroles. Il le laissa, alors, blotti dans ses bras et pleurant doucement. Don s'écarta légèrement de Murphy et le fixant intensément, pria : « -Enlève ta visière. » Robocop, bien que décontenancé, accéda à sa demande et ôta sa visière. Don effleura les traits de l'agent cybernétique et tendrement, l'embrassa dans un baiser doux et passionné à la fois. Murphy y répondit, patiemment et longuement. « -Il a parlé, Brian ? » S'enquit Edward, assis à son bureau. L'image holographique de Brian opina de la tête et donna un nom. Edward remercia et tranquillement, demanda une autre connexion avec une ligne privée. Le visage d'homme du monde du numéro deux de l'OCP surgit dans l'espace de son bureau et un sourire se fit sur les traits d'Edward qui se carra mieux dans son fauteuil. « -Je crois que nous allons faire un marché ensemble. » Prédit le PDG de « Tecbiologie », avec affabilité que l'expression dure de ses yeux démentaient. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 9] Don et Robocop seront, dans un futur proche, les parents des deux jumeaux. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 9 : « -Je veux Robocop, monsieur Duke. Annonça Edward, dont les yeux devinrent aussi durs qu'un silex. Vous me cédez sa propriété et je renonce à vous poursuivre pour la tentative d'assassinat sur mon cousin. » Les traits froids du président de l'OCP affichèrent un sourire supérieur et méprisant et ce dernier jeta : « -Vous avez de hautes prétentions, monsieur Eppes. Vous savez, aussi bien que moi, que la présence de Don a changé des données dans ce futur. « Tecbiologie » est à l'image de votre cousin : Une aberration qui n'aurait pas du exister et l'OCP aurait du être la seule puissance de cette époque ! D'ailleurs, l'intervention de vos petits « agents » du futur ne modifiera pas votre avenir : « Tecbiologie » sera la propriété de l'OCP. » A cette affirmation orgueilleuse et victorieuse, Edward n'opposa qu'un sourire glacial et impassible. Il regarda sur l'autre écran de droite et eut une sobre moue de satisfaction avant de revenir à la connexion avec son interlocuteur : « -Vous parlez des achats d'actions de « Tecbiologie », n'est-ce pas ? En ce moment, mes petits « agents » ont contré votre OPA. Donc, l'avenir de « Tecbiologie » ne me préoccupe pas, monsieur Duke. Revenons à notre discussion : Je veux Robocop. » L'assurance sereine du PDG de « Tecbiologie » ébranla, un instant, celle du numéro deux de l'OCP qui donna un ordre à haute voix. Au vu des informations qui défilèrent sur l'écran holographique, celui-ci blêmit atrocement et eut un regard flamboyant de haine à l'adresse d'Edward. « -Cessez ça immédiatement ! Hurla-t-il, pâle de fureur et un début de panique dans la voix. Je vous cède Robocop et vous arrêtez d'acheter les actions de l'OCP ! Tout de suite ! » Edward sourit, haussant un sourcil et parla : « -N'oubliez pas à qui vous parlez, monsieur Duke. A votre futur patron. Alors, Robocop sans conditions ? » Acculé, vaincu, le numéro deux opina de la tête et envoya le contrat et le titre de propriété de Robocop par échange de données holographique. Les données s'inscrivirent sur une carte que le jeune Eppes prit soin de ranger dans un coffre. « -Ravi d'avoir fait affaire avec vous, monsieur Duke. Dit-il, avec une affabilité qui tranchait avec sa froideur de tout à l'heure. Je vous laisse les rênes de l'OCP, comme convenu. » Le PDG vérifia sur son écran et eut un soupir de soulagement. Mais avant de couper la connexion, il déclara : « -« Tecbiologie » ne sera à personne. » Edward se redressa vivement, sous la menace et abandonnant précipitamment son bureau, il se rua vers son garage. Il prit place à bord de sa voiture et ordonna à l'ordinateur de le mener rapidement au siège de « Tecbiologie ». Un sombre pressentiment poussa le jeune homme à lancer un appel : « -Diana ! J'ai encore besoin de ton aide ! » La jeune « NeuroBrain » apparut, la mine soucieuse et demanda : « -Que se passe-t-il, Edward ? Je croyais que monsieur Duke était dupe de mes manipulations autour des actions… » Mais Edward lui coupa la parole, inquiet : « -Diana, s'il te plait, intercepte les communications de l'OCP concernant « Tecbiologie » ! Vite, c'est urgent ! » La jeune femme, alertée par le ton d'urgence du PDG, se dématérialisa sans perdre de temps. Lisa Madigan marcha à toute allure vers le lieu de repos de Murphy et ralentit le pas, attendrie devant un Don, la tête posée sur l'une des cuisses de Robocop et assoupi. Son ami caressait, d'une main légère, les cheveux du jeune policier. Alex leva les yeux vers Madigan et la jeune femme put y voir un bonheur irradier ses prunelles bleues. « -Murphy, « Tecbiologie » est assiégé par les troupes de l'OCP et un escadron d'ED-202. Avertit la jeune détective, se haïssant de rompre ce moment de bonheur. Edward y a dépêché vos jumeaux pour assurer la défense du bâtiment. Il a aussi activé les systèmes de sécurité mais face aux ED-202, cela ne tiendra pas longtemps ! » Apprenant que leurs enfants étaient en danger, Robocop secoua Don qui se réveilla et lui relata tout ce que Lisa venait de dire. Jurant entre ses dents contre l'OCP, Don courut vers sa voiture et laissa Murphy conduire. Lisa les suivit, à bord de la sienne. Toutes sirènes hurlantes. « -Tenez bon, les enfants ! » Murmura Don, pour lui-même et tendu par l'angoisse. Un silence anormal et les rues désertes autour du siège de « Tecbiologie » rendaient l'atmosphère oppressante. Encerclé par une troupe d'assaut de l'OCP et par des robots ED-202, le bâtiment ressemblait à un fort: Les vitres, dont le blindage avait essuyé des impacts de balles, étaient intactes et la porte d'entrée s'était automatiquement verrouillée. « -Rendez-vous ! Criait le chef de l'escouade. Il ne vous sera fait aucun mal ! » Un silence répondit à son conseil. Résigné, le chef donna l'ordre aux ED-202 de tirer sans discontinuer. Les hurlements de ses hommes le firent se retourner et halluciné, celui-ci aperçut deux voitures de police foncer vers eux. Il eut tout juste le temps de s'esquiver sur le côté et d'éviter l'une des voitures. Les soldats mitraillèrent les voitures qui continuèrent de rouler et dans un crissement de pneu, les véhicules stoppèrent leurs courses folles devant les marches du bâtiment. Robocop descendit de l'un des véhicules, prit une arme lourde que lui tendit Don et l'épaulant, il fit feu sur les robots qui explosèrent. Don, à son tour, neutralisa les derniers ED-202 et couvrant Lisa, il tira sur les soldats. Robocop, calculant ses angles de tir, fit un « carton » sur ses cibles et le reste de soldats armés se sauva. « -Lâches ! Cria leur chef, en saisissant son arme de service. Revenez ! » Il visa Lisa qui courait vers la porte d'entrée qui s'était ouverte et pressa la gâchette. Sous l'œil épouvanté de Don et de Murphy, la jeune détective s'écroula. « -Mum' » S'écria un jeune homme, en s'élançant vers la jeune femme. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 10] Lisa Madigan aurait-elle, aussi, un secret ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 10 : Dans le vacarme assourdissant de la débandade et des flammes qui achevaient de consumer les ED-202, Don crut avoir mal entendu. Il fronça des sourcils, décontenancé et se tourna vers Robocop qui dirigeait son arme vers le chef de l'escouade. « -Non ! Défendit-il, intervenant avant que son équipier put tirer. Il n'a fait qu'obéir aux ordres ! Il faut viser plus haut et stopper les vrais responsables ! » Murphy écouta, indéchiffrable, Don et finit par baisser son arme au grand soulagement du militaire. Sans un mot, il marcha vers sa voiture et prit place au volant. Son partenaire mit une main sur le bras de l'agent cybernétique et l'arrêtant, il le fixa bien en face. « -Sois prudent, Alex. Recommanda-t-il, gravement. Je …Je Tiens à toi. S'il te plait, reviens-moi. Entier. » L'aveu avait franchi les lèvres du jeune brun, avec un peu d'embarras. Murphy attarda son regard sur les joues rouges de confusion et de pudeur de son équipier et eut un sourire. « -Je te le promets, Don. » Fit-il, avant de poursuivre son chemin. Don courut vers Lisa et le jeune homme qui, agenouillé près de la jeune détective, lui administrait les premiers soins. La jeune femme, pâle et inerte, respirait à peine. Touchée en plein dos, elle était toujours inconsciente. Le jeune homme, roux et aux yeux bleus, la souleva immédiatement dans ses bras et le visage inquiet, la porta à l'intérieur du bâtiment. Don le suivit et s'aperçut que ses jumeaux les attendaient, leurs automatiques braqués vers l'extérieur afin de couvrir leur retraite. « -Comment va-t-elle, Stephen ? » S'enquit Edward qui les avait rejoint, soucieux. Stephen lui adressa un regard éloquent et aidé par Don, emmena Lisa dans l'ascenseur. Les jumeaux enclencha le système de verrouillage de la porte et monta dans l'ascenseur à leur suite. Don nota, sans rien dire, l'air paniqué d'Edward et les mines préoccupées de ses enfants et du mystérieux Stephen. Il l'examina, discrètement et vit que ce dernier paraissait âgé de deux ou trois années de plus que ses enfants. « -Comme prévu, sa moelle épinière a du être endommagée. Fit Stephen, d'un ton clinique. J'espère que ma venue, dans ce présent, servira à sauver Mum'. » Edward, nerveusement, consultait sa montre toutes les secondes et pesta, tout bas, contre la lenteur de l'ascenseur pourtant rapide. Brian, ainsi qu'une équipe de médecins, les accueillit devant les portes de l'ascenseur. Lisa fut allongée sur un brancard et transportée dans la salle d'examen. Une machine ovoïde, aux parois de verres translucides, était installée au centre de la pièce. Sans perte de temps, la jeune détective y fut installée et deux hommes, en blouses blanches, s'affairèrent autour de la machine. Don et les jumeaux, ainsi qu'Edward et Stephen, assistaient à la mise en route de la machine. Silencieux et tendus par l'angoisse. « -C'est un régénérateur de cellules. Expliqua, à voix basse, Alex pour son père. Des nanocytes vont réparer la moelle épinière de Maddy. » Don remarqua l'attention concentrée de son petit-neveu qui avait perdu son calme légendaire et la lividité de ses traits et comprit ce qui devait lier Lisa à Edward. « -Stephen est le fils de Maddy et de notre neveu. Confia Alex, dans un murmure. Il est notre frère ainé, en quelque sorte. » La stupéfaction fit ciller Don qui détailla, franchement et minutieusement, son fils blond. La similitude avec Stephen n'était pas flagrante mais en cherchant bien, Don put percevoir d'infimes ressemblances. Il scruta aussi Kevin qui lui sourit et reconnut certaines caractéristiques physiques de Lisa : L'ovale régulier de son visage… « -Ne me dites pas que moi et Lisa…Commença Don, embarrassé. Que nous allons…Heu… » Alex vint à la rescousse de son père et dissimulant un petit sourire amusé, secoua la tête : « -Fécondation in vitro, Dad. Kevin et moi, nous serons conçus en couveuse. Ici, à « Tecbiologie ». Kevin sera de toi tandis que moi, je serai cloné à partir de l'Adn humain de Pa Murph'. » Le fait que son fils Alex termina l'histoire de sa naissance avec un sourire horrifia, un peu, Don qui éprouva un malaise en connaissant les circonstances de la naissance de ses enfants. Des questions éthiques et moraux lui vinrent à l'esprit : Avait-il le droit de faire subir cela à ses fils ? Puis les doutes du policier disparurent devant l'amour infini entrevu dans les yeux de Kevin et d'Alex qui, visiblement, ne lui reprocheraient pas son égoïsme. Robocop gara sa voiture devant l'entrée de l'OCP et pénétra dans le bâtiment, neutralisant sans difficulté un ED-202. Des employés se détournèrent, curieux, sur lui mais ne lui accordèrent pas plus d'une minute d'attention. Ils étaient habitués à le voir circuler dans l'immeuble. Murphy n'hésita et alla directement au bureau du numéro deux de l'OCP. Des directives défilaient sur l'écran de son casque et l'une des « consignes » perturba l'agent cybernétique. Directive « numéro quatre », le cauchemar et l'humiliation de Robocop : Ne pas s'opposer à un dirigeant de l'OCP. « -Diana, j'ai besoin de toi. » Appela Murphy, en continuant son chemin vers le bureau du PDG. La jeune femme ne se matérialisa pas mais lui signala sa présence par un message sur son écran : « -Que puis-je pour toi, Alex ? » Robocop lui présenta sa requête et la jeune femme promit de faire au mieux. Le PDG, mis au courant par la sécurité, attendait paisiblement la venue de l'agent cybernétique. « -Vous êtes en état d'arrestation, monsieur Duke. Annonça Robocop, en avançant vers le numéro deux qui le toisait d'un air goguenard et joyeusement moqueur. Mort ou vif, vous venez avec moi. » A l'énonciation de cette phrase, le PDG eut un sourire ironique et dit, froidement et incisif : « -Vous n'êtes qu'un produit de l'OCP et vous voulez arrêter le président de la société qui vous a construit ? Permettez-moi d'en douter : Vous n'êtes pas un flic comme les autres. Rien qu'une machine au service de l'OCP ! » Robocop n'esquissa pas un geste dans la direction du dirigeant tant que la directive « quatre » était de règle et clignotait, comme un avertissement, sur sa visière. L'homme gardait son air hautain et supérieur et tranquillement, fouilla dans son tiroir. Il en extirpa une arme et sereinement, visa Robocop. « -Désintégrateur de circuit électronique. Présenta-t-il, d'un ton guilleret. Vous allez souffrir juste une seconde ou deux puis ce sera fini. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 11] Robocop risque d'être désintégré pour de bon ! Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 11 : Robocop évita un tir de désintégrateur de peu, se dissimulant derrière une armoire. Mais le PDG de l'OCP ne renonça pas et lentement, s'amusant, il se dirigea vers l'agent cybernétique. Il sourit, un air réjoui sur ses traits durs et braquant son arme sur Murphy, déclara : « -Je ne détruirai que ma propriété, un produit défectueux et remplaçable. » Il exulta, en constatant que Robocop était acculé et ne pouvait lui échapper. Il pointa l'arme sur le front du policier de métal et commença à presser la gâchette. Soudainement, Murphy se raidit et la directive « quatre » s'effaça de son écran. D'autres consignes la remplacèrent et le cyborg enleva le désintégrateur des mains du président de l'OCP. Le sourire satisfait et supérieur disparut du visage de ce dernier et l'homme recula vivement, paniqué. « -Ne vous approchez pas de moi ! Protesta-t-il, en tentant de fuir du bureau. Je suis votre patron ! Non ! Vous n'avez pas le droit ! » Robocop dégaina son automatique et le pointant sur le numéro deux de l'OCP, il parla : « -Vous êtes en état d'arrestation, monsieur Duke. Mort ou vif, je vous embarque. Vous n'êtes plus le patron. Edward Eppes est le nouveau dirigeant de cette compagnie. » Dans un hurlement de rage, l'ancien président se jeta sur Murphy qui l'agrippa et l'envoya valdinguer contre le mur. L'homme, assommé, s'étala au sol. « -Vous ne ferez plus de mal à Don et à mes enfants, crapule! ». Fit Robocop, en l'entrainant par le poignet à sa suite. Une voiture de police freina brutalement devant le bâtiment de l'OCP et les deux jumeaux, ainsi que Don, en descendirent rapidement. Leurs angoisses se calmèrent à la vue de Robocop qui embarquait un homme évanoui à l'arrière de son véhicule. « -Tu es sain et sauf ! Soupira Don, en serrant Murphy dans ses bras. J'ai craint que tes nouvelles directives ne soient arrivées trop tard ! » L'agent cybernétique rendit son étreinte au jeune policier et le repoussant doucement, affirma : « -Je t'ai promis de te revenir, Don. Je tiens toujours mes promesses. » Il se détourna de son équipier, gardé contre lui et regarda leurs enfants qui les observaient, rouges de gêne. Alex et Kévin finirent par se décider et à accéder à la requête muette de leur père de titane. Dans un geste d'abandon total, ils se blottirent dans les bras de Murphy qui les étreignit avec une infinie tendresse. « -On est fier de toi, Pa Murph'.Confia Alex, d'une voix pleine d'amour. Tu es et tu seras un père formidable ! » Kévin se détacha de leur père, sans un mot. Plus pudique et réservé, il embrassa néanmoins Robocop sur la joue droite. Alex rejoignit son frère et se consultant des yeux, les deux jumeaux actionnèrent un bouton sur leur montre bracelet. « -A dans vingt ans ! Lança Alex, avec un sourire. Et ne sois pas jaloux de Diana, Dad ! » Sur cette dernière recommandation malicieuse et taquine, Kévin et Alex disparurent. Une certaine nostalgie s'empara de Don qui demeura silencieux après le départ de leurs fils. Puis il se tourna vers Robocop et rougit, en apercevant son regard scrutateur et fixe posé sur lui. « -Lisa va bien. Fit Don, en feignant d'ignorer la question muette de son partenaire. Elle se rétablit doucement auprès de son fils et d'Edward. Notre nouveau patron. » Murphy ne commenta pas les informations et continuait d'étudier son équipier dans un silence embarrassant. « -Diana ! Appela-t-il, sans quitter Don des yeux. Peux-tu venir ? Je voudrais te présenter à Don. » La jeune femme surgit aussitôt, ravissante dans une robe vaporeuse et salua Don d'un léger signe de tête. Un gracieux et joli sourire sur son visage. « -Je suis heureuse de vous rencontrer, Don. Dit-elle, sincère. Murphy s'est métamorphosé à vos côtés : Quand il parle de vous, il rayonne. Prenez soin de lui. » La jalousie sous-jacente et les doutes du jeune brun ne résistèrent pas devant la franchise pleine de charme et touchante de la « NeuroBrain ». Le policier s'approcha de Robocop et glissa sa main entre les doigts d'acier de son partenaire. « -Promis. » Jura-t-il, dans un souffle. Robocop regagna ses quartiers au commissariat. Il confia son prisonnier à ses collègues et imité par Don, il alla voir le docteur Lazarus pour une révision de ses circuits et de ses fonctions. Des hommes emmenant des cartons l'intriguèrent. Robocop stoppa sa marche et tournant la tête de droite à gauche, tenta d'analyser la situation. Don reconnut les signes d'incompréhension et d'affolement chez son équipier et se hâta de le rassurer : « -Ce n'est rien, Alex. Edward a modifié ton statut juridique : Tu es une personne à part entière et tu n'appartiens qu'à toi-même. Tu es Alex Murphy, policier et citoyen de Delta city. Tu es libre. » Les mouvements de panique de Robocop cessèrent et ses yeux bleus dévisagèrent Don qui l'observait avec un immense amour. « -Je suis libre. Répéta Murphy, pour lui. Je veux vivre avec toi, Don. » La simplicité désarmante et directe de sa demande toucha Don dont deux larmes roulèrent sur ses joues. « -Maintenant, si tu veux bien. Accepta le jeune brun, en enlaçant l'homme de métal. Edward a devancé ta demande : Il a adapté une maison pour nous et le docteur Lazarus veillera sur toi depuis notre chez-nous. » Robocop caressa les cheveux de Don, d'une main apaisée et timidement, chercha les lèvres du jeune homme pour un baiser d'une extrême douceur… Un toussotement arracha les deux amoureux de leur monde et le docteur Lazarus, désolée de les déranger, leur lança : « -Edward a des informations à vous révéler, Don. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 12] Edward a des informations à révéler à Don. Quelles sont-elles ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 12 : Robocop conduisait paisiblement, le regard fixé sur la route. Don, assis dans son siège passager, profitait de ces instants de répit pour songer à sa vie future qui l'attendait. Aux côtés d'Alex. Un sourire voltigea sur ses lèvres et sa main s'égara, taquine et joueuse, sur la joue de son partenaire. Elle descendit le long de l'épaule de métal pour redessiner, d'un doigt aérien, le contour droit de la jambe d'acier du policier cybernétique. Robocop refroidit Don, en arguant : « -Je ne t'en voudrai pas si tu devais avoir des maitresses et des amants, Don. » Une irritation grandissante eut raison du « self » control du jeune brun qui ordonna : « -Stop ! Arrête-toi tout de suite ou je saute de la voiture ! » Le ton, sans appel et résolu de Don, décida Murphy à obéir. Il gara la voiture devant le portail qui menait à la résidence d'Edward. Don, contre toute attente, saisit le visage d'Alex et délicatement, l'amena près du sien. « -Je t'aime, Alex. Commença-t-il, en plongeant ses yeux dans ceux, si bleus, de Robocop. Vivre avec toi est un acte réfléchi de ma part. Nous ne sommes pas un couple comme les autres. Tant pis. Cela m'indiffère que tu ne sois pas en mesure de me combler « physiquement » et je m'en fiche entièrement. Je t'aime pour ton esprit et ta personnalité. L'amour que j'éprouve pour toi transcende le désir physique. Alors, ne culpabilise pas. S'il te plait. » Un silence agréable succéda à la déclaration de Don qui surveilla les expressions de son compagnon. Ce dernier parut se détendre imperceptiblement et une sérénité nouvelle illumina ses traits visibles. « -Edward nous attend. » Fit Robocop, simplement et en démarrant. Mais avant Don eut droit à un baiser de sa part. Edward discutait avec Lisa qui souriait de temps à autre, assise très près de lui sur un divan. A l'arrivée de Robocop et de Don, les deux jeunes gens cessèrent leur conversation et les saluèrent chaleureusement. Lisa dévisagea discrètement Murphy et devina la paix intérieure de son ancien équipier. Elle ne dit rien et se contenta d'un clin d'œil complice adressé à Don qui le lui rendit. Robocop intercepta leur échange et spontanément, prit la main du jeune brun entre la sienne. Ce geste, possessif et jaloux, emplit Don d'une sensation délicieuse et enivrante. « -Il est temps de te livrer toutes les informations. Déclara Edward, en invitant son grand-oncle à s'asseoir sur le divan. Je crois que tu es apte à les entendre, maintenant. » Don s'installa en face de son petit-neveu tandis que Murphy demeura debout, sa main serrant toujours celle de son équipier. Vigilent et protecteur. « -Tu as été tué dans cet hangar, le jour de ton raid. Expliqua Edward, avec tact et précaution. Charlie n'a pas accepté ta mort et a travaillé, en collaboration, avec Larry sur une machine capable de voyager dans le temps. Il y a consacré toute sa vie et a fondé « Tecbiologie ». Comme tu le sais, Don, mes chercheurs ont finalisé le projet de mon grand-père et de mon père. Grâce à un appareil, je suis remonté à l'instant précis où tu devais mourir pour te transporter dans notre époque. Pour ne pas te perdre, je t'ai inoculé un mini traceur sous ta peau. C'est ainsi que mon équipe a pu te localiser et que Robocop t'a sauvé la vie. Sache que la machine est toujours en fonction. » Murphy se tourna vers Don qui le regarda à son tour. Le couple réalisait ce que signifiait pour le jeune rescapé du passé la dernière information d'Edward. « -Cependant, tu ne peux retourner à ton époque. Annonça le président de « Tecbiologie », le plus doucement possible. Ton retour dans ton époque perturberait trop l'espace-temps, créant un futur alternatif. Un futur où l'OCP aurait la main mise sur notre présent et où son pouvoir n'aurait aucune limite. Le chaos et la corruption rythmeraient la vie de nos contemporains. Robocop ne serait qu'un produit dépassé jeté et détruit sur décision du président de l'OCP. Or,… » D'une main tranquille, Edward stoppa les protestations de Don et devança sa question : « -Ce futur a eu lieu. Car tu es retourné auprès de grand-père et de ton père. Puis j'ai été témoin de ces événements lors de mon retour dans ce futur. Alors, je suis reparti te rejoindre dans ton époque et je t'ai tout raconté, ainsi qu'à Charlie. Ensemble, avec mon arrière grand-père aussi, vous avez pris la décision de faire en sorte que l'autre futur, avec « Tecbiologie », devait revenir. J'ai donc remonté le temps pour te sauver une fois encore et sur ta demande, de ne pas te faire retrouver les tiens. » Sonné, Don digérait ce qu'il venait d'apprendre et le sacrifice, pour le bien de tous, que Charlie, son père et l'autre « lui » avaient consenti. Don, en pyjama, buvait une tasse de lait chaud. Debout près de la fenêtre de sa chambre, il observait la rue calme et désertique qui desservait le lotissement chic et privé dont sa maison faisait partie. Levant la tête, il contempla les étoiles et s'imagina les nommer à ses futurs enfants : Alex et Kevin. Cela apaisa son sentiment d'être « piégé » dans cette époque pour le bien de tous. Des bruits de pas se firent entendre derrière le jeune homme et celui-ci se retourna, un doux sourire sur ses traits. « -Je dois y aller. Fit Robocop, en posant une main tendre sur l'épaule de Don. Quelque part, un crime est en train de se commettre. » Don le retint, en l'enlaçant par la taille et en se collant contre son dos. Avec un soupir de bonheur et de bien-être. « -Tu n'es pas en service, Alex. Indiqua le jeune brun, en pressant son visage sur le dos de métal et en appréciant le contact et sa fraicheur. Reste avec moi, officier Alex Eppes- Murphy. Tu ne vas pas me fausser compagnie pour notre première nuit. Chez nous. » Robocop s'immobilisa, réfléchissant et lentement, se dirigea vers son fauteuil de repos. Il s'y installa et vit l'air boudeur et contrarié de son compagnon. Ce dernier, les bras croisés, le scruta une seconde avant de se faufiler sur les genoux de Murphy étonné. « -Tu ne devrais pas dormir ainsi. Conseilla Robocop, en maintenant Don contre lui. Ce n'est pas une bonne position pour un repos réparateur. Demain, tu vas avoir une … » Don l'embrassa pour le faire taire et malicieusement, fit : « -Tant que tu refuseras de me rejoindre dans notre lit, tu me serviras de matelas. » Robocop analysa cette menace et la jugeant sérieuse, il quitta son fauteuil. Il allongea Don dans le lit et se glissa sous la couette. Immédiatement, le jeune brun ôta la visière de son compagnon et se reput de la beauté de Murphy. Des minutes entières sans qu'Alex ne bougea, se laissant admirer. Puis Don se blottit dans les bras de son compagnon et s'assoupit, se sentant, enfin, chez lui. Fin. Reviews ? ","Summary":" Une fiction qui me trottait dans la tête depuis pas mal de temps… Ne sachant avec qui le mettre, j'"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Some Try, Brisbys Do","Author":"Villains' Bad Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9858729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I recently watched the Secret of NIMH and now I remember why I like it so much. The story and the characters, especially Justin ;) Anyway, this is my first Secret of NIMH story so I hope you all enjoy. Kristy Brisby squeaked as she roamed the outskirts of the field. She and her brother Jonathan Brisby were scourging for food to feed the two of them. They lived in the fields of a farm that belonged to a family called the Fitzgibbons. It was a hard life for two mice like them. The family owned a cat named Dragon. \" Find anything yet?\" Jonathan squeaked. \" Nothing.\" Kristy sniffed looking for something edible. She stood sharply on her hind legs as she heard rustling in the grass. \" Did you hear something?\" she squeaked. \" Hear something? All I hear is my stomach.\" Jonathan scurried along the dirt road hoping he could find at least a grain of wheat from the recent harvest earlier in the month. Kristy followed her brother into the road not wanting to be left alone. She froze as she heard the grass rustle again. \" Jonathan, something's out here\", she squeaked. \" It's probably just a bunny or something\", Jonathan squeaked. \" What if it's Dragon?\" Kristy curled up in a ball frozen in fear. She kept her eyes on the grass in front of her waiting for something to come out. What she didn't expect to see was a pair of human feet rushing toward her and Jonathan. \" Run!\" she squeaked running past her brother. Jonathan turned to see a human running toward them with a net. He followed Kristy who ran back into the grass. The two little mice ran through the grass trying to find a place to hide from the humans. \" Look, there!\" Jonathan pointed. There was a dark spot in the grass. Kristy and Jonathan ran to the spot hoping the darkness would be enough to hide them from the human's view. The minute they stepped into the darkness, they heard the slamming of metal. \" What was that?\" Kristy squeaked in fear. \" I don't know.\" Kristy held onto Jonathan in fear. They gasped as they felt everything shaking and moving around them as they felt themselves being picked up. They were in a cage. They scurried to the back of the cage as the human held it close as he looked at them. \" Will these two do?\" he asked. \" Yeah they'll do fine\", another voice said. The human carried the cage down the road where a van was waiting. There were more humans carrying cages that held more mice and some rabbits. The human tossed the cage with Jonathan and Kristy into the back of the van. He slammed the door shut leaving them in complete darkness. Kristy jumped as she woke. She sighed in relief as she looked around and took in her surroundings. It was all just a bad dream. A bad dream of the nightmare she and her brother endured a few years ago. Kristy looked at the beds in the room to see her nieces and nephews sound asleep. Theresa, Martin, Cynthia and Timothy…Jonathan and his wife, Elizabeth's children. After that horrible encounter with the humans, Kristy and Jonathan returned to the farm where Jonathan met and married Elizabeth. The Brisby family lived happily in their cozy cinderblock in the field of the Fitzgibbons' farm. Kristy looked over to the center of the room where Jonathan and Elizabeth's bed was. There was no one there. Kristy's ear twitched as she heard what sounded like sobs coming from the other room. She got out of bed and put on her loose-fitting dress to see what was going on. \"Elizabeth?\" Kristy saw Elizabeth sitting on the stairs near the entrance to the block. Her face was buried in her hands as she sobbed. There was another mouse standing at the entrance. An elderly mouse with gray fur and glasses. \"Mr. Ages\", Kristy said. \"How nice it is to see you again.\" \"I wish it were nice, my dear\", Mr. Ages said with a grim look on his face. She frowned as she saw his face. She looked down at Elizabeth who continued sobbing. \"What's wrong?\" Kristy asked. \"Where's Jonathan? Where is my brother?\" \"I'm so sorry\", Mr. Ages said shaking his head. \"Jonathan is…is dead.\"[Chapter 2] After some thought, I decided to rename Mrs. Brisby to Elizabeth in honor of her voice actress, Elizabeth Hartman. Kristy cried as she ran through the fields of the farm. Jonathan was dead and Mr. Ages gave no explanation as to what happened. The only thing he mentioned was that Dragon had killed him. She sighed as she approached the rosebush in the garden by the Fitzgibbons' house. Kristy crawled through the opening and entered the bush. She looked around the entrance nervously. Brutus was the guard to the rosebush, and although she knew him, he was still very scary to her being three times her size. \"Brutus!\" she called out. \"Brutus, it's just me, Kristy! Please don't jump out and scare me, I'm having a really bad day.\" Kristy walked in silence through the rosebush. She saw Brutus and luckily he didn't do anything to scare her. He just bowed his head in respect. \"Do you know where Justin is?\" Kristy asked. \"Just down the path\", he answered. \"I'm sorry about Jonathan.\" She nodded and continued down the path. She needed to see Justin. He was her most trusted friend…her best friend. Kristy was hyperventilating as she and Jonathan were brought to some sort of laboratory. The humans placed them with the new arrivals that have been brought in that night. \" Kristy, calm down\", Jonathan squeaked. \"Everything will be okay.\" \" Calm down?\" Kristy gasped. \"How do you expect me to calm down? What's going to happen to us?\" Jonathan looked around the laboratory to see other animals. They all looked scared and upset. \" Hey!\" he squeaked. \"Hey! Do you know where we are? Can you help us get out?\" The animals all just looked away sad. Kristy looked about ready to cry. She didn't know what was going to happen to them, but she knew it was not going to be good. A human brought in another cage and set it down next to theirs. Inside were a bunch of rats. Kirsty watched as some of the rats tried to break out of the cage anyway they could. \" Hey\", one of the rats said looking at her. \" Me?\" Kristy squeaked. \" Yeah. Where are we?\" \" I don't know\", she sighed. \"I honestly don't know.\" \" What's your name?\" \" Kristy. Kristy Brisby. Who are you?\" \" I'm Justin.\" Kristy looked around. Justin should be in this area somewhere. She gasped and nearly screamed as she felt a pair of arms grab her and lifted her off the ground. \"Reveal thy name…\" a voice whispered \"Hey, it's just me, Kristy!\" \"I knew it was you\", Justin said with a smile. He set Kristy down and hugged her. \"Where have you been?\" he asked. \"It's been weeks since I've seen you.\" Kristy looked down sad. She would've loved to explain to Justin why she hadn't come to visit, but it just brought back memories she didn't wish to discuss at the moment. \"I'm here to see Nicodemus\", she said. \"About what?\" Justin asked. \"Jonathan. I know his death had something to do with you guys.\" His whiskers drooped as soon as she mentioned the name. Justin wrapped his arms around her in a hug. \"I'm sorry\", he said. \"I didn't know how bad you would take it if something ever happened. That's why no one told you.\" \"He was my brother\", Kristy said. \"I don't think I would've let this happen so easily.\" \"Jonathan wouldn't have let you stop him. He would've done anything to help Nicodemus.\" Kristy nodded as she looked down. \"Is he busy?\" she asked. \"I need to know why this happened.\" Justin led her through the rosebush. They said nothing as they took the lantern through the water where their homes were. \"How are you handling this?\" Justin asked wanting to break the silence. \"I know his family must not be taking it well.\" \"Elizabeth's been crying ever since Mr. Ages told us\", Kristy said. \"The children want to know why their father died. We all know to stay away from Dragon. It doesn't make any sense to them.\" \"Nicodemus will tell you and you can just tell the children he was getting some food and Dragon found him.\" \"I suppose.\" Justin led Kristy to the door to Nicodemus' room. The door opened with a flash of light and a gust of wind allowing them to come inside.[Chapter 3] \"Come in…come in, my dear.\" Kristy wiped her sweaty paws on her dress as she and Justin stepped into the room. It wasn't often she came to see Nicodemus, so it was easy to say each visit surprised her. She and Justin saw Nicodemus sitting at a desk lighting a candle. \"Sir, Kristy Brisby is here to ask about Jonathan\", Justin said. \"Very well\", Nicodemus said, his old voice wavering in his old age. Kristy looked back to see Justin leaving. He gave her a small smile before closing the door. She sighed as she turned back to look at Nicodemus who's was dipping a quill into ink. She watched in awe as wisps of golden light swirled out of the jar of ink. \"I know why you're here\", Nicodemus said, his eyes glowing yellow. \"Jonathan was very dear to you, as any brother would be.\" \"I need to know what happened\", Kristy said. \"I know Jonathan was doing a job for you and the rats. I want to know why this had to happen. No disrespect, sir, but was Jonathan the only one who could've done this job instead of any one of the rats in this bush?\" Nicodemus sighed deeply as he took the quill and began to write in the large book that sat open on the desk. At first nothing appeared on the page until Kristy saw letters being etched into the page with a fiery light. \"Jonathan Brisby was killed today while helping with the plan. It has been four years since our departure from NIMH, and our world is changing.\" \"The plan?\" Kristy asked. \"What plan?\" Nicodemus dipped the quill in ink, drawing more golden swirls as he continued to write. \"We cannot stay here much longer. Jonathan was a dear friend. I am lost in knowing how to help his widow. She knows nothing about us or the plan. Perhaps it is best that I do nothing at present. I shall miss him.\" Kristy watched as Nicodemus closed the book. He turned to a box that sat on the desk and opened it. \"Nicodemus?\" she said. \"Sir?\" She gasped as Nicodemus held an amulet in his hands. It was a golden color with a glowing red stone in the middle. \"What is it?\" \"Jonathan's last gift to his wife\", Nicodemus answered. \"Jonathan…wherever you are…your thoughts must comfort her tonight. She will be waiting, and you will not return.\" Kristy looked down knowing how upset Elizabeth would be for the next few days. Nothing would be able to comfort her so easily. Nicodemus put the amulet back in the box. \"Farewell…my friend.\" \"Nicodemus\", Kristy said. \"I apologize for my behavior earlier.\" \"Of course, my dear\", he said. \"You should return home. Jonathan's family needs you.\" \"I suppose they do. Goodbye.\" Kirsty bowed to Nicodemus before turning toward the door. Justin stood outside the door waiting for her. \"Did you get the answers you needed?\" he asked. She nodded and walked with him toward the exit, neither of them saying a word. From the corner of her eye, Kristy saw someone watching them. \"Justin…\" Justin followed Kristy's gaze. He put his hand on the hilt of the sword on his belt. \"Who's there?\" he called out. \"Nothing to fear. It's just me.\" Out of the steps came a tall black rat with a grey face. He was dressed elegantly in dark clothes to match. \"Jenner\", Kristy sighed. \"It's only you.\" Jenner smiled unpleasantly showing his sharp yellow teeth. Kristy backed away a few steps. Jenner always made her uneasy. There was just something about him that she didn't trust. \"I extent my deepest sympathies at this hard time\", Jenner said taking her hand and placing a kiss. \"Th-thank you\", Kristy stuttered. \"If you'll excuse me, I need to get home now.\" \"Will you come again?\" Justin asked. \"I will as soon as I can.\" Kristy hugged Justin quickly before running out of the bush. She made her way across the fields undetected by Dragon. Kristy entered the stone block seeing Theresa, Martin and Cynthia sitting by the fire. \"Hey\", Kristy said. \"Where's your mother?\" \"In the bedroom with Timothy\", Theresa answered. \"Timmy? Is he alright?\" The kids shrugged not knowing what was going on. Kristy rushed to the bedroom to see Elizabeth sitting at Timothy's side, dabbing his forehead with a damp cloth. Timothy moaned from the touch trying to turn away. \"Elizabeth?\" Kristy said. \"What's wrong?\" \"Timmy's running a fever.\"[Chapter 4] Kristy watched worried as Elizabeth checked on Timmy. The poor boy had not improved at all over the night. He continued to burn with a fever and rasped when he breathed. Elizabeth was getting worried. \"Can you watch the children?\" she asked. \"Where are you going?\" Kristy asked. \"I'm going to see Mr. Ages. He's helped us before. He probably knows what's wrong with Timmy.\" \"Please be careful.\" Elizabeth tucked Timmy in an extra blanket before heading out. She hugged and kissed the rest of the children before leaving. Kristy placed a cool damp rag on Timmy's forehead. \"Do you need anything?\" she asked. Timmy shook his head before closing his eyes. Kristy kissed the top of his head and left the room. She went to the fireplace and started a pot of broth. Timmy would need something when he woke up. Martin, Theresa and Cynthia sat around wondering what to do now. \"Will Mommy come back?\" Cynthia asked. \"Of course she will\", Kristy said. \"She'll be back in a few hours.\" \"How come Mommy comes back and not Daddy?\" Kristy's ears flattened against her head. She had no answer to that. She expected Cynthia to know that Jonathan wouldn't be coming back because of Dragon. \"What are we going to do until Mom comes home?\" Martin asked. \"Tell you what, kids\", Kristy said. \"Until your mother gets back, how would you like to hear a story?\" \"What kind of story, Auntie Kristy?\" Theresa asked. \"Well, let's see…\" Kristy picked up Cynthia and sat her on her lap as she took a seat by the fireplace. She tapped her chin thinking about what to tell the kids to keep them entertained until Elizabeth came back. \"How about the time when your father and I met your mother?\" she suggested. \"Would you kids like to hear that?\" \"I guess\", Martin said as he picked up a twig. Theresa and Cynthia nodded. \"It happened four years ago when your father and I were in the middle of the fields on the farm.\" Kristy began telling the story, leaving out NIMH of course. Kristy and Jonathan slept in the knothole of a tree. They had escaped from NIMH a few days ago and returned to the Fitzgibbons' farm. Kristy curled her body close to Jonathan. After what happened in NIMH, she never wanted to leave her brother's side. He would keep her safe. Jonathan yawned and sat up. The sun had risen and knew Kristy would be hungry. He stuck his head out of the knothole and looked around the field to see if Dragon was nearby. He stopped as he looked by the creek. There sitting by the creek, drinking from it was another mouse. A young female mouse with dark, golden fur and blue eyes. \" Jonathan?\" Kristy looked at him as she stretched. \" What are you doing? I thought you were getting food?\" Jonathan ignored his sister as he watched the other mouse. He watched her gather water in her hands and washed her face with it. Kristy looked at him wondering what was so interesting and looked out the knothole. She saw the mouse and smiled at her brother. \" What are you doing?\" she asked nudging him. \"Go talk to her.\" \" Talk to her?\" Jonathan repeated. \"What would I say?\" \" Just say hi and introduce yourself.\" \" I don't think I can.\" \" Wow\", Kristy chuckled. \"The almighty brave Jonathan Brisby afraid to talk to a girl. Just follow my lead.\" She crawled out of the knothole and climbed down the tree with Jonathan behind her. The female mouse sat by the creek, wiping the water from her whiskers. \" Excuse me\", Kristy said. The female mouse gasped and jumped as she turned around. She looked at Kristy and Jonathan, her eyes landing on Jonathan. \" Hello. I'm Kristy, Kristy Brisby, and this is my brother, Jonathan Brisby.\" \" I'm Elizabeth\", the female mouse stuttered. \" My brother couldn't help but admire how beautiful you look\", Kristy said. \"So I brought him over to say hello.\" She pushed Jonathan toward Elizabeth and watched them hit it off. \"Did Mother love Daddy as much as he loved her?\" Theresa asked. \"Of course she did\", Kristy said. \"Your mother loved your father very much.\"[Chapter 5] It was getting late. It was dark and Elizabeth hadn't come home yet. Kristy already made sure the kids ate supper. Now all they were doing was sitting around under Elizabeth got back. Kristy was beginning to fear the worst. Elizabeth always came home before dark. The last time family waited late for someone to return…was when Jonathan… \"Maybe I should go look for Mom\", Martin said getting up. \"You're not going anywhere, young man\", Kristy said. \"It's already late.\" He sat back down frowning. \"Brisby!\" they heard. \"Brisby!\" \"Oh, Auntie Shrew!\" Theresa cheerfully said. \"Oh, Auntie!\" Cynthia repeated. \"Oh no\", Martin complained. \"I wonder what she's doing here at this hour\", Kristy said going to the opening of their home. \"Brisby!\" Auntie Shrew continued to call out. \"She'll wake Timothy!\" Theresa said. \"Mrs. Brisby isn't home, Miss Shrew\", Kristy said. Martin glared as he got up and went into the bedroom. \"Why is she always coming her poking her nose around when she's not wanted?\" he asked. \"Martin, be nice\", Kristy said. \"Respect your elders.\" Theresa ran to the opening where Auntie Shrew was coming in. she helped unravel the scarf she wore, being a good and polite girl. \"Thank you, child\", Auntie Shrew said. \"I must speak with your mother. Your auntie is exhausted. Why me? That I alone should be responsible for the welfare of the entire field? It's monstrous. Brisby!\" \"Mother isn't here\", Theresa said. \"Auntie Shrew, Timmy's sick\", Cynthia said tugging on the shrew's scarf. \"Cynthia, dearest don't paw me\", Auntie Shrew said as she took a seat. \"She's not here? She left you children in the care of your young babysitting aunt?\" \"I'm old enough\", Martin said glaring. \"I don't need a babysitter. I'm not afraid of anything.\" \"Miss Shrew, Mrs. Brisby has gone out for important business today\", Kristy said. \"Would you like a drink?\" Auntie Shrew shook her head as she rambled on. \"Rats in the field up to, heaven knows what kind of mischief. Where could she be this late?\" \"She went to see Mr. Ages\" Theresa answered. \"To Ages?\" Auntie Shrew asked. \"That old fool? Whatever for?\" \"Auntie Shrew, Timmy's sick\", Cynthia repeated. The shrew simply patted her head ignoring her words. \"Patience, my pet. Why to Ages?\" \"Timmy's sick!\" Cynthia repeated. \"She went to see if Mr. Ages can give her some medicine\", Kristy answered. \"Medicine? What on earth for?\" \"Timothy is very ill\", Theresa answered. \"Timmy ill?\" Auntie Shrew asked. \"How dreadful!\" \"That reminds me\", Kristy said. \"I should go and check on him.\" She got up and walked to the bedroom. Just as she reached the opening, Martin charged out, swinging a twig in his hand like a sword. \"I'm not afraid of the dark!\" he rambled. \"I'm not afraid of the farmer! I'm not afraid of Dragon. I'm not even afraid of... of the Great Owl!\" \"Martin!\" Kristy gasped. \"What did I tell you about behaving?\" Martin ignored his aunt and walked by Auntie Shrew. \"Will you hush up?\" she asked. \"Oh, you hush up!\" Martin said. \"Martin!\" Kristy gasped. \"Precocious monster!\" Auntie Shrew said shocked at his behavior. \"Bossy bullfrog!\" he countered. \"Spoiled brat!\" \"Loudmouth!\" \"Martin, enough!\" Kristy said. However, it was too late. Auntie Shrew had enough of his attitude. She stood and held her arms out as Theresa wrapped her scarf around her. \"That will be quite enough, thank you\", she said. \"Cast not pearls before swine, I always say, and that includes insolent piglets! Good day!\" Auntie Shrew ascended the stairs. Unfortunately for her, her scarf got caught on a twig on the stairs, making her fall backwards down the stairs. The children giggled as Kristy rushed to help her. \"Are you alright, Miss Shrew?\" she asked. The shrew just glared as Martin laughed the loudest out of all of them. Elizabeth came inside holding an envelope. \"Martin!\" she said gasping as she saw Auntie Shrew getting up. \"Auntie Shrew, what's going on?\" \"Indeed!\" Auntie Shrew said leaving. \"Please, come back inside\", Elizabeth said. \"Not for a king's ransom. I just have one thing to say. That child is a brat!\" \"Yes, I will speak with him.\" \"I came here to inform you that the frost is off the ground, and moving day is at hand. Prepare to move your very, very odd family. Good day.\" Elizabeth turned and looked at the children disapprovingly. \"Well children, now you've done it\", she said. \"It was Martin\", Theresa truthfully said. \"The shrew means well\", Elizabeth said. \"She just wants to help.\" Kristy went to the cupboard and got a bowl for the broth. Elizabeth pulled the pot from the fire and poured it into the bowl. \"Timmy's alright for now\", she said. \"He's been resting all day. Did Mr. Ages help?\" \"Very much\", Elizabeth answered. \"Thank you so much for watching the children.\" She opened the envelope and poured the medicinal powder into the broth and carried the bowl into the bedroom.[Chapter 6] Hey-O! So, I'll be going home for Christmas break. We don't have internet at home so more than likely, there won't be any updates for a month. I'll get back to writing when I get back to school. Merry Christmas! Dream by night, wish by day Love begins this way Night's a friend with love to spend Each new day Kristy watched as Elizabeth sat by Timmy. The boy had finally woken up, still as sick as before. Elizabeth began feeding Timmy the broth with the medicine in it as the children gathered around the opening as they watched their mother take care of their youngest brother. Bless your heart, bless your soul Let your dreams come true Future songs and flying dreams Wait for you \"Cynthia!\" Kristy whispered as the child ran into the bedroom. Elizabeth wanted the children to stay away from Timmy, worried that what he had was contagious. She didn't want any of the other children to get sick and so close to moving day. Theresa followed her sister. Cynthia smiled as she looked over the bed and leaned in close to Timmy. Theresa pushed her down away from the bed, trying to keep her away from Timmy. Love, it seems, made flying dreams So hearts could soar Heaven sent, these wings were meant To prove once more That love is the key \"How are you feeling, dear?\" Kristy asked as she approached the bed. Timmy shook his head and yawned still feeling tired and weak. \"Is Timmy going to die?\" Cynthia asked. \"No, sweetheart\", Elizabeth answered. \"He's just very sick.\" \"What's the matter with him, Mother?\" Theresa asked. \"Mr. Ages called it…pneumonia.\" \"Pneumonia?\" she repeated. \"When will he get better?\" Cynthia asked. \"Soon, I hope\", Elizabeth answered. As you wish, as you will Dream a flying start Love and care, the power's there Trust your heart, trust your heart As soon as the bowl of broth was empty, Kristy placed a damp rag over Timmy's head to bring down his fever. Elizabeth watched as Timmy closed his eyes, going back to sleep. She stood and looked at the children. \"Off to bed with you, now\", she whispered. She kissed the children goodnight as they went to bed. Elizabeth and Kristy went to the other room to let them sleep in peace. \"Will that medicine really help Timmy?\" Kristy asked. \"Mr. Ages said it'll bring down his fever\", Elizabeth answered. \"He needs to stay in bed for three weeks. The chill in the air could kill him.\" Kristy looked at her alarmed. Three weeks? But what about moving day? Auntie Shrew said moving day was at hand. How were they going to move Timmy? \"Are you going to go to bed?\" Elizabeth asked putting out the candles. \"You go on ahead\", Kristy said. \"I'm going to go outside for a minute.\" Elizabeth nodded and blew out the candles before going to bed. Kristy crawled out of the opening and stood outside. It was so quiet and peaceful tonight. She climbed onto their stone house and looked up at the stars and watched them twinkle. \"I wish you were here, Jonathan\", Kristy said. \"Your wife needs you. Your kids need you.\" She sighed as she looked away to the Fitzgibbons' farm house which was a mile away from their house. A bit of movement caught her eye as she watched. An electric cord was being taken from the house by a group of the rats. \"What in the world…?\" Kristy scampered to the large stone near the house to get a better look. She climbed to the top and looked at the rosebush near the farmhouse. Her tail twitched as she watched a glowing light come from the bush. \"What are they doing in there?\" Kristy wondered. She yawned too tired to care about it right now. She would go and ask Justin in the morning. She climbed down the stone and back into the house. Elizabeth and the children were already asleep. Kristy crawled into her bed and closed her eyes drifting off to sleep.[Chapter 7] Hey-O! Managed to come to the public library so i can update! Squeaks filled the lab. Kristy in particular squeaked the loudest as one of the humans reached into the cage and grabbed her. She looked down to see the rats squeaking as humans grabbed one of them. \" Justin!\" The human held a needle and injected Justin with something before putting him back in a cage. Kristy squeaked in fear as she saw the human holding her pick up a needle. She did all she could to get away. She tried squirming in the human's hand. She tried biting his hand. All her efforts proved fruitless as she felt a sharp prick in her belly. \" Jonathan, help me!\" Kristy squeaked in pain. The human put her in a separate cage. She continued to cry in pain as the human then picked up Jonathan and stuck a needle in him. \" Jonathan!\" The human put him in the cage with her. Jonathan curled up as he squeaked in pain. The mice and rats squeaked in pain as the injections the humans gave them began to take effect. The whole room began spinning as the rats and nice felt themselves begin to change. \"Kristy, wake up!\" Kristy felt someone shaking her, however, that wasn't the only thing shaking. The entire house was shaking. Elizabeth gathered the children. \"Elizabeth, what's going on?\" Kristy yawned. \"It's moving day!\" Elizabeth said. \"The plow's coming! Hurry!\" \"You get the kids to safety.\" \"I can't take Timmy. The chill in the air could kill him.\" \"I'll take care of Timmy\", Kristy said. \"Go!\" Elizabeth grabbed the children and ran out of the house to safety. Kristy got up and looked around trying to figure out how much danger she and Timmy were in. Dirt was falling from the ceiling as the house rumbled. \"Oh, Timmy why did you have to get sick?\" Kristy asked as she tried to figure out what to do. Timmy sure was a heavy sleeper. Everything was rumbling and falling apart, but Timmy slept right through it all. Kristy looked around trying to figure it out. The chill in the air could kill Timmy. Why couldn't she just bundle him up in blankets and carry him outside? Kristy screamed as a huge clot of dirt and twigs fell from the ceiling. \"Timmy!\" she screamed as the rumbling got louder and more things fell. The plow was closer than ever. Kristy covered Timmy's body with her own as she closed her eyes. It was the end for them. They would be with Jonathan in a moment. All at once, the rumbling stopped as things stopped falling. Kristy opened her eyes and looked around. She was still alive. She looked at Timmy who continued to sleep. Kristy went to the opening hole and crawled outside. She jumped when she saw the farmer's plow sitting right next to the house. \"Elizabeth!\" Kristy called. She ran to the tall grass looking for her sister-in-law and the children. Her ear twitched as she heard sobbing. Kristy ran to the sound and found Elizabeth crying while Auntie Shrew watched in disgust. \"He'll come back tomorrow\", Elizabeth cried. \"I wish Jonathan were here.\" \"Well, he's not\", Auntie Shrew said shaking her head at Elizabeth's actions. \"Stupid.\" \"What happened?\" Kristy asked. \"We managed to stop the plow. Just for today.\" \"I don't know what to do\", Elizabeth sighed. \"Elizabeth\", Kristy said. \"You did what you could. You bought us some more time to figure something out. Now let's go.\" They walked back to find the children. \"The Great Owl will know what to do about this\", Auntie Shrew said. \"You must go see him.\" \"No, I couldn't possibly do that\", Elizabeth gasped. \"Owls eat mice!\" \"Well, child show a little courage!\" Auntie Shrew said. \"We're fighting for Timmy's life!\" Kristy nodded. She saw the children sitting by a nearby tree and looked back to the farmhouse. \"Miss Shrew?\" she said. \"Would you mind watching the children? I need to go and see if a friend of mine is okay.\" \"You do what you have to do\", Auntie Shrew nodded. Kristy hugged the children goodbye before running off to the rosebush.[Chapter 8] Kristy scampered through the fields. It was dangerous out there today. Because of the plow, a lot of animals were driven from their homes and were wandering the field looking for new places to live. And of course there was Dragon. Kristy was kept on her toes the whole trip. Every little noise or movement frightened her thinking it was Dragon or any other animal that could hurt her. The rosebush was less than a mile away. Kristy looked around and sighed in relief. Dragon was nowhere in sight. Kristy took a few steps forward before she heard a growl. She felt warm air behind her, almost as if someone was breathing behind her. Kristy screamed as she turned to see Dragon behind her. The old cat's eyes glowed different colors. His sharp teeth were exposed a he made a sound which was a mix of a roar and a meow. Kristy scrambled to her feet and ran as fast as she could toward the rosebush. \"Brutus!\" she called out. \"Brutus, help!\" She smiled when she saw the large black rat poke his head out of the entrance of the bush. He held his arms out for her as she came running. Kristy jumped into Brutus' arms, making him pull her inside, leaving Dragon to crash into the thorns of the bush. \"Thank you\", Kristy said. \"Do you know where Justin is?\" \"He's down below\", Brutus said. \"The council's gathered and Justin's making sure no trouble happens.\" \"Thanks.\" Kristy started her way down to the bottom of the bush. She noticed that electric cord that the rats stole from the house the other night had been put to use. There were more lights than before lighting up in the bush. She entered the lantern that led to the council and stood as it went underwater. Where the water came from, she didn't know. Kristy waited for the water to drain before stepping out. \"Hello?\" she called out. \"Justin, are you there?\" \"Shh!\" Kristy looked to see Justin standing outside the council room's door. He leaned in and pressed his ear to the door. \"What's going on?\" Kristy asked. \"It's Jenner\", Justin said. \"He's attacking Nicodemus.\" \"Attacking?\" \"He's trying to turn the council against him. He thinks Nicodemus can't lead the rats to a good life anymore.\" \"Oh Justin\", Kristy sighed. Justin looked at her and noticed how tired and upset she looked. He pulled away from the door and wrapped his arms around her. Kristy sighed as she wrapped her arms around him in return. \"I just had the most horrible day ever\", she said. \"It's moving day.\" \"Moving day?\" Justin asked. \"Every spring when the farmer plows through the garden, we have to leave our houses and move to a new one to stay safe. Well, I live with Jonathan's family. His son, Timothy is too sick to even get out of bed. I stayed to protect him. The house was going to fall apart and almost died. Luckily Elizabeth, Jonathan's wife stopped the plow from crushing us.\" Justin held her tight. He had no idea Jonathan had a family that was in this much danger. \"I just had to see you\", Kristy said. \"I don't know what's going to happen and I just wanted to be with you.\" She buried her face in his chest. \"I love you, Justin\", she mumbled. \"What?\" Justin asked shocked. \"I love you\", Kristy repeated. Justin's gaze softened as he picked her up to reach his height. Kristy smiled and wrapped her arms around his neck. \"I love you too\", he said. He leaned in and pressed his lips against hers.[Chapter 9] Kristy smiled as she nuzzled Justin, the tips of their whiskers touching. This moment felt so right. She wanted to stay in his arms forever. \"Ahem.\" Justin and Kristy turned their heads to the council doors. There stood Jenner who watched them with one eyebrow raised. Justin quickly lowered Kristy to her feet and turned to face Jenner. \"There's something I thought I'd see\", Jenner said. \"A rat and a mouse.\" \"Is there something wrong with that?\" Kristy asked. \"No, nothing\", he shrugged. \"That is unless you want to lead the rats to certain death.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Justin asked. \"How would that lead us to death?\" \"You're the captain of the guard. Do you honestly expect us to believe you won't be distracted? You won't shirk your duties all for a…mouse?\" \"Do you have something against mice?\" Kristy asked. \"May I remind you, my brother was a mouse and he's the one who led us all to safety. Mr. Ages is a mouse and he's done so much to help us.\" Jenner chuckled as he crossed his arms. Kristy began to feel uneasy. That chuckle was not pleasant or kind. \"It's not mice I have a problem with\", Jenner said. \"It's you, Kristy.\" Kristy backed away from Jenner, bumping into Justin's legs. Justin put his hands on her shoulders while keeping his eyes on Jenner. \"Kristy hasn't done anything wrong\", he said. \"She's just another distraction\", Jenner said. \"She's just like Nicodemus. Neither of them knows what's best for us.\" \"You're wrong\", Kristy said. \"Nicodemus does know what's best. You don't!\" Both male rats looked at her. Kristy stepped forward and grabbed the tuft of fur beneath Jenner's chin. \"Who are you to judge me?\" she asked. \"You're nobody.\" \"Okay, that's enough\", Justin said as she pulled her back. \"Kristy, let's go.\" He wrapped his arm around her as they walked down the corridor. Kristy looked behind her and glared at Jenner. He raised his eye and gave an unpleasant smile. \"I have to say, you're full of surprises today\", Justin said. \"I know\", Kristy said. \"It's just this whole day.\" Justin let Kristy to his room. It was considerably cozy for a rat his size. She sighed as she took a seat on his bed. It had been a long day and had exhausted Kristy. Justin took a seat beside her as he smoothed her fur back. \"You're tired, aren't you?\" he asked. She nodded. Justin kissed her forehead. He wrapped a blanket around her and got up to leave. \"Justin?\" Kristy wrapped her fingers around Justin's hand. He looked at her and sat down beside her. \"Can you stay with me?\" she asked. \"Please? Just until I go to sleep.\" Justin raised his hand and stroked her cheek. Kristy smiled as she pressed her face into his hand. His touch was so gentle, so soft. She closed her eyes as she let the exhaustion come over her. Justin kissed her forehead and smiled. \"I love you\", he whispered. He got up and walked out of the room, letting her sleep in peace.[Chapter 10] \"Mr. Ages!\" Kristy gasped. Brutus and Justin helped Mr. Ages inside the bush. His leg was twisted and broken. Kristy rushed over to help them. \"What happened?\" she asked. \"Mr. Ages had a little mishap\", Brutus said. \"What kind of mishap? Mr. Ages, do you need anything?\" He shook his head as the two rats sat him down. Kristy brought a pillow to raise Mr. Ages' bad leg. \"What happened?\" she repeated. \"I found a crack in the Fitzgibbons' house\", Mr. Ages said. \"It leads into the kitchen.\" \"And what were you doing in there?\" Kristy asked. She picked up bandages and started wrapping them around his leg. Mr. Ages closed his eyes as he felt the pain in his leg grow. \"I was trying to get inside.\" \"Nicodemus said the plan would occur soon\", Justin helped explain. \"Problem is Dragon. We can't go through the fields with Dragon around. Mr. Ages is the only one of us small enough to fit into the crack and try and drug Dragon.\" Kristy gasped and dropped the bandages. Justin and Mr. Ages looked at her knowing they said the wrong thing. She shook her head before getting up and leaving. \"Kristy\", Justin called. She continued walking through the bush as she wiped a stray tear from her eye. She respected Nicodemus, but it was times like this, she cursed the fact that they were all rats. Why did they have to be bigger than mice? Why did the mice have to do all the hard work? First Jonathan, now Mr. Ages. When would it end? Kristy's ear twitched as she heard footsteps coming toward her. She turned to see Mr. Ages limping toward her, his leg bandaged. \"I'm sorry for leaving like that\", Kristy said. \"No, I understand\", Mr. Ages said. \"I'm sorry if Justin and I reopened old wounds. You know we would never hurt you intentionally.\" She sighed as she hugged him. \"I understand too. I know Nicodemus means no harm, but can't any of the rats do the dangerous work for once? I already lost my brother. I don't want to lose a good friend the same way.\" Mr. Ages reached out and wiped a tear from Kristy's face. Kristy smiled. He was the closest thing she had to a father and she didn't know what she'd do if anything happened to him. \"Do you hear something?\" Mr. Ages asked. Kristy and Mr. Ages' ears moved as they heard a sound. It sounded like rapid footsteps running in their direction. They sounded too light to be the steps of a rat. \"Who goes there?\" Mr. Ages called out. \"Me!\" they heard. \"Elizabeth?\" Kristy gasped.[Chapter 11] Mr. Ages stepped into the light surprised to see Elizabeth catching her breath. \"Mrs. Brisby?\" he said. \"What are you...what are you doing here?\" \"Oh\", Elizabeth gasped. \"Oh thank goodness it's you!\" \"How in thunder did you get in here?\" \"The plow has come early this year\", she said explaining. \"Well, you had better march straight back out the way you came!\" Mr. Ages said turning away. \"I can't bring Timothy out\", Elizabeth continued. \"The chill in the air will kill him!\" \"That's another matter\", he said limping away. \"That doesn't explain what you're doing here.\" \"That big rat chased me away. But I must see Nicodemus! The Owl told me to see Nicodemus!\" \"The Owl?\" Kristy stepped into the light revealing herself to Elizabeth. Elizabeth gasped as she saw her. \"Kristy? What are you doing here?\" \"Is it true?\" Kristy asked. \"Did you really see the Great Owl?\" \"I went to see the Great Owl\", she nodded. \"The Owl?\" Mr. Ages repeated. \"You say you saw...the Owl?\" \"Yes, and he said I should ask for Nicodemus\", Elizabeth said. \"Nicodemus?\" Kristy asked. \"What can he do to help? He's old.\" \"You know him?\" \"Of course we know him\", Mr. Ages said. \"He's the leader of the rats.\" \"Can you please take me to see him?\" Elizabeth asked. \"Yes\", Kristy said taking her hand. \"Come on, let's go.\" Mr. Ages limped ahead of the girls, leading them through the bush. Elizabeth looked around in frightened awe. She had a hard time understanding how Kristy and Mr. Ages were involved with the rats. \"Is it always so dark?\" Elizabeth asked. \"We're down three feet\", Mr. Ages explained. The three of them watched as lights flickered on. The bush was suddenly shining lights of all colors. Elizabeth gasped in wonder and smiled. \"It's the most beautiful sight I've ever seen!\" she gasped. They continued walking through the bush. Kristy looked around for Justin. This was his normal post, but she didn't see him around. Must be listening in on the council again. Kristy and Elizabeth gasped as Mr. Ages was lifted into the air. \"Reveal thy name…\" \"Justin, you featherhead!\" Mr. Ages grumbled. \"Get your hands off me!\" \"Alright, alright, just a joke!\" Justin smiled, putting him down. \"I didn't mean any harm. The meeting's already in progress.\" \"What's this all about?\" he asked. \"Hey, Justin\", Kristy said. Justin turned to smile at her. He then noticed Elizabeth who was looking at him with a loving look in her eyes. Kristy turned to see what Justin was looking at and gasped inwardly. Elizabeth had eyes for Justin? \"Who, may I ask?\" Justin asked. \"Yes, yes, she can be trusted\", Mr. Ages said. \"This is no stranger. My dear, may I present Justin, the captain of the guard. Justin, Mrs. Brisby.\" \"My sister-in-law\", Kristy added. \"It is an honor and a privilege, milady\", Justin said bowing to her. Kristy watched him jealously. She nearly got angry as she watched Elizabeth continue staring at him. \"How beautiful...\" she whispered. \"Ma'am?\" Justin asked. \"Oh!\" Elizabeth said coming to her senses. \"Uh...the lights! They're quite lovely.\" \"Yes, they are\", he agreed. \"We've had electricity for four years now.\" \"Jonathan often spoke of electricity\", Elizabeth said as she walked alongside Justin. \"But you see, our shame is that we're stealing it, from Farmer Fitzgibbons.\" \"Stealing?\" \"All of that is going to change\", Mr. Ages said. Kristy walked behind Justin and Elizabeth watching them with jealousy in her eyes.[Chapter 12] Justin, Mr. Ages, Kristy and Elizabeth stepped into the lantern, going through the water. Mr. Ages turned to Justin remember what he was doing in the first place. \"Oh yes. Why did you send for me?\" \"It's Jenner\", Justin answered. \"He's at it again.\" \"Not Jenner\", Kristy sighed. \"Whatever happened to him? He used to respect Nicodemus.\" \"He's before the Council now\", he added. \"This time he's attacking Nicodemus openly.\" \"And the Plan, no doubt\", Mr. Ages nodded. \"Nothing will come of it\", Justin reassured. \"It'll pass.\" \"I hope so\", Kristy sighed. Mr. Ages shook his head and looked at Justin. \"Beware, boy, he's dangerous\", he said. \"Jenner will be the undoing of the Rats of NIMH.\" Kristy silently gasped as she looked at Justin. She knew Jenner was dangerous. She hoped with all her heart he wouldn't do anything to hurt Justin. The lantern reached the floor. They stepped out after the water drained. \"I'm sorry to come at such a bad time\", Elizabeth said her head lowering. \"I suppose…\" \"No, sweet lady\", Justin sweetly answered as he gently lifted up her chin. \"You are welcome here. We tend to take ourselves a bit too seriously.\" Kristy glared in jealousy as she watched Elizabeth smile at Justin like a young schoolgirl. Justin took Elizabeth's hand and helped her out of the lantern. What was going on? If he was trying to be chivalrous, he was doing too well of a job. He kept his eyes on Elizabeth and smiled as they walked. They walked to the council chamber. Apparently, there was an argument because everyone could hear voices yelling from outside the door. \"The Plan is nothing but folly!\" Jenner said. \"A doddering old fool's fantasy! Nicodemus would have us destroy this colony only to lead us to starvation in some wilderness!\" \"Good old Jenner\", Justin sarcastically said. \"Wait, listen\", Mr. Ages said pressing his ear against the door. They listened as the rats argued back and forth. Jenner started waging ideas to stay in the rose bush and continue to steal from humans. When the council pointed out they'd be discover sooner or later, Jenner came up with the idea…to destroy humans? \"What is he talking about?\" Kristy asked. \"We won't know unless we find out\", Justin said pulling Mr. Ages away from the door and stepping inside. They stepped inside to see Jenner trying to appeal to the council. \"Hear me! The Thorn Valley Plan is the aspiration of idiots and dreamers! We...\" Jenner turned to see Justin and chuckled. \"We were just talking about you\", he said. \"That's refreshing, Jenner\", Justin said. \"Usually you're screaming about us.\" Kristy, along with the council laughed. Jenner rolled his eyes until he spotted Elizabeth. \"Who is that?\" he asked. \"You know the rules, there are no visitors allowed here!\" \"May I present Mrs. Jonathan Brisby\", Justin smiled revealing her to the council. \"She's my sister-in-law\", Kristy mentioned. \"She's not one of us\", Jenner said. \"What's the meaning of this?\" The council started grumbling ignoring Elizabeth, wanting to get back to business. Elizabeth frowned worried until Mr. Ages spoke up. \"Wait, wait! She has been to see the Great Owl! He has told her that we could move the Brisby home to safety.\" \"Her home was Jonathan's home\", Justin said. \"It's my home too\", Kristy said. \"I live there too.\" \"We have urgent problems of our own\", Sullivan, Jenner's right-hand man said. \"Let the lower creatures fend for themselves!\" Another argument broke out between the council. Elizabeth looked around scared that the rats would refuse to help. They were her last hope. Jenner approached Sullivan and began whispering. No one could tell what they were saying, but they knew it couldn't be good. Jenner turned and approached Elizabeth, meeting her eye level on one knee. \"Mrs. Brisby, thousand pardons, my dear!\" he said. \"Forgive the ill temper of my colleague. It would be an honor to assist Jonathan's widow in any way. We are but your humble servants.\" \"Th-thank you\", Elizabeth stuttered. The council smiled as they came to an agreement to help her. Mr. Ages looked at Jenner suspicious of his sudden change in attitude. \"He's up to something\", he said. \"Take Mrs. Brisby to the library. We'll approach Nicodemus when the meeting's over.\"[Chapter 13] Mr. Ages led Kristy and Elizabeth to Nicodemus' chamber. He was busy giving Elizabeth instructions on how to approach Nicodemus with a subject. \"Now don't tire him out\", he said. \"He's very old\", Kristy added. \"Be brief. Say what you want...and leave.\" \"I won't be a bother\", Elizabeth said. \"Justin bothers him enough with all his silly nonsense. I don't know what Nicodemus sees in that boy. I'll come back for you.\" Kristy and Elizabeth watched as Mr. Ages walked away. Kristy crouched down and covered her head. \"Brace yourself\", she said. The door opened with a flash of light and a gust of wind. Elizabeth gasped and jumped to the floor covering her head. The wind and light suddenly vanished, allowing them to come inside. Kristy helped Elizabeth to her feet. They stepped inside and looked around. \"Nicodemus?\" Kristy called. \"Are you awake?\" Elizabeth hid behind Kristy looking afraid. Nicodemus sat in his throne. His eyes glowed with each word he spoke. \"Come closer, my child\", Nicodemus. \"Don't be frightened.\" \"Hello, Nicodemus\", Kristy said bowing her head in respect. \"I hope you are well. This is my sister-in-law, Elizabeth.\" \"Sir\", she began. \"The uh...the Great Owl sent me to you.\" \"Oh, did he? He is a dear comrade... Closer.\" Kristy gently pushed Elizabeth closer. She continued pushing her until she was standing right next to Nicodemus. \"Ah, Mrs. Jonathan Brisby\", he smiled. \"What an honor this is.\" \"How is it that everyone knows Jonathan?\" Elizabeth asked. \"He was a great friend to the Rats of NIMH. He himself came from NIMH.\" Kirsty looked down before looking up to him. \"Your majesty, my family is…\" \"I know of your needs\", Nicodemus said. \"There is a book there. Read the words.\" \"Your journal?\" Kristy asked. \"Oh, no. Sir, we couldn't. Those are your private thoughts.\" \"Mrs. Brisby needs to know about us\", Nicodemus said. \"Go ahead, my dear.\" Elizabeth smiled shyly as she approached the book. \"I can read…a little\", she said. \"Jonathan taught me. The children are better…\" She gasped as she saw the book float above the desk. It opened and fell back to the desk. \"Than…I am…\" Elizabeth climbed on top of the chair looking at the writing, struggling to read. Kristy looked at the book and pointed at the words helping her. \" Jonathan Brisby made possible the rats' escape from the terrible cruelty of NIMH.\" \"Jonathan?\" Elizabeth asked surprised. \" He was…killed…today…while drugging the farmer's cat…Dragon.\" Kristy looked at Elizabeth who was beginning to cry. \"Oh, I...I never knew...just what happened\", Elizabeth cried. \"Why did he never tell me about any of you? Why didn't Kristy ever tell me?\" \"That wasn't my choice\", Kristy said. \"It was necessary for our protection.\" \"I must tell you about NIMH and our Plan\", Nicodemus said pointing to a device on the other side of the room. \"Go! Look there!\" Kristy and Elizabeth looked in awe at the device. They watched as it came to life, as wind gusted and light flashed bright. The watched as images appeared in the device. The watched as rats ran through the streets with humans gathering them into traps and nets. \"In the beginning, we were ordinary street rats, stealing our daily bread and living off the efforts of man's work\", Nicodemus explained. \"We were captured, put in cages, and sent to a place called NIMH. There were many animals there...in cages. They were put through the most unspeakable tortures to satisfy some scientific curiosity. Often at night I would hear them, crying out in anguish. 20 rats and 12 mice were given injections...our world began changing...\" Kristy covered her eyes. She couldn't watch as the device showed the rats' and mice's painful transformation from the injections. Elizabeth watched as the rats and mice began escaping their cages. \"Then one night I looked upon the words under the cage door...and understood them. We had become intelligent. We could read. The miracle was kept secret from the scientists, and in the quiet of the night, we escaped through the ventilation system. The mice were blown away, sucked down dark air-shafts to their deaths. All except three...Jonathan, Mr. Ages, and Kristy. We were trapped by a locked door on the roof. It was Jonathan who made possible the unlocking of the door.\" Elizabeth and Kristy looked away as the image of Jonathan disappeared. Nicodemus held a box in his hand. \"I have a gift\", he said. \"Come. Jonathan meant it for you.\" He opened the box and pulled out the amulet Kristy saw earlier. Elizabeth gasped and smiled as she looked at the gold and ruby in it. \"Oh...It's so beautiful!\" \"It sleeps\", Nicodemus said. \"Sleeps?\" Kristy and Elizabeth asked. \"Yes\", he explained. \"When worn by one with a courageous heart, the Stone glows red. It becomes a blinding radiance. Courage of the heart is very rare. The Stone has a power when it's there.\" \"Oh, look!\" Elizabeth said looking at the back of the amulet. \"You can…unlock any door…if you only had the key. Oh, thank you. I will treasure it, always.\" She smiled as Nicodemus placed the amulet around her neck. She looked up as Nicodemus continued. \"Jonathan never told you about NIMH because the injections slowed the aging process\", he said. \"You see, you would have grown old while he remained young.\" They turned as there was a knock on the door. Justin smiled as he stepped inside. \"Nicodemus?\" he said. \"The boats are ready and waiting. We can leave any time.\" \"Good.\" Kristy helped Nicodemus to his feet as his staff floated to his hand. The three of them walked to the door. \"My child, shall we journey to your home?\" he said. \"Sir?\" Elizabeth said. \"Tonight we shall move your house to the protected side of the stone.\" \"The lee of the stone!\" she smiled. Elizabeth walked ahead to join Justin. Kristy looked down as Justin smiled at Elizabeth, walking with her. \"Jealousy is an ugly thing\", Nicodemus said. \"Sir?\" Kristy asked confused. \"You must not let your feelings control your actions\", he said. \"I know Justin and you share something special. Mrs. Brisby will never change that.\" He placed his hand on her shoulder, earning a smile from Kristy.[Chapter 14] \"So tell us how you plan to move our home\", Kirsty said as she, Elizabeth and Nicodemus rode in a boat with Justin rowing. \"Won't we have to worry about any other animals seeing you?\" \"What about Dragon?\" Elizabeth asked. \"Sometimes, when we have a large project that takes us into the open, Mr. Ages makes up a sleeping powder to give to Dragon\", Justin began explaining. \"How do you get him to take it?\" she asked. Someone must go into the farmhouse kitchen and put it in his dish. The only way into the kitchen is through a tiny hole in the floor. Ages tried it yesterday. That's how he broke...\" \"Broke his leg\", Elizabeth finished. They all heard a loud rumble coming from above. Kristy and Elizabeth gasped as a large rock fell from above, falling into the water near them. Kristy held onto Justin as the boat rocked violently. \"That was close\", he sighed. \"What's up there?\" Elizabeth asked. \"The mill\", Justin answered. \"It's falling apart. Hope it stays up there, at least until we've done with the Plan.\" \"What is the Plan?\" she asked. \"To live without stealing, of course\", Nicodemus answered. \"And it involved you leaving the farm?\" Kristy asked. \"Going to Thorn Valley?\" \"My child, we can no longer live as rats\", he explained. \"We know too much.\" \"But…if you leave, I'll never see you again…\" \"Don't be silly\", Justin said. \"I want you to come with us.\" \"But…my family…\" Elizabeth smiled and looked at her. \"If you want to go, it's okay\", she said. \"The children and I will be alright.\" Justin rowed the boat to land. Kristy got out of the boat, helping Elizabeth asked. \"Um...your Majesty?\" Elizabeth said. \"Kristy and I should go prepare the children, for tonight.\" \"We shall wait here until dark\", Nicodemus said nodding. \"Um...About Dragon\", Elizabeth said. \"Maybe...Oh nothing. Goodbye!\" Kristy followed Elizabeth as they left to go back to their home. She watched as Elizabeth ran back to Nicodemus and Justin. \"I volunteer…for Dragon!\" \"Oh no, Mrs. Brisby!\" Justin gasped. \"Nicodemus, this is no job for her!\" \"Elizabeth, think about what you're doing\", Kristy said. \"We just lost Justin the same way. We can't afford to lose you too.\" \"Please\", Elizabeth begged Nicodemus. \"As you wish\", he answered. \"Alright\", Justin sighed. \"I'll meet you at the west side of the farmhouse at dusk.\" \"Thank you. Goodbye!\" Kristy followed her sister-in-law back through the fields. \"You're either incredibly brave or incredibly crazy\", she said. \"I must be crazy\", Elizabeth mumbled. Running home along a pond, they stopped as they saw a water lily moving fast across the water. It bumped into a rock, making a stick from underneath flying off. \"Excuse me, pardon me.\" \"Jeremy?\" Elizabeth asked. They watched as a large black crow jump out of the water. \"Shh!\" he said. \"I'm being followed.\" \"Elizabeth, who is this?\" Kristy asked trying not to laugh. \"This is Jeremy\", she answered. \"He's a friend of mine. He took me to see the Great Owl.\" \"Shh!\" Jeremy said. \"There's a crazy lady with a hat! She's got big teeth! She tied me up! And then I...oh…\" His eyes widened as he looked at the amulet around Elizabeth's neck. He leaned in close getting a better look. \"Ooh…a sparkly…\" \"What?\" Elizabeth said backing away. \"You're wearing a sparkly! Can I hold? Oh, please, can I?\" \"Jeremy, listen\", Elizabeth said to him while he was clearly not listening. \"I need lots and lots of string.\" \"String…\" \"To move the block!\" Move...the block…Hey, I've got string!\" \"Oh, do you?\" Kristy asked trying not to laugh. \"Pay attention!\" Elizabeth said. \"Go get all the string you can.\" \"But, that'll take all day!\" Jeremy frowned. \"Good!\" she said. \"Get going!\" Jeremy picked up the stick he was breathing through, and ducked back under the lily. Just as Elizabeth and Kristy turned, he came back out and leaned very close to Elizabeth. \"I just thought I'd mention in passing...I've always wanted a sparkly of my very own.\" \"Get out of here!\" Kristy said slapping his beak. \"Sure!\" Jeremy said diving back underwater. \"Uh...Excuse me. Pardon me. Bye!\" \"How do you put up with him?\" Kristy asked. \"When you become a mother, you learn to be patient\", Elizabeth answered.[Chapter 15] Elizabeth and Kristy went back to their home. They were confused to see a bunch of string lying around. Auntie Shrew and the children were busy cleaning it all up. \"Miss Shrew\", Kristy said looking around. \"What exactly happened here?\" \"Giant hoodlum, that's what happened\", Auntie Shrew answered. \"The foolish crow came around thinking he could pilfer the house.\" \"Jeremy?\" Elizabeth asked. \"He's not a bad person. He's the one who took me to see the Great Owl.\" \"Poppycock!\" she scoffed. \"Look\", Elizabeth said. \"I need you and the children to help prepare. The rats from the rosebush are coming to move the house. I need to go help prepare for tonight.\" \"Are you sure you're going to be okay?\" Kristy asked. Elizabeth nodded and ran off to meet Justin at the farmhouse. She looked back to see Auntie Shrew and the children going inside. She quickly followed them to see they weren't prepared at all to be moved. Instead, Auntie Shrew insisted on them washing clothes. \"Rats? Rats?\" she mumbled outraged. \"They'll be here any minute\", Kristy said. \"Miss Shrew please help prepare. We need to tie everything down before they move the house.\" \"Wrong!\" Auntie Shrew said. \"Not while I'm keeping watch!\" \"Auntie Shrew, Auntie Kristy, I'm not afraid\", Cynthia sweetly said. \"There's no need to be afraid\", Kristy said. \"I'm going to go outside and wait for them. They'll need my help. Miss Shrew, please tie down everything and make sure Timmy's alright. Don't be afraid.\" She crawled out of the hole going outside. She was surprised to see practically all the rats from the rosebush come to help. Even Nicodemus sat a distance away to watch the progress. Mr. Ages sat on the stone watching the rats beginning to rig the ropes around the block. \"Justin\", Kristy gasped as he ran to join them. She hugged him and looked around. \"Where's Elizabeth?\" Justin looked down. \"I said I would go back for her later\", he said. \"Justin?\" Kristy said not liking the sound of that. \"The Fitzgibbons saw her in the house\", Justin said. \"They caught her. Don't worry, she's still alive. She's just locked in a cage.\" Her tail went straight as she looked at him in horror. Justin patted her shoulder and walked past her. They would have time to talk later. They had to get the house moved while Dragon was asleep. Kristy looked up as it began to rain as everyone began to work. She held onto the ropes as the block began moving. She watched amazed as the rats worked hard, lifting the house out of the mud. \"Children, are you alright?\" Kristy yelled in the hole. \"Auntie Kristy, what's going on?\" Martin asked. \"Everything's alright\", she said. \"The house is being moved right now.\" Kirsty held onto the rope and watched the progress. Justin stood on the stone giving orders to the rats. Nicodemus sat below the block, watching it. Jenner and Sullivan stood by the ropes on the ground keeping their eyes on Nicodemus. Kristy gasped as she felt the rock stop in midair. The rock began shaking as the ropes began loosening. \"Justin, what's going on?\" she asked. The block shook again, making Kristy hold onto the ropes tightly. She watched as the rats scattered as the machinery fell apart. The ropes snapped, making the block fall to the mud. Kristy screamed as she fell. The pieces of wood came apart hitting Nicodemus, knocking him to the ground. \"Justin!\" Kristy said. \"Don't worry about me! Nicodemus is hurt!\" He nodded and went to the rubble with a group of rats. They pushed their way past the wood looking for Nicodemus. \"We've got to hurry! Come on, come on! Ok, I see him!\" Justin stopped as they looked ahead of them. All they could see were more pieces of wood. Among the wreckage, Nicodemus' hand hung limp. Nicodemus was dead. \"Oh no\", Justin looked away. \"No…\"[Chapter 16] \"Children!\" Kristy said knocking on the stone block. \"Children, are you alright?\" \"I think we're okay\", Theresa said. \"What's happening, Auntie Kristy?\" \"We ran into a little…delay\", Kristy said trying not to cause any more panic. \"You just sit tight and we'll get the house moved, okay?\" She looked to see the rats surrounding the block wondering what to do now. Jenner stood in front of the block, stopping everyone's progress. \"Friends...we cannot move the Brisby home\", he said. \"But we just can't leave it here in the mud\", Mr. Ages said. \"The equipment is in shambles.\" \"Just because of that, you'd let four innocent children stay trapped inside?\" Kristy glared. \"You disgust me, you…you…\" \"One day we shall journey to Thorn Valley just as Nicodemus wanted\", Jenner said changing subjects. \"But not now. Come. Let us return to the rosebush where we belong.\" She glared as he turned to leave. None of the other rats seemed to want to follow him. They stood where they were as a voice came yelling. \"Justin…Justin…!\" \"Mrs. Brisby?\" Mr. Ages turned his head to the voice. \"Elizabeth!\" Kristy gasped. \"What happened? Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine. Mr. Ages, what happened?\" Elizabeth gasped as she saw the block stuck in the mud. \"The children!\" \"They're alright\", Kristy said. \"I just spoke to them. They're alright.\" Mr. Ages shook his head as he looked away. Tears came to his eyes, a sight no one who knew him had ever seen. \"Nicodemus is...dead\", he said. Elizabeth held Mr. Ages as he sobbed into her chest. Kristy's ears flattened against her head as she looked down. She looked up as Elizabeth began talking urgently. \"You're in great danger. NIMH is coming!\" Kristy gasped as her fur stood on end. NIMH? Coming here to the farm? Jenner glared at Elizabeth turning to the rats. \"Come, come, let's return to the rosebush\", he said. \"NIMH is coming!\" Elizabeth repeated running to his side. \"NIMH?\" one rat asked. \"In the morning!\" she answered. \"NIMH?\" \"Yes. You will all die unless you leave the farm tonight.\" \"Lies!\" Jenner growled. \"Jenner, shut your trap and listen to her!\" Kristy yelled finally having enough of him. \"What if it's true?\" the rats asked. \"We'll all be killed!\" \"Don't listen!\" Jenner said. \"She's hysterical!\" \"Get out now!\" Elizabeth said. \"You get out! I've had enough!\" Jenner raised his hand and backhanded Elizabeth. Kristy gasped as Elizabeth was sent flying into the mud. Jenner threw back his cape and pulled out a sword. \"Jenner, stop!\" Kristy said. She jumped onto Jenner's back, pulling back his ears, trying to keep him from attacking Elizabeth. Jenner growled as he grabbed Kristy's tail, pulling her off him. He threw her in the mud next to Elizabeth. \"Jenner!\" Jenner swung his sword, cutting Kristy across the face. She gasped and backed away from him as Justin came to help. \"Jenner, stop this!\" he said. Everyone glanced at Elizabeth as the red stone on the amulet suddenly flashed red. Jenner froze as his eyes widened. \"The stone...\" \"Jenner...\" Justin warned him. \"Get out of my way!\" Jenner pushed Justin away from Kristy and Elizabeth. He swung his sword, slashing Justin's arm. \"Justin!\" Kristy screamed as she saw blood oozing from his wound.[Chapter 17] Jenner leapt toward Elizabeth trying to grab the amulet from her neck. She struggled as hard as she could more frightened than before. \"I want that stone!\" Jenner yelled. \"Jenner!\" Justin yelled. He ran up to Jenner, kicking him off of Elizabeth. Kristy watched in fear as Jenner got back up to attack Justin who had no weapon. \"Somebody help him!\" she yelled to the rats. \"Justin!\" Sullivan called, running to him with his sword. \"Justin, my sword!\" He threw his sword to Justin. Jenner growled and turned to Sullivan and swung his sword, slashing him across the chest. Kristy gasped as she saw him fall to the ground and turned to see Justin and Jenner begin to fight. She knelt down next to Sullivan putting her hand on his chest to try and stop the bleeding, but kept her eyes on Justin. \"It was you\", he said dodging Jenner's attacks. \"You did it! You killed Nicodemus. That was no accident!\" \"Yes, I killed him!\" Jenner swung his sword at Justin again. Justin blocked the attack but was knocked down into the mud. \"Justin!\" Kristy gasped. \"He wanted to destroy everything!\" Jenner said approaching him. \"I've learned this much: Take what you can, when you can!\" \"Then you've learned nothing!\" Justin spat as he got up. Jenner raised his sword to attack again. Justin kicked a piece of wreckage in front of him to distract him. He saw his opening and stabbed Jenner, making him drop his sword. The rats all watched in disbelief as Justin threw his sword down. \"Friends, tonight we journey to Thorn Valley\", he said. \"We will leave no tracks. No evidence that the Rats of NIMH ever existed. Come.\" Jenner glared and picked up his sword. Elizabeth saw him and gasped pointing. \"Justin, look out!\" Kristy yelled. She looked down to see Sullivan moving very weakly. He pulled a knife from his belt looking at Jenner. Using the last bit of strength he had, he threw the knife into Jenner's back, before falling dead. Everyone watched as Jenner fell to the ground, dead as well. The rats gathered around Jenner's back, while Elizabeth looked away. Kristy noticed the sad look on her face and followed her as she walked to the house. \"Elizabeth, are you okay?\" she asked. \"So much death\", he mumbled. \"All because of me.\" \"No, it's not\", she said. \"Jenner's been this way for a long time. Something was bound to happen sooner or later.\" \" Hello, is anybody up there?\" \"Martin?\" Elizabeth gasped pressing her ear to the stone block. \" Mother, are we almost moved?\" Theresa asked. \"Soon now…\" \"Stay calm\", Kristy told her. \"I can see the doorway. I'm going to try and get them out of there.\" She dug into the mud, crawling through the hole in the block, barely making it inside. The house was a complete wreck inside with everything tossed about. \"Auntie Kristy!\" the kids smiled and hugged her. \"Come on\", Kristy said. \"We've got to get you out of here.\" She stopped as she felt something thick and wet fall onto her head. Kristy looked up to see mud dripping inside the house. She looked in the doorway to see mud flooding it. \" Justin, the block!\" they heard from above. \"It's sinking!\" \"Elizabeth!\" Kristy screamed in fear. The mud was quickly filling up the block. The children were frightened as they climbed on the furniture to stay safe. \"Mother!\" Theresa cried. \"Mother!\" \"What's all that black stuff?\" Cynthia asked beginning to cry. \"Come on, Teresa\", Martin said. \"Get up on the table!\" \"What about Timmy?\" Theresa asked. Kristy gasped looking into the other room. \"You three stay together\", she said. \"I'll go get your brother.\" She struggled to make her way through the mud, into the bedroom. She gasped to see it was nearly flooded with mud. Timmy sure was a heavy sleeper because he was still in bed sleeping through everything. \"Timmy!\" Kristy yelled trying to wake him up. She struggled through the thick mud. It had reached up to her chin and was filling up quickly. \"JUSTIN!\" she screamed as she pressed her hands against the ceiling trying to breathe. The mud closed in around Kristy, sending her and the children into darkness.[Chapter 18] Elizabeth gasped as Justin pulled her out of the mud. She couldn't stop struggling against him as she watched her house sink with her children and Kristy inside it. The rats looked down in despair knowing they had failed to save Jonathan Brisby's family. Elizabeth looked away holding back the tears in her eyes. Justin felt his own heart breaking. Kristy was in that house, now she was gone along with it. Everyone looked up as they saw Elizabeth's amulet rise from the mud. The red stone was glowing as it floated toward her. In the center, they could see Nicodemus' face and hear his voice. \"Courage of the heart is very rare...the stone has a power when it's there.\" \"The stone...\" Elizabeth murmured. She kept her eyes on the stone as she reached out for it. The minute she touched it, it burst into flame. Elizabeth gasped in pain, letting go and sending it into the mud. She grasped the amulet again, this time she held it in her hands, letting the power of the stone fill her. Elizabeth looked at the rope that led to the block beneath the mud. The minute she touched it, the power of the stone surged from her hands, through the rope, going to the house. The rats watched in disbelief as the Brisby home rose out from the mud intact. The mud that filled the house leaked out of it as the power of the stone guided the house to the safe spot beneath the large stone. The house gently fell into place as the power left the rope and left Elizabeth. Justin watched as she collapsed to the ground, completely drained of power. \"Mrs. Brisby?\" Justin said stepping closer to her. Mr. Ages looked at her, noticing her hands looked terribly burnt. Other than that, she was still breathing, still alive. \"She'll be alright, my boy\", he said. \"Right now, she needs to go home.\" Justin picked her up and carried her to the house. He looked inside to see what a complete wreck it was. The children laid across the room sleeping peacefully. Justin looked at the amulet surprised. The stone brought them all back safe and alive. He looked up and went into the room to see Kristy sleeping on the floor by the bed that belonged to the sick child who lay asleep. \"Kristy?\" Kristy's ear twitched as her eyes opened. \"Justin?\" She looked up to see Justin holding Elizabeth in his arms. Kristy gasped and got up. \"Elizabeth!\" she said. \"Is she alright?\" \"She's fine\", Justin said. \"She's just tired.\" He carried Elizabeth to her bed, laying her down on it. Elizabeth yawned as she opened her eyes. \"Justin...?\" \"Don't speak\", he said. \"You need to get some rest.\" \"Where am I?\" Elizabeth asked. \"You're home now. The house is saved. Everything's going to be alright. The rats and I need to go. It's almost morning and Thron Valley's a long way off.\" \"Justin...\" Elizabeth and Justin looked at Kristy who was looking at him with tears in her eyes. \"I...I want to go with you!\" she said. Kristy wrapped her arms around him as she nuzzled him, their whiskers touching. Justin held her and nuzzled her back. \"I love you, Justin\", Kristy said. \"I want to be with you. I want to go with you to Thorn Valley, but...it's going to be hard to say goodbye to my family.\" \"Kristy, it's alright\", Elizabeth said. \"I know you want to go and it's alright.\" She smiled and looked at the amulet around her neck. \"I want you to have this. Something to remember me by.\" Kristy watched Elizabeth surprised as she pulled the amulet off. She looked at it not sure if she could accept it. \"But...Jonathan left it for you\", she said. \"I know\", Elizabeth said. \"And now I leave it to you. I hope you and Justin will be happy.\" She closed her eyes as she went back to sleep. Tears came to Kristy's eyes as she smiled. \"Thank you, Elizabeth\", she said. \"I promise to keep in touch.\" Elizabeth smiled as she watched her children play in peace. Timmy had finally woken up and was finally starting to get better. Jeremy finally found Miss Right and flew into the sky to start a new life with her. All was the way it should be. Elizabeth wondered how Justin and Kristy were doing since them and the rats left for Thorn Valley. \"Look, mother!\" Theresa said pointing up to the sky. A dragonfly came bearing a note. Elizabeth took it, wondering who it was from. \"Dear Elizabeth, The rats and I have made it to Thorn Valley. It's such a beautiful place. There's room for us all to live here in peace, away from the humans. I do miss you and the children. I wish you were here. Justin has been named the new leader of the rats. Even better, he and I are due to be married. I miss you guys. I hope someday we can meet again. Give my love to the children. Love, Kristy\" Elizabeth's family is safe and Kristy and Justin are getting married. What will happen in the future? find out in my next story! ","Summary":" I recently watched the Secret of NIMH and now I remember why I like it so much. The story and the c"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"A Change Of Heart","Author":"CrackshipQueen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9877870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own any of the characters, nor do I own Yours, Mine, and Ours. My name is Phoebe North. I have Seventeen brothers and sisters. It wasn't always that way. It started out with me, and from there, Mom had Dylan. After a while, she began to adopt children. She had Mick and Aldo and before we knew it, there were ten of us. Dad died, leaving mom heartbroken. Until she ran into a former fiancé. Frank Beardsley, the admiral, who just so happened to have Eight kids. He asked my mother to marry him soon after, and we moved into a lighthouse. But, enough about the past. Let's skip to the present. We really do not like each other. Our families constantly feud, and let's face it, we should not be anywhere near each other. They're all well-mannered and we're pretty free-spirited. We couldn't be more different. But, our parents don't seem to care. I guess that's what love can do to someone. Make them totally blind to everyone around them. I guess I wouldn't know. I've never felt something so strong towards anyone. Anyways, let's get to the present. Okay, I know it's short, and pretty bad but, review, please?[Chapter 2] Okay, I know the last chapter sucked, but if you're still reading this chapter, thanks for the support! I don't own Yours, Mine and Ours. *Phoebe's Point Of View* I sat down on my bed, enjoying the few moments of peace and silence I had, because I knew Christina was going to barge in any minute and accuse me of something I didn't do. As I predicted, she stepped in, crossing her arms. \"I know you took my shorts.\" She said, glaring at me. I rolled my eyes at her. \"I wouldn't wear your things if it were the last pieces of clothing on this planet.\" I mumbled, getting up and walking out of the room. I heard her gasp in shock and slam the door as I giggled softly. I walked down the steps, bumping into Michael. \"Watch it.\" I mumbled, walking past him and into the kitchen. As I entered, I heard William and Dylan arguing. I shook my head, grabbing the jug of Lemonade out of the fridge and pouring some into a glass. \"Dude, you are so lame.\" I heard Dylan say to William, walking out of the room. I tried not to laugh, as I didn't want to get in the middle. William rolled his eyes. \"That kid.\" He mumbled, sitting down at the table. I sat down on the opposite end, trying to avoid a conversation with the oldest Beardsley boy. I looked at him, studying him for a moment. He wasn't bad looking, for a Beardsley. No, Phoebe, you are not allowed to think like that! I reminded myself. Suddenly, William glanced over at me and I quickly glanced away, hoping he hadn't seen me. William sighed, getting up and walking out of the room. I shrugged, silently thanking God. I also got up, going to find Dylan. I walked out of the kitchen, bumping into Mick, who was secretly my favorite sibling. \"Come with me.\" I said, beginning to go upstairs. I knocked on Dylan and William's door, putting my hands on my hips, impatiently. William opened the door, looking at Dylan. \"I'm guessing it's for you.\" He mumbled, going and sitting back down at his desk. Dylan came to the door, looking at me. \"What's up?\" He asked, raising an eyebrow. I just looked at him, pulling him into the hallway and shutting the door. \"We need to talk in the light house now.\" I said and he nodded walking up there with Mick and I. \"What's wrong?\" He asked. \"We have got to get these Beardsley kids! They're out of control!\" I exclaimed, rolling my eyes. \"I agree. Let's just play it out like we're friendly, and then, as soon as they do one thing wrong, we go in for the kill.\" He said with a shrug. I had to admit, for this to be one of Dylan's plans, it was good. So, I nodded in agreement. \"Let's tell the others.\" I said as we went to each of the North kid's rooms, telling them the plan. They all immediately agreed. It was only six o'clock and we were already ready to be friendly. I sat down at the dinner table, looking around at everyone. We began to eat and talk amongst ourselves. \"What should I do?\" I whispered to Dylan. \"The same thing everyone else is doing. Be friendly.\" He whispered back, eating his food. I rolled my eyes, looking at Harry. \"Hey, Harry.\" I mumbled with a small smile. I was really terrible at this. \"Hi.. Phoebe..\" Harry mumbled back, a bit of confusion on his face. \"I was just wondering if you wanted me to take you to the mall tomorrow?\" I said, taking a sip of my lemonade. \"Are you hitting on me?\" Harry asked, causing me to spit my lemonade in William's face, since he was sitting across from me. By now, we had everyone's attention. \"I am so sorry!\" I exclaimed to William as everyone, including him, began to laugh. He got up, walking into the other part of the kitchen. I sighed, getting up and following him. \"William, I am so sorry.\" I said, shaking my head. \"Hey, don't worry about it. I heard what happened. It's fine.\" He said, looking at me. A small smile grew on my face, as I handed him something to wipe his face off with. \"Thanks.\" He mumbled. I nodded, going back to the table with everyone else. I could see everyone glancing at me, but I really didn't care. I was much more worried about the fact that I'd let my guard down around Will. Phoebe, you were only supposed to pretend! I reminded myself. After a while, I got up, leaving the rest of the family. I went to my room, getting my pajamas, then I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and change, once I was done, I went back to my bedroom, laying down on my bed. I stared at the ceiling for a while, deep in thought, until I finally couldn't stay awake any longer. What do you guys think? Good? Bad? Oh well, review, please? Thanks![Chapter 3] Okay, so, this is the next chapter! I hope you enjoy. I do not own the characters, nor do I own Yours, Mine and Ours. I woke up the next morning, yawning softly. It was my turn to get in the shower so I grabbed my towel and some clothes, exiting my bedroom. I walked out of my room, checking the schedules. I growled when I'd realized that somehow the schedules were changed. The rest of the North kids also stood outside, waiting for our turns. I rolled my eyes, banging on the door. \"Christina! Hurry up! Your face can't hold that much make-up!\" I exclaimed. \"It's her time.\" Joni mumbled. \"No, it's not. I checked the schedule last night.\" I replied. \"Those stupid preppy's must have changed it!\" Mick exclaimed. \"Let's pound 'em!\" Lau said, hitting his hand with his fist for effect. \"You know.. Nothing says get out of the bathroom like a fire.\" Dylan said with a smirk. I grinned at him, as we all began to hide. We got a small torch, setting it on fire and Dylan held it up to the fire alarm. \"FIRE!\" He exclaimed, hiding as everyone began to run out of the house. We all began to laugh. \"One point for the North kids!\" I exclaim happily. \"Let's go watch?\" Joni suggests as we all run into the bedrooms and look out the window. They see us in the window as we all begin to laugh. \"Nice towel Christina!\" I say with a giggle. \"Yeah, cute boxers William.\" Dylan said. They all began to get angry, as we proceeded to the showers. Afterwards, we had a family meeting, then it was off to school. I felt pretty bad about earlier. Some of the Beardsley's aren't too bad… It's mainly Christina. I shrugged, walking to my locker and putting my things away. Once I did that, I headed to the bus. As I got on, I sat down next to William, which Dylan was not impressed by at all. I looked at William, trying to think of something to say. You look cute shirtless. No, I can't say that! I don't really know what to do at this point, so I pull out a book, and begin reading. \"I love that book.\" William mumbled, looking at me, then out the window. I look up at him. \"Yeah, me too.\" I say with a smile, looking back at my book. Then, the bus pulls up at our house, letting all of us off. I got off and Dylan grabbed me by the arm. He pulled me all the way to the light part of the house before letting me go. \"What was that?\" He asked me. \"I was being friendly. Like you suggested. And it was just a spot on the bus, Dylan.\" I said, rolling my eyes. \"Yes, but there was a spot right next to me you could've sat in!\" He exclaimed. \"And after this morning, we don't really have to be friendly.\" He added. I sighed and nodded. \"Okay. No more talking to William.\" I said with a nod. \"Good. Then we're agreed.\" Dylan replied, nodding and walking downstairs. I sighed, also walking downstairs. I got into my room, throwing my purse on my bed and walking down to the kitchen. I grabbed a glass of lemonade, sitting on the counter. Strangely, no one was around. I looked around, shrugging. I hopped down off the counter, putting my glass in the sink. \"Where'd they all go?\" I mumbled to myself. I sighed, going up to my room. I walked in, and there sat Christina, talking on the phone, as usual. \"Where is everyone?\" I asked. She rolled her eyes. \"Their rooms. Where do you think?\" She said, sarcastically. I rolled my eyes, walking out of my room. I started walking to the room I knew I shouldn't go to, but I couldn't help it. The next thing I know, I was knocking on William's door. He opened the door with a smile. \"Are you trying to spit in my face again? Or maybe get me outside in my underwear?\" He said, sarcastically. I rolled my eyes. \"Where's my Brother?\" I asked. \"With the rest of our family…\" William said. He said our family. Maybe he is tired of the war as well. I thought to myself. \"Where is our family?\" I asked, trying not to smile. \"I believe they are fishing. They said the older kids could stay home if we wanted to.\" He stated. \"Why was I not informed of this and if the older kids are staying home, that would mean Dylan is here, right?\" I asked. He just shrugged and smiled at me. \"Come with me.\" He mumbled softly, taking my hand. I felt my heart begin to beat rapidly as I tried to ignore it. Phoebe, he's your step brother. Calm down. I reminded myself, keeping my cool. He led me to the top of the lighthouse. \"What are we doing up here?\" I asked, looking at him. \"I know you hate the constant fighting, and so do I. Let's start a friendship. Maybe the others will follow in our footsteps.\" He stated, looking at me. I simply shook my head. \"I'm not even supposed to talk to you.\" I said, shaking my head and going back to my room. My family came home at Seven, luckily, it was a Friday, so, we could stay up as late as we wanted. I decided to skip out on dinner tonight and go for a nice walk. I walked around for a while, until I finally began to feel as though someone or something was following me. \"Is someone there?\" I asked, cautiously, remembering my phone was at home. I turned around and… \"BOO!\" William exclaimed in my face as I began to scream. Before I knew it, his nose was bleeding because of my fist. \"William, I am so sorry!\" I said, feeling pretty embarrassed with myself. Kiss him, Phoebe. No, quit. You can't think like that! He's your step-brother. He just held his nose and nodded. \"Come on, let's get you home.\" I said, helping him back to the house. I really did feel bad but it wasn't all my fault. We walked into the house, going into the kitchen. \"Frank, we're home!\" I exclaimed. I helped William clean himself up before going back to the top of light lighthouse to be by myself. Why don't you just admit that you love him, Phoebe? He's all you can think about. He's all you even see anymore. Give up the act and tell- No! I can't! I must stop thinking like this. I don't like him. I sighed, biting my lip and standing up. \"I should get to bed.\" I mumbled, going down to my room. I grabbed some pajamas and went to the bathroom to change. When I was finished, I brushed my teeth, then went back to my room. I lied down in my bed, looking at the ceiling. There was only one thing on my mind. William Beardsley.[Chapter 4] Hi, thanks for reading! I don't own Yours, Mine and Ours. I woke up, gasping for air. I had a dream that William and I had fallen in love, and got married. I let myself calm down, getting out of my bed. I combed out my hair, throwing it up in a ponytail. I went down to join the rest of the family for breakfast. I sat down next to Dylan, smiling at him as I began to eat. After breakfast, we began our agenda. Christina and I were working in the living room. As we all began to work, Christina looked at me. \"Did you just splatter paint at me?\" She asked her voice full of anger. \"What are you talking about?\" I asked with a laugh, shaking my head. Then, I realized she was wearing my shirt. \"Are you wearing my shirt?\" I asked. \"Yeah, thank god!\" Christina said. I grabbed for my shirt, accidentally ripping it. I gasped angrily, grabbing my paint brush. I wiped some paint on her as we began to slash each other with paint. The next thing I knew, it was complete chaos. Paint was flying everywhere and everyone was fighting, with the exception of Michael and William. William and Michael came running down the stairs, trying to calm everyone down. Mick's dog bumped into a bucket of Blue paint, causing it to fall right on top of their heads. Right after the paint fell on them, Frank and Mom came in. Frank slipped on some paint, landing face first into some yellow paint. I saw William laugh. Wow, even with Blue paint covering him, he is still cute. I thought to myself. Frank began to give us a lecture about being a family, which I paid no mind to. Afterwards, everyone cleaned up and went to their rooms. At about Ten P.M. William called all of the kids to the light house. \"What is this all about?\" I asked, looking at him. \"It's time to call a truce. The real enemy here is Mom and Dad. We're all in this together.\" William said, looking around at us. His eyes stopped on me, waiting for me to say something clever. Christina rolled her eyes. \"Some of us are in this together… Others are busy cornering the boyfriend market.\" She said, rolling her eyes. \"You stole my shirt. Now, we're even.\" I said, crossing my arms. \"Guys.\" William interrupted. \"How do we split them up?\" Mick asked. \"Easy. Who knows how to annoy our parents more than us?\" William asked, an evil grin playing across his face. This side of him is definitely hot. I thought, biting my lip. We all left, going our separate ways. Since it was a Saturday night, I decided to go sit outside for a while and just stare at the water. I sat there like that for a while, until William came out, sitting next to me. \"Hey.\" He mumbled, looking at me with his beautiful milk chocolate eyes. My heart almost melted in my chest. I smiled at him. \"Hey, William.\" I said, looking at the water. \"What's up?\" He asked, looking at me. I sighed, looking at him. \"I'm going to sleep.\" I said, standing up and going inside. I changed into pajamas, and brushed my teeth, going to my bed. I fell asleep instantly. I woke up the next morning, getting dressed quickly and walking out of the bathroom. I went to William's door, knocking. He opened it, a huge grin on his face. I must say, I am feeling a lot better about the plan. \"What's first on our agenda?\" I whisper. He grins. \"Follow me.\" He said as Dylan, Christina, and I follow him. We approach Mick, Jimi, and Michael's bedroom door. I raise my eyebrow at him as he knocks. Mick opens the door with a yawn. \"What?\" He asked. \"We need Fiona.\" Will said, looking at Mick. Mick nodded, grabbing the pig. William whispered something in Mick's ear and he laughed and nodded. \"What?\" I asked. \"We're going to have Fiona get in the bed with my Dad and kiss him… And hopefully he'll kiss back.\" William said with a laugh. I heard Frank holler for my Mom as I began to laugh along with William. Christina and Dylan joined in as Mick rejoined us. \"Done.\" He said. We each gave him a high-five as he walked back into his room, closing the door. \"Come on…\" William whispered, leading us to Otter and Ely's room. He knocked softly as they both came to the door, arguing over who should have gotten to open it. \"Guys, listen.\" William whispered and they both quit arguing. William whispered the plan in both of their ears and they nodded, sneaking into Mom and Frank's bathroom. I saw mom walk in, and then come back out and I heard Ely and Otter arguing again. I laughed softly as they came out of the bathroom. \"All done.\" Ely said with a grin and Otter nodded. \"Good job, guys.\" William said, giving them both high-fives. They walked back into their bedroom, shutting the door behind them. We all went down to the kitchen, the four of us sitting at the table. \"What now?\" I asked, looking at William. \"We have to wait a few days so they don't become suspicious.\" William stated. I nodded in understanding before grinning. \"One more idea!\" I said, smirking happily. \"What is it?\" William asked. Christina leaned in, raising an eyebrow. \"A little quieter!\" Dylan whispered. I nodded. \"Mom will be very mad if we change all the radio stations in her car to classical music and talk radio. Plus, it's not a very big idea so it won't be a huge toll. Just a little push.\" I whispered, shrugging. \"It's brilliant!\" William said as I tried not to blush. \"I'll go change it while she's still getting ready.\" He said, quickly going out to the car. I followed him, a smile forming on my face. \"Did you really like my idea?\" I asked. \"Of course!\" He said with a nod. He began to change all of the channels as we both hopped out of the car. \"Let's go.\" He whispered and I nodded. We walked back inside and Dylan and Christina were distracting mom. I gave them a thumb up. \"Well, Mom, sorry we can't stay and talk but we are so tired!\" Dylan exclaimed, taking Christina's hand and running upstairs. We all met in my room. \"Done.\" William said with a grin. We all high-fived. This was beginning to be pretty fun and exciting. \"So, what now?\" Christina asked. \"It's Sunday. I'm going back to sleep.\" Dylan said with a shrug. \"I can agree with that.\" Christina said, plopping down on her bed. I rolled my eyes. \"Guys, what about more planning? If we want to win, we have to plan ahead.\" I said, crossing my arms. \"I agree with Phoebes.\" William said with a nod. I looked at him with a smile. \"Well, we can plan later.\" Dylan said with a shrug, walking out of the room. I sighed softly, also walking out and going downstairs. William followed me. \"We could still plan. I mean, we're the only one who came up with plans in the first place.\" He said. I nodded in agreement. We decided to go to the top of the lighthouse. Once we got up there, we sat there and plotted for hours, before finally going downstairs. Dylan and Christina spotted us, immediately approaching us. \"Do you guys have a plan?\" Christina asked us. I rolled my eyes, looking at William with a laugh. \"We do, but we shouldn't use it yet.\" William said with a nod. \"We've done enough for today.\" I continued, looking at him. Dylan nodded. \"Okay, so do we just act cool, or..? He asked. \"Well, duh.\" I said, rolling my eyes. Christina laughed. \"We could all go to me and Phoebe's room?\" She said with a shrug. \"I'm up for that.\" William said with a nod. \"Same here.\" Dylan said and I just nodded as we all walked to my room. \"So, have you guys noticed any change?\" Christina asked in a hushed whispered. Dylan nodded. \"Oh yeah.\" He mumbled, a mischievous grin playing across his face. \"I think Frank's going to be the one to snap.\" I predicted, looking around at the others. \"Oh, Definitely.\" William said with a nod. We began discussing more about our families and what we thought would happen next until dinner time. We all ate dinner, then got ready to go to sleep after a long day of doing nothing. Once we were done everyone began to go to their rooms falling asleep. I laid down in my bed, staring up at the ceiling in wonder. What if it doesn't work? I thought to myself. What if we end up getting caught? Or they just don't crack? Maybe, it won't work, and we'll be stuck together after all. I let my thoughts take over, slowly drifting off to sleep. Okay, I actually really like this chapter! Anyways, I would really love some reviews to make the story better. I should be updating soon but I'm not sure because I'm pretty busy.[Chapter 5] So, I've been pretty busy the last few days with thanksgiving, and sleepovers, and my family and all, so I haven't really had time to update, plus I started a new fan fiction so I apologize. I don't know how much longer I will drag this one out. Probably only a few more chapters for the simple fact there aren't enough viewers and such. I woke up, rubbing my eyes. It was school time, which sadly meant that our plotting would have to wait. William and I had come up with an amazing idea and we weren't even able to use it. I woke up, taking a shower and getting ready for school; once I was done with that, I went down to get some breakfast. I sat down next to Dylan, a smile forming on my face. He didn't know the plan yet, unlike William and I. William and Christina came in, sitting across from us. We were the first people in the kitchen, so we began to whisper softly around the table. We were afraid Mom or Frank would catch us, though, so we quickly ate our breakfast. Once we were done, we all headed to up Christina and I's room where we began to discuss our latest plan. We agreed on meeting up after school, so that we could grab the meat. Once we absolutely had to leave we all left the house, going to school. After school, we all went to the grocery store, grabbing plenty of meat. We all pitched in some money to pay, and went back home. William and Christina began to put it all in the fridge and take everything else out as quickly as possible while Dylan and I did the dishes. Christina and William finished and William went to his room. Christina stuck around to see Mom's reaction. Mom came into the kitchen, and Dylan and I were still doing dishes. She opened the fridge, a frustrated gasp coming from her mouth. I walked over to her for a moment. \"Looks like Frank did some shopping.\" I mumbled, looking at Dylan with a smirk and continuing my work. Once I was done, I went to my room, lying done to relax for a while. I sat up, an evil smile coming across my face. I had been lying in my bed probably a whole hour when I finally came up with the perfect plan. I'm sure it isn't going to through them over the edge just yet, but it'll sure help. There was a soft knock on the door and I opened it to so William. I felt my heart melt away looking at him, all the words in my dictionary completely gone. I looked away quickly, keeping my eyes on the floor, and then I looked back up at him. \"Hey, William.\" I said with a small smile creeping onto my face. \"Hey, I just came up with an idea.\" He said. I could see the evil smirk from the other night reappear and I was sure that I was tongue tied now. I blinked a few times, regaining myself. \"What is it?\" I asked, using my arms to welcome him into the room. He stepped in; sitting down on my bed as I softly shut the door behind me. I sat down next to him and waited for him to tell me the plan. \"Okay,\" He started, shifting his glance to look at me. I felt butterflies in my stomach and I truly wished I could stop these feelings. \"How about I act like a trainer and give the boys water guns and give them commands?\" William asked me. I smiled and nodded. \"That is amazing! I have an idea of my own.\" I said, a soft smile forming on my lips as I watched William's grin light up his whole face. \"Tell me.\" He said with a nod, his eyes still on me. \"We could dress Aldo and Ethan up in girl clothes and put make-up on them and make them have a tea-party.\" I said, a small laugh coming out of my mouth as I looked at William hopefully. He looked at me, a straight face on him for a moment. I began to get nervous as he finally burst into laughter, nodding his head. \"I love it!\" He exclaimed. I felt like a weight had been lifted off of my shoulders. I grinned widely at him, standing up. \"Awesome! Tomorrow should be fun.\" I said with a small laugh, looking at him, then to the floor. Everything always felt so right when I was with him. Like the world was perfect. I had felt it ever since I'd first set my eyes on him, it only got stronger with each day that went by. The only reason I was even going through with this plan anymore was because of William or else I probably would have called it quits by now because the Beardsley's aren't too bad. But William wanted this, so I would pretend I did as well. I'd have a better chance with William that way, anyways, even though my chances were still slim. It was the best shot I had left at this point. William stood up and smiled, breaking me away from my chain of thought. \"I'm going to go to my room.\" He stated, heading towards the door. \"Good night, William.\" I mumbled so softly that I was a little shocked he heard me. He turned back and looked at me; those eyes of his making my heart skip a beat. \"Goodnight, Phoebe.\" He whispered and with that, he left. He didn't even know he'd made my night. I lied down in my bed, the smile on my face impossible to be removed. Just the simplest things can make me happy, as long as they involved William. I rolled over in my bed, the same smile still on my face as I visualized William whispering goodnight to me, those beautiful eyes looking into mine. It was the most breath-taking thing I had ever witnessed. And it would have to stay all to myself because if I let my feelings out, things would not be pretty. Although, it was hard to pretend, because at this point I am sure I'm in love with William Beardsley. And I'm just hoping he is in love with me as well. I sat up in my bed, snuggling up to my pillow with a soft smile. I had been enchanted by my very own step-brother. I yawned softly; rolling over in the bed again as I finally began to doze off, William still on my mind. I woke up the next morning, immediately getting out of bed and getting ready for school. I hurried to the kitchen for breakfast, ready to see William. When I entered the room, he was already there, sitting in his usual spot. I sat down in my usual spot across from him, a smile on my face. \"Good morning!\" I chirped, maybe a little too cheerfully. William looked up from his plate, his eyes on me. He just shrugged, smiling back. \"Good morning.\" He replied, still studying me. We continued to eat in silence, although I really wished it weren't silent any longer. Then, William broke the silence. \"Why are you so happy?\" He asked, looking at me with his eyebrow rose. I felt my heart skip a beat, as I tried to ignore it. \"Just a boy.\" I said nonchalantly with a simple shrug. I thought I seen a hurt expression on his face? But what reason would he have to be hurt? The expression quickly changed to a smile. \"Nice.\" He mumbled, looking back down at his plate without another word. I looked at him full of wonder, until Dylan and Christina came into the kitchen to get their breakfast as well. I sighed and placed her plate in the sink, deciding to take a walk and clear my mind. I walked around for a while until it was time to head to school. I walked back to the school and did my classes. I sat with William during lunch period but there was still something off about him. He was unusually quiet, and it was beginning to get on my nerves. After lunch, I did the rest of my classes and went home. The first thing we did was get William to act like a drill sergeant to North boys. Once that was done, I did my homework and relaxed for a moment, trying to decide if I should confront William or not. After sitting on my bed, thinking for about five minutes until I finally decided that I should. I took a deep breath and left my room, knocking on William's door. I felt my heartbeat begin to race but I tried to ignore that for a moment, waiting for him to open the door. I was beginning to become impatient when he finally decided to answer the door. I would have never expected what happened next. Hey, ok, what do you think? I decided to leave it with a little cliffhanger because I don't recall doing one of those yet. You guys should really review because it always makes my day lol. Anyways, I guess I will probably update soon, butttttttt I don't know how many more chapters I will add to this.[Chapter 6] So, to those of you who are reviewing and such, thank you so much! When I log on to see good reviews it really makes my day. Anyways, I am really trying to make my chapters longer so there is a little more for the people who do read because I've realized that my chapters are much shorter than I originally thought. Anyways, I'm going to get back to the story. William opened the door and I instantly walked in, shutting it behind me. I knew that this probably wasn't the way I was going to get through to him but I didn't care. \"What do you need?\" He asked me, his voice completely emotionless. \" We need to talk.\" I said, putting an emphasis on the word we. He sighed, taking my hand in his. I raised an eyebrow at him but he began to lead me out of the house. Once we were out of the house and a little while down the road, he stopped, turning to face me. \"What's up?\" He asked, knowing that his stalling wasn't working. \" You tell me.\" I said, rolling my eyes. \"Phoebe, you don't want me to do that.\" He replied, his voice coming out a lot stronger than I had heard it before. I sighed, shaking my head. \"What's wrong with you?\" I asked, looking at him. He looked at me, blinking a few times before he finally opened his mouth to speak. \"Phoebe, I don't want you to date this guy.\" William said, his features beginning to look confused. \"W-Why not?\" I asked, my voice coming out in a stutter. \"Because, I don't want you to date anyone.\" He replied, taking a step closer to me. Did I just hear him correctly? I wondered, my heart beginning to beat rapidly. \"I love you phoebe.\" He whispered so softly that it was barely audible. He looked me in the eyes, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. I didn't know what to say, so I did the only thing I could. I leaned in, and I kissed him. He kissed me back for a moment before pulling away to look at me. I looked at him, my body still frozen as rain began to fall from the sky. I looked up, a smile creeping onto my face as I looked at William. He couldn't help but smile at me. I didn't know what was happening between us, but all I did know was that I was happy. I took his hand in mine for a short moment, and we stood there, smiling at each other before I decided it was time to go back to the house. I lead him back to the house, our hands still intertwined. We made it to the front door and I let go of his hand, smiling at him as I walked in the door, and for once, he was the only thing that had mattered. Once I got in the house, I immediately went and changed, throwing my hair up into a pony-tail. I went to the kitchen and got something to drink before going to find William. I knocked on his door and he opened it. He had his shirt off and I couldn't help but stare at him for a moment. He smirked and chuckled softly at me. \"Dylan isn't here.\" He said with a wink. I rolled my eyes at him, sitting down on his bed. \"About earlier, what does that make us?\" I asked softly, trying not to sound too hopeful. He looked at me, the slightest smile forming on his face. \"I was hoping it meant we were together.\" He said with a shrug. I felt butterflies in my stomach again and all I could do was nod. \"I would like that.\" I managed to say. William looked at me, throwing a shirt over his head. \"Well, then we better be good at sneaking.\" He replied with a playful wink. I rolled my eyes and stood up, playfully smacking him before exiting the room. Since the younger kids got home from school a little later than us, we had to wait for them to get back before we could put another one of our brilliant plans into action. We spent that time sitting at the kitchen table talking since everyone was gone except the four of us. Once the little kids got home, we decided to prepare them for what we had to do, which was dress Dylan, Jimi, Lau, Mick, and Aldo up like little soldiers. We got them all little water guns and we heard mom's car pull into the drive. William began to yell commands as both my mother and Frank walked in. \"Lookin' good.\" Frank said with a grin. Mom rolled her eyes, clearly frustrated. I could see this thing was beginning to work and it made me happy. Things between William and I could possibly work, as long as this plan didn't fall through. William, Dylan, Christina, and I decided to get Aldo and Ethan all dressed up with purses and stuff. I did Aldo's make-up and used some of Marissa and Bina's clothes, while Christina worked on Ethan. Afterwards, we sent them down, talking about how lovely the other was. Me and Christina high-fived as Frank yelled for mom. We quickly walked away, giggling softly. We walked over to William and Dylan's room. \"It worked.\" We whispered in unison. William smiled at me and I felt my stomach do a flip-flop, although I tried to ignore it. We all began to high-five when Christina cracked a huge grin. \"What?\" Dylan asked, looking at her. I had always had my suspicions that maybe he liked her but I never could prove it. \"Well, I think if we mess up your mom's studio she'll be pretty close to the breaking point.\" She said, looking around. Dylan smiled. \"That's a good idea.\" He said with a nod. We all began to leave the room and go down to dinner, more and more tension coming each day. After dinner I went to my room, completely ignoring everything and everyone. I changed to my pajamas, lying down in my bed happily. I thought of the events that had taken place today and I was pretty happy about those events. William and I had felt something for each other all along and we had finally admitted it. The weight that had been on my shoulders was gone, and now the only thing I felt was happiness. Because everything I had wanted, I had gotten. I snuggled up to my favorite teddy bear, my mind still rushing with excitement. I felt like the happiest person alive and it was all because of one boy. William Beardsley. He had made me feel more for him than I had felt for anyone else in my entire life, and I was glad about that. Because he was definitely worth it. I yawned softly, snuggling with my pillow as I began to fall asleep. This is by far my favorite chapter so far. I know that it is pretty early for them to end up together, but I saw the opportunity, and I took it. Anyways, review please? Okay, thanks, bye.[Chapter 7] Hey! I don't know exactly when the last time I updated was but it couldn't have been too long. Anyways, I've had a lot on my plate lately and I've bit off a little more than I could chew with multiple stories. I've been sick lately, and I've had a ton of school work plus I babysit until five. Anyways, I apologize again. Back to the story. I woke up, looking around. We had no plans yet for today so I guess we'll just have to come up with some. I rolled out of my bed, memories from last night flooding my brain. A small smile crept onto my face as I picked out my outfit for the day. I left my room, going into the bathroom. I took a quick shower, getting out and getting dressed. I quickly did my hair and make-up, walking out of the bathroom. I went down to the kitchen to have breakfast with the rest of the family and we all sat around having a family breakfast. Once that was done all of us kids headed off to school. I sat by William on the bus, and at lunch, although I tried not to make us too obvious. Afterwards I and the others took the littler kids to the park, giving us time to plot. Mom had recently got a huge job opportunity so we decided that we would clean out her work room, which we knew would make her mad. When we finished up our plan we went back home, where Frank told us to be on our best behavior. We started cleaning up the whole house, us four older kids focusing on mom's studio. Once we finished we all went to our rooms, trying to act normal. I heard mom holler, knowing that she had seen her studio. A small smile cracked across my face as I shook my head, walking out of my room. When we made it to Mom's studio, we could see the anger written across her face. \"Did you do this?\" She asked, looking at William, then to me. \"We thought you'd like it.\" I said with a shrug. \"Yeah, Dad suggested we should clean it up to make your day better.\" William pitched in, shifting his glance to me for a simple second with a wink before looking back to my mom. No sooner than William mentioned his name he appeared. \"Hey, honey. What's going on?\" Frank asked my mother. I glanced between the two of them, waiting to see what would happen. \"You did this.\" Mom stated, trying not to sound too angry in front of us kids. \"Did what?\" Frank asked her. \"You told them to clean up my studio?\" She accused more than question. \"No I did not.\" Frank argued. \"Not directly!\" Mom exclaimed. \"But with all that military brainwash stuff.\" She continued. Frank sighed, walking past all of us to go downstairs as we each, a few at a time, began to follow him. I wasn't exactly sure why I was still going through with this. If I did, Will and I would be separated and I wasn't sure I wanted that; but he and the others still wanted this. So I would go through with it for them. I was the last to head downstairs, feeling kind of bad for my mother. She had a huge opportunity she might miss because of us. I shrugged off the thought, going to my bedroom. It was still early but I had a writing assignment to do so I sat down at my desk and began doing that. After almost an hour, there was a knock on my door. \"Who is it?\" I called. When no one answered I decided to get up and see for myself. I opened the door to a smiling William. \"Hey!\" I said with a happy grin. He looked into my eyes, walking into the room, a warm smile still on his face. \"We're doing great!\" He exclaimed. I felt my heart drop, but I refused to let my face drop as well. I wanted to be happy that he was happy, but it was so hard when all I could think of was him moving away and us never speaking again. I looked into his eyes and all those thoughts immediately passed away. I laid my head on his chest, smiling softly. We sat there like that for a while before he finally pulled away from me, looking down at me. I smiled up at him, as he stood up. \"I'm going to go before Christina comes in.\" He stated, walking towards the door. I wanted to stop him but he was right, he should go. We didn't need any suspicions. Once William left Christina came back. I wanted to ask her about Dylan but I knew she'd deny, just like I would if she were to ask about William. So I decided to keep things nice and easy by putting my earphones in and continued working on the assignment I had been working on. Once I was about a quarter of the way done with the writing assignment I headed downstairs to take a break, although it wasn't due for a few days. I walked in to dinner sitting on the table. I looked around and mom smiled. \"There you are! Can you get the others?\" She asked. I simply nodded, walking to each room, banging on the door and telling them it was dinner time. Once I was done with that, I went back down, sitting in my usual spot at the table. Dinner went by nicely, everyone got along great, and the food was amazing. I don't think tonight could have went any better. I smiled, walking into my room and continued my work for a while longer. I got about half-way done with the work and decided I was a little too tired to work any longer. Since I had until Monday I shut my notebook and grabbed some pajama's, walking into the bathroom. I changed and brushed my teeth, walking back into my room, cuddling up in my bed. I knew I was going to have a good night's sleep tonight after the long day I'd had. Okay, so thanks for 190 views! Anyways, I'm going to start a Christina/Dylan fan fiction so be sure to read that one too. And if you do, thanks. Bye. I should update soon but I don't know because I have three stories I'm working on right now. Anyways, bye.[Chapter 8] Okay, I am not going to drag this story out for much longer because I have three other fan fictions to work on. Okay, on with this story ha-ha. Things were getting more and more intense in this household each day. Mom and Frank began to argue a lot more; meanwhile all of us kids were getting closer. Especially William and I. None of our family had seemed to notice, though, which was a good thing. It was a Thursday afternoon and all of us kids decided to go to Kelly's soccer game. We were sitting in the bleachers when some people on the other side began to cheer for the other team. Well, Jimi, being who he is, decided to cheer for Kelly. He stood up \"Now, put your hands up in the air and wave them like you just don't care. And if you think that Kelly is the best, let me hear you say oh yeah! Oh yeah. Go, Kelly! Go, Kelly! The other team is...\" He started, and then he pointed at Michael to add in a word. \"Smelly!\" Michael chanted. \"They're quaking like they're,\" He continued, then pointing at Harry. \"Jelly!\" Harry chanted. \"We got Sister's from…\" Jimi then looked at Marissa and Bina to finish the chant. \"New Delhi!\" They exclaimed in unison. We repeated the chant one time, adding in a little dance before William, Dylan, Christina and I left the bleachers. We stood at the side of the bleachers, all standing in a circle. \"So, I think we only need one more big thing to throw them over the edge.\" William whispered. \"Have them catch you and Phoebe together?\" Dylan asked, pointing at William. I felt a small blush rise on my face, silently cursing myself for the terrible timing. \"That's sick.\" Christina said, rolling her eyes. I felt my heart drop a bit but made sure my face didn't as well. I noticed William being very quiet and quickly threw a glance at him to see him already staring at me. He flashed a quick smile before quickly removing it. I smiled back but looked away, also removing my smile. \"Fine, have 'em catch you and Phoebe together.\" Dylan suggested, a smirk creeping onto his face. \"How about they catch me with my hands around your neck?\" I said, rolling my eyes at him. \"Okay, so, Mrs. Munion has this weekend off and Frank has that meeting at his work, right?\" He asked. \"Yeah, so?\" Christina replied. \"Two words… Par and ty.\" Dylan answered. Christina gave him a rude look in response. \"Party.\" Dylan stated. \"Yeah, I got that.\" She replied. \"No, it's a great idea because Mom won't mind but Frank will hate it.\" I added. \"Wait, guys, I can't. I still have a ton of these posters to print out.\" William stated, showing us the poster he was using for election for class president. \"What are you running for? Class of '89?\" Dylan asked sarcastically, taking the poster from William. \"Imagine this in a three-color spray paint.\" Dylan suggested, handing it back to William. A grin spread across his face at the picture that Dylan had shown him. \"Oh, and I know some really great campaign workers!\" Christina added. After the game we all went home and began to do our homework. I was still working on the project from the other day that was due tomorrow. I only had a little bit to go so I decided that if I spent an hour on it I would most likely be finished. After the hour was up, I had completed the assignment and it was dinner time. Our family spent the entire dinner time talking about Kelly's soccer game. Once dinner was over, I went up to my room and put my earphones in. I sat at my desk and began to draw a picture of a rose. I was about halfway finished when Christina came into the room. I turned around to look at her and she seemed to be talking so I took my earphones out. \"Did you say something?\" I asked her. She sighed in frustration. \"I know this is a lot to ask but… Can I talk to you about something?\" She asked me. I nodded, sitting down on my bed with a pillow. I motioned for her to join me. She grabbed one of her pillows, also sitting on my bed. \"What is it?\" I asked. She fidgeted with her pillow, keeping her eyes away from mine. \"I like this guy,\" She started, taking a deep breath. \"But I don't think he likes me back. He's awfully mean to me.\" She continued, still not looking at me. \"You should tell him, Christina. Sometimes things aren't what they seem.\" I stated, looking at her. Her eyes finally met mine as she smiled. \"Yeah… Thank you, Phoebe.\" She said her voice coming out in a soft whisper. I nodded, getting off of my bed and grabbing my pajamas. I went to the bathroom to change, also brushing my teeth. When I went back to my room I found it was ten p.m. So I decided that my rose could be completed some other time. As I lie down in my bed I found it extremely easy to fall asleep. I woke up to my alarm, rolling out of bed with a yawn. Tonight could possibly be the night that it all ended. The four of us knew that very well. But nobody was turning back now. I took a shower and once I got out I got dressed and did my hair. All of us had eaten breakfast quickly this morning, as all of us were ready to put posters up for William's campaign. Once we made it to the high-school we began quickly handing posters out to everyone, putting posters on the walls, and keeping the pig in sight so that we didn't lose her. Once the bell rang we decided to head to class for the moment, as the little kids went next door to the elementary and others went to the middle school. When lunch time came around us older kids decided the campaign work was more important than eating and began working on more campaign parts. After lunch we finished all of our classes, going home. Once at home I spent the little bit of time I had left before party-planning working on my rose picture. Although it wasn't enough time to finish it, I only had a quarter of the way to go. Christina had told me that I needed to get ready for the party so I did as I was told. After getting ready I went down to talk to my mother who was getting ready to leave. \"Hey, do you mind if William and I have a few friends over?\" I asked hopefully. I heard Frank beep the car horn, getting a disgusted groan from my mother. \"You have got to be kidding me!\" She exclaimed. \"So, can we?\" I asked her. \"Yeah, sure hunny. Just enjoy yourselves.\" She stated, giving me a kiss on the cheek before walking out. \"Well?\" William asked. \"She fell for it.\" I answered with a grin. Little did I know, a lot more was going to be happening tonight? So, next chapter is going to be a major part of this fan fiction. Anyways, I'm pretty excited about the way things are going to turn out and it might be in Christina's point of view but I don't know yet.[Chapter 9] So, I'm glad that I've been updating a lot more and that this story is getting attention. I, um, know that I forgot to do the part about the chalk board, but it's kind of too late to add that in, now. You guys should seriously read my Dylan and Christina story! Anyways, I'm going to continue the story now. Disclaimer; I do not own Yours, Mine and Ours. It was finally time for the party and I was a little frightened. I mean, I'm not a total goody two shoes, but I'm also not a rebel either. I ran downstairs at the sound of people, stopping when I made it to William's side. \"This is gonna be awesome.\" I whispered. William looked at me, a smug grin creeping onto his face. \"I agree.\" He mumbled, walking into the living room. I gathered all of the smaller kids, getting them in a bedroom with tons of sweets. I turned on some music, shutting the door behind me as I exited the room. I ran back downstairs, finding the rest of the kids that were under thirteen. I got them all to stay together so that they wouldn't get harmed or anything. Once I finished with them, I went to find Dylan. \"Where's your band?\" I asked him, quickly coming to his side. \"They're setting up.\" He replied. I nodded, wondering to the front room where all the people were coming in. When I made it to the front, I bumped into a guy with a ton of pizzas. \"Hi, uh, we didn't order any pizzas!\" I exclaimed over Dylan's loud band. \"Well, someone did and you owe me three hundred and seventy nine bucks plus tip. \" The pizza man stated. \"Three hundred and seventy nine?\" I asked in disbelief. \"Plus tip.\" The pizza man added a rude tone to his voice. I quickly walked off, bumping into Christina. \"I was looking for you!\" She said loudly. \"What is it?\" I asked. \"Jimi's collecting money.\" She answered. I rolled my eyes. So maybe the party wasn't as fun as I expected it to be, but I was sure it would be affective. \"We have to gather three hundred and seventy nine bucks for pizza!\" I said over the music. Christina's eyes widened as she nodded and quickly walked past me. I quickly hurried to William's side. \"We have a problem!\" I said to him, although I was trying to make things as easy as possible. He pointed to his ear and I rolled my eyes. I took his hand, leading him all the way to the top of the lighthouse. \"We have a problem.\" I repeated. \"I know.\" He said with a nod. \"You do?\" I asked, raising an eyebrow. \"Yeah, someone ordered beer.\" He said with a nod. \"Not only that, but we need three hundred and seventy nine dollars for pizza.\" I said. \"That much? For pizza?\" He asked, raising an eyebrow at me. I nodded. He gave me a quick peck on the lips. \"It'll all work out. Let's get back.\" He said. I nodded, walking back down the stairs with him behind me. I walked into the living room to see Christina pouring something disgusting on Nick's head. \"Because Phoebe is my sister.\" I heard her say, turning around. \"Phoebe, I-\"Nick started, but I cut him off. \"Just leave\" He nodded, quickly walking off. \"I am so sorry. \" Christina said. I shook my head. \"No, I'm sorry, Christina.\" I replied. \"Can we just promise to never let a boy in between us again?\" She asked. I simply rolled my eyes and laughed. Not because of her question, but because of the fact I was in love with her brother. \"Yeah, right.\" I mumbled. We hugged each other and I must admit it felt kind of nice getting along with Christina. After a moment, though, I heard Jimi yell my name and I knew it was time to split the hug up. I pulled out of the hug, going to Jimi's side. When I made it to his side, I sort of wish I hadn't because there was my Mom and Frank. I looked at them, not really sure what to say. \"You have a lot of explaining to do.\" My Mom said, pointing at me. I nodded my head as they came into the house. \"Okay, raise your hand if you live here,\" Frank started, his anger very obvious as we all raised our hand. \"Everyone else, get out!\" He shouted, pointing at the door. Everyone quickly shuffled out without a second thought. The pizza man began talking to Frank but he shut the door in his face. \"William, Christina, front and center.\" Frank said, pointing at each of them. \"Take it easy, Frank.\" My mother mumbled. Frank simply glared at her. \"Dylan, Phoebe, I am very disappointed in both of you.\" My mom said, looking at the floor. \"Is that what you are, Helen? Disappointed?\" Frank asked. She looked at him, opening her mouth to speak before closing it again. \"Frank, stop acting like a military freak!\" She exclaimed a little louder than I believed she'd intended. Frank looked at her, raising an eyebrow. \"Military freak? You wanna know what I think? I think you're a flake. A big, free to be you and me flake!\" Frank yelled. My mom tapped her hand with her purse, walking off with tears in her eyes. \"You guys have one hour to clean this place up.\" Frank said, looking at his watch before walking off. I felt terrible about the way things turned out. I didn't expect my mom to be hurting so much, but I knew she was. Once we were finished cleaning me and Christina cuddled up on the couch, both of us feeling like crap. William walked in with a box of Oreo's and a grin on his face. \"You guys wanna celebrate?\" He asked, looking between the two of us. \"Helen cried herself to sleep tonight.\" Christina stated, sitting up. \"Yeah. She was happier with your dorky dad than I've seen her in months.\" I said with a soft laugh before getting up and walking past William, Christina close behind. \"Guys, I thought this was what we wanted?\" He asked. Christina turned around. \"We did, but we didn't know it'd hurt this bad.\" She stated, looking at William. She walked past me and up the stairs. I stood there, my eyes locked on his for a moment before breaking mine away and going to my room as well. Once in my room, I lied down on my bed. I couldn't get that hurt look in William's eyes out of my mind and I seriously thought I was going to cry. I was afraid that things between he and I were going to end, and I really didn't want that But I knew that the chances of our family even staying together was slim, and maybe we would never even speak again. It was scary, but it was reality. After a while of my thoughts and wondering what was going to happen between William and me, I found it hard to keep my eyelids open, slowly but surely drifting off to sleep. Okay, so, that's it for this chapter. Reviews please? I don't know, I liked this chapter, I just kind of wish it were in third person so we could see William's view of things but yeah. Thanks for reading this chapter. I want to update soon, but Christmas is in less than a week. I don't know. But I do have a lot of free time, so, who knows? Anyways, until next time.[Chapter 10] Okay, I know it's been over a month since I've updated but Christmas just passed and with school and babysitting it's hard to fit in time to write, read and hang out with friends. I'm so sorry it's been so long. I wanted to say thanks for over 1,000 views on this story. I am really proud and I couldn't have managed it without you guys. Anyways, if you haven't already, check out my Christina X Dylan story and thanks again. The next few days had come and gone quickly, things between the families was more and more tense each day and I could tell something bad was going to happen. Whether it is the family breaking up or William and I breaking up. I got up out of my bed Friday morning, exactly a week after the party had happened, getting ready for school. It only took me a few minutes and I went down to join the others for breakfast. William and I hadn't spoken since that night and I hated it so much. We had royally screwed our whole family and we knew it now. And he was acting on it more than I was. After breakfast, we went to yet another uneventful day of school, until the very end of the day for elections. I walked into the auditorium, sitting down in between Christina and Dylan as we watched in hopes that William would win. William and his opponent, Pete Riley, stood on stage together, waiting for the final votes to be tallied and everything to be finished up. After about five minutes, the principal joined them on stage. \"I've tallied every vote and William Beardsley is the winner.\" The principal stated. I looked at Christina, immediately hugging her as everyone began to clap for him. After a moment, we all began to file out of the auditorium. I looked around for William, spotting him with all of the younger kids. My heart immediately began to speed up and at the moment, I didn't care how suspicious it seemed, I ran up to him, jumping into his arms. \"You won!\" I said with glee. He smiled down at me, regaining our balance from my attack hug. \"Yeah, I did.\" He said with a nod. We stood out there and talked for a few minutes until we had to catch the bus, all of us getting on. I sat next to William, per usual, although I hadn't all week. Once the bus pulled up at our house, we all got out but Frank was standing in the walkway. \"Dad, guess what happened-\"Christina started but Frank cut her off. \"I, um, have something to say.\" He started. I looked at him in wonder, although I already felt a rise of tears. \"What is it?\" Lau asked. \"Helen and I have decided it'd be best if I did go out to sea, meaning you all will be going back home.\" He said, mainly speaking to the Beardsley kids. \"No, please don't go.\" Aldo begged. I stood in the back beside William, tears still in my eyes. \"Do something.\" I whispered but he just shook his head. \"Hey, don't worry. If you everything need anything, I'm just a phone call away.\" Frank stated. \"And that means all of you North kids.\" He added, getting up from his knee. After a minute he turned and walked off. \"What now?\" Harry asked. \"We go. Just like every other time. We pack up and go.\" William replied. I felt my heart break and ache in my chest hearing him say those words. I let the tears fall from my eyes, not caring to wipe them away. \"I don't want to have to find another new mommy!\" Ethan said. \"I can't believe you're just going to give in and let this happen.\" I said, shaking my head. William looked to me, a sigh leaving his mouth. \"I have an idea.\" He said. \"Harry, Christina, Dylan, Kaoki, Jimi, and Phoebe come with me, you younger kids stay here and wait for Helen.\" William said, walking towards the boathouse. I followed without hesitation, followed by the others. He grabbed out six life jackets, motioning towards the boat. \"You have got to be kidding me.\" Christina said, crossing her arms. \"Just come on.\" William replied, throwing the life jacket at her. She sighed, putting it on as the rest of us did the same, getting on the boat. We road on the boat for about half an hour before we finally found Frank. When he saw us, I swear his eyes were about to fall out of his head. \"What are you doing?\" He yelled. \"We want you to come home!\" William shouted back. Frank looked to his shipmates, then down to us again. \"It's too late for that.\" He stated, loud enough for us to hear. \"It was us! We did all of those horrible things to break you and mom up!\" I shouted. I watched him take a deep breath. \"It's too la-\"He started, looking in the direction of home. We all looked back too, to see the light of the light house on. A grin cracked across his face as he mumbled something I couldn't make out. \"I'm coming home!\" He shouted back. He got on our boat and we road back home. Once we made it home, everyone began to hug and be happily reunited. I couldn't keep my eyes off of William and he glanced at me every often as well, throwing me smiles or winking. What really took me by surprise, though, was when he walked up, in front of our entire family and openly kissed me. No hiding, no secrets, no nothing. Just us kissing happily in sync. Consequences would come later, but they didn't matter right now. All that matter was my boyfriend. I decided to give it a happy, but someone cliffhanger type of ending, since you guys will just have to find out how the family reacts to the kiss. I should update pretty soon, because I really miss writing but who knows. Anyways, there's only going to be a couple more chapters, so yeah.[Chapter 11] So, I'm back again. I apologize for not updating in so long but my life has been hectic! I'm getting back on track, though. So, the story must go on. I don't know how many more chapters I can add to this or how much longer I can drag it out but I'm trying to make it to the best of my ability! Once William and I pulled out of our kiss, reality had done sunk back in. Everyone around us was quiet and the warm feeling in my chest had slowly slipped away as I looked around, waiting for someone to say something. \"What was that?\" Frank asked with a hint of anger in his voice. I was speechless and so was William. After a moment, William opened his mouth to speak. \"I... We're in love, dad. Phoebe and I are in love.\" William stated, glancing over at me. I nodded my head in agreement but before I could speak, Frank shook his head. \"I don't want to hear any more of that! You guys don't even know what love is. Now both of you go to your rooms and if I hear any more about this, you'll both be in serious trouble!\" Frank exclaimed. I was utterly shocked with the way Frank reacted but I didn't do as I was told. Just this once, I was going to play rebel. For William's sake. \"No.\" I said softly. \"We want to be together! Why can't you guys see that? We can't help how we feel!\" William said, storming into the house. \"I love William and you nor mom nor any other person in this world is going to change that!\" I exclaimed, walking into the house after William. \"William, wait!\" I called, grabbing him by his arm. \"What?\" He asked, looking into my eyes. I took a moment to stare into his before snapping into reality. \"I love you. They can't keep us apart.\" I said softly. \"I know.\" He said with a smile, leaning down and placing a kiss on my cheek. \"Take some time and cool off and we'll face them again when we're ready.\" I said to him, turning to walk away. \"I love you too.\" He added with a smile, getting a soft giggle from me as I went to the room Christina and I shared. Luckily for me, she wasn't in the room just yet so I had time to cool off. After about an hour, there was a knock on my bedroom door. I assumed it was William so I got up and opened it. When I opened the door, it wasn't William standing there but my mother. I shook my head, shutting the door before she could speak. \"Phoebe, please open the door.\" She said softly, tapping lightly on the door. I took a deep breath, shaking my head. \"Why, mom? So that you can tell me I'm wrong for feeling a certain way? Or so that you can judge me someone?\" I asked, allowing a tear to fall down my cheek. \"Phoebe, please, let me in. We can have this conversation as soon as you let me in the room.\" My mom replied. After a moment, I moved out of the doorway, allowing her to enter. My mom walked in, shutting the door behind her. \"I am not angry at you, Phoebe. I support you guys one hundred percent. If you want to be together, that's fine by me.\" She said. I looked at her in disbelief. \"Why didn't you stick up for us?\" I asked suddenly. \"I didn't want to start an argument with Frank just coming home and all.\" She replied. I took a deep breath, nodding my head because I was trying my hardest to see where she was coming from. \"Come downstairs and we'll talk it all out.\" She added. I hesitated for a moment, but did as I was told, walking down the stairs and sitting on the couch. I looked at William but his eyes avoided mine and I began to wonder what was going on. I looked around at the rest of the family, realizing this was, in fact, an intervention. \"I trusted you.\" I said to my mom as I blinked back my tears. \"I'm sorry.\" She mouthed, looking down at her hands in her lap. \"This is not fair.\" William said, crossing his arms over his chest. \"You guys can't be together.\" Christina said, shaking her head. \"Your selfishness has put our entire family in jeopardy!\" She added, rolling her eyes. I looked at Dylan, my eyes searching him for a reading on how he was feeling. He nodded at me and after a moment, I knew he was on our side. \"We've decided maybe it is best if you two were split apart.\" Frank stated. \"What? How?\" I asked. \"Boarding school.\" He said with a shrug. I felt the color drain from my face as I realized this was real. \"That isn't right and you know it!\" Dylan exclaimed as both William and I looked at him. \"I just won class president! You can't expect me to just go!\" William said angrily. \"I'll go.\" I spoke up. \"William can stay... I will go.\" I said boldly, although I felt as weak as ever. \"No!\" Dylan and William yelled in unison. \"Well, then it's settled-\"Frank started but before he had time to finish his sentence, my mother spoke up. \"Neither of them is going anywhere, Frank. You're taking this way too far. Let them be together for crying out loud!\" My mother exclaimed and I felt a smile meet my face at the fact she was actually fighting for me. \"Do you hear yourself, Helen? You're allowing our kids to date! Next it will be Dylan and Christina and then Kaoki and Harry!\" Frank exclaimed. \"Then so be it, Frank. As long as they're happy together.\" My mother said, getting up and walking out of the room. \"Helen!\" Frank called, standing up. \"We'll finish this later!\" He said, following mom out of the room. I watched him go, standing up and walking over to William. \"I'm sorry.\" I said softly. \"No, you don't have to be sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebes. I should have stood up for us and been bold like you, but I was scared.\" He replied. I nodded, taking a deep breath. \"I get it.\" I said, turning and walking over to Dylan. \"Thanks for sticking up for us, Dyl.\" I said with a smile, stuffing my hands into my pocket. Dylan nodded his head at me. \"You don't have to thank me. I already knew there was something going on.\" He said with a small smile. \"Besides, what type of brother would I be to judge you on who you love?\" He asked me. \"A bad one.\" I agreed with a wink. He laughed softly, nodding his head. I turned, going back up to my room. I lied down on my bed, taking a deep breath but after only a few moments, Christina barged in. \"Why are you doing this?\" She asked. I rolled my eyes, sitting up. \"Can you not do this right now?\" I asked her. \"You're tearing our family apart!\" She yelled. \"You're judging me!\" I yelled back, getting up off of the bed. \"Because you are acting so stupid, Phoebe. He'll hurt you just like he hurt every other girl! You mean nothing to him.\" Christina stated. I stormed out of the room and down the stairs quickly. I don't hesitate to run out of the front door and down the street before the tears began to flow. I continued to walk for hours before my feet finally began to feel tired so I sat down on the ground, although my sobs didn't stop. I wrapped my arms around my knees, hugging them as I tried to cope with what was real and what wasn't. Had I really only been another toy to William or was Christina lying to assure that we broke up? These were the type of questions I just couldn't seem to find an answer to. I didn't think my luck could get any worse until it began to rain. I stayed in my spot on the ground, soaking wet and covered in tears for a good while before I turned and began to walk back to the house. It was a long could walk and it didn't help me at all to clear my mind but I was happy to be away from home. I continued to walk as cars drove past, splashing me with muddy water and now and again until I finally made it home all muddy, wet and teary eyed. I walked into the house and looked around but from the looks of it, almost no one was home, although I could hear someone up stairs. I knew the family must have gone looking for me and left someone home to wait for me. Someone who wasn't William, which sucked for me. \"Hello?\" I called, looking around. I heard footsteps coming down the stairs and was instantly met by a hug. I almost fell off of my feet but I managed to balance myself. When whomever it was pulled out of the hug, I realized that it was Dylan. \"Where did you go?\" He asked. \"I was just...Walking.\" I said, rubbing my head. \"You're a mess and you scared all of us. William was almost in tears!\" Dylan replied. \"I'm sorry… I just… Needed to clear my mind.\" I said softly, although Dylan was unconvinced. \"What really happened?\" He asked me. I sighed softly, knowing I had to tell him. \"Christina told me that William used to simply use people and then dump them. I left the house in anger and I walked a little too far. It began to rain but I stayed out a little while longer. When I walked home, some cars drove by and splashed me with mud. I'm fine.\" I replied with a nod as the front door opened. Mom, William, Dylan, Aldo, Ethan, and both sets of twins walked in. \"Phoebe!\" Aldo yelled running and hugging me. \"Where'd you go?\" He asked me. I sighed. \"I went for a walk… I'm fine.\" I replied, looking up at William and then back down to Aldo. \"You had us all worried sick.\" My mother said. \"Yeah? Well, blame Christina because if it weren't for here, I wouldn't have left.\" I said softly. \"What happened?\" Aldo asked. \"Nothing.\" I replied. \"What happened?\" William demanded. \"I'll tell you later.\" I said, standing up. \"I'm going to go shower, I'll be back.\" I said before anyone could object. I got up, going upstairs and quickly grabbing clothes. I took a long warm shower, taking the time to think things through and figure out what I should say to William and when I got out, half the family was still gone, giving me a fair advantage. I walked to William's room, knocking on the door. When he opened it, a smile met his face. \"Hey.\" He said but I couldn't smile back. \"You wanted to talk… Let's talk.\" I said softly. Okay, so I will pick up the next chapter on where their conversation goes and such! Review if you want to. Thanks and I'll update soon.[Chapter 12] Hey guys! Thanks for almost 4,000 views! It is greatly appreciated and I hope you're enjoying the story. I can't believe that it's already been almost three months since I've written for this story. I know it's been forever since I've updated the Dylan and Christina one but I have so much school work and again, I apologize for my lack of updates. This is the last chapter to this story so I would love an over view on what you think and the Dylan and Christina story is still in process. I want to update that one soon but not tomorrow soon because it's my birthday so I'll be pretty busy. Anyways, I am going to quit rambling now and get on with this story because it has really been forever. I didn't know how to start the conversation with William, I didn't even really want to. But it was a conversation we had to have. I didn't want it to end us, because I'm sure that was Christina's intentions but I didn't what else would come out of this. \"William, is it true that you used to use girls? Get them to fall for you and move on to the next.\" I questioned, not allowing myself to look at him. \"Phoebe…\" William drifted off. I felt a few tears slip. \"Yes or no?\" I demanded. William sighed. \"Yes. But I'm not like that anymore. I swear.\" I looked up at him, wiping my tears. \"Why?\" I asked, taking a breath. \"I don't know. I was young and foolish. I didn't know I was actually hurting people.\" William said softly, looking at me. I simply nodded. \"Okay.\" I felt his eyes still on me. I turned to walk away, feeling him grab me. \"Are we okay?\" I nodded. \"Of course. I just wanted to know the truth. Christina isn't going to ruin us as soon as we become official.\" I assured him with a smile. William smiled back, placing a kiss on my lips. \"You can stay if you want.\" I considered it but shook my head. \"I would but I just need to be alone. I love you.\" William nodded understandingly as I walked out. \"I love you too!\" He called and I smiled, going back to my room. I looked in the mirror at myself, staring at that broken girl in it. I looked like one of those girls in the movies who constantly fake their happiness and then cry themselves to sleep at night. It was kind of sad, really. But I wasn't faking happiness anymore. I had finally truly felt loved. My smiles weren't fake, my laughs weren't fake. None of it was fake. Not anymore. Sure, everything else may be breaking apart around me but I couldn't care less about any of it. I brushed through my hair, still staring at the person I'd become. I smiled one more time, getting up and sitting down on my bed. I was so bored and I didn't know what to do. There was nothing really. I had no TV in my room, I had gotten tired of the internet and everything outside was wet from the rain. I wasn't really a make-up type of girl so I factored that out as well. I decided to just simply read. It was good enough for me. I pulled out my copy of The Perks of Being a Wallflower and began to read it. About an hour of reading passed and Christina came in the room. \"Welcome home.\" She said with a hint of regret. \" Regret? It couldn't be.\" I thought to myself. \"Thanks, I guess.\" Was all I could say. I stood up off of my bed, putting my book on the table and heading towards the door. \"Can I apologize?\" I heard Christina say. \" Is she sick or something?\" I wondered. I turned to look at her anyways. \"Are you- Are you serious?\" I stuttered. \"Yeah… I, uh, I had no right to do that, what I did back there.\" She replied. I thought for a moment. \"Did William put you up to this?\" Christina shook her head. \"No, this was all me.\" I smiled slightly. \"Well, thanks. It means a lot.\" I said. \"You don't have to thank me.\" Christina smile back. \"Can I just have a hug?\" I asked and she nodded. We wrapped our arms around each other, holding each other tightly. We stayed like that for a moment before I finally pulled away. \"I want to admit something.\" She said softly. \"Yeah?\" I looked to her. \"Dylan and I have been seeing each other as well.\" I smiled at her. \"I know. That's great, though.\" Christina stared at me a minute. \"Wait, did he tell you?\" I shook my head. \"I always sort of thought… You know.\" I shrugged and she nodded. \"Yeah, I know.\" I smiled, waving at her and walking out of the room. I had resolved things with her and William, Dylan has always been on my side and as far as I can tell so is my mom and the kids so all I have to do now is get Frank on board and everything will be better than back to normal… We'll actually be a family. I walked down the stairs, standing in front of Frank. \"Can I say something?\" I asked, not waiting for his answer. \"I love your son very much and I know that you want us to be a family but I can never and will never look at him as my brother. I want to be with him every single day for the rest of my life and hopefully carry on the tradition of a very large family someday.\" I said with a soft laugh, feeling a few tears rush to my eyes. \"I have so much respect for you, Frank, but one thing I will not be able to respect is if you try and keep us apart. I love him and he loves me and I want to marry this boy.\" Frank cleared his throat, fixing his shirt. \"Well then, Phoebe…\" He started. I thought my heart was literally about to pound out of my chest. \"I guess you guys should probably be together, huh?\" I felt a grin crack across my face as I ran, hugging Frank. \"Thank you so much.\" I whispered softly, getting a nod from him. \"Just don't hurt my boy.\" He warned. \"Certainly not.\" I replied. I had finally gotten my entire family back on track and I couldn't be happier. I ran up the stairs, knocking on William's door as I had so many times before at this point. I had my back turned to him until I heard the door open behind me and I jumped into his arms, kissing him on the lips. \"They accept us being together, all of them.\" William grinned at me, kissing me again. \"I'm glad.\" He said softly. I felt my grin slip away as we continued to kiss, I wrapped my arms around his neck and he dipped my, still kissing me. \"Get a room.\" Dylan mumbled in disgust. I pulled away from my room. \"You can go to mine and make out with Christina.\" I teased, taking William's hand in mine. After that, we had grown closer as a family. The months had passed and we were all so happy. It was almost a fairy tale ending. William and I graduated high school and went to the same college. We stayed together all through college and even got a place together after college that is very close to home so that we can visit. William is working in a great paying business and I am doing what I love, singing. We're happily married and we have a nine month old baby named Ariel and another on the way. Dylan and Christina even ended up telling the family about their relationship, which turned out to be a lot more serious than anyone ever thought it could be. Now they're engaged and they've both just graduated college. Dylan's going to be an artist; Christina is going to be a designer, which we all could have guessed. The rest of the kids are great also. Aldo is now ten, it feels like just yesterday he was a little kid. They've all grown so much. Harry and Kaoki did start dating, which actually isn't surprising. Almost all of them have become teenagers by now, it's crazy. Mom and Frank had a new baby named Lilith, after we moved out, thankfully. They're happier than ever, the house is a lot more peaceful besides for Lilith but we all love her none the less. As far as Mrs. Munion goes, she quit after Aldo's eighth birthday when she decided she was too old to be a nanny and the kids were old enough now that they didn't need her, of course she still visits. I guess, looking back, I would probably do it all again because in the end I got my babies and the love of my life plus a great family and I couldn't ask for nothing more. So that concludes this story. What do you think? I hope you guys liked it. My Dylan and Christina one is still at the beginning so if you feel the need to check it out that's fine, if not that's fine too. I want to say thanks so much for the followers and favorites and views and reviews and all, it really pulled me through with this story and my writer's block and all. Again, thank you and that will be the end of A Change Of Heart.[Chapter 13] Authors note: Hey, guys! I just wanted to let all of you know that I have started a new Yours, Mine and Ours story. It is called Unbreakable and can be found on my profile. If you're interested, please do check it out! Thank you and enjoy! xX Crackship Queen Xx ","Summary":" I do not own any of the characters, nor do I own Yours, Mine, and Ours. My name is Phoebe North. I "},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"The Story of NIMH","Author":"Icarus Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9046047","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Story of NIMH You know the beginning of The Secrets of NIMH, but what about before the film? Follow Nicodemus, Justin, Jonathan Brisby, and other rats of NIMH from their humble beginnings. Writers note: This is the first chapter to my story that I have been working on for some time. I tried to put it all on at once, but I did not know it would put the whole thing in one MASSIVE chapter. So with some tweeking, I think I've fixed it. So with that in mind, I was going to finish this then post it, but due to some waning interest in my story-and frankly I'm incredibly bored and want to move on to other projects-I've decided to post it about three-quarters finished, don't worry I will finish it. Anyway reviews are welcome, as is advice. I'm not a writer, and any advice on how to improve is welcomed. Prologue: I never really remembered much of my life before my transformation; it's nothing but a blur now. Every morning it's the same routine for me; wake up by the cold embrace of a gloved hand wrapping around me, carried to a germ- free room where I'm injected with a cocktail of chemicals and then dropped into a maze, some days there would be a box projecting images of objects onto a wall, but most of the time it was a maze that changed layouts with every passing day. I was tasked with finding my way from one end to the other without assistance, if I took a wrong path there would be a strong electrical shock to deter me further, if I stayed true to the path, I was rewarded with returning to my silver box for the rest of the day with a special treat. The same cold hand would gingerly pick me up, carry me through the germ- free room again, inject me once more, and then drop me in my little silver box, which has been my new home for over two weeks now. I don't know what the humans are looking for or what they're doing to me, but each time I make my way through the maze it gets a little easier, surprising given my age. It won't matter what the humans see in me, I won't be around for much longer. My name is Nicodemus, I am a rat, and today I turn 4 human years old. Chapter 1: Nicodemus Nicodemus woke with a start. What on earth? The old rat sat up gingerly from his bed, gray hairy ears twitching to the sound sounded like someone was trying to rip into his cardboard home; maybe a cat or some annoying pups were trying to test if he was still alive. Nicodemus slowly blinked away the sleep- state; he looked up through the slits in the top of the box, it was still night. He yawned and stretched his front paws out, flexing his toes. The muscles and bones moaned to protest the movement they weren't used to, but Nicodemus didn't mind as he moved the motion from his toes to his back in a smooth wave fashion, coming to an end at his tail. The bones in his spine popped. He felt better, now he could investigate what was disturbing this old rat. He sniffed the air with his nose, the gray whiskers on his equally gray nose flicked the air, looking for any signs of foul in the air, he couldn't smell a cat, but something odd was in the air for sure, that didn't mean anything, they were in the city after all, and cats were sneaky beings. He barely got one paw off his mattress foam bed when his world was lifted, right out from under him into the air in an erratic jerk. Tossed from one corner of the box to the other, he tried to regain his footing as he was thrown to another side of the box, trying again and again to stand but would lose his balance on the earthquake that was shaking him to his core. Without warning the lid to his box flew open, and a brilliant yellow light blinded the old rat. He squinted; his eyes began to water at the intense light. He thought for a moment it was the sun, but it was still night out, what is that light? He shrank into the corner he was thrown into, not sure to fear this light, or make a dash for it. These old bones might not get me very far, he thought to himself. He hoped he wouldn't have to go very far to reach safety, but he had to decide quickly. Something was not right about this light. Suddenly deep growls, followed by what sounded like short barks and burps from a large creature echoed into the box from behind this unnatural light. The rat froze, backed into this corner; he prepared to be eaten by something big and hungry. At least I won't see it coming. He thought. But it didn't seem to be aimed at Nicodemus, but something out of site. From what Nicodemus could figure out, it seemed to be something talking, but he couldn't understand it. The light stopped shining for a moment at his eyes, and he could see through the stars in his eyes an outline of a hairy pink skinned head, with round circles around what appeared to be the growling creature's eyes. The eyes weren't all black like a rats, instead the centers were black surrounded by a puddle of white, but the center of the eyes weren't looking at him, they were looking at something out of view, the creatures mouth was flexing and moving, showing its flat teeth every once in a while in its speech. A human, that's what it is, well that isn't much better than a cat, but at least I might have a chance. Nicodemus tried to listen to them talk, he heard the words faintly, but had no idea what they meant. He tilted his head towards his good ear to try and listen. The one holding the light at Nicodemus continued its speech. \"Look at this one Pete…older than the rest… might not survive the trips back…\" The one out of view replied. \"Shame if he doesn't make it… B-204 ... more mature ones…see if it works… process…\" Nicodemus had no idea what any of it meant, but something in his gut said it wasn't good. I'm going to try and make a jump for it. But just as he thought that, the human holding his home finished the conversation with the other human, and promptly shut the lid. Nicodemus was all of a sudden surrounded in darkness, his eyes adjusted to the light now had to readjust to the dark. The box continued its shaking, and so did Nicodemus. He was starting to get motion sickness when the box came to a sudden and crashing stop. Whoever was holding the box had dropped it. Then there were two loud Thumps , Followed by silence. Nicodemus only heard his heart pounding in his ears and his breathing, quick and terrified. He tried to calm himself and listen. He heard a noise, a squeak. Then there were several squeaks, followed by the rustling of a cloth bag. The humans must have captured more of us! Nicodemus thought. They must be in a bag next to my box, maybe I should… \"Hello?\" Nicodemus asked in a shaky tone, running over to a wall. Standing on his hind legs and placing his good ear against the wall of the box to hear a reply. Silence, then. \"Hello? Who's there?\" replied several voices, all with varying degrees of terror in their tones. \"My name is Nicodemus, who are you?\" He said warily. \"My name is Justin.\" Said one of the creatures in the bag, then the rest of the bag began to rattle off names; Duncan, Jonathan, Deborah, Hal, Joshua, Harriet, Nickolas… Everyone in the sack eventually replied with varying degrees of fear in their voices, Nicodemus was surprised by how many creatures were stuffed into the sack, so he tried to think if something to calm them down, so he continued with small talk. \"How many of you are in the bag?\" Justin, who was the first to speak, had a shaky but smooth reassuring voice, spoke for the bag. \"Um, there are a lot of rats in here, and some mice too. How about you, how many are in there with you?\" \"Me.\"Nicodemus replied, taking his ear away from the wall. A long silenced followed, neither package knowing what to say or do now. Nicodemus slid down onto the cold floor in his box. Suddenly the ground beneath their feet hiccupped, then roared to life and began to growl loudly. Nicodemus jumped, and the bag next to him was full of screams of terror from the occupants. \"What is that?\" cried a high pitched voice. \"It's what the humans use to get around with, a vehicle.\" said another voice in the bag. Nicodemus knew of vehicles, they reminded him of giant creatures that humans had tamed into transporting them around without humans exerting too much energy. And they never sounded happy about the job they were forced into, grumbling everywhere they went. \"Are we in one?\" Asked another worried voice. \"Most definitely!\" replied another. \"Dear God, we've been devoured by one of those horrid things!\" the bag was in full screams, Nicodemus just sighed. I'm a little happy if I've been devoured. I've lived my full life. Nicodemus accepted what has happened to him, and decided it was time to fall asleep. Forever in eternal slumber. …Suddenly he was awake. The doors swung open on the vehicle, he could hear that, then the familiar return of human speech. Nicodemus didn't care, if it was his time, he was going to go quietly, he closed his eyes again. The lid of his box was opened, along with the return of the fake sun. \"Aw jeez, this one might kick the bucket before we even get him in the building.\" \"Then don't sit there! Grab the box with the old rat; I'll get the bag with the others.\" Nicodemus was lost to the outside world, his box was picked up again and being shaken from side to side, but not as violently. The human was trying to be gentle. For the first time in his life, he felt at ease; he didn't care where he was going to steal his next meal or worry what was going to happen to him, for once in his life he was content. The world around him began to dim, the rustling of the box against the humans' jacket got more and more quiet, and warmth blanketed him. It's ok to let go . Something told him, no more fighting for scraps, no more smell of death, no more pain. He felt weightless, like something picked him up, maybe he was being carried to the other side, I would have preferred to walk joked Nicodemus. \" We're losing him.\" The voice sounded far away, and like it was in a tin can. \" Should we inject him with the B-204?\" Said another voice, this bothered the first one. \" Too risky, we haven't tested it enough, the proteins still need to stabilize after-\" \" No we need to perform a field test now! We don't have enough mature test subjects to get a conclusive hypothesis on what it does to the cell structure and DNA strands! I'm not going to lose this chance to an old rat keeling over on me. Get it, now.\" There was a sound of movement, heavy boot steps traveling away, the clanging of metal, and then the boot steps coming back. \" Here you are sir, strand B-204.\" Nicodemus felt a slight pinch on his stomach. Then a wave of prickles spread from the pinch on his stomach to his extremities. An invisible hand pulled Nicodemus back from the brink of death with a sudden jerk, his eyes spread wide open and he gasped. His heart beat strong, his breath even, he was alive more than he had been for a long time. He realized he was being held by a gloved hand and flailed his limbs, but couldn't be shaken free from it holding him. The humans that seemed so far away were now staring down on top of him, their faces blacked out by the harsh shadows caused by the artificial suns that shown above the group. \" Seems stable, no signs of distress…\" Said one of the humans, Nicodemus thrashed again, but the hand squeezed tighter. \" It seems to have given him a second wind, good, keep monitoring his condition, and place him in a cage. We'll check on him in the morning.\" And just like that the excitement was over, the humans dissipated like morning fog, Nicodemus didn't stop thrashing long enough to glance around before the iron gripped human placed him in a small dark box, near the top row of other similar boxes, all closed. The hand released Nicodemus near the back wall of the box and withdrew quickly, slamming the large door before Nicodemus could get out. He wasn't about to rush the door, he wasn't sure why the human was in such a hurry. Nicodemus looked around this new and strange place he was in; all sides were a shiny silver, almost reflective, one corner had a small plastic dish full of small brown pellets, and what looked like an upside down baby bottle hanging near the door. The floor was cold to the touch, there was no light coming from above, like his old warm box. The only light shining in was through the wall the human closed; a long narrow window about head level, barred off in small gaps too small for Nicodemus could squeeze between them. But that wasn't on his mind at the moment, he was thinking about himself. What did they do to me? I was on Death's door, and then all of a sudden I couldn't be any more alive . He glanced down, wondering if that pinch he felt earlier had anything to do with it; in the middle of his aged light gray stomach there was a near perfect small circle of dried blood on his fur. How did that happen? Was that the pinch? Whatever that was, I still don't feel right. It was true, the feeling of pins-and-needles never subsided, but more importantly he knew he should be dead, he lasted a full rat life and a little more before all of this, he was about to die peacefully of old age, but something stopped nature's plans; and now he got the feeling his existence was fake, only being kept going by whatever those humans did to him, he didn't like it one bit. He marched toward the windowed wall and shoved it with his shoulder, it moved slightly, but didn't budge. He tried it with what little more strength he could muster; but it still didn't give. What do I do now? His stomach growled, dictating what needed to be done next. Nicodemus didn't remember the last time he ate, and was surprised at how hungry he was, he looked in the shadows of his silver box, and saw the plastic dish full of small brown pellets, he reached in and grabbed one. He carefully brought one of the pellets to his nose and sniffed it; doesn't have a smell, how odd. He bit a small chunk of it off, and instantly spat it back out, ugh! That is foul! A rat isn't a picky eater by any means, they ate the waste humans left behind; but that didn't mean they enjoyed eating everything. The small, odorless, little pellet had the bitterest taste, like drinking foul milk. Nicodemus didn't have much of a choice; he needed nutrition to survive if he was planning on escaping. His face grimaced at the thought of eating these things for an extended period; he bit off another small chunk and quickly swallowed it before the flavor was unbearable. His face scrunched up, he fought back the feeling to vomit. It subsided and he smacked his lips. There have been worse things I've eaten. Another thought crossed his mind; what about everyone else? I can't escape alone, I'm not strong enough anymore, and if I'm not the only one in this place. They needed to escape too. But it can't be done tonight. The humans just captured us and are on watch, the right time will present itself; we just need to hold out until then. Nicodemus shivered, his new box was cold without any insulation or foam. It was just like this when he was a small pup; his brothers and sisters moving constantly, their mother saw no respite as they ran from the humans that began gassing the alleyways and sewers \"To stop us from rising up and taking over\" their mother assured them. They never lived in a place more than a week, and they never carried personal belongings. They were just too heavy to carry. There wasn't much warmth then, and that was so long ago. Could I do it again? He sighed, and curled into a ball near the back wall of his new home. Not much of a choice now. Nicodemus fell into a fitful night sleep. Writer's note: That's the first chapter, released out into the world. I'm betting no one is going to read this, but thats fine, I'm still posting this story. Readers and reviews won't dictate when I release chapters, this story is going to come out in one big chunk, so get ready, because chapter 2 is following shortly behind. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 2] Writer's Note: Forgot the disclaimer from the first chapter; I own nothing, enjoy! Chapter 2: Justin. Justin, a barely starting puberty rat, sat shaking in the far end of the bag. His chocolate brown fur disheveled. Why did I take the stupid bet? Recollecting the actions of the night; he remembered two of his friends dared him to go into a big metal cage with peanut butter placed in a tempting gooey pile in the middle on a raised platform, and being a young rat just reaching the \"Mating\" stage in his young life, took the bet full of pride and testosterone. Oh how he learned to regret it when the moment he touched the raised platform, a great metal door came crashing down behind him, his two \"Friends\" running away as Justin screamed for help. Dark figures descended out of the shadows and picked up the small cage with the small prize. Justin knew they were humans , and they spoke in low grumbling tones, he had no idea what they were saying as a gloved hand reached in and attempted to grab him. Needless to say, you can't run very far when you're in a cage. The vehicle they were all trapped in came to a smooth and sudden stop, wherever they were going, they had arrived. Justin heard the back doors open again, and the towering creatures had returned. One of them grabbed the bag he and the other rats were trapped in, the top of the bag raised, constricting the little room they had left until the rats were all piled on top of each other, screams filled the bag, all except for Justin. He heard the humans speak, and tried to listen through the thick bag. \"Aw Jeez, this one might kick the bucket before we get him inside.\" Oh no, Nicodemus! Justin's heart sank, remembering the short conversation they had. He only just met Nicodemus, he was only trying to keep everyone calm by asking for everyone's name and keeping small talk, Justin felt if they lost Nicodemus, all hope was lost. But he felt like he had known him all his life, and to think he was dying before he even saw him in person, made Justin's blood run cold. \"Well don't just stand there, take him inside! I'll get everything else out here.\" Justin and the rest of the contents of the bag were unceremoniously dropped into a container. The short fall didn't hurt, the bottom of the clear box was filled with soft wood shavings, what did hurt was the small furry figure that landed on him. \"Ouch dammit, Get off me!\" Justin shouted, throwing the small grey mouse off him with a rough push. The small gray mouse landed on his back next to Justin with a small poof of shavings being tossed into the air, he sat up and quickly retorted \"Well next time I'm dropped out of a bag uncontrollably I'll make sure not to land on you!\" the small mouse had his hands on his hips, obviously spoiling for a fight after he landed on a cranky rat, Justin recognized the mouse as Jonathan, funny he thought he was a rat the way he carried his voice inside the bag; A small fiery mouse that must have been about the same age as Justin. Justin knew all too well if they were both around the same age they would break into a fight, it was just how young males were; stuffed full of hormones willing to prove a point which one was more dominant, it didn't matter what species you were. Justin had fought a couple times to prove his own point, so he knew what was going to happen if he didn't shut this down before it started, he didn't want to have an argument right now, he wanted to see where the humans had taken Nicodemus. He ended the confrontation with a grunt, and turned his head to look out the clear wall of their cell to investigate what the humans were grouped around, but Jonathan wasn't finished yet. \"Hey, I'm talking to you, you…\" \"Stow it.\" Justin cut Jonathan off, snapping a cold gaze at Jonathan; Justin was surprised the mouse returned the gaze with equal cold lethality. Jonathan finally gave up, realizing he wasn't going to get to brawl; pride will have to wait. Jonathan let out an explosive sigh, \"Fine\" he growled, and stood next to Justin, turning to face the wall, and started staring out at the group surrounding a tattered cardboard box. Got to hand it to the little mouse, thought Justin, for a little guy, Jonathan sure was a spitfire . One of the humans reached into the tattered cardboard box, and gingerly retrieved a gray, motionless rat, skin a sickly pale white between patches of fur. Justin couldn't help swallowing loudly, so that's Nicodemus, oh the poor fool. Justin glanced at Jonathan, his gaze was fixed on the lifeless figure in the humans hand, not taking his eyes off what was happening, face blank, taking in as much information as possible so he could never forget what was about to happen. The human carried the body to a waist high table and began to bicker with the group, Justin perked his ears as high as they could physically go, he wanted to hear what they were saying, his ears began to ache when the humans speak grew louder. \" We're losing him…\" The human holding Nicodemus stated. \" Should we inject him with the B-204?\" another asked timidly. Inject? Justin asked himself, what does that mean? It was the one word that stood out the most from the conversation, which still confused Justin. \" Too risky,\" Snapped another, \"we haven't tested it enough, the proteins still need to stabilize after-\" \" We need to perform a field test now!\" another slammed its fist on the table, disturbing the metallic instruments with a loud clatter, making half the group jump. \"We don't have enough mature test subjects to get a conclusive hypothesis on what it does to the cell structure and DNA strands! I'm not going to lose this chance to an old rat keeling over on me. Get it, now.\" A human nodded and broke away from the group, walking quickly out of site into another room. Justin couldn't take his eyes away from Nicodemus, a single gray arm hung over the humans cupped hand, lifeless. Justin could only imagine what was going through Jonathan's mind, his face didn't give a hint, it was blank, his intense brown eyes never blinked or moved from Nicodemus. The human returned with a quick stride, holding something in its hand, Justin squinted to try and make it out clearer. It was a small tube, full of a dark orange liquid, he couldn't make out anymore, until the lights caught the tube and a glint caught Justin's eye, it was so thin it was nearly invisible. It was a thin metal line protruding from one end of the tube. Wonder what that is… the human turned and blocked the view Justin and Jonathan had. No! Justin knocked his fist against the wall several times in a futile attempt to get the human to move, each hit resonated a small thump that seemed to vibrate the whole box, and Jonathan finally broke his steely gaze and glanced at Justin. The humans fell silent for a moment, then there was a terrible rasping noise that seemed to pierce every fiber of every being in the box, everyone else who was in the box stopped meandering about and froze. Justin's fur stood on end, the noise was so otherworldly, it resonated in his ear like a gunshot, Jonathan's gaze got wide as he watched the humans slowly revealed what made the noise; Nicodemus' eyes were open and fixed straight ahead, his milky eyes began to regain their natural brown and his mouth was wide open, gasping for air as the color slowly began to return to his wrinkled face. \"Wha-\"gasped Jonathan, so surprised by what he saw he couldn't finish the word, Justin, realizing he was holding his breath, finally breathed a sigh of relief. This rat that he had never met until that evening, no idea what he looked like until just then as a lifeless corpse, was alive. And he was surprised beyond words. The happiness was short lived however, when Nicodemus glanced around and realized he was in the company of Man, he began to thrash, the being holding him gripped tight, and the humans glanced at one another, color drained from their faces, and nodded to one another. \" Seems stable, no signs of distress.\" \"It seems to have given him a second wind, good, keep monitoring his condition, and place him in a cage. We'll check on him in the morning\" \" Until then, you two are going to finish processing the new arrivals.\" One human motioned toward two idle ones. The human holding Nicodemus marched toward the wall of boxes and quickly placed him inside. It turned to the other human and they walked toward Justin and the others location… \"Well.\" Jonathan said after what felt like an eternity, \"I think what we just saw, was old Nic over there come back to life.\" Justin rested his head against the clear wall, yeah, in a nutshell your right. He turned his head, Jonathan was leaning against the wall looking down at his feet, kicking idly at the wood shavings, \"That doesn't make any sense though\" Justin replied. \"What do you suppose they gave him to come back to life?\" \"I don't have the faintest-\"Jonathan didn't finish his sentence before a massive hand reached down and grabbed him, engulfing his small frame in its massive grasp. Justin didn't even think about it; the hand grabbed the closest thing he had to a friend right now, and he wasn't about to let it carry him off. Justin didn't hesitate when he jumped for the hand and bit, Hard. His front and bottom teeth only hesitated a second before piercing the skin and drawing blood, the hand released the mouse and reeled. Justin heard the human shout in pain and terror, followed by a number of expletives, but he was more worried he couldn't let go. He bit deep into the skin tasting the creature's blood in his mouth; a nasty copper flavored overwhelmed his tongue. But now flying around in the air, he was too scared to let go, he felt the humans other hand grab his body and started pulling, Justin kept squeezing with his jaws as hard as he could, he swore the human was going to break his neck pulling so hard, finally the skin gave way, tearing a gaping wound in the shape of a bite on its hand that began to bleed. The moment Justin lost his bite he flew through the air spinning uncontrollably, finally slamming into the wall with a dull thump. Justin was knocked out cold. \" Son of a bitch!\" cried the human clutching his now profusely bleeding hand. \" You should have known better than to reach your hand into a cage full of rodents without your gloves.\" an irritated sounding female human said, still sorting out the rats from the mice, dropping the mice in groups into a clear cage on the floor, and placing the rats in cages lining the walls. \" Quit bellyaching and get down to the med bay, get vaccinated for rabies, and get that bandaged.\" Waving the other human off as she continued the processing procedure. Justin awoke, groggy and incredibly sore. Ohhh rats, Justin said to himself. He found himself in one of those boxes along the walls, the only light coming through a long narrow window with bars across it, preventing any brave attempt at slipping between them and escaping. Justin cursed and hit the ground with his left fist, which he promptly regretted as pain shot up his arm from his shoulder. It's broken, of all the— he sighed looking down at his swollen shoulder, at least I'm still alive, whatever good that is. He countered the broken limb by putting the weight on the other three and gingerly limped toward the windowed wall and stood looking out at the now dark and empty room. He noticed the walls were lined with the same boxes they put him and Nicodemus in, all closed and dark. He didn't notice any smaller boxes like the one he was being kept in earlier. He struggled to look towards the ground, where do they keep the mice? He wondered peering around the corners of his window the best he could, then he saw them; clear little boxes with small figures all huddled in them, stacked one on top of the other under the table Nicodemus was brought back to life on. He saw in one of the boxes a small gray mouse, one small black patch of fur on his left shoulder, talking to another mouse with his paw on the others shoulder; reassuring whoever it was that things were going to be alright. Good he's alright thought Justin. He turned his gaze toward his new home, an unassuming square box with a dish of food and an upside down beer bottle dripping water, the ground was almost reflective, Justin could almost make out his face between his toes. He reached into the dish and pulled out a small brown pellet. Sniffed it, but didn't bite into it, something's off about this thing, he got an idea, he limped back to the window and looked out, Jonathan was still talking to the other mouse. Justin cocked his arm back, and threw the pellet in the direction of Jon. The pellet didn't even reach halfway, and Jonathan didn't notice. Well there goes that idea… He stuck his head back out the window and drew in a deep breath; \"Jonathan!\" he shouted, it wasn't near as loud as he was hoping, and his voice cracked a little, but more importantly his chest felt like someone had stuck him with a toothpick. Something else is broken, great. He gave up trying to communicate; he slumped down into a fetal position with his head resting on his folded arms and shivered, everything hurt and he just wanted to go home. But he couldn't, and that stung more than the wounds, he wondered what his friends were doing, what his mother was doing, really everyone he cared about; how were they coping without him? He fell asleep, too exhausted to do anything else. Jonathan turned; he thought he heard a faint sound from outside his cage. He looked around but saw nothing, must've been my imagination. He turned his attention to the quivering mouse he was speaking to; a frail little thing with light brown fur, one white spot over her left eye that ran down the bottom of her muzzle into a near perfect oval on her stomach. Grace was her name. Jonathan didn't know her, but tried his best to calm her frazzled nerves. She was dumped in the box, along with several others just hours ago and she didn't take it well. She blankly stared straight ahead shaking violently, nobody bothered to see if she was alright; too busy worrying about themselves. Jonathan watched the newcomers stumble about, but nobody tried to help her, he decided to do something; deep down he knew how she felt, being jerked away from your family unceremoniously in the night then dropped into a cramped box full of strangers was hardly the way life should play out. He approached meekly, keeping his head down so he didn't seem threatening, but mostly because he was nervous, he spoke softly. \"Hey there\" was all he could think of, she didn't seem to react continuing to stare blankly ahead, glaring at everything, and nothing. Jonathan stepped closer, he was at a loss for words, not knowing what to say next or do. \"Hey, you ok?\" well that's a stupid question, it's obvious she isn't Jon, Scolding himself; she didn't seem to notice the comment, seeming to shake more violently. Finally he decided maybe touching her might snap her out of it, he gingerly reached his hand out to her shoulder, and lightly tapped her, \"Hey I said-\" she jumped at his touch and screamed, Jonathan did the same, surprised at the sudden and sheer volume of her reaction. She seemed to snap out of her state, though still shaking, and looked around looking completely bewildered. She looks down at Jonathan, who was lying on his back staring wide- eyed at her, panting. \"Where…where am I? w-who are you?\" she said sheepishly, Jonathan replied \"Well, I was the guy trying to save your life, but it turns out you might have to save mine.\" He stated, chuckling nervously, taking deep breaths trying to control his erratic heartbeat. She stared blankly at him, missing the intended joke. Jonathan looked at her expression and sighed, he stood up and brushed himself off and held out his paw. \"Names Jonathan, Jonathan Brisby!\" He said with a slight grin, trying to lighten the mood. She moved her gaze to his hand, and took a nervous step back. Jonathan felt his neck turn red, and drew his paw back. \"Oh sorry, it's a human thing I've seen them do; it's how they greet new people, they shake hands .\" She looked back at his eyes with a look of dismay, \"You are an odd mouse.\" She stated flatly, Jonathan felt a wave of heat run over him, he averted his eyes and fixed his eyes on the ground; he was hurt \"Well you don't have to sugarcoat it I guess, but I was just trying to be friendly…\" his voice trailed off, scratching the back of his head in nervous impulse. \"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean…\" She stammered, at a loss for words. Jonathan looked up at her again and smirked, \"It's alright, and I guess I'm being too forward.\" \"No, it's me I'm just…\" she cut herself off, and stood up straight and extended her paw out in front of her \"My names Grace…\" blurting the sentence out so fast it almost sounded it was in one word. Jonathan extended his paw to hers, and they shared a stiff awkward 'paw shake'. Jonathan cleared his throat nervously and looked away. \"So, um\" Jonathan said after a few moments of silence, \"Tell me about yourself, how'd you end up here? You share and then I'll share.\" Grace sat down, knees tucked to her chest with her head resting on her arms, Jonathan sat down next to her. Her eyes glazed over as she remembered the awful experience; \"I don't know, I was laying in bed trying to sleep, but I kept having this awful dream, so I went outside to get some air..\" She began to shiver violently again, she buried her face in her arms. Jonathan stared at Grace, unsure of what to do, the thought he should do something but wasn't sure what, he inched closer to her, and set his hand on her shoulder. The shivering lessened at his touch, and she continued, \"When I went outside, I heard a noise in the alleyway next to the house, so I went to see what it was.\" Grace's breathing became labored as she struggled to hold back the tears, \"and as I peaked around the corner a human hand grabbed me and threw me into a bag with creatures I didn't know…\" Jonathan's heart ached for this poor mouse, her story was so similar to his it was eerie. \"And here I am.\" She looked up at Jonathan, fatigue ringed her brilliant green eyes, and Jonathan found himself staring deep into them. She sniffled and choked down her tears \"Now it's your turn, how'd you get here?\" Jonathan blinked and came crashing to earth after being lost in the space of her eyes, he looked away and cleared his throat, \"Well, um\" he exhaled, not knowing where to start, \"my story starts a lot like yours, but I wasn't trying to sleep, I was packing my things getting ready to leave my mom's home-\" \"Why?\" she interrupted. \"I was running away.\" He frowned. Grace set her cheek on the crook of her arm and listened intently. \"I wasn't getting along with her over the past couple weeks, probably something to do with me getting older, you know?\" she nodded in agreement, and Jonathan lightly chuckled \" anyway I decided to strike it out on my own, I got about a block away when..\" He spread his arms out, then quickly brought them together, his paws clenched together, signifying a trap, \"Boom, I was stuck in a net, and then I was thrown into a bag with rats and mice in it. And lo and behold, here I am.\" He returned to Grace's gaze, her green eyes wide. They sat in silence for a while, just reflecting how much their lives changed in those instants; two lost souls who could never return to their normal lives, deep down they knew they couldn't, they knew these humans had a plan. Jonathan yawned; loudly enough Grace turned her head to see what all the commotion was. \"Well I think I'm going to hit the sack\" \"I don't know if I can\" whispered Grace, beginning to shiver again, \"I'm so worried what these humans have in store for us, the mice, the rats, everyone. Something in my gut says we are going to be harmed.\" She said coldly. Jonathan hadn't thought a lot about it, he didn't dare in case he couldn't comprehend the fact that they were miles away from anything familiar nor had any clue how they're all going to escape, and collapse on him and succumbing to madness. In this case, some ignorance is bliss. He turned to Grace, and was surprised to see her green eyes looking at him, he hesitated and forgot what he was going to say, her voice broke the hypnotizing spell placed on him; \"Yes?\" she said shyly, Jonathan could only blink, then remembered what he was going to say, he placed his hand on her shoulder, \"Don't think like that Grace, keep your chin up and keep positive, we'll think of a way outta here, I've got a rat friend who might just help get everyone out. I promise.\" She couldn't understand where this was all coming from; how could so much strength come from such a small source? Looking into his brown eyes she could sense a great courage and truth in the words he spoke, the way he spoke made her believe that every word carried straight from the heart and he meant it, the shy smile on his face was of what, hope, strength, confidence? She couldn't help but blush and avert her gaze. Jonathan couldn't help but smile, he helped someone lift their spirits by just talking to them, and he hoped Justin was still alive, and the two of them would formulate a plan and convince everyone that they were going to escape. His mind was racing so fast he forgot he was tired, when he remembered the brakes slammed on, and he couldn't keep his eyes open any longer, he yawned once more, less noisy. \"We'll try, that's all we can do, try and get some sleep, and it's going to be an early morning.\" He rested his head against the cage wall letting his eyes close, he was surprised to feel a warm body press up against his side; it was Grace. He felt his back get sweaty, and he glanced down, she rested her head on his shoulder while scooting closer to his side. She let out a light sigh and closed her eyes, she whispered \"Thank you Jonathan, for showing me there's still hope.\" \"It's no problem, and you can call me Jon if you like.\" She smiled, \"Goodnight, Jon.\" And she drifted into sleep. Jon couldn't help but feel all warm and fuzzy all over, he somehow made someone who was barely sane and about to give up on any hope of survival, and brought them back from the brink with the truth; the truth he saw in his mind, and he knew for a fact he was going to find a way out of this place. He carefully slides his arm over then behind her head and across onto her slender shoulder; she stirred slightly but didn't wake. A grin slid across his face and made him blush, \"Goodnight, Grace.\" He drifted into sleep, letting his head slide onto hers.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: scratches. Nicodemus was standing in a darkened hallway, about 2 feet across and 2 feet tall, surrounded by a thick black fog. He glanced around unable to see anything beyond his paw directly in front of his face, suddenly the fog dissipates slightly, revealing figures standing around him; \"Who are you?\" Nicodemus wants to say, but the words get stuck in his throat, his mouth opens with no sound. The figures begin to take shapes, familiar shapes, some form into rats, all sizes and shapes, some mice too, but Nicodemus notices something peculiar about the creatures around them; they don't have faces. Suddenly without warning, the world turns on its side, everyone drops on their stomachs quickly and grabs a ledge, Nicodemus without thinking grasps the ledge underneath him, he doesn't know why the world turned, then a great wind came from above and presses them all against the wall. Nicodemus looks around, the bigger rats without faces are all holding on, but the mice struggle to hang on, some are blown into the eerie blackness below them, one above Nicodemus in particular is holding on for dear life, one paw loses its grip and the mouse screams, \"Hold on!\" Nicodemus tries to cry out above the howling wind, but the words still don't come out of his throat; without warning the mouse loses his grip and begins to tumble into the darkness, but Nicodemus reaches out and tries to grab the little gray mouse before he too is lost to the darkness. But he doesn't move fast enough. Nicodemus looks into his face as the mouse helplessly falls to his death, and cries out as loud as he can… \"Jonathan!\" Nicodemus cried out, as the black subsided from his vision and he began to wake up from the dream, fur coated in sweat and breathing hard. He looked around, finding he wasn't in the dark tunnel anymore, but his small silver cage. Releasing a sigh of relief, he rubs his eyes with his wrinkled… hands? Nicodemus looked at the alien limbs attached to his body, the wrinkled shaking paws were replaced with less wrinkled, youthful ones; the gray fur that was originally there was gone, instead his paws were covered in a deep brown, almost orange fur laced with gray. Nicodemus' heart began to race, what is happening, is this real? He glanced down looking at his body, the gray fur that originally covered him was in piles around his form, leaving an almost perfect outline of where he slept, in its place was more of the brown-orange fur with a thin line of silver running around the spot on his stomach, where a lighter brown oval ran from the bottom of his jaw, to down between his legs and to the base of his tail. His jaw dropped, this is the color it was when I was younger. Nicodemus knew it had something to do with that pinch, now he was sure; whatever they did, they defied nature and brought him back to life. But that horrid dream, what was that about? Who's 'Jonathan'? The name stuck on the tip of his tongue, he raised his paw and lightly tapped his furrowed brow with his pointer finger, trying to remember where he had heard that name before. It was the name of one of the beings from the bag last night, the memory flooding his mind, but it did little to ease it; the dreams Nicodemus had always had an edge of truth to them, whether they were big or small, something would happen in some degree from his dream that would change the outcome of the day. I must stop Jonathan's death before it happens he told himself, he rose gingerly suspecting the bones and muscles to complain, but they didn't, Nicodemus was ecstatic. The happiness was short lived however when the door to his box swung open and a hand reached in, Nicodemus didn't struggle, he let the hand envelope him and he was drawn into the blinding light of the room, he noticed the figure that held him from last night, the round wires with glass in the frames encircling his eyes magnified the already large eyes on its face. The look on the humans face was bewilderment, as the creature adjusted the frames with his free hand. \" Uh, ma'am, Take a look at subject 1.\" \" What is it Stevens\" a female human standing behind the man spun around from what she was doing, with a tinge of annoyance in her voice. She looked over the man's shoulder with a look of curiosity. \" By God, B-204 has completely changed the subject's physical make- up! Quick take him to the lab, I want a skin sample, blood sample, everything!\" The male human nodded and quickly strode with Nicodemus in hand towards a door; Nicodemus was absolutely lost to what transpired. The human was moving at such a quick pace there was a breeze that tickled Nicodemus' nose. The human pushed the door open, and like on cue the room went from pitch black to almost uncomfortably bright, revealing a shiny surfaced table, a lot like Nicodemus's cage he thought. The table had a myriad of metallic instruments strewn about its surface, with small machines spinning and whirring creating a buzzing noise that made Nicodemus uneasy. He found his world turn upside down, the human turned him over in his hand, and then the being grabbed a gleaming metal apparatus from the table and cautiously edged it closer to Nicodemus. Nicodemus could make out whatever the human was holding that it was very sharp, and he tried to get away from it, but the human held him tight in its grasp. The human brought the blade to his right hind leg, and sliced it above his knee; Nicodemus screamed at the hot pain that shot from the cut, an ear piercing squeak to the human, the human had sliced a small portion of his skin from his leg. The wound began to bleed; the human grabbed a thin sheet of glass, and gathered a drop of blood on the glass and drew it away, then took the now severed piece of fur and skin from the blade and placed it in a small plastic bag. The female human came rushing into the room, finishing whatever task she was doing. \" Well did you get the samples?\" she asked impatiently. \" Yes ma'am, just barely.\" The other replied. \" Well hurry up dammit, put the vermin down and put the blood sample under the microscope I'll begin analyzing the skin sample.\" Nicodemus found himself freefalling into a shallow cage on the table; he landed in a pile of shavings that did little to ease the hard landing, then the human put a lid on Nicodemus' cell and began to get busy. Analyze, samples? What do those words mean? And also what about this 'B-204' they keep mentioning? I wish I was human so I could understand this gibberish. Nicodemus watched from his cell as the humans began to scurry about, holding his blood on the glass and his chunk of skin in the bag. The one with the glasses took the blood and placed it on a pedestal underneath what looked like a small telescope facing down, well that's not how those work thought Nicodemus, are these humans really that much smarter than us? The human lifted the metal frames from his eyes and squished his head against the telescope's viewfinder, grabbing a pencil with his right hand and began furiously scribbling notes down on a piece of paper. The female used a pair of tweezers and plucked the skin from the bag and dropped it in a shallow glass dish, she grabbed what looked like a small cup full of a purple liquid, and proceeded to pour it in with the dish with his skin. What are these barbarians doing? Was the only thought running through Nicodemus' mind; first they cut him and take his blood, then take the skin and douse it in purple water, are they trying to cook me? \" You're not going to believe this ma'am, but his blood cells are replicating at a heightened rate.\" The man said. \" His skin cells are replicating at an alarming rate also\" the woman trailed off, \" from this skin sample, I can determine the old cells are being replaced by younger ones and the younger ones have a longer half-life, and his metabolism has slowed considerably, increasing his life expectancy from an average of 3 years to…God who knows, maybe three times that, maybe four!\" She exclaims excitedly. \"Imagine the applications we could use this for; we could live for longer and healthier, Alzheimer's could possibly be reversed along with Autism, they could make those creams for women's faces to make them look youthful again, \" she gasps,\" imagine the revenue…\" \" We can't think that far down the line\" the male spun around, speaking clearly and deliberately. \" We need to be sure of the possible side effects before we can release it to the public; the FDA hasn't forgotten what our last 'breakthrough' did, and neither have our lawyers.\" She waved him off, \"I could care less what restrictions or requirements our legal department has us confined to.\" \" We should test the strand on the rest of the subjects; we don't know what it does to the younger tissue yet, that could calm their minds.\" \" Do it. Oh and while you're at it lets go ahead and start the first round of strand G-2.\" \" Yes ma'am\" The female left the room, leaving the male behind to clean up the lab. Nicodemus was attending the wound that was on his leg, it finally stopped bleeding when the humans finished whatever they were talking about. Was that really necessary? Thought Nicodemus, licking the wound, it started to clot and he wanted to keep fur and infection from setting in. he didn't notice the humans hand return; it surprised him and he flailed, his heart taking a shot of adrenaline, but the humans hand constricted his movements and Nicodemus began to find it hard to breathe. He found himself twisting through the air again, his world turning upside down for the second time, he panicked, thinking the human was going to take another chunk out of him and began to furiously shake his head and shoulders trying to wiggle out of its iron grip. The human pinned Nicodemus's head back by pushing his thumb underneath his neck, restricting the already choking rat, he only could cough and gasp as the humans thumb held him down like a boulder, and his vision began to fade as he felt another pinch in the middle of his stomach. The pins and needles feeling returning, surrounding him like a big itchy blanket, the human removed his thumb from Nicodemus' neck before his world turned completely black and he inhaled deeply, coughing when his lungs took in as much air as they could. He was dropped in the cage again, just as hard as the first time, and tried to regain his breath coughing and gasping as his airways ached for oxygen. He blinked away the tears forming in his eyes, still wheezing from the crushing force of the man's thumb, and watched the human pick up a small box off of the table and speak into it. \" Subject 1 was given the first round of the G-2 injections, will monitor condition for improvements in higher cognitive thinking and adverse side-effects and continue with the regiment.\" The human spoke into the small black box it was holding, removing his thumb from a button on the side with a click. It held the button down again and seemed to think of what to say next. \"Going to test the B-204 strand, which has had the time to germinate and mutate, on the rest of the subjects.\" \" And I know just who to start with.\" The human growled, releasing the button, twisting his face into a sadistic grin showing the gleaming sharp teeth underneath, and then the human scurried off into the other room. Nicodemus wished he could do something, something, come on, think, think… But he couldn't, an incredible feeling washed over him, like being sick but euphoric at the same time, like those human drinks in the green bottles, Liquor. He found it hard to stand, the world shifted under his feet like it was a gelatin, and it felt like something in his mind was reeling. Like the water around my brain is bad he thought. He knew it didn't make a lick of sense but it was all he could think of. He then fell flat on his stomach, the world going black again. Justin had a rough time getting any sleep, his aches and pains from his shoulder and whatever else was busted throbbed like a swollen finger, in fact I'm betting one of my fingers is busted too . It kept him up all night, along with the memories that ran through his head like an old movie reel; the times his mother had to drag him home for supper because he wanted to keep playing with his friends, when his dad left him and his siblings and mother behind, the time his best friend walked in on him having a fling with his girl, and then the inevitable fight in the back alley afterwards. And will I ever experience fond memories like that again? As he reminisced, he spotted a shadow move over his window, and then his door swung open with a loud bang. Justin jumped, and quickly ducked into a corner, he recognized the being stand before him. \" Remember me, you little prick ?\" The human with the metal frame around his eyes spat. \"It's time to learn some manners.\" He reached in, a thick glove on his hand, and slammed Justin against the back wall with an audible thump, Justin groaned as the hand pinned him against the wall, causing great pain to his injured body. He couldn't bite through the glove this time, and he sure couldn't try and make a run for it, his shoulder wouldn't allow it, now swollen to grotesque proportions. The hand squeezed the air out of Justin, and his shoulder made a sickening pop as the bones slide in and out of place, Justin nearly lost consciousness from the immense pain. \" Doesn't feel too good now does it? Oh don't worry; I've got more in store.\" The human hissed, an evil grin stretching across a corner of his mouth. Justin felt the hand constrict around him and pull him out of the cage; he could barely keep his eyes open from his broken shoulder, like standing too close to a fire and unable to get away from it, the searing pain burned to his very soul. He was carried into a separate room; on the waist high table illuminated by a single overhead sun was a collection of metallic cadavers used for whatever medical purpose the humans saw fit, and something else on the table caught Justin's eye; a lone rat in a small cage, face down in the sawdust. The man walked towards the table and picked up a small black box, and clicked a red button on the side; it made a click then a buzzing sound that grated Justin's ears. \" First on the list we got Subject 12, suffered a near lethal fall yesterday after processing that left serious contusions and possibly broken appendages…\" The human squeezed Justin, and he let out a cry of agony. \"Gonna try the B-204 strand, now with minor tweaks to the cell structure and genome, which in theory should boost regenerative abilities while still slowing the metabolism and increasing cell life.\" The human placed the box on the table and retrieved a cylindrical apparatus with a thin silver line protruding from one end; a needle. Justin noticed it was the same object they had when Nicodemus was on death's door, and it was in the hands of a very, very vengeful man. \"Trust me little man, this will hurt.\" The human smirked, the glass in the frames reflecting the light over the table, giving the man the illusion of no eyes and a dark soul. Justin knew what the human word 'Hurt' meant. He thrashed, using his good paw and clawed at the thick glove, he tried kicking it and even biting it again, but It just didn't affect the human as he inched the tube full of the orange liquid closer to Justin, he began to panic, thrashing helplessly as the human nearly held him so tight he was sure he was going to pass out from lack of oxygen, suddenly there was another sharp pain, right in the middle of his stomach. \" oops, missed the vain\" the man said sarcastically, \"Let's just search for it a bit…\" he moved the tube, still stuck in his skin, around in circles, the pain was immense, Justin grit his teeth, I swear I will find a bit of you that I can bite, and I will not let gohe thought violently. \" Oh, there it is!\" It replied slyly, pushing the plunger and the liquid into Justin Pins and needles washed over Justin, he tried to blink away the stars that were swarming the edge of his vision, a wash of unpleasant feelings danced across his skin, like his hair was standing on end. He didn't reflect long on the feeling as he was dropped, on his shoulder, in the cage with the rat face down. \" Don't go anywhere; I'm bringing in some playmates.\" And with that the human left the room, the door closed behind him with a swish. Justin struggled to stand, between the humans iron grasp, his aching body and whatever the tortures the human had put him through was an incredibly taxing feat. He held his broken arm and limped toward the face down rat; he didn't have a clue that it was, the brown fur and streaks of gray didn't reveal any hints until he walked around to the beings face, one black eye looked up at him and smile came across the exposed half of his face. \"It is good to finally meet you face to face Justin, so to speak.\" He was speaking slowly and deliberately, with a heavy slur, the being chuckled. \"I wish it was under better circumstances.\" Justin's heart stopped. \"Nicodemus, is…is that you?\" \"Yes it is.\" He whispered. \"What did they do to you?\" Justin leaned down and tried to roll him over, both beings grunting under the excursion of tired muscles. Justin managed to get Nicodemus righted and slid him up against the cage wall. \"I do not know; the first injection they gave me seemed to prolong my life and extend it.\" Nicodemus said with a slur. \"And the second one which he just gave me has…affected my ability to move and speak. I can barely lift my hand, and my speech is, well you can hear it.\" \"It sounds like you've been drinking that human liquor, Nicodemus.\" Justin joked. \"I can promise you have not been drinking, Justin.\" Nicodemus replied dryly, raising an eyebrow to the snickering youth. \"I heard in the human's conversation with the little black box he was holding; said something about 'Mental capacity', I don't recognize the second word, but I believe 'mental' has something to do with your brain. And if what it said is true, there are more of these 'tests' along the way.\" He grimaced. More of these tests, Justin thought, he only just got the first round and he was not in shape for another one, and Nicodemus didn't look like he could take anymore either, he kneeled next to Nicodemus gingerly speaking with a hint of excitement in his voice; \"Nicodemus, we need to get out of here before the humans turn us into pin cushions!\" Nicodemus looked up at Justin, his eyes full of the fire of youth and hope, he just sighed and dropped his head, \"We can't leave yet my friend, something is telling me we need to wait—\" \"Wait, Wait for what? One of us gets killed?\" Justin cut him off, eyes wild, searching for an answer in the old rats glazed eyes. \"I know it sounds wrong, but something keeps nagging at my mind, I can't explain it in words but we need to get everyone out not just us, and I fear we aren't strong enough on our own; we need everybody, so we must wait.\" His head dropped again, the conversation had sapped more energy than Nicodemus had thought, but Justin wasn't done yet. \"But there won't be anybody left if we wait for too long!\" Justin had raised his voice, not from anger but frustration. What Nicodemus was saying sounded like madness to him, why don't we get out now? \"Justin\" Nicodemus whispered weakly, interrupting Justin's thought, reaching out with a weak hand and grasped the young rats good arm; holding tightly. The young rats' muscles were tense, like a spring they were ready to explode in one big moment, and Nicodemus hoped reaching out may calm him down. His tense muscles relaxed slightly. He spoke softly, almost a whisper. \"We need a plan, my friend; we can't just break out without some idea of the goal we are aiming for.\" Justin released an explosive sigh, he does make some sense I suppose. He gave in and sat down next to Nicodemus, who seemed winded after the conversation, his eyes closed. Justin cradled his arm so the ache in his shoulder was less severe. Nicodemus let out a light chuckle, turning his head towards Justin without opening his eyes, \"What was that human fuming about, what you did to deserve all that?\" Justin scoffed, and beaming with pride exclaimed \"I bit him right on the hand!\" \"Oh, did you? Please, tell all.\" Lacing his fingers together on his stomach, he let Justin tell his heroic tale. Jonathan slept like a newborn baby. The warm being next to him filled him with butterflies each time he woke up and found her there, twitching in her deep sleep. But then he woke up, and found his side cold and empty. Jonathan panicked, where did she go? The shot of adrenaline woke him up, desperately glancing around looking for Grace, but there she was, gazing out of the cage at the open room. Jonathan breathed a sigh of relief; he stood up and approached her quietly. \"Hey, what are you-\" \"Shhh!\" she hissed, holding a finger up to his mouth, her green eyes open and glaring at him. \"Look what that human is doing in that cage over there.\" Her gaze moved back to the movement outside, Jonathan glanced over to the human, growling to something out of site, arm buried in the box against the wall. \"What's he doing?\" Jonathan asked perplexed. \"I don't know\" Grace answered blankly, \"but it's been shouting and hurting something in there. Is your rat friend in there?\" \"I don't believe so… Wait.\" Jonathans mind wandered to the night before, when Justin bit the hand that had captured Jonathan, the being that had let him go wore metal frames with glass in them the night before; and this human had them too. \"Oh no…\" \"What is it?\" Grace asked, watching Jonathan's face lose color as the memory came back to him. \"That is my rat friend, he bit that human last night trying to save me, split his hand wide open before they pried him off, and I think it's trying to get even. Dammit he's gonna kill him!\" Jonathan felt panic, he couldn't escape and help Justin, cage was closed and worst yet; there was nothing he could do. After all, you're only a mouse. Jonathan grits his teeth and swore, slamming his balled up fist against his prison wall. Finally after what felt like an eternity the human relented, and brought the small bruised bundle out of the box, its face wincing and crying out at the immense pain the human had caused. The being carried him into another room; an uneasy silence fell over the mice. Jonathan felt a rock form in the bottom of his stomach; he wished he could do something, anything, to get out of this place. Just as all hope seemed lost he felt a small light hand on his shoulder, he glanced over to find Grace, one hand on his shoulder, the other close to her chest, her face full of worry, \"Don't give up hope Jon, you told me there is still a chance to get out of here.\" Her eyes, a brilliant emerald green, had melted the rock in Jonathan's stomach. He instantly knew what had to be said. \"Oh, I'm not giving up, not by a long shot\" the fire returning to his eyes. \"I'm going to get even.\" \"How are you going to do that?\" She asked. His mind raced, trying to think four steps ahead while at the same time keeping everyone else on the same page, he thought for a minute before saying anything. \"Let's say we end up in the same room with Justin…\" \"Who's Justin?\" She interrupted. \"Sorry, he's my rat friend.\" He replied, losing his train of thought, he began to pace, trying to remember what he was thinking. He snapped his fingers while still pacing. \"Got it, when he grabs the rest of the rats and then us, we will be all in the same room, and we can finally talk to the others and come up with a plan to escape!\" \"Are you sure it will go that smoothly?\" She asked with a hint of worry in her voice. \"No, but it's all we got right now, as much as I hate to say it…\" He stopped pacing and stood over by Grace, one eyebrow raised at her, \"All we can do is sit around waiting right now.\" Both mice were silent, Grace seemed to be digesting what Jonathan had said; Wait for the monsters to take us to escape? What madness is this? She finally spoke what was on her mind. \"Jon?\" He turned his head, \"Hm?\" \"I don't like this plan of yours.\" She said flatly. \"I don't either Grace, but without the rats there's no way we can get outta here, we need their strength to lift the lid off our cage and they need us for our brains.\" Jon tapped his temple and crossed his eyes in a mocking joke, Grace giggled. He can find humor in any situation, she thought to herself, it did little to calm her nerves but he was trying his best to calm her and to make this grave situation a little less daunting. \"Okay\" She said finally, \"I'm going to trust you and your crazy plan.\" \"Not crazy\" he defended, \" calculated plan.\" She rolled her eyes at him and they both sat down, both mice watching the human move between the rooms, each time taking a new rat in with it. It never returned any of the rats, so one of Jonathan's guesses were right; he was putting them in some container where they would all be. How long they would be in there though, was another matter. Minutes ticked by like molasses, Jonathan began to fidget, while Grace watched the human systematically remove each rat from the containers, until there was only one cage left to open. Jonathan began to breathe in deep. \"You ready, I think we're next.\" Grace began to shiver, watching the human carry in the last rat behind the door; she waited for the door to close shut before speaking. \"Jon, I'm scared; I don't think I can take getting separated again.\" Her green eyes were wide as she looked at Jonathan, fear creeping in. Her heart raced and her breathing quickened, nearly hyperventilating, \"Whatever that man is doing to those rats will be twice as bad for us!\" \"Grace, I need you to breathe.\" Jonathan's voice reassuring, turning to face her and gently holding her shoulders so her shaking would come under control, her eyes darting around the cage, \"it's going to be alright, this is the only way we can escape. I need you to dig deep Grace, I know you can.\" His tone solid and reassuring like a rock. She took a deep breath in, closing her eyes and swallowing hard. \"Okay.\" She whispered. Suddenly the door swung open, the being stepped in and began to approach their cages, nervous murmurs filled the cages. \"Here we go.\" Jonathan whispered. The being crouched down with a grunt, and picked up the cage Jonathan and Grace were in, along with a cage underneath theirs, the momentary gain in gravity forced Jonathan and the others down on all fours until the human had stood completely straight again. Grace stumbled, and fell into Jonathan, who caught her fall in his arms; she glanced up at him, his eyes focused on the being towering above them, a steely gaze that could stop a train in its tracks with its intensity. The cage was filled with screams as the mice ran in terrified circles with nowhere to go, all except for Jonathan and Grace, holding their ground as the human began to whistle tunelessly. It pushed the door open with its shoulder, and they entered another alien world. An unassuming room with one light above a table, on the table was an assortment of metal tools and a small cage, packed full of rats shambling about, lost and confused. In the crowd Jonathan spotted a dark brown rat, holding his shoulder near the corner of the cage, talking with another darker brown rat, grey laced through his fur. The human grunted a final time, setting the mouse cages next to the overfilled rat's cage, and continued to walk to the other side of the table, picking up a small box and talked into it. \" Rats 1 through 24 have had the B-204 injections with the first rounds of G-2 also, moving on to the mice test subjects next, same injections…\" the being trailed off jotting notes down and continuing to talk into the box. Jonathan ran to the side facing them, and saw Justin cut his way through the crowd towards Jonathan. Justin reached the wall, his face lit up seeing his friend was unharmed, but Jonathan couldn't say the same for Justin; his shoulder had swelled to an unnatural size, his fur was unkempt, a small brown spot dominated the tan fur on his stomach and his face was covered in black and blue bruises that were visible through his fur, how he manages to still smile through all that pain is beyond me . \"Jeez Justin, you look awful, and your all busted up.\" Jonathan joked. \"Yeah I'm fine by the way. Who's your friend?\" Justin motioned towards a timid brown being hiding behind Jonathan. \"Oh this is Grace, Grace? Meet Justin, the rat who's going to bust all of us out.\" \"Pleased to meet you\" She whispered, stepping out from Jonathan's shadow. \"Miss\" Justin bowing his head. He returned his gaze to Jon, \"I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news everyone, but we can't bust out just yet…\" His smile suddenly gone, replaced with a frown. \"Nicodemus wants us to wait a bit longer, so we can get everyone on the same page.\" Jonathan's heart sank, \"What do you mean 'wait'? And I thought Nicodemus was…\" \"Dead?\" a being stepped out of the crowd and stood next to Justin, his black eyes softly staring at the mice, a small smile crept across his salt-and-pepper face. \"Wow Nic, you look…\" Jonathan was at a loss for words, stunned by how much the old rat had changed. \"Alive? Yes I feel it too. I know you don't fully agree with my plan to wait any longer, but I fear if we were to leave now, we would not survive.\" His face turned grave. Jonathan couldn't believe what he was hearing; in order to escape, we need to wait? \"You're going to have to explain that a bit better for me Nic; you want us to wait?\" Jonathan asked perplexed. \"I don't like it either\" interjected Justin, \"But Nicodemus has a point; I'm not in any shape to move, let alone help in an escape. And on top of that, we have no idea how to get out of this place.\" \"Have you asked anybody else if they're willing to help?\" Jonathan asked. \"Well, on that subject…\" Justin scratched the back of his neck with his good hand, \"No one is really in any shape to listen.\" \"The injections they gave us have…Altered some things.\" Nicodemus said slowly. \"What he means is; everyone is stumbling around kind of drunk for a few minutes, Nicodemus and I were first to get them so we got over it, everyone else however just got them. They are in no shape to listen to us gab.\" \"So what, we wait until everyone sobers up?\" Jonathan groaned, a tinge of frustration showing itself in his voice. \"Take care young Jonathan, if it affects us in this way, it may affect you're species in another.\" Nicodemus warned. The human returned the black box absent from his hands, instead replaced with a tube full of liquid. \"He's come back, get ready Jon it's your guys' turn.\" Justin stated. The human lifted the lid off the cage, and grabbed a mouse nearest to the hand, the being squeaked as the mouse was carried out and stabbed with the tube. The human continued its tuneless whistle, dropping the mouse back into the cage; the mouse fell into the cage, limp. Grace froze solid at the unmoving figure, loved ones rushing to the still form. The rest of the mice in the cage broke into screams and panic; rushing to the side of the cage Jonathan and Grace were grouped trying to get away from the hand, nearly trampling them in the process. The cage opened above them, and the group scattered as the hand reached in and grabbed another one, Jonathan didn't think twice before grabbing Grace's paw and slamming her against the cage wall, protecting her against the mob of panicking mice. \"What do we do?\" Screamed Grace over the crowd, another mouse being carried out of the cage; the disturbing whistling of the human being heard over the screams. \"Just keep calm, and don't let go of me!\" He looked back at Grace, her eyes full of terror. It was all he could think of to say, it didn't sound right as the words seemed to ring hollow in his ears, but her hand gripped tighter around his, and she nodded furiously. Another limp body hit the floor in front of them and jumped; and then the hand came for Jonathan. He didn't run as the hand enveloped him, but Grace didn't let go, screaming as she was lifted off the ground. \"Grace! You need to let go!\" Jonathan shouted. \"I don't want to lose you!\" She cried back, tears flowing from her. \"I don't want to lose you either, I promise I'll be right back. Please, let go!\" She clenched her teeth and closed her eyes tight. And let go. Jonathan was lifted to the black framed creature, and he fetched a tube. Jonathan didn't avert his gaze, eyes full of fire and hatred towards the creatures menacing stare. \" My god, you're full of piss- and -vinegar aren't you little guy?\" The human laughed, and stabbed the sharp end into Jonathan's stomach. The air was sucked out of Jonathan from the sharp sting the needle caused, and then he felt unnatural warmth fill him as the plunger on the end of the tube ejected the orange liquid into Jonathan's tiny frame. His world was turned upside down as he was dropped back into the cage, the burning inside him was overwhelming, and he could barely get his breath back struggling to stand but only managed to get on his hands and knees. He heard Grace's voice, far away but she had ran right next to him, she repeatedly yelled his name, each time she sounded farther and farther away as did the screams from the other mice, a tunnel formed on the corners of his vision as his head dropped, drool falling from his open mouth. He heaved but nothing came out, he kept heaving until all he saw was red. And then he was consumed by blackness as he heard her scream one last time before she was grabbed and he succumbed. He came to a few hours later. Jonathan groaned as he gingerly lifted himself out of the wood shavings, bits sticking to his face where he had drooled. His body still didn't feel right, there was a lingering feeling of heat over his body that made him uncomfortable, but more importantly he had a massive headache. It was an excruciating sharp pain that seemed to engulf his whole head, he grabbed his head with both paws, trying to stop the vice from squeezing anymore, teeth gritting as it throbbed its red-hot pain. The headache lessened as he remembered someone yelling his name; who was it? He gasped, Grace! He didn't care that about his headache or how he felt for a moment, it was more important he try and find Grace. He looked around furiously for her; there were others, all sleeping either from the injections, or their own fatigue. But he didn't see Grace anywhere. He noticed the cage he was in was less populated from earlier; the open ground that dominated the cage was a reminder of what had transpired hours ago. Where are the rest of them? He questioned himself; then he noticed her. She was in the far corner, farthest away from where Jonathan stood, he tried to run to her; but his legs gave out underneath him. Dammit why won't my legs work? He tried again, his knees buckled and he fell forward on his hands and knees. He cursed to himself, he forced himself up on his shaky foundation once more, Come on Jon, focus; you need to crawl before you can walk, and you need to walk before you can run. I'm skipping the 'crawl' step. He set his left foot in front of him gingerly; he shook for a moment, and then gave himself just enough time to put his right leg just ahead of his left. Wash, rinse, repeat Jon, it's time to learn how to walk again. After a few shaky steps he got the pattern down, and slowly marched towards the motionless light- brown bundle. He found himself exhausted when he reached Grace; he collapsed next to her completely winded, but he didn't care. \"Grace?\" He whispered. She remained motionless, but Jonathan noticed she was still breathing, her eyes closed, her mouth slightly open. \"Grace.\" He tried a little louder, gently shaking her shoulder. She stirred, and lifted her head slightly, her eyes narrow slits. She glanced around for a moment, and found Jonathan, relieved to see her awake. \"Jon…\" she whispered, barely audible. \"Hey there\" He whispered back. She suddenly exhaled sharply, her head fell back on the ground and her eyes rolled back as her eyelids shut; and then she began to shake violently. \"Grace?\" Jonathan stammered, his blood running cold as panic began creeping in, this wasn't shivering, it was much more violent, his eyes grew wide and adrenaline began to flow through his veins. She continued shaking; her arms flailed, striking Jonathan. Her head kept snapping back, generating an audible thump against the cushioned floor, and an unearthly grunt passed through her lips. The convulsion wracked through her body, Jonathan was in full panic; he continued to grab her shoulder and shake it. \"Snap out of it Grace! Come on, this isn't funny anymore!\" his voice wavering, groups of mice began to wake up to the disturbance Grace was causing. Suddenly a shaky voice shouted from behind Jonathan; \"Dammit boy she's having a seizure, hold down her arms so she doesn't hurt herself!\" Jonathan spun around to see an elderly mouse wobbling towards him, flapping his arms. \"What-\" \"Shut up and hold her down now! I'll hold her feet.\" Jonathan had no idea who this was barking at him, but he didn't care as he complied and held down her arms, she was stronger than Jonathan realized, and had to actually lay down on top of her to pin her arms, her eyelids flickered open revealing the white of her eyes; the pupils buried above her eyelids, foam began to form at the corners of her agape mouth. Jonathan didn't know what to do; he felt completely useless as he felt a lump form in his throat, he struggled to hold back the tears as Grace's convulsing seemed to last forever. \"Don't let her head snap back, it will cause her pain when she comes to.\" Jonathan couldn't even reply; tears were perilously close to spilling like an overflowing dam, but he listened, and tried to hold her head down, placing his elbow in the crook of her arm and his paw gently cupping her forehead; her head was hot to the touch. After what felt like an endless nightmare the convulsions slowly got better, the alien grunts had stopped, tears formed in her eyes, and it required less strength to hold her arms. The gravelly voice behind Jonathan reassured him; \"She is starting to come out of it, you can let go of her arms and comfort her and let her know she is in safe company.\" Jonathan swallowed hard to fight back his tears; she must be so scared. He slid Grace's head onto his lap, and buried his face into the soft fur on top of her head, sweat trickling into his fur. \"It's okay Grace,\" His voice cracking, \"Everything will be okay, just breathe, I'm here…\" He sniffed and tried to get closer to her. \"I'm here.\" The convulsions came to a stop a few moments later, her breathing returning to normal, and she looked like she was in a sound sleep. Jonathan ran his fingers through her fur on her head, wiping away the tears that had fallen from his eyes onto her, she moaned quietly and stirred, but didn't wake up. A small rough hand patted him on the shoulder, \"good job boy, you can now breathe a sigh of relief.\" The same rough voice said. Jonathan wiped the tears away with his forearm and turned to see who the stranger was that helped him. He hadn't noticed the large crowd that now was gathered around them. \"Thank you\" he whispered; utterly exhausted after the ordeal. \"Thank yourself; you'll need it.\" The elderly mouse said, brushing his tan fur off. \"Who are you?\" Jonathan asked, voice cracking. \"Jericho.\" He replied with a hint of irritation, \"Jericho Ages.\" Justin couldn't help him. He paced his prison anxiously, holding his elbow so his shoulder wouldn't complain about him moving about. He still didn't fully agree with Nicodemus with waiting a bit longer before making good on their escape, he just watched the cage next to him erupt into a small mob, running away from the long arm of the scientist, and taking his friend. I wish I could've done something he groaned, pacing faster. At least my shoulder is starting to feel better, he thought, flexing the limb gingerly, a twinge shot up his arm, letting him know he isn't one-hundred-percent yet. Its healing remarkably fast, what was in those vials? He itched involuntarily at his side. Justin began recalling what had happened earlier; the man injecting him and 24 other rats… 24? Justin thought about it for a bit; a number? Since when did I know anything about numbers? It didn't feel right, his skin crawled at the thought, and he itched at his side again. What did that monster do to me? He kept asking nobody in particular, since that morning things started to happen that Justin never noticed before; problem solving came easier to him. He had no idea how to get water out of the upside down beer bottle, pushing the metal ball with his tongue made droplets fall into his parched mouth, but did little to slake his thirst after the injections, but he discovered; if I push it in with my finger, the water flows freely. After learning that he drank till he was content. Too bad there wasn't a magic trick to make this food taste better. True the food was still incredibly gross, but he discovered the pellets made a good pencil, and smudging the brown pellets on the floor or walls left behind a mark, a simple chicken scratch that meant nothing. Or did it? Watching the line more and more it seemed to take shape, of what? He wondered; then it hit him. It's a number! There was one scratch on the floor, Justin knew that, but how did he know that? He never thought about numbers before, let alone count with them; so he drew another mark. Two , now he knew it wasn't a fluke; He could count! Pride washed over him along with the grin extending across his face, he drew three more in rapid succession that makes five! He exclaimed, it was an incredible feeling, like learning to walk or asking a girl out for dinner; it was a complete head rush. He wanted to learn more. He counted how many paces it took him to walk from one corner of the cage to another, 24 paces deep and 22 paces wide. He even took the remaining food pellets out and counted how many there were in the dish, that one was a bit difficult, he only had ten digits on each hand and he couldn't count beyond them. So he had what felt like an hour the pellets all in groups of ten, in four rows across and four rows down, forming a neat little box. Wow, was all that came to mind after he did a little math. Soon he found himself without anything to count, except the seconds ticking by until the humans had continued the experiments again. If this is what their trying to unlock in us, then I'm all for it. He chuckled to himself in his cage until daylight.[Chapter 4] Chapter four: Two Scratches Jonathan couldn't sleep that evening, on account of Grace and her seizure , as Ages called it, and the injections were still lingering in his system, a twinge of nausea would form in his stomach every once in a while, and the unnatural warmth was gone, instead replaced with Grace's sleeping form. Jonathan couldn't help watching her; like the whole nightmare of the night had never happened, and she laid peacefully, head on his lap, in a deep slumber. Ages had sporadically checked on them both, more worried about Grace than Jonathan, and would ask if she had woken up yet. She hadn't woken up since her episode last night, and Jonathan started to worry also; the fatigue rings and bloodshot eyes told a story that he had sobbed, secretly, and didn't get much sleep. Jonathan was going over what Nicodemus had said; why couldn't they leave yet, how long must they wait? He was sure whatever the human gave him didn't affect him as bad as they did for Grace, he wasn't sure if he could take anymore, let alone her. Ages had waddled toward the pair again, clearing his throat as he got closer, interrupting Jonathan and his thoughts. \"How is she doing?\" Ages asked, fatigue showing in his eyes as well. \"Still not awake,\" Jonathan replied, his voice groggy from the lack of sleep. \"Hmm\" Ages grumbled, beginning to wander off again. \"Hey, um, Jericho, you got a sec?\" Jonathan asked warily, Ages stopped and turned his head without a word, Jonathan took the hint, you've got my attention what do you want, was the look he was getting. He started talking. \"How did…if you don't mind me asking, how did you…what is, um…\" The words got stuck in his throat, the old mouse intense glare didn't help, and neither did his slowly raising furry eyebrow. \"What is a seizure?\" It sounded stupid to ask, but Jonathan had never heard of it before and it seemed like this 'Ages' character knew a good amount about them. Ages just glared, his gaze wavering slightly as he thought of a reply. \"Well my boy I'm not entirely sure either, all I do know is it has something to do with the brain; lack of oxygen, bad wiring, or something along that lines.\" Waving a hand, he turned and sat across from the pair, taking a deep breath in. \"It doesn't really happen to animals, I mean it happens, but not as often as it does to humans, usually it's caused by some kind of outside changes to the mother while the baby is still in the womb, or it's a family trait.\" He stopped, gauging Jonathan's reaction, his red eyes blinked, showing some kind of understanding before Ages continued, \"It usually happens to the ones that are slow, or weak. This mouse…\" Ages pointing a finger in the sleeping figures direction. \"Grace\" Jonathan filling in the gap. \"Yes, Grace, is she…slow?\" \"Oh dear god no, not slow\" Grace stirred, but didn't wake. Jonathan decided to whisper what he was going to say, \"I wouldn't say slow; more like…\" he thought for a minute. \"Fragile, I think is the word.\" Ages grumbled, satisfied with Jonathan's description. \"When she arrived here, was she terrified? Frozen?\" eyebrows raised in a question. \"Yeah,\" Jonathan remembering, \"She was dropped in here and nobody seemed to notice she was shaking like a leaf, so I decided to help her out you know?\" \"Noble thing of you to do\" Ages praised, \"it doesn't help however that she was taken from her home and then dropped in a box full of strangers.\" \"Exactly what I thought\" Jonathan said. Ages just held up his hand, motioning for Jonathan to kindly put a sock in it. He listened. \"It also doesn't help that whatever these humans are doing to us have affected a number of us in a really bad way. Grace here might be a special case; the injections might have triggered some things that weren't stable to begin with to go haywire, causing her to have these episodes. I fear her mind might be too weak to survive another barrage of tests.\" The words hung in the air like a bad odor. Jonathan dropped his gaze to her, still sleeping soundly, moaning softly every once in a while in her dreams. His heart sank at the thought of losing her, but another question popped up in his head despite the bleak conversation. \"How do you know so much about seizures, Ages?\" This question seemed to throw Ages off balance; he thought for a second then deeply sighed. \"I had a daughter, years ago; she had them all the time when she was little. Scared the bejeezus out of her mother, and me\" he managed a light chuckle, but his face changed to sadness as he remembered more, voice with a slight tremble. \"It was a lifetime ago; try not to think about it now.\" His gaze wandering around the cage, he sighed once more. An uneasy silence fell over the group; they sat there for what felt like an eternity until something happened. Grace's eyes began to flutter. Ages and Jonathan both let out a relieved sigh as she began to come to, Ages rushed over to her, kneeling over her along with Jonathan, she held her head with one paw. \"What…Where am I? Who are you?\" She asked the elderly mouse standing over her. \"I'm a friend young lady, don't worry about me.\" Ages said, way to go Ages, be cryptic about it. Jonathan thought, her eyes weakly crept to the other being over her, a small smile made its way on her face. \"Jon.\" She managed weakly, Jonathan didn't feel tired anymore after hearing her voice, and he was more awake now than he had ever been. \"Hey sleeping beauty, welcome back to the realm of the living.\" He said softly, returning the smile. She studied the lines in his face, his eyes were ringed with exhaustion, his eyes were bloodshot with worry, and it looked like he hadn't been grooming; fur messy with tufts standing straight up. \"What happened to you?\" she asked. He blinked, taking a breath in, \"Let's just say, I've been better.\" He joked, she didn't find it funny. She tried to remember what happened before she slept; she remembered the human grabbing Jonathan and her, but he made her let go to save her. After he was dropped back in the cage she was grabbed next and stabbed with a thin metal tube, her skin began to crawl and she was dropped back in the cage with the others, then she passed out from the most excruciating pain she had ever felt. After that, everything else was blank, like something else happened, but she didn't know what. Ages interrupted her thoughts by clearing his throat loudly; she turned her gaze back to Ages, who also glared at her with worry. \"Do you remember anything from last night, young lady?\" \"Not really,\" she replied, \"I remember the human grabbing me, then I passed out.\" Her gaze went passed Ages, as she tried to remember more. \"Then that's it, and then I'm here with you guys.\" Jonathan and Ages glanced at each other; both were thinking it was probably best if she didn't know about her episode. She began to stare quizzically at them, then asked; \"What?\" \"Nothing.\" They both replied. She snapped a look at Jonathan, who shrugged. She smacked her lips \"I'm really thirsty.\" Jonathan sprang at the chance to help her, \"Here let me help you up.\" \"No I got it I think.\" She gingerly sat up, placed her feet on the ground in front of her and pushed off the ground with her hands, she rose quickly on unsteady legs, she stood for a moment before her legs buckled and she fell back onto Jonathan, who caught her before she fell on the ground. \"What's wrong with my legs?\" she asked, terrified. \"The injections they gave us messed up a lot of things,\" Jonathan replied, \"I had the same problem when I woke up, I couldn't stand for the life of me.\" \"It also doesn't help that you haven't eaten or drank anything for over a day.\" Ages added, running over to help Jonathan hold Grace upright. \"You have to learn to walk again, we'll help you.\" The two males took each side of Grace, her arms placed on their shoulders for support, and they slowly made their way towards the water dish. \"I've been asleep for over a day?\" She asked as they rested a moment. They had made it only 6 steps from where they started. \"Yep, you were out cold.\" Jonathan stated matter-of-factly. She stared straight ahead, deep in thought. She then gasped and stared at Jonathan with worry, \"Has the monster come back yet?\" \"No we haven't seen him all day, I think they're giving the tests some time to fully sink in.\" Ages stated; this seemed to calm her down slightly. \"Now if you don't mind, can we continue?\" he said impatiently, Grace frowned at Ages, but knew he was right, she wasn't going to learn how to walk again if they just stood around. She looked down at her feet, concentrating on lifting her right foot, and placing it ahead of the left one, Jonathan watched her face as she concentrated, her brow furrowed and her jaw clenched, determined to move her feet with grim determination. He started to giggle at her absurd expression, but quickly stifled it when she turned that look towards him. The three of them slowly but surely marched towards the water bowl, and when they finally reached it, Grace was panting like she ran a marathon; not a short walk. Jonathan and Ages let her down on her knees easy, and she lowered her head into the water dish. Ages leaned back and crossed his arms, Jon just watched Grace drink. \"So\" Ages finally speaking up, \"what is the plan for escaping this demented funhouse? I heard you were talking with a rat named 'Nicodemus', yes?\" Ages asked Jonathan. \"Well,\" he replied, scratching the back of his head looking for an answer. \"Not exactly; see he says we are escaping, but not when.\" This seemed to irritate Ages. \"So you know you're escaping but not now?\" \"No, Nicodemus said we need to wait for everyone to be ready, whatever that means.\" Jonathan said. \"Yes yes I'm aware of that, what I mean does he have a plan when we get out?\" emphasizing what his intentions were. \"Not that I can think of.\" Jonathan thought for a moment. \"Well the next time we see this, 'Nicodemus' let him know I want in on the escape plan.\" \"Sure thing Mr. Ages, I'm sure we'll need all the help we can get.\" Jonathan beaming with hope, now we can get the ball rolling. \"Good.\" He cleared his throat and turned to leave, but before he did he turned to Grace, placing a hand on her shoulder. \"Grace dear, are you going to be okay now?\" She sat up, and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and looked up at Ages, \"Sure, I think I'm alright now\" she said quietly. \"Good, I'll take me leave then.\" And with that Ages waddled off to work on the escape plan, leaving the two youths behind. Grace turned to Jonathan, a serious look in her eye; \"So if Ages is going to help come up with a plan to get us out of here, how soon do you think it will be ready?\" \"I don't know, but I'm betting with Ages and Nicodemus putting their collective heads together it won't be too long.\" Jonathan returning her gaze, she nodded satisfied with his answer. \"I don't know about you, but I kind of want to get off my knees.\" She said dryly; Jonathan was broadsided by the joke, and burst into a short, uncontrollable laugh. It was great her sense of humor had returned, and Jonathan had no idea she had a dry sense of humor at that; she didn't find the time to be funny. He wiped a single tear from his cheek and exhaled, \"Alright, let's get you up onto your feet.\" Jonathan helps Grace up off her knees onto her wobbly feet, she regained balance, but Jonathan stayed close, his arm around her waist with her arm draped over his shoulder for support. They slowly but surely walked around the container, helping Grace regain her ability to walk. After a few minutes and idle chatter with 2 laps around the container, Grace spoke. \"You know, I could walk fine the first time around.\" She stated. Jonathan got nervous nearly tripping as he realized he hadn't moved his paw from her side, \"Oh, sorry\" he stammered and started to remove it; she stopped him with her paw, and made him put it back, tighter around her as she got closer to him. \"But that's okay.\" She whispered. He felt his face go red, and despite his fur covering his body she must have noticed as she giggled. They walked in silence together, in their own perfect little world. Nicodemus had woken up with a start. That dream again. He rose from his sleep, rubbing his face with his paws; this dilemma is going to haunt me for an eternity. He was struggling with the visions bleak outlook onJonathan, his face now clear in the vision, and was trying every time to grab him, but failed at the last second, watching the tiny figure disappear into the darkness. He took in a deep breath as he stood, letting out a yawn and stretching. The cage he was in was almost home, what with the incredible cold floor, the reflective walls and the lack of good tasting food he had almost made it home. He took a shot of water from the bottle hanging from the cage door and stood by the window. Looking out he could see the lights were still turned off, the room dim with small sources of light coming from the red neon light above the door, casting an eerie red glow over the door. Nicodemus blinked, squinting at the sign, can I read that? He struggled to make out the first symbol from the left; it almost looked like a three-pronged pitchfork, missing its handle and turned on its side, the next symbol looked like two sticks crossed, the third was a simple straight line and the last one was the straight line again, except the top had a smaller cross sitting on top of it. E-X-I-T, what does that spell? Nicodemus wracked his brain, somehow he could make out the symbols-despite not knowing how- and was trying to give the symbols meaning. He tried for several minutes, eventually giving up after getting a severe headache. Disgruntled, he slid his hand outside the cage, and played with the metal mechanism that held the door shut. It was something of a mystery to him; the human would put him in the cage, and somehow move that into a position that prevented the door from opening, and allow the mechanism to lock itself. It was puzzling, he would try and move it into the position when the human was gone, but didn't know how it did it. He kept playing with it, lifting it slightly until it would stop, then let go of it again, letting it hit his door with a clang. I will figure out how to unlock you're secrets, you little metal cadaver, and when I do, you will not stop us. The giant door with the sign above it swung open, hitting the wall making an explosion of noise, startling everyone in the room. The human had returned, and like magic the lights flicked on and the human began to whistle. It was a different one, this one didn't wear glasses , and it was a female, short and slender with her black hair back in a ponytail. Nicodemus snickered; the human looked like it had a tail dangling from the back of its head, he joked. Thus began the ritual again. Nicodemus and the other rats were plucked from their cages and all given more shots, although these ones were not as harsh as the ones from two days ago; the feeling of nausea subsided quickly, and once the human finished injecting the rats, she picked up the little black box the male human was using and spoke into it. \" Rat test subjects are adjusting well to the initial dosages of G-2, only suffering 2 wash-outs, bringing the total number of survivors to 22.\" The words came to Nicodemus more easily, somehow their strange language started to make sense, he could pick out some of the words; Rats, adjusting, dosage, survivors. \" Continuing second phase of G-2, continuing to gather notes on mental progress of rats and monitoring for increases in wash-outs. Moving G-2 second phase to other test species.\" The female left the room, and came back with two half-full containers holding the other test subjects- Mice. She set the containers down, Nicodemus saw Jonathan and his small friend, accompanied by a new mouse, and older one with tan fur and gruffness to him, introduced himself as Jericho Ages. Jonathan filled in Nicodemus that 'Mr. Ages', as he liked to be called, had a plan put together for when they were ready to escape, Nicodemus listened intently, as Ages laid out his carefully well thought out plan to him, Justin had joined the conversation, putting forth his 'two cents', after their plan had been finished, Nicodemus and Ages shared a cool conversation, and settled on a consensus; they had a plan and they were ready, when the time came. The woman had returned, and the mice disappeared from the rats, attempting to hide themselves among the panicking crowd. Opening the top container, she began the procedure again. One after one the mice were injected then dropped back in their cages; she reached the bottom cage, and Nicodemus recognized one of the first out, it was Jonathan, thrashing in her hand, burning the female with the fire in his eyes. Next was the little light brown mouse that Jonathan had grown quite attached to; she didn't struggle near as much as Jonathan, terrified beyond belief as she too was dropped back into the cage. The female managed to stab every mouse, and picked up the little black box again, speaking in the icy tone that sent shivers down everyone in earshot. \" Mice subjects given second rounds of G-2; sadly they were affected more by the first phase, and 12 have been confirmed dead. This is a huge setback in the G-2 line, but we are moving forward with the tests, keeping hopeful more will survive the second barrage.\" She completed her task, she stacked the crates with the small unconscious bundles in them one on top of the other, and proceeded to put them in their respective places, returning afterwards to put the rats where they belonged. Nicodemus and the others were unceremoniously locked away, left with only their thoughts as the injections worked there twisted magic through their veins. The mice were drastically affected by it, most began to foam at the mouth and die within the first few hours, any after that lay motionless on the shavings covered floors, unmoving. After several hours most had come to; though there were still some that remained motionless. Jonathan and his friend were moving, along with Ages, as they shuffled about, regrouping their thoughts. A week had passed, and Justin, Nicodemus, Jonathan, Ages, and Grace had all changed dramatically. Justin's math skills had increased tenfold, being able to count to one-hundred. Nicodemus' vision began to take more shape, though Jonathan's fate seemed hopelessly sealed after their escape. He also discovered he could write, spelling the word that glowed over the door outside. Grace's condition began to deteriorate quickly, losing much of the movement in her legs, and the seizures got worse, making her sleep more and more, Mr. Ages and Jonathan were both completely helpless to her condition, Jonathan staying by her side; never leaving her as Ages began to go over his plan with a fine tooth comb, ironing out problems that began to arise as his intelligence level increased with each passing day. All their intelligence levels had increased exponentially; taking into consideration what their normal rat and mouse brethren would never need to face in their day-to-day lives. They also changed physically, whether by age or the injections, Justin grew about an inch and put on some muscle, though still lanky by some standards, his shoulder also healed completely in the short time. Nicodemus noticed a thin mustache and beard begin to show itself on his wrinkled snout. Jonathan seemed to also grow slightly, a tuft of fur had grown on the top of his head in a thick pile, but mostly got skinnier; mostly because he stopped eating the food they left for the rodents. Another week had passed. Two more rats perished that week, succumbing to the injections. It was more devastating for the mice; a container remained empty, the survivors were all placed in one, and even then the container was sparsely populated. The tests seemed to level off; no one noticed any more significant changes. The only change was in the air. Nicodemus could feel the time to act was soon, as did everyone else. Justin paced anxiously in his cage, the human language, alphabet, and math skill was almost second nature to them. How come though, had become clear; by listening in on the humans talking into the black box, now known as a voice recorder, they were testing a new and unexplored arm of science, called Gene therapy. Using the rodents as guinea pigs, they tested the unknown effects of a compound they had synthesized on their small bodies, instead of using human test subjects; because it was unethical. The more Nicodemus thought about it, the more appalled he became, testing on animals is just as unethical as testing on humans, we still feel pain just like any other living being on this planet, and you claim it is all in the name of science. Nicodemus scoffed, they would never learn what their 'experiments', had accomplished, he wouldn't allow it. They were escaping before they could unleash it upon they're world, the cost of lives it took to discover the secrets was too high. As Nicodemus pondered the escape; a gloved hand swung the door open, how unexpected, there aren't any scheduled injections this morning. He thought to himself, the hand grabbed him and pulled him out and took him to the now familiar room where all the sins of the humans had been occurring. But instead of being dropped in the cage, the creature held on to him; Nicodemus was utterly bewildered, a pang of anxiety shot through him; what are they planning? The human held the voice recorder in one hand, and spoke into it. \" The G-2 therapy has been completed, rat subjects showing the most improvement in higher cognitive thinking. Subject 1 has shown the most improvement out of the test group, arriving technically deceased and injected with B-204 strand. Heart rate returned with no signs of permanent brain damage. Survived G-2 therapy with highest improvement across all areas, Professor agrees subject 1 will be perfect for new experiment.\" Nicodemus' blood ran cold; another experiment? This can't be; he didn't try to escape as he knew it was futile, the grip of the human was far stronger than him, so he watched helplessly as the creature placed the voice recorder on the table and fetched a needle. The needle was twice the size of the other ones, containing within it an unearthly black substance that resembled tar. Heart racing, he watched wide eyed as the needle was lowered, and finally broke his skin. The pain was immense, the needle nearly boring a hole into his gut, ejecting the vile substance into his bloodstream. The air was sucked out of his lungs, struggling to breathe. The human returned Nicodemus to his cage to absorb the black that was consuming him. He curled into a ball, struggling to breathe still; feeling stars fill his vision as his mind separated itself from him. He spun uncontrollably, seeing with his eyes his very own cell structure fly past him. He must have been hallucinating; it was the only logical reason. The cells broke apart before him, breaking down into the DNA that was his very being, and they exploded into tiny atoms flying out in all directions, before forming stars in the blackness that was space. It was all so random and intoxicating, watching as his mind fractured the barrier between dream and reality, sanity and madness. It all seemed to make sense, every question in the galaxy anyone ever wanted to know, was letting itself enter the library called his mind, he knew how and when things would progress in the finite entity called life, he had an answer for every question, and knew how to unlock the next step in the evolutionary chain for his species. He found himself enlightened, in the weirdest way. He finally collapsed, his mind relenting the strange realm it held him in, his mind came crashing back to his being. He passed out from lack of oxygen. He woke several hours later, coming back into the realm with a gasp. The world had changed, he couldn't see anything, and he blinked hoping it was just dark, but light always comes through the window. It was pitch black, but then the world exploded. Colors overwhelmed Nicodemus, myriads of different colors flashed into view. He could see, but not the way he used to; he glanced down at his form, he could see his circulation system, flowing the life essence all beings needed to survive. His paws glow a deep yellow, pulsing brightly with each heartbeat. Rotating his paws he saw his individual fingers, glowing faintly; he could actually see his life energy flow around him. the cage he called home glowed a faint purple, the dull reflective surface now covered in small globules of purple, dotting the walls, moving in slow lazy circles, he moved his hand to the wall, the purple circles parted at his paw. How strange, Nicodemus was speechless. He couldn't even grasp what he was seeing, figuratively speaking. He glanced around the new space, he saw the window; the purple parting in the shape of the bars, with black filling in the area between. He noticed a faintly glowing object on the wall, the lock that held his door shut, pulsing a faint orange. He saw the sign that was on the front of the door to his cage, the words a crimson red, mirrored to his vision. He never could read it; the door was always open and faced away from him whenever they took him out, but now he could make out what it read, despite being reversed. TO OPEN LIFT HANDLE. He felt around the bars to his window, and grasps the faintly glowing mechanism, lifting it, and then pulled it. The lock released with a mechanical clank. The door swung open, creaking slightly on its hinges. It felt like a dream, Nicodemus couldn't believe it, like his body was running through the motions but it seemed like it just didn't sink in yet. Suddenly it hit him. We make our escape, tonight.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4: Escape . Justin kept pacing his cell, a habit he developed over the last couple of weeks, he was restless with anticipation, he was tired but he didn't dare sleep. He couldn't stand the food anymore, he wanted out in a bad way. There was a slight scratching noise outside his cell, breaking his concentration, he watched as the door to his cage slowly squeaked open, a dark brown figure edging its way into the cell. The figure looked familiar; hunched over with age, gingerly lowering itself onto the floor with a grunt. Justin rushed forward, bewildered. \"Nicodemus, what are you—\"he was cut off when the figure spun around. The piercing glowing gaze stopped Justin in his tracks. It was Nicodemus, but at the same time it wasn't, Justin let the figure approach, unconsciously stepping back with apprehension. \"Do not be afraid, young Justin.\" The figure rasped, holding out a hand in a friendly gesture. \"Who are you? You look like Nicodemus, but there's something…off about you.\" Justin fought the urge to run for the open door. \"Yes it is I, Nicodemus.\" The figure spoke. Justin relaxed, thank god. \"What happened to you?\" heart still pounding in his ears. \"I was selected for another experiment. Whatever they have put in me has changed me, for better or worse, I cannot say yet. But I must not allow them to test it on anyone else; the pain I have experienced should not be felt by any living being.\" Justin couldn't believe it, barely covering the excitement in his voice \"Are we escaping…Tonight?\" Nicodemus lowered his head, closing his eyes. \"Yes, my friend; Tonight.\" Raising it once more to meet Justin, a weak smile crept across his face. Justin couldn't contain the excitement anymore; he jumped at Nicodemus and picked him up, twirling him and laughing. \"Careful Justin, I'm, still, an, old, man!\" his stomach began to churn. \"Oh sorry\" Justin stopped and placed the elderly rat down. \"I'll let the others out.\" And with that Justin shot out of his cell. 10 minutes had passed, and Justin managed to unlock every rat cage, they're inhabitants stumbling out in a daze. Nicodemus had situated himself in the center of the room, waving his arms to beckon the bewildered prisoners to him, Justin took his place standing next to him; shortly a small brown furred crowd had formed around them, whispering in hushed tones at his otherworldly appearance. \"My fellow rats\" his voice boomed, stunning some who were not facing him. \"Tonight we will escape this terrible place; we all must work together if we are to survive. I understand if you have heard whispers of an escape, and I can assure you that the whispers are true. The humans that have done these tortures have unlocked something deep within us, we can read, understand, and write, in their language. We will not let them have our gifts for their selfish gains. Who will join me?\" The crowd applauded, and agreed. Justin spoke up after Nicodemus; \"I need some volunteers to help me free the mice, which's up for it?\" a behemoth of a rat stepped forward from the crowd, easily a head taller than Justin, and looked down at him. Justin physically swallowed, \"I don't suppose your name is Tiny.\" He chuckled dryly. \"Brutus.\" Was all he grumbled. Justin nodded in agreement, \"Fitting, alright, come with me big guy.\" Brutus nodded, and followed after Justin and Nicodemus to the mouse encampment. Justin reached the container first, literally slamming into the clear plastic wall. The inhabitants jumped at the noise generated, coming to the rat with looks of disdain and bewilderment. \"You guys ready to bust out?\" the small beings looked around confused, not sure what he meant, \"We're getting you out of there, hold on two seconds. Brutus! Help me out.\" Justin motioned to the big rat, he stepped up to the cage, and lifted the lid with a grunt, just enough for the mice to slip through. \"Thanks Brutus.\" Brutus remained silent. The mice wasted no time, jumping the wall through the small gap; Justin counted them as they went by. 1…2...3…4. Keeping an eye out for a familiar face, he only saw the mouse named Ages, 6…7…8…9…10. That's all of them, only 10? Where's Jonathan? He looked in the cage, looking for a straggler. He noticed a small grey patch of fur near the back of the cage, it was Jonathan. \"Brutus, can you get that lid off alright?\" Brutus grunted, and with a heave of his shoulders, he ripped the lid off, the lid clattered to the floor. Brutus clapped his hands together, signifying a job-well-done. Justin jumped into the container and jogged toward the bundle, Brutus was helping Nicodemus-who insisted his help- get into the container. Justin ran ahead, reaching Jonathan first, Nicodemus followed shortly behind, at a slower pace. Nicodemus felt his stomach sink as they approached the small being, something is very wrong . Nicodemus reached Justin and Jonathan in time to hear Justin, out of breath, spitting out words between gasps of air. \"Jonathan…Wha-what are you…doing…it's time to go!\" Justin's face was bright, full of life. \"I know,\" Jonathan sad flatly, his eyes fixed straight ahead. \"Then what's the problem, let's get up and go!\" But Nicodemus watched Jonathan's face, he saw his circulatory system, his heart beating strong, but something was wrong with his glow; Justin's shown a bright cyan color, full of life. But the glow within Jonathan was dull blue, barely an outline on his small frame. Like a part of his soul was missing. Nicodemus looked around the cage, looking for Grace; his stomach sank lower, realizing what was wrong. \"Jonathan,\" Nicodemus asked gravely, \"Where is young Grace?\" Jonathan didn't move his gaze, his voice barely a whisper as the words passed from his lips, into the air. \"She's gone.\" The words floated in the air, permeating every soul that was still in the place. It almost seemed like the small crowd grouping outside had heard Jonathan's whisper, an overwhelming silence blanketed the area, unnatural, unwanted. Nicodemus felt his heart grow heavy, seeing his young friend suffer so much sadness, he bowed his head and closed his eyes, \"Oh, Jonathan, my heart goes out to her, may she finally be free of any and all suffering; May she rest in peace.\" Jonathan didn't react to his prayer, he stared blankly ahead, eyes empty, the fire put out; his soul torn out. The tears welled in Nicodemus' eyes. Maybe they waited too long. No, he wouldn't- couldn't- burden himself with what could have been, there was only the now; now the rest needed to escape. \"Jonathan, we are in grave danger, we must leave this place now.\" Nicodemus had moved next to Jonathan, resting his aged paw on the youngsters shoulder, reminding him of the gravity of the situation. Jonathan still didn't react, he spoke without emotion, a drone ; \"I can't leave, I promised Grace we would both leave, and now she's gone; I would be breaking the promise if only I left.\" His empty eyes finally broke they're unrelenting stare into nothing; he looked up a Nicodemus, the color gone from his brown eyes; replaced with white, cold and empty. Justin, struck silent by Jonathan, finally found the words to speak; \"But…but you can't just give up , we need your help!\" Justin stumbling forward, he looked at the mouse with pure disdain. \"I can, and I have.\" He replied flatly. \"What's the point of me escaping, I've lost her. I have nothing waiting for me outside this place, at least when I die here, I will have something waiting for me.\" Justin stumbled with the words, he was speechless. Nicodemus knew no matter what, the amount of words or heartfelt apologies he was told; it would never bring her back or change his mind. His mind was set, he wanted to die here, and nothing was going to change that; Except for one being, who happened to be within earshot of the whole conversation. \"You…\" a small, tan, portly mouse waddled toward him with furious fervor, waving a finger like it would spout fire. He jumped back into the cage without Brutus' help; he marched passed Justin, and ignored Nicodemus, grabbed Jonathan by the scruff of his neck and picked him up, back pressed hard against the cage wall, Jonathan showed no emotion as he was being lifted onto his toes and slammed hard against the cage. Jericho Ages had something to say that might change his mind. \"You Jonathan are a little, selfish, inconsiderate, bastard!\" He fumed, shaking Jonathan with all his strength; Justin and Nicodemus were shocked beyond belief, too stunned to stop Ages. \"You are just going to wait here until you shrivel up and die? What good is that going to do anybody? Especially GRACE!\" He brought his face mere centimeters from Jon's; teeth bared, the little mouse slammed Jonathan's head against the wall, Jonathan however, was unfazed, staring with mild bewilderment at the burning hot fire that was Jericho's stare. \"Grace is dead, Ages, I have no reason—\"Mr. Ages released his right hand from Jon's neck, palm open, and brought it quickly across Jon's face, the force of the slap cracked against his cheek with the sound of a whip; his head snapping to the side. Justin had seen enough and wanted to intervene; but Nicodemus raised his arm in front of Justin, stopping him short. Maybe this is the only way you can reach him, Justin. Jonathan's cheek quickly turned red, contrasting his light gray fur on his face. He turned his head slowly, eyes wide from shock. Ages returned to shacking Jonathan, both hands on his neck again. \"Would Grace want you to throw away your life because of a promise?\" Ages spoke in a near growl, slowly and deliberately putting as much emphasize as he could into every word. Jonathan opened his mouth, hesitant, the words escaping him, he exhaled. \"No…\" Jon whispered, gaze dropped to the floor, his shoulders slouched, defeated. \"If you stay here and rot, you would be betraying her memory all because you gave up.\" Jonathan continued to stare at the ground, embarrassed of his selfish action to die. \"And another thing, Jonathan Brisby; she isn't dead.\" He began jabbing Jon's chest with a bony finger. \"A part of her still lives on; in you.\" The young mouse's heart skipped a beat, like a light being turned on, the color slowly regained in his eyes, now fully open, as he raised his head to meet Ages gaze, mouth agape. \"And another thing,\" Ages gravelly voice wavering, jaw clenched, a tear escaping his hard stare, \"If you stay here, you will be breaking your promise to her by staying here.\" Nicodemus watched, Justin was shifting uneasy on his feet, listening intently, Jonathan seemed to be overwhelmed by what Ages had said, and his eyes darted from Ages left and right eyes, mouth quivering. Nicodemus saw the little mouse's blue hue slowly return. Mr. Ages slowly lowered Jonathan back down onto his feet, and took a step back. Jonathan collapsed onto his knees, burying his face in his hands. Ages exhaled and spun around and started marching away quickly, stopping just in front of Nicodemus, and in a voice as solid as stone said \"I'm ready to go over the plan, whenever you're done here.\" And with that, he left the group behind. Nicodemus approached Jonathan, his blue hue even brighter now, and kneeled down in front of him. \"Are you ready to go, Jonathan?\" He sighed, wiping his face and raising his head to look Nicodemus in the eye. \" We're ready to get out of this hell-hole.\" The fire that was extinguished returned, blazing ten times stronger than before. Everyone was watching Ages. The crowd of mice and rats had formed a semi-circle around a huge scribbling on the floor; Ages had drawn out the escape route, using food pellets, with great detail, down to who was positioned where, and when. He was incredibly enthusiastic about his giant blueprint, explaining with great energy how everything was going to come together. Most of the crowd had followed him up to a point, but most realized he was just adding more detail to the drawings, repeating himself in greater detail as well. Nicodemus was patient with Ages, letting him continue and ad-lib on the fly as he rambled on, raising his hand meekly and asking questions when the need raised itself. Justin however couldn't stand his ravings and cut him short. \"This is all fun and great Ages, but we need to be out of here before the humans come back.\" He glanced at the clock on the wall; it showed 4:47 A.M. damn that gives us only three and a half hours roughly. He pondered the thought of being able to read the clock with such ease, when barely two weeks ago he didn't even knew it existed. He pushed the ironic thought from his mind. \"Time is of the essence now.\" Justin reminded Ages. Ages shot Justin a look. \"Fine, seeing how everyone thinks they're on the right page…\" Injecting the words with ample amounts of sarcasm towards Justin, \"We will enter through the air duct here. Then from there we will take the scavenged rope and climb up-\"A rat in the crowd shouted out, \"Why are we climbing up? Why not down?\" Ages didn't miss a beat. \"Because the air is sucked in from the outside from an air duct on the roof, if we were to climb down we would find ourselves climbing into the furnace in the cellar.\" \"But how do you know there is a furnace at the bottom?\" The crowd responded. \"Because at night there is a warm breeze that blows through the vents, and during the day it's a cold breeze; now, any more glaring questions?\" The rats fell silent. Ages cleared his throat and scratched his head, \"Where was I, oh yes; we will take the scavenged rope and climb up to the roof access.\" He jogged to the top of his sketch and pointed out the hand drawn roof vent, \"after we pry the cover off we can follow the water drainage pipe down to the ground and beat- foot to greener pastures.\" He ran the length of the scribbled pipe to a depiction of a pasture Ages had drawn. Nicodemus had dozed off, his head resting on his paw, which was being held up by his other arm underneath his elbow, looking like he was in deep thought. Justin nudged him slightly, and he woke up with a start, \"It's a great plan.\" Nicodemus blurted, completely oblivious. \"My thoughts exactly.\" Added Ages; twirling the improvised pencil in his hand. Justin stepped into the drawing; paw on his hip, the other cupping his chin as he glazed over the intricate scribbling, deep in thought. \"So Mr. Ages, where are we going to get the rope?\" he asked. \"We'll have to find some obviously.\" Ages stating matter-of-factly, pushing Justin off his plans and redrawing the lines Justin's feet smudged. \"Alright I guess I'll assemble a search team; I need volunteers. Three should be enough.\" Brutus stepped forward out of the crowd, along with Jonathan, and a rat Justin hadn't met yet. \"Who are you?\" he asked the newcomer. \"J-Jenner.\" The dark brown, nearly black creature replied nervously. \"Good to have you on the team Jenner, let's get started.\" Justin reassured. The rope gathering started without a hitch, they split up, each going in a different direction. Jonathan remained quiet as the squad moved cautiously room to room, gathering whatever could pass as rope. Justin kept one eye on the clock as they searched, making sure not to spend too much time in one area. Nicodemus got the sinking feeling in his stomach again. He was thinking of the vision that had haunted his dream for the past two and a half weeks; the mice, sucked down the air shaft, screaming as they plunged to their dooms. And Jonathan, with all the hardships he has been through, joins them because Nicodemus couldn't reach him in time. I must find a way to stop this from happening. He started to think of the different ways he could change fate's hand for Jonathan, but whatever theory he came up with, it always ended the same; He just couldn't reach him. Nicodemus started contemplating telling Jonathan that he knew he was going to die in the vents with the others. He wrestled with the consequences of not telling him or telling him, for what felt like a small eternity. After an hour, they gathered the rope and secured them in two rolls, returning to the restless crowd waiting by the ventilation duct. \"We've encountered a unique problem.\" \"What's that Ages?\" Justin asked, reaching the group with a bundle of wire over his shoulder. \"This vent is sealed shut; we can't open it from this side.\" \"So how do we open it then?\" Justin asks. Just then Ages meekly pointed to the shadow that blanketed Justin, he spun around, seeing Brutus towering over him. That's it, brute strength . \"Wanna take a crack at it big guy?\" Justin said, motioning towards the vent cover. Brutus grunted, and cracked his knuckles as he trundled towards the blocked airway, the crowd stepping aside quickly as he approached, low murmurs wavering through the crowd. Brutus widened his stance and grabbed one of the slim bars on the cover, and gave it a light tug. The metal cover creaked, but remained steadfast. Brutus tried with a little more strength, letting out a low grunt, the metal groaned under the pressure, but held. Anxiety began to collect in the crowd; Justin came next to Brutus, who turned his head to look at the smaller rat. \"Don't worry about the crowd Brutus, I know you got this.\" He patted Brutus on the arm reassuringly. Brutus turned his gaze back at the metal cover and pushed Justin back with one paw, and he took a small step back; he exhaled, flicking his wrists and rolling his shoulders, limbering up. He flexed his fingers, stepped forward once again, challenged the steel blockade, and grasped the metal bars, and pulled with all his might. Justin turned to the crowd for support; he started to clap slowly, in a – one-two pattern, chanting \" Bru-tus, Bru-tus, Bru-tus. Come one guys, help him out!\" The crowd reacted; mice and rat began to clap along with Justin, first it was only a couple, then a few more, then the whole crowd was clapping in unison cheering Brutus on. Even Nicodemus and Ages chimed in. the air was filled with electricity as everyone chanted; Bru-tus, Bru-tus, Bru-tus! Brutus was pulling with everything he got, his arms quivering from the strain, teeth clenched together so tightly they could break, his eyes near slits as he focused everything on creating a doorway for escape. The metal groaned, the metal bars in his hands began to bend, and hairline fractures began slicing through the wall along the edge of the vent cover. The chant of the crowd continued to get louder, and the speed of the claps sped up with the volume, all Brutus could hear was the blood rushing into his head along with massive doses of adrenaline with each chant of his name. He placed his foot against the wall for more leverage, and pulled and pushed with his leg with everything he had, muscles screaming for him to stop, but the sheer rush blocked out any pain he felt. Chunks of plaster wall flaked off the corners of the cover; Now or never Brutus. He let out a primal roar as he dumped the last of his stamina into one last pull. The cover groaned a final time, finally relenting two of its holds on the wall; a great Crack echoed through the near empty room, reverberating through the walls, down the vent, and through the now wildly cheering crowd. An explosion of plaster flew off the wall in a white dusty haze at the break, obscuring the hole and Brutus. The crowd charged forward, still cheering, toward the settling cloud. Justin rushed to where Brutus stood, now laying on his back, covered with a thin white layer of plaster, a look of confusion over his face as he sat up and started coughing. \"Are you alright Brutus?\" Justin ran to his side and stopped in front of him offering a hand up. Brutus held up a shaky paw clenched in a fist, with his thumb protruding upwards; a thumbs up. Justin laughed, and helped Brutus up onto his shaky foundation. Justin fetched his bundle of rope and joined the group, filing into the opening. Nicodemus continued to battle his conscience; should he remain silent, hoping fate changes its mind within the shaft, or tells Jonathan he was going to die anyway despite fighting to live on for Grace? He struggled with the decision until a voice interrupted him. \"Nic, you alright, you're kind of blocking the path.\" Nicodemus didn't realize he was standing in the escape route, a line forming behind him waiting patiently for the elderly rat to step aside. \"Oh, pardon me just an old rat deep in thought.\" He stepped aside, the line of rats and mice continued into the air shaft. The voice from earlier approached Nicodemus; Jonathan, who finally spoke after remaining silent since the cage, looked at Nicodemus and could tell; something was troubling him. \"What's eating at you Nic?\" He was so young, full of life and had many more chances of enjoying life and finding true love despite a part of him dying here, but fate had a different path for him. It made Nicodemus' heart heavy how unfair it was. Nicodemus made the grave decision tormenting him. \"Jonathan, something is troubling me; it's about you…\" He struggled to find the words, it was a lot harder to tell someone they were going to die than he had expected. No one can be prepared to tell someone news this bleak. Jonathan crossed his arms and began to stare quizzically, shifting his weight from one foot to the other, ears twitching. \"Jon, Nicodemus, come take a look at this!\" Jonathan looked down the hall towards Justin, who was waving his arms for the pair to follow him. Jonathan began to move towards Justin, but Nicodemus stopped him with a firm paw; this was important , I need to tell him now before I lose the willpower. \"Jonathan, this is about your life…I know…\" the words were lost to him again, this was getting frustrating and he could see Jonathan getting impatient. He gave up; he just couldn't do it, he couldn't bring himself to tell him, he released a sharp sigh and patted Jonathan's shoulder; \"I know it's hard right now, but it will get easier as time goes on. Time will heal all wounds.\" Nicodemus felt the words ring hollow in his ears and it sounded awkward and forced; it wasn't what he wanted to address, he had pushed the loss into the corner of his mind and he was re-opening the wound, he feared Jonathan could read his expression. Jonathan looked at him like he was speaking another language, but slowly nodded as he understood, \"Thanks Nicodemus.\" His paw fell from Jonathan's shoulder, and Jonathan darted towards Justin. Nicodemus sighed again; perhaps fate has changed its mind he hoped as he followed shortly behind. They reached the crowd gathering near the edge of a drop-off, Ages standing on the edge looking down. A warm breeze flowed around them. Justin stepped to the edge, peering down into the darkness, and let out a low whistle, \"That's a long way down.\" \"I'm more worried about going up.\" Ages said, pointing up. Justin craned his neck trying to look up without falling. The top of the shaft was equally dark, however at the top was a small dot of light, fading in and out in intervals, that must be the fan that sucks the air in. and beyond that; the outside world. Just before the top was a very dim reflection of light reflecting off the opposite wall, and that must be the vent we need to reach to get out of. The problem was it was straight above them, maybe ten or so feet up, and ledges where the vent connected with itself were about a foot apart, and that was going to make it difficult to climb, and on top they had to time the fan in between gusts of wind. \"It seems like the heat is still on so we won't see the air coming on quite yet, which will give us the window we need.\" Ages said. \"So who volunteers to tie the ropes? It would be preferable if it were a rat, there obviously bigger than—\" A mouse, carrying both bundles of rope tied tightly around his frame, shot out of the crowd in a dead sprint, past Ages and Justin, and jumped. Justin barely caught the gray blur shoot past him; it was Jonathan. Jonathan didn't spend a lot of time thinking about it, everyone was taking too long; he wanted to get out now. Everyone was too busy listening to Ages ramble on, so Jonathan slipped away from the crowd, tied both bundles around him as tightly as possible and sprinted full speed back into the fray. Time seemed to slow as his adrenal glands kicked into maximum overdrive, flying passed Justin and the preaching Ages, timed his jump as his foot touched the edge, and launched himself into the dark airshaft. Grace, if you can hear me, I could use some serious help right now. He held his arms out locking his elbows, fingers extended looking for purchase on the ledge as the wall came on a fast approach. He slammed into the wall stomach first, the hit had disorientated him, his fingers sliding off the lip in front of him; his heart stopped, oh no. the force was so great he bounced off the wall, his body creating a reverberating whump as he flung his hands out again, claws scraping at the smooth metal surface as he plummeted down into the dark. His hands felt a lip and he gripped hard; not letting this one slip. He came to a sudden stop, his shoulders nearly ripped out of their sockets from the force. He hadn't realized he had his eyes slammed shut, and when he opened them he found himself about a foot down into the darkness, terrified screams and concern shouts resonating down the shaft. \"Jonathan! Jonathan! Are you holding on?!\" Justin shouted. Jonathan could hear Nicodemus and Ages, along with a couple others he didn't recognize, calling his name. \"Yeah, I'm still here.\" He croaked. He heard the collective relief sighs of everyone above him. He heard Justin begin to nervously chuckle, \"Man you are a crazy son-of-a-gun and know that? What on earth were you thinking?\" \"To be honest; I don't know.\" \"Well get up here so we can send someone who is thinking.\" Ages shouted down. Jonathan found that stung a bit, more than his aching gut. \"No, I can do this.\" He managed to raise a shaky foot onto the lip he was holding on to, scrunching up his body like a spring, and pushed down with his foot; he was surprised how far he shot up, reaching the next lip with no problem. Then the next one he almost missed, but used both hands and dug in with his claws, he repeated this process until he reached the starting point where everyone was standing, Ages looked irritated and Justin looked surprised. Nicodemus on the other hand seemed to be miles away, staring at Jonathan as he made his way up the shaft; Jonathan's fate still on his mind. About thirty minutes had passed, and Jonathan was starting to get incredibly fatigued; the amount of stamina it required to jump so high, while also the fear of falling both on the same hand, had sapped Jonathan's adrenaline reserves. He was half way up, arms shaking and his hands turning white under his fur from the tight grip he had on the ledge, he was panting, sweat weighed his fur down, making the strain on his hands that much more unbearable. Come on Jon, dig deep, you've got people counting on you now. He could see the reflection of the air vent with sunlight poking between the sectioned cover exactly five feet above him, because that's how many sections of shaft were left to hop; and it looked daunting. He resorted to using both feet now; since he discovered he was left handed he was also left foot dominant, and his left foot was sore, and the right one he didn't believe to have enough strength to get him close enough to the lip to make a grab, so he resorted to using both. Looking like a frog primed to jump; he glanced up at the lip above him, took a breath in, and released his paws from the lip he was standing on for an instant before pushing with both legs hard upwards. The rush of wind helped cool him down for a moment, then he had to grab the ledge, paws only granted a moment of respite before digging into the sharp edge. One down, four to go. Both legs were on fire from the excursion, demanding rest, no he told them , the humans will be back soon, we can't stop now. He pushed on using this method for two more sections. Two more to go; he waited too long on a section without holding on with his paws before jumping, and found himself off balance as he slowly tilted backwards. He fumbled, trying to grab the bottom of the ledge to stop the momentum, but it was too late as he fell backwards. His heart shot into his throat as his legs gave out underneath him, he had to let his feet fall or he wouldn't be able to hold the ledge without breaking his back, he reached down to grab the ledge; just then a hot pain shot into his right paw as the weight of his body falling downwards, pulled his hand down on the sharp ledge. He yelped at the pain, holding tight with his left paw as the right one reeled away with reflex; there was a deep gash in the middle of the paw, profusely bleeding. He grit his teeth, darn, that's all I need right now. He clenched his fist, and soldiered on. One more section to go; and it only took another ten minutes. His paw hadn't stopped bleeding, half of his grey-white arm now a sickly crimson as his fur absorbed the blood, but he ignored it, pain is good, it reminds me I'm still alive. He reached the final ledge, groaning at the pain of his paw catching the lip perfectly over the cut, glancing behind; he could see the flat landing pad where he could tie the rope off to the vent cover, and beyond that the sun had began to rise through the cracks. The final jump was easy, all he had to do was push straight off behind him to reach the landing; doing it however, was another story. His legs had gone numb, but he knew they were still connected and listened to his inputs, albeit barely. Jonathan scrunched up a final time, and pushed, grabbing the smooth edge and dragged himself up, laying on his back, panting, staring at the ceiling. I did it, he exclaimed; all his body wanted to do now was rest, to get a break, but it wasn't quite time, willing himself up he walked towards the cover; the cool breeze blowing in caused him to shiver from the wet fur covering him. Jonathan untied the bundles secured around him and double knotted them to the cover, giving them a quick yank testing they wouldn't slip, one for the rats and the other for the mice; so one rope wouldn't snap under the weight of twenty rats and eleven mice, and proceeded to slid down one of the ropes to the waiting prisoners. Nicodemus was relieved to see two slim red ropes drop down in front of the ledge, and a small grey figure slide down, holding a bloody hand, the crowd erupted into applause as he settled down onto the surface, sharing 'job well done' and pats on the back, even Mr. Ages was relieved to see Jonathan come back in one piece. \"Let's get that hand bandaged up before infection sets in.\" hurriedly reaching Jonathan and pulling him from the crowd to address the wound. \"All right everyone; we've got a little over an hour before the scientists come in, let's leave them empty cages as our parting gift.\" Justin rallied everyone. Quickly forming lines; one side mice, the other rats, and they proceeded to step over the threshold, and began their ascent to freedom. Nicodemus lingered behind, waiting for Mr. Ages and Jonathan, who were bickering about the thickness of the bandage. \"Come on Ages, don't put so much gauze on, I won't be able to grip with this entire bandage on my paw.\" \"Be lucky you still have use of it; any deeper and it would have sliced the tendon. I just want to make sure it's covered.\" Ages retorted. Jonathan huffed as Ages wrapped it once more, tying the bandage in a knot on top of his hand, leaving the fingers exposed. \"There, that should be enough.\" Ages whispered. Jonathan flexed the fingers, getting the full mobility out of the wrap. He didn't notice Nicodemus approach out of his peripheral, and jumped slightly when his aged paw landed on his shoulder, Nicodemus' face had a grim expression, \"Jonathan, are you sure you can muster the strength to climb again?\" \"I don't have much of a choice Nic, I'll be fine.\" Jonathan nodded. \"I understand, but I must insist you stay close to me; I fear fate has a plan for you.\" He almost let slip that he knew he was going to plummet to his death, and bit his tongue before he said anymore. \"I got it, Nic.\" Jonathan said, studying the elder rats face; there was still something troubling him and Jonathan saw it in the lines on his face, he would be a terrible poker player. \"Don't worry about the boy Nicodemus; he can bounce back from any injuries better than us. Juvenile delinquents\" Ages snorted. Nicodemus shot Ages a look, but he didn't notice as he was standing by the rope watching everyone climb higher, tugging the rope before stepping over the edge and beginning to climb. Some injuries are more permanent grimaced Nicodemus as him and Jonathan followed in Ages' lead. The mice and rats ahead of them had slowed considerably; the sheer strength it took to climb ten feet was straining everybody; including Brutus, who hadn't fully recovered from pulling the first airshaft cover off. Nicodemus, Jonathan and Ages had caught up to the group. Nicodemus dreaded the vision he had been battling, the pieces of the puzzle falling eerily into place, Jonathan next to him, that look of optimism and youth. Justin was near the front of the group willing them on with promises of fresh air and freedom. It seemed to work as everybody started to move quicker, until an unknown rat shouted. \"Hey, does anyone feel that?\" Everyone stopped, holding their breath. Ages looked around wildly, trying to see what he was looking for; he found it. \"Oh Sweet Mother of Mary, I don't feel anything.\" The color drained from his face. \"The heat has turned off.\" Justin barely heard Ages, but what he did hear was time was running short, his heart jumped into his throat as he yelled, \" Everyone double time it, now!\" the air started to quickly become stale and thick inside the air duct, they only had a few minutes before the circulation system turned on, and they were just over halfway to the top. The light above faded out and everyone looked up as they scrambled, the light returned, the fan started to oscillate. A cool breeze started shortly after, panic strangling everyone in the shaft as they continued to scramble to the top, \"Almost there everybody!\" someone shouted. The shaft filled with incredible noise, like a swarm of bees, and a strong constant gust of wind battered the escapees. The rope swaying with the wind as the heavier rats held on tightly, the lighter mice's rope was bucking wildly, the occupants screaming in terror as they were stuck on the ride. Mice began to lose their grip as one by one the group was slammed against the hard wall, screaming past Jonathan, Ages and Nicodemus before being swallowed into the abyss below. Nicodemus knew what was going to happen next; his vision playing out like a sick movie reel, \"Jonathan, release the rope and grab the ledge! You too Mr. Ages!\" he hollered over the howling wind, the two mice nodded furiously, and grabbed the ledge. Just then the rope the mice were holding on to snapped, and the final occupants still holding on fell, still clutching the rope as they tumbled into the dark. Jonathan had his head tucked into his chest and his eyes squeezed shut as his brethren screamed passed him, being heard over the already shrieking wind. \"Jonathan, Ages, reach for the rats rope!\" Nicodemus gathered the excess rope below him and tossed it towards the pair; Ages managed to snag it with his foot, scrambling to grab it with a free hand before the wind took it off his foot. Ages handed the end to Jonathan, grabbing with one hand while the other tightly gripped the ledge; the bandaged paw now turning the pristine white cotton pink. Ages let go of the ledge and swung onto the rope, Jonathan wasn't prepared as he was carried with Ages, swinging below him violently. Oh no, oh dear God no! Nicodemus' mind screamed, as Jonathan's bandaged hand slipped from the rope as he was violently thrown about from the wind. The world slowed, Nicodemus reached for Jonathan with one arm, the fearful youth glanced at Nicodemus with large, terrified brown eyes, realizing there was nothing he could do as his last grip failed him, and he screamed as he looked into Nicodemus glowing eyes one last time. No! I refuse to lose Jonathan Brisby in this way! I will not allow it! Time seemed to slow even more, barely a crawl; all noise from the fan and Jonathan's scream became mute; the only noise Nicodemus heard was his own breathing, calm and smooth. Nicodemus's outstretched arm began to distort, the air around it swirled and shot into the darkness after Jonathan, Nicodemus wasn't thinking, he was doing. He couldn't explain it, but he knew he could retrieve Jonathan. Suddenly a slowly spinning, sprawled mouse rose out of the pitch black, a look of bewilderment on his face as his eyes darted about; absolutely confused, until they fell upon Nicodemus. His gaze showing him in full concentration, eyes shut and arm raised, the air quivering around his open palm as he was raised Jonathan above him and moved him within arm's reach of the rope, Jonathan could all of a sudden hear Nicodemus speak, as if in his head, in a calm and reassuring tone. \"Grab the rope, young Brisby; I have no control as to how long this will last.\" Jonathan complied, absolutely disconnected from reality, staring at the rope dangling in front of him, am I dreaming? He thought as he held the rope tightly in both paws, as the air around him quivered and dissipated. It was an awkward climb as the air died down and everyone reached the top safely; two mice, and twenty rats. Jonathan collapsed onto the cold floor as Nicodemus tried to catch his breath next to him. \"So Nic, when were you supposed to tell me you could control air?\" \"When I tried to tell you about your death,\" He said. \"I've been struggling to tell you; I've been seeing visions since our inception here, several about the fates of everyone I know, and in it showed you plummeting to your death in that air vent. I know now it was me all along that would interrupt your cruel fate, and now you survive.\" \"So, that's what you've wanted to tell me?\" Jonathan asked. \"Yes, please forgive me for not telling you sooner.\" Nicodemus pleaded. \"To be honest with you Nic, if you would've told me, I wouldn't have gone anywhere near the vent. I would've wallowed in the cage for the rest of my life.\" Jonathan said. \"So yes, I forgive you!\" \"Thank you, Jonathan.\" Nicodemus sighed. Both beings were exhausted by the ordeal, their bodies begging for respite, but resisted as there were just two more things left before escape; getting the second vent cover off, and then rappelling down the building's water drain. \"Well this is a surprise.\" Ages was standing by the massive gate, scratching his head trying to solve the final obstacle impeding the rats. \"Brutus, would you mind…\" Ages turned and asked the large rat; he sternly shook his head. Jonathan took the initiative again and squirmed his way out onto the other side of the cover as everyone looked on. The sun started to rise, the air was thick outside, a light breeze wafting it around Jonathan's sweat soaked fur; it made him shiver, but the air felt so good. He breathed in deep and closed his eyes enjoying the simple pleasure, a moment of bliss. He climbed to the top of the air vent, on top were two screws holding the cover in place on both corners, thankfully they stuck up ever so slightly so he could slide his fingers underneath and get good leverage. He heaved his right shoulder, clenching his teeth at the sheer force it took to move the screw, his muscles ached as the screw relented with an ear piercing squeak, one down, one to go. Heart pumping, he moved to the next with renewed vigor. He pried his fingers underneath it and turned his body into it, a loud metallic crack caught Jonathan off balance as he fell forward, holding the top of the screw in his paws. Dammit you have got to be kidding me. He fumed, throwing the rusty screw head aside. He kicked with frustration at the cover's bracket that held the cover under the screw; suddenly the bracket popped up over the jagged broken screw, and the cover slowly toppled onto its side with a loud clatter. The rats cheered, and Jonathan wiped his forehead, \"Well, that was easy…\" He hoped down and followed the crowd to the drainage pipe. They untied the unbroken rope that held the rats in the shaft and secured it to the building, throwing the other end down the pipe. And they escaped onto the concrete below, hugging a brick wall that ran adjacent to their old prison, staying out of the streetlight as they scurried across the facilities parking lot. Jonathan was behind the line of rats, now the thoughts of the escape behind him, other, unpleasant, thoughts slipped into his mind; why did I survive, and Grace die? What was the purpose of those tormenting tests? What will I do now? I can't go back to living like a normal mouse, I've changed too much. Jonathan shook his head; he couldn't resist the urge to glance back at the facility, hoping it would at least give him some answers. \"Wait everybody.\" He weakly shouted. The crowd came to a stop; as if they knew what needed to be done next they turned, without a word, and looked back at the unassuming structure, somber glances throughout all they're faces. The building was dominated by cracked black tarmac all around it; a parking lot dotted with streetlamps, most burned out. The building itself was a medium sized brick structure, the face painted a cream yellow, with one large neon sign lit up above two massive double doors that spelt; The National Institute for Mental Health. Justin approached Jonathan, standing by his side as the acronym for the place passed from his lips in a cold whisper. \"N.I.M.H.\" Jonathan felt hatred and anger flood his thoughts; his fists clenched so tight they shook, eyes seething at the run-down building; I would love to watch this place burn. it was the least he would do to this place. He didn't want any more pain and suffering brought to others the way he had felt them here, he wanted to burn the place for Grace, for the pain they caused her and the others, for turning them all into a one-off experiment, but most of all; it was for Grace. His eyes filled with sorrow as his thoughts turned to her; helpless in the last weeks, unable to move as they relentlessly injected her and Jonathan, until she succumbed, and he lived. He couldn't stand looking at it anymore; he turned away and started to walk away. Nicodemus stood in front of Jonathan, looking deep into his soul with his large glowing eyes. He stopped Jonathan with a gentle hand, and offered; \"Jonathan, if you have nowhere to turn, you are more than welcome to follow us.\" Jonathan didn't answer, he just nodded his head. He and Ages were the only survivors of the experiments conducted on the mice; it wasn't certain if the normal population would accept them back or shun them, Jonathan had nobody left to return to, Ages didn't give any hint he had family waiting for his return. So they took the next logical step, follow the rats as they search for a place they can call home.[Chapter 6] Writer's Note: The next chapter is a sort of 'Fast Forward' if you will. A quick look-back through Nicodemus' journal as the escapee's adjust to life outside a cage with NIMH hot on their trails. Chapter 5: Life. It has been several months since our escape from the clutches of NIMH; I have taken the initiative to write in a journal to tell our tale as we grow as a society, and to comfort myself on the cold winter nights. I chuckle at the fact that just 3 years ago, I didn't have any inclination I would learn to write. And yet here I am, writing a story that has yet shown no ending in sight; and I prefer to keep it that way. We are adjusting to our new found knowledge; the females of the 'colony', as I call our society have found an ingenious way to keep us warm during the biting chill of night, granted we still are growing winter coats- showing that not all of our biological clocks have stopped-supplementing nature by making articles of clothing for everybody; vests, jackets, and other things of that nature on top of our fur. They even made a special robe for me, I'm not really sure about the color scheme, but one cannot complain when we are scavenging leftover cloth, but still it is very warm, and I am grateful to them. Justin has assembled a special task group that travels out into the city by night, Jonathan included, to gather supplies; collecting food, cloth scraps, and other essentials for our growing populace to survive. I cannot help but worry about Jonathan's mental well being; the trauma he has been put through is enough to break the morale of an average mouse, I fear the only way to keep him from shutting down is to keep him busy, it's not a permanent solution, but it is the only thing along with time for the foreseeable future, and hopefully I can help him when the time arises. Time is another factor; we have come to a consensus that it is no longer safe for us in the city. Justin's search party have noticed strange men in white lab coats with increased frequency, searching for us no doubt. We must move to the countryside. It was a bitterly cold fall evening. Not a single cloud tarnished the pitch black blanket that was the night sky, spotted with bright stars and a full moon high above. The air was still, not a slight breeze disturbed the frost coated leaves on the ground, creating a silence so complete the only thing you heard was the odd car on the far away highway, late to bring the drivers to their homes. Jonathan sat on a protruding log, completely still on the side of a dirt road, glancing side-to-side watching for cars. He had grown significantly in the months after their escape; nearly a head taller, his fur grew thick covering his thin frame, growing the thickest on his face, sprouting thick tufts of fur accenting along his cheekbones and jaw. The hair on his head grew straight up, slightly curling forward about half way up running down the crown of his skull, small strands breaking from the crowd in front of his large brown eyes. He wore a thick brown vest, to better blend in to the surroundings, and underneath a thin light gray sweatshirt; one sleeve was green, the other a dark red. A big capitol 'B' dominated the front of the sweatshirt. The dirt road stretched west and east, the sides of the road were cut back, a near perfect symmetrical line separating the thick forest from the road. Jonathan sighed, a plumb of steam shot from his nose, dissipating into the night. He jumped down into the short dry grass and dashed across the road on all fours, quick enough so no flying creatures of the night would hopefully spot his multi-colored clothing. He dived into the long grass with a slight rustle; he kept low scanning the sky for fast moving shadows, heart pounding in his ears. Once his heart had calmed, he continued to dash, slower, though the woods avoiding the leaves as best he could. Jonathan and Ages had almost integrated into the mostly rat community completely; Ages discovered he was talented at alchemy, creating elixirs and bandaging the wounded and weary with a gruff disposition. Everyone knew though Ages cared for the well- being of everyone, he just had his way of showing it. Though Nicodemus gave the suggestion they have some kind of policing and guards, Jonathan gave Justin the idea to come up with a task force to go out into the unknown; gathering necessary supplies and scout for points of interest. Justin took the idea to Nicodemus, and he liked it. Justin gave the honorary position of the scout to Jonathan. He fit the position like a fish to water. Dashing ahead of the squad he would travel outward, then in a wide arch survey and relay points of interest back to the squad when they caught up to him, and being a mouse he was smaller and more agile than a large, clumsy, cumbersome rat, so he could travel stealthily without attracting attention from humans or hungry predators He was looking for a shelter, life in the city for the colony was becoming dangerous; on one of Justin's group scavenging runs Jonathan scouted farther ahead of the squad, and he came across a small metal trap; bait set in a pile on top of a pressure plate. It was NIMH, no doubt about it. They are looking for us. It was too close for comfort, the trap was only a block away from the temporary shelter they had constructed and everyone was just barely getting situated, but Jonathan had to let them know now before someone fell for the trap or before NIMH decided to search the area thoroughly tomorrow. It was devastating news to everyone once they withdrew back to safety, with heavy hearts and hands they gathered there belongings, and set off again. Will we ever be free of NIMH? Jonathan asked himself every evening before going on patrol with the others. It seemed to be a vicious cycle the colony was trapped in; flee to what they thought was a safe haven only to learn that the scientists were only one step behind them, and then they would pack up and run again. Not for much longer, I can feel it. Lost in his thoughts he hadn't realized he came upon a large black monolith, blocking out what little light the moon cast, Jonathan approached warily, following the contours of the shape from one side to the other; a large middle section raised above the two lower halves before they elegantly dropped down into the thick underbrush, it took Jonathan a minute to work out that it was a car; dumped decades ago in the wilderness. Thick brown vines and brush enveloped the bottom half of the car, swallowing the car from the wheel wells down. The paint had long since faded; leaving behind rusted metal, the chrome however still shined in the moonlight in places, everything else though was destroyed by the elements or looted eons ago. Jonathan jumped onto the hood in a swift bound and inspected the inside. The interior was a large open space, piles of metal cans and other rubbish lay strewn about the floor pan, the seats torn out and replaced with air, and most of the glass was gone, the only pane of glass remaining was the windshield; smashed and barely in one piece. It's perfect, thought Jonathan. He jumped down and scurried back towards the dirt road as quickly and quietly as possible, he crossed the road in a dead sprint towards the stump he used as a lookout, and noticed four dark figures standing in a circle near the base of the stump. One of the figures saw Jonathan approach, steam puffing out his open mouth from the run, and stepped to face him. \"What did you find?\" Asked the figure, Jonathan recognized the voice as Justin's; the light from the moon reflected a small glint in the tall creature's eyes, the only visible clue on his face in the dark. \"I think I found us a shelter for winter.\" He said. \"An old abandoned car, out in the woods about forty-five yards from here.\" \"What kind of condition is it in?\" \"Are we talking about a full restoration…?\" \"Just something that can take the kids to the grocery store.\" \"Then it's perfect.\" \"Great,\" Justin said barely containing the excitement in his voice, \"I'll send someone back to get the rest and give them the all clear. Jenner, want the honors?\" Jenner, the timid dark rat with a line of white running from the bottom of his jaw down along his neck and under his shirt, with intense green eyes that could be seen in the dark of night, sternly nodded and took off into the underbrush, leaving three beings behind. Jonathan shifted uneasy on his feet; he hated standing still and waiting. Justin reached into his jacket and grabbed a matchstick. He walked to the stump and ran the match across it; the night gave way to the small fire, revealing the dark figures standing around him. Jonathan had sat down, now twiddling his thumbs, while the third member; a rat named Sullivan, a short and stocky dark brown fellow wearing a dark green long sleeve shirt, stood at the edge of the light, arms crossed scanning the shadows. Justin walked into the middle of the circle and stuck the match in the ground. \"That's better, now what on earth are you wearing Jon…\" \"What do you mean? You don't like my custom rainbow sleeves and ostentatious emblazoned 'B'?\" Jonathan speaking sarcastically, holding his arms out so everyone could get a clear look at the patchwork called a sweatshirt. \"Let me guess who made it…Bridget?\" Justin guessed. Jonathan gave a 'you-guessed-it' head nod. \"She made my sweatshirt too, albeit a bit less flashy.\" Motioning toward the bland dark green garment he was wearing obviously cut from the same scrap as Sullivan's shirt. \"I heard through the grapevine she likes you.\" \"Well let's look at the facts Justin; she can't stand you, and if she made your sorry excuse for a sweater, then made this thing for me, it's kind of a safe bet.\" He exhaled and shook his head. \"I told her I wanted one that would blend in well with the country side. Now I might not look conspicuous in a circus act.\" Justin and Sullivan started laughing at Jonathan's expense. \"Don't suppose she made that B especially for you, Brisby?\" Sullivan said. \"I hope not, I would hate to think someone would put so much time and effort into making something special just for me.\" He crossed his arms in front of him and smiled. \"Still though, it's warm, and that I'm grateful to Bridget for; I'll admit I don't have the patience to sit and make something to return the favor.\" \"I think you wearing that thing shows how much you care. You could have just easily traded it with someone else.\" Justin added. \"True, but I should at least give her a flower or something.\" Jonathan shrugged. \"Well yeah, that should be a given. She is a pretty girl after all.\" Everyone shared a heartfelt laugh as the matchstick burned out into a small ember, glowing faintly. Just then there was a rustling in the brush outside their circle, everyone turned to the sound, and out of the dark Jenner returned. \"There on their way.\" He stated, out of breath. \"Good job Jenner.\" Justin praised. \"Let's get another match going so they can see us.\" They had lit another match and stood waiting in silence for the colony to arrive. Soon they saw dim lights wavering through the thicket towards them, individuals holding improvised torches; the colony had arrived. Nicodemus was the first to emerge from the underbrush, clad in a black robe with gold accents along the sleeves and collar, running along the seams that ran down the front of his robe in intricate swirling designs, a walking stick in hand as he gingerly stepped into the clearing. He turned back at the opening he had walked through, and with his cane he parted the thick brush into a substantial doorway for the others to walk through unhindered. \"That still blows my mind.\" Sullivan whispered to Jonathan, \"How he can do that with his mind is, well, mind- blowing!\" The words lost to him, Jonathan chuckled at the redundancy. \"Hello Nicodemus.\" Justin greeted the elderly rat, taking the opposite side on the doorway assisting the first few individuals into the clearing. \"Hello young Justin, how goes the search for a new home?\" \"Well Jonathan may have found something; an abandoned car on the other side of the road.\" \"That is good, I was beginning to wonder if we would ever find safe haven; my feet are getting sore from the walking.\" Nicodemus let out a hoarse chuckle. After a majority of the populace stepped into the clearing, a rat jumped out in front of Justin, excited and out of breath, Justin was bewildered by the odd rat. \"Justin! Just the guy I was looking for!\" The rat nearly shouted; Justin had to clamp his paw around his mouth to quiet him. \"Shhh, Cartmen!\" he hissed. \"What's got you so excited you want to telegraph our position to everyone?\" Cartmen, a tan small rat with a white spot set just to the right on the top of his head, was a little older than Justin, almost couldn't contain himself as he had some very exciting news to share. \"My girlfriend Jennifer, she just gave birth to a litter! I'm a dad!\" Justin's breath escaped from him like someone punched him in the gut, his jaw dropped at the surprising news. He was absolutely lost and broadsided by the news, stuck in shock as to what to say to Cartmen, the rat's eyes were lit up with joy; the grin stuck on his face seemed to get bigger with each passing second. \"That- that's great\" Justin stammered, trying to find the words, \"H-how many?\" \"Four; three boys and a girl! I'm a father now!\" Cartmen Repeated. \"That is wonderful news, Cartmen!\" Nicodemus approached and patted Cartmen on the shoulder, his glowing eyes bright as he looked the rat in the eyes. \"Thanks Nicodemus, I wish I had some cigars to pass out right now or something, I'm just so happy!\" He walked off still talking towards the crowd. This complicates things tenfold, Justin now lost to his thoughts. It was totally unexpected, nobody saw it coming; though people knew they were dating, the general thought was they had no time to start a family in the tumultuous times; nobody was going to risk the chance, and they hoped Cartmen and Jennifer weren't either. But it was obvious now that there was no resisting the urge of love and youth, and they may have just opened the floodgates for others. The newborns wouldn't last long in this kind of cold; they now had to move fast and get into some kind of shelter for the safety of the mother and the pups. Justin was snapped back from his thoughts; Nicodemus had jabbed Justin in the side with his cane trying to get him back to reality. \"Justin this is grave news,\" Nicodemus' face now with an edge of seriousness to it, \"We need to get the young family to safety as quick as possible.\" Justin sternly nodded, and jogged towards Cartmen, still sharing the news with the colony. \"Cartmen, where is Jennifer now?\" Justin grabbed his shoulders and spun him around. \"She's back at the crossroads with Mr. Ages watching her, why?\" Cartman's smile slowly began to fade. \"I'm really happy you now have a family Cartmen, but right now they are in danger; the chill in the air can kill you're newborns, and Jennifer.\" The color began to drain from underneath Cartman's tan fur. Justin hated how blunt he was being, but there was no other way he could reach him. It had to be done. He spoke slowly and clearly so Cartmen got the full effect of the situation he was now thrust into, \"We need to get them into someplace warm; can you help us do that?\" Cartmen began to stammer, \"I-I'll go get s-some fresh blankets. A-a-and bring them here.\" He took off into the night as fast as he could move, carrying an arm load of blankets for his new family. Justin was glad Cartmen took the initiative so quickly, now he had to do his part. Jonathan cut through the murmuring crowd towards Justin, staring at him with surprise. \"Did I just hear that right? Cartmen and Jennifer just had kids!?\" Jonathan struggled to wrap his head around the concept. \"Yep, I just heard it myself.\" Justin said. \"Well we need to do something…\" Jonathan stammered. \"We are; take us as quickly as you can to the car you spotted, that is going to be home whether everybody likes it or not!\" \"Right, Justin tell everyone to follow me!\" Jonathan dashed into the crowd towards the road. Time was of the essence now. \"Alright everyone,\" Justin boomed, arms rose to gather the attention of the ones in the far back of the crowd, \"Everyone needs to follow Jonathan to our new home! Stay close to him, and stay low, we are moving out now!\" The crowd slowly complied, shuffling towards Jonathan. \"That's not fast enough people; MOVE IT!\" Justin shouted, flapping his arms at the crowd like a cattle herder. The crowd reacted and upped the pace as they began to cross the road, Jonathan leading the charge. Justin turned and headed in the direction Cartmen went to see if he could be of some use helping move the newborn family, he met them half way between the stump and the colonies hiding place; Cartmen carried Jennifer in his arms, wrapped in blankets and drifting in and out of consciousness, \"Help Mr. Ages out, he's holding the babies Justin!\" Cartmen wailed. Justin made sure Cartmen didn't need assistance and ran in the direction of the cries in the distance. Ages waddled far behind struggling to hold four crying newborns wrapped in thick blankets. \"About time Justin, here take two of them.\" Ages dropped two of the bundles in Justin's outstretched arms, Justin wasn't completely ready for the burdens; he froze after seeing the two heavily wrapped pups crying out in his arms. They were so helpless, so small, he was scared just breathing on them would hurt them, at one point he was once this helpless and— \"Justin, snap out of it for Christ's sake, your needed!\" Ages croaked, now hobbling along at a quicker pace. Justin shook himself back to reality, and gingerly followed behind. They followed the footprints to the metal husk, a faint orange glow emanating from the inside beckoned them in. the colony had piled most of the garbage in the vehicle into a sizeable fire, supplemented by firewood. Cartmen lowered Jennifer gingerly next to it; the crowd separated and gave the couple space to breathe, Cartmen lowered himself next to her and pressed himself against her body, embracing her for warmth. Using his hands for friction on the blanket he began furiously rubbing her shoulders and back to help her circulation and help warm up and stave off the shivering and unconsciousness. Ages followed shortly behind, holding the wailing infants with Justin holding the other two; his pair was comfortably sleeping in his warm arms. \"Where are my babies…?\" Jennifer whispered, \"Where are they?\" she came alive and looked around frantically, Ages approached with two of them and gingerly handed them to the young mother, they started to calm at her embrace.\"Oh, there, there little ones. Everything is okay now.\" She cooed, pulling them close under her blanket. \"W-where are the other two?\" she looked up at Ages. \"Don't worry Jen, I got them.\" Justin whispered, kneeling down at her side gingerly passing the sleeping pair to her. \"Oh, you put them to sleep Justin.\" she laughed quietly, \"You have a way with kids.\" Justin blushed under his fur, chuckling nervously. Without hesitation Cartmen took Justin's paw and shook it furiously with both of his. \"Thank you so much Justin, for helping us!\" he began to blubber. He released Justin and embraced Jennifer again, this time with tenderness, Cartmen staring deep into the eyes of his entire ilk, then to his love as the young couple shared a tender kiss, and took a long needed rest by the fire. \"Look, they have your eyes…\" Cartmen whispered to her. Jonathan watched the whole drama unfold from the sidelines; after rallying everyone to hurry in and start a fire, after Justin and Ages carried in the newborns, he kept watching the couple with the audience. It was all so heartfelt and touching, most of the crowd awed when Justin handed off the two sleeping pups, and Ages shooed everyone off when the couple retired for the night by the fire, exhausted from the ordeal. \"Shows over everyone; pups need to nurse now. Come on move it, give them some privacy.\" Ages began waving off the crowd, Jonathan lingered a moment before leaving. He watched the family expressions as they talk in hushed tones, sharing a smile every now and again and staring deep into each other's eyes; it reminded him of that time, just 6 short months ago, the look he and… \"Brisby, you're not quite old enough to see this yet.\" A stern hand from Ages turned him away and pushed him off in the opposite direction, interrupting his thoughts. \"So why are you sticking around then Ages?\" Jonathan retorted. \"Because I , young man am the doctor, and I am needed.\" Ages stated matter- of- fact. \"So bugger off.\" Jonathan left with a huff, doctor my foot. The sun was starting to come up, the sky turning a light pink along the horizon to the east, following the rolling hills in between the thick branches if the forest. Jonathan was really tired; he knew they were going to have to find some food and other essentials tomorrow, so he better grab some Z's while he still had the chance. Making his way to the car's trunk, he found where everyone was bunking it for the night, the carpet still intact in the cavernous trunk; the air smelled a lot like old moth balls. He hated the smell, but he was going to take it because it was a heck of a lot better than toughing it out in the wilderness another night. He pulled his green hood over his ears and pulled the pull strings tight so the hood closed out the cold from most of his face, his nose still sticking out, and curled in a ball for the night. The metal floor under the rug he tried to sleep on kept him awake; he tossed and turned as the stinging cold permeated his clothes and fur, chilling him to the bone, he finally woke up and flipped his hood off, exhaling out of frustration. Screw it, I won't sleep then. He sat up with his knees tucked against his chest and crossed his arms on top of them, and stewed. His thoughts turned inwards, after he had complained about everything outside: How come nobody thanks me, I'm the one who found this place, and started the fire, and everything else! I know exactly why; Justin's a rat, he is their kind, he can relate to them, and I'm just a freaking mouse, too small and insignificant in a land of giants. He fought with his thoughts for a small eternity, until a large brown figure rose up out of the tightly packed group out of Jonathan's sight, lazily holding a blanket around her slender shoulders. \"Jonathan is that you grumbling?\" Dammit, I've been talking my thoughts! \"Is everything okay?\" She lazily asked. \"I'm fine Bridget.\" He sternly replied; he wanted to be left alone with his thoughts. \"I don't believe it.\" She said flatly, yawning and rubbing her eye. Dammit…she's not going away. How come every time I get some free time to think, someone interrupts me! She tip toed through the mass of bodies, clinging to the blanket around her. \"Come on Jonny, what's bugging you.\" \"Don't call me 'Jonny', you know I hate that . \" He growled. \" Bridge .\" He sarcastically quipped, dropping his voice an octave to sound dumber, jutting his lower jaw out and rolling his eyes at her to emphasize. \"You should keep your face like that, it suits you.\" She jabbed, playfully smacking the back of his head lightly as she sat down next to him. He shot her a look, and then returned to stewing. \"Come on,\" she said again, wrapping her blanket around him and forcibly pulling him under the sheet with her against his will. He hated that he was so small she could easily pick him up and push him around, still she was incredibly strong despite how slender she was. \"Tell me, I'm not going away until you do.\" The warmth under the blanket and her body made Jonathan's ears turned red, he relaxed slightly despite the awkward moment he was experiencing. \"Is the sweatshirt I made you not thick enough?\" \"N-no…\" he whispered, dropping his head down to stare at his feet, defeated by the heat that pushed the cold out of him. \"Well let me have it when you're not using it, want me to add some sleeves to your vest also?\" He nodded lightly. Ashamed he couldn't do it himself, he didn't want to be a bother to Bridget. And like she was reading his mind she whispered. \"It's not a big to-do Jon, I've stuffed everyone else's winter clothes with more cotton, and you are the only one who hasn't asked for it yet…well besides Justin.\" she snorted at his name. Jonathan was overcome by curiosity; he had to ask, \"Why do you have such a grudge against him?\" She started in almost immediately and laid it on thick. \"Oh don't get me started on that pig! He keeps hitting on me every time he tears his sweatshirt, on purpose , so I can fix it. Then comes strolling in like he's the Second Coming of Jesus, spewing garbage like 'Oh, could you stitch my sleeve up again? And while you're at it; can you stitch us together?'\" She sighed in disgust. \"I swear to God if he tries another lame pick-up line; I'm going to smack him.\" Jonathan laughed, and then stifled it as quickly as it came. \"So you still haven't told me what's bugging you Jon.\" \"Nobody seems to notice my accomplishments; I found the car we are all sleeping in, but they go ape over Justin carrying two babies.\" Jonathan blurted, it just fell out of his mouth, and he quickly slapped his hand over his mouth, oh Christ, I just said that. \"Is that all?\" she asked with curiosity. \"No,\" His mouth began running again, without any input from his brain; he was under her control. \"I watched Cartmen and Jennifer look so happy together; it makes me want Grace back awful, I wish she was here.\" It was out in the open now, no more bottling it up and ignoring it anymore. He sighed, and suppressed the lump forming in his throat, and waited for the ridicule. But it never came. Instead she placed her head on his, and wrapped her arms around him and pulled him closer under the blanket, he tensed up again and managed to turn redder. \"I had no idea Jon; I'm so sorry, how come you never told anybody? Where is she now?\" \"Nobody asked.\" He croaked, the lump getting more prominent in his throat. \"She died back at NIMH, from the injections.\" Bridget was speechless, she had no idea he had someone he cared about. And lost her, and he was still so young! She could feel him relax again, and began to shudder; she had no idea what to say to fix the hole in the heart after the loss of a loved one, to be honest nothing could be said to fix that. Only time was the only cure. \"Hey,\" she whispered into his ear, she heard Jonathan sniffle, and decided to change the subject. \"You know what?\" her tone getting happier. \"What.\" Jonathan whispered. \"I bet nobodies said thanks yet because everyone is so tired, tomorrow morning everyone will come rushing at you and give you three big cheers! Screaming 'Thank you for everything Jonny, finding a home for us, and help save Cartmen and Jenny's kids!' and I'll be the first to say it to you now before everyone else does; Thank you so much Jon.\" She hugged him tighter. Jonathan chuckled lightly, and wiped his nose with his sweater sleeve; that's all he really wanted, someone to care and listen. \"Thanks Bridge.\" He joked. \"I'm going to ignore that one.\" She replied flatly. She yawned, \"Well I think I'm going back to bed, I'll see you guys in the afternoon.\" She pecked Jonathan on the top of the head, and slipped the blanket off her and left it wrapped around Jonathan. \"Good night shortie.\" She said, and walked towards the pile of personal belongings everyone threw aside, and fetched a cold blanket. She did admit; she did have feelings for the little mouse, he had done so much for a bunch of strangers; he helped them escape from NIMH, he survived the airshaft with Ages, and had managed to keep his head held high and manage to still be funny through the worst of it as they continue to run from NIMH. He literally was the little Knight in shining armor for all the rats, and it always made her laugh how nervous he got whenever she touched him, freezing up and turning pink under his fur, so she continued; finding the one chink in the armor plating covering the soft lovable Knight underneath, and she grew fond of him. But deep down she knew it would never work between them; there was an obvious species difference, and to a much lesser extent, size problem. She was twice the size of Jonathan. She sighed as she made her way through the sleeping crowd and found her spot on the ground, looking back at Jonathan; he had wrapped the blanket around himself, pulled his hood up, and had fallen asleep quickly: At another time in another place, in a different universe, maybe. I'll still gladly take the roll of the big sister, that's the least he deserves. She lay down on the cold musty floor, wrapped the blanket around her, and went back to sleep. Writer's Note: So a new character called Bridget, hooray! And no, I will not be advancing their so called 'relationship', rats and mice are totally different species, and I'm going to keep Jonny boy on a sort of 'devoted to his job' path, for now. Fun Fact: In real life, rats eat mice? So six chapters, in rapid succession. I'm a huge fan of long stories, with tons of words crammed into each chapter, if this doesn't jive with some readers, then I'm sorry; I'm not changing the layout, way too much of a pain in the ass. It is now very early in the morning here, and I'm exhausted. I will continue to post my story tomorrow. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 7] Chapter 6: Winter Solstice. It has been 3 months since our move to our new home, one year since our departure from NIMH. The snow has come, and with it the frigid temperatures. Jonathan has proven to be an indispensible asset, and friend; he has discovered the location of a human general store not far from where we are, thankfully not too close as to govern suspicion from the owner. I pains me to say the old fellow running it, Jasper, is unaware we are stealing our food and water from him. We are also stealing his electricity without his blessing as with some other essentials to winterize our breezy home. The organization of the colony was finally completed; the vehicle's trunk area is large enough it can house the sleeping quarters comfortably, despite the sacrifice of some privacy. We have cut a large portion of the metal out to make the transition from the Atrium to the beds a more 'streamlined' experience, Which brings me to the next subject; the Atrium. The area called a 'cabin', where the humans operate the machine, has been cleared of all debris and the floor has been carpeted, it has now been converted into a sort of common gathering place for everyone to socialize and discuss the daily gossip along with gathering for important council meetings. We decided to keep the fire pit in the middle of the room, albeit smaller for space saving and health reasons, were it is fed as warmth for our home with dead wood gathered by the community, and for the hard of breathing the top of the windows that are sealed can be lowered briefly to air the space out. Mr. Jericho Ages has claimed the empty engine bay as his own, stuffing it full of chemical holders and beakers full of God knows what. We have forced him to split the bay, turning the half into a grain and dry goods storage; though I'm slightly apprehensive about storing our food next to a mad chemist, he assures me he won't tamper with the supply. I will hold his word to it. The new family is prospering, Cartmen is very responsible for their well being, and the pair is having trouble keeping up with the quickly growing quintuplets. Cartmen has decided to carry his own weight in the community, he joined the guards under Justin's guiding eye. Speaking of guiding eyes; Jonathan's mood has taken a turn for the better. Perhaps it wasn't my place to correct Jonathan's wrongs, but the incredibly resourceful Bridget has done what I was too afraid to do. \"So let me get this straight; I'm not going?\" Jonathan had gotten ready for a day of scouting; it was his escape from all the woes and gave him time to think by himself. But he was just told he wasn't going. \"I know Jon, but it's just a simple food run.\" Justin timidly shrugged his shoulders, \"And Cartmen needs the experience.\" \"Yeah Jon,\" Cartmen added with enthusiasm. \"You could help watch the kids if you need something to do; Jennifer could use a break…\" He trailed off as the look Jonathan gave him began to get deadlier. \"No offense Cartmen, but I hate kids.\" \"There you go; Cartmen needs the gathering experience, and you need to learn to get used to kids!\" Justin snickered. Jonathan slouched, mouth hanging open; he was making an effort to pout. \"You're not coming, and that's final. Come on, Jenny could definitely enjoy the break.\" Justin nudged Jonathan. \"Yeah, please Jon?\" Cartmen chimed in, putting on the most pitiful sad face. \"Alright, alright knock it off! Challenge accepted I'll watch the kids.\" He admitted in defeat. The victors shared a much unrestrained victory dance. \"Alright will you all leave before I change my mind?\" An hour had passed and the search and gather party hadn't returned. Jonathan was still pouting as the four newborns, now old enough to play outside, screamed as they played in the snow. Little did anybody know they were being watched from above from inside the vehicle. Nicodemus watched the children play in the courtyard from his overlook in the Atrium. He chuckled watching the young scream and laugh as they ran around in the magical white frozen substance, throwing snowballs in lazy arcs at one another. He couldn't show the same feelings for the unhappy Jonathan, skulking on a log, back turned to them, Nicodemus shook his head lightly. \"What are you shaking your head about Nicodemus?\" a light brown, soft spoken, young and slender women stepped out of the shadows, one arm outstretched, the other rubbing the sleepiness out of her brown eye. \"Ah, Jennifer, I'm surprised you're awake. How was the nap?\" Nicodemus exclaimed, stepping aside to give the young mother a clear view. \"Just what I needed.\" Releasing a yawn, \"you would be surprised how much those rascals can wear you out, I'm grateful for Jonathan for offering to give me a break.\" She chuckled. \"So what are you shaking your head about?\" \"It's Jonathan, he is being, what do you call it; Um, something about mud and a stick?\" \"A stick-in-the-mud?\" she answered. \"Ah,\" Nicodemus laughed, \"That is the saying.\" \"What makes you say that?\" She stepped up onto the platform with Nicodemus, and followed his outstretched finger to the sulking figure. \"Well, at least his lack of enthusiasm isn't rubbing off on the kids.\" She laughed watching her oldest, her daughter Kristie, make snow angels; while the three boys Tyler, Eric, and Aaron body slammed the deep snow. Her gaze softened at the innocents of her children, Nicodemus saw the love she had for them in her heavenly eyes. \"I can't believe how fast they're growing.\" She whispered. \"You and Cartman's offspring are the first successful step towards the second generation of our kind.\" Nicodemus said with pride. \"Everything we have been altered in; our strength, intelligence, and everything else are passed onto them, because you both are not average rats anymore. They may grow faster in the early years, maybe accelerated slightly, I am not positive, but I know they will be stronger, live for longer, and healthier than the last. I would say, with utmost certainty, they will outlive us by tenfold, Jennifer, do not worry.\" He reassured her. She seemed satisfied, but Nicodemus could tell by watching her face, something else was on her mind. \"Is something else bothering you child?\" She looked away and bit her lip, then leaned in; \"Can you keep a secret, Nicodemus?\" \"Of course,\" Nicodemus made a zipping motion across his lips, \"My lips are sealed.\" \"It wasn't supposed to happen.\" She whispered; a pang of shame crossed her face. Nicodemus already knew what she was going to address; the consequences of seeing into the future, he knew it was an accident way before even the pair knew what would happen. He played the naïve card, acting like he didn't know. He raised his eyebrows in a surprised manner, \"Oh?\" he said. She nodded. \"We were just messing around; we were both completely shocked when I was late.\" Her paw shook slightly as she covered her mouth, closing her eyes to hold back tears. \"I wasn't ready for kids; I wanted to wait until we were at least settled into a somewhat permanent home before starting a family. I'm sorry for our stupid behavior.\" She buried her head in her arms and leaned on the railing to the platform and began to sob quietly. Nicodemus just sighed, and gingerly placed his paw between her shoulder blades, \"Do not be ashamed Jennifer, life works in mysterious ways. Think of life as a river; its path is determined by nature to eventually reach the ocean, but let's say during a downpour the bank gives way, blocking the path for the water.\" She wiped the tears from her eyes and began to intently listen. \"The river is blocked, but only for a moment; it swells and begins to find another way to continue on its path. It overflows its banks and diverts into a new path, granted it does not follow the old route, but it still reaches its destination the same.\" Jennifer's eyes grew wide as every word spoke true to the situation, she slowly began to nod. \"Thanks Nicodemus.\" \"Do not mention it.\" He returned his paw, and crossed them in front of him. A few minutes of silence passed between them, the children were finally beginning to slow down; they had pooled their energy resources into building a snowman. Nicodemus couldn't stand Jonathan not participating, and then a dastardly thought crossed his mind. It was ingenious ! A crooked smile crept across his face he couldn't hide. \"Nicodemus…\" Jennifer had noticed quickly. \"What are you thinking about…?\" concern creeping into her voice. He turned his wicked gaze to her, \"I'm thinking about causing some mischief.\" she looked completely lost to what he was scheming. Nicodemus raised a graying paw slowly into the air, pointer finger jutting out from his paw, a look of concentration at the snow under the children's feet. A snowball began to form in the courtyard between the snowman the kids were creating, they stopped they're construction to stare at the bizarre sight of a single frozen ball floating before them. \"What are you doing Nicodemus?\" Jennifer asked. \"Shhh child, I'm concentrating.\" A twinge of excitement showed itself in his tone. His finger slowly raised in conjunction with the snowball. Jennifer gaze widened as she discovered his motive, and covered her mouth from making any sort of sound. \"Oh Nicodemus, that's-that's.\" \"Ingenious?\" \"More like wicked.\" \"What, cant an old man have a little fun every now and then? I just want to test a theory…\" the snowball had leveled completely flush with Jonathan. The kids remained frozen in place. Jonathan was lost to his thoughts; they don't need me for a food run? Is it because I put on some weight? I told them its Bridget's handiwork; she put sleeves on my vest and put some insulation in my sweatshirt. It's all fluff that's it… Nicodemus straightened his finger. The snowball shot forward, the children tried to grab it, they couldn't shout fast enough before it connected with its target. Jonathan was shocked out of his thoughts by a blunt cold object striking the back of his head. He fell forward from the force into the deep snow, head first. Jonathan struggled to sit up, clumps of snow sticking to his face and the back of his head, oh, those little… \"Okay, who did that?\" he shook his head, loose snow falling from his wounded head. \"Speak up now.\" He growled, bounding over the log he was sitting on a moment ago; he had put on some weight, huffing slightly from the slight exertion of energy. The extra stuffing and adding sleeves to his vest gave him an even thicker appearance. The kids stared at him with big brown eyes, terrified. \"We didn't do it, we swear mister!\" the oldest, Kristie, defended first. \"It fwoated truough te aiwre!\" Eric, the youngest, added next, barely old enough to speak. \"Please don't tell on us! We didn't do anything Jonathan Sir!\" Tyler and Aaron both said at the same time. Jonathan furrowed his brow and put his balled up fists on his side; \"I don't believe any of you.\" He flatly replied. The kids began to stammer and cower in fear, terrified of the reprisal from the small enigmatic, angry statue. Jonathan saw the tears begin to well in their eyes, he softened his glare slightly; he didn't want to scare the bejeezus out of him, he just wanted to know who threw it, he wasn't going to hurt anybody, am I really that scary to them? He began to feel awful, and dropped his shoulders. He huffed, \"Look, I'm not going to get anyone in trouble, I just want to know.\" \"It wasn't…\" Kristie said between sobs. \"It wasn't us, I promise.\" Wiping tears away with a soggy pink mitten. \"Well then.\" Jonathan said, reaching down and grabbing two small handfuls of snow, \"since I don't believe any of you; I guess I'll just have to get even with all of you!\" He let them catch on to what he was planning; they all stopped sobbing instantly, gasped, and began to squeal in excitement as they took cover from the artillery strikes against them and returned fire. \"I see what you did Nicodemus, you sly rat you!\" Jennifer said. \"He's not all hum-drum after all.\" \"It may be surprising, but he is far from it; he is still just a young boy himself, he has much more growing to do.\" Just then Jonathan gets buried under a volley of snow from the squad. \"No fair I wasn't ready!\" he retorts. Jennifer laughed, \"You know, I bet Jonathan wouldn't be a bad father. He's got a child's spirit!\" \"No doubt Jennifer; my only concern is if it will be possible, since he is no longer an average mouse, he might be rejected and shunned out of normal society.\" \"Oh, I forgot about that, how awful of me.\" Jennifer redacted. \"I keep forgetting he's a mouse and we're rats, on top of that and we aren't exactly normal rats at that anymore.\" \"Do not be so hard on yourself, Jennifer.\" Nicodemus replied. \" We may be shunned by our 'lesser' brethren, but maybe mice are different. I can only hope.\" He closed his eyes in deep contemplation, I can only hope. Suddenly Jonathan came walking onto the balcony, carrying Eric in his arms, the other three followed covered in snow. \"Eric wanted me to carry him in Jen.\" Jonathan chuckled. \"His feet were getting cold so we called a ceasefire.\" Eric just nodded and laughed. \"It's all just a clever ruse so he doesn't have to snowball fight anymore.\" Jonathan said with a hint of sarcasm towards Eric. The children all laughed. \"Well I suppose we should fix everyone up some hot cocoa as we talk about a peace treaty?\" Jennifer suggested. It was followed by excited cheers from everybody. \"Jon would you like some too?\" Jennifer asked. \"Sure if it's no problem Jen.\" Jonathan asked timidly. \"Not a problem at all Jon.\" Jennifer quipped. \"Alright little tyke, got to put you down, we're inside now.\" Jonathan told Eric, Jonathan knelt down to place Eric on the floor, but Eric gripped tightly around Jonathan's neck and cried. \"No!\" Jonathan was surprised by the sheer strength of him, and by how stern he was being. \"Well why not Eric? We are going to postpone our snowball match until next time.\" \"No!\" he sternly replied again, gripping tighter. \"Alright, guess there's no reasoning with you.\" He stood up again, Eric loosened his grip, but didn't let go of his neck. Jennifer just smiled at the pair. Jonathan was starting to get uncomfortable, \"Jen why isn't he letting go of me?\" he whispered to her. \"He likes you.\" She replied. Jonathan's eyebrows shot up, \"B-but, why? I was being a jerk to him a few minutes ago.\" \"Eric has a good sense for people; he knows you have a good heart and soul.\" Jennifer removed the soggy green hat off of Eric's head and ruffled his fur on top of his head; \"Don't you my little angel?\" He started to laugh like a child, and hugged Jonathan's neck. He got butterflies in his stomach, but why me? I'm just a bitter mouse. He gave up reasoning with himself; Eric began to hum as he nuzzled Jonathan's neck. He got a warm fuzzy feeling inside despite his damp coat chilling his skin, he gently pat Eric on the back, and carried him as the crew all followed Jennifer to the mess in the Atrium for refreshments. \"Oh and by the way Nic?\" Jonathan turned. \"Yes Jonathan?\" Nicodemus muttered. \"I will get you back for that…\" He raised an eyebrow. \"I don't have a clue what you mean.\" Nicodemus replied with slight sarcasm, Jennifer glanced at him and gasp, covering her mouth and stifling a giggle. Nicodemus watched them all walk out of sight from his balcony, a slight smile on his face. Jonathan's life essence had grown brighter over the last few months from what it was, thanks to Nicodemus' ability to see into a person's soul; Jonathan's had now instead of a blue hue, he had an amber glow and shone brightly. Though there was still a sizeable dark spot in the middle of his form, no doubt a part of him that died with Grace back at NIMH, it had lost some of its diameter at that precise moment. I can only hope. He thought to himself. There were a few hiccups in their trip to gather food from the human general store. It was taking a little longer than expected explaining things to Cartmen, and whatever they seemed to tell him went in one ear, and came out the other almost as fast. Justin's patience was beginning to wear thin, maybe it would've been better if we brought Jon along instead, and He sighed. The general store was closed for the day; according to the human calendar, it was Sunday, and the owner of the shop, Jasper, didn't work on those days, so it was a plus that it wasn't open, and that it was daylight, so it would be easier to show Cartmen where the entry points into the store were located. Jenner and Sullivan were also running a short fuse as well, running ahead of Justin and Cartmen into the store to grab essentials while Justin was explaining proper procedure to Cartmen. \"So listen Cartmen, and listen well.\" Justin had stopped in front of the entrance into the storage room for the store, grabbing the eager Cartmen by the arm to stop him from running straight in. \"We have a couple rules you need to follow so Old Man Jasper doesn't get wise to our presence.\" \"Yeah, uh huh, I'm listening.\" Cartmen replied without meeting Justin's gaze, glancing around and fidgeting, eager to get started. \"Rule one: don't take a lot of one thing; grab at most a couple of one thing, if it's anymore Jasper will start to think its burglars, and set up security cameras. And that will complicate things for us.\" \"Yep, I got it.\" Cartmen continued to look around the room, half listening to Justin. \"And Rule two: Don't grab huge items; full size flashlights, a lot of extension cords, milk jugs, that sort of thing, it is incredibly hard to hide and carry for us. And the human takes an inventory list of everything , so if he does find large amounts of things missing, he might get suspicious.\" \"I got a question Justin.\" Cartmen interrupted. Justin sharply exhaled, \"What?\" \"Where does a guy drop a deuce around here?\" Cartmen crudely asked. \"…And that addresses another important rule.\" Justin continued, \"If you do have to use the restroom, do it outside, are you listening Cartmen?\" Cartmen was scanning the room, oblivious to Justin. Alright that's it, Justin snapped, and grabbed the sides of Cartmen's head and forced him to look Justin in the eye, squishing the sides of his face in between Justin's iron grip, His voice ice cold and dead serious. \"If the humans find any sort of evidence from us that we were here; they will start putting down traps, call an exterminator, or worst yet; call our buddies over at NIMH.\" Cartmen stopped struggling and blinked several times. It started to finally sink in how serious he had to take this, he had a family to watch over now, and it would be devastating if they got caught because he got careless. \"You got it?\" Justin furiously shook his head, Justin's face stone cold. \"Yesh, yesh I do.\" Cartmen mumbled between squished cheeks. \"Good.\" Justin's demeanor changed instantly and he pat the side of Cartmen's pudgy face three times in a joking manner. \"Let's go get some supplies! Look out for anything that might be interesting, and we'll meet back here.\" He released Cartmen's head, and ran ahead; leaving a stunned Cartmen behind to digest everything he had just gone over. The sun had begun to set, casting yellow square shadows onto the floor through two dirty windows, edging up the corners of the isles in places, Justin, Cartmen, Jenner, and Sullivan had begun to collect a sizeable bounty from the store, and was preparing to disembark, but Cartmen went missing before they left. \"Where is the stupid oaf?\" Jenner growled. \"I'm really fed up with his shenanigans Justin.\" Jenner began to pace. \"Yeah me too Justin, let's just take Brisby next time.\" Sullivan added. \"Hey, nobody start ganging up on him, give him some time. Maybe he had to carry a lot back or something.\" \"I bet he's trying to take a whole isle.\" Jenner whispered to Sullivan, and they both started snickering. Justin just shook his head. He glanced around they're meeting point, hoping to spot him walking towards them with a bag full of goods, he hoped that's what he was doing. If he didn't show up soon, Jenner and Sullivan might just leave them behind. Suddenly there was a crash. \"Oh no, now what do you suppose that was?\" Jenner rolled his eyes and covered his face in embarrassment. \"Let's go see.\" Justin suggested, running ahead to investigate, \"Can we just leave him behind?\" Jenner pouted. \"No Jenner, he might need help. And I think Jennifer would have a thing or two to say if we left him behind.\" Justin added. \"I'd give little 'Jenny' a thing or two to say…\" Jenner's words edged with toxic sarcasm. Sullivan shared a dark laugh. \"Jenner. Be nice.\" Justin sternly defended. He never really understood the dark humor Jenner and Sullivan shared, and of late they're jokes seemed to get darker and darker between them. They were oddballs to begin with; they were social no doubt, Jenner was on the council as well as the search party, and Sullivan the same, they were social, they just seemed to keep to themselves, muttering to one another in shadows and preferring each other's company to anyone else. Cartmen came running down the aisle towards them; holding a crumpled newspaper in his clenched hands as he tripped on the slippery tile floor and slide to their feet. \"Nice entrance, clumsy oaf.\" Jenner said with disgust. Cartmen didn't seem to notice as he stood up puffing, still grasping the paper like a lifeline, \"You guys need to see this.\" Cartmen's face lit up with excitement. \"What is it?\" Justin asked, glancing at the newspaper with curiosity. Cartmen threw the paper on the ground between them, and ironed out the wrinkles on the front page, and stood back so everyone could see. \"Test subjects escape mental facility.\" Justin read aloud the bold print for everyone. \"The National Institute for Mental Health announced yesterday they would increase their search for twenty rat test subjects that escaped the facility nine months ago.\" \"That's us!\" Cartmen squealed with excitement. \"Shut it Cartmen.\" Jenner barked. Justin continued to read the article. \"Though we continue to find traces of them within the city', the director of the project stated, 'they have proven to be illusive and increasingly tenacious, we have reason to believe they may have moved into the countryside.' The Director was also asked about the escape of eleven mice along with the rats; 'We have recovered five of the eleven mice within the air ducts, we believe the mice did not survive to escape.' The Chronicle also spoke with the night janitor of the facility, who found the bodies. 'It was messy, most of them were torn up from the fans, and we can only hope the rest died quickly when they were incinerated when they fell in the furnace.'\" Justin stopped reading and swallowed, \"Jesus…\" \"At least it was quick, that's what we can hope for.\" Cartmen assured. \"Well what does the rest of it say?\" Jenner asked impatiently, pushing Justin aside to read the rest. \"A reward is being held with any information spotting rats, or regarding suspicious activity of rats, to the National Institute for Mental Health hotline. This is not the first time N.I.M.H has landed in hot water; several years ago they were charged with conspiracy and violation of several health and safety regulations.\" 'Conspiracy and violation of health and safety regulations?' Sullivan scoffed. \"That is putting it mildly; I still have nightmares about that place.\" \"We all do Sully, but that raises a more pressing matter.\" Justin tapped his chin with a finger, \"We need to tell the others.\" Jenner stood and abruptly answered, \"No, there is no need to scare everyone half to death.\" He made a cutting motion through the air with his arm. \"But Jenner, think about it,\" Cartmen delirious with terror. \"They have been looking for us, and the article says they found evidence of where we've been-!\" \"…Where we've been , not where we are now .\" Jenner interjected, facing the hapless Cartmen. \"The article says they have found evidence of where we've been, that means they have no idea where we are now, they are just coming to the conclusion, nine months later mind you, that we aren't in the city anymore.\" \"Everyone still needs to know Jenner; we need to keep everyone vigilant.\" Justin said. \"But why must we scare everyone?\" Jenner raised his voice in frustration. \"It's obvious they won't find us in the woods; it's too massive for them to search every nook and cranny! And even then it would take years before they even come close to us.\" \"But they're asking for help from other humans that are what we really need to worry about; the ones that aren't the white lab coat wearing scientists but the ones in it for the reward.\" \"Fine,\" Jenner shouted, throwing his arms up in defeat, \"You can scare everyone hapless, I'm still going to defend my point of view to the council Justin. We don't need to worry.\" \"We'll see Jenner.\" Justin said in a low voice. Jenner was always against Justin's decisions to tell specific news to the colony, he did see what was good for the colony in his own way; it was his home too, he just had a more gray area about things. Justin didn't let it trouble him long, he was going to leave the politics to Nicodemus when they got back. Justin hated politicians. This isn't fair, why must we trouble the minds of everyone at the colony over useless news? They had left the general store and were making their way back to the colony, it was thoroughly dark now, and Cartmen hadn't gathered any supplies since the only thing he grabbed was the newspaper, so they had to wait a while longer for him to grab a couple of things. Jenner was stuck with carrying the newspaper with the false news home, lagging behind the trio with the cumbersome parcel. There is absolutely no reason for me to carry this stupid thing, Cartmen should be carrying it, not my supplies! Jenner was bitter beyond belief, Justin had spoke down to him, telling him to his face he was wrong to not tell the colony. Jenner scoffed to himself, what does Justin know? I know more about what's good for these people than he does… Suddenly a wicked thought crossed his mind, what if they never figure it out? Jenner's grip loosened on the sheet of paper, this is for the good of the colony, he kept telling himself, as an unnatural wind took the newspaper from his grasp. Jenner thought quickly as to not raise suspicion why he was all of a sudden empty-handed, he shouted with as much seriousness as he could muster without laughing; \"Oh no, the paper!\" he shouted, pointing towards the parchment blowing through the woods, the trio all turned towards Jenner, following his finger towards it. \"Oh Jenner, what the heck you do that for?\" Justin shouted with disbelief as he tried to run after the newspaper page. Sullivan watched Justin chase after the paper, then turned to Jenner, who had a wicked look in his eyes as he watched Justin tumble in the snow. Sullivan knew it was no accident. You won't reach it Jenner told himself, it's too far away, and the snow is too deep for you. Justin tried to reach the paper, but continued to stumble in the deep snow. He fell onto his face again and gave up chasing the paper, slamming his fist into the powdery snow with a curse. That's it Justin, give up. Justin looked up at Jenner; bits of snow stuck to Justin's whiskers, Jenner did his best to stifle a laugh, staring blankly at Justin. \"Explain yourself Jenner.\" Justin stood and marched toward Jenner with anger in his eyes, \"that was the evidence the colony needed to see, well out with it!\" he closed the distance and got within touching distance of Jenner's face with his, Jenner just raised his chin slightly to him. \"It just slipped from my grasp.\" Jenner shrugged lightly, not breaking eye contact from Justin. The snow stuck to his face began to melt. Justin began to chew his lip, and then relented; he spun around and flung his arms in the air, his electric stare down ended with Jenner with an exasperated sigh. \"Great, now no-one will believe us. Are you happy now Jenner?\" Very, Jenner almost said,\"No, not at all.\" \"Well let's hope the council will take our word for it.\" Justin said defeated. \"Come on, we were supposed to be back earlier, they will be worried about us.\" The rest of the walk back was dead quiet; an air of tenseness that seemed to follow them sealed everyone's opinions to themselves. It was surprising how long the walk had become, when the electricity in the air slowed time to a crawl. They eventually reached their home; the elegant curves of the rusty car protruding through the pristine white of the snow beckoned them in to warmth and loved ones. They stepped through the covered doorway to the Atrium; individuals ambling about through the hazy atmosphere busy with their own agendas until they noticed the snow glazed gathering crew shake the loose snow off their cold forms. Jonathan was the first to step through the crowd, eager for their return to kill the boredom. \"So how did it go without me?\" Jonathan, excited to see them, asked with elation. \"Well,\" Cartmen started, \"Could have been better. 'Butter Fingers' over there lost some important news.\" Cartmen Jutting his thumb over his shoulder towards Jenner in a sarcastic manner. Jenner tossed his jacket off and rushed into Cartmen's face. \"What did you call me?\" his Teeth bared. \"You heard me.\" Cartmen butted foreheads with Jenner, electricity shot from their eyes. \"I called you Butter Fingers.\" \"Whoa, whoa everybody,\" Jonathan attempted to get between the bigger beings. \"Tell me what happened before everyone comes to blows.\" \"Jenner lost a newspaper with news about NIMH in it.\" Justin blurted, throwing his wet jacket off and helping Jonathan keep the two apart. \"I said it was an accident.\" Jenner growled, still butting heads with Cartmen. \"It just slipped from my hands.\" \"I wonder Jenner; how a newspaper does just slip from your hands.\" Cartmen spat. \"What are you saying…?\" \"Alright everyone cool it.\" Justin urged, words falling on deaf ears. Jonathan was still between them, pushing on their stomachs with little reaction. \"I think you meant to drop it!\" Cartmen accused. \"Got any evidence to back that little man?\" Jenner growled from his throat. \"Stop it, both of you!\" Justin shouted. Jonathan was smashed between the two, unable to stop it or escape. \"I also heard what you said about Jennifer.\" Cartmen growled back. \"Oh did you?\" Jenner smirked. \"You stay away from her.\" Cartmen threatened, jabbing a finger into Jenner's chest. \"Or what, what are you going to do?\" \"I'll rip you're FUCKING head off!\" Cartmen let out a primal roar as he lunged for Jenner's neck, Jenner doing the same to Cartmen, tossing Jonathan aside like a toy, and the two locked in a brutal tug of war. All the changes they went through at NIMH, everything the injections changed in them, did little to change the basic instincts brought on by a fight; both rats roared and growled like wild animal as they brutally punched, bit, and scratched one another, consumed by a primal, almost feral show of their true colors. Without warning a slender light brown rat stepped into the fray; it was Bridget. With little care for her own personal safety she grabbed both fighters by their collars, brought their heads together with a dull smack, skulls connecting with bone crushing force. They both stopped clawing at each other and held their faces, groaning in pain from the collision. Bridget pushed them apart, standing between them, using her body as a block with both arms extended to stop them from continuing once they recovered. \"STOP IT, BOTH OF YOU!\" she boomed. Justin's jaw dropped, along with everyone else's watching the spectacle, the room fell dead silent, except for Jenner and Cartmen, who had collapsed onto their knees, still groaning holding their faces in pain. Bridget was strikingly beautiful, she had the eyes of every single male in the colony watching her slender form strut around, but everyone knew she was also incredibly strong and fiercely independent, and wasn't afraid to speak her mind or lay down some justice when Brutus was not quick enough to react, like in this instant. That's why no male dared try and pull a fast one on her, it wasn't uncommon for some of the males, Justin included, covering a black-eye in shame from stepping over the line with her. They learned to never cross her; she had earned the respect of everybody in those times. Justin managed to find his voice after a few moments of stunned silence. \"Thank you, Bridget.\" \"Don't thank me.\" She shot at Justin, \"It should've been you stepping in instead of me, you're the one who needs to put the pants on and put a stop to this before it got outta hand.\" \"I'm sorry Bridget, I-\" \"Don't apologize to me either; apologize to these two for me having to break their noses because you didn't act.\" She relaxed her stance, fixed her uneven ruby red tunic, turned and walked off with a huff, stopping next to Jonathan to help him up who was still stunned. Jennifer finally ran through the crowd to Cartmen once the storm had settled. \"Oh honey, sweetie are you alright?\" \"No.\" he croaked through the blood seeping between his fingers covering his face. \"Don't let the kids see me.\" \"They don't, they are asleep.\" She reassured. Helping him up on his feet, a hand dropped from his face to steady himself on her arm, blood covering his palm, revealing his mangled face. She gasped, \"We need to get you to Ages right away.\" \"Oh no,\" he grumbled, \"Not Mr. Ages, it can't be that bad is it?\" \"It's going to leave a mark.\" \"Awesome. Hey Jenner!\" he shouted weakly, spinning around on uneasy feet, \"No let it go honey, he's not worth it! Please just let it go.\" Jennifer pleaded. He patted her arm reassuringly. \"I'm done with you, you hear me? You're beneath me you piece of trash!\" Jenner didn't notice Cartmen ranting, face frozen in agony as he held his now profusely bleeding crooked nose, writhing on the ground. Cartmen turned around, and the couple continued to the engine bay. Sullivan helped carry Jenner in a few minutes later, giving him and Cartmen some space to get bandaged up. \"Now the Excitement is over.\" Jonathan tried to clear the air by changing subjects. \"What is with this 'News about NIMH'?\" turning to the still stunned Justin. He struggled to find the words with all the eyes of the colony suddenly on him, he nervously cleared his throat. \"Well, the article said something about not being able to find us in the city.\" Justin wasn't sure if he should continue to tell the rest of the article; eyes in the crowd were already beginning to go wide along with nervous murmurs. \"Is there more?\" Someone asked. \"That can't be all.\" Another said. Justin decided to spill the beans; \"No there's more; they aren't turning up any evidence we are in the city anymore, so now they are going to start searching the nearby wilderness.\" Silence gripped the crowd once more. \"So what does that mean for us?\" someone asked. \"It means nothing.\" Justin picked the words he was going to say next very carefully, \"they have a lot of ground to cover before they get anywhere near us, as long as we continue to play it smart and keep hidden from the roads and the humans at the general store, they won't be none the wiser.\" Jonathan jumped in front of Justin and continued; \"Another plus is it's the dead of winter; humans have a hard time in the deep snow, so they won't be looking for us right now, they will wait until late spring or early summer before mobilizing in force.\" \"Excellent point Jonathan,\" Nicodemus spoke from his balcony, the crowd spun to him. \"It pains me to say but we might have to extinguish the fire for safety reasons as well as be more vigilant; the smoke will attract unwanted attention from humans if they are actively searching for us. That means we will need to install the electric heater in its place.\" Justin wanted to get out of the bad situation in the air, so he suggested he and Jonathan run an extension cord from the heater all the way to the general store, Jonathan agreed, and they set out. Justin carried the bundle of plug-ins in a tight wrap around his body, while Jonathan plugged the ends together and buried the exposed wire deep in the snow, so nobody would get suspicious about a long colorful line of extension cords running from a plug on the outside of the building to an abandon car out in the wilderness. The temperature had dropped drastically since they were last outside; the cords had gotten stiff and cold, rendering them almost impossible to bend into a straight position as they worked for hours in the frigid temperatures. The steam rolling out of Jonathan's open mouth as they worked tirelessly into the night, Justin was almost asleep standing up. \"Come on buddy, don't fall asleep on my out here.\" Jonathan nudging Justin. He finished plugging in and burying another cord and was waiting for Justin to start walking to the other end. His eyes opened slowly, and he groaned. He yawned loudly, and coughed. \"Dang, it's so cold out the air takes your breath away.\" Justin wheezed. \"What time do you think it is?\" \"Oh\" Jonathan stopped and thought for a moment. \"Probably around one in the morning, give or take.\" \"Man, I am not good at staying up late.\" Justin began trundling through the snow, two cords left wrapped around his shoulder. \"How do you do it?\" \"I'm a natural night owl; this is pretty average for me.\" Jonathan shrugged as they walked. \"That's crazy; I couldn't do that every night.\" \"I don't every night, just most nights.\" \"Yeah that is so much—\" Jonathan heard a twig snap above them. \"Shhh, you hear that?\" Everyone froze, scanning the tree tops and listened; the woods were eerily silent, the light breeze making the otherworldly black frozen trees creak with every slight gust. Jonathan's ears twitched, listening for anything beyond his heartbeat and the forest. Nothing moved in the trees, and not a single sound echoed. \"What did you hear?\" Justin whispered. Jonathan didn't move, his eyes continued to scan the trees looking for any kind of movement. He finally sighed, \"Thought I heard a stick break or something.\" \"Well in this kind of cold, anything could snap.\" Justin stated. \"I guess.\" Jonathan said, still looking around. \"Let's get this over with; this place is starting to give me the creeps.\" \"Agreed, I'm frozen.\" Justin added. They had reached the end of another cord, unraveled another, and continued; one left to go, and they were so close to the store. Justin thought about telling Jonathan what else he had read in the article, what harm could it be? Actually a lot, stupid, it could do a lot of harm. \"Hey Jon,\" Justin hesitated for a moment before slowly spinning around; Jonathan had his shoulders hunched up to his ears, the red hood of his sweatshirt had bunched up along his shoulder line, obscuring what little of his neck shown, making him out to be thicker than usual. \"T-there was, a-a little more to the article. It had some news about the other mice.\" Jonathan stopped and raised his eyebrows. \"What did it say?\" He sounded curious. Justin sighed, \"There's no easy way to say this, so I'm just going to come out and say it, but they found the bodies of five of them, all chewed up from the fans.\" Jonathan physically shrank, his shoulders dropped as did his gaze. \"Oh, that sucks.\" Genuine sadness lined his voice. \"Wait, you said they found five bodies?\" excitement crept in, pushing out the sorrow. \"Yeah, five of them, the rest they think got burned up in the furnace.\" Justin quoted. \"But there were ten of us; me and Ages included, there is no way that airshaft only had one passage through all those floors.\" Jonathan began to sound hopeful. \"Maybe the other three survived?\" Justin thought about it; it there was an astronomical chance they would get blown into another corridor, the odds were against them from the start. Justin almost told Jonathan they didn't have a chance, it was more likely they all died in the furnace. But Justin didn't dare crush the last of Jonathan's spirit, so he bit his tongue, \"Maybe Jon, there is a chance.\" \"That would be really cool.\" Jonathan said. \"Maybe they managed to escape also.\" He seemed to have his hopes raised a bit. Justin just pushed the truth from his mind, and they soldiered on. The final cable reached the outside auxiliary plug in with barely two inches to spare, the plug had been on the back side of the building about Justin's level, it was low enough it could be plugged in easily enough, but just out of sight of the humans, Jasper included, that they wouldn't take notice until the snow had melted. The sky had clouded up, blocking out the full moon. It started to snow as Justin and Jonathan finished building snow up around the cord; not close enough it would short on the frozen water, but just enough so the cord was more or less covered. They began the long trek home in silence; both beings had frost buildup on their whiskers as they began to chat about hot cocoa and warm beds. Jonathan had that feeling something had been watching them since he heard the branch snap an hour ago; the feeling never subsided, and now it seemed to be almost suffocating him now on the way back, whatever it was, it used the cover of snowfall to watch from a distance. Jonathan kept glancing back, the snow had begun to fall heavily, hindering vision to only a couple yards in all directions; everything else was nothing but a grey wall after that. Sound was also deafened, their foot falls in the snow didn't echo through the empty woods, it now barely seemed like the sound pierced their own ears. Jonathan felt uneasy. \"Justin…Justin!\" Jonathan whispered as loud as he could, his voice cracking at the strain of being silent. \"What.\" Justin whispered back. \"Do you get the feeling something is watching us?\" Jonathan kept glancing over his shoulder, seeing only the gray wall behind them. \"Mmhm.\" He mumbled. \"Got a feeling something was about two yards back. Don't look around too much, whatever it is; it thinks we don't sense it. Just play it cool, and follow our footsteps, we will be home before you know it.\" Justin ears began moving from side to side, listening for the slightest sound. Jonathan kept sniffing the air, looking for an unfamiliar scent, all he could smell was fresh snowfall. \"This heavy snow is messing with my sense of smell, I can't smell a thing.\" \"Its cushioning the air too, it's hard to hear anything beside us, it's really like we're in a soundproof room isn't it.\" Justin noted. \"Wait…\" Justin stopped dead in his tracks, ears straight up, looking to his right, eyes darting around looking for something in the fog he had sensed. Jonathan's heart was pounding in his ears, an oppressive feeling in his gut was telling him danger was near, and it was going to strike soon. \"Justin, we've got to move now. \" Jonathan croaked. \"Good idea, let's start beating foot out of this place.\" They began to walk, Justin still watching his right, following their footprints in the snow, a stick snapping echoed from somewhere in the thick grey. \" Move .\" Justin breathed, their pace quickened, they began to jog, the snow slowing them down slightly. Another stick snapped, this time closer, stealth was no longer an option; whatever was chasing them knew the rodents felt the presence. \"MOVE!\" Justin shouted. Jonathan and Justin broke into a dead sprint, adrenaline pumping their legs forward throw the thick snow. A swooping noise came down next to Jonathan; the giant white blur flew past him in a cloud of snow and feathers, the air pressure generated from the creature lifting off again blew loose snow into his face, and then disappeared into the grey sky ahead of Justin. The creature had missed grabbing him by mere inches. An otherworldly scream penetrated the blinding fog, and the very fiber of Justin and Jonathan's beings, chills ran up their spines as the sound stopped as suddenly as it began. \" It's an owl !\" \"Dammit, don't stop running!\" They both dropped on all fours, and ran as fast as they could, instinct kicking in. Jonathan was having trouble keeping up with Justin as he plowed through the snow better than the smaller Jonathan. He willed every last ounce of adrenaline and stamina to push him faster and harder so he could keep up, his lungs on fire as he sucked in the cold air. Another quiet swoop came in from their left, two black razor sharp talons contrasting the white feathers of the bird's outstretched wings grasped for them through the blinding snow. The sharp claws missed and instead caught the ground between them, but kicked up enough snow in Jonathan's way he tripped, tumbling end over end, seeing nothing but white as he lost his senses. He stopped tumbling, bitter cold clinging to his fur under his jacket and sweater, but he didn't care as he pushed himself to run to catch up with Justin, his legs feeling like lead. He struggled to see Justin's footprints in the snow, and a harder time seeing the mound of the buried cord, the fresh snow covering their tracks. Suddenly the tracks stopped and the cord mound disappeared; Jonathan found himself running blind. Oh no. Adrenaline was still coursing through his veins as he ran full speed through the forest, the owl flying above out of sight. Jonathan resisted the ever present urge to look over his shoulder, knowing all too well it would slow him down and the owl would capitalize on his mistake. He had no idea what direction to go in; sinking into deep snowdrifts as he tried to dart in a random zigzag pattern to throw the predator off. The muscles in his back began to recoil, as if they themselves knew the beast was striking. Jonathan dove right, and it missed. Disappearing into the sky once more. How far away am I from the car? I can't last much longer out in the open like this! His thoughts racing as he struggled to get back up to speed, his muscles crying out in anguish. He spotted an icicle hanging from a low branch, he darted for it as he jumped and ripped it from its perch. He had a weapon, in case the owl managed to catch him. It was only a matter of time. The screech echoed through the forest again, Jonathan desperately ran along the forest floor looking for the path along the wires. God I hope I'm going in the right direction, God I hope I'm going in the right direction. He repeated to himself. The path came into view a second too late; he barely spotted the path in front of him, fresh footprints going north. Jonathan was running east. He tried to stop from a full sprint to face the right direction, his foot dug deep into the snow, stopping suddenly and without warning, then buckled, flinging him through the air. He felt a searing hot pain shoot up his leg as he fell onto his back in the snow, rolling several times out of control, disappearing into a snow bank with a plumb of snow. He cried out in anguish, he knew his foot was broken. His leg was covered in snow, but he could see the sickly angle his grey foot was twisted in, protruding from the pristine white. \"Justin!\" he shouted out of desperation, hoping he was in earshot. \"I need help!\" his voice cracking from the cold air filling his lungs. Jonathan heard the screech. He followed the noise straight above him. The creature swooped out of the sky like the snow angel of Death, eyes glowing, towards the helpless mouse. Black deathly talons like scythes dove for his flesh. Every fiber of his being froze solid, shielding his eyes with his arms as the creature grabbed him. In a flash of snow and feathers, Jonathan found himself weightless and disoriented. The owl had him in its left claw as it took off for the sky with its wounded prey. Jonathan hadn't realized he had his eyes tightly shut, feeling the sting of sharp points through his thick clothing; he opened his eyes to immediately close them. The wind and falling snow stung his eyes as they began to water from the intense chill. His hands were cold, but they still functioned; his left still holding the icicle. He tried to wiggle free, but the owl felt him struggle and tightened its grip on him. The talons dug further into his frame, his scream drowned out by the wind. He felt for the scaly limbs on the owl, he found a knuckle, and then followed it up farther to a joint. That's where I'm driving my point home. He gripped the icicle in both hands, and raised it above him. And brought it down on what he hoped would be the creature's knee. It missed, glance its flesh; the owl released an ear piercing shriek from the pain. Jonathan opened his eyes to a squint to see how far off he was; just a half inch over. The owl tightened its grip further. The pain was unbearable, but Jonathan blocked it out best he could. Adrenaline had returned to his battered body once more, and Jonathan brought the broken pointed icicle up again, and drove it home with a guttural roar. The improvised weapon sank deep, Jonathan feeling tendon and bone break as it buried itself deep into the knee. The owl shrieked again, and finally its grip relented, and Jonathan felt himself freefalling. He tumbled and spun through the air uncontrollably, holding his limbs as close to his body as he could manage. Air escaped his lungs as he tried to scream, his vision began to fade as the black lifeless tree limbs came quickly into his restricted view. The branches scratched at his fur, flesh and tattered remains of his jackets. He tucked into a ball as best he could to shield himself from the merciless freefall through the tree tops. A thick branch caught Jonathan square in his mid-section, the air knocked out of him in a grunt. It had slowed his descent as he fell unconscious. He landed on the hood of the car with a reverberating thud, and slide off the side onto the abandoned courtyard in a crumpled bloody heap. It continued to snow. Bridget woke up from her sleep, a loud bang interrupting a nightmare she was experiencing, Jonathan's in trouble and hurt, I know it. She prayed as she looked around; Justin wasn't back yet, she would have heard him snoring, and Jon wasn't at his place in his cot across from her; the cot was empty. The room began to fill with murmurs as others were jarred from their sleep. There not back yet? She wondered as her heart pounded in her chest. She jumped out of her cot in the sleeping quarters and threw on a thin white long-sleeve windbreaker, fumbling with buttoning it twice across her chest, and ran out into the dark Atrium. Nicodemus was already dressed and about to step outside when he noticed Bridget running at him; fear filling her chocolate eyes. \"Nicodemus, what…what was that noise.\" She asked, fear quivering in her tone. \"I'm afraid I know all too well child; brace yourself for what you're about to see.\" He warned. Bridget held her breath, oh dear God don't let my nightmare come true. As Nicodemus opened one of the large double doors separating the cold winter night from them. A lantern in his hand cast a faint orange glow on the falling snow as they peeked out from the door, and scanned the courtyard. \"Follow me.\" Nicodemus whispered, as they moved in the direction of the sound, hugging the dark wall of the car as they walked, the snow crunching under their feet. A small dark unmoving lump covered in snow protruded up from the flat ground that was the courtyard. Bridget's blood ran cold and her heart stopped as the lantern grew harsh shadows over the mound. Small patches of grey and crimson fur stuck out between a glazing of snow, a brown tattered vest and red stained sweatshirt shown underneath. The snow under the figure stained red. It was Jonathan. Her nightmare had become real. \" Jesus Christ, Jonathan!\" she screamed. She darted out from behind Nicodemus and ran to the lump. She gingerly brushed the snow off his small cold form. She froze, covering her mouth so she wouldn't scream; he was in tatters. The grisly scratches and puncture wounds all over him shown as black holes under what remained of his tattered clothes and grey fur, his was face down, one eye barely visible above the snow, semi closed, his ears were frost covered, a small triangular chunk missing from his right. She couldn't hold back the tears any longer. She never cried, she was too strong to, but after the horrors at NIMH and losing her family, and now the closest thing she had to a sibling was dead, it was the last straw that broke the camel's back. She cried hard, burying her face in what was left of Jonathan's back, muffling her screams; she didn't care she was getting covered in blood, it was his blood, nobody else's. Nicodemus approached from behind, the lantern swaying in his grasp from the wind. His great glowing eyes were dim, a tear shed for the poor girl and Jonathan. He glanced at the figure in the snow, a faint blue outlined around his form, his soul still lingered. Then Nicodemus saw it. A single pulse traveled his body. Followed by another; it was his heart. It was still beating weakly. \"Jericho!\" Nicodemus yelled above the wind towards the open door; a crowd had gathered at the door trying to get a look at what was out in the courtyard. A small tan mouse pushed his way through the crowd till he was outside. \"Is that—\" \"Jonathan. Yes, hurry we haven't got much time.\" Nicodemus interjected. The portly mouse hopped through the snow, steam puffing out his open mouth as he made it to them and saw the grisly scene. \"Oh dear Lord.\" Ages covered his mouth with a hand, stifling his churning stomach. \"Is he still alive?\" \"Yes but we must act quickly!\" Nicodemus spoke with urgency. Bridget stopped crying and looked up at Nicodemus with bloodshot eyes, hope returning. \"Someone!\" she yelled, her heavenly voice shaky and quivering. \"Get a blanket, and hurry!\" all signs of sorrow and heartbreak gone, replaced with the calm and cool confidence that only Bridget could muster. She needed to be strong for her friend; breaking down now would do nobody any good, especially Jonathan. Brutus brought a crisp white blanket, and Ages with Bridget's help wrapped his broken form, the blanket quickly turning red and mud covered. They gingerly carried him into Ages' work shop, which doubled as a med clinic for everyone. Ages pushed a number of small beakers and cups holding chemicals on a table onto the floor, the containers broke as they hit the cold floor, and they placed Jonathan on the now clear surfaced table. Bridget took a step back as Ages took over, doing what he did best. He grabbed a pair of sheers and cut what was left of his clothes from the collar down, and ripped them off in one motion. Bridget gasped at the grisly sight under the clothes; grey fur spotted crimson with cuts, scrapes, and puncture wounds all over him. Some of them were still bleeding quit bad. \"Is there something I can do Mr. Ages?\" Bridget couldn't help but ask. \"Right now the best thing for you to do is stay out of the way.\" Ages calmly replied; he was fully focusing at the job at hand. Sterilizing a needle and thread and retrieving a roll of first aid bandages to seal the worst cuts and gashes that still continued to bleed. \"You can pray for him.\" Ages turned and looked Bridget in the eye with cold seriousness. \"He is going to need all the help he can get.\" He set on working the wounds closed. Jonathan's face was still devoid of color, a pasty white that blended with the disheveled grey fur on his face, bits of snow still clinging to his eyelashes and nose, barely melting to room temperature. He looked dead. Bridget stifled the lump growing in her throat; she excused herself from the room, glancing one last time at Jonathan. \"Pray for him, get everyone in on it, just try and will him to live, I'll do the best I can.\" Ages reminded as she closed the door behind her quietly. Nicodemus was pacing the Atrium hall to Mr. Age's lab, his cane clicking on the hard surface as he walked; he turned to see her step out of the room. \"What is his prognosis?\" Nicodemus asked, clicking towards her. \"I don't know.\" Bridget choked, holding back tears. \"Pray for him, that's all Mr. Ages said.\" \"Then I shall child.\" Nicodemus spoke gravely. Silence fell on the Atrium. Suddenly a great crash broke the silence again, this time it was the Atrium doors leading to the courtyard. Justin had tripped into the car; snow billowed through the open doors as they followed the white and brown figure in. \"Justin!\" Nicodemus and Bridget said in unison. The brown being collapsed onto the floor, Bridget and Nicodemus had to shut the doors for Justin, as he was too weak to move. \"Justin, are you alright?\" Nicodemus asked. Justin was gasping for air as he tried to summon the words, \"I…I've been running…running from a…an owl.\" He got up on his knees and shook like a dog, the snow flew everywhere, and he continued to explain; \"I've been looking for Jonathan, we got separated as we ran from the thing; last I saw him…he…he got caught by the owl.\" He rubbed the bridge of his nose with his hand; eyes squeezed shut as he struggled to regain normal breathing. \"We know.\" Bridget said. \"What? How did-\" \"He got here before you did, the owl…I don't know.\" Her gaze fell to the floor, \"He's in really bad shape, and Mr. Ages is trying everything to keep him alive.\" \"Oh…\" Justin slumped, \"Oh no.\" Nicodemus had been lost to the conversation. Something was pressing on his subconscious; he turned to the broken windshield that was still holding onto the car. The small glass crystals glistened in the cold snow. Then he saw a glint beyond the snow. \"Justin, Bridget. I would advise you cover your eyes.\" He urged. \"What? Why?\" They both questioned. \"We are about to get a visitor.\" Nicodemus stood like a statue as the crystalline shards exploded around him, bouncing off the metallic floor. The windshield had exploded into a thousand shards, Justin and Bridget covered them the best they could as shards bounced off their bodies. Nicodemus remained unmoved as the glass settled, and the creature that broke into their home struggled to hold itself right; one of its legs was bleeding badly from under its white and grey spotted feathers, it wings beating furiously, blasting the terrified occupants with strong gusts of wind. The creature shrieked as it stood perched on the hood, scanning the gathering crowd with hunger and anger. \"Why have you come into our sanctum?\" Nicodemus spoke as he stood unmoved by the owl, showing no fear as he glared straight into its massive glowing eyes. \"I have come to retrieve what is rightfully mine.\" Jonathan woke up, he couldn't feel anything. Then he felt everything. He was awash with this incredible cold, it seemed to chill him to the bone and beyond. What followed was extreme pain, everything was sore, throbbing pain, or completely numb. His body didn't know what to do, it started to shiver as a reaction to the most glaring issue; it was cold. \"Jonathan you're shivering, this isn't good.\" A shaky, gravelly voice said, sounding very far away. Jonathan kept feeling above all of the overwhelming senses he was experiencing; a small pinch that seemed to travel along his arm in a line. He tried to move, but everything was weighed down, he couldn't move a muscle. \"Brisby whatever you do, don't fall asleep or move; I'm trying to stitch most of the cuts and stab wounds that owl gave you. I really don't want to cause any more damage.\" All right, Jonathan tried to say, but they stopped in his throat. He noticed he couldn't see either, huh, wonder why. He tried to open his lids, but they too were being held down by something, the world? Why am I so heavy? Jonathan couldn't shake the incredible cold, it just wouldn't go away. He tried to will it away, block it from his mind; it was like falling asleep in a cold room without any blankets, then waking up the next morning frozen. Jonathan felt the pinches stop, then it sounded like someone was cutting cloth, or maybe tearing it. The sounds began to echo more and more, I'm so tired. Jonathan decided to take a nap, maybe he would feel better if-. \"No Brisby, I said don't fall asleep, come on man, stay with me!\" the voice called out and he felt a stern hand shake his shoulder. It's alright; I won't be asleep for long. I just want to grab forty winks. Jonathan started to feel warm, like someone had finally put a blanket on him in the cold room. He sighed, thank you; I was starting to wonder how I would hold off the cold. \"Brisby!\" the voice shouted. It seemed to drift farther away, but Jonathan didn't care. I'm finally warm. I'm finally warm. The weight was lifted off him, it was relieving; like taking off a wet jacket once you're inside where it is dry and warm. The warmth enveloped him; it was so fantastic, even the pain had disappeared. That was the best part, whatever was hurting before was suddenly gone. He felt weightless as a brilliant light formed at the end of the tunnel he didn't know he was in, it seemed to beckon him forward. With the weight gone, he decided to walk towards it. \"Damn, I'm losing him!\" Jericho had begun to bandage the larger wounds with medical wraps, sterilizing the areas as best he could as he endlessly stitched cut after cut, then bandaged them. There was nothing he could do for the internal injuries that were surly present, but he could stop the ones on the outside. It was an unpleasant surprise when he heard Jonathan groan; that meant he was coming to, and he was still bleeding, half frozen, and now without any dry clothes. He was starting to go into shock. No, no, no! This is the worst possible time for you to start waking up Brisby! Ages quickly began to panic, no you old fool; now is not the time for panic. There was a great crash from outside the med bay, Ages jumped at the incredible noise. He almost went to investigate, but he stifled the curiosity and turned his attention back to the matter that was most pressing. There was nothing Jericho could do to stop Jonathan from waking up, he couldn't just hit him over the head, and any more traumas could kill him. It was a miracle he wasn't dead already; the cold had slowed his heart rate and blood flow enough so he wouldn't bleed to death. But now it was killing him as the cold gave way, and the blood began to flow freely once again, and Jericho couldn't get him a blanket, he couldn't mend the wounds while they were under blankets. Damn, everything is failing; this is the worst case scenario. Jonathan released a long ragged breath, and fell still. \"No! Brisby don't you dare give up on me.\" Jericho worked quickly; the rest of the cuts had to wait. He had to get Jonathan's body warm again and fast, before his brain had completely shut down all its last functions. Most importantly he had to restart Jonathan's heart. He grabbed some thick blankets, threw them on top of Jonathan's body and hopped up on the table himself. He straddled Jonathan's body and began to perform CPR. You are not giving up on me, not this easily. Jonathan had made it through the tunnel, and found himself lying on a couch. It felt so familiar, like one of the couches he frequented when he came back from scouting runs and huddled up to the fire pit, Bridget bringing him some soup, and he would sit alone. But this time he wasn't alone. An outline of a figure sat above him, its soft lined face blocked out by the light from above, his eyes adjusted to the light slowly, and details began to emerge. It was a small figure; the frame was small and frail, the fur covering its body was a soft brown with a tan oval forming a perfect circle from its stomach, up its chest, under the short soft muzzle, and finally coming in full circle around the left eye. The large soft emerald green gems met Jonathan's brown ones. He smiled; he could never forget those beautiful eyes as long as he lived. \" Grace.\" Jonathan breathed. He felt her soft hand ran through his thick fur on his head, the other resting on his cheek, he couldn't help but rest his head on it. It was a long needed paradise. \" Hello Jon.\" She said with her smooth heavenly tone, made more heavenly by a faint echo that rang through his ears. A small soft smile formed on the corner of her flawless face. \" Where are we?\" Jonathan asked weakly, the wounds that covered his body were gone, but he still felt too weak to move. He didn't want to move anyway, he was perfectly content to be with her. \" With each other, that's all that's important.\" She replied, still stroking his head. \" You look wonderful.\" Jonathan commented with a smile. Every hair on her body swayed with a gentle breeze Jonathan couldn't feel, she looked just like she did when they met. She was flawless; no signs of any imperfection from NIMH had followed her here. She smiled and quietly laughed. She leaned in close, Jonathan's heart beat tripled. Their noses touched, for one brief moment, Jonathan couldn't stop getting lost in her eyes. Two green oceans without imperfections, looking back at his, her gaze was so soft and warm. A twinge of sorrow found its way into paradise. \" I miss you, God I am so sorry I couldn't save you from NIMH.\" Jonathan whispered. Her gaze never left his, but he could see the sorrow form in her eyes. \"I miss you too Jon, please don't be sorry; there was nothing you could have done. I'm finally free of them, and I don't want this moment spoiled on apologizes. I wish this moment would never end.\" Her eyes closed for a moment, holding back a tear. \" Why does it have to?\" Jonathan questioned, it wasn't fair it had to end, who decided it had to end. \" Because, it's too soon for you.\" Her voice had a slight quiver to it. Her eyes had opened again, finding Jonathan's. \"They gave us one moment before you go back.\" \" What? Who?\" Jonathan was completely stuck in a trance, her sweet smell overwhelming every sense. \" Just one moment.\" She whispered again. He couldn't stand it any longer, he found enough strength to raise his head, with her help, and she rested her forehead on his. She was so warm, so full of life, her eyes were so close, and Jonathan almost felt like he was going to fall right into them if she opened them. \" What do you mean it's too soon?\" Jonathan whispered, Grace sniffled once, then opened the curtains to her gaze. \" It's not your time yet, they're going to give you another chance.\" Happiness returned to voice, her eyes lit up. A weak smile grew on her lips. \" But I don't want another chance; I want to be here with you.\" He pouted. \" You will, but not right now.\" She said. \"I want you to do me a favor.\" She caressed his cheek. \" Name it, I will do it.\" He reached up and held her hand, pressing it against his cheek for a moment longer. \" I want you to live your life to the fullest, even if it's without me.\" She spoke softly. \" I'll try Grace; for you.\" She held a finger to his mouth. \"Don't use me as an excuse, do it for you.\" \" I'll try.\" He said again, suddenly winded. It seemed to be harder and harder to speak as the moments passed by. She raised her head from his, and raised it to the white sky; she seemed to be intently listening, then she sighed, and nodded, and returned her gaze back to Jonathan. \" It's almost time for you to go.\" She whispered. Her voice echoed in his ears for a moment. \" I don't want to.\" He grumbled. He started to feel cold. \" Don't worry,\" She said mournfully, \"I won't be going anywhere, and when you do finally come back, I will be here waiting.\" She began to pull her hand away from Jonathan's; he let it go with little resistance, their fingertips gliding over one another's for a small eternity before finally separating. She placed her hand on his chest, the area around her hand began to glow a heavenly white on his chest. He jolted at her touch, the air knocked out of him as he came to a rest a moment later. He started to panic as he stared into her eyes one last time, her gaze and reassuring smile told him everything would be okay. He jolted again; the cold began to return to him. The couch began to disintegrate slowly around them, until there was nothing but black, Jonathan and Grace were the last things left in the cold space. Then he began to slowly disintegrate, a tingling sensation followed his body as he began to fade away. \" I love you.\" He managed to whisper with the last of his strength to Grace before she completely faded away; before she did she nodded and smiled. She disappeared, and Jonathan found himself plummeting into the dark. \"Hah, I got a heartbeat! Yes, Brisby, can you hear me?\" All the warmth and smell of Grace had left him, instead it was replaced with the overwhelming cold and pain that wracked his body, the pain was so extreme. He managed to take in a deep ragged breath; his lungs ached as they filled to capacity. He had left the peace and tranquil place with Grace, and found himself back in the imperfect realm of the living; pain, suffering, and hardship were the norm again. His eyelids felt like lead as he forced to open his eyes, water blotch his vision as he tried to blink the fog away. The blinds restricting the sides of his view pulled back slowly, revealing a portly tan figure standing over him, out of breath as he glanced with elation at the sight of an alive and breathing Jonathan. He found it so hard to breathe, it was incredibly labor intensive. Ages jumped down off the table and threw another blanket on Jonathan, who started to shiver once more. \"You're not out of the woods yet Jonathan; right now focus on regaining your strength.\" Ages assured. \"Ages…\" Jonathan whispered. \"Don't speak too much, save your strength.\" \"Please tell me you didn't do mouth-to-mouth.\" Jonathan managed to chuckle. \"No need to.\" Ages said dryly. \"Now shut up and go to sleep, its safe now.\" Ages began to clean up, putting wraps away and placing a bloody needle in a metal pan and tossing it into an improvised sink. \"Something's going on outside, can I trust you to stay in bed and not go anywhere?\" Ages turned to Jonathan, who had fallen asleep, snoring slightly. Good, he won't go anywhere then. There was still a commotion going on outside Ages' office, he kept hearing Nicodemus speak with an authoritative tone; it doesn't sound like a council meeting, and besides there aren't any scheduled tonight. Ages put on a light coat, and pushed the door separating his space from the Atrium, and was immediately struck silent at what was at his door, his jaw fell on the floor in surprise and terror. A large bleeding talon was mere inches away from him, thick muscles twitching in anticipation rippled under the otherworldly skin, a wing flapped above him and Ages reeled back at the wind generated. Sweet Mother of Mary, it's an owl! He resisted the urge to turn and run as its head and eyes turned as one to glower above him. \"You are not my prize.\" The owl scoffed. \"Nobody is your prize owl!\" Nicodemus boomed. \"The mouse is a member of our colony, and we say you cannot possess him!\" The owl clicked its beak, and then shrieked. \"You have no authority over what transpired outside of your home, rat . The mouse has wounded me, and I have wounded him, I am now bound by blood to take his life!\" The owl furiously beat its wings; the wind blew the crowd back as anxious voices echoed through the wind. Nicodemus stood unfazed; the owl leaned in close to Nicodemus and clicked its beak as its gaze met Nicodemus, he dared to challenge the owl. \"I may have no say to what transpired outside of my home.\" Nicodemus spoke loudly and with authority. \"But we are now inside my home, you conform to our rules. Leave this place with nothing now.\" The owl bellowed, the roar pierced through the rat's colony and echoed into the dark of night. The owl was furious, but Nicodemus held his ground as it tore through the chamber. The owl finally calmed, though it was breathing raggedly and still fuming. It leaned towards Nicodemus again, and spoke with toxicity. \"What is your name, rat?\" He hissed. \"My name is Nicodemus, and what may I call you?\" He asked. \"That is unimportant.\" The owl stared at Nicodemus with a wary eye, \"Were you in row 6, category one?\" Nicodemus was dumb struck; that was my rank and cage number at NIMH. How does he know that? \"Yes.\" Nicodemus replied hesitantly . \"How do you know…?\" \"Come to my home in the morning, I will explain everything.\" The owl dodged the answer. \"Why would I come to your home, you would eat me.\" Nicodemus said. \"Do not peg me as a simpleton owl—\" \"I do not eat during the day, you will be safe.\" It interjected. \"And come alone.\" \"How can I take the word of my predator?\" Nicodemus almost said with sarcasm, \"How would I find your home?\" \"Find the tree with the bones underneath.\" It said chillingly, \"And you will just have to take my word for it, wont you?\" The owl cackled, and flew off. The bizarre moment had ended, just as abruptly as it started. Nicodemus finally relaxed his stance, and hunched over to a more comfortable slouch for his back. \"Nicodemus, what on earth just happened? How did that bird know your cage number and everything?\" Justin had approached warily and finally had the courage to speak. \"I'm not sure Justin.\" Nicodemus admitted. \"It's all very strange, but maybe he will explain when I go in the morning, once the sun is directly out.\" \"You're not going to believe that are you?\" \"I don't have much of a choice; he will most certainly return and kill us all if I don't accept the invitation.\" Nicodemus had said gravely. \"Well we can't just send you in unarmed and alone, that's absurd!\" Justin defended. It was true, there was no way to defend himself from a predator that's twice his size and nearly three times stronger. And if Nicodemus didn't go and the owl returned, they had no weapons to defend themselves from the reprisal. It was such an awkward position to be in; Nicodemus couldn't think about it anymore, he was mentally and physically exhausted with the whole ordeal. \"We will address it tomorrow, now we must rest and prepare. Brutus, perhaps you could be my bodyguard for the commute tomorrow?\" Nicodemus turned to the colossal rat that nearly stood twice as tall as everyone in the colony. Brutus sternly nodded, not saying a word. \"Well that is settled, I'm going to see Jonathan, and then I'm going to bed.\" Justin opened his mouth to speak, but only managed a croak. He gave up trying to speak; he remained silent then settled with just nodding, and followed in Nicodemus' wake to Mr. Ages, who barely had recovered from an owl just bearing down on him. \"Oh, N-Nicodemus,\" Ages said, still shocked by the events. \"W-w-what can I do for you, mix a strong drink perhaps?\" Ages removed the glasses on his pale face with a shaky hand, and cleaned a lens with his shirt. He was shaking so violently he bent the frames on his spectacles. \" Confound it ! I sure could use a strong drink right now.\" He mumbled. \"I will have to pass friend.\" Nicodemus held his hand up. \"But I would like to see Jonathan. Is that possible?\" Ages regained some of his composure, and placed the bent glasses on the bridge of his nose. \"He's asleep right now, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt. Just be quiet.\" Ages looked around Nicodemus and squinted through his skewed glasses. \"And that means you too, Justin and Bridget.\" Bridget snuck up behind Justin, and was surprised to hear her name, suspecting it was all going to be aimed at him. He jumped when she spoke from behind him low and softly, \"Got it Mr. Ages.\" Justin recovered and nodded. Ages beckoned them into the unassuming chamber; Jonathan dominated the dark area, a large lantern glowed above them. He was laying on his back, wrapped in white, brown, and plaid colored blankets. His face was still a sickly white, but it was easy to see he was still breathing. From the looks of him he was having a fitful and uncomfortable sleep; his breathing was quick and he had a rasp when he inhaled. Justin swallowed, and the color drained from his face. \"Damn, I am so sorry Jon.\" Justin moved towards the battered figure and dropped his head, \"Is there anything we can do to ease his suffering?\" Ages gathered the question was aimed at him. \"Well I'm not stocked up like the human hospitals. He needs antibiotics to fight the infections he will most certainly get, and probably some painkillers, for, well, the pain.\" Ages stated. \"It's going to be very touch-and-go without those.\" \"I'll get them, hold on two seconds.\" Justin darted out of the room, slapped his sopping wet jacket back on, and sprinted into the snowy night towards the general store. \"You're going to let him go Nicodemus?\" Bridget blurted out. \"That owl is still out there!\" \"The owl is hurt, he won't be out hunting, as for Justin, let him go.\" Nicodemus sighed. \"He blames Jonathan's situation as his own fault; if this is the way he thinks he can get atonement, so be it.\" Nicodemus couldn't hold his eyelids open anymore; he excused himself and went to his bedroom. Bridget just threw her arms up. \"Let's all just lose our heads at once, god I just want this nightmare over with.\" She cursed and stormed off towards the med bay, to help Ages in any way she could with Jonathan. Dawn broke over the horizon. The car was still in shambles from the invader last night, individuals meandered about cleaning up the shards of glass and others tried to patch the massive space the windshield left behind. The electric heater worked overtime to heat the structure as evenly as the wood fire, the heating elements within the machine glowed an angry orange. Nobody slept well that evening; the broken windshield released most of the heat into the winter air. Everyone had to bundle up extra to stave off the biting cold. Bridget and Ages had fetched the last of the blankets for Jonathan, everyone else took the rest, Bridget and Ages had to wrap extra clothing around them for a fitful night sleep. Justin had returned in the early morning before the sun rose, arms holding two pill bottles; one an antibiotic, the other generic pain relievers. He slept on an Atrium couch. Justin was woken by the noise of sweeping brooms and chatter. He groaned as he sat up, and rubbed his face. His hair on top of his head stuck out in odd directions, and his body was cold. He heard someone yawn as they approached. It was Bridget, dark purple rings surrounded her blood shot eyes, her hair was unkempt; flat on one side of her head, and the other side of her hair looked as if it was trying to escape. It was an out of the ordinary look for Bridget, who would spend hours grooming herself to perfection, but today was different, Justin couldn't help but chuckle. She shot him a look. \"What's so funny?\" She groaned, blinking while scratching her cheek. \"Sleep well?\" He asked as he stretched. \"No.\" She grumbled. \"Gave the last blankets to Jonathan, and Ages is a hermit. He disappeared into his room and left me in the med bay with nothing but my clothes and a hard pillow.\" She feigned breaking down into tears. \"Why do you ask?\" \"That look, it suits you.\" He snickered. \"Trying out a new Vogue style suggestion?\" \"Wha...\" She looked at him confused as he pointed to her head. She hesitantly lifted a paw to her hair, and a shocked expression shot across her face. Justin let out a groggy laugh as she retracted her hand and gasped. She quickly recovered and sternly motioned slapping Justin. \"All right, all right, I'll stop.\" He covered his face from the threat, and wiped a tear from his eye. \"Still though, keep that, it looks good on you.\" She fired her rebuttal. \"Mine is better than yours at least.\" She turned her lip to him. Justin raised an eyebrow and felt his head; what his fingers felt what his eyes could not see was utter chaos upon his head. He tried to hide the terrified expression on his face. It didn't work as Bridget began to exuberantly laugh at him. \"Hey guys, what's so funny?\" A rat had approached the two warring factions; a dark tan portly fellow with two hideously swollen black eyes, a bandage around his nose, and several bruises and band aids dotted everywhere around his face. It was Cartmen. He smiled with missing teeth as he approached. \"Whoa.\" Justin's jaw dropped. Bridget gasped and covered her mouth. \"What?\" Cartmen asked, glancing between the two with confusion at their expressions, oblivious to his own appearance. \"Wow, you guys look like crap.\" Cartmen commented, chuckling at their disheveled appearances. It had been just several hours ago since his fight with Jenner, and Jennifer had bandaged what she could after Bridget stepped in and stopped it. Cartmen hadn't been seen since the incident, hiding in shame in his quarters with Jennifer. He had finally come out and started to socialize. \"Hey Cartmen,\" Justin didn't make eye contact as he nervously scratched the back of his neck. \"How, um, how are you feeling?\" \"Better then how you guys look.\" He laughed, and then grimaced as he flexed wounded muscles from laughing. \"Cartmen, I am so sorry.\" Bridget stepped forward and carefully cupped Cartmen's cheek, he reeled from her touch. \"Oh my God, I'm sorry!\" She apologized and retracted her hand, and instead held her head. \"Don't worry about it.\" Cartmen waved his hand at her, face scrunched in pain, \"You did what you had to do, and I was stupid and stooped to Jenner's level, I deserved it. You had every right Bridget.\" He sighed as the pain dulled. \"Oh I hope Jennifer isn't mad at me.\" Bridget's voice wavered. \"Nah she isn't, she actually wants to thank you for stepping in.\" \"About that…\" Justin stood from the couch, and walked in front of Cartmen, \"I'm sorry for not stopping it either.\" Cartmen just scoffed and waved his hand again. \"Like I said, don't worry about it. I actually wanted to talk to you about something Justin.\" \"Me? About what?\" Justin asked. \"It's about Jenner…\" Cartmen whispered, he glanced around, and then leaned in close to Justin and Bridget's faces. \"There's something about him that doesn't sit right with me.\" \"Is it because he lost the newspaper?\" Justin said. \"Or is it because of the fight?\" Cartmen looked at Justin with a serious look. \"Both. But no there's something else; I don't know what it is about him.\" Cartmen looked around again to make sure Jenner wasn't in earshot; he hadn't been seen since Sullivan carried him off to Ages, but if Cartmen was out maybe Jenner was too. Jenner and Sullivan didn't seem to be anywhere in sight, so Cartmen started whispering again, \"I get the feeling he is pure evil.\" \"That's absurd Cartmen.\" Justin scoffed; Cartmen looked at Justin with disbelief. \"He's just odd, him and Sullivan, but I'm sure he's harmless.\" \"That's the thing Justin…\" Cartmen got serious again. \"It's the quiet odd ones that snap one day and brings a shotgun to work. They're the ones you want to watch for.\" Justin hadn't thought of that, his blood ran cold at the thought of one of his own going rogue. Cartmen saw his expression change. \"Not trying to scare the living daylights outta you, but look at the facts; He objects to telling important news to the colony, he always objected to us moving when we lived in the city, and I know he let go of that news article, I saw it in his eyes. And on top of that him and Sullivan, that's got weird written all over it.\" \"All right Cartmen, I'll keep a vigilant eye on them. But I still say you are overreacting.\" Justin crossed his arms and shifted on his feet. \"That's the least you can do, Justin.\" Cartmen nodded, and he walked away from the group with a wave. \"Oh by the way.\" He spun on his heels and ran back to the group. \"I still want to be in the guards.\" \"You sure, Jenner didn't put you off of joining?\" Justin asked apprehensively. \"Nah, I can avoid him, that's easy. So what do you say; did I pass?\" Cartmen started to shake with anticipation. Justin paused for dramatic effect and to leave Cartmen in suspense. \"Yes you can join. Welcome to the guards, Cartmen!\" Justin took Cartmen's hand, and they shared a stern handshake. \"If you don't mind Justin, I would like to start when this heals up…\" he painted a circle in the air with his finger around his head. \"Noted, get yourself back to one hundred percent, then report to me for your first assignment.\" Justin mocked a drill sergeant. \"Yes, Sir Justin, sir!\" Cartmen stood up straight and snapped a crisp salute, with a mocking grin on his face. \"Oh, by the way, you guys seeing Jonathan today?\" Cartmen said, letting his hand drop. \"I was,\" Bridget replied. \"Once I get myself cleaned up, I don't know what Justin's doing.\" \"I'm going to poke my head in, but I can't stick around for long, Nicodemus is going to need some supplies if he's crazy enough to see that owl alone.\" \"Crazy is a polite way of putting it.\" Cartmen said. \"I would put it more like—\" \"Hello everyone, Cartmen it is so nice to see you out and about!\" A voice boomed from behind. The group jumped, surprised to see Nicodemus sneak up behind without a sound. \"Cartmen, how are you today?\" \"Fine, Nicodemus.\" Cartmen said pleasantly, biting his tongue to what he was going to say about Nicodemus. \"That is good, that is good. Justin, may I speak to you?\" Nicodemus beckoned Justin forward as he walked. \"Nicodemus, if this about what we were talking about…\" \"… I completely agree, what I am about to do is mad, but that is not the reason I want to talk to you.\" \"What is it?\" Justin asked perplexed. \"I want you to keep an eye on Jonathan. If he wakes up, do not tell him anything about what transpired last night, its best if he doesn't know for now.\" \"I understand Nicodemus.\" Justin nodded. \"Thank you, now I must be on my way to the owl's home. Hold the place down while I'm gone Justin.\" \"No guarantees about that.\" Justin sarcastically said. Nicodemus turned his head slowly and stared at Justin with raised eyebrows. \"I'm serious Justin…\" \"Okay, okay! It's just a joke.\" Justin threw his arms up in defeat, still slyly smiling. Nicodemus grumbled, and motioned toward Brutus, who was standing nearby, \"Brutus, I am heading out, will you please accompany me?\" The large rat nodded, and him and Nicodemus left for the owls home, Justin was left behind, he decided to poke his head in and check up on Jonathan, who was still asleep, then continue on his guard duty. Jonathan was sitting in a field, a light summer breeze blew across his face, ruffling his fur. The sky was dusk orange, the sun poking above the rolling hills as a bright orange ember. The field had just been harvested; the smell of fresh cut grass and corn stalks flooded his nose, it was a calming smell, nothing like the stink that the city possessed. The scene was so surreal, so peaceful, Jonathan couldn't help but feel relaxed as he laid back and closed his eyes. Then he felt a hand touch his arm, he reluctantly opened one eye, and saw a beautiful brown figure sitting beside him, but it wasn't Grace. It was odd; this figure wasn't the same shade as Grace, this one was lighter, and the eyes were a completely different color. They eyes made his heart skip a beat, they weren't the endless emerald he was so used to; these were a deep ocean blue that seemed to hypnotize him. He felt himself get lost in them. Suddenly the spell was broken; the field they were in was ablaze, black smoke enveloping the sun. The figure Jonathan was with bounded away, jumping through the fire and out of view. Jonathan couldn't move or shout for help, as the fire began to engulf him… He shook himself awake, no longer in the burning fields. Instead he was in a dark room, a single lantern shone above illuminating four figures in a soft yellow glow; he spotted Ages, who was holding his wrist, checking for a pulse. Bridget, who had a disheveled appearance, but attempted to tame the wild hair growing on her head, Justin was pacing behind her, mumbling to himself. And Nicodemus, who noticed Jonathan stirring, and exclaimed at the sight. \"Ah Jonathan, you are awake!\" Nicodemus beamed. Ages looked up from his concentrated focus on Jonathan's wrist, utter bewilderment and fatigue in his gaze. Bridget stopped grooming her hair and moved closer to the bed, and Justin stopped pacing and joined the crowd surrounding Jonathan. \"Hey guys.\" Jonathan managed to groan, he was surprised at how much energy it took to say those two words, and he managed a weak smile as well. Bridget tried to hide some tears as she began furiously brushing his hair with her claws, tugging his head. \"Oh Jonathan, you're alive!\" She exclaimed, brushing more furiously, \"Yes Bridget, you can stop trying to kill me now.\" His face scrunched at every pull of her hand in his matted hair. \"Oh I'm so sorry.\" She whispered ashamed, she took her hand back and laced her fingers together, and began twiddling her thumbs in anxious circles. \"Hey Jon, how are you feeling?\" Justin said next, concerned laced through his expression. \"Actually, I'm feeling pretty good right now.\" Jonathan thought quizzically, there was a small ache through his form, but it was surprisingly dull pain compared to the bandages that covered most of his body. And he had a slight euphoric feeling; he couldn't resist the goofy smile that wanted to escape from him. \"That's because you're full of painkillers.\" Ages said. \"Thanks to Justin, he went to the human store and took some general pain reliever medicine.\" Jonathan thought about it a bit, \"huh, I think I like painkillers…\" Jonathan started staring into the lantern above him, pupils dilated. Everyone shared a short laugh, \"I think you gave him a little too much, Ages.\" Justin joked. \"Don't get too used to the feeling, Brisby; I eventually have to wean you off of it.\" Ages remarked. \"Once you're feeling better.\" \"Do you remember anything Jonathan?\" Nicodemus asked. Jonathan thought for a moment; he remembered the trek home, then hearing twigs snap in the woods, and he began to run from something…an owl. Then he was scooped up by it, and then remembered stabbing it in the leg with his improvised knife, falling through the trees, then nothing. \"Most of it, everything goes dark after I fell out of his talon. That reminds me; how long have I been out?\" Jonathan started to rub his eyes. \"Four days.\" Ages replied. Jonathan stopped rubbing his eyes. \"What, I've been out cold for four days?!\" He hoarsely shouted. He tried to sit up, but everyone jumped to hold him down. \"Jonathan don't move around too much. You have several broken ribs!\" Ages shouted. At that moment, despite the pain meds, Jonathan felt one of the bones slip out of place, and a sharp pain from his chest. It knocked the wind out of him, and he was set gingerly back down, his face wincing in agony. \"The meds aren't that strong Brisby. You're incredibly lucky to still be alive after being attacked by an owl, then falling who knows how far down to the forest floor. Count your lucky stars, someone was watching out for you.\" Ages stated staring at Jonathan's pained face. Someone is looking out for me. He thought to himself; he hadn't forgotten about his vision with Grace. I want you to live your life to the fullest, even if it's without me. He remembered what she said, it made him incredibly sad she wasn't here to comfort him again; he would go out and find that owl just so he could be with her again. No, I would be letting her down if I just gave up like that, I will soldier on, until it's my time again. Still, he wished he could at least squeeze her hand one last time right now… A soft hand reached for his rough, bandaged paw. He thought for a moment it was her again, he looked towards his paw, and saw that it wasn't one of Grace's small soft paws, this one was nearly twice her size. It was Bridget's, Jonathan followed her arm up to her face, her soft chocolate eyes caught the faint yellow glow of the lantern, Jonathan could see the concern spelled plainly in her slightly fatigued eyes. \"I thought we lost you, Jon.\" \"Thanks for caring so much Bridge.\" Jonathan said without thinking. The look on her face went from concern, straight to a scowl. \"I swear if you weren't already bandaged up I would pummel you're little furry body into a caste Jonny, I'm trying to be serious.\" \"With fists of love.\" Justin quipped fluttering his eyelids, he started to snicker. He stopped immediately after one of Bridget's free hands caught him square in the midsection, knocking the wind out of him. He immediately folded over, and began to cough violently on the ground. \"Yes of course, with fists of love.\" She smirked back at Justin, then released her fist and gently cupped Jonathan's bandaged limb with both of her hands. \"Thanks for caring Bridget that means a lot.\" Jonathan replied with utmost care, he didn't want to be struck down like Justin, and he didn't mean to hurt his friend's feelings. \"That's much better.\" She said as a warm smile crept across her face. Jonathan started to get uncomfortable, lying in bed for four days was lingering in his mind, he wanted to get up and do something. He tried to sit up again, but Ages firmly stopped him. \"Now now, Brisby, I said don't get up, you need to rest.\" \"But I'm sick of rest!\" Jonathan pouted. \"I want to do something, or I'm going to go nuts.\" \"Go mad, because you're not getting up until you heal. I'm very sure some of your internal organs are bruised as well, and moving might damage them further. Just find something to occupy yourself until they get better.\" Ages huffed; the look he was giving Jonathan said he was dead serious. \"Can I get something to read then?\" \"I can get you a book from the library if you want.\" Bridget suggested. \"That would be awesome Bridge…Bridget.\" Jonathan caught himself. She didn't notice as she stood and fetched a book from the library. \"I am glad you are conscience Jonathan.\" Nicodemus said relieved. Justin was beginning to recover as he stood and coughed a couple more times. \"Yeah, what Nicodemus said.\" Justin wheezed. \"Don't start thinking about replacing me Justin; I still want to be scout.\" Jonathan said. \"You're not going to lose that Jon,\" Justin coughed one last time. \"You're the only one who fits that position, and the only one who is good enough at it. If we gave it to Cartmen, he would probably run into a human and not even notice.\" Justin chuckled. The thought of Cartmen replacing him was kind of funny; he pictured Cartmen in one of his scenarios when they were in the city, he remembered finding the NIMH rat trap, and seeing Cartmen find it instead, lick his lips at the bait as he ran full speed into the cage. Jonathan laughed to himself. Yeah, that sounds like Cartmen. \"Good, I guess I'll just relax now.\" Jonathan sighed, and crossed his arms behind his head, if he was going to be sitting around for a while; he wanted to make sure he still had a job afterwards. \"I got a book.\" Bridget returned shortly after the conversation, waving a green hardcover parcel in her hands. \"It's one Barnabus the Librarian just converted to our size; it's called \" The Great Gatsby\" a new book he got from one of the humans, it's about a rich enigmatic man named Jay Gatsby, that's about as much as I know about it.\" \"Sounds interesting let me read it.\" Jonathan reached for the book, but Bridget pulled it just out of his reach. \"Can I read it to you?\" Bridget sheepishly asked. Now this is out of character, man I must have been a mess if she thought I wasn't coming back to act this girly. Jonathan thought. \"I can read fine, Bridget, I can't move right now that's my problem.\" Jonathan crossed his arms and frowned at her. \"Please?\" She widened her eyes into the most pitiful puppy dog face, made more pitiful by her already large eyes and round face; she fluttered her eyelids at him. \"Fine, can't argue with that.\" Jonathan gave up. Bridget let out a girlish squeal, sat down next to Jonathan, put an arm around him, prompting his ears to turn red, and she opened to the first page and started reading aloud. Nicodemus released a husky chuckle, Ages just shook his head. \"Nothing good will come of this.\" Ages whispered to Nicodemus. \"Let them be youngsters Jericho.\" Nicodemus defended. \"I really wish you would use my last name.\" Ages sounded agitated. Nicodemus just waved his hand at him. \"Since young Jonathan doesn't need a doctor at the moment; care to play a game of chess in the Atrium?\" \"This again Nicodemus, you won the last time we played.\" Ages replied. \"Best two out of three?\" Ages grumbled, and then huffed. \"Fine, you're on.\" Writer's note: I am not a fan of the ending of this chapter. I hadn't really thought of how I would end it, so after powering through writers block, I slapped something together, and I don't like how it came out. I will be re-writing this chapter sometime in the near to distant future. Guest Calypso[Chapter 8] Chapter 7: Ever-present. It has been three months since Jonathan's near death accident with the owl, exactly a year since our departure from NIMH. We are in the beginning of spring. I no longer call it an 'escape' as I find the word too harsh, departure seems to coincide better with my writings. The meeting with the owl was interesting, to say the least. The owl was a completely different being during the day; appearing docile and apologetic, for an owl at least. He apologized fiercely for attacking Jonathan and barging into our home, and he explained how he knew about us, in great detail. He had escaped from NIMH shortly after us, before he left though, they gave him the 'X-19', the same as the one they gave me, and he was changed in such a way he could give an answer for any question, and see into the future much more clearly than I. The creatures of the woods have come to give him the moniker of The Great Owl, for those who survive to see him; he gives them great knowledge pertaining to their questions. Most do not survive though, as they make the mistake of making the journey at night, when the proverbial 'Mr. Hyde' is awake, instead of the more pleasant 'Dr. Jekyll'. It was quite humbling to say the least, as we shared civil and cool conversation. I was more than pleased when I made my goodbyes. Before I left however, the owl gave me a very chilling message; we would be captured by NIMH again if we do not leave our home. This is most troubling; we have used utmost care not to be seen by the ever pleasant human named Jasper. We have taken less of his store goods, as winter is slowly giving way to spring, and the necessary food required to survive is lessened. I must take the owl's words with care; if what he says is true, I must wait until the proper time presents itself before I tell the colony. Which I write with a heavy hand, is quickly approaching. Jonathan has completely healed from his ordeal, not a single scar remains to mar his appearance. He was more than eager to resume his work as the scout with Justin and the gathering team. Though I have notice a slight personality change; when he leaves for a mission, he remains out much longer than everyone else, not returning till near dusk on most nights. I worry about his well being, the longer he stays out, the more quiet and introverted he becomes when he returns. On the subject of introverts; Jenner and Sullivan have separated themselves even more from the rest of the colony. Though they are still active council members, and they both remain on Justin's squad, they whisper in dark corners, away from prying eyes. I believe Jenner is still bitter about Cartmen's accusations concerning the newspaper article he was entrusted with, his personality is getting darker and darker, and he seems to be corrupting Sullivan's influences in affairs. As I write this he and the others are making a supply run, I pray they return safely. Four beings stood in a circle, shifting uneasy on their feet. The warm afternoon sun shone through the still bare branches of the forest, Cartmen scratched nervously at his cheek. \"Man I hate spring, it makes me so itchy!\" Cartmen was losing his fur coat, as were most of the inhabitants in the colony. Justin just chuckled and rolled his eyes, as he also unconsciously scratched his bare arm, strands of thick brown fur falling onto the muddy ground below. Jenner just scoffed at the ridiculous spectacle, he didn't bother scratching; he just shook his head violently, strands of black fur floated through the air as he came to a stop, wiping away a straggling hair from his eye with a delicate flick of his pinky. \"Anyone got a brush?\" Cartmen asked, he had pealed his shirt off and was furiously shaking the large clumps of his light tan fur out of his clothing, the strands floated through the air towards the group. Everyone groaned their disgust as the strands stuck to their faces. \"Jeez man you didn't do that before you left?\" Justin complained. \"I was in a hurry!\" Cartmen defended himself with a squeak. He trundled around the group and moved downwind, and continued to air his shirt out. \"Justin.\" Jenner approached Justin and whispered. \"I say it was a mistake for us to gather supplies with us in this state.\" Jenner scratched at an itch behind his ear. \"I'm against it too, but the colony burned through the food supply quickly over the winter, it's got to be done.\" Justin just shrugged. \"Well maybe we wouldn't have gone through it so fast if certain individuals .\" Jenner shot a deadly look towards Cartmen. \"Kept their urges in check, then maybe we wouldn't have a shortage if we didn't constantly have new mouths to feed.\" Jenner did have a point; there was a bit of a population explosion during the last few months of winter. Justin began to recall all the new families that had new additions to the colony; Bernard and Claire had two sons, Max and Violet had three girls, and of course the oldest family of them, Cartmen and Jennifer, had their four mouths to feed. The car was beginning to get crowded and food was starting to get low. On top of that everyone was making the transition from winter coats to summer ones, during this transition everyone was a little short tempered and slightly agitated, as losing a fur coat is a lot like a human getting a haircut; loose strands tickle and irritate your neck under your collar, but you can't take your shirt off because it is permanently attached to your skin. \"Noted Jenner, just relax for once would you?\" Justin found himself short with Jenner. He had remembered what Cartmen said about Jenner, he is pure evil, and I know it. Justin tried his best to remain biased in this situation, but some things were beginning to show through. Justin was interrupted from his thoughts by something running towards them at a quick rate. A small gray mouse barreled through Cartmen's shirt, startling the owner, a tan cloud burst from the shirt, the being rolled on the ground, stopping just before running into Sullivan, who barely had enough time to step out of the way. It was Jonathan, he sat up gagging. \"Ugh! I think I got some stupid in my mouth!\" he began to cough roughly. Cartmen finally put his shirt back on, leaving three buttons open near his neck. \"Who's stupid? You're the genius who didn't see me airing my shirt out!\" \"Shut up Cartmen.\" Jonathan wheezed, he shook his body, strands of tan and grey flew off the small figure onto the ground. \"So how does it look at the general store?\" Justin asked, he was tired of standing around and was ready for action. \"Jasper left,\" Jonathan coughed some more, \"He was talking to someone on the phone, I didn't catch who, but I think he said something about the sheriff.\" \"The Sheriff, that can't be good.\" Justin thought aloud. \"Don't know, but we got a window of opportunity, lets hop to it.\" Jonathan plucked some tan fur off his tongue, and rubbed it off on Cartmen. \"Hey! Aw that's gross Jon!\" Cartmen reeled from the action. \"What, I was just returning what is rightfully yours.\" Jonathan said matter of fact. The squad departed their meeting point towards the store, Jonathan dodging Cartmen's attempts at hitting him as they walked. Cartmen tired himself out trying to catch the smaller and nimbler Jonathan. They had reached the general store with little incident. Jonathan was right, Jasper the store owner had left, the door to the small building locked. The rats took the hidden entrance in the back of the storeroom, and they quickly set to work gathering what they needed most, food. Jenner and Sullivan headed to the left. Jonathan, Cartmen, and Justin all went to the right, then Jonathan split himself from them. Jenner and Sullivan began to collect as much as they possibly could. All the while Jenner was deep in his own thoughts, fuming. How dare they, how dare they all! Cartmen doesn't belong with us here; he needs to be playing Mr. Mom with those insufferable brats. But no, Justin insisted, it's always Justin who insists, nobody ever asked for my opinion; we decide to bring the fat clumsy bastard along anyway, even after he completely messed up the last mission. And had that wench Bridget not intervened and broken my nose I would have rend him apart with my bare hands! Jenner was so absorbed in his thoughts he started grabbing any and all things within sight, regardless if it was food or not. Sullivan had stopped and started to watch his friend manically snag everything with zeal. Things overflowing from his grasps, he continued to grab more as more fell out of his pile. \"Uh, Jenner?\" Sullivan whispered sheepishly. \"Remember what Justin said; not too much of things. You kind of have everything .\" Jenner's pace didn't slow, he grumbled an acknowledgment he heard Sullivan's warning, but continued with his manic smash and grab. That's how I will prove myself, to everyone, I am much more important than Cartmen, than Jonathan, hell more than Justin! I'll show them, I'll grab more than those imbeciles combined! Jonathan had separated himself from Justin and Cartmen as usual, he was becoming a bit of a loner, but he didn't mind. The silence that loneliness brought was unlike anything else he had felt, in truth it made him feel closer to Grace. Despite making her a promise, he still desperately wanted to go back; back to that serene place, back to the warmth of her hand on his face, those bright emerald eyes. He hopped up on the counter where Jasper rang up the items people bought. The worn surface a faded white, a stack of papers and cigarettes occupied opposite ends of the densely packed surface. He glanced at the newspapers; it was something of a pastime he had developed sometime during the winter, he would read the headlines, sometimes if something was interesting enough he would unfold the paper, and speed read through the articles. He rarely ever unfolded them, it was difficult for a being his size to unfold the cumbersome parchment, then make sure it was folded properly before placing it back in the pile with the rest of them. Nothing on the headlines interested Jonathan today; it was the same news that plagued the humans on a daily basis; murders, tax raises, presidential elections, and advertisements were all jammed onto the same page, humans are such chaotic creatures. He was about to jump down when he spotted a new ad on the paper; between the make-up for women and used cars for sale. Jonathan didn't have time to stop and read it; a car rumbled to a halt outside near the gas pumps, another followed shortly behind. Jonathan acted quickly; he bit around the ad, and tore on the improvised tear line. He quickly shoved the newspaper back on the pile, and jumped down off the counter, towards the place Justin and Cartmen were last seen, holding his prize. \"Hey there you are Jon.\" Justin saw the mouse running at him, his arms full of goods. \"Where did—\" \"No time, Jasper is back!\" Jonathan breathed. Justin barely reacted without hesitation, Cartmen had learned what that meant as well, and he followed Justin behind some crates next to the doorway to the storeroom. Everyone had unconsciously held their breath as the bell above the door chimed. The humans continued their conversation. \"…I don't get it Sheriff; all year long I've been seeing small amounts of my stock disappear.\" Jasper, the white haired man that owned the store had stepped through the doorway, wearing a plaid shirt with suspenders holding up brown pressed khakis. \"Have you given any of your employee's keys?\" The taller figure, wearing large sunglasses and a black mustache in a brown police uniform follow shortly behind. \"I ain't got any 'employees' sheriff, it's just me and Lorna that run this place. And I know she isn't stealing Twinkies and chips!\" Jasper shot at the officer; he let out an annoyed sigh and began to scratch his head. \"I don't know how they do it; the door isn't broken, neither are the windows, but somehow things just keep disappearing.\" The sheriff nodded, and scribbled notes into a small black notebook. \"Tell me a little more about the thefts. Are they big, small, cheap, and expensive?\" \"No never expensive. It's always small stuff like food, like chips or frozen meals, and extension cords. The biggest thing that's gone missing is one electric heater. Now what in all that is holy would someone want a bunch of junk food and one gold-darn electric heater?\" Jasper shifted on his feet and scoffed. \"Maybe it's a homeless fellow.\" The sheriff suggested. \"No, if it was a bum he would've taken more food wouldn't you think?\" Jasper contested. \"Just throwing out some theories for you Mr. Slovak, You sure you don't forget to lock the door or anything?\" \"No sir, I always check before I leave.\" Jasper seemed to be distraught. \"I don't know how I'm going to keep my business afloat if this continues.\" Jasper pinched the bridge of his nose with a shaky hand. Justin listened in from his hiding place. He started to feel this pit form in his stomach; why did he feel bad for this human? Justin had stolen food from the human's way before he was even captured by NIMH. And even now he took food from these humans all winter, it never affected him in the slightest; it was the first time though, he had heard how his freeloading was affecting them. Jasper was losing his stock in small increments, but just enough it was affecting him, he was going to lose his business if they continued to take from the old man. Justin heard a rustling from out of sight, he spun around and looked at the two figures hugging the wall behind him; the look Cartmen and Jonathan was the same Justin had on his face, a combination of shame and sadness for their actions. But the noise didn't come from them, he glanced to the isle across from him, he saw Sullivan, leaning around the side of the isle listening intently to the conversation, but where is Jenner? The answer to his question presented itself; Jenner came slinking into view from behind Sullivan, his arms loaded with every good imaginable. It was too much for Jenner to handle, and Justin felt the pit change in his stomach from shame to terror as Jenner's footing was shaky as he stopped moving, his enormous cache teetering in his unsteady grasp. \" Jenner.\" Justin harshly whispered. Jenner didn't hear him as he cautiously balanced the load on one shaky arm and reached for a candy bar, that is way too much Jenner, we don't need anymore! \"Jenner!\" He hissed. He heard him this time; he glanced at him before focusing on his task again. \"That's enough Jenner!\" \"Just a little more…\" Jenner whispered, focusing on getting to the candy bar, his fingers outstretched, tickling the noisy wrapper. \"What was that noise?\" The sheriff looked up towards the darkened isles. \"Jenner, we have more than enough!\" Justin raised his voice in frustration, vocal cords straining at the forced whisper. Cartmen and Jonathan just watched frozen from their position, unable to move and stop him without being seen. \"Just, a, little, more… \" Jenner whispered again, eyes transfixed on his task at hand to notice his oversized load become unbalanced in his one arm. Justin held his breath and covered his ears as his blood froze in his veins, please don't, no Jenner, stop! He couldn't do anything to stop what was about to happen. Jenner reached the candy bar, as his goods toppled over in his other hand. An unbelievable loud crash echoed through the dead silent store as Jenner froze, snapping back to reality from his greedy state. The sheriff put his hand on his gun holster, \"Mr. Slovak, stay here, I think you might have a visitor.\" He drew his flashlight with the other hand, clicked it on, and shined the brilliant light towards the end of the isle, a cone of light shined on a pile of snack foods on the end that wasn't there a second ago. He advanced towards it, clicking the button off his holster holding his pistol. Jasper stood motionless; terrified a burglar was still in his store. Jenner quickly started to gather up his cache again, moving swiftly. \"Jenner, forget about your stinking food, we got to go now!\" Justin motioned towards their secret escape, Cartmen and Jonathan darted towards the crack in the wall. Sullivan stuck with Jenner, helping him collect his prize. Justin kicked into overdrive as his adrenaline began flowing as he ran over to Jenner and tried to haul him away, Sullivan fumbled with the odd shaped wrappers. \"Jenner lets go for Christ sake!\" Justin was shaking with frustration. Jenner didn't even look up, too focused, \"No, I can get it, just give me a second…\" The officers boots clicked closer on the tile floor, the flashlight beam began to edge around the corner. \"No time Jenner, we are leaving, NOW.\" Justin only saw red as he grabbed Jenner by the collar, and yanked him towards their escape route, snacks falling from his hands as he was jerked to his feet. Sullivan followed shortly behind, holding a small handful of candy. \"Freeze!\" The police officer pulled his pistol out of its holster, and stepped around the corner, shining the flashlight on the pile of goods and pointing the gun in one smooth motion. He was expecting a grungy hobo crouching in fear munching on a candy bar, but it was much more surprising; he saw rats scurrying into the back room, carrying goods in their arms. \"Jesus,\" The sheriff exclaimed, \"You have a rat problem Mr. Slovak!\" his heart slowed, and he holstered the pistol. The old man ran around the corner, and followed the flashlight to see the long scaly tail of a rat duck into a corner. \"My merchandise, you filthy little rodents drop it!\" Jasper cursed, and grabbed a broom and chased after the rats. He swung madly at them with the improvised weapon, they escaped into a crack in the wall just before he swiped at a fat one, and it dropped a Tootsie Roll from its grubby little paws. \"Dammit!\" Jasper huffed, leaning against the wall breathless. \"That's the last thing I expected; a bunch of rats in my store!\" The sheriff had stepped into the room, and crouched down to peak through the crack in the wall, keeping his face a safe distance from the hole. He let out a low whistle, \"you see the size of one of those, about as big as a football!\" He dryly chuckled. \"That ain't funny Officer Burns, if I got rats in my store that's a health hazard. If I don't lose my store from losing merchandise I'll most definitely lose my store because of a health violation.\" Jasper eyeballed the sheriff. \"You know if you need an exterminator I know some people…\" The sheriff offered. \"I don't have the money to hire some exterminators to spray the place down with noxious gas, are you nuts?\" Jasper stared at the sheriff with disbelief. \"But the people I know would do it for free; they had an article in the paper a few months ago.\" The sheriff stood; a perplexed look on his face as he stroked his mustache. \"Did you notice they were wearing clothes?\" The team didn't stop running for a second, their muscles stuck in flight mode as they ran for the safety of the car. Everyone reached home completely winded, Cartmen showing the most exhaustion, he collapsed onto the wet ground on his back, huffing and puffing from the exertion of using so much energy at once in his rather docile life. Everyone had stopped before going in, collecting themselves before presenting themselves to the colony. Jenner started to straighten his dark shirt, blocking out the memory of him failing his objective. He was too concerned fixing his stretched out collar to notice an irate being tackle him against the car, slamming his head against the solid metal, disorientating him as Justin pinned him to the wall by his collar, snarling. \"What the hell was that Jenner?!\" Justin's ears were pinned back against his head, his voice barely an audible growl. Sullivan, Jonathan and Cartmen were stunned at seeing the always happy, timid and care-free Justin show a side of him most didn't think he possessed. Jenner was stunned as well; Justin's brown eyes bore into Jenner's green eyes, passed through them, and bore into his skull. \"I-I-I don't know w-what you—\" \"Don't play stupid Jenner.\" Justin snarled, sharp teeth showing themselves. \"You had more than enough, and you kept getting more! Now thanks to your rookie mistake Jasper knows about us and he's going to call NIMH. Explain yourself, now.\" Jenner just froze; he was shocked by the brutality Justin had pinned him against the wall with. He stammered, trying to find an excuse besides his own greed. \"I-I-I was thinking of the good of the colony, I swear!\" Jenner had lied through his teeth. Justin didn't seem convinced, almost like he saw through the ruse Jenner had created. Jenner started wishing he was small like a mouse so he could hide from the wrath. \"That's not good enough Jenner. Give me the real God damn reason you just put us all in jeopardy!\" Justin slammed Jenner's head against the home again, and picked him up by his collar so Jenner's toes were barely on the ground. All Jenner wanted to do was get away from the situation, to run and hide by himself under some rock like a worm. That's what he felt like right now, he just couldn't blame anything or anybody else except himself, but he didn't want to admit it. He quickly decided to keep with his original alibi. \"Justin, I'm telling the truth!\" Jenner's voice cracked. \"I was only thinking about the colony, I don't want any of us to starve!\" He gripped Justin's iron arms, trying to pry himself loose, he started choking. But Justin didn't relent; he gripped his collar tighter, and then finally dropped him after a few eternities. Jenner collapsed onto the ground, trying to regain his breath. Then Justin spoke, voice cold and serious as ice; \"You are off the squad.\" \"What?\" Jenner could barely grasp what he had just heard. \"If that's the lie you want to believe in, then I can't have you be on the squad if you take those kinds of risks.\" \"But…But, you can't do that!\" Jenner protested. \"I just did.\" Justin said coldly, he started to walk away. Cartmen and Jonathan gave him a wide berth as he started towards the door. \"Justin, wait.\" A timid voice spoke up, Justin didn't bother turning around, and he knew it was Sullivan. He turned his head, motioning he was listening. \"If Jenner isn't going to be on the squad, then I don't want to be either.\" Justin just waved him off; he didn't care anymore, if they were going to be tight as kin, he wasn't going to object. He pushed the door open to the Atrium, leaving the stunned group behind. Sullivan ran to help the stunned Jenner up, \"Are you okay Jenner?\" Sullivan whispered. \"No.\" Jenner hissed, his green eyes taking on an edge of venom. \"I was just kicked off the squad, you dolt. I'm far from 'okay', help me get to my room, I want to just to be left alone.\" Sullivan helped his friend up, and they walked in unison, heads down, into the Atrium. Leaving Jonathan and Cartmen alone in the courtyard; the sun had started to set, changing the color of the ground into a soft shade of orange. After a few moments Jonathan found his voice. \"Wow.\" Was all Jonathan could say as he turned, wide eyed, to Cartmen, who was nervously itching the back of his neck. He didn't reply; he just met Jonathan's gaze with his wide eyes. He finally stopped scratching his neck, and shook his head. \"Pff, if you ask me, it should've been done earlier.\" He didn't let Jonathan reply, he just walked away, leaving Jonathan alone. Jonathan just shook his head and frowned; he stuck his hands in his pockets, and felt a paper crumple under his left hand. He reached in and pulled out the crumpled grey piece of newspaper. He had completely forgotten about the advertisement he had torn out of today's paper; he read the paper quickly, and raised his eyebrows. I need to show everyone this at the council meeting tonight. Later that evening: \"What do you mean the human knows?\" A minor councilman shouted. The Atrium was packed full of the colony. The rats had been murmuring about the rumors of a human spotting one of the gathering squad members, but not which one. The rumors were confirmed that evening at the meeting. Jenner had come out of the sleeping quarters, collecting and composing himself for his counter argument to Justin's, who decided to participate in the events that evening. \"During our recon of the general store, one of our squad members, who will remain nameless this meeting, was spotted carrying food supplies.\" Justin did his best not to snap a look towards Jenner, who was not even trying to disguise his piercing gaze, keeping his eyes scanning the faces of the colony. \"So what does that mean for us?\" A colony member asked. Jenner cut Justin's answer off. \"It means nothing.\" Jenner said, slamming his fist down on his stand. \"There is no need for us to take any action.\" \"On the contrary, Jenner, it means something \" Justin interjected, snapping his prolonged look at Jenner. \"It means we must be prepared to move.\" Justin's words seemed to hang in the air, council members and spectators alike all in hushed murmurs. \"But why must we? Because you assume the humans saw where we went?\" Jenner defended. \"They don't have to have seen where we went, all they have to do is call NIMH, and they know how to look for us.\" Justin shot back. \"But what makes you so sure they would come? The newspaper article pertaining to this case was nearly four months ago; most humans would have most likely forgotten about it by now.\" Jenner raised a finger to emphasize his point. The council members and the colony started to nod and murmur in agreement. Jenner smirked at Justin; his face spelt defeat, he couldn't come up with a counter to that statement. You're in my game now. Checkmate. \"I argue Jenner.\" Justin tried to search for the words to explain his point. \"Let's say in the astronomical chance that a human wrote the number down, hmm?\" The crowd fell silent, intently listening. Jenner leaned on his stand, elbows resting on the surface, his hands resting under his chin, \"You have our ears Justin.\" Jenner mockingly motioned the floor to Justin. He nervously cleared his throat, trying to shake loose the words that were stuck. \"You see, we, we um…\" \"In the astronomical chance a human has the article in question…\" A voice echoed throughout the hall, \"they will call upon NIMH, and they will find us, and capture us.\" \"How do you know this, Nicodemus?\" A body in the crowd shouted. Jenner felt his lead over Justin was starting to shrink. \"Because I have some important news everyone must hear now.\" Nicodemus fell silent for a moment. He couldn't back out of the claim now. \"When I spoke to the Great Owl, he told me this moment would come.\" Jenner suddenly scoffed loudly, \"That is absurd Nicodemus; the Great Owl, our predator, told us this would happen?\" He shook his head. \"It is true Jenner, no matter how 'absurd' it may be. I speak with a heavy heart, but it is time for us to move on.\" The Atrium fell silent. Everyone didn't want to believe it was time to move again, believing it was the last time they would have to move. It seemed NIMH was going to be their shadow for the rest of their lives, incapable of outrunning them. \"Why do we have to?\" Jenner shouted, he was starting to lose, he hated to lose. He wasn't about to give up that easily without proving a point. \"We can hide from them; we can roll up the power cords, we can snuff out the fire pit, we can—\" \"Only delay the inevitable.\" Nicodemus objected. \"It will only be a matter of time; we are their property, they will stop at nothing to find and get back what they think is rightfully theirs.\" Jenner was starting to get flustered. How can I defend myself against this garbage? \"Okay Nicodemus, where do you suppose we go this time? On your word we ran from the city, now we run from the forest; where is there left to go?\" \"I may have an idea.\" A timid being spoke from the crowd. Jonathan cut his way through the masses to the stage. \"I found something while out on the scouting run; an advertisement from today's newspaper.\" \"Oh brilliant,\" Jenner mockingly said, throwing his arms up in the air. \"An ad from the human paper, what's next; a jolly green giant is going to show us the way?\" A Few individuals in the crowd chuckled at Jonathan's expense. Jonathan remained steadfast however, and continued onto the stage, the ad rolled up in his hands. \"If you shut up for twenty seconds I'll tell you.\" Jonathan growled. He ignored the deadly glare Jenner was giving him as he placed the yellowed parchment on a table between Jenner and Justin. He cleared his throat, and read the ad aloud: \" Thorn Valley National Park; Come see the wild in all its unbridled fury. A ten-thousand square mile slice of unspoiled Americana the whole family can enjoy. Enjoy spectacular scenery from specially marked parking areas and unmatched glimpses of endangered and protected species, without looking at a single magazine page.\" Jonathan finished the article, and scanned all the brown eyes looking back at him. Some were surprised, most showed hesitance and disbelief. \"'Thorn Valley National Park', what's so special about a National Park?\"Justin raised an eyebrow in question. \"Let me explain it a bit, if you don't mind Jenner…\" Jonathan shot a glance towards the tall dark grumbling figure. \"A national park is protected land; humans aren't allowed to build on it, no hunters, tourists are only allowed on designated patches. And best of all; NIMH couldn't search ten-thousand square miles even if they wanted to, too much red tape.\" Council members began to talk in excited hushed tones. It was a promising outlook. Justin mouthed a \"Good Job\" to Jonathan, who weakly smiled. \"That sounds…Brilliant.\" Nicodemus hesitated, mulling over it in his head. \"We should begin to depart for this 'Thorn Valley' as soon as—\" \"What a load of nonsense!\" Jenner fumed. Everyone gasped at Jenner's disregard for Nicodemus' turn. \"We are going to follow an ad in a newspaper, to a place we have no idea where it is, based on a skeptic fear that the humans will find us?\" \"They have in the past, what makes this situation any different?\" Another minor council member yelled from the stands. The stands began to get restless, anxious conversation echoed through the halls. Jenner couldn't defend his view anymore, not in this filibuster. \"I guess there is no point in continuing this.\" Jenner dug his nails into the stand. \"I suppose we will follow your 'ridiculous' plan. I step down my defense on the motion.\" With that Jenner stormed off, defeated by the spectacle. The council members came to a consensus rather quickly after Jenner had left with Sullivan in tow. Without anyone to object, the motion was carried; it was time to destroy what was too heavy, and pack lightly, they were going to Thorn Valley. \"Those arrogant fools, how dare they make me look stupid in front of the colony!\" Jenner had stormed back into the sleeping quarters, to his bunk, and continued to throw a tantrum. \"They don't know what's good for the colony, none of them know!\" He swiped the contents on top of a table onto the floor; glass shattered and noise filled the small space. \"Jenner you should calm down, before someone hears you…\" Sullivan tried to calm Jenner. \"I don't care if they hear me, idiot!\" Jenner snapped at his one and only friend now. \"I want them to know the plan to move to this 'Thorn Valley' place is ridiculous. And it's all because of that old fool Nicodemus!\" Jenner found himself winded after mentioning his name. His head got light and fuzzy. He stumbled onto the table, knocking even more loose objects onto the floor. \"Jenner, are you okay?\" Sullivan moved to support Jenner. Sullivan saw in his friend's dark green eyes genuine fear, or maybe realization, Jenner was breathing heavily. \"Jenner?\" Sullivan tried again. Jenner felt something click. Not on his body, but in his mind. All the criticism his fellow colonists gave him, all the denial and berating finally caught up with Jenner, and it was all one person. He had an epiphany. It's all Nicodemus' fault. Jenner had finally connected the dots; the reason everyone was against him in the decisions for the good of the colony, why he was kicked off of the gathering squad. It wasn't his fault; it wasn't his choices that everyone disagreed with. It was Nicodemus. He was the one that disagreed with all the decisions, it was his word what would pass and what would fail. He swayed everyone's opinion to his and his alone. Even Justin was in on it, that bastard! A wicked smile crept across Jenner's crooked face. His eyes went from a deep green, to an almost poisonous green, like venom. Sullivan stepped back; fear began to creep into his expression as he watched his friend change before his very eyes. Well if you can change the minds of everyone in a room, I can too. I can play that game as well; I might not have any mind bending powers. But I got the next best thing… \"J-Jenner, a-are you feeling alright?\" Sullivan managed; he couldn't hide the obvious terror in his voice. \"I'm perfectly fine, my dear friend.\" Jenner's tone was ice cold as he slowly stood, towering over the short and stocky Sullivan. Sullivan began to cower. \"Why are you scared Sully? I am all better now; I know what must be done to fix everything.\" He patted his friend's shoulder; Sullivan was frozen stiff as he watched the massive hand cup his shoulder, his fingers twitched as they came to a rest. He physically swallowed. \"W-what, um, what are you t-thinking?\" Sullivan knew he couldn't run. Something told him despite Jenner being the closest friend he ever had, he wouldn't hesitate to strike him down if Sullivan ran in terror screaming for help. He was trapped in Jenner's scheme. \"Nicodemus is the one who has the final say in what passes in the council. See, if he can win the council over with his, 'powers that be'.\" Jenner waved his hand in the air in a circle, mocking Nicodemus' power. \"Then we shall use our own powers to sway the council in our favor.\" Jenner's teeth gleamed in the light coming from the open doorway. \"What do you mean powers?\" Sullivan asked. \"We use the powers of blackmail, bribery, and intimidation , my friend.\" Jenner clenched his open hand into a tight fist, his hand began shaking violently. The one on Sullivan's shoulder dug into his shirt, he tried to shy away from the pain, but Jenner had an iron grip, a cold iron grip. \"If we were to sway the council with these powers into our favor, there is nothing we cannot control! In fact, I bet we can even get Nicodemus to lose his position if we are persistent enough.\" \"Jenner, that-that's crazy, we can't—\" \"We can.\" Jenner dug his claws deeper into Sullivan's shoulder, he yelped, but not before Jenner covered his mouth so he would not be heard. \"If we overthrow Nicodemus, we can take control of the colony, imagine; we can control what will be good for the colony. We could even destroy it if the thought crosses my mind.\" Sullivan noticed Jenner say 'My', he no longer was using 'We'. Sullivan knew at this point something in Jenner had finally snapped, pushed over the edge. \"Are you with me my dear friend?\" Jenner had lightened his grip on Sullivan's shoulder, but still had him locked in place. Sullivan had no choice, either agree to helping his friend, or die. He swallowed, finding his mouth very dry all of a sudden. \"I got your back, one- hundred percent.\" Sullivan half- heartedly said. \"Good, good.\" Jenner seemed to trail off in his twisted thoughts. \"We must prepare to leave our home.\" \"B-but- but, you just said—\"Sullivan croaked. \"I know what I said.\" Jenner hissed. His gaze now locked on Sullivan. \"We have lost this battle; there is no point in continuing to go down with this ship.\" \"Huh?\" Sullivan was lost to the metaphor. \"Just let it go, we will try again later.\" Jenner rumbled. \"Go pack your valuables; I have something's to take care of.\" Jenner mentioned as he finally released his grasp of Sullivan's shoulder, and then pushed him out of his room. Sullivan didn't care, he was more than happy to get out of there. What happened to you Jenner? Sullivan worried, as he heard more crashing from behind the closed door. He nervously rubbed his hands together. You would never try to overthrow Nicodemus, you always believed in what was good for the colony, never about power. Sullivan slumped away towards his room, defeated and heart-broken. The colony rushed to gather their belongings, destroying what was too heavy, and gathering what they could take with them. Jonathan didn't have anything to pack, so he went around helping those who had to pack. The air in the car had changed; it was no longer peaceful and warm, slightly breezy. It was now a deathtrap, cold and lifeless. The fire was extinguished, the electric heater was destroyed, and the extension cords that were buried in the snow had been wrapped up and stored away. All the lighting fixtures were torn down and salvaged, all the while they had lookouts posted outside, watching for the unmistakable glow of flashlights. Jonathan couldn't help but overhear the idle nervous chatter of some of the rats, some were concerned about being caught, others were worried about finding this 'Thorn Valley', and others were too busy focusing on the task at hand. He himself started to have doubts about finding this supposed 'Garden of Eden', what if we start heading in the wrong direction? What if we are already there, and NIMH got the rights to search here? What if it's too far away? Jonathan was overwhelming himself with too many 'what ifs', he squelched all the questions; he had more important things to think about. He had to find Nicodemus, wherever he was. Jonathan pushed himself through the panicked crowd, looking for Nicodemus. It couldn't be that hard to find the one rat wearing a robe could it? He didn't notice he had bumped into a very portly dark brown rat, it was Sullivan. The rat looked down at the grey mouse with a look of disgust and anger, Jonathan picked up on it instantly. \"Sullivan have you seen Nicodemus?\" Jonathan asked, hoping Sullivan wasn't scowling at him. \"Get out of my way Brisby.\" Sullivan said coldly. He pushed Jonathan out of the way. \"Hey what gives? What did—\" \"It's your fault.\" Sullivan cut Jonathan off. \"It's your fault he changed; if you just stayed out of the council meeting he would've won that argument. But no; you had to stick your nose in it and screw everything up!\" Jonathan was absolutely lost to what Sullivan was ranting about; who changed? \"Sullivan, what are you talking about?\" \"You know damn well what I'm talking about. Get out of my way, I have to pack.\" Sullivan shoved Jonathan out of the way again, and he disappeared into the crowd. What on earth was that about? Jonathan didn't let it trouble him long; he spotted Nicodemus through a gap in the hysterical crowd. He was standing next to the still glowing embers of the fire pit, stroking the thin beard that had grown on his chin over the winter. He was listening to someone, they were wondering if they should burn the remains of the colony that couldn't be carried with them. \"Nicodemus, are you all packed?\" Jonathan ran over to the group. \"I am Jonathan, and you?\" Nicodemus replied, an edge of exhaustion to his voice. \"What I got on my back.\" \"Perfect, get everyone who is ready outside, by the secret exit.\" Nicodemus pointed to an unassuming dark corner away from the crowd. \"I fear we are running out of—\" Justin jumped down from the top of the trunk into the darkened Atrium. Fear gripping his form. \"Flashlights spotted off in the distance, we got to go now!\" Panicked murmurs filled the room, somewhere in the crowd a baby began to cry, its mother trying her best to calm the toddler down. \"Everyone, follow me through the secret exit, over here!\" Jonathan spoke, keeping his voice loud enough so everyone could hear him. The crowd began to file in behind him nervously, as he struggled to pull the handle to the heavy door. The door relented and squeaked loudly on its hinges, bumping the wall with a reverberating thud. \"This way, follow me.\" Jonathan waved his hand, motioning for them to follow him into the dark tunnel that led away from their old home. Jonathan felt along the cold tunnel wall, looking for an improvised torch, when he found one though, he didn't dare light it; I'm going to wait until we are as far away as possible before I give away our position. His eyes slowly adjusted to the dark, revealing more darkness, dark shadows that cast along the uneven wall, the occasional tree root scratched at the taller beings faces. There was a slight breeze that tickled Jonathan's nose; they were close to the exit. Jonathan motioned for everyone to stop, nervous whispers echoed down the tunnel, Jonathan shushed back towards them. \"Quiet everyone let me listen.\" Jonathan whispered. Despite his best wishes, a number of the colony still whispered, there was an odd cough as Jonathan strained to hear anything waiting for them outside. He got fed up with the slight rustling and nervous noises. \"Everyone stay here, I will be right back.\" He stepped forward, hugging the wall as he heard voices object to his leaving. He reached the opening and cautiously stuck his head out, sniffing the air for any sign of danger. The moon was out between the clouds, its dim light being scattered in the still bare branches of the forest. Jonathan's heart was beating fast; he hated being this close to the scientists when they were in the city. But now after a year of false hope, he had let his guard down, and now the surge of adrenaline and fear had come crashing back like a freight train. Focus, focus, He whispered to himself, taking deep breaths to calm his nerves. His heart relaxed enough he took a gamble, and stuck his head out farther. No net came crashing down, no blinding flashlight beam caught him; it was clear. He went back into the tunnel, and saw dozens of black and brown eyes staring at him with a mix of fear and anxiety, waiting for his return. \"We're clear, everyone move!\" Jonathan beckoned them for the exit, at first they moved slowly and hesitantly, Jonathan didn't want to linger here any longer. \"I said move it people! Do you want to get taken back to NIMH?\" This spurred them on and silenced the whispering. A constant stream of varying shades of brown and tan creatures streamed past Jonathan, as he motioned for them forward to the opening. He then noticed he hadn't seen the shades of Justin, Nicodemus, Mr. Ages, or for that matter Sullivan and Jenner. Where are they? He wondered. He started to run back down the tunnel, hoping to spot them straggling behind, but he never made it down back into the tunnel. A sonic wave of heat and noise pushed the small light mouse back out the secret exit, throwing him on his back. The heat continued to billow out the exit, releasing an otherworldly roar as Jonathan regained his footing just in time to see the car explode. The colony spun around screaming in horror as they're home disappeared in a small mushroom cloud of fire and smoke with an overwhelming boom. \"Jesus!\" a number of individuals screamed. Jonathan was stuck in complete awe, his mouth agape as he watched in complete shock as thick black smoke blotched out the moon completely. Jenner stood in the middle of his dark room, pacing, scheming. Nicodemus might have won this battle, but mark my words he will not win the next one. I will die before I see us follow Nicodemus to our dooms again. He was holding in his twitching hands a vial of some green substance. He found the work Ages was working on fascinating, so he swiped a vial of something he was working on when he wasn't looking. He had studied with his novice alchemist eye, knowing nothing about it except what he had overheard Ages talk about it. He poured the contents onto a pile of his belongings, broken and gathered in the center of the space; the fluid seemed to spread over the floor and spread near his toes. He reached in his pocket and pulled out a match, he struck it on the wall. Goodbye old Jenner. He said to himself, tossing the match onto his belongings. They caught fire instantaneously, the flames quickly licking the roof. He stepped out of the blazing room, shutting the door behind. And say hello to the new Jenner. His eyes became dark and sinister, a twisted smile scrapped across his crooked face. \"Please don't delay anymore Ages, we must leave now!\" Justin had waited behind with Nicodemus; making sure everyone had made it out before he himself left forever. He was waiting on Mr. Ages, who was debating what to take with him and if he should light the place aflame. \"Give me a moment; I'm gathering my alchemy things.\" Ages protested, hustling about as notes and other loose parchments slipped from under his arm. Nicodemus thought it best to leave Ages be for a moment, and had turned his attention to the nervous wreck that was Sullivan. \"Sullivan, what on earth are you still doing here?\" \"I'm, I'm,\" He stuttered, wringing his hands. \"I'm waiting for Jenner.\" His brown eyes didn't meet Nicodemus; they instead shifted, along with his feet, and glanced around nervously. \"And where is Jenner?\" Nicodemus asked. Nicodemus got a feeling in his gut, something wasn't quite right. \"Not here anymore.\" Sullivan muttered, sadness had crept into his face. Nicodemus had heard him barely, so my suspicions were right, something is off. \"What are we waiting around for?\" A dark being stepped out from the shadows behind Sullivan. He jumped when he noticed Jenner standing behind him. \"We are waiting on Mister Ages to gather his lab.\" Justin said flatly, watching Jenner's gaze fall on him, a mix of disgust and hatred shown itself. Nicodemus suddenly felt incredibly uncomfortable between his green gaze and Justin's. \"I'm not taking the entire lab.\" Ages retorted. \"I'm gathering what is important.\" \"You're done gathering.\" Jenner spat. \"We are leaving, now.\" He grabbed the portly mouse by the scruff of his collar. \"W-what in the hell do you think you're doing Jenner?!\" He dropped everything in his hands in panic. \"Put me down you brute!\" he flailed his limbs in futile. Jenner reached into his pocket and pulled out another match, and struck it against the wall. Ages stopped long enough to notice his gaze was locked on Mr. Age's lab. \"W-what are you doing—\" \"Covering our tracks.\" Jenner said coldly, he tossed the match into the room and turned, still holding Ages in his grasp, and moved towards the tunnel entrance. \"Old man,\" Jenner turned his head towards the shocked Nicodemus. \"You better follow us if you want to live.\" \"Jenner.\" Nicodemus managed to say, \"This is way out of character for you to be so forward—\" \"Something's change, Nicodemus \" Jenner put a toxic edge to his name. He stormed off still carrying the madly flailing and shouting Ages. His lab had caught fire quickly; the dry parchment and chemicals supplemented the blaze. \"It's time to go Nicodemus.\" Justin began to gingerly push the stunned Nicodemus towards the tunnel, glancing back a final time at his home, before he left it again. They emerged out of the tunnel riding a wave of heat and noise. A stunned Jonathan was laying on his back staring at horror at the car being engulfed in flames. He snapped out of his locked gaze to notice the five unaccounted beings stumble out, coughing and wheezing, covered in soot. \"Wha-what just happened?\" Jonathan croaked, finding his voice rather harsh after hot air forced itself down his airway. \"My lab!\" Ages cried out, finally released from Jenner's iron grip. He began blubbering, covering his face in black paws while the colony watched on as the car was continued to burn. \"Mr. Ages, to be fair you were going to torch it anyway, we don't want NIMH to know just how intelligent we are.\" Justin tried to reassure, but Ages wasn't having it. \"No you don't understand; there were notes, ingredient lists, incredibly important studies I was doing! I was close to making a discovery! I wanted to save some of those, and now they're all gone.\" He tried to collect himself. He sighed heavily, \"I guess, I guess I'll just, start over.\" \"We all will my friend.\" Nicodemus spoke. \"We must not let them win, we will move on, and start over.\" \"I'm getting too old to be moving around like this Nicodemus.\" Ages sighed. \"I am as well my friend, but I can feel it in my bones, we will find a place that is permanent, in this Thorn Valley.\" The sound of nervous growls and guttural shouts echoed through the forest night, interrupting Nicodemus and Ages moment. The humans had finally reached the car, flashlights streaking wildly in the pitch black night, as they were running towards the burning car. \"We got to move now, everyone.\" Justin motioned towards the elderly rat and mouse. Jonathan, without a word, motioned the colony forward, Justin following behind with Nicodemus and Ages. They fled their home, once more, in search for another.[Chapter 9] Chapter 8: On the Road Again. A week has passed since we fled from our home. The close encounter at the car has kept everyone on edge, the guards are patrolling the areas we spend the nights in an almost constantly never ending cycle. The colony is exhausted, we have traveled for days on end with little rest, only fueled by the dream-or should I say illusion—No, not a illusion. We continue our march towards our new home; I only pray that, for our sake that we are going in the right direction. And that it is not far. Jonathan was exhausted. He had been running on minimal sleep, barely three hours at most, and was running around in a daze. The colony hadn't found any substantial shelter from the elements or NIMH. Since the car that they had called home for the winter was now a smoldering husk, the scientists that had found it had speculated there must still have been gas in the rusting tank, and the fire the rats had created finally sent a spark into the tank, and it had exploded, as far- fetched as it sounded it was the only thing they could go on. Jonathan was more than relieved when they had called off the search for good. But it still didn't solve the dilemma they now found themselves in; they had no idea where Thorn Valley was, or how to discover where it was. At least its summer, Jonathan thought as he ran through a field of short green grass. The colony had hunkered down along the tree line to the field, and Jonathan was doing what he did best; scout out ahead. He traveled in a lackadaisical manner until he saw, or rather heard, the creak of rusted hinges and a rolling river combined. He reached the far corner of the field, and the sound got louder as he approached a flowing river. He discovered where the sound of flowing water had come from, but was surprised what was accompanying it. There stood a monolith to human ingenuity; on the other side of the river stood an ageing water mill, its wheel still turning with rusty hinges as the water flowed over the wooden wheel. It was obvious it had been abandoned for a while, the wood structure was sun bleached and dry rotted, and the wheel being submerged in the water was tinged green with the brown wood. It was quite a sight, Jonathan found himself overwhelmed with curiosity, and the need to find a place to call home. He loved wandering out in the wide open, more so than Justin or any of the other rats for that matter, but even a wandering soul needs to find a place to rest his head. Crossing the river was easy enough, finding a safe entrance was another. The original entrance up the stairs had collapsed, and the foundation was overgrown. However, Jonathan did find a way in, in the form of a board that was once a section of siding that had broken off and formed a perfect improvised ramp into the building. He stood before the building, peering in, sniffing the air for any signs of inhabitants or danger. All Jonathan could smell was the musty air. The sun had started to go down, bathing the near colorless floor in a deep orange through and casting harsh shadows on the inside where the broken siding was not reaching. The room was anything but empty; containing old rope hanging from the rafters; collections of aging fishing gear were strewn about the floor, along with other odds and ends dotted the place. Jonathan recognized the battered remains of a table and chair, mostly trash. Everything else like the metal gears and cogs that transferred the power of the river through to a mechanical saw, or whatever the system was hooked up to, had been removed. A gaping hole dominated where the complicated machine once stood, reflections of water underneath the building where the hole was caste blue and green water reflections onto the top of the ceiling. Jonathan gingerly dropped from his entrance, the boards creaking even under his light frame. This was less than an ideal place for a night's rest, but still, he wanted to explore the space. The colony had gotten used to his extended 'tours of duty', and they wouldn't be expecting him for a while. Besides they're grown up now, they can take care of themselves. And even if they get rowdy, Justin and the rest of the guards can keep the peace. He darted between the rusted minnow traps and fishing reels. Perhaps the string could be salvaged? Should we start harvesting fish? These were the thoughts that drifted through his mind as he relaxed his stance and strolled between the debris, as the boards creaked under his feet. He walked to the back of the mill when his thoughts turned inward once again. Will I remain with the colony after we find Thorn Valley? And even after that, will NIMH finally relent and let us live in peace? He then remembered reading in a discarded newspaper last week about NIMH finding the burned out husk in the woods, and how they suspected they're escaped test subjects blew themselves up. Jonathan laughed on the inside. As long as they believe we're dead, I'm fine with them calling off their search. He stepped over to the massive hole in the floor and peered down. He cautiously edged closer to the rotten boards, watching where he placed his feet as the boards continued to moan. It was easily a good ten or so foot drop down into the still blue water underneath the mill, the water wheel churning just outside. His curiosity slated, he gingerly found his original entrance, and used it to leave. The sun was barely peaking over the horizon, a purple and red sky was slowly beginning to give way to the black of night, and Jonathan figured it was time to return to the colony, no doubt worried sick by now, so he followed the river bank back to his crossing. What he didn't notice however was a large, furry, hungry being was stalking him in the long grass just out of sight. Jonathan had his mind on other things to notice, he was deep in a trance, wishing it wasn't so far to travel back to the tree line. The lack of sleep was catching up to him and it had hit him all at once. He was so out of it he didn't hear a stick snap behind him. Oh what I would give for a hot meal, a pillow, and a sleeping bag, Right now. He groaned and threw his head back as he walked along the bank, he was about halfway to the crossing, and too far away he whined. The being slinked in the grass, muscles tense under the black fur. A pair of yellow eyes barely visible over the grass as it inched ever closer to the unsuspecting mouse. The air smelled so sweet this time of year; the flowers reaching bloom, the stench of a cat in the air— a cat? Jonathan snapped out of his state, a cat? Why do I smell a ca- Oh no… He froze in mid stride and spun around. His heart pounded in his ears as his eyes darted around his surroundings, looking for the source of the smell. He couldn't spy anything out of the ordinary in the tall grass, but it was the wrong time of day to see clearly through the thick grass, the sun had gone down, limiting his vision. He started to panic. No, get a hold of yourself Jon! You can't start panicking now you idiot, just breathe… He forced himself to shut out the outside world, every reflex and instinct screamed at him to run, but he had to calm his furious heart and racing mind. If he started running without knowing where the cat was, he could find himself running straight into it. He drew in a deep sigh, and let it out slowly. Jonathan's heart rate was nearing normal, when out of the grass in front of him a deep growl that shook Jonathan to his core. He opened his eyes as fast as they could physically go, and stared into the dark. The wind came up, but Jonathan didn't avert his gaze from the field, trying to pierce the thicket with his gaze. Then he saw them. Two yellow orbs gleamed from the darkness, a slim shadow swished behind the eyes, the beasts' tail. Jonathan's blood ran cold and his heart stopped. The orbs seemed to notice Jonathan's change in stance, as the orbs narrowed slightly. He kept his head pointed in the creatures' direction, while his eyes darted to his left towards the river crossing. It was too far away to dash from his location, he knew the cat was bigger and faster than him by tenfold; it would catch him before he even reached the river. He swallowed, his eyes shot to the right, the mill was marginally closer. He could possibly make it back to the mill, but didn't know for sure. He was, quite literally, stuck between a rock and a hard place. Instinct screamed at him to move, he started to formulate a plan that, hopefully, would throw the cat off momentarily and give him a small window of opportunity. He calmly breathed in, his eyes on the slowly widening orbs, and slowly raised his left foot in the direction of the river, never removing his sight from the predator. The orbs reacted, descending lower to the ground. It was preparing to jump. Jonathan's brows slowly started to furrow as his raised foot touched the cold soil, willing all the courage he could muster for what he was about to do. Come on you big stupid pussy cat, take the bait… The creature roared as it jumped out of the darkness, deadly sharp claws extended anticipating Jonathan to dart left and fall into its grasp. Jonathan was momentarily stunned by the size of the cat and how quickly it moved for its enormous size. He didn't dwell on it long, as he pushed off his left foot with all his might, kicking up dust, and took off to his right towards the mill. The cat landed on the empty spot it thought the mouse would be, taking in a mouth full of cold dirt instead of a small, warm, and delicious mouse. It recovered, spat out the dirt, let out an enraged roar and took off after the prey. What kind of cat roars like a dragon?! Jonathan thought. Adrenaline filled his veins as he ran full speed on all fours for the safe sanctum of the mill. He heard the angry beast come thundering from behind, gaining fast. The cat howled as it jumped for him again. Jonathan thought fast and shot left, into the field the cat had emerged from. The cat landed with an earth shaking thud, missing Jonathan by mere inches. The long grass slowed him considerably, needing to weave in and out of blades that blocked a straight running path. He clambered over bundles and crawled under others, desperate to reach safety he tried to keep the mill's roof protruding over the tall dark blades in front of him as often as possible. He was maybe ten or so feet from it, give or take. A claw cut through the grass in front of him, missing him, but interrupting his train of thought. Math can wait; I just need to reach that mill in one piece. Suddenly the cats head burst from where the claw burst forth, yellow enraged eyes darted around, looking for its meal. Jonathan thought quickly, he knew if he were to stay in the thick grass he would be slowed down even more, and his window for escape would close completely, if the window hasn't closed on him already. The cat turned and roared as it spotted Jonathan. The cat lunged for him. Jonathan, without hesitation, jumped up with all his might as the sharp blades of teeth dove for his flesh. The cat bit down on a group of grass stocks, and Jonathan didn't waste any time kicking the cat in the eyes as he ran over its head. The cat reeled as Jonathan ran down the length of its back, struggling to keep upright because the hairy beasts' fur was matted beyond belief, and because the cat was thrashing as it yowled from the pain of Jonathan's twin feet. Jonathan touched down behind the animal and continued his dash for survival towards the mill, the board he climbed earlier beckoning him into the building once more. He didn't slow down as he hurled himself at the ramp and ran, the dark opening continued to beckon him. The cat had recovered, and seeing its dinner nearly out of its grasp, grew even more infuriated with its own incompetence. It ran at the prey as it neared the opening in the wall. Jonathan was so close, he was almost to the entrance when an unearthly roar caught him off- guard, and he stumbled. No, of all the times! He cursed as he tried to get his legs out of flight mode, and back underneath him. His claws on his hands dug into the board, holding on for dear life as he managed to get back onto his feet and continued to safety. The cat dove for its meal, sharp claws extended for purchase on the fur of Jonathan's back. The mouse managed to get its footing and managed to stumble out of reach. The cat's already bruised face ran into the improvised ramp, missing the mouse by a large margin. The board shattered under the force of the body. Jonathan was flung into the air, just shy of the entrance. No! Jonathan's hope shattered like the ramp as he flew through the air. He tumbled down, passing his opening to the mill just out of reach, and landed on the ground in an unceremonious heap. He recovered quickly however, and saw a new opening for escape underneath the flooring to the mill. He didn't hesitate as he shot for the new escape. He found himself in the dark recess under the mill, unable to see anything past his own paw directly in front of him. But he didn't care as he tripped over debris and anything else in the dark to escape his chaser. He remembered the alcove under the mill, if he could reach that and dive into the water below, he might be safe. He had to get there first. He risked a glance over his shoulder to see his pursuer, and was pleasantly surprised by the sight. The cat had not recovered from smashing its head into the board; the cat lay on its stomach, yowling in agony as it laid there in a dazed state. Jonathan couldn't help but start feeling incredibly smug. \"Ha!\" He gloated, \"Outsmarted by me you jerk!\" He flung his hands in the air in the shape of a popular gesture humans used to show their disgust. Or in this case, proving who won this battle. He continued his victory dance as the ground underneath him flexed. \"Serves you right you overgrown furry piece of—\" The ground underneath his feet collapsed, and he tumbled into darkness.[Chapter 10] Chapter 9: Alcove. Jonathan was spewing insults one moment, and then the next he found himself freefalling into the dark abyss. He couldn't find the air to scream as blue and black flashed in rapid succession in his view, before he knew it; he slammed into a concrete surface. The air that had managed to stay in his lungs as he screamed was knocked out of him, as the concrete gave way, and then enveloped him. He had landed in the alcove under the mill, the soft 'roof' he was dancing on was too thin to support the action, and a small trap door released, dropping him into the water below. He instinctively inhaled, and took in a mouth full of water for his troubles. He began to panic as he thrashed for the surface, he wanted to cough, to breathe in air, but it was impossible as long as he was still submerged. Thankfully he hadn't sunken very deep, and broke the surface of the water with a relieved gasp. He wasn't the best swimmer, so with a good amount of flailing and splashing, he managed to set his feet on soft sand near a small beach, and dragged himself up. The water he had swallowed began evacuating itself in erratic coughs as he knelt on his hands and knees in the shallow water. He was relieved when he finally stopped coughing; he shook the water off the best he could, and began to scope out his surroundings. His throat still ached as he stood in awe in the area he had accidently fell into. The small alcove underneath the mill was actually just the opening to a massive cave system that ran under the building, aged and rotted support structures unsteadily held the building above. Jonathan was awe struck at the sheer size of the place, it was impossible to see how far the cave went, stalactites shot up from the water in broken spires blocking the view deeper into the cave. Jonathan thought he heard the sound of dripping water echo somewhere deep inside the natural chamber. The blue water he had climbed out of cast wavering white reflected shadows on the black stone near the water surface, sometimes reaching the ceiling, a simple white flash revealing small stalagmites hanging in an ominous point above. The beach he had stumbled on ran out from the mouth of the cave outside, disappearing around the entrance. In the other direction it widened, then disappeared into the darkness, deeper into the cave. Jonathan was overwhelmed with curiosity; he wanted to see what was down there, but then he remembered a certain rat colony was probably pulling their hair out in worry as to where their best scout—and shelter finder—had ran off to. Curiosity will have to wait for now, this place is perfect for a nights rest from the elements, exploration will happen once we get settled. Jonathan hesitantly stood, exhaustion had set in again after the threat of being eaten and drowning had worn off. He cautiously followed the beach out of the cave, sniffed the air for the cat, which probably gave up and went home bruised and beaten, and satisfied it was clear Jonathan started the trek back to the field. This time however just to be safe he found an alternate route across the river, in case the cat didn't learn anything and still lingered. It was thoroughly dark by the time he reached the temporary rat camp. Hastily assembled tents and lean-to's had been set up around small fires in a tight circle, the guards were constantly patrolling the perimeter with improvised weapons—mostly sharpened sticks—and a number of them jumped and took a defensive stance when they heard the sound of something moving towards them from the dark. \"Don't attack, it's just me.\" Jonathan said, approaching the wary guard nearest him. It was Justin. \"Jonathan…\" Justin lowered his weapon. A look of surprise and relief flashed across his features. \"What…Where have you been? We've been waiting for you for the last couple of hours!\" \"I ran into a little 'problem'. I'm fine by the way.\" Jonathan said wryly. Justin just scoffed off Jonathan's attempt at being smart. \"Did you find anything after your little problem?\" \"A place to bunk for the night, I think.\" Jonathan shrugged \"It's next to a river a little ways from here. Whenever the colony is ready we can head out.\" \"Is it more protected than where we are now?\" Justin worried. \"If you mean 'you don't have to do twenty laps around the colony every second', then yes\" Justin's shoulders slouched, the sharp point of the improvised spear stuck into the ground. \"That's reassuring.\" Justin sighed. \"I doubt the colony is going to rush to it though, we just got fires going.\" Justin turned back to Jonathan, who had fallen asleep standing up. Justin was contemplating waking him up with the blunt end of his spear, but decided against it. He settled for pushing him over with a paw. Jonathan fell onto his backside. \"Hey, what gives jerk?\" Jonathan shouted. \"You fell asleep standing up.\" Justin laughed. \"By the way, why are you soaking wet?\" \"That was part of my little 'problem'. Is that really important right now?\" Jonathan questioned. \"No I guess it's not.\" Justin chuckled. \"So, do you think you could remember getting there?\" \"Oh yes, no problem.\" \"Good.\" Justin clapped his hands together in excitement once more. \"I'll get everyone ready to go, Jonathan lead the way!\" Justin ran into the middle of the encampment, announcing the news to anyone in earshot. The obvious sounds of disdain and exhaustion echoed through the air in equal amounts from the colonists. Again they packed their things, reluctantly, and followed the small mouse to a river. The mouse showed a place to cross the river, hopping across rocks and landing on the other side with relative ease. The colonists followed shortly behind, albeit a little less composed as they splashed about on their way across, and they reached the foundation of the old water mill. \"Jon what's with you and old fixer-uppers?\" Justin remarked, fixing his jacket after crossing the river. \"It's not the mill I'm after.\" Jonathan motioned, \"It's what under the mill that has my interest.\" He pointed into the dark area under the aging structure. Jonathan ran ahead, the colony followed shortly behind. As Jonathan approached the mouth of the massive cave, hushed tones of wonderment and awe echoed through the space from the colonists as Jonathan revealed the secret. The beach they walked on had only two sets of footprints, both Jonathan's. \"I don't see what you meant by 'you thought you found a place.\" Justin gawked at the place. \"This is just the beginning.\" Jonathan raised his arms in the air. \"This is just most of the system. I think there might be more back here, but I'm not sure.\" \"Oh I see; you brought us here so you could explore.\" Justin connected the dots in his head. \"Yes and no.\" Jonathan defended. \"I was thinking we could check the rest of the place out tomorrow after getting some shut-eye.\" \"Fair enough, the search party can check it out in the morning.\" Justin agreed. \"Right now though, I'm going to crash.\" Justin let out a noisy yawn, and excused himself. The search party, if you could call it that. Jonathan thought. The fact that two of their most senior members decided to take a 'Dishonorable discharge', the party just consisted of him, Justin, and Cartmen. And Cartmen was still incredibly inexperienced. Thankfully it wasn't just Justin, Jonathan and Cartmen doing guard duty alone; a very large majority of the population signed up for security detail, so to speak, but none of the recruits were interested in risking their neck more than what was necessary. That meant nobody was keen on joining the search party. Jonathan began thinking if it was worth his time to continue on the squad, nobody really seemed to appreciate the fact that it had shrank, and worst yet that no one seemed to be in any hurry to fill in the open spaces. He stopped thinking like that, it isn't going to get you anywhere Jon, just go to bed and sort this mess out tomorrow. Morning crept into the cave. The fires had long since burned out, but the orange glow of the embers still waned. The sounds of the water wheel outside as it continued its endless circumference was swallowed by the sheer size of the cave. The silence however, was going to be broken. The colony was screamed awake. A slender light brown rat was running in frantic circles, searching for something. It was Jennifer; she was screaming the name of her youngest son, Eric. A number of the guards on duty, including Cartmen, came running at the sound of trouble, weapons drawn. \"Jen, what are you yelling about? What's wrong?\" Cartmen ran to his love, dropping the poor excuse of a weapon on the beach. She dove for his arms. In a fit of hysteria and fear she could barely form a coherent sentence as she gripped the sleeves of Cartmen's shirt in tight bundles. \"Cartmen, Cartmen, I…I can't…\" She stammered, eyes darting around looking for something still, she was on the verge of hyperventilating. \"Babe, what is it? What's going on?\" Cartmen tried to reassure her with little success. \"Cartmen, it's…its.\" She tried again, her mind failing at forming the words she did not dare say. \"It's what Jennifer, why are you yelling Eric's name?\" He gently cupped her frantically swinging head in his paws, trying to get her to focus; her eyes didn't stop darting around as she murmured on the verge of tears. \"It's Eric…I…I can't find him.\" \"What?\" Cartmen breathed. \"W-what do you mean you can't find him, Jen?\" \"I mean I can't find him Cartmen!\" She burst into hysterical sobs. \"I put him to bed last night with his sister and the twins after you left for your rounds…\" She released a tuft of Cartmen's sleeve and began to furiously massage her temple, trying to recall every second of the night before; worry lines were visible on her face through her fur as she choked back more violent sobs. \"…He went straight to bed after you left, and he was still in bed when I went to lie down for the night. Then this morning.\" She covered her face in her paws, and she gracefully fell into Cartmen's embrace, and released deep, soul piercing cries. Cartmen's form barely suppressed the noise. He was completely in awe, the situation hadn't sunk in yet that his youngest son had disappeared in the middle of the night. His eyes scanned the camp in a futile attempt to spot him; maybe she just hadn't spotted him hiding under a bag playing hide-and-go-seek with his mother, or maybe playing on the beach, building sand castles. But it wasn't meant to be. He was gone, not hiding under the bag, or on the beach. The moment hit him all at once. Jonathan was awoken by the most blood curdling scream he had ever heard. At first he thought it may have been a nightmare he was experiencing. He had that kind of unpleasant nightmare before; sometimes his dreams would wander back to those helpless nights at the Facility, watching so many pass before his eyes, and the number of times he almost followed them. And sometimes they would move to Grace, in her last few nights alive. The dreams would sporadically happen, but when the scream continued as he shook himself awake, it dawned that whoever was screaming like that, it was very much real. A number of guards on duty ran past the door opening towards the disturbance. He jumped out of his cot and threw on his favorite brown vest and ran to Justin who had, surprisingly, not woken up yet. \"Justin, how can you still be asleep?!\" Jonathan ran to the cot where Justin lay, and began furiously shaking the sleeping rat. He didn't react, just shrugging him of and grunting. \"Justin something is wrong, get off your freaking cot!\" He grumbled again, and lazily turned his head. \"You can handle it.\" He groggily answered, and his head dropped back onto the cot. \"No you lazy bum, you're the 'captain of the guard'.\"Jonathan resorted to desperate measures. He jumped onto the cot, and with all his might, jumped on the side opposite the wall. The cot slowly tipped over, the weight of Jonathan, coupled by the momentum of Justin as he rolled to the side nearing the floor, and had dumped the occupants onto the floor. Justin unceremoniously slammed face down on the cold beach sand, while Jonathan jumped back, avoiding the inevitable irate being soon to appear. \"And being the 'Captain of the Guard' means you have to do your damn job!\" Justin raised his face off of the ground, spitting sand out of his mouth. \"You are such a pain.\" Justin grumbled as he gingerly raised himself up. Jonathan didn't stick around for the reprisal; he sprinted out of the hastily constructed barracks towards the commotion outside. Justin managed to collect himself enough to catch the tail end of the conversation. \"…What do you mean you can't find him, Jen?\" Cartmen stammered. Justin wiped some dirt from his eye as he listened. What is Jennifer so upset about? \"I mean I can't find him Cartmen!\" Jennifer hysterically shouted. Can't find who? Justin wanted to ask. \"I put him to bed last night with his sister and the twins after you left for your rounds…\" She seemed to calm slightly, though still frantic. It must be one of their kids. \"…He went straight to bed after you left, and he was still in bed when I went to lie down for the night. Then this morning.\" She couldn't hold it back anymore; she buried her head in Cartmen's chest and began to cry. The sound alone made Justin sick to his stomach; he hated the sound of a woman crying, and he hated himself for wanting to stay in bed and ignore the situation. He was contemplating punching himself in the head, when Jonathan grabbed the arm he was thinking about using to bludgeon himself with. \"See Justin, we are all needed right now.\" Justin sighed heavily, all signs of fatigue left with the breath leaving his mouth. \"I suppose your right.\" \"J-Justin, J-Jonathan...\" Cartmen managed to stutter out their names. His eyes had reddened, either trying to hold back his sadness, or releasing it in the only way he knew how. \"I-I need your guy's help.\" \"You can count on it, Cartmen.\" Jonathan answered for both of them. \"What do you need us to do?\" \"O-our youngest, Eric, h-he's gone missing.\" \"How long ago did you learn he was missing?\" Justin asked. \"I noticed he wasn't in his bed at sunrise.\" Jennifer regained some composure and answered for Cartmen, who took his turn breaking down. \"So he hasn't been missing long, maybe an hour or so.\" Jonathan whispered to no one in particular. \"So that means you have no idea what direction he went in.\" \"No, when he usually takes off he lets me know where he's going, this time—\" They were interrupted by a guard shouting. \"Hey, hey, hey, hey, everyone, I found something!\" Dylan the guard shouted. \"What is it Dylan?\" Justin answered. \"I found footprints over here!\" He pointed to the ground in front of him. \"Those are my footprints Dylan.\" Jonathan sighed, Dylan had a bit of a reputation for making mistakes, so this was nothing out of the ordinary. \"No their not, yours are right next to them, these are a little smaller.\" Dylan defended, pointing at them again. Jonathan and a number of guards, including Cartmen and Jennifer, came over to the rat to investigate his claim. It was true; there were two different footprints in the soft sand. Jonathan's were a little longer, and the edges of the day old prints were dulling with the elements. The ones next to them were considerably smaller, wider, but the same length. It was obvious they were fresher, their edges still crisp in the malleable sand. \"See Jon, I wasn't kidding, these are smaller.\" Jonathan was pleasantly surprised. They now had something to go on; apparently Eric had followed in Jonathan's footprints in the sand. \"All right everyone who wants to help follows the footsteps, but don't step on them.\" Justin grabbed a torch and walked forward ahead of Jonathan, who was still inspecting the footprints, along with a number of the guards, and Jennifer with Cartmen followed as well. Jonathan let the large search party mostly pass him by, his eye unintentionally catching the last two members at the back of the pack. Cartmen and Jennifer looked at each other with careful optimism, hands intertwined as they followed the search party. Jonathan found himself slightly bothered by their show of affection; their sideways glances at each other, those split seconds of eye contact spoke more volumes to them more than a fireworks display, the way their hands were joined, fingers laced together, made Jonathan's skin crawl and his head spin. It's not fair, it just isn't fair. Why was his time with Grace so short? Why did he have to suffer such a loss but everyone else seemed to stick together, or move on so easily? He found himself here, in an alien world, an alien himself thanks to NIMH; with no-one else to relate to, no-one else to look at the same way Cartmen and Jennifer looked at each other. He was so envious of them, if he could have done something else different, anything, he could have saved her. He could be standing here with her, holding her hand, not stuffing his in his jacket pockets. He began running through all the different possibilities in his head, something he had done several times since the escape. If they gotten out earlier, maybe. If he could've tried harder to stop the scientists, if he could have done something different, changed something just enough it would've changed her fate and changed his fate too. Oh how he missed those fleeting moments he had with her; the time his hand was around her waist and how nervous he was the whole time, the first time they met she leaned on him and fell asleep. Help restrain her during the seizures. Being there when he woke up after another tormenting round of tests, and she did not wake up. And how at that moment he realized she was gone, and he was alone, and how he would never, in this lifetime, experience those feelings again. There was nothing you could do. The rational thinking part of his brain said, cutting through all the irrational thoughts in his head. It wasn't your fault, no matter what you could have done, no matter what you could have done differently; it still would have ended the same. It had nothing to do with you. Or did it? The irrational side fired back. No, it didn't. What about the vision, she was most definitely there; you felt her presence, her smell, her touch! Jonathan scoffed aloud at himself. He had decided a while back the vision he had seen when he was technically dead was just his brain; just the last of his neurons firing as they slowly started dying. That's all it was, a vision. How can you dismiss it as just a vision? It was her, in the flesh! Before the rational part of his mind formed its rebuttal, it was interrupted by a voice from the outside of Jonathan's mind. \"Jon, do you think you could stop giving us the stare of Death, you're really starting to freak us out.\" Cartmen and Jennifer were both staring at him, nervous looks covered their expressions. Jonathan finally realized while his thoughts were warring inside his head he was unconsciously glaring at them, unblinking. Jonathan found he was all of a sudden very embarrassed, and quickly changed his expression. \"Oh, oh jeez, I'm so sorry, I was lost in my thoughts\" He faked a smirk, while lightly slapping the side of his head. \"Stupid thoughts, quit making me look stupid!\" He nervously chuckled and shrugged. They seemed unconvinced, still staring apprehensively, afraid to turn their backs to him in case he attacked them. Jonathan was getting more nervous, and noticed he didn't fix the situation with humor. He cleared his throat, \"I'm uh, I'm going to see if Justin needs some help.\" And with Cartmen and Jennifer's eyes still watching him, he made his way to the front of the search party, dodging glances as he moved. Justin cautiously walked at the front, making sure not to step on the fragile, and small, footprints. He noticed Jonathan walking towards him, head down, grumbling to himself. Or more like Justin heard Jonathan grumbling towards him. \"What's eating at you now?\" Justin asked. \"It's nothing.\" Was the short answer from Jonathan. \"You sure about—\" \"Positive.\" \"All right, if you say so.\" Justin knew better than to prod, asking what bothered Jonathan would just make him more upset. Justin just shrugged it off, when Jonathan was ready to talk, he would talk. The footsteps followed Jonathan's for a spell, nearly side by side, until they abruptly turned off after Jonathan's disappeared into the water's edge. \"What happened to you last night, if you don't mind me asking?\" Justin eyed the day old prints and drag marks rise from the water. \"Well, I was chased by a cat under the mill.\" Jonathan said. \"And when I outsmarted it, I kind of had a celebration.\" Jonathan scanned the 'roof' of the cave, and sure enough an orange beam of sunlight shot through a small craggy opening near the center of the cavern. \"There.\" Jonathan pointed, \"Was my entrance.\" Justin started to laugh. \"Talk about a hot drop.\" \"Yeah, tell me about it.\" Jonathan scoffed, and they continued on with the search. The newer footprints seemed to wander, wavering in wide arcs, suggesting Eric was probably bored and taking in the sights. \"Well it looks like he wasn't taken.\" Justin said towards Cartmen and Jennifer. \"It's looking like he came here under his own free will.\" A collection of relieved sighs echoed in the cave, resonating into an area in the dark ahead of them. \"That was strange.\" Jonathan whispered. \"What was?\" Justin said. \"Light your torch, there's something over there.\" Jonathan motioned towards the harsh blackness ahead of them; the aimless footprints disappeared in the direction. Justin complied, and in moments a soft wavering orange glow dissipated the harsh darkness, revealing a small tunnel that wound farther into the dark out of the range of the small torch's radius. \"Wow.\" Was the collective word that was used by the crowd. The footprints abruptly stopped on the stone, entering the cave. \"Well we know he went this way.\" Jonathan said with optimism. The opening to the tunnel curved upwards slightly, and was large enough to allow Jonathan through with little resistance, for the rats however, it would be a bit of a squeeze. \"You ready to go in?\" Jonathan asked the crowd behind him. A number of them nodded, except for Cartmen and Justin. \"What, aren't you coming Cartmen, it's your son.\" Jonathan stared, quizzically this time, at the portly rat. \"I uh, I don't think I can fit in there.\" Cartmen began nervously rubbing his neck with his free hand, the other still in Jennifer's. \"You're not going to try?\" Jennifer asked anxiously turning to him, tears threatening to tarnish her face once again. \"I don't dare try and get stuck, Jen.\" Cartmen stated, \"I really don't want to block the one possible way out.\" \"Fine, I'll try.\" She released his hand, and stepped forward, motioning she was joining the search for her son as well. \"And that leaves just you Justin, what's your reason?\" Jonathan was slightly curious as to why Justin's eyes grew wide and his skin tone under his fur turned pale. \"Tight spaces, can't do them.\" Justin mumbled. \"But I've seen you crawl through small spaces before, how is this different?\" Jonathan asked, unconvinced he start prodding. \"It's got something to do with me crawling through a small hole under the earth, and do you know what the earth has a tendency to do?\" Justin stated. \"What does the earth do…?\" Jonathan asked, taking the bait. \"It has a tendency to shift under your feet.\" Justin said dryly, eyeballing the tunnel opening like a demon was going to reach out and drag him in against his will. \"Imagine if you were under it when it shifted.\" \"Ah, I see. Give me the torch then, I'll lead the way.\" Jonathan held his hand out waiting for the hand-off, Justin handed it over without removing his gaze from the tunnel. \"Alright, we'll be back with Eric before lunch!\" Jonathan turned to enter the tunnel; the flame's light slowly faded into the tunnel as he ducked his head and began to enter, the rest of the search party lingered a moment, letting the mouse inspect the opening before they themselves entered. \"Wait a second.\" Cartmen shouted. Jonathan and others turned, and then learned he wasn't aiming the order at them. Cartmen gently stopped Jennifer by reaching for her hand, and spun her around, \"Be careful in there, I don't dare think of something happening to you and I can't save you.\" His usually joking demeanor and care-free attitude disappeared, replaced with a cold and dead serious expression of fear for her safety. There was that look again, the look Jonathan was so envious of. He wasn't prepared for what would happen next. Cartmen cupped Jennifer's delicate face in his ham-fisted hands, and planted a tender kiss on her, and she returned it. They departed swiftly, and then embraced. \"I don't know what I would do without you.\" He whispered to her. \"I'll be careful honey.\" She whispered back, a light quiver in her tone. \"If the kids ask where they're mother and their brother went, tell them we went for a walk.\" \"They won't believe it.\" Cartmen said wryly. \"I know.\" Jennifer said. They both shared a silent chuckle. Jonathan felt his head spin, his stomach do a flip, and if gravity wasn't holding him down, he probably would have done back flips as well. It was almost too much to bear, why did you watch you fool? Jonathan didn't think it was possible for him to get anymore envious, but he did. So much more envious that it overflowed into other emotions like anger, and jealousy. Why did they have the sudden urge to be so affectionate? He knew the reason, his rational part of his mind reminded him, but he didn't like it one bit. He found himself surprisingly short tempered all of a sudden. \"Let's go everyone, times a wasting.\" The words emerged harsher sounding than he cared to admit, but he got the point across, the couple glanced his way, and they reluctantly separated. \"Come back soon, with Eric, safe and sound.\" Cartmen said, as he reluctantly let her hands slowly slide from his. She remained silent, only looking back with a small hopeful smile; the look spoke more meaning than any words she could say. Jonathan slid into the tunnel, the torch outstretched in his short arm, illuminating the dark and dank passageway. A trickle of water glistened along the floor of the tunnel as it climbed up and twisted into the darkness the torch wasn't powerful enough to pierce. He ducked into the tunnel, and began a careful ascension into the inky blackness, followed by four rats, including Jennifer, leading the back of the pack. The wet tunnel twisted and turned, narrowing in places and widening in others, Jonathan made sure to holler back at the larger creatures following him, making sure none had the unpleasant misfortune of being stuck in a tight bend. Jonathan however, wasn't thinking about anyone as he wound another corner, feeling rather downtrodden by everything and nothing all at once. How come it bothered him so much, Jennifer and Cartmen's public displays of affection? He, along with the whole colony, had seen it more than once. But this morning's display of affection seemed to grate him beyond belief. But why, was the question that stuck out the most. Why, why, why. The sounds of voices carrying in the tunnel snapped him out of his thoughts. He hadn't noticed the whole composition of the walls, ceiling and floor had changed; it was no longer dank solid stone, it was now dry and sandy. A light breeze blew through the tunnel, tickling the whiskers on his face. They must have climbed into a different shelf in the earth, closer to the surface. Then why don't I see sunlight yet? The torch was starting to get dangerously low, its fire waning, its glow growing weaker by the second. What's worse he could feel the fire start warming his hand to near uncomfortable levels; they had to find Eric, and fast. \"Eric!\" Jonathan shouted down the tunnel. His voice violently cracked at the volume he was asking his vocal chords to reach, and the shout came out more like a squeak. Dammit, that's embarrassing. Thankfully it sounded like nobody was going to say anything; it was too dire a situation to start joking. Jonathan cleared his throat, and tried again. \"ERIC!\" His voice boomed down the dark passageway, an octave lower than when his voice originally attempted. He nodded approvingly to himself, much better . It echoed into the darkness ahead, and with bated breath everyone stood dead silent listening for a reply, the only sound in the tunnels was the torch fire crackling as it burned. Then they heard something. \"Hello?\" a tiny voice echoed from far away. \"Eric is that you?!\" Jennifer cried with elation, pushing her way to the front of the line, just behind Jonathan. Her voice echoed down the tunnel. No reply. \"Eric sweetie, please talk to me, are you alright?\" Jennifer hollered, her voice quivering. No reply. \"Eric?\" She cried again. She pushed her way past Jonathan, and ran into the darkness, calling her sons name as she slowly began to fade into the tunnel. \"Jennifer, come back!\" Jonathan hastily shouted after her. He was surprised when she shoved past him, nearly knocking what was left of the torch onto the ground. \"Jennifer, you have to stay with the group. Come Back!\" Jonathan began to panic; her pattering feet as she ran began to get farther and farther away. Of all the things that could happen right now… \"Don't lose her Jon.\" Someone stated. \"Oh dear god what if she falls into a pit?\" another worried. \"We're not going to let that happen, everyone, double time!\" The group took after Jennifer, Jonathan leading the way with the near burned out torch. He called her name as he ran after her, \"Jennifer! Dammit, if you get hurt Cartmen will never forgive me!\" The tunnel kept winding through the earth, with still no signs of sunlight, or any other light other than the torch for that matter. The fire burned perilously close to Jonathan's hand. Come on, some kind of break would be nice right now. He kept running, the tunnel widened slightly, and it was less of a hassle for the larger rats to move about, now they could catch up to Jonathan, who ran father ahead trying to catch Jennifer. \"Jennifer, please, slow down!\" The rapid pattering of her feet was now all but gone, either she was running on all fours, or she… No, Jonathan couldn't think like that, not right now. If she had the misfortune of falling into a crevice, or god forbids another chasm, it was most likely what happened to Eric. Damn, I'm thinking about it. \"Jennifer!\" He hoarsely shouted, \"Come on Jen, talk to…\" Jonathan tripped on a protruding root and cursed, flinging the torch in the process. Embers flew off the stick as it bounced off the tunnel wall, and extinguished on the ground. It was perpetually dark now. The only thing he saw was the quickly fading embers. \"Jonathan, what happened?\" Someone shouted from behind. \"I tripped, the torch is out.\" \"Any sign of Jennifer or Eric?\" \"No, neither.\" Now Jonathan was getting frustrated, the un-ending needs of the colony, Eric running off, the torch, and now Jennifer disappearing after her son was pushing him into a very dark place, figuratively speaking, that he was trying to avoid being in right now. \"Watch your footing when you come around…\" someone tripped on the root Jonathan was in the process of warning about, and crashed down on top of him. \"…The corner, there's a root sticking out of the ground.\" \"Oh, sorry about that Jon…\" Dylan said, embarrassed. \"Just get off me!\" Jonathan growled, pushing the being off him. Jonathan huffed, stood up and began carefully moving forwards, his hand against the wall for support and to keep his bearings. He didn't care if he left Dylan still trying to get up, or leaving the rest of the group in a state of surprise at his sudden outburst, he just wanted to find Eric and get out of this stupid place. \"Hey I said I was sorry Jon!\" Dylan said from out of the darkness behind Jonathan. He didn't listen; he was fixated on his goal as he stumbled in the dark. He started calling for Jennifer and Eric after he got a ways from the group, for some reason they weren't in a terrible hurry to catch up to the short tempered mouse right now. Jonathan kept stumbling through the dark, his eyes barely adjusting to the pitch black, he stumbled over another root, and cursed once more. Eyesight was next to useless right now. He'd have to use the other senses. The breeze was still tickling his nose, still faint even after traveling farther into the earth. His strained to hear anything in the dark, the only sounds were the group whispering and stumbling in the dark behind him, an occasional water drop somewhere ahead, But absolutely no sound of Jennifer, or Eric. He kept smelling water, or rather the smell of water flowing around dirt. It had a very distinct smell in the stale air in the tunnel, but there was something else, something else he hadn't noticed earlier. There was the faint smell of flowers. What kind of flowers, Jonathan didn't have a clue, but he could most definitely smell them. This pushed him on, maybe this meant there was an opening of some sort ahead, it would emerge some ways away from the alcove, but it would most definitely take them to the surface, eventually. What greeted him as he rounded the last bend completely took him by surprise. It was a sliver of light, emanating down the passageway Jonathan was stumbling through. Jonathan released a relieved sigh, and ran for the haven called sunlight. How long have they spent in this tunnel? How far ahead have Jennifer and Eric gotten? Maybe they got out and found each other, and they were on their way back to the colony. That's what Jonathan was hoping for anyway. The light greeted him in full as he rounded the corner, but it wasn't coming from the sun, not directly anyways. What greeted his eyes with the light was a monstrous cavern, a massive open area as far as the eye could see. The light was coming from several small holes in the ceiling of the place, the light revealed natural bridges all connecting to one massive stone pillar that dominated the center of the natural 'room'. A small stream laced through the center of the cave, running along the pillar into a small hole in the wall. The other ends of the bridges all ran and laced their ways into the walls. Atop of the giant support that held the place open were the twisted and almost alien looking fingers of a plant growing on the surface above. No matter the thickness of the earth, plants seem to be able to push the thickest stone apart with patience and the strength no moving creature could ever possess. Jonathan was, simply put, awestruck. He snapped out of his state when he felt the presence of the rest of the search party coming up behind him, their exasperated gasps and awes echoed in the cave as they fanned out, cautiously, and began scanning the space. Suddenly movement out in the distance caught everyone's eye. \"Eric! Jennifer!\" They were standing two levels apart, Jennifer was on a twisting natural bridge, struggling to keep her balance as she tried to reach the level her son was on, and Eric was sitting on a ledge attached to the massive pillar in the middle of the room, kicking his feet idly over the edge chatting at his obviously panicking mother. Both beings were a good distance off the ground, and if anyone of them were to fall it would most definitely be lethal. \"Oh hey guys, hey Uncle Jon!\" Eric looked up from having the one-sided conversation with his mother, and noticed the small crowd that had entered the chasm. He waved enthusiastically. \"Eric, what—what on earth are you doing up there?!\" Jonathan shouted. He was surprised at how high up he was, Jonathan had to crane his neck just to look up at Eric. \"Oh, I was just exploring, see what I found?\" Eric said, full of pride as he spread his arms out at his find. \"You scared me half to death young man!\" Jennifer scolded, still inching her way towards him one level down. \"What on earth do you have to say about what you're doing here?\" Jennifer gasped as her foot slipped on some loose rock on the bridge and she fell onto her stomach. The search party all gasped with her and stood underneath the bridge, hoping to catch her in case she fell. \"I was just exploring.\" He said innocently to his mother. \"I want to be an explorer and a scout like Jonny…\" That struck Jonathan surprisingly deep, be like me, a scout? \"You, you want to be a scout?\" Jonathan couldn't help but ask. Eric just nodded. \"Don't you dare encourage him Jon!\" Jennifer interrupted, reaching the central pillar structure by crawling on all fours. She physically relaxed once she reached a more stable footing. Jonathan ignored her, and instead came up with a plan. \"Well then Eric, if you want to be like me.\" Jonathan began, catching the attention of Eric, who ears perked, waiting for more. Jennifer shot Jonathan a look of don't you dare. \"You have a strict rule to follow, alright?\" Eric nodded enthusiastically. Jonathan held up his pointer finger. \"Don't go off exploring without telling anyone.\" Eric slouched and frowned but nodded, letting Jonathan know he was still listening. \"So, did you tell anyone you were going to explore, especially your mother?\" \"No.\" Eric mumbled. Jennifer softened her stare at Jonathan, and realized what he was doing. \"Then I think the best thing to do right now is fall in and report back to base, don't you think?\" Jonathan said. Eric nodded slightly, and kicked his feet again. \"So, how did you get up there?\" Jonathan asked. \"Oh, this place is got tunnels and bridges and stuff like that everywhere.\" Eric said, seemingly unaffected by the gravity of the situation. \"I was explaining it to Ma before you guys got here. This place is huge enough it could fit everybody no problem.\" \"Well how about you get down from there before we start thinking what's best for the colony, okay Eric?\" Jennifer said, lost as to what to do now, there didn't seem to be a way up to Eric and his balcony, and she realized she was very high up. Eric let out an exasperated sigh, \"Don't worry mom, and stay right there I'll come to you.\" \"What?!\" Jennifer screamed. \"No don't jump down I'm coming up—\" \"I'm not going to jump ma.\" Eric assured, dismissing Jennifer's hysterical outcry as nothing out of the ordinary. \"Watch this.\" Eric stood from his ledge, dusted himself off and disappeared out of view from everybody. A few tense minutes later, Eric seemed to reappear on the same level as his distraught mother, rounding the corner in front of her in a lackadaisical manner. She nearly fell off the ledge at seeing her son seem to appear out-of-the-blue in front of her. \"Wait, how did you get down here, from up there…?\" Jennifer stammered, not entirely sure Eric was actually there. \"Like I said, this place is packed full of paths and stuff. Ain't that cool?\" Eric exclaimed. He was ambushed by a hug from his mother, who began to break down into tears, \"Yes Eric, it's really cool, now please don't ever do that to me again.\" He grumbled an acknowledgment, and tried to squirm out of her grasp, thoroughly embarrassed by her show of affection in front of the small crowd that formed below them. It wouldn't last much longer; Jonathan had seen enough public displays of affection today. \"All right we found you Eric, now its high-time we head back to the colony, let's move it everyone.\" The words came out harshly, once more than what was intended. The pair looked down on him, they wouldn't criticize his harshness, but right now he was more than right, they needed to get down and return to the rest of the colony. \"Eric, do you know a way down from here?\" Jennifer asked. With a cocky eyebrow, Eric took his mother's hand, and proceeded to cross the narrow walkway that Jennifer had crossed and nearly fallen off of not five minutes ago. Jonathan just watched from the ground as the two disappeared from sight into a passageway, expecting them to appear some distance away again. They did not disappoint. Some five minutes later the two appeared out of a darkened corner across the river from the search party, bewilderment covered Jennifer's features. \"I can't believe this place, its, its…\" Jennifer stuttered in disbelief, \"Incredible!\" she finally managed. \"Told you.\" Eric mumbled under his breath. \"Over here you two, this way is out.\" Jonathan shouted to them, waving them towards the group on the other side of the river. \"No, that's the long way Jon, there's a shorter way over here.\" Eric interjected, much to Jonathan's dismay. Jonathan had reached his wit's end, with the day, with the situation, with everything. He didn't want to argue with Eric, he wanted to get out of this place. \"Fine, we'll come to you, and you can lead the way out.\" \"Really, I can?!\" Eric exclaimed. Jonathan had to give it to the little guy, he really liked the idea of being a leader, by all means thought Jonathan, fuel his dream. \"It's your honor Eric, take the lead.\" Jonathan waved Eric ahead as the group crossed a natural bridge to their position. Eric puffed his chest out and marched forward in exaggerated strides as he led the group down another darkened passage. Jonathan lagged at the back of the pack, warring with his thoughts again. He was growing tired of the vicious cycle he found himself in. He hadn't realized he was mumbling aloud when someone in front of him turned their head to glare at him. He shook his head at the individual, letting him know the grumbling isn't aimed at him. The individual glared for a moment longer, then turned his full attention to the path ahead. In an alarmingly short amount of time they arrived back at the cove, where a hysterical Cartmen waited anxiously, and nervously, at the other entrance. He was more than surprised when he saw his son Eric and Jennifer emerge on the other side of a waterfall on the opposite shore line. The couple ran into each other's arms in the shallow pool, laughter and crying echoing in the air, as they kissed multiple times. Eric just furrowed his brow and whispered, \"Gross.\" He turned his attention from his parents back to Jonathan, who emerged from the tunnel last. His gaze fixated at his feet, his face completely unreadable. Eric called his name, and Jonathan looked up at Eric, his features lightened slightly. \"Hey Eric, what is it?\" \"I want my parents to personally thank you for finding me.\" Eric said. \"And I kind of want to say sorry for, well, taking off like that.\" Eric scratched at his arm nervously, waiting for a stern scolding. \"Don't worry about it Eric, just the next time you do something like that, just let me or your parents know, okay?\" Jonathan said positively, playfully smacking the arm Eric was scratching. Jonathan had to give it t the little guy again; he was quite mature for his age, and he was no longer the little tyke Jonathan could carry around, he was as tall as Jonathan now. \"Okay Uncle Jon, I'll make sure to do that.\" Eric chuckled and nodded. Cartmen and Jennifer made their way out of the shallow pool, holding hands and whispering sweet nothings to each other. \"Hey Dad, did you miss me?\" Eric ran at his father, and unlike Jonathan, Cartmen was big enough to still pick Eric up. Cartmen laughed, and rustled his youngest hair. \"Of course I did kiddo, did you say thanks, and sorry, to Jonathan?\" \"Yes Dad…\" Eric grumbled. \"Now it's your guy's turn.\" \"Of course it is thank you Jon, for everything.\" Cartmen hefted Eric in one arm, and held Jennifer in the other. Jennifer said her thanks, and the group began the trek back to camp. Along the way Jonathan walked beside the family in silence, unable to tune out Cartmen and Jennifer's whispered voices. They continued to walk in an embrace, Eric still being carried by Cartmen. As the couple continued to whisper to each other, Jonathan couldn't help but feel awkward. Unneeded, and out of place. His presence didn't affect them however, as they pecked, whispered, and giggled. I really don't want to be here for this. \"Hey guys?\" Jonathan said timidly. They didn't stop; Eric wriggled out of his father's grasp, and with a now free hand, held Jennifer close for a passionate kiss. Eric looked at Jonathan with a look of disgust, and made a gagging motion. Jonathan couldn't help but chuckle; at least it wasn't just him. No words were reaching their ears, so with a window of opportunity presenting itself, he started to walk away. \"Jon, where are you going?\" Cartmen asked after Jonathan, suddenly snapping back from his romantic state. \"Oh, my job is over with, I will leave you guys alone.\" Jonathan half-heartedly said, motioning towards the cove entrance. Cartmen and Jennifer looked at each other, then at him. \"Jon, you don't have to do that, you can tag along with us back to camp.\" Cartmen said heartily. \"Yeah, please don't let us get you down.\" Jennifer replied next, a hint of sadness edged her expression. \"Come on, don't go back to camp alone.\" She motioned him with a friendly hand gesture back towards them. \"No, it's alright; I've got some other things that need doing before I get back to camp.\" Jonathan sighed, he turned to leave, trying his best to keep his chin up, and not look down. \"Are you sure?\" Cartmen asked. \"Maybe I can help.\" Cartmen looked down at Jennifer and shrugged, what do I do? He mouthed to her. She shook her head and shrugged also, I don't know. \"I can handle it, besides you need to be with your kids and Jenny, I'll see you guys later.\" Jonathan didn't even turn around, he only waved, and kept walking until he rounded the cove wall, and disappeared from sight, Leaving Cartmen, Jennifer, and Eric mildly confused. \"Okay, well, see you.\" Cartmen said. He turned his gaze from the entrance, and back at Jennifer. Her eyes looked into his, trying to piece together what had transpired. Except no answer could be found, not one they could find.[Chapter 11] Writer's note: another 'Fast Forward', this marks the last finished chapter in my story. Apologies for how short it is, but the next one is going to be finished soon. Chapter 10: The Rosebush. Today marks the second year from our departure from NIMH. Much has changed since then; the cavern Eric found has become our temporary stopping point before we disembark for Thorn Valley. We are, as I can't find a lesser word for it, cannibalizing electricity and food items from our new neighbors, the human family called the Fitzgibbons who live in the farmhouse above us. I assure the colony that this is only temporary until the gathering party can locate a local map, to help give a better approximate location of our next—and permanent—home. Jenner continues to resist the Plan, blocking progress towards our goal of self-preservation and escaping the prying eyes of the humans, claiming the discovery of this cavern below the rosebush as a God-send and claiming it would be foolish to leave for some convoluted plan assembled by an aging rat, and not in the right state of mind…As he put in his words. This hurts me deeply, why Jenner is verbally attacking me and the Plan is escaping me. What is more troubling however the rumor he has twisted and corrupted key members of the Council? This cannot happen, I have personally asked Jenner but he denies the rumors, and Sullivan is a dead-end as well, unwilling to say anything more in the matter. Justin reassures me it is nothing more than a phase and Jenner will eventually come around. I wish it was that easy. It has been a month since writing in my records last, two years since our departure. The indispensible Jonathan has located a regional map whilst gathering extension cords from the Fitzgibbons. According to the map, and some careful calculations from Mr. Ages, it would roughly take about five days and five nights, good weather permitting, to reach the borders of the protected region of Thorn Valley. This is most exciting news; I have already begun to pack my things in preparations. … Another setback occurred today for the Plan. Mr. Ages has moved out of the rosebush, and into a abandoned machine called a 'Hay-baler' in the far corner of one of the Fitzgibbons fields, blaming lack of available space and noise levels for his concentration. I do agree with him on both fronts; construction for more permanent housing is underway, as it has become apparent we are not leaving for Thorn Valley for some time, and noise levels are reaching uncomfortable levels even for me. As for the space, the 'work area' he claims he needs is nearly a quarter of the caverns space! Something we sadly cannot spare, living space takes priority over scientific discovery. I am sad he is leaving; it is not my place to force him to stay, everyone makes that decision on their own accord, it only means we are that much farther from completing the plan. As I speak the gathering party is scavenging necessary building materials, and extension cords, to supplement the ever growing needs of the colony. I pray for their safe return, as always. Much has happened since the last journal entry. It is now winter once more. I have discovered an ingenious device using electricity to allow me to see in the area and beyond. Using my abilities, I can use this machine to make my visions of the future much more clear as well; by interacting with the machine I can project the vision at present in my mind into the Oracle. It has proven most useful in clarifying the visions that trouble me. On the subject of troubling news, we are celebrating a human holiday called 'Christmas'. Though I'm not sure who or what it celebrates, one things is clear; there is an exchange of gifts, and I do not know what I should bring to the gathering. And what should I wear? Spring is upon us once more, officially making it the third year. It is becoming increasingly apparent that the Fitzgibbons are aware of our pilfering, as the search party has reported sightings of rat traps and bait. This is what I feared would happen. We have allowed ourselves to get too comfortable with being spotted outside the rosebush, taking what we need and becoming complacent. We are getting lazy. More permanent housing is being constructed to house the new fluctuation in numbers we are experiencing. I have urged the colony to restrain themselves and keep 'urges' in check, as not to strain resources and complicate the move to Thorn Valley any more than what is necessary, but it seems to my warnings are falling on deaf ears. I do not feel any chagrin towards the new families, it is a great sign that we are growing and prospering as a society, I only wish to not attract too much more attention to ourselves. On the subject of attracting attention; Jenner and his companion in crime, Sullivan, seem to be attacking my ideals and the Plan more aggressively as of late, going as far as to create a filibuster and halting all council meetings for the day just to debate this subject, and whispers abound that Jenner had a slip of the tongue, exclaiming I was a doddering old fool during a heated debate with a council member. I confronted this with Jenner, and he denied the accusations flatly, and refused to speak further of it. I worry about Jenner's well being, he seems to be growing distant and uncooperative, more than usual, and Sullivan seems to follow suit. I see nothing but darkness in store for them in my Oracle; I will continue to watch them closely. It has been a sad day in the month of August. I have unpacked all but one of my luggage bags for Thorn Valley; I am holding out, that maybe, we will soon make our way. Perhaps I am becoming a senile old man, as Jenner has now said multiple times. Perhaps he is right, my hands won't stop shaking, and it is proving difficult to control the tremors as I write this even now is becoming (illegible.) This is better, perhaps it is time I hone my physic abilities, and retire my aging hands. I will not let age discourage me, time will not conquer me. Not yet. Today has been nothing short of incredible. Despite Jenner fighting tooth and nail against the Plan, enough of the council members have had enough of this circus act, and the Plan will commence. Better late than never, I say. I take no pleasure in dashing Jenner's seemingly endless hope and dream to stay here. I myself have grown quite fond of the dark and breezy hallways I have called home for three years now, but now it is time to gather, to prepare for the inevitable. I wish it possible to repay the Fitzgibbons, to apologize and return all we have taken from them. Maybe, it is possible after we have taken our last item, we can apologize. Today makes it the fourth year of our departure from NIMH. The search party had a close call today when Dragon was allowed indoors before they could safely escape, Jonathan being the feline's target. He escaped through a hole in the floor under the Fitzgibbons oven, miraculously unscathed. It was a universal belief that Dragon would not be allowed indoors until the Fitzgibbons finished their dinner, tonight I surmise was a special occasion. Jonathan has asked for a reassignment from Justin after the incident, which I do not object against, he is now tasked with relaying information from the rosebush, to the small encampment we have stationed at Thorn Valley. The news Jonathan brings is most pleasing to hear, and as a bonus Jonathan receives ample amounts of lee-way, as he only needs to run the route at most four times a month, giving some much needed down time as he seems to run at a constant pace. His well being is of concern once more. He seems to be distant from everybody, spending the time he has off above ground exploring for hours on end, but returning before sunrise, nearly mute. I am not positive it is related to the events that happened or something much more, but one thing is for sure; something must be done about Dragon. His presence is problematic; we can't have him anywhere near our search party and putting their lives at more risk than what they have already, and there is the subject of the rest of the colony when the Plan finally comes to fruition. Perhaps Mr. Ages will have a suggestion, and soon. Spring is fast approaching, and we must prepare.[Chapter 12] Chapter 11: Preparations . Jonathan woke from a short and fitful sleep with the sun shining through the small window. At least that's what he hoped would wake him. No sunlight shown through the small dirty window in his quarters, being deep under the earth, it was impossible for the sun to shine in. So what on earth woke him? He sat up from the bed he had slept on, rubbing his face free of the cobwebs dwelling in his eyes. Checking the wristwatch that doubled as a clock hanging on the dirt wall, Jonathan grimaced. Four hours, might as well been none. A light tapping on the closed wooden door to his chamber pulled him from the brink of falling back onto his pillow. A soft voice whispered from the other side. \"Jon, are you awake?\" \"I am now.\" He grumbled the reply. The figure cautiously opened the door, and stepped inside. In a blue buttoned up vest and a white long-sleeve shirt underneath, the colony guard outfit, emerged Bridget. Jonathan looked at the figure standing in the doorway and blinked several times, wondering if he was dreaming things. \"Wow, look at you!\" Jonathan exclaimed, groggily. Bridget hid a smile and averted her gaze, slightly embarrassed. \"When did this happen?\" \"At the inauguration ceremony last night,\" She said. \"The one you couldn't make it to…\" \"Oh, geez I'm sorry.\" Jonathan apologized. Bridget waved off his apology. \"Don't worry about it; it wasn't all that spectacular anyway.\" She scoffed; she walked across the small room and sat down on the bed next to Jonathan. \"I made a fool of myself; I forgot a line in the inauguration speech and Justin had to fill it in—I didn't believe he could get anymore smug-, but I think Henry got it the worst.\" \"Oh?\" Jonathan pried. \"What happened to the already prone to accidents Henry?\" Bridget suppressed bursting into laughter. \"He tripped and fell on his way up the stairs to the stage, held up his left hand instead of his right at being sworn in, and he forgot the whole speech.\" \"It sounds like I missed a pretty good ceremony then.\" Jonathan grimaced. Bridget sighed quietly. \"You had more important things to do, like catching up on some much needed rest.\" \"I'll rest when I'm dead.\" He covered his mouth to stifle a noisy yawn. \"Your body seems to disagree with you.\" Jonathan only grunted, and hoped off the rat size mattress. \"So, how does it feel to be a member of the guards?\" Jonathan switched topics as he gathered a wrinkled blue vest of his own off the floor and slipped it on. \"No different really, I think Justin still has a thing for me. I think that's the only reason he offered the position to me.\" She said as she watched him run a hand through his bedraggled hair and straighten the wrinkles in his vest as best as possible. \"Really, I heard it was because how well you handled that 'fiasco' with Jonah a couple months ago. They way you keep the peace around here you could give Brutus a run for his money.\" He chuckled as he tightened a sword sheath around his waist, his back turned to Bridget. \"Hey, someone has to move faster to situations than he does, best he can do is scare off the locals at the rosebush entrance because it requires little movement.\" Bridget stated. \"That is most definitely true.\" Jonathan agreed once more with a chuckle. He turned a short-sword over in his hand, constructed specially for him. Sliding it into its sheath he glanced at Bridget, who eyed the piece as the blade slid up to its hilt and stopped with a clink. \"It's also because he does still like you.\" \"I knew it.\" She smirked. A brief silence found them as Jonathan rubbed the bridge of his nose and hid another yawn. \"So, what brings you up here, you don't need to be in full uniform to tell me you made the guards.\" Jonathan paused a moment. \"You look wonderful by the way.\" He added. \"Thank you.\" She said quietly, idly wringing her hands together and averting her gaze momentarily. \"And you would be right, Justin didn't waste time putting me to work so I am kind of here on official business.\" Bridget shrugged. \"A glorified messenger is all I am right now.\" Jonathan raised an eyebrow, and Bridget saw how bloodshot Jonathan's eyes were at that moment, even in the dim fluctuating lighting the room had. She hesitated. \"What is it?\" Jonathan asked quizzically. \"I personally think you don't need to do it.\" Bridget said flatly. \"Well, I can decide that once I know what it is.\" Jonathan said, studying the lines on Bridget's face. \"Ages say he might have a solution for Dragon.\" \"He might have?\" \"Excuse me; he does have a plan for Dragon.\" Bridget clarified. \"Nicodemus would like you to go see Mr. Ages, and see what the old nut-case has come up with.\" Bridget crossed her legs and arms, and frowned. \"But I don't believe you should be the one to go.\" Jonathan shook his head and turned for the door. \"I have to be, nobody else can do it.\" \"That's not true, anybody can do what you do, and you need a break.\" Worry began to creep into her voice and her features. \"I'm fine Bridget, really.\" Jonathan assured with his gaze, accompanied by a soft smile. Bridget just looked into the brown, slightly red, eyes of her friend. She missed the soft smile that shown itself more often when he was younger, but to the passing of time it had grown quiet and secluded; showing itself in few and far between intervals. She finally gave into his smile and sighed. \"If you say so chief, I can't stop you.\" She slowly stood from the bedside and walked to the doorway with Jonathan. They shared pleasant small talk as they made their way down one of the reinforced tunnels that snaked through the earth. In the four years since Eric stumbled onto the cavern under the Fitzgibbons home the rats had adapted and formed a metropolis underground, reinforcing tunnels that were at risk of collapse, and expanded on others to use their true potential as housing areas. The rats had also developed a way to run electricity through the cave, using collections of Christmas lights and the odd white light bulb, to illuminate the dark and dank corners. Electricity was used as minimal as possible, only lighting certain areas that were the most heavily populated for a time, to minimize the suspicious electricity usage spikes the Fitzgibbons electric bill would show. Candlelight was still widely used among the populace; Nicodemus himself preferred candlelight, only using electricity to power his Oracle, and that was few and far between as of late. Caution had to be exercised when burning candles for a long period; not only must one keep in mind a fire hazard, but also suffocation. Despite a light breeze circulating oxygen around all the winding paths and tunnels, pockets of carbon dioxide would still form in some apartments and tunnels, doors facing away from the breeze, and tunnels that didn't circulate it well either by being too open or too sharp a bend. If one decided to burn a candle, they must watch the flickering of the light; if it gets dim, put it out and open a window, or step out for a while after snuffing out the candle and let the breeze replenish the oxygen. Jonathan didn't worry about this, the window faced towards the open 'common grounds', allowing great circulation, but the one drawback was as the colony woke in the morning, noise level would gradually increase from the hustle and bustle of day-to-day activities, and that was the one inconvenience Jonathan had to suffer with until the move to Thorn Valley was final; noise levels interrupting sleep. Jonathan bid farewell to Bridget when their paths split. Jonathan would go above ground, and Bridget would return back to the barracks for her first day of training. \"You'll have fun with it.\" Jonathan assured. \"I'm not so sure about it.\" Bridget admitted. \"I don't think I'm cut out for guard duty…\" \"Not cut out?\" Jonathan exclaimed. \"What about Jonah, or Cartmen and Jenner?\" \"Well, in their defense, they were being typical men.\" She stated. \"That's all it is; keeping the peace between us guys, and you keep the peace well Bridget. If anything, I think you should have asked to join the guards a lot sooner, and that I'm serious about.\" \"Seriously, Wow Jon thanks.\" She was taken aback by the comment, and tried to hide a blush forming under her fur. For once the shoe was on the other foot. Jonathan either didn't notice, or chose to remain silent, but he continued in his comment. \"You're welcome.\" He began to button up the vest, leaving three open near the neck, and turned towards the rosebush entrance. \"I'll report to Mr. Ages and see what he has come up with. You can tell Justin I headed out, he'll want to inform Nicodemus.\" Jonathan looked down to check the weapon sheathe was fastened securely around him, and drew the blade out to visually inspect the metalwork for cracks; charred and blackened -from the arc- welder turned weapon forge superheating the metal—but free of any structural weaknesses. \"Be careful out there.\" Bridget spoke softly, watching the little-no, grown up- mouse prepare to leave sanctuary, as he always did. The sword slide back into its sheath with a click, and without turning, Jonathan said; \"I always am.\" Without another word he ascended the ramp to the rosebush, and disappeared out of sight. Jonathan continued his ascent in a daze, still not entirely awake. He reached the massive double doors signifying the entrance, and they slowly parted to allow him through. Standing like a stone statue, intimidating and stoic, was Brutus. One would mistake the quiet giant as stone, as he didn't move, save to scare off a curious 'lower creature', or in this case to glance at the small figure stepping through the door. Jonathan was rubbing one eye, and with the other he glanced up at the behemoth. \"Keep it up big man.\" He said non-chalantly, coaxing a grunt from Brutus. The sun was barely rising over the horizon as he emerged from the rosebush. A faint orange line highlighted the soft rolling hills, barely casting light on the dark and cold morning. One could still see their breath in the early April spring air, the short brown grass crisp and cold from the frost that still remained on the ground. Jonathan emerged cautiously, watching the Fitzgibbon's household for signs of life. It was still too early for the family to be awake, not a single light was on, save the faint orange glow in one of the east facing window upstairs. That was their son Billy's room, and he always had a small nightlight on. Above all else though, this meant Dragon wasn't let out yet, and that meant the coast would be clear, at least for another hour or so. Jonathan capitalized and dashed out of the rosebush for cover under the porch. He reached the cavernous space under the porch in quick and easy strides. The air was cool and crisp on his face, but it did little to wake him as he cautiously stuck his head out the other side. The sky was a deep purple, the waning light of stars was faintly glowing as the sun started to rise. Birds wouldn't be out yet, but owls, maybe. Staying on all fours, he hugged the side of the house. The dirt was frozen and cold on his 'hands' and feet, his eyes still burned with fatigue. A part of him just wanted to throw the Plan aside and just get some rest, the rest of him however knew; even if he stopped, above ground and exposed, it would just have to be done later. And later meant everything else would be delayed, tempers would be short, and he would have to work double the hours to catch up. He would have come full circle, it just didn't seem like it was worth it. Mr. Ages' lab could be seen from here; a solid sharp square shadow protruding above jagged swaying edges of tall grass. A distance away, it would be, give or take, thirty minutes at a quick jog. The only obstacle in the way was the bare dirt driveway. Jonathan took in a deep breath of the cold air, surveyed the skies, and dove out from the shadow of the house. He crossed the driveway quickly, settling into a brisk four legged jog towards Mr. Age's estate in the far corner field. Along the way Jonathan had free time to think, think about things come and gone. Think about completely irrelevant things as well. Wonder why the sky turns purple early in the morning. How come rodents have thick fur, and humans have next to none? How far could I run before they send a search party out? I wonder what Jenner's favorite color is… Thoughts like these floated through his head, making the long trek slightly less mind numbing. After exhausting every random question the universe had to offer, he started to whistle a tuneless tune. Whistling and running proved hard to do at the same time for an extended period, so Jonathan stopped in a small clearing between massive cat-tail stocks to catch his breath. The sun had peeked over the horizon, bathing the top of the Fitzgibbons home in orange sunlight. It wouldn't be much longer until they were awake. Somehow Jonathan's eyes still felt heavy, and threatened to shut on him. Running hadn't cured it, and neither had continually rubbing his eyes. Desperate for a solution, he spotted a shallow pool of ice water at the base of a group of brown Cat-tails and knelt on the bank. Ice lined the mirror- like, still water. The water near instantaneously numbed his hands as he scooped it and brought it to his face, fast enough he wouldn't second guess himself or hesitate. His body wasn't ready for the complete shock of how cold the water was on his fur, and even less when it reached his skin. A complete sensory overload, followed by waves of emotions ranging from regret to anger and relief all at once, struck Jonathan before he even removed his hands. In short, the water was bloody cold. Good news was; he didn't feel tired anymore. His hands dropped to his sides, and for the first time in a while, he saw his reflection in the water. As the ripples dissipated, he could see the fatigue lines and the bags under his slightly red eyes. He no longer saw that optimistic young mouse he once was, what he saw instead was a fully grown, overworked, and scruff looking adult mouse that desperately needed some time off. He would dwell how bad he looked later, right now he had to reach Ages before the sun had fully breached the horizon. He started his brisk jog away from the small clearing towards the hay baler turned science lab. Overgrown and on the verge of being reclaimed by nature, stood the orange rusted 'International Harvester.' The smell of noxious chemicals permeated the air before Jonathan was even close to the entrance, and was slightly deterred from entering when there was noticeable fumes seeping from around the door labeled in red paint; 'Go Away.' What are you up to old man? Jonathan warily wracked his knuckles three times on the door, each knock dully echoing into the machine. The sound of clattering metal resonated from the other side, but no one came to the door. \"Mr. Ages?\" Jonathan hollered at the door. Metallic clattering continued, but still no reply. Jonathan frowned, usually Ages was quick to come to the door and shoo off any trespassers, unless he was neck deep in some experiment. He was neck deep in something that was for sure. \"Mr. Age-\" Jonathan was interrupted by the Harvester exploding to life. Instinct kicked in, and Jonathan dove away from the roaring monstrosity for cover. The Harvester violently shook about, shedding loose panels from its rusted metal frame and seemingly springing to life like a long slumbering creature waking after being disturbed. And as quickly as it started, the machine coughed and billowed smoke, and seized still, but not before a final fiery explosion warped the closed door ajar. Fearing for the creature to lurch to life once more, Jonathan edged out of his cover and warily approached the blackened, smoking door. With minimal effort it squeaked open on its hinges, revealing soot covered hallways. In the distance Mr. Ages could be heard coughing and hacking deeper inside. \"Ages you crazy old coot, what on earth are you doing out here?\" Jonathan voiced through the haze, shuffling his way down the hallway. \"What, who's there, you're not allowed in here!\" Mr. Ages answered back. \"Leave this instant!\" \"I'm not going anywhere Ages.\" Jonathan said after him, finally reaching a large room, dominated by a massive lantern. \"Brisby, is that you?\" \"It is where are you?\" No sooner had Jonathan asked that, a trapdoor by his feet swung open. In a cloud of smoke, Mr. Ages emerged, covered head to toe in soot and wearing goggles over his eyes. With assistance from Jonathan he was lifted out of the hole, coughing and wheezing. Gingerly Ages removed the protective eyewear; two pristine white circles edged around his blinking eyes. He began in futility to brush the soot off his once white shirt. \"Confounded machine, I was so close!\" Ages groaned. \"What are you doing Ages, trying to draw attention to yourself?\" Jonathan asked as he tried assisting in brushing off Ages, who waved him off. \"Of course not, I'm working on an experiment.\" Ages retorted. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a pair of small glasses, and with the still clean underside of his shirt began to clean the lenses. \"Which the nature of is none of your business.\" Ages curtly said, placing the glasses on the bridge of his nose. Jonathan shrugged off the ever-cheerful demeanor Ages possessed, simply replying \"Whatever you say.\" After another fit of rough coughing, Mr. Ages stood and felt along the wall of his home. \"So I suppose you're here for something.\" Ages surmised as his hand reached a rope along the wall. \"They wouldn't send you out this far to keep an old man company.\" \"Would you be surprised if they did?\" Ages faked a hardy laugh. A pull on the rope opened an exhaust vent somewhere out of sight near the roof, and the smoke slowly dissipated out. Ages waddled his way to a table, a trail of soot floated through the air shortly behind him, he began to mumble to himself as he rummaged for some kind of scientific cadaver before he noticed Jonathan was still there. \"Well out with it boy, what are you here for, I don't have all day.\" Ages snapped. \"I was told to come out here because you might have a solution for Dragon.\" Jonathan paraphrased, he closed the trap-door still billowing smoke and walked over to Ages and peered over his shoulder. \"I do have a solution for Dragon.\" Ages corrected, swatting Jonathan's prying eyes away. \"Now let's see, where did I put that…\" He trailed off as he rummaged through the clutter on the table, all the while continued mumbling to himself. Jonathan kept himself busy waiting for Ages by fiddling with all the knick-knacks lying about. \"Stop touching everything!\" Ages barked. A metal instrument clattered back onto the table surface. \"Ah, here it is. Occupy your hands with this.\" Mr. Ages handed a small envelope to Jonathan who gingerly took it in his hands. \"What is it?\" He asked. \"It's a blend of several sleep aids, and some other ingredients best left unmentioned, that should take care of that mangy ball of fur for at least a day.\" \"So, your solution is to put Dragon to sleep?\" \"Not permanently, the Fitzgibbons would notice their cat missing. That in your hands is to simply knock him out and render him near immobile for the day.\" Jonathan let out a low whistle. \"I should try this stuff then, I could use some more sleep.\" \"I wouldn't if I were you.\" Ages warned. \"The dosages are for a creature more than twice your size; it would most likely kill you if you were to take even a single grain of this.\" \"Okay; sampling Mr. Age's cat sleep-aid is a no.\" Jonathan also made a mental note to wash his hands after handling the parcel, lest he wanted supper that night to be his final meal. \"So, any glaring questions?\" Ages asked, breaking Jonathan out of his train of thought. He glanced at the parcel in his hands, and shook his head. \"Good, now GET OUT!\" The sun had risen above the horizon by the time Jonathan had made his way past his cat-tail pool, gripping the bag in his grasp as he briskly jogged back towards the rosebush on his hind legs. His pace quite literally halved. The Fitzgibbon household was most certainly awake, and Dragon was prowling the fields by now. Hopefully not the field Jonathan was running through now. In case Dragon was though, Jonathan kept his eyes and ears tuned for the flutter of birds' wing's taking flight, as Dragon favored birds over rodents. However he is not a graceful being, most birds would hear his approach before he even saw them and escape his futile leaps for them. Unfortunately rodents were not gifted with flight, so if Dragon was near, Jonathan would have to double back towards Mr. Ages, circumvent the field and find a way around, costing precious time, And hopefully not his life. The top of the Fitzgibbons home loomed over the long grass, signifying Jonathan was over half-way there, and the way seemed clear as he cleared a dead branch lying on the ground in one bound. He slowed his pace after he swore he heard voices coming from out of sight ahead. Jonathan quietly approached a tightly woven wall of grass and listened. He noted a bird madly chirping in the distance, and knew he shouldn't linger here long. The voice spoke up again, but was unintelligible, like whomever it was mumbling. A native creature perhaps, I don't recognize the voice. Jonathan took a deep breath and decided to reveal himself, trying his hand at being pleasant to the lowly native woodland creatures of this patch of land. \"Good morning.\" Jonathan said pleasantly as he stepped into the open. An elderly shrew bolted upright at his approach, gathering grains from a spilled basket, obviously surprised by another being in her grains in her hands flew about, littering the ground once again. \"For Heaven's sake, don't you hooligans know better than to sneak up on an old lady?!\" The shrew shrieked, spinning to face her assailant. \"Oh- you're not who I expected.\" \"My apologies ma'am didn't mean to scare the life out of you.\" Jonathan meekly apologized. The shrew calmed slightly, but kept her gaze on the stranger, scanning him up and down with suspicion as he started to walk by. He glanced at the scattered seeds and toppled basket and the wary look her eyes possessed, and decided to extend an olive branch. \"Would you like some help, miss?\" \"That would be very kind young man.\" She kindly curtseyed. \"Might I ask; what is your name, I don't believe I've seen you around these parts…\" Jonathan thought quickly, so not to raise suspicion. He couldn't say he was an escaped lab-mouse who was genetically altered to be as intelligent as a human; she would wonder if he suffered from too much sun exposure. So he chose the simple, but effective card. \"I'm new around here, my names Jonathan.\" He said with a mild smile. He resisted holding his hand out in a hand-shake. \"Might I ask what yours is?\" The shrew snorted. \"Names are pretty, but useless. But if you must have one, you may call me Auntie Shrew.\" She said in a haughty tone, holding her nose a little higher in the air. \"Okay…\" Jonathan said, resisting with every fiber of his being not to burst into a fit of laughter. She seemed to hold herself in high regards, ugly purple hate and matching scarf included. \"I am what you would call, the 'den mother', I have taken it upon myself to be the designated individual whom warns the populace of the impending onslaught of…\" She seemed to pause for dramatic effect. \"…The Plow.\" Jonathan remained silent and nodded as he scooped up the grains as 'Auntie Shrew', continued to monologue. There was one particular grain that caught Jonathan's eye that happened to be close to the blabbering shrew, so he reached for it, as it didn't seem she would anytime soon. \"The frost is nearly off the ground, early this year, so I am making my rounds, warning residences-\"She stopped mid sentence after catching the scent of something unfamiliar, and dangerous. Jonathan noticed she stood a little stiffer as his fingers brushed the single grain in front of her. \"Get away from me!\" The shrew hissed, raising her cane high above her head, threatening to bring it down on Jonathan. He complied, and immediately dove out of reach as the wooden stick grazed the hair on his head. Blood rushed to his face as he expected a sharp red-hot pain to irradiate from the impact point, the grains in his hands scattered once more, and Mr. Ages' parcel bounced away. He had no idea why she all of a sudden struck out at him, it was unprovoked, and no warning. \"Shrew, what did I-\" \"Silence you!\" She shrieked. \"You, you, foreigner, you Alien creature! Don't come near me again!\" She didn't advance on him, but shrank away from the terrified and confused mouse, her cane still madly swinging above her head. \"I didn't mean to offend you, I was just helping!\" Jonathan defended. He slowly stood, hands extended in a friendly manner. \"Here let me help you gather your food-\" \"I don't want you touching my food!\" \"Okay! I'm sorry!\" He threw his hands up in surrender again. The shrew didn't move from her position, instead taking shaky steps back away from Jonathan. He stepped towards her once more, speaking softly as his heart pounded in his throat. \"Please Ms. Shrew; I don't understand what I've done to offend you.\" She bared her sharp and jagged teeth, and hissed. Jonathan was taken aback by the speed of the seemingly docile shrew becoming feral, and savage. Ignoring the threat, he stopped moving in her direction and kept trying to sooth the situation with talk. \"Why am I a foreigner, an Alien, surely you get new neighbors all the time?\" She seemed to see reason again, but never lowered her improvised weapon. \"Sure, sure we get newcomers all the time.\" She spoke hoarsely. \"The last ones were those rats that moved into that rosebush near the farmer's garden.\" \"I don't know any rats-\" \"Don't take me for a fool! You have their scent!\" She pointed at Jonathan with a shaky claw. \"They have the scent of something foul and un-natural; you are in cohorts with those, those, barbarians! \" \"Barbarians!? Now wait just a minute.\" Jonathan's brow furrowed, his patience with this shrew had hit its end, and he started to feel the anger building with each word that sprang from her mouth. \"I offer to help you, and you strike out at me, and that makes me the barbarian?!\" \"Don't take the moral high ground with me, creature!\" She shrieked back. All the signs of fear had dissipated with the confrontation, her eyes started to burn with anger as she aggressively moved towards Jonathan swinging the cane. Jonathan held his ground, showing he wouldn't be intimidated by the shrew, glaring her down as she bored into his head in return. He placed a hand on the sword grip, preparing for the worst, and prayed it wouldn't come to that. \"I've watched what you and those rats do, stealing all those electric rope from the farmer's.\" She closed the gap quickly, coming within a hairs breadth with her teeth. Jonathan tucked his chin, and kept his eyes locked with her furious ones. \"I don't know what you are all up to in that rosebush, but you are not allowed to involve any of us normal field animals in whatever hare-brained scheme you are cooking up down there.\"She began jabbing the cane into his shoulder; he tried his best not to flinch from the blunt stabs. \"And if I ever see you around me again, I promise, I won't be anywhere near as pleasant as I am right now.\" \"I'll keep that in mind.\" Jonathan growled through clenched teeth. Without another word shared they departed. Jonathan scooped up his parcel; he could still feel the shrew's gaze burning a hole into the back of his head as he stomped towards the rosebush. \"I hope you step in a mouse trap.\" He grumbled to himself. Nightfall approached quickly that evening after Jonathan informed Nicodemus and Justin what Mr. Ages had cooked up in his lab. It was decided to give Dragon a test run that evening in preparations for more supply gathering for the Plan that would commence tomorrow morning. Jonathan deliberately left out the confrontation he had with the Shrew, as it wasn't the first time the local wildlife had shunned them. It was however the first time someone had actually threatened a colonist. Most just kept a wide berth or avoided conversation completely, but Jonathan wasn't going to let it bother him. The rest of the colony didn't, why should he? A squad of three darkened figures moved like shadows out from the rosebush that night, disappearing under the porch and towards a small hole in the Fitzgibbons kitchen floor. \"Are you sure you're up for this Jon?\" The tallest one asked. Jonathan's figure nodded, and took a small envelope from the tall one. \"I'm the only one who can fit through the crack in the floorboards, it has to be me.\" \"It doesn't have to.\" A feminine voice whispered. \"We could always just find another way in.\" \"No way Bridget, I couldn't let you guys be seen by the farmer, or Dragon for that matter, It's got to be me.\" \"If you insist, here's the powder.\" The tall figure said. Jonathan took it in his hands. \"By the way, how much of that stuff are you supposed to give Dragon?\" \"Not a clue.\" He shrugged. \"I was just going to dump the whole thing in his food dish.\" \"Well, I suppose if Mr. Ages didn't mention anything about the whole dose, then I guess it won't hurt the cat.\" Justin said. Jonathan took a deep breath and looked up towards the crack in the floor. The sounds of Mrs. Fitzgibbons cooking dinner for the farmer were in full swing. Soon Dragon would smell the meat cooking, and he would come scratching to the door. Timing was everything; Jonathan had to be out from under the oven, at Dragon's food bowl after Mrs. Fitzgibbons filled it, dump the powder and be back under the oven and into safety before Dragon made it indoors. And all this had to be done without being seen by any humans, or being eaten by Dragon. \"Okay.\" He breathed out. \"Wish me luck.\" Jonathan scaled the home-made ladder to the crack, and hauled himself up. In a simple two-inch piece of wood divide, he was transported from the dirty, damp and stale air of the crawlspace under the house, to polished wood flooring, warmth, light and life. He was also greeted from the extreme heat of the old fashioned oven, radiating red hot heat, and just mere inches from his head, the heat was almost oppressive. A head grunted and breached the crack in the floor. \"How's it looking?\" Jonathan held a finger to his lips, and pointed to the two pale legs standing in front of the oven. Justin bit his lip. The tension began to build, like an oppressive fog. The air escaped Jonathan's lungs in rapid succession as he waited for the trademark call of Dragon at the door. Mrs. Fitzgibbons began to hum a tune as the sound of water boiled, with the clatter of metal pans. Dragon's food bowl look impossibly far away, surely someone would see him, surely. Mrs. Fitzgibbons glided from the oven, to the pantry. Jonathan's heart jumped into overdrive as she fetched the red kibble bag, and poured it into the bowl. His blood ran cold when the sound of Dragon yowling at the door pierced his ears. \"Coming Dragon!\" The kibble clattered into the plastic dish, it sounded so impossibly loud. It was almost full when Dragon yowled again, scratching at the door this time. Jonathan's rapidly beating heart stopped. \"Oh have some patience you fat lazy cat, I'm filling your food dish!\" Mrs. Fitzgibbons scolded. The kibble bag went empty, but Jonathan suddenly got cold feet. Not now! He scolded himself. She turned, and headed towards the door. Jonathan's heart fired again, adrenaline the fuel, his mind slammed into gear. The moment Mrs. Fitzgibbons' heels had turned, Jonathan shot out of cover, the food dish locked in his sights. He didn't even give his thoughts a moment to think his action through. Every fiber of his instinct screamed at him to turn back for the cover of the oven, but he was too close, too close to just turn back now! He had to go faster, two legs just wasn't enough, so he broke one of his own cardinal rules; he stuck the bag in his mouth, and clamped down with his front teeth. He hoped he wouldn't ingest any of the powder as he dropped to all fours and willed his muscles to go faster. Tunnel vision blocked out all other distractions, the only thing he saw, was that food bowl. In one bound he found himself on top of the kibble pile. His heart pounded in his ears and his body felt like gasoline was pumping through his veins as he near ripped the bag out of his jaws and began to pour it over the food. He chanced a glance around; Mrs. Fitzgibbon was just barely reaching the door, Mr. Fitzgibbons was sitting in the living room watching the television with Billy, their backs turned to the kitchen. The bag in his hands went light; he crumpled the bag and hopped off. Mrs. Fitzgibbons reached for the door handle. It felt like Jonathan had spent precious seconds waiting for the ground in free fall. The air felt like it had slowed his descent. When he finally landed, he pushed off with his hind legs and entered a full sprint back to safety. It seemed so far away, like he would never reach the oven in time. He noticed Justin still had his head sticking out of Jonathan's escape route, a pained expression on his face. \"Justin!\" Bridget shouted. \"What's happening?\" \"He made it to the food bowl! Mrs. Fitzgibbons hasn't even made it to the door yet!\" Justin shouted back. \"Man he is moving!\" Bridget held her breath, she was sure if she wasn't her heart would bounce right out of her throat. \"What's happening now?\" She asked. \"He's on his way back now, hold on, I've got to...get…out…of…\" Justin grunted, Bridget saw his body pull, but didn't see his head budge. \"Out…of…his…way…\" \"What are you doing?!\" Bridget shrieked. \"Get your fat head out of his way! This is no time to joke around!\" \"I…I can't…\" Justin grunted, pushing with his hands on the underside of the floorboards. \"I…can't…my heads stuck!\" Jonathan was at the half-way point. Mrs. Fitzgibbons had turned the door handle. He ran full bore towards Justin's protruding head, but saw it twisted and contorted in pain. Jonathan knew at that instant, Justin's head was stuck. Jonathan faltered for only a moment, a flicker of hopelessness ran through thoughts, but was quickly pushed back out, and he continued to run full speed. The heat of the oven began to wash over him as he got closer to his blocked escape route. \"This isn't funny Justin, get out of the way!\" \"I can't!\" Justin started choking and coughing. \"H-help, me…\" Without thinking twice, Bridget reacted. She scrambled up the dirt pile ladder, up to Justin's madly flailing torso. But then she froze. \"What do you want me to do?\" \"Just grab.\" Justin grunted as he tried once more on his own to free himself, but didn't make any more progress. \"Grab, and pull.\" She hesitated for just a moment; what do I grab onto? His shoulders were flush with the underneath of the floorboards; his feet were planted firmly on the dirt mound, so that left his mid-section. She dropped down below Justin's feet, wrapped her arms tightly around his waist, and heaved with all her might. \"Come on in Dragon.\" Mrs. Fitzgibbons cooed. Dragon glided passed her from the inky darkness of night, into the kitchen, the food bowl his target. Jonathan dove under the oven and skid to a halt on his stomach, right next to a terrified Justin. The rat's eyes were wide as he flashed his gaze from Jonathan, and out towards the kitchen. \"What's wrong?\" Jonathan wheezed, coming to a crash on his stomach from a full sprint. Justin grunted and coughed, but couldn't speak. He looked at Jonathan with watery eyes and shook his head. \"Oh for the love of…\" Dragon crossed the threshold, licking his chops as he aimed for the food bowl. Something caught the corner of the cat's eye, towards the oven… Time was up; the cat could see them plain as day if Jonathan couldn't get Justin's head free, and so he thought fast. Grabbing Justin's nose, Jonathan pushed his nose up, then down. With a pop , Justin's head came free, and he tumbled down onto Bridget, and Jonathan followed suit. Nothing was under the oven, just darkness. The cat assumed it was hunger playing tricks with his mind, so he turned back to the dish, and began to eat his dried dinner. Three beings laid, strewn about on the cold earth, exhausted by their ordeal. \"Is he eating it?\" Jonathan wheezed, lying prone on his stomach. The sound of his heart pounding in his ears drowned out all other sound, loose dirt blew away from his open mouth that attempted to get oxygen to his deprived muscles. \"I, I think so.\" Bridget whispered; her head turned towards the crack in the floor, slightly larger now that Justin's head had widened it slightly. The faint sound of dried kibble crunching in between the idle chatter of the Farmer's family eating their supper echoed from above. \"Yes, yes I hear him eating it!\" \"Then it was a success then.\" Jonathan sighed. His eyelids began to get incredibly heavy; the world around him began fading in and out of blackness as the adrenaline began tapering off. No, just a little longer he asked of his exhausted body. Just a little longer… \"Well not quite.\" Justin hoarsely said, massaging his scratched and slightly bleeding neck. \"We'll have to keep an eye on him, see if it the dose was enough.\" He broke into a coughing fit as Bridget ran towards him. \"Are you alright?\" She gasped when she saw a thin ragged red line encircle most of his neck. \"We need to get a bandage around that immediately.\" He waved her off. \"Jon…\" Justin tried to say before another round of coughing cut him off. \"Jon…He's not moving, see if he's alright.\" Bridget quickly switched priorities, and ran to the still form. Awful memories began to resurface as she inspected his pulse. Please, not this again. There was an even, strong pulse she could feel on his neck. She released a breath she hadn't realized she had been holding in, and shook his shoulder. \"Jon? Jon, are you alright?\" The sound of light snoring greeted her ears. \"Poor guy, he's tuckered himself out.\" \"So he's fine then?\" Justin wheezed. Bridget gently heaved the sleeping mouse over her shoulder and turned towards the other wounded being. \"He's sleeping.\" She whispered. \"Let's get back to the colony; we need to get your neck patched up and make sure he's alright.\" Without a moment's hesitation, Justin nodded, and he followed Bridget out into the yard, and from there, back home. Writer's note: So, we've met Auntie Shrew. She's so pleasent, I made her so, because in the movie one of her lines when she's talking with is 'Prepare to move your very 'odd' family.' I picked up that she had met Jonathan and didn't quite approve of him. But thats what I got from that line. Its going to be a while until I can update again, floating around a week maybe more. So again, for those two people reading this (or maybe nobody at all) I'm still going through with finishing this story. The way its going its still a ways off, so stick around. Guest Calypso[Chapter 13] Writer's Note: Wow, I'm flabbergasted. I was expecting maybe 5 people would come across this and maybe by weeks end have 20 views tops. Last I checked, which was about five minutes ago, its up to 124 views, surprisingly no reviews, but meh, no big deal. I don't know of that's good, mediocre, or average, but it was alot more than I ever expected. If your reading this story or just scanning through the first chapter that's okay, I thank you for at least looking. Anyway, on to the next chapter! Chapter 12: Summer's Sun The Plan has gained unprecedented speed. With Dragon sleeping all hours of the day or too lazy to move, we have full unrestricted access to move about as we please. However, we are not free of the Farmers eye, and we must still take precautions when going to the surface. I fear our pilfering has stressed the Fitzgibbons beyond comfortable ranges; more traps and poisons have been spotted within the attic, and some poisons are even scattered about the yard! Jenner is still pushing we stay, despite the overwhelming evidence against his argument. Thankfully most of the council members are still supporting we move forward with the Plan, there are a select few that believe we should stay, but they are quickly losing ground. As for the Fitzgibbons, I fear once they realize the traps aren't working, NIMH will surely be the next answer. I hope it does not come to that, and if it does, I hope we will be long gone and no longer a burden to human society. Summer had entered full swing; the endless swarm of bugs created an orchestra of buzzes and chirps of birds chimed in, which could be heard from all corners of the neatly lined, groomed and plowed fields. Dragon remained in the shade on the house porch, paws tucked under his massive frame and hardly conscious. The rats remained under the rosebush, staying out of the sun's oppressive rays and keeping cool deep under the earth. No mice were residing there that day; instead Mr. Ages had taken a trip to Thorn Valley, Jonathan as his escort, to assist the small detachment there. They had run into problems and sent word to the rosebush, asking desperately for the help of Mr. Ages, who promptly gathered some belongings and set out. The return trip for Jonathan was a solitary experience, taking around the five days Ages had calculated, but instead of staying out in the wilderness for five nights, traveling alone meant no luggage, no grumpy old mouse to escort, and no pit-stops for breaks. It went from being five nights, to only four. However, on the rising sun of the fifth day, Jonathan was thoroughly exhausted as he crossed the threshold onto the Fitzgibbon's property. Already the heat and humidity climbed, and Jonathan could feel it. Reaching for a canteen he kept for the long trip, he stopped a moment to swallow the lukewarm water, and then it was gone. He tipped the canteen upside down and gave it a light shake to confirm it was empty. With a huff he began to look around; two gulps of near boiling water won't do it, now let's see… The area he found himself in was a very familiar one, just a quick jog to the East and he would find himself at his favorite cat-tail pool. The pool he had stumbled onto earlier in the year had become something of a popular spot to stop for respite for Jonathan. It was far off any beaten path, whether it was the path the locals took, or the path that, unsurprisingly, the rats used. It was also far enough out of the way to not worry about Dragon. It was safe to assume it was a very secluded and quiet place, and Jonathan loved it; a place far away from the constant hustle and bustle of his home was a godsend. It would be a perfect place to stop and fill up the canteen with cool water, and possibly go for a swim as well. The more he thought about it, the more appealing a quick swim sounded, so with some added haste he closed in on his secret swimming hole. Cat-tails loomed over the green grass Jonathan traveled through; following a trail he himself forged making so many trips towards Mr. Age's science lab, not ten minutes south-east of where he was now. He began to thump out a drum beat on the empty plastic canteen, trying his best to keep in time with his own. But alas, Jonathan had no sense of beat, even to his own drumbeat. It wouldn't continue for much longer, as he heard water splash in the distance. He stopped mid-step and listened intently. Who on earth would be…? Jonathan began to run all possible individuals he knew that would come out this far; He hadn't told Justin or Bridget where it was, however it was close enough for Ages to stumble upon it. But Ages is a hermit, he almost never leaves that lab of his. On top of that, he's at the Thorn Valley posting, so who is it? A thought crossed his mind; it could possibly be a local, that wouldn't be out of the ordinary. But then the same thought turned morbid; what if it's that shrew? He physically shuddered thinking of that unpleasant woman squatting in his pool, splashing about in his clean water. Blood on the verge of boiling, he let the canteen fall back onto its strap from his hands, and moved them to his custom sword hilt, and he sprinted ahead. Blades of grass flashed by in a green blur as he closed in, full speed, towards the pool. Angry thoughts of what he would do to that shrew raced through his mind, he didn't care if she made the threat of being unpleasant if she saw him again, but he didn't say anything about what he would do the next time he saw her. A single wall of grass separated him from his small patch of heaven; a small passage separated the wall. Jonathan edged closer to the natural door, quietly and swiftly, he stopped to listen. There was the faint sound of water splashing, slightly diminished since the one crash he heard earlier, but there was still splashing. He started grinding his teeth out of anger; he was so convinced it was that shrew now, no other thought would present itself as to what or who else it could be. He put his hand on the sword hilt, and stepped around the corner quickly. He took in a deep breath of air, ready to threaten the trespassing shrew and hopefully scare her to death. His threat stopped itself in his throat. It was not the shrew. As if on cue, a goddess emerged from the waters' surface, droplets capturing the sunlight glittered in the air around her head as she shook the water from the upper area of her form. Jonathan was awestruck. She started to hum softly, as she had her back turned to him and continued to splash about in the water, running her hands through the fur on top of her head, and generally enjoying cool water on a day like today. Jonathan froze solid, mouth hanging open, hand still gripped around the sword handle. All thought stopped as he watched her. Everything about this regular, normal , field mouse simply dumbstruck Jonathan with her beauty; everything from her small ears perched on top of her head, to the soft lines of her shoulders, the curve of her form as it disappeared under the water, and even the shade of her fur. A golden brown that almost seem to glow in the golden sunlight that pierced through the thick vegetation. The shine caused by the water almost gave her the look of an angel; incorruptible beauty and untouchable. She was only missing the wings. The words that Jonathan were going to use as a threat had disintegrated to dust, and reformed into one word that took all the air still in his lungs to say: \"Wow.\" His lips slowly moved over the vowels, and slowly began to form a goofy open-mouthed smile. His muscles finally relaxed their stance, his shoulders dropped as his hands fell to his sides. The empty canteen slipped off his shoulder, and clattered to the ground. With a start Jonathan snapped out of his daze, and stared with horror as the canteen bounced and settled motionless on the ground. Then his gaze snapped back to the angel; she had stopped humming and seemed to be intently listening, ears rotating as they searched for more sound. Slowly she turned towards Jonathan's position. Thinking without any sort of hesitation Jonathan snagged the canteen off the ground as quietly as possible and dove back behind the grass wall, landing hard on his stomach. Resisting the urge to cough made his eyes water, but he didn't dare make another sound; he even thought his heart pounding in his chest was too loud and tried his best to calm it. Carefully he parted some blades of grass to peer into the clearing where she was, hopefully, still there. He found his breath taken away once again. Large blue eyes revealed themselves upon a small, slightly upturned nose, highlighted by a tan oval around her eyes that surrounded like a pool around her cheeks, then running down her neck, expanding and softly forming a solid tan oval. She held her arms close to her form, hands near her slightly open mouth as she cautiously began to sniff the air, brilliant blue eyes scanning every shadow in the encompassing green wall. She remained standing in the water, much to Jonathan's relieved delight. Jonathan couldn't bring himself to stop staring into the blue that kept swimming in her large and innocent eyes. Even her petite pink nose, twitching in the air, whiskers catching the sunlight, captivated him. And almost, for a moment, it seemed they made eye contact. His heart stopped for a moment, thinking she had spotted him. But it was only a moment's pause; she kept looking around, oblivious to the being watching her. Jonathan unconsciously breathed. For a moment, a thought came to mind; what would happen, if I were to stand, and make myself known? He never got the chance to test his thought; suddenly feeling uncomfortable, the goddess quietly rose from the water and made her way to a bank, and climbed out. She glanced around once more before shaking herself dry. Jonathan had to hold back his mind from speaking out; wait. Like that, she bounded away, like an apparition, into the brush away from Jonathan. The cat-tail forest fell silent. Jonathan rose off the ground and proceeded to brush the dirt off his vest, sighing deeply. What he had just seen even had been real? Was it all just a figment of his imagination, or was he seeing a ghost? He just shook his head, a deep frown on his lips as he gathered up the noisy canteen, and approached the waterside, glancing in the direction the goddess went. It was most certainly real, the water murky from the splashing. Maybe I should try and follow her , his mind asked as he knelt down to the waterside and proceeded to fill the canteen with murky water. The logical part of his mind knew it would be a fruitless pursuit; if she was a smart as she was beautiful she would have criss-crossed the area, doubled back over her trail, and most likely run through and under any obstacles in the way to throw off any pursuers on her trail. It was safe to assume by the time he started after her, she would be long gone and he would be left running circles after his own tail until nightfall. Jonathan thought this because it would have been something he would do, and hopefully, any mouse with half an inkling of survival instinct. The canteen had filled, and with a hint of reluctance Jonathan scooped it back up. With a final glance around and an exaggerated sigh, he slammed the cork into the canteen's neck. Who am I kidding? That evening, the 'Dragon Run' went smoothly, and the three beings chatted idly as they snuck their way out of the Farmer's home and back to the rosebush. \"So Jon, how did taking Mr. Ages to Thorn Valley go?\" Justin asked after arriving at the rosebush entrance. \"It was pretty slow going, we had to stop I don't know how many times so Ages could 'catch his breath'. Jonathan shook his head. \"I am not looking forward to the return trip with him.\" Justin began to chuckle at his comment. \"I would give him a little break guys.\" The one female in the group said. \"He is starting to get pretty elderly.\" \"I suppose Bridget.\" Jonathan shrugged. The trio had reached the Hub, the massive chasm that housed food storage, housing and the council courtroom. They paused a moment to let other individuals pass before continuing their conversation. \"So Jon, the off-duty guards are throwing a little get together in the barracks tonight, you up for joining?\" Justin asked. Jonathan lightly shook his head. \"I think I'll pass, I really want to catch up on some much needed sleep in a real bed tonight.\" He rubbed the back of his neck, grimacing. \"I mean, I like a firm bed, but I think I draw the line at bed-rock as a mattress.\" Justin and Bridget shared a laugh at Jonathan's joke, before Bridget spoke up. \"All right I think I can sympathize.\" She smiled. \"Get some rest Jonny; we'll see you in the morning.\" Jonathan waved them good-bye as he made his way up to his apartment, Justin and Bridget began to chat as they moved towards the guard's barracks for some much needed relaxation. He let his mind slowly clear as he followed a spiraling path up two floors to his room, everything except that magnificent creature he had seen today. He didn't say anything to Justin or Bridget, they would chastise him for it; Bridget would probably call him a peeping Tom and Justin would heckle him about not introducing himself. First off I wasn't meaning to be a peeping Tom, Jonathan argued his defense in his head, and secondly, what would be the point of introducing myself; the last time that happened I was nearly clubbed to death by that hag of a shrew. \"Pardon me.\" He whispered as he edged around two individuals walking down the same hallway. And I'm not the first one who tried that and got less than satisfactory results. A number of the colony had tried in the past and failed to reach out to the local populace, all met with the same outcome; either they ran away, or completely avoided them, even going as far as to leave their homes to distance themselves from the rats as they passed through. Jonathan's encounter was the first time a member of the colony was threatened outright by a commoner, however. And the way the shrew changed demeanors so quickly was astounding, I wouldn't be surprised if that angel turned into a demon instantly after saying hello. He reached his room, and pushed the door open. He didn't bother flicking the light on as the door creaked shut behind him, falling into darkness. Shuffling across the floor to the second piece of furniture in his room, a dresser, he undid the weapon holster and haphazardly tossed it onto its low surface. He stopped a moment, running a hand through the fur on his head, wincing after catching a couple knots, and scratched an itch behind one of his ears before flopping onto his mattress. After rolling onto his back and wiggling into the mattress a bit more, he weaved his hands together and rested them on his stomach, and sighed, mind still racing; replaying every second in his mind's eye, recalling every detail as if it happened moments ago. The shade of her fur, the innocents in her face, those large blue eyes, everything about her features remained fresh in his mind. Even for that split second, when I thought we made eye contact, I was mesmerized. A smile crept across his face as he remembered what he whispered at the first sight. \"Wow.\" He chuckled to himself. He didn't care if this would be the only time he would ever see her again, perhaps tomorrow she would be devoured by a hawk, or fall prey to a mousetrap. Jonathan's brow furrowed as he traveled deeper down into this thought. Jon you are so cynical. He scoffed at himself. He shook the morbid thoughts from his mind before they took root, and instead asked himself another question; what if you do see her again? What would you do? He sighed once more, knowing the answer full well; nothing. He tapped his thumbs together. I wonder what her name is… So many different possibilities raced through his head, but none seemed to fit more than what he had seen her as; an Angel. Angel, it's got a nice ring to it . He smiled as his eyelids slowly closed, and he fell fast asleep, still smiling. I hope her name is Angel. Morning broke over a new day, and Jonathan was up and ready to go, surprisingly chipper and wanting to go about walking above ground. \"But what is the occasion Jonathan?\" Nicodemus asked as Jonathan ran passed the elderly rat on his way to breakfast. \"No reason, I just want to get out and enjoy the warm weather we're having...\" Jonathan shifted his weight from his toes to his heels, chuckling nervously. \"You know…?\" He whispered in almost an afterthought. Nicodemus studied the nervous mouse with the scrutiny of a detective. \"Jonathan, what aren't you telling—\" \"Nothing, just, you know, summer goes by fast and I want to enjoy it.\" He chuckled nervously once more. A long bushy eyebrow started to raise itself on Nicodemus. \"If you insist, I won't stop you.\" Nicodemus shrugged. The mouse bid farewell, and headed towards the exit still under his watchful eye. \"Don't get caught.\" Jonathan pondered Nicodemus' words as he started up the spiral staircase towards the exit, does he really know? Jonathan just shook it off as he said another smart quip towards Brutus, who once again grunted at the mouse. I'm just over thinking it, of course he doesn't know. Little did he know, Nicodemus did know, and the old rat smiled. Jonathan couldn't think of anything else other than running towards the cat-tail pool, hoping that maybe, in some astronomical chance, that she would be there again. He knew in the back of his head that it was near impossible she would come back; not since hearing his canteen hit the ground. But still, a small part of his mind held onto the incredibly small notion that maybe she would still come. Every step of the way his mind fought on two fronts. One pushed the fact he was a science project that escaped, altered and made into a pariah to the common populace, reinforced by the way Auntie Shrew reacted when she caught his 'scent' that he was unaware of. The other fought with no evidence what so ever, only holding the notion that, maybe, she was different. His heart began to race as he closed in to the pool, one part of his mind agreed with his goal; the hope she was here again. He quietly approached his original position near the natural doorway, the imprint in the soft sand of his slide into cover still evident, and gingerly he peeked around the corner. The edge of the water edged into view. He held his breath as he continued to slide around his hiding spot. The water was still, a mirror reflecting the white clouds above, it was empty. Jonathan groaned and came around from his hiding spot, making his way to the water's edge. Despite knowing the truth of the matter, he still held out, hoping she would be here. He stared into the crystal clear water; a single tadpole swam in lazy circles on the soft muddy bottom. Nobody had been here at all, before or since. With a heavy sigh he sat down near the water's edge and watched the tadpole for a few minutes, with no pressing matters to attend to for at least a couple hours, he relaxed, and absorbed the silence. He returned to the rosebush after falling asleep for a couple hours by the waterside, a mild shade of pink under his gray fur was a clear indication he had stayed in the sun too long, where he was immediately needed for a return trip to Thorn Valley. Mr. Ages had fixed the dilemma plaguing the posting there, and wanted to desperately 'get out of Dodge'. Jonathan complied, and immediately headed out, stopping once more at the pool, still holding out the hope she would magically appear like she did that day. Alas, it was not meant to be. He left, disheartened. Over the five day trip, he could think of nothing but her, wondering if she was there when he wasn't, even as he arrived at Thorn Valley and picked up Mr. Ages, with a couple extra materials he decided were necessary for him to take home, he barely said more than five words to the old mouse. With a couple extra bags of luggage for the return trip, Jonathan and Ages departed, gone a total of five days, and five nights before returning back to Mr. Ages' home. Exhausted and frustrated, he made his way back to the rosebush, taking a moment to stop at the pool, still holding onto the thought of her being there. No new footprints were in the soft sand, it appeared no one had been there at all, not even Jonathan's tracks remained. With a deep frown he departed the pool, holding out still, he would see her at least once more. As the weeks marched on, and summer continued its symphony, the rosebush continued to gather supplies and grow as a society, the air building in anticipation as The Plan gathered more steam, and it would seem that the move would happen soon. The tension was palpable. Several rats and Jonathan had taken up the extra slack in gathering necessary equipment needed for electricity in Thorn Valley, finding suitable power supply by locating a generator, but resisted taking it, and instead, wait until the time was necessary before taking something that large from the Farmer. As all of this activity occurred, Jonathan still would stop, daily, at his swimming hole, hoping she would return as she once did. But each day he would be let down. But he still hung on to the possibility. For weeks he stopped by on his way to and from after doing something important for the colony, only to be discouraged again and again. Eventually he started going a few times a week, then only a couple, until he had concluded in his mind he was, by definition, insane. Eventually as summer went on, she slipped from his mind, and he stopped going altogether. One day, in late July, the rosebush had hunkered down for a long stretch of rainstorms that had pounded the earth. After raining for a week straight, the sun had decided to show itself, pushing the rain clouds farther northeast, away from the farm. After several days of blocking rainwater from destroying important structural supports and drying out clothes, the colony desperately needed supplies. As usual Jonathan volunteered along with several others for a change; Dragon was asleep most of the time now so more volunteers had come forward with assisting in colony matters. A couple even signed up for gathering party duties, which meant the scavengers were now back up to full strength since Jenner and Sullivan were dishonorably discharged. After a brief run-down of what was needed for the colony by Justin, the sizeable search party headed for the rosebush entrance, which surprisingly didn't receive any damage from the rainwater, and they parted their separate ways in search for supplies. Jonathan wished the others good luck, as he sprinted away from the rest. The ground was soft and cool on his feet, the grass heavy and thick with morning dew. He took a deep breath in of the thick air, and stared at the sun, poking through the low thick cloud cover. He looked around, the Fitzgibbons home was awake, the Farmer was on his tractor, plowing the farthest field today, so they wouldn't see him—and vice versa—for most of the day. Billy had taken a school bus that morning, and Mrs. Fitzgibbons had gone to market, to sell her fresh veggies. And Dragon of course, was sleeping on the porch. Jonathan wasn't sure what direction he should head in first, he contemplated seeing how hard it could be to take a whole head of lettuce back to the rosebush by himself, he shook his head at his own plan as he began to run in a random direction. Whatever comes up in this direction, I guess I'll see what I can come up with. Coincidently, the direction he had decided on took him right by the rear corner of the house. He continued to follow the concrete foundation to the home, when he picked up a familiar scent. He rounded the corner, and discovered what it was; a box of rat poison was opened and discarded, a sickly green pile of pellets sat next to the box, tempting any who would dare try the 'Poisoned apple', as Justin called them. Jonathan knew they were meant for the rats, the Fitzgibbons had caught on to the scavenging party once or twice by accident, thankfully it seemed they didn't call NIMH, but instead began setting rat-traps and poisons to deter them from breaking in. the traps had failed to catch any of them, instead they became something of a initiation challenge; any who could take the bait off the spring mechanism without setting it off was considered a permanent member of the squad. Jonathan remembered an instance where Cartmen wanted to try it; he managed to set it off with his arm in its jaws, breaking his arm. He still got the bait however, after getting the trap off his limb. Jonathan chuckled at the memory. He watched the area for a moment when he heard something rustling the box. He watched from the distance, hoping it wasn't some poor soul about to try one of the deadly pellets. Much to his dismay it was, a creature backed out of the box. It was a field mouse, brown in color. It held one of the pellets in its paw as they sniffed it, and was about to eat it. Jonathan sprinted as fast as he could towards the mouse. Writer's Note: And cliffhanger! Now trivia question; who do you suppose was going for a dip in Jonny boy's pool, and who is about to eat the poison? This was my first hand at trying to be really descriptive, trying to get the point across that this 'mystery mouse' is beautiful, well, as beautiful as a rodent can get anyway. I apologize if it requires some more tweaking, I can't push the 'I'm not a writer' card any more than I am right now. Also, as a heads up these next chapters are going to be very Jonathan-centric, if they aren't already now, but don't worry I haven't left out Justin, Nicodemus or anyone else for that matter. In fact, I'm betting Jenner and Sullivan are up to something in the next chapter... Again, I thank the 124 viewers to this story, I don't care if your reading it or not, its just cool (to me) that many people have seen it, and know it exists. From the bottom of my heart, I thank you random internet people. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Returns. \"Stop!\" He yelled. The mouse opened its mouth; the deadly green pellet began planning its diabolical plot to rend this individual from the inside out. Jonathan couldn't will himself to run any faster. The figure stopped a moment in its motion, and turned with a look of wonderment at the gray mouse sprinting towards them at full speed. He reached the individual in record time, and the moment he was within arm's length he slapped the green pellet from their hand. It fell back into the green pile. \"Ow!\" They yelled in surprise. \"What on earth was…?\" \"Don't, don't…\" Jonathan panted, leaning on his knees. \"Poison, don't eat it.\" \"What are you talking about?\" They asked, disbelievingly. \"That's poison you were just about to eat!\" Jonathan finally blurted out, regaining enough stamina after his run to put a coherent sentence together. \"Can't you read the box?\" \"No, I can't.\" They said, with full honesty. Jonathan felt his heart slow; he had honestly forgotten that normal rodents couldn't read. He studied the being; sure he had seen them somewhere. Finally his heart stopped. Before him was none other than that striking creature he had seen so many weeks ago, all his memories from that first encounter came flooding back as he looked into the deep blue in her eyes. He instantly felt incredibly hot and uncomfortable as he saw her arms crossed and a look of disdain on her expression. And the last time he had seen her she was technically bathing. \"Oh.\" Was all he could manage to utter, averting his gaze. \"You know…\" She started to say. \"You could have just politely told me it was poison, instead of slapping it from my hand.\" She said in monotone. Throwing an arm in the air and placing the other on her hip. Jonathan could only stammer his rebuttal. \"Oh, w-w-well I tried to, b-but you mustn't have heard me…\" Jonathan took a couple wary steps back, as she continued to study him. \"S-sorry about that.\" She seemed to relax, taking a precautionary step away from the pile of bait. \"I suppose I should say thank you.\" She quietly laughed, nervously shifting her stance. \"So, thank you.\" \"It's no problem.\" Jonathan said quietly. \"Is you, your ha-ha hand…\" Jonathan found himself stuttering, which didn't help his embarrassment as he laughed nervously and scratched an imaginary itch on his neck. She stood before him, watching the spectacle with a slight smile as she watched him make a fool of himself. Jonathan thought the warm smile she possessed was the most heart-warming thing he had ever seen. He sighed in defeat, and pointed at the palm he had slapped. \"Is your hand alright?\" She nodded, looking at the back of her hand absently. \"Its fine.\" She said softly. \"Good.\" Jonathan nodded in return before falling silent, clasping his hands behind his back. A few moments of awkward silence followed, as the two looked around nervously, not sure how to proceed in the conversation or just bid farewell and depart. \"So…\" \"So.\" She glanced around until her eyes fell on the cardboard box containing the poison; she scanned it over a minute before she pointed at the box and looked at Jonathan. \"So, can you read this?\" Jonathan had feared she would ask; one mouse cannot really come up with a good excuse as to how they can read, so he glanced at the box, and thought quickly. \"Well, a little bit.\" He lied. \"I can read it's…rat poison, and it's called D-Con.\" \"How do you know that?\" She asked, studying his face with the precision of a microscope. \"I uh, used to live in the city, next to a school.\" He fibbed, he did live in the city at one point, that was the true part; the lie was living next to a school. She seemed to fall for it, as he saw her eyes go wide. \"Really, what brings a city mouse out to the country?\" \"I um, I got sick of the people, lots and lots of people.\" He shrugged. \"In the city, lots of people are there...\" She nodded once more before her expression changed. Her nose began to furiously sniff the air, a look of confusion in her face as her eyes fell on him once again. Jonathan suppressed the panic that started to well inside him. Oh no, not this again. Before she could change, Jonathan started to walk away from her. \"I got to, I got to go…\" He said, not meeting her gaze. He turned and ran, not looking back. \"Wait, why you are…\" She yelled after him, but he was already gone. She watched as his tail followed the rest of him around the corner, leaving her standing there, confused. Why did he run? Then she noticed the strange scent she caught had dissipated, it had been his scent she smelled, it was so, different. But there wasn't anything out of the ordinary about him, other than he was incredibly nervous. She dismissed it, as the fellow had said he had been from the city, and what she had heard about 'cities' they were noisy, full of humans, and smelled awful. She took another unconscious step away from the poison, glancing at the massive yellow box with the human writing; it must be incredibly helpful to be able to read that. She looked back towards the direction he had run. \"Thank you.\" She said once more. He hadn't stopped running, not until he was free and clear of sight, and back into his familiar. He hadn't stopped until he had reached his bedroom at the rosebush, and even then after slamming his door shut he still ran to the only other piece of furniture in the dimly lit room; the dresser. His fists slammed the dresser with an incredible bang, and he cursed. \"Dammit!\" Jonathan clasped his hands around his face, and continued to mumble curses under his breath. She's just like the rest. Just like that shrew! Jonathan stopped a moment in his thoughts, a hand fell from his head as something donned in him; why was he getting all bent out of shape, over a mouse he had only seen once? His mind had thought so fast and so irrationally, he hadn't even considered the fact. He didn't stop to even see if…No, he couldn't see her change; he couldn't bear the thought of seeing the perfect image that would forever remain in his memory tarnished by her baring teeth, claws, and possibly get attacked. It would just ruin him. Regaining some of his composure, he raised himself off the ground and sighed. It would be near impossible to clear his head moping about in his room, best thing to do was to go find something that needed to be done within the colony, and there was always something that needed to be done. As he recalled, he was suppose to gather some things from the Fitzgibbons along with the others who were doing the same. With some lingering reluctance, he opened his door and entered the hallway. As he walked back through the massive cavern, a thought crossed his mind, one he hadn't dwelled on for a long time; how much different would life play out if Grace was still alive? It was a thought he hadn't considered for a long time, mostly because it was a long, long time ago. He was also warned by several rats, Nicodemus being the most prevalent, that dwelling on the past and going through every possible outcome would only drive you insane, as your mind constructs different outcomes from the incredibly mundane, to the absolutely far-fetched. Unfortunately for Jonathan, he had explored every outcome his mind created, and in truth it had driven him to the brink of insanity. Somehow he had clawed back from those dark times, but a small part of him remained in the dark. A saying he had heard someone say once before fit the mature Jonathan's personality well; He hadn't changed, but he knew he wasn't the same. He reached the massive double doors one more, with the equally massive rat guarding the door. With a witty quip, coaxing yet another grunt out of the statue, Jonathan continued to focus on the job at hand. Pretty soon Jonathan thought, The Plan will finally be over, and maybe, just maybe, Thorn Valley will be the safe haven we wish for. Dark clouds had filled the sky once more, much too thick for the sun to burn out of the sky. With a distant rumble of thunder in the distance, Jonathan exited the rosebush. A yellow pair of eyes followed him as he neared the Farmer's home. A dagger buried itself in the dirt wall. Sullivan lounged on his bed; the faint yellow bulb hanging overhead barely illuminated the good size room. He grasped another dagger in his hand, and took aim at the wall once more. Placing the tip of the blade between the thumb and pointer finger, he brought it close to his eye and aimed. With a flick of his wrist the blade spun through the air once, twice, thrice. On the fourth revolution it stuck itself in the soft earth with a whump. Sullivan grinned; it had embedded right next to the first dagger. I'm getting good. He lined up a third shot. The door to his room slammed open, making Sullivan jump and throwing his aim off. The blade arced and hit the wall pommel first, making a loud clink! Sullivan winced at the racket of the dagger bouncing off the ground and grumbled. \"What are you growling at?!\" The tall dark figured barked in the doorway. \"That would have been the third in a row…\" Sullivan mumbled. Jenner stormed to the fallen dagger, and in two swift moves grabbed it and slammed it into the wall, next to the others. Jenner then started pacing in front of the wall, a deadly look of frustration and grim determination sharing equal amounts in his posture and expression. He began mumbling, swinging his arms in exaggerated swings. Sullivan tapped his fingers together in patience. \"Those imbeciles, those fool, don't they see?\" Jenner grumbled to no one in particular. \"They are wrong, dead wrong.\" \"The council members—\" \"Yes, those sad excuses for council members!\" Jenner barked. \"Who else can it possibly be?!\" \"Well.\" Sullivan innocently started counting on his fingers. \"Last week it was Nicodemus, and then it was Justin, weirdly it was Cartmen once I think, and then finally the council members…\" \"Shut up.\" Jenner shot, continuing to pace. Sullivan took his advice. \"Cornelius isn't budging, no matter how much I threatened I would expose his secret, Damian swore his allegiance to Nicodemus' cause. It seems bribery has failed to keep Cassin under our thumb as well.\" He idly tugged on a thinly goatee on his pointy chin. Sullivan shrugged as he twiddled his thumbs. \"Maybe we should just accept that The Plan is going to happen.\" He said in a half hearted tone. Jenner stopped his manic pacing and glared at Sullivan, the portly rat began to immediately regret ever opening his mouth. \"What?\" Jenner said disbelievingly, taking a deadly step towards Sullivan. \"Are you saying you're against me?\" \"No Jenner.\" Sullivan stuttered. \"I'm not against your—\" \"You deny my plan is the right one?\" \"No, J-Jenner, I-I-I didn't say that—\" \"You would rather rot somewhere in some god-forsaken wilderness starving?\" \"No, Jenner please—\" Jenner slammed a massive fist into a small end table next to Sullivan's head, causing the rat to cover his face from the wood splinters that exploded from its once smooth surface. \"I suggest getting those thoughts out of your head, Sully.\" Jenner growled, Sullivan managed to shrink away more before Jenner grabbed the scruff of his neck and pulled his one friend nose to nose. \"It would be very, very poor for your health.\" \"Jenner, I've already sworn to your loyalty.\" Sullivan swallowed, trying in vain to break out of Jenner's iron grip. \"Your plan is the one and only plan on my mind.\" \"And why is that please explain to me; why is my plan the only one bouncing around in that hollow head of yours?\" Jenner threatened, with thick veins popping out of his neck. \"Because…because.\" Sullivan choked; his eyes began to roll into the back of his head. Jenner loosened his grip slightly, and Sullivan sighed. \"Because Nicodemus plans to have all of us die out in the wilderness, instead of remaining here and accepting the wonderful gift the Fitzgibbons have given us.\" Jenner slyly smiled. \"You mean humans , not Fitzgibbons, right?\" Sullivan madly nodded agreement. Jenner released his hold on Sullivan's neck, causing him to cough and draw ragged breaths. \"Good, now back to matters at hand; what to do about those treacherous council members.\" Jenner relaxed his menacing stance, and continued his pace, a little slower, absently stroking the little tuft of fur growing from his chin; Sullivan still had trouble getting his breathing under control as Jenner paced about. \"I think it's time we upped the ante a bit, my friend.\" \"How is that?\" Sullivan wheezed, massaging his neck. \"It seems the threats aren't working, maybe I should start with Cornelius once more, and actually tell his wife what he has been really doing late in the evenings.\" Jenner moved towards the door once more, with more enthusiasm as his new plan slowly came to fruition in his head. \"I'll go and 'inform' her now; oh this will be very interesting. Care to join me?\" With obvious reluctance Sullivan cautiously nodded and raised himself from his mattress, and followed after. As the day continued in its routine the clouds darkened, threatening to bring more rain and an early night. A mouse stood looking over towards the horizon from an attic window. The clouds in the distance did little to calm his nerves as he lowered a white extension cord out the window, into the hands of rats waiting patiently on the roof below. \"You got it?\" He shouted to the ones below him. \"Almost got it… yes got it!\" The rat called back, raising his hand in the air in thumbs up. \"We'll get this one back to the colony and you fetch another and we'll be done for the week.\" \"That's if we don't short out another cord.\" Jonathan shouted in rebuttal over a deep rumble of thunder. The rat scoffed at his joke, and the small band of thieves departed with their catch. Jonathan watched the clouds for a moment more before diving back into the attic for more. The rhythmic thud of the old tractor as it dragged its farm equipment through the damp dirt continued on outside. The farmer would be done soon, and the necessary supplies needed would have to wait for tomorrow. Pickings were getting slim, everything that they considered too valuable to the family was left untouched; box's labeled with someone's name, for instances, were left alone. Holiday lighting boxes however, unmarked boxes placed in the attic for storage, and everything else was up for grabs. But even those were now few and far between— Jonathan stopped hearing the tractor running, pulling him from his mind numbing worries. Mr. Fitzgibbon could be heard loudly cursing his misfortunes from the back field. Jonathan dashed to the window and glanced towards the rosebush, seeing five rats waltz out of its entrance idly chattering amongst them, unaware the Farmer had run into trouble. \"Go back!\" Jonathan shouted at them in vain. He resorted to flapping his arms madly, hoping maybe one of them would have the situational awareness to look up. Thankfully one did see Jonathan flap about like a fledgling bird about to take flight, and signaled for the rest to look towards the attic window at the spectacle. \"Go back, the Farmer has stopped!\" He continued to shout while flapping about. They all looked around at each other with confusion. \"What?\" Was the unanimous reply from the group. \"Go back!\" He shouted once more, motioning towards the rosebush. They looked towards the rosebush. \"Yes, that's the rosebush!\" someone shouted back with even more confusion. \"You deaf idiots…\" Jonathan said aloud, slapping his forehead in frustration. \"Dead what, what did you say?\" \" The, Farmer, has, stopped, plowing, the, field! \" Jonathan screamed at the top of his lungs. \"Get back in the-\" Too late, Mr. Fitzgibbons rounded the corner, and spotted the five rats outside the rosebush. \"What in the world is all this?!\" He yelped, spotting the five massive rats frozen in place. \"Holy cow, look at the size of them!\" Everyone froze a moment before taking any action; rat and human locked in terrified eye- contact. The rats reacted milliseconds faster than Mr. Fitzgibbons; He dashed into his house to grab a gun, the rats back into the rosebush. Jonathan watched hopelessly from his perch as the yard went deathly silent. There was a commotion downstairs, some shuffling of furniture that Jonathan could hear, then heavy boots clambered back onto the porch; Mr. Fitzgibbons emerged, holding a rifle in his shaky grasp, yelling back into the house. \"Debby you and Billy stay indoors, these rats are big and brave!\" I wouldn't know about brave. Jonathan thought. He squelched the joke, now was not the time to be funny. Mr. Fitzgibbons shuffled cautiously towards the rosebush, the rifle barrel low as he slowly hunched over and peered into the entrance point for the rats. It was almost comical; Mr. Fitzgibbons, a fairly built man who worked the fields and provided for his family, looked like he would drop the gun and run back inside the house screaming. Perhaps, we are equally fearful of each other. Mr. Fitzgibbons parted a small bushel of roses aside with the tip of the rifle and peered into the thick bush, his head bobbed about like a chickens. It really was a sight to see Mr. Fitzgibbons this jumpy. \"Huh, well I'll be.\" He said in a low voice. \"There is a burrow down in there.\" \"Did you scare them off Harold?\" Mrs. Fitzgibbons hollered from the kitchen window. Mr. Fitzgibbons groaned as he stood up straight. \"No, but I found where they're living.\" He cautiously backed away from the rosebush. \"They're hiding out in the rosebush!\" \"Oh dear, what do we do?\" She cried. \"Get some matches and some fuel…\" Mr. Fitzgibbons started, stroking the thick mustache that grew above his mouth. Jonathan felt extreme fear for the colony; if he burned the rosebush, he could smother us out! He tried in vain to come up with a way to stop the much bigger Fitzgibbons single handedly. Thankfully Mrs. Fitzgibbon saw reason, before Jonathan came up with something drastic. \"Harold Fitzgibbons, what makes you think you can burn that rosebush!\" She ran out of the house and began waving a finger in his direction. \"That is the most that scraggly thing has grown in years.\" \"I know, but—\"Mr. Fitzgibbons started, realizing he was losing ground fast with the argument. \"But nothing Harold, Don't burn it.\" She sternly said, placing her hands on her hips, almost in a rehearsed fashion. Jonathan sighed in relief, thanking Mrs. Fitzgibbons for thinking so clearly. \"Keep trying the traps and poison, or try waiting for them to come out.\" Jonathan redacted his gratefulness, and contemplated running around in the kitchen around her ankles that evening. \"Hey, good idea Deb, I'll wait them out.\" He nodded to himself in agreement. He trundled back onto the porch and pecked Mrs. Fitzgibbons on the cheek. \"What would I do without you?\" He plopped himself down on a wooden rocking chair, rifle on his lap. \"Probably starve.\" She said in monotone before disappearing back inside the house. Jonathan couldn't see Mr. Fitzgibbons expression from his position above the porch, but he was betting the farmer had a priceless scowl on his bushy face. Jonathan had found himself in an awkward position; the farmer was watching the entrance to the rosebush, so there was no way he could just enter the rosebush without the farmer seeing him. So, it looks like I'm going to wait it out with Mr. Fitzgibbons . Jonathan grimaced; the incoming storm clouds were coming in fast and it looked like Mr. Fitzgibbons was going to be on guard for a while, as the Misses brought him his pipe and a glass of water. And on top of that, Dragon isn't going to get his 'medication' at his usual time. Jonathan just hoped nobody was going to come out of the rosebush and start looking for him yet, if Fitzgibbons didn't start blasting away then surly Dragon would catch one of them. With some reluctance, Jonathan slumped from his position in the window and settled in for a long haul; every hour or so he would climb out from his hideout, check the wooden rocking chair and for its occupant. As time wore on Jonathan stuck to this pattern, each hour Mr. Fitzgibbons stayed on his vigil. Time wore on and Jonathan found himself growing increasingly bored, finding nothing to do in the attic, he started to nod off. No, got to keep awake, he told himself as his eyelids got heavier by the second. Have to be ready when Fitzgibbons gives up, before Dragon is fully awake. Got, to…stay… A rumble of thunder drew him from falling into sleep. In a half dozed state, and without thinking, he slapped his cheek. The surprising sting of his hand connecting with his face gave him a spike of adrenaline, and before he knew it he was more than wide awake. He shook his head to add to the affect. Raising himself up from his sitting position he bounded back towards the attic window and peered at the sky; thick and heavy rain drops began to patter against the shingled porch roof. The air was cool as Jonathan edged his way out the window and onto the porch roof, rain drops already soaking his fur down to his skin as he stepped to the edge of the roof, and edged himself cautiously over to peer on the unsuspecting members below. Mr. Fitzgibbons was still seated on his rocking chair, wisps of blue smoke lazily floated out of his pipe as he stroked Dragon, now seated on his lap and his rifle set aside, an eagle's eye still trained on the rosebush. Of course, Jonathan growled. He pulled himself back up on the roof and scratched his head. Now what, I can't wait all night. If only there was a back door… Wait, there is! Jonathan kicked himself for not remembering the rosebush had another access point, one he accidently stumbled on-with help from Eric-. Sure it would add some time on the roundabout trip, but it still meant he could get back inside safe and sound and out of the rain without being seen, or for that fact, eaten. A crack of thunder rumbled a little too close for comfort, and signaled the light drizzle to become a full on downpour from above. Jonathan quickly found himself soaked to the bone, and gripping tightly to the shingles at his feet so he wouldn't be swept off the rather high up area he was trapped on that quickly gathered a sheen of water flowing rapidly towards the roofs edge. Mr. Fitzgibbons whooped from his seat, and Dragon darted for cover inside the house. \"That was a good one!\" He exclaimed and started to laugh almost maniacally. Jonathan was terrified for his life as he crawled towards a drainage pipe and failed to see the humor in the situation. Humans are insane, it's that simple. Reaching the other side of the roof, he found the drainage pipe for the gutters; a dark vortex that the water twirled down and gurgled as it washed down and finally ran out to the lawn. Jonathan felt his heart begin to pound, was he really going to consider this? His hands were cold already, the fur on his head was now weighed down with water and getting in his eyes, forcing him to periodically shake his head to clear his sight, and the water was cold as well, pretty soon he would start shivering. He couldn't wait out the Farmer any longer or get around him; food and rest were needed, along with a towel. He calmed his racing thoughts and tried to get his heart rate under control by taking a deep breath, and slowly released it; here goes nothing. He scrunched his legs, and jumped feet first. But not before he heard Mrs. Fitzgibbons call from inside the house. \"Harold those rats aren't going to come out in this weather, come inside and help me set up candles and flashlights in case we lose power.\" \"Oh, all right.\" He sounded disappointed, as he grabbed his rifle and walked back into the house. Of course! Jonathan found himself in mid- air and trying to stop his descent. He flailed his arms out, trying to get a hold of a ledge, a lip, anything to stop his near suicidal jump down the water slide from Hell. His claws caught on a seam, just before he was lost down the drainage pipe. He clamped down hard on his life line as water rushed over his knuckles, over his arms, and into his face. He tried desperately to haul himself out of the raging torrent and breathe as water poured down his airway. He coughed and forced himself to hold his breath as his lungs ached for air, and to evacuate the water in his lungs. He fought the reflex as long as he could, water flowing over his eyes and blinded, he heaved and his grip faltered. He tumbled into the watery darkness, trying to take in gulps of air in between being submerged as his mind spun in the darkness, only to get a mouthful of water for his troubles. His stomach bounced from his throat to his feet, and it seemed he was falling into an endless pit once more, before he was shot out of the bottom of the pipe riding a wave of water. All he could see was the endless gray of the sky as he flew out backwards, screaming and disoriented as the water carried him away from the Farmer's home, and the rosebush, down the yard with the small stream. He tried in futility to stop himself by grabbing the short grass stocks of the groomed yard, but the tiny green strands squeaked in his wet palms and did little to slow him as he careened past the driveway. \"Help me!\" He cried out between gulps of water. \"Someone, help-\" His head struck a protruding rock in the stream, and he was knocked unconscious. The stream continued to carry his limp form along its path, towards the dirt road. Writer's note: Aiming for putting another chapter up this weekend. Stay tuned.[Chapter 15] . Chapter 15: Recovery. \"For the last time Jenner, you can't change my mind!\" A rat named Cassin shouted into the face of Jenner. \"I would seriously consider changing your mind Cass.\" Jenner insisted with a dagger swinging dangerously close to Cassin's neck. \"Your health could be at serious—\" \"I'm not scared by your empty threats anymore Jenner.\" Cassin defiantly grabbed Jenner's wrist with the dagger and threw it aside, the dagger clattered to the ground uselessly as Jenner's expression twisted into shock. \"For three years I have been harassed by you and your little sidekick.\" Cassin motioned towards the equally stunned Sullivan. \"I've had enough of this game. It is about time you grew up and accepted you are losing this argument.\" With that Cassin stormed off, leaving the duo behind. Jenner however, wasn't quite finished as he shook with rage, and chased after Cassin. \"Don't you dare walk away from me!\" Jenner seethed, catching up to and grabbing Cassin by the shoulder and roughly slamming him against the cave wall. \"Don't you dare touch me!\" Cassin growled, baring his teeth at Jenner's advance. \"I will have the guards up here faster than you and Sullivan can think.\" Moments of tension ticked by, as Jenner had Cassin pinned against the wall refusing to back down. Jenner seemed ready to rip Cassin's throat out with his bare hands, but something made him hold back. For just the briefest of moments Jenner stopped growling and loosened his grip, and Cassin capitalized by breaking his grip by delivering a swift blow to Jenner's mid-section with a knee. Jenner doubled over and fell to the floor. \"If I see any of you within twenty feet of me, I will personally call the guards and have you arrested for harassment.\" Cassin regained his composure, straightened his outfit, and briskly walked out of sight before Jenner could recover. Sullivan quickly ran to the still groaning Jenner. He shook off Sullivan's assistance, and instead settled for struggling to his feet on his own. \"Are we going to go after him?\" Sullivan meekly asked studying Jenner's twisted, angry expression as he towered over the shorter Sullivan. \"No.\" Jenner wheezed. \"Let him go, we have more pressing matters to attend to.\" \"Like what?\" \"Right now, you need to bugger off and find something else to do for a while.\" Jenner coughed once, and composed himself as best as he could, fixing his collar, wiping the spit of his lip, straightened his shirt… Sullivan however, saw through Jenner's ruse; as he idly smoothed his fur back on his head, his eyes betrayed a plot that he began to devise in his head of what to do next, much to Sullivan's hope, it seemed he would be left out of whatever scheme Jenner had come up with. That was unless Jenner needed him for the plan later on. \"Your still here.\" He muttered eyeing the pudgy rat with a green eye. \"Oh, ha sorry I-I-I was just thinking.\" Sullivan stammered. \"Get!\" Jenner barked. Sullivan immediately began to beat foot, in any direction, as long as it was away from Jenner. As Sullivan skittered away he began to also grumble; he always hated how he could never stand up for himself around Jenner, sure if anyone else had spoken to him like that he would put them in their place, regardless whom it was. But there was something sinister behind the threats that Jenner had spewed to Sullivan; though they had both been incredibly close friends since the departure from NIMH, it disintegrated to a master-servant relationship. Sullivan wanted it to return back to the way it was, and the only way he saw how that was going to happen, was if he helped Jenner get what he wanted, then he would return back to his old self. Hopefully, that's all Sullivan could hope for, as he looked back a last time at his friend as he disappeared around a corner. Sullivan had turned his sullen gaze forward just in time, as he almost walked into a familiar guard making her rounds. \"Hey Sully, you got a moment?\" \"Don't call me Sully.\" Sullivan grumbled. \"What do you want Bridget?\" \"Excuse me.\" She flatly stated. She cleared her throat and glanced around idly. \"I'm going around and asking colonists if they have happened to see Jonathan walking around. I don't suppose you—\" \"No.\" He flatly stated, cutting her off. Suddenly a thought raced through his head; he had seen Jonathan earlier in the day, storming towards his quarters while he and Jenner were attempting to 'persuade' key council members to continue they're 'support' of staying at the rosebush. A dastardly thought formed; maybe a little misinformation could shake some morale. Sullivan had to repress a smile as he put his best act forward. \"Actually, now that you mention it Bridget, I do remember seeing him around.\" She immediately garnered suspicion of Sullivan's demeanor; he went from reluctant to helpful in no time flat. \"Where did you see him?\" She asked with suspicion. \"He was walking towards his quarters, some time ago.\" Sullivan said with an upbeat tone. \"I don't know if I believe you or not Sullivan—\" \"Hey don't listen.\" Sullivan shrugged. \"You asked and I just answered so…\" \"Okay I get it.\" Bridget stopped him. \"Sorry, I'm just a little on edge, I just haven't seen him and I'm just a little worried about Dragon coming out of his haze.\" \"Don't preach to me.\" Sullivan shot. \"Check his room, or better yet asked the search party, they just got back. Leave me out of it.\" With that said, Sullivan stormed off, leaving behind a fairly shocked Bridget. He usually doesn't act that hostile, not even when he's around Jenner. She quickly caught on however, that he was planning something; he wasn't subtle as Jenner about concealing secrets. That's how she learned Jenner had attacked Nicodemus and The Plan behind closed doors and out of earshot of anyone. Little did Jenner suspect a certain female guard was going about her rounds when she happened to eavesdrop on their conversation. She shook off Sullivan's pleasant demeanor, and instead decided to test his claim, maybe Jon did come back and he's staying in his room. She started in the direction of his quarters, and if he wasn't there, then she would try the search party next. Of all the rotten luck, it just had to start raining again. She ran on all fours back towards her home, the rain getting considerably heavier as she searched for something to eat for that evening. She sadly turned up empty handed, and now she was empty handed and soaked. She decided to take the regular route home, which swung close to the end of the Fitzgibbons driveway and back to the summer home along the far fence of their property. She timidly bounded around a muddy puddle in the grass as she tried to remain under some cover from the endless barrage of rain. She stopped under a wooden fence post to catch her breath and gather her bearings. The menacing dark clouds had almost blocked out all but the hardiest of the setting sun's rays. With a swift shake of her body, water flew about, and she was, at least for the moment, slightly less drenched. It's going to be good to finally curl up in bed and wait this storm out. With a deep sigh, she sprinted back into the curtain of water, weaving between surprisingly deep puddles and dark mud. After travelling in the grey for a few minutes, she came across a rainwater river; a temporary trickle of water that formed under extended periods of heavy rainfall. It was moving at a rather swift pace and was surprisingly wide, and she was sure she would lose her footing and be swept away if she were to just cross right here. Sometimes being a small rodent certainly has its disadvantages. She scanned the banks, looking for some kind of tree root or shallow spot for crossing safely. In the seemingly never ending downpour it limited eyesight to only a few feet in all directions. She shook some more excess water, and shielded her eyes from raindrops as she scanned her surroundings. There, in the distance and upstream, it looked like some dirt and sticks had built up enough of a bottle-neck for the river to make it a safe crossing point, with some careful timing and a skillful jump, it would be nothing but smooth sailing from here to home. She followed the bank, circumventing some areas that were blocked by thick vegetation, or the muddy banks looked to unstable to walk on. She was disheartened to see it wasn't as built up as it appeared from a distance; it seemed it was only a bundle of grass impeded by a precariously wedged tree branch being held in place by only the current of the river. Thankfully it seemed the other bank was close enough she could still jump across, but would have an edge of difficulty thanks to being soaked to the bone. She was cold and shivering, if she didn't get out of this weather and dry off soon she would definitely catch a deathly cold. She stepped away from the bank to get a running start; with a final swift flick of her head she could see her goal clearly, and a deep breath of courage, she ran on all fours back towards the river. Have to time this just right. Her heart raced as the edge bounded closer and closer with each stride; she had to time her jump just at the bank's edge, not too soon as to tumble into the water, but not too late to just stumble in. she cleared the vegetation, she could see the landing spot on the other side; clear and beckoning her home. She could almost smell her warm and dry home. The roiling, murky and rushing water pushed against the makeshift dam. Then something bobbed to the surface. The object in question caught her eye, breaking her concentration just for a split second; it almost looked like… A nose? She dug her claws into the soft earth in an attempt to slow down. She failed to slow more than a fraction of her speed, willing her claws to dig deeper into the ground and stop her before she fell into the water. She began to slide sideways as the spray of water from the river forced her eyes closed; she gritted her teeth at the pain of her claws catching small rocks in the cool earth. She prepared herself for the pull of the river tugging her under any second now. She stopped mere inches from the water's edge. She started to breathe normally once again. She reluctantly turned her gaze back towards the water; what she had just seen, actually be what she thought she saw? Or was her mind playing tricks with her? She searched the surface, hoping she wouldn't find somebody and prayed it was just a stick floating down river. Her answer came in the form of the object surfacing once more. It was not a wayward stick, it was a nose. A portion of the creature followed after the nose; a gray furred head bobbed to the surface, the figures eyes were partially open, as was its mouth; water formed a small pool in the open cavity. She recognized the face immediately. It's that mouse who saved me from the other day! She covered her mouth to stop from screaming out in fright; what should she do? Was he dead? So many thoughts raced through her head as she saw his head disappear back under the roiling current. She bit her lip; what should I do? He did save me, but his scent, it was so… strange. She didn't fully understand why he had saved her or understood his scent; anyone else would have stayed to themselves. And his scent, it gave the weirdest feeling, like it wasn't natural, like he wasn't real. She couldn't explain it in words, but that was the best she could come up with in the situation. But one action was needed right now; he needed help. She tried and failed to get her breathing back under control, was she really about to do this, for a complete stranger? She didn't give her mind ample amounts of time to think it through, she lowered herself into the raging current, her front paws gripping tightly to the dirt bank as the current tugged at her waist and threatening to pin her to the debris dam with this male mouse. She swallowed her fear, and her heart, as she let go of her one life line back out. She kicked madly at the current until she reached the dam. She reached out and dug her claws into the first solid thing she could feel. Her head got violently pulled under as her arms stopped, but the current carried the rest of her downstream. She coughed the water forcing itself down her windpipe out and pulled herself with all her might to her new lifeline, the water still tugged and yanked at her lower half, but she had a good hold of the dam, she pulled half of herself out and tried to regain some strength and willpower. Everything screamed at her to turn back, to swim back to the safety of the shore. But she couldn't just give up on the poor guy; his head bobbed to the surface once more before being submerged, his body pressed against the dam from the current. She had to move faster; otherwise he wouldn't be alive for much longer, if he wasn't already dead. She pushed her aching arms to shimmy herself deeper into the middle of the river, deeper into the current and closer to the mouse. Her arms were on fire from the immense exertion of energy it took to remain afloat and cling to the driftwood, which was now preventing her from drowning. Ample amounts of adrenaline helped her to finally reach him, but now she had a new dilemma; how am I going to get him back to shore or myself for that matter? Her mind panicked for a brief moment. She hadn't considered what to do once she threw herself out here, but she had to think of something, and fast. She reached for the lifeless form with one arm, her fingertips just brushing his fur. Her stomach churned as she noticed he was completely drenched, and cold to the touch. For a moment she lost all hope, she should just leave him be, and she should focus on saving herself now. No, she had to be sure, she had to drag him to shore and be one-hundred percent sure he was gone before she would accept defeat. She reached for him again, determined to grab a hold of something. Her fingers brushed fur once again, and she wrapped her hands tightly around him, and she pulled. She immediately cringed when she realized she had a handful of his fur on his head. She almost blurted out an apology, but it was the only thing she could grab and she wasn't about to let go. Hopefully he'll understand after all this. She pulled as hard as she would dare on his hair, and he came loose from the dam's hold. Immediately the current grabbed a hold of the male's body, and dragged her with him under the dam, and into the river. She clawed desperately to swim to the surface and breathe, but the waves and the current prevented either, she also still had a handful of the fellow's hair in one hand. She paddled in the direction she hoped was up, and thankfully breached the water's surface for a moment. She saw a bend in the river where the current had slowed, a gentle sloping bank showed an easy exit out of the water. She began to tread water, with mouse in tow, towards the beach until the soft mud of the shallow water could be felt under foot. She hauled herself up and out of the swirling water, and after securing a more reasonable hold on the fellow's arms, dragged him out next. Oh, please still be alive. His skin was a sickly gray under his fur and he was cold to the touch. A stone had formed in the pit of her stomach as she willed herself to try one last time; she had to be one-hundred percent sure. \"H-h-hey, w-wake up.\" She stammered, shaking his shoulder. His eyes remained closed; a pool of water remained stagnant in his open mouth. She panicked a moment as she scanned for any movement, any kind. \"H-h-hey.\" She tried again, nudging his shoulder with a little more force. After the shockwaves of her nudge subsided, he remained still. She grimaced, maybe it was too late. In a desperate last attempt before she completely gave up, she decided to roll him on his side. Maybe getting the water out of his mouth will do something. She hoped, as she heaved on his massive frame. She struggled to roll him on his side; he was surprisingly heavy for his size. She resorted to digging her feet into the soft sand and push with both arms on his shoulder and back. She managed to throw his arm over his chest, whatever good it would do, to assist in adding some counter weight. She pushed with all her might, heaving and groaning from the extra strain of her already exhausted muscles. Almost there, she noted seeing his head roll to the side, some water spilled from his mouth. Slamming her eyes shut, she gave one final heave, and he finally came to a rest on his side, more water poured out from his form. Her paws slipped on his wet fur, and with the added force of her still pushing feet she toppled onto him. His elbow dug into her gut as her bodyweight crashed down on top of him. Water evacuated his lungs, and he coughed erratically. She scrambled off of him, and saw the color slowly return to his pale skin. With each heave more water spilled forth from his mouth, until he lay motionless on his side; alive, breathing and drooling. She felt a wave of elation wash over her as she saw his side rise and fall with each raspy breath he took, He's alive! She waited with bated breath for him to open his eyes and wake up, it didn't seem like he was ready to join the realm of the living just yet, but maybe he would come to in a little bit. As the feeling of saving a life slowly subsided, she started to worry about this mystery mouse again; he wasn't waking up, she tried shaking his shoulder again, but he didn't seem to respond. She looked around in worry; nobody would be coming out in this weather, and of he wasn't taken out of the rain he would surely catch a deadly cold, or get eaten by a predator. What if you take him home and make sure he's alright? Her mind asked. She violently shook her head; No way! She fought back, He's a stranger there's no way I would take him to my house! You did just save him though, and he's still not out of danger. Look, his head is bleeding. She cautiously stepped back towards him and looked at the back of his head; there was a large blotch of crimson that covered the back of his head. She hadn't noticed that while she was pushing him over. The answer is no that is my rule; I don't let strangers into my home! She began to pace back and forth, arguing aloud with herself of the repercussions of allowing a stranger into her home. He's still not safe though, you can't be sure anybody would travel this way, and even less of a chance they would help him! I'm sure someone must be looking for him, they must! You can't be sure! She stopped in her manic pacing, crossed her arms and huffed. \"No I am not dragging him home, and that is final.\" She said aloud, to her own thoughts. A crack of lightning above jerked her from her thoughts, making her yelp in fright. You can't just leave him here… Her rational mind began to lose ground. She hung her head and sighed. She looked back at the male mouse still prone on the ground. I, I can't just leave him here, can I. She nervously bit her knuckle and glanced around, trying to look for an out of this awkward situation. She couldn't believe she was about to break her own cardinal rule! With some obvious reluctance, she made her way over to him, and grabbed his wrists. I'll bandage the wound on his head, then come morning he is leaving. She told herself, as she grunted and heaved the unconscious being; face down, and back to her small dry home. \"Man you are heavy.\" She complained aloud, tripping in the slippery mud. A hulking figure stumbled its way to a rundown dresser. It lost its footing, and crashed into the dresser with a loud crash; objects on its cluttered surface tipped over and fell to the floor as the figure steadied itself in an unstable world. Jenner blinked several times in vain to clear his blurry and swirling vision. He managed to get his feet back underneath him, only for them to buckle uselessly, he resorted back to using his dresser as a makeshift crutch until he tried and succeeded in getting them back as his foundation. Begrudgingly he glanced at the dirty mirror hastily attached to his crutch and groaned; there in the mirror, a sad looking rat gazed back at him. His slicked back fur was disheveled and wild, its eyes were bloodshot, the once regal attire now stained and torn. Jenner growled at himself. \" Look at you, you washed up has-been.\" He slurred at his reflection. \" Look what you have allowed yourself to become; a big bag of hot air with no spine.\" He bared his teeth and swung at the creature taunting him. He shattered into a million pieces and scattered over the dresser surface, Jenner didn't even feel the glass shards stuck in his massive hand as he glanced down at it. He grumbled, flicked his wrist and continued his self-loathing. \" You are a dog that is all bark and no bite.\" He growled to himself. \" If you took some initiative you would have this colony eating out of the palm of your hand!\" He stood, with a rush of anger he bellowed at his walls, and swung madly around in a circle, trying to strike them before stumbling on his own feet and landing hard on his back. He barely felt a thing as he struggled to get upright again, still spewing hatred. \" Why don't you do something about it huh?\" He asked himself as he stumbled back to his feet. \" Why not prove you are not a dog full of bark?\" He continued to ask no one. \" I have nothing to prove to anyone.\" He told them. \" No?\" Something in his mind asked. \" Why don't you prove it to yourself; prove to yourself you can take the next step!\" Jenner carefully steadied himself without the aid of anything. \" I have taken the next step, threats are hollow to them!\" He spat at the walls. \" Then take another, bigger step.\" The walls whispered to him. A realization slowly flooded his mind as he searched desperately for his bed. There, next to it was an unassuming nightstand, but Jenner knew, there was something hiding in its drawer. He stumbled towards it, falling onto his knees in front of it and tore the drawer from its place. A dagger fell to the ground in front of him. He reached for it with a steady, bloody hand. \" Give the threats, a little more bite.\" The walls told him. \"More bite.\" He slowly repeated, eyeing the deadly folded metal resting in his palm. \"More bite.\" \" Show them.\" The walls encouraged. \" Show them not to underestimate you.\" \"Yeah, I'll show them.\" He slurred with a grin. \"I'll show them not to fear me!\" Dammit, he's not in his room. Bridget cursed in her mind. She had listened to that fat good-for-nothing- rat Sullivan and went into a wild goose chase, trekked across the whole colonies' expanse to his room and found it empty. She knew something fishy was going on with Sullivan, but she ignored her gut feeling and instead tried to remain biased, as a guard. As the person she was though, she knew already. I should've talked to the search party first, stupid rookie mistake. She didn't dwell on it long, no sense in it. She double-timed it back to the barracks, determined to find out where Jonathan disappeared to. She winded down the several spiral staircases, inclines and corridors until she arrived at the unassuming structure that was lucky to be called a 'barracks' at all. She was surprised to hear excited chatter and light shining through the makeshift doorway. She stopped a moment and listened; the sound of Justin's voice as he spoke from the stand in the small structure echoed through the small room and easily into the hall. It sounded like he was addressing Jonathan's disappearance as well. That's good, she thought to herself as she stepped into the room, Justin stopped mid word and all eyes fell on her. \"What is everyone looking at?\" She said uncomfortably. \"W-we were hoping you were Jonathan.\" Someone from the search party said. \"He, he didn't come back with you guys?\" \"No, he was in the attic window telling us to go back in the rosebush.\" Bridget garnered a look of disbelief at the newfound news. \"You, left him up there?!\" \"Now Bridget lets remain calm, they didn't mean to leave him up there.\" Justin interjected, watching several figures in the crowd recoil from her obvious irritation at their incompetence. \"He told them to go back to the rosebush because Farmer Fitzgibbons' tractor broke down and he walked to the front of the house. He was looking out for their safety.\" Bridget stopped grinding her teeth, and let her shoulders drop. She sighed heavily, a sigh of defeat and exhaustion. \"Why haven't we gone to rescue him yet?\" She stated, rather than questioned. \"That's what we're holding this meeting for; we're trying to come up with a way to get him out of the farmer's house without being seen.\" Justin said, seeing the distress in her expression. \"Without the cat Dragon spotting us either.\" Bridget added. \"Come in and sit down, we need every opinion and idea right now.\" Justin urged, motioning for Bridget a seat amongst the others. She took the offer and sat in the first available seat she could easily reach. She settled into her seat and listened, as others stood and spoke and gave ideas, the meeting dragged on for hours and no one failed to mention: Bridget raised her hand; Justin had a look of surprise on his face as he waved her to stand. \"I'm hearing a lot of plans for the morning, but what about right now?\" She asked. Hushed murmurs spread like wild fire through the stands as Justin analyzed her words. \"What do you mean?\" Justin asked after the whispers died down. \"I mean Jonathan doesn't have any food if he's trapped up there, maybe we should at least throw him a care package or something.\" Justin shook his head sternly. \"It's too risky.\" Justin added. \"I'm sorry Bridget.\" She sat down slowly, defeated. \"Jon is smart and resourceful, I'm sure he can look out for himself out there.\" Justin attempted to lighten the mood. He failed to help Bridget feel better about it, she fell into the crowd, resting her head in her hands she remained silent the rest of the meeting. She could only worry about the little mouse she thought of as the closest thing she had to a brother. I hope your alright out there Jon.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: First Word. She pushed the makeshift door open as thunder rumbled in the distance. She continued to huff as she tugged one final time on the 'Dead' Weight' she decided to drag home. I'm already regretting doing this. His body followed shortly behind his arms, rolling down the small rampart into her home and nearly flattening her in the process. She stumbled over him and closed the door that kept the elements out. She sighed in relief and shook herself off in the entry way, turning a dreary eye towards her new guest; the sad sopping wet figure took up most of the space on her small floor. One of the reasons she didn't have guests over in her summer home was because it was barely large enough for her, let alone company or an unconscious being. She grabbed a small towel hanging next to the door and draped it over her shoulders and slowly walked into the single room abode. A hint of hopelessness found its way into her thoughts as she dried one of her ears and glanced around. Where on earth is he going to go? Even with the lack of any real plan, she hadn't refined it in the twenty minutes of dragging him through the mud about what to do once she got him this far; as much as she hated it, she couldn't just leave him right in the middle of the floor, he would be right in the way. He would be in the way no matter where he went; he was quite big for a mouse. As if on cue, she noticed he started to shiver ever so slightly. She frowned as she realized she would have to sacrifice a little more dignity, she decided to let him have the mattress. She was reluctant as she pulled him over to the mound of soft cotton and cloth scraps and rolled him onto the makeshift bed. As much as she wanted to curl up in her warm bed and call it a night instead, he needed it a little more than her at the moment. But he is not taking my favorite blanket. She made her way to some make-shift cupboards and began rummaging through all the spaces, muttering to herself where she had placed the wraps last. She found some wraps, in a completely different place from where she thought they were, and grabbed a small scrap of cloth. She had stuck the fabric out the window to her little cottage when she heard a noise behind her; it made her jump and spin around to see what it was. The mouse's teeth began to chatter as his shivering worsened. She drew the cloth back inside and made her way over to the bedside. She gingerly sat next to him, and nervously swallowed. She carefully moved his head to the side and cringed at the wound on his head; it was a large red-purple welt under his fur, a small cut in the middle of it had a small trickle of blood oozing out of it. She gingerly used the damp cloth to wipe the blood away, and began to wrap the wound. She used up the last of the wrap, tucked the loose end into the dressing, and draped a spare blanket over the shivering being. His shivering lessened, but didn't completely seize. She didn't know if she should maybe, tuck him in or not, but took the safe route and just left the blanket as is. She went above and beyond dragging him here, breaking her own cardinal rule, addressing the head wound and letting him take her bed, and she figured he would survive by this point. He'll survive if I don't tuck him in. She gathered her blanket off the floor, and wrapped it around her. She moved to the opposite wall of her bed, and slide down onto the cold dirt floor, pulling her knees to her chest, and sighed. What a day. She had met- well, was struck- by someone new and had saved her life, and in return she seemed to have saved his life. Though she wasn't sure if he would be grateful or not, considering the way he sprinted away from her, seemingly at the exact point she had caught his strange scent, but she couldn't be sure until he regained consciousness. Her questions would have to wait until tomorrow. She watched his chest rise and fall underneath the blanket; he had finally stopped shivering and seemed to be sleeping peacefully. She started to wonder as her eyelids grew heavy; what would she do when he woke up? Her mind was too exhausted to ponder on the thought for much longer; she made herself as comfortable as possible on the cold floor and curled into a tight ball. She watched the figure on the bed for a moment more, and couldn't help but smile ever so slightly; he was alive. Jenner stumbled about the darkened hallways, grumbling and mumbling. Keeping his balance only by his hands pushing off the walls of the certain hallway he found himself stumbling down. He had no idea who or what he was looking for, but the dagger stashed under his tattered cape and holstered on his belt demanded justice to Jenner's damaged pride. As he stumbled about he hadn't noticed a certain rat come into his blurry view. \"Jenner?\" \"Whose there…show yourself.\" Jenner slurred, spinning on his heels and nearly falling onto the ground out of surprise. \"You would know exactly who it is if you weren't bumbling around drunk. I told you to stay away from me.\" \"Cassin.\" Jenner growled. His hand edged towards his hidden weapon, stealthy as he could possibly be. \"Jenner, I see what you're doing with your hand, don't take me for a simpleton.\" Jenner could only grumble a response, the act of reaching for his weapon was using all the processing power his brain was capable of doing in his state. \"How's about you go home and soak your head, before I call the guards.\" Cassin threatened; studying Jenner's body language as he slowly stepped around the rat, keeping a wide berth. \"It's your fault I'm stooping to this level.\" Jenner slurred, finally pulling the dagger from its holster, and then nearly dropping it as he brought it to bear. \"Jenner, what the hell do you think you're doing?!\" Cassin shot disbelievingly, taking a cautious step back. \"I'm taking care, of a loose end.\" Jenner mumbled; losing his balance for a second and finding some support remaining vertical on the tunnel wall. \"Jenner lets think about this, you are heavily intoxicated and not thinking clearly!\" Cassin said, carefully watching the dagger swing about in Jenner's loose grip. \"Oh, I'm thinking the clearest I have in a long time.\" Jenner pushed off the wall onto his own two feet, and took a step towards Cassin, who in turn took a step back. \"Now Jenner, I'm willing not to call the guards on you, if you just put that down, and let me go.\" Cassin clearly spoke, putting his hands up in front of him. His thoughts raced as he kept his gaze switching between Jenner's bloodshot gaze and the dagger loosely held in his grasp. Jenner said something, but it wasn't comprehensible, his footing began to get wobbly again, and he looked like he may have been on the verge of passing out; his eyelids slowly closing over his eyes in asymmetrical patterns. Cassin quickly began to formulate a plan in his head of relieving the dagger from Jenner's wobbly grip. \"Okay Jenner, you got me.\" He faked defeat. \"Wha-?\" Jenner could only mumble, coming partially out of his sleepy state. \"You got me; I know why you're mad at me.\" Cassin kept his hands in front of him in a passive expression; his eyes flashing from Jenner's to the dagger as he took a cautious step forward. \"I know you need me for my position as a council member, so you can stop us from going to Thorn Valley, right?\" Jenner's face was contorted in what could only be described as confusion, \"Right.\" He finally mumbled, not noticing Cassin edge his way closer. \"I, I feel bad for going against your best wishes Jenner.\" Cassin continued, lowering one hand a fraction at a time towards the still outstretched dagger. \"I agree with your argument now Jenner, we can't go to Thorn Valley.\" Jenner was edging towards unconsciousness; Cassin's words echoed in his ears as nothing more than noise, all he wanted to do was go to sleep now. \"I've put some thought into it; I will drop the charges against you and Sullivan, and I promise to vote for your cause.\" Cassin absently mentioned, no longer watching Jenner but the dagger in his hand. \"So what do you say, we put this whole thing behind us…\" Cassin glanced up once more, and saw Jenner's eyes close for a second. Without a moment's hesitation, he dove for the knife in an attempt to rip it from Jenner. Jenner barely reacted when he heard Cassin cry out and tackled him to the ground; the act alone stunned him, making Jenner lose his footing and stumble back. Cassin's hands were wrapped around Jenner's wrists as they rolled around on the ground; Cassin trying to wrench the weapon from Jenner's grip. Jenner could only squeeze as hard as he could on the object in his hand as his world blurred around him, moving too fast for his mind to process what was going on, he still wasn't entirely sure who had tackled him anymore or why they were trying to take his dagger, he only fought out of sheer confusion to the situation. Cassin and Jenner fought over the dagger, grunts coming from both parties at the exertion of energy. Jenner closed his eyes; if the world continued to blur and spin anymore he was surely going to vomit. But then it stopped abruptly as he felt the dagger stop, and sink into something soft. Cassin released a pained gasp. Jenner risked opening his eyes; the first thing he saw was Cassin's horrified expression, merely inches away from his face. Jenner glanced down. The dagger was buried, in Cassin's chest. Cassin, in a burst of adrenaline, pushed himself off Jenner and fell against the wall in the narrow tunnel they now found themselves in, breathing rapidly through his mouth. Jenner could only look on in stunned disbelief as Cassin stared back at him with wide eyes. Cassin's eyes then fell to the dagger in his chest. He looked back at Jenner, in sheer terror. His breathing became labored; his eyes never left Jenner's equally horror struck expression. His breathing became shallow. Then he stopped. With a final sigh, Cassin's head fell against the cold, dirt wall. His face remains frozen in terror at the creature who took his life as he fell still. Jenner immediately began to sober up, as the conflict had played over in his mind's eye, he kept looking into the large, horrified, and now vacant eyes of Cassin. \"Dear god, what have I done?\" Jenner started to break down, but not before he heard voices off in the distance, closing in. He panicked, looking in the direction of the voices; they weren't far off. He stood, his balance no longer a problem now that adrenaline began to burn the alcohol off in his bloodstream. Resisting the urge to vomit once more, he edged towards Cassin; it almost seemed his eyes still followed him as he grabbed his feet and began dragging him down a corridor, taking great care not to leave behind a blood trail. You fool, what have you done? He asked himself, suppressing whimpers of regret as he heard the thump of Cassin's skull hitting bedrock as he was dragged farther down the hall. It's what you wanted, remember? Something in his mind answered, he made you do it, and all he had to do was accept your terms, but he didn't. It had to be done. \"Oh Cassin, why did you make me do it?\" Jenner hoarsely whispered. He continued to drag his carcass through the darkened halls, stopping at intersections to make sure the way was clear, and continued on. The whole way to his destination, he tried to convince himself it wasn't his fault, not in the slightest. \"He fell on the knife, yeah, yeah that's what happened!\" Jenner croaked as he scanned another intersection. \"I was only defending myself. Yeah, or he was going to attack me and I was defending myself…Yes, yes that is what happened.\" By the time Jenner had reached his destination every theory had ran through his head, and each one made sense. If anyone asked, he could literally pick a story right out of a hat, and make it believable. He hoped that he wouldn't have to answer for any of it though. You won't have to, if you do a good job covering your tracks. Jenner stopped by the small river that sliced through the cavern, in the farthest corner from any prying eyes where no light could reach them. He was panting heavily as he positioned Cassin next to the bank, avoiding the endless stare Cassin had on his face, and pushed him in. Cassin disappeared into the dark water with a splash, and all of Jenner's troubles disappeared as Cassin's body was sucked deep into the earth with the river. Jenner started towards his quarters in a brisk walk, avoiding any kind of interaction with anyone, not that there were an abundance of rats out this late at night. He had begun to shake violently as he reached for the door handle to his quarters, calm yourself Jenner, it's over it's behind you, breath. But he didn't relax; he pushed the door open manically and slammed it shut behind him. Leaning against the door in the pitch black of his room, his mind continued to play out the atrocity he had just committed. He buried his head in his hands, and then quickly withdrew them; they were covered in blood! He was so sure he hadn't got any on him; he was careful, thorough, and meticulous! And yet there it was, spilled over his hands, the sticky crimson life essence that every being needed to survive. He began to panic as he ran to a sink in his personal bathroom. The water ran searing hot as he began to furiously scrub his hands, barely a blur in the darkened room. But he could still see; his hands were still red, so he scrubbed harder, more soap, more water. But the blood just couldn't come off. He felt like screaming as horror crept into his mind. He looked down at his tools of destruction; seemingly dripping with blood. To his horror he looked beyond his hands and saw that even his clothes were covered in blood! He frantically tore his robes off, flinging the cape with it against the wall; it landed with a heavy thump somewhere out of sight. He focused back on his hands, scrubbing them until they were raw. It was impossible for him to remain in front of the mirror in front of the sink, every second he wasn't washing his hands, he looked himself in the eye; those quick glances at himself showed such a tortured glimpse into his soul, he ran from them. Not bothering to even turn off the water. He remained on his bed, slowly rocking back-and-forth for what seemed like hours. Time showed no concept as he sat in perpetual darkness, going over and over the act he couldn't just push aside. More disturbingly, something began to dawn on Jenner as he sat in the dark. Did I enjoy that? He glanced at his hands once more, no longer soaked in blood. Did they shake out of fear, or pleasure? He wasn't entirely sure yet. But how could he be sure? How can one be sure they enjoy something so morbid, so dark and twisted; only humans had ever stooped to this level. We are above them. Or are we? She had fallen asleep with a soft smile on her flawless features, only thing on her mind as she slept and dreamed was the new individual she had saved the night before. She was mildly annoyed when she felt the warm sun beam into the solitary window, and directly into her eyes. She reluctantly stirred awake, the blanket falling from her shoulders and falling onto her waist as she sat up, yawned and stretched. She felt euphoric as she tried to recollect why she was sleeping on the floor, surely whatever her imagination had come up with wasn't real; she could never do any of that. But then she saw the figure sleeping in her bed. She gasped, and for a moment felt a hint of danger as her mind slowly processed everything that had transpired the night before; it wasn't a dream! She remained there on the floor for a minute, still stunned she had done such a thing as bring a stranger into her home, and gave them her bed on top of that! For the briefest of moments she felt like running for her life, how could she do such a thing? She didn't know a thing about this mouse; other than he had saved her, and then quickly sprinted off. The rational thinking of her mind began to win over the natural urge to run from danger, as all mice should; if he really wanted to hurt her, he would have done it already. Wouldn't he? She cautiously stood, holding onto the blanket as if it would protect her, and made her way to the bedside. The sun shining through the window cast just enough light to illuminate the small abode, revealing this male mouse far better than from the night before. He still seemed to be sleeping peacefully, the air made a quiet whistle as it passed in even intervals out of his slightly open mouth. She stifled a giggle as his lip twitched, followed by his ear. She had to admit, he was kind of cute when he was sleeping, in a rough and tumble kind of way. She didn't dwell on the thought long. The priority she had at the moment was making sure he was okay, and then getting him out of here as fast as possible. But she supposed he could sleep, just a little while longer. She stifled another yawn and stood from the bed, the storm had caused some pretty significant damage to the integrity of her little abode that needed to be addressed, and most importantly breakfast needed to be made, for two. She set out on her mission, with an extra bounce to her step; how fun could it be to have someone for breakfast? The day burned on, she had fixed some leaky holes in the small summer home, and had made breakfast. She was less than excited when she returned after foraging for so long to gather enough for two, to find the male hadn't woken up yet. She shrugged it off and had breakfast alone, glancing every once in a while in his direction, seeing if maybe, the smell of food cooking would coax him out of his coma. When it failed to do so, she continued with the rest of her day of chores, stopping once in a while to check on him. She had gotten so used to him being there already, she kind of enjoyed having someone around, even if they weren't conscious. She was a bit of a loner, not that she chose it. The place she had grown up in was less than populated, visitors were few and far between, and even as she left home the field was still lacking any sort of population of her species. Mice were sadly caught by Dragon, more than any other animal, proving how efficient a killing machine Dragon actually was. Weirdly as of late, Dragon seemed to be sleeping a lot more and hunting a bit less. Though she wasn't complaining the circumstance, it was still out of the ordinary. The sun was high in the sky when she had finally finished touching up her home. She had hung the male's cloth vest out to dry. She had studied the sopping wet garment as it slowly began to dry in the late summer sun; she had seen others wear such garments before, usually as something of a fashion choice fastened together by scraps from Mrs. Fitzgibbons clothes that had come loose from her clothesline, but this one wasn't stitched together by several different fabrics. This one was one whole piece of blue cotton, expertly fastened together by strong thread with two pockets near the bottom of the vest, probably a place to put your paws. But why would you want to do that? She also noticed it was quite dirty and worn; it seemed to have been used extensively in whatever adventures this mouse had been on, edges near the coat tail were starting to fray and tatter, there were even places where it looked like someone had tried to repair the worst tears. But even the patch jobs looked professional and mechanically precise, the complete opposite of some of the homely garments she had seen other creatures wear. She started wondering more about this fellow; he was so…different. She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but there some things about him she wanted to know, like how he could read, where he got such a high quality vest, and so many other things. Her mind began to hunger for information, so she quietly opened the door to her home and stepped inside. The mouse was still asleep, he hadn't moved at all since she had placed him there in her bed, besides his patterned breathing. She quietly sat down on one of the two chairs surrounding a small wooden table, and proceeded to think out some questions she could ask him when he finally woke up. Where are you from, exactly? What's your name? How exactly did you learn to read? She stopped a moment on that question. Read, how hard can it be to read? She tapped her bottom lip as she pondered it. Could you teach me how to read? The more she seemed to think about it, the more incredibly helpful it seemed to be able to read the human writing. She could learn what poison was and what a box of food was, or, or… Really, that was the only reason she could think of, any other application for reading seemed trivial at best, or a novelty. But still, her heart raced at the prospect of learning such a thing, provided he would teach her, and he wasn't full of it. She crossed her fingers for the first. She settled into her chair, and placed a wondering eye on her guest, waiting patiently as one could who wanted to know more. She even contemplated waking him at one point, but she was incredibly wary of what he really was like. After all, she had only said, at most, six words to him, and knew nothing about his personality; if he was violent or passive, friendly or mean. With so many unknowns holding her hand and voice back, she decided it was probably best to just wait and see, and hope for the best. She hated to wait though. The sun continued to dip lower as she sat in her chair, still clinging to hopeful optimism. She didn't appear, however, optimistic as she idly scratched at the table surface with one claw, her head being propped up by the other as she stared blankly at the table. She yawned and tried to blink away the fatigue of sitting for so long with little to do, except watch her new friend sleep. Her eyelids slide down, and she was lost to sleep for a moment, until her head slid off her propped hand and the jarring fall startled her awake. She sighed as she looked over at Mr. Sleepy-head, as she now dubbed him until she would finally learn his real name. There was a small revelation as she saw his eyelids flutter, and his brow furrowed. Her heart jumped into her throat as she jumped awake, was she really ready to see him wake up? She hastily stood from her chair, nearly knocking it over in the process, and cupped her hands together. She could barely contain the excitement in her smile as she saw through the slits in his eyelids the brown hue of his eyes glancing around. She was now terrified, but excited, beyond all belief as he slowly blinked, then groaned. It took all the strength she could muster to speak, to engage in conversation and finally ask all the questions that had been eating away at her sub-conscious. \"Uh, h-hello.\" Oh, wow. Jonathan felt as though his head was being squeezed together in a vice. He felt so groggy, like he had been sleeping for a very long time, but the headache dominated all other feelings he had felt at the moment. He forced his eyes to open; it seemed to take all the energy he had, just to take in his surroundings, and all he could see through the haze was nothing but grey. He tried to remember what had happened; the memories started to come back to him in small fuzzy fragments. I was gathering extension cords, Fitzgibbons was plowing, and then he saw the rats… Jonathan groaned as he remembered Fitzgibbons had camped out on his porch, waiting for the search party to come out of the rosebush and he was stuck in the attic, with no way down without being spotted by the Farmer or Dragon. What else happened? He prodded his aching memory for any clue; there was the storm drain, then he remembered being swept away down the drainpipe, but everything after that was nothing but a blank slate. He took a deep breath in. Then held it in for a moment; where am I? He became increasingly aware the air had a different aroma than what he was used to in the rosebush; it seemed to smell of fresh cut hay, with a hint of freshly moved soil, and something else, like a flower. It was almost sickly sweet, but not overbearing. His heart slowly began to race as he blinked several times, his surroundings starting to reveal itself. He glanced around, to the right the sun beamed through a small window on the far wall; the ceiling looked to be of packed clay. On the left was a small assortment of cloth, some rudimentary looking furniture, and not much else. Looking down he saw through his restricted movement he was covered in a soft thick blanket, and laying on what could only be described as a pile of soft cotton. And there, back to the right, something he hadn't noticed; a soft brown figure was hunched over him, looking at him with brilliantly blue eyes and a soft smile upon a small, slightly upturned nose. He recognized her immediately. \"Uh, h-hello.\" She said meekly, her voice barely audible over a whisper. Then Jonathan eyes grew wide in horror as he remembered the contorted look of her face when she caught his sent. Then he remembered Auntie Shrew's reaction. Jonathan shot upright, and screamed. The female mouse jumped back in equal surprise and horror at his instantaneous action, and screamed as well. \"Where am I?!\" Jonathan frantically shouted. \"What have you done to me?!\" He raised a shaky hand to his head, and felt a rough bandage around his skull. Was she performing some barbaric brain operation to see why I'm different? \"P-please calm down!\" She pleaded, warily with hands outstretched. \"I was trying to—\" \"Don't come near me!\" He cried, sliding off the side of the makeshift mattress in an attempt to get away from her, falling on his back with a thump, frantically scooting himself across the dirt floor knocking random knick-knacks onto the floor as she followed after him, from a safe distance. She looked equal amounts terrified and puzzled as Jonathan tried in vain to crawl away, only to be stopped by the dirt wall of his prison cell. \"Please stop.\" She pleaded. \"I am only trying to help you!\" she slowly advanced towards him. \"Please, stay away…\" Jonathan backed away, only to bump the wall, the back of his head connected with a thud! And Jonathan groaned in pain, stars began to fill the corners of his eyesight as the world began to spin. \"Ugh…\" he groaned once more in defeat, and fell silent. \"Now you've gone and done it.\" She scolded, huffing in annoyance. \"You've managed to hit your head again and cause a mess.\" Jonathan saw her shake her head in dissatisfaction and frown. \"Here, just let me change you're…\" \"No, please.\" Jonathan groggily pleaded once more. Folding his arms over his head and shielding his eyes from what he thought was going to inevitably happen. \"Don't hurt me.\" She looked at him with complete disbelief; a mouse his size, is afraid I'm going to hurt him? She was stunned, here this whole time she was terrified he might over-power her, but it was the other way around. He was terrified of her. \"Why, why would I hurt you?\" She quietly asked, stitching her brow in obvious worry, edging toward the hulking, quivering figure pathetically whimpering in the corner. \"Please.\" He mumbled. \"Just don't.\" Jonathan couldn't think of anything else, but the experience he had with the shrew; her bared teeth and savage hostility, like a wild animal hurt and cornered. He couldn't stand to have his memory of her tainted by the sight of her attacking him, feral, just because he was different. He couldn't defend himself, he was wounded, unarmed and in an unfamiliar place, and he didn't want to fight, he just wanted to go home. He flinched as he felt two small, soft paws gently touch his forearms. He didn't resist as she gently parted his arms away from his face. He hesitantly looked up at her, sparkling blue eyes met his, and she smiled softly. \"I took you to my house; I bandaged your head, and let you have my bed. I don't believe I would go through all that trouble just to beat you up.\" She said in a jokingly condescending tone. He looked at her, dumbfounded. He didn't even think of that, his mouth hanged open like a fools. She didn't seem to notice; she only blinked those wonderful eyes, and kept smiling. \"Come on; let me fix your bandage.\" Jonathan couldn't even reply, he only looked into her eyes, and he found himself lost within them. They were soft, innocent, a portal into her friendly soul; he found warmth well from his stomach and fill his body, she was different. He realized he was staring into her eyes, and immediately felt embarrassed. He could only nod and avert his gaze. She offered him a hand up, but he declined it, and instead placed his hands at his sides and cautiously began to push himself off the floor. She took a nervous step back as the mouse carefully stood, giving his large frame room to stand; she knew he was rather big and tall as she dragged him through the mud last night, but now that she was now seeing him stand on his own, albeit wobbly foundation, she finally realized just how big he was. It wasn't fat, or rather lack thereof; he was on the scrawny side, but broad shouldered, and he easily stood maybe a little less than a half a head taller than she. That was tall for a mouse. He stood for a moment before proving he wasn't strong enough to hold himself up, and stumbled onto the bed. \"When was the last time you ate anything?\" She asked with concern. \"I-I can't remember.\" He weakly said. \"Here, come into the light and I'll fix your bandage first and then I'll fix something for you.\" He nodded once more, leaning into the fading light from the window towards her, his gaze still low. Her hands removed the bandage with adept precision; he managed to spot deep red splotches on the once white strips as they unraveled from behind his head. He cursed under his breath; he had acted foolishly, too blinded by fear to think logically. If she wanted to hurt him she wouldn't have dragged his sorry carcass back to her home. He felt so stupid right now. \"Well, it's started bleeding again.\" She said flatly, stepping a little closer to examine the wound on the back of his head. He felt his face go red as she stepped closer to him; the smell of freshly cut hay wafted to his nose. He barely felt the light touch of the fresh bandage going around his head as it went around his cranium. He was simply in a trance when she had finally spoken up again. \"There, good as new.\" Jonathan didn't react for a few moments, only finally coming back to reality once he realized she had moved away from him, and was rummaging around the rudimentary kitchen space. Fresh air flushed the intoxicating aroma out of his mind, snapping him back to reality with a crash. \"Oh, t-th-thank you.\" He muttered, gingerly examining his bandaged head with his own touch. He winced when his fingers brushed the soft spot on the back of his head. She had returned, in her hands was a single sunflower seed. \"I- I hope a sunflower seed will help a little bit.\" She held it out for him to take, to which he graciously took it. \"Thank you.\" He said once more. He looked down at the black with white swirls of the hard shelled morsel, and carefully cracked its casing with his teeth, it relent its prize with a loud crack and Jonathan started taking small bites of the hardy seed. It was bland with a little nutty aftertaste, but as far as Jonathan was concerned, it was the best thing he had ever tasted. He continued to nibble on his snack in silence, as the other member of the household sat in equal silence, watching him with an idle gaze. Jonathan didn't mind, he was elated that someone of the normal populace was even helping him in the first place, and it was Angel too. She began to open her mouth and say something, but hesitated; Jonathan noticed and cautiously met her gaze, seeing in her eyes obvious frustration. She tried again, noticing he was looking her way. \"I um, never got the chance to properly thank you for saving me from eating that poison.\" She said, nervously wringing her hands together. \"If you didn't happen to be in the area, I don't believe I would be…\" she bit her lip, stopping herself from going any farther in that particular direction with the conversation. \"Well, thank you anyway.\" Jonathan swallowed some seed. \"I should be thanking you instead, you saved my life.\" \"Let's call us even then.\" She quietly laughed, and Jonathan chimed in. Their laughter died down, and was replaced by silence; Jonathan continued to nibble on the sunflower seed, savoring every bite as long as possible as she continued to glance around nervously. She stopped herself from speaking once more, and Jonathan stopped to look her way again. \"This, this might seem strange…\" She stopped herself, was she going to ask permission to learn how to read? The thought the more she dwelled on it seemed absurd, a mouse doesn't need to learn how to read human writing, if it was a necessity then it was apparent the mouse would be short lived staying so close to humans as to need the ability to read their language. But she was curious and hungry for information, and if she wanted to be honest with herself, she found it out of the ordinary for a mouse to know how to read, she found him interesting. There was a lot more to him than what he let on, and she wanted to know more about him. She swallowed her building anxiety, and looked back at the brown-eyed being sitting with a sunflower seed in his mouth. \"Y-you said you knew how to read right?\" Jonathan nervously swallowed; he had a feeling this subject would come up again. He nodded his response. \"Would you be willing, if you wanted to…to...\" She chuckled nervously. \"Oh, why is this so hard to ask?\" She almost tried and failed to say under her breath. Jonathan's eyebrows slowly climbed in curiosity as she kept getting more and more nervous. \"Would it be possible, to…?\" She tried again, massaging the back of her neck, turning her gaze away, much to the dismay of Jonathan; I could stare into those eyes forever. She finally sighed out of defeat. \"Would it be possible for me to learn how to read?\" Jonathan, for the second time in minutes, was struck silent. All he could do was stare back, mouth open, but unable to form words. \"You, want to learn?\" He said dumbly. \"It was a stupid idea, I shouldn't have asked.\" She quickly responded; a flash of defeat crossed her expression. \"No, no it's not stupid.\" Jonathan defended her decision. \"It's just, no one has ever asked me how to, well, read before.\" It was true, nobody had—of the normal populace—to ask of such a thing. He had remembered teaching Eric years ago how to read a little bit, but he didn't continue to teach after Cartmen decided to leave guard duty to be with his family. He couldn't blame Cartmen for his decision, for once the guards were getting an overabundance of volunteers, and that gave some members some very much needed down time. But now before him she had asked him to teach her. He almost pinched himself, still believing he was unconscious; it was almost too good to be true. She saw a spark ignite in his eyes at her words, for a brief moment she felt a little overwhelmed as she saw a grin quickly spread across his face. She felt a wave of happiness as she saw him light up, he literally started to glow, but now she started to think that maybe, she may have just bitten off a little more than she could chew. \"I'm going to give you a warning; it won't come easy to you right off.\" He said, shrugging lightly as if to confirm her fears. She simply shrugged back with a smirk. \"How hard can it be?\" Jonathan had no idea how hard it could be, it seemed to come fairly naturally to the youths of the rosebush; but this wasn't the rosebush, and she wasn't a youth. She was a normal field mouse, and a full- grown adult. His mind dismissed all the unknowns, in all honesty he felt giddy as he asked her for a pencil and paper. What he didn't expect was the blank stare she gave him at his request. He almost smacked his head; she has no idea what a pencil is. \"What about a piece of charcoal?\" her expression lit up, as she went to the little fireplace and withdrew a small chunk of burnt wood and a scrap of paper, and handed them to Jonathan. He nearly bounced to his feet as he stood and made his way to her little table, nervously sliding the only other chair next to hers, and lowered himself into his seat. \"Okay, let's start with something simple.\" Jonathan's heart began to flutter as he grasp the wood piece in his left hand pressing it against the parchment, as he finally got to ask the question his mind wanted to ask since he laid eyes on her; \"What's your name?\" His heart raced as she took a breath in; this is it. \"Elizabeth.\" She said. Jonathan felt his heart flutter and race, threatening to pound out of his chest; he was mildly disappointed it wasn't Angel, but looking into her eyes now, he realized Elizabeth fit her much better. He couldn't resist smiling as the butterflies in his stomach flew about, then his mouth formed words without any input from his brain. \"That's a pretty name, Elizabeth.\" She smiled and looked down at the floor; he could almost swear he could see her blush under her soft tan furred cheeks as she idly ran a hand through her fur on her head. \"Thank you.\" She whispered quietly. \"I'm Jonathan, by the way.\" He said again without input from his brain, without thinking he held his hand out for a handshake and met her gaze. He almost retracted his hand and cursed himself for not thinking clearly, but was surprised once more, when he felt a soft hand squeeze his hand in return with her gaze. She is just full of surprises. Jonathan shook himself from his trance, and remembered what he was doing; he gripped the piece of burnt wood in his hand, and started to write out her name. He stopped after scribbling out the \"E\", and tapped his chin, thinking of the proper way to spell Elizabeth. He mouthed the letters as his hand furiously scribbled out the symbols on the parchment. He finished her name, and put the improvised pencil down, and showed her the paper. She looked at it with a look of confusion and wonderment. \"What is that?\" she asked, pointing at the word. \"That's your name.\" Jonathan said matter-of-fact. Her eyes grew wide as she ran her fingers over the indented words, touching them to see if they were real or an illusion; she mouthed \"Wow\", and smiled widely. \"What's the first symbol on the right there?\" She asked pointing at 'H'. Jonathan felt his smile lessen, but he remained hopeful as he pointed to the left side of 'Elizabeth' and said; \"You start on the left, and go to the right when you read. The first letter is 'E', the one you were just pointing at was 'H'.\" \"And what are those?\" she asked quizzically. For just a second, Jonathan felt like, maybe, he had bit off a little more than he could chew. But he dismissed the thought as he saw the look in her eyes; she was hungry to learn more, and he was happy to just have finally learned her name, and be with her. \"Alright then.\" Jonathan sighed, remaining hopeful. \"Let's start from the beginning.\" Writer's Note: For the observant reader, you may have noticed I changed one of the catagories for this story from Adventure/Drama, to Adventure/Romance...Yep, it's going to be romance from here on out. I also want to say I'm not going to rush they're relationship, so the rest of the story is going to slow down a bit, and that is NOT going to change. we finally learn what her name is! For those of you who are curious for the name choice, it was based on the voice actor Elizabeth Hartmenn, who played Mrs. Brisby in the movie. I know the name is used in several other stories on this list, and that might seem unoriginal, but truth be told; its really the only one I can see her having, it fits her and simply put; I just love that name. I'm going to take a break from writing, just so I can regroup my thoughts and really put some thought into later chapters, they won't be the best if my creativity vehicle is running on fumes so to speak, because thats what its running on right now after this chapter. Again, thanks for checking my story out, and stick around. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: An Arduous Journey. The sun burned into darkness, and little had been done in the ways of learning. Jonathan and Elizabeth started at the very beginning with the alphabet. Jonathan used every ounce of willpower he had not to pull his hair out of his head; through the whole process of explaining the alphabet, letter followed by its sound, she struggled to keep up. Eventually her patience had worn thin, and they threw in the towel on the letter 'T'. \"How many more letters are there in this, 'Alpha-beta', thing, my head hurts just from what we've covered!\" Elizabeth moaned; agitation clearly evident as she massaged her temples. \"It's the 'alphabet', there are 26 human letters, and we only have six more to go.\" Jonathan clarified, rubbing his eyes with a free hand. \"What the heck is a six?\" Jonathan sighed in defeat. \"Hold up your hands.\" He told her. Elizabeth looked puzzled as she complied, holding her hands weakly in the air. Jonathan grimaced; she had her hands turned to the side facing each other. Oh boy. \"No, hold your hand like this.\" Jonathan groaned. Without thinking Jonathan took his hand, and put it next to hers. He felt his face go red once again, as they're palms met, and he felt her small, soft, and warm hand against his. He glanced at her, and her expression was the same as his; surprised embarrassment. He nervously cleared his throat and dropped his hand as possibly fast as he could make it. \"Um, d-do you s-see h-how many f-fingers you have?\" She blinked several times before she reacted. \"Oh, oh!\" she exclaimed, glancing at her still outstretched hand, trying her best to change the awkwardness that hung in the air, and the red from her face. \"Well, um…I don't know.\" She truthfully answered, looking back towards Jonathan. He raised his pointer finger, and lightly tapped the end of her pointer finger, and whispered. \"One.\" \"One?\" She asked quizzically once more. \"That's how many fingers I just touched, get it? It's a number. \" He emphasized once more, lightly tapping her finger. \"That's how many fingers I just tapped, just one.\" He watched her expression; her eyes were fixated on her hand, trying to make sense of what he was explaining. \"I just tapped one finger right?\" He asked. \"Right.\" She nodded slowly, still glaring at her digits. \"Now, watch this.\" Jonathan raised his finger once more, tapped her pointer, \"One.\" He said again, then the middle finger. \"Two.\" He mouthed. The ring finger was next. \"Three.\" The pinky followed soon after. \"Four.\" And finally he came back to the thumb. \"Five.\" \"Okay.\" Elizabeth slowly muttered. Her face locked in concentration. \"So, you tapped each one once, so that makes it…\" she cupped her chin, her brow furrowed. Jonathan held his breath, hoping what he had just barely said to her stuck. \"Five ones?\" Jonathan shrugged. \"Close enough.\" He said hopefully. She relaxed at his praise, and gazed at her hand quizzically, spinning it and examining it with a small grin. Then her expression got serious, and her hand stopped moving. \"Wait a minute.\" She said dryly. \"That's only five ones, what comes after five?\" Jonathan felt his eyebrows shoot up; he had forgotten they were trying to reach their goal of counting to six. \"Oh, well six comes next.\" He held up both of his hands, instead of holding hers to save themselves the embarrassment again, one hand had all the digits extended, the other only the pointer jutted over the rest. \"That's what six looks like.\" She studied his hands, and mimicked them. The smile returned once more, as did the wonderment in her eyes. Jonathan felt a smile cross his lips as well; she caught on exceptionally quick for an average mouse, even when there were some instances where it wasn't quite sticking. But really those instances all he had to do was explain it to her a couple of times, and she understood it. Jonathan began to wonder maybe, it was his teaching skill that was her hindrance as he watched her begin to slowly count on both hands, repeating under her breath one, two, three, four, five, then switching to the other hand and starting over, grinning and eyes glowing as she got better at it. Maybe it is me, could it be possible the normal populace were capable of looking over their prejudices and learning from the rats of NIMH? I have to tell someone at the rosebush… The Rosebush! Jonathan realized none too soon, that he was still considered missing by the rosebush colony! \"Hey, are you alright? You look like you just saw a really big spider.\" Elizabeth mentioned, noticing Jonathan's expression, and skin tone, become markedly paler. Jonathan snapped back from his thoughts at the sound of her heavenly voice, and felt a slight pang of sadness and regret, as he looked at her in the flickering candlelight. \"I-I-I've just realized, I have some…friends, looking for me right now.\" He said nervously, using the term 'friends' loosely. She looked at him quizzically for a moment before gasping in surprise. \"Oh no, I've kept you here this whole time! Your friends must be worried sick, I am so sorry…\" \"No, don't be sorry.\" Jonathan interjected, seeing Elizabeth begin to shrink away. \"I'm enjoying myself immensely, but I should let them know I'm alive.\" She seemed to understand by nodding slowly, but Jonathan could still see sadness in her gaze as it fell to her feet. He hated that look already, despite only seeing it once; he never wanted to see it pass her features over ever again. It formed a pit in his stomach that he could dash this wonderful moment so quickly; he never wanted it to end. \"You wouldn't have happened to see where my vest went do you?\" He asked, sounding a little too cold for his own liking, he cursed to himself. She hadn't seemed to notice, and pointed towards the exit. \"It's outside drying on the clothesline. But I don't believe it's dry yet.\" \"That's okay, I'm just glad I didn't lose it is all.\" He chuckled, watching her stand from her chair and walk towards the door. Jonathan stood to follow after her, but got up too fast as his massive frame bumped the small table, jarring everything on its surface. \"Careful, there's a table there.\" She said dryly. Jonathan chuckled, carefully stepping away from the table for a second try, he was much more successful. \"Funny, I remember it being marginally bigger when I was sitting.\" Jonathan fired back. Elizabeth shook her head and smirked. Jonathan cautiously made his way through the incredibly small home to the door, where Elizabeth stood. Jonathan stopped a moment in front of the open door, glancing outside and seeing the fading sun casting a purple hue on the jagged horizon. Right where Elizabeth said, Jonathan's blue vest hung from a single clothesline, swaying in the gentle breeze. But then, he looked down at the other figure standing in the doorway with him. Her sullen gaze stared out into the coming darkness, her arms crossed over her chest and her hands cupping her elbows, and for just a moment, Jonathan realized how beautiful she was… No, stop. Something told him, a little voice inside his head stopped his thought dead in its tracks. Don't get attached after just one day together. Jonathan sighed, and begrudgingly agreed with his mind. She probably didn't share the same connection he felt with her, after all; she saved him and he was teaching her the human language, that's where the connection ended. It wouldn't go any farther than that. And Jonathan was still, as much as he hated to admit it, still wounded from losing Grace. Before more damage was done, Jonathan edged out the doorway, and reached the vest. Elizabeth was right, it was still damp. He heard a timid voice echo from the doorway. \"W-w-would you be coming back anytime soon, to teach me more I mean.\" Jonathan paused, and pondered the words carefully; the hesitation on the first word, the quick addition of more tutoring after asking if he would return, plus the way the end of her speech seemed to fuse into one rushed word, made Jonathan's head spin. What is she really saying? He slowly spun around and caught her gaze; she immediately dropped her gaze and shifted nervously on her feet. \"You-you want me to come back, and teach you more?\" Jonathan asked, mildly apprehensive. \"O-only if y-you want to, of course! I mean, I'm not any good at reading or the alphabet but I think I could get better…\" She trailed off on her conversation, all the while shifting about nervously and stammering. Finally, after exhausting all possible things to study, her eyes fell once again on Jonathan, who seemed to be patiently waiting for her to calm. The soft smile on his face almost seemed to say; I understand what you mean. This came as a relief to her, as she finally stopped rambling and sighed in defeat. \"I would be delighted, Elizabeth.\" He finally said after what seemed like an eternity to her. \"G-great, I will see you again, then.\" She said, hoping the red on her face wasn't visible to him. The smile never left his face, as he absently slid the vest on, it slapped his back with a wet slap. Immediately his smile was gone, and instead replaced with mild discomfort of a cold, damp vest draping his shoulders. Elizabeth quickly muffled the laughter filling the air with a hand over her mouth, but it was too late; Jonathan looked at her and shrugged, shaking off the embarrassment with a low groan. She smiled under her hand, and shook her head in sympathy. \"See you later, Elizabeth.\" Jonathan waved, turned and headed into the darkness. \"Bye, Jonathan.\" She waved after him. She watched him disappear into the night, even then she lingered a moment more in the doorway, the sounds of nightfall beginning their chorus of chirping frogs and crickets in the humid late-summer air. Jonathan loped through the dark, his path illuminated by the clear night sky and his acute vision, His thoughts racing faster than he was moving. What does this all mean? He kept asking himself as he glided through the night. Emotions he were sure were long dead and gone began to have life breathed back into them. No, no, no, no… Rationality began to take hold of the runaway train that was his thoughts. What was he thinking? This regular field mouse has no sort of connection with you; you're an experiment that slipped its cages, you are just a curiosity to her. He hated his cynical mind, but this time he had to admit it was right. He may have seen her once in the cat tail pool and was struck dumb by her beauty sure, but that was it. She was willing to learn, and she was an excellent pupil, and Mr. Ages or Nicodemus would be interested to see how the lessons are working. Maybe, sometime in the distant future after adjusting to life in Thorn Valley, it could be possible to reach out to the natural inhabitants and offer assistance in making life easier, and seem less ostracized by their differences. Imagine that, the rats of NIMH making life easier for the less fortunate. Jonathan scoffed. His thoughts now fixated with the task at hand, he pushed the feelings away, deep into a dark corner of his mind, and threw away the key. It was better this way. He still however, couldn't convince the skip in his step to go away. And the hop in his step stuck with him, as he reached the rosebush entrance. Brutus was, unsurprisingly, guarding the gate, however at this moment he was fast asleep standing up, his massive custom made axe propping his massive frame up, perilously. Jonathan crept up to the door, an incredible rumble emanated from the sleeping giant, a small glob of drool hung from an exposed lip. Jonathan edged around Brutus as quietly as possible, the door thankfully silent on its hinges, and he disappeared behind it. Not before he gave just enough of a nudge on the massive weapon for it to slide, and become unbalanced. Jonathan quickly shut the door as he heard from the other side the sound of metal scraping on stone, the sound of snoring abruptly stop, and a dull whump followed by angry grunts and more metal scraping against stone. Jonathan ran from the door, laughing hysterically. I'm home everyone. The main chamber was surprisingly devoid of any life, a couple guards milled about in their rounds, warehouse lights were put out, but most notably, he smelled the familiar scent the rosebush possessed; stale, damp and dusty air flooded his nostrils. It was an unpleasant stench compared to where he had just come from. He sighed heavily, scratching an itch behind his ear, only to be stopped by the bandage. Funny, he completely forgot about it. He decided to go to back to his quarters and take it off and get some much needed sleep, and to a much lesser extent clear his head. \"Jonathan, is that you?!\" Oh no. Bridget ran toward him, arms outstretched. Jonathan unconsciously cringed as she bore down on him, and wrapped him in a bear hug. \"Where on earth have you been, the whole colony has been worried sick!?\" She began to choke back tears as she spun him around in the air, much to Jonathan's chagrin. \"You're making me sick Bridget, please put me down!\" He muffled through the fur on her arms. \"Sorry, I'm just glad you're safe!\" She said, lowering the squirming mouse softly on the ground. \"I wanted to kill the search party for leaving you up in the farmer's attic!\" \"It's not their fault Bridget; I got stuck up there on my own.\" He mumbled, massaging the spot on his head where Bridget made the mistake of squeezing with her arm. She immediately took note of the bandage on his head, and the odd scent that followed him. \"Where have you been Jon? Where did that bandage come from?\" She asked in rapid succession, curiosity stitching her eyebrows together. \"I…Tried a really stupid idea, and I hit my head.\" She tapped her foot expectantly, unconvinced this was the whole story; Jonathan sighed in defeat, and decided to tell all. \"I…was saved by someone.\" Bridget lessened her scowl, and her eyebrows shot up. \"Really, who was it?\" Jonathan bit his lip nervously, and stared at the ground. \"Another mouse.\" He whispered. Bridget gasped in surprise, a commoner, helping someone from NIMH? \"That's incredible!\" She exclaimed. \"This normal mouse actually took care of you? Please, tell all!\" \"I don't really want to…\" Jonathan moaned. \"Oh, come on! Nobodies had any contact with the normal populace, this is a great breakthrough!\" Bridget pleaded. Jonathan grumbled as Bridget started to bounce in anticipation for the story. \"Alright; it's all a little fuzzy, but the mouse who pulled me out of a river said she found me—\" \"Wait, a girl mouse saved you?\" Bridget interrupted. Jonathan nodded. \"Oh, my goodness Jonathan.\" She whispered. \"You lucky little mouse….\" \"What?\" \"The mouse is a girl .\" \"So?\" \"She must like you to save your life and bandage you up.\" \"The only reason she saved me was because I had saved her earlier in the week!\" Jonathan complained loudly. \"She doesn't like me in the slightest, she was returning the favor!\" \"No?\" Bridget drawled; a mischievous grin began to grow on her lips. \"What's her name?\" Jonathan fell silent, and his eyes grew distant as he recollected. \"Elizabeth.\" He breathed. \"She sounds pretty.\" Bridget smiled. \"Nothing will come of it.\" Jonathan stated flatly. \"Not with an attitude like that mister.\" She quipped. \"Bridget please!\" Jonathan groaned, massaging his wounded head. \"I've had a really rough day trying to teach her how to read, I really don't need this right—\" \"You are even teaching her how to read?! How is she doing?\" \"About as good as a common field mouse can do, I'm starting with square one; the alphabet.\" Jonathan shrugged when Bridget gave him a disheartened look. \"She's catching on quickly, so maybe there is a possible chance someone outside of our kind can learn the English language.\" Jonathan stopped in thought for a moment; he had described the colony in as 'our kind', he never stopped to consider the rats of NIMH their own 'kind'. It sounded odd putting them in that perspective. \"That is wonderful Jon; I wouldn't doubt Mr. Ages or Nicodemus would ignore this development. You should mention it to them; they would love to hear it.\" Bridget said positively. \"I was going to tomorrow, if that's fine with you.\" Jonathan said flatly. \"I don't want to wake any of them this late at night, you must understand.\" Bridget went blank a few moments before realization flashed in her expression. \"Oh, I forgot how late it is!\" She laughed. \"Yeah it would probably be better for everyone if you waited until tomorrow.\" \"Good to hear.\" Jonathan said. He began to yawn loudly and stretch. \"Well, you can call off the search; I'm home safe and sound.\" \"That's good Jon; we were worried about you out there.\" Bridget said quietly. \"I'll let you go then.\" She bid her farewells with one final hug, and she started back on her rounds. \"Oh, by the way; you haven't seen Cassin anywhere have you?\" \"No I haven't, why has he gone missing too?\" Jonathan asked. \"Nah, he has a tendency to come and go, it's just been a couple hours since anyone seen him. It's not a big concern, he'll turn up.\" She waved good-bye, and stepped around the corner out of view. Jonathan waved as well, thinking absently about Cassin. Though he didn't know him personally, he did know he was a council member who spoke openly for Jenner's argument to stay in the rosebush, but lately his devotion to his cause began to falter and swing in favor for the Plan. Jonathan began to wonder if he had seen Cassin anywhere on his way in, but turned up blank. It probably didn't help he was exhausted, and decided the sooner he went to bed the better. He dragged his feet up the incline to his room, reached the door, and shouldered it open. The familiar scent of his room wafted to his nostrils, it almost seemed pungent compared to the soft and subtle smell of Elizabeth's home. With a heavy sigh he stood before his dresser, peeling off the still damp, and cold, vest and draping it over its wooden surface. He looked into the dirty mirror, and began to pick at the bandage on his head, looking for the loose end that was tucked away. His mind raced with the conversation with Bridget, a particular thing he had said stuck out as he gingerly peeled back the layered bandage. Nothing will come of it. He sighed again; can anything ever come of it? Is it possible to lie to rest the ghosts of his past? Can it be completely possible to overlook his 'unusual' characteristics, and live with a normal field mouse? A sticky strip of bandage yanked on individual strands of hair at his scalp. He winced, and was pulled from his thoughts. It almost seemed to be a sign he was thinking too far ahead, and not realistically enough; he had to stop tugging on the bandage and quote himself from a few minutes before. Nothing will come of it. With lightning speed he tugged the bandage free of his hair, the pain from pulling hair faded faster than pulling the bandage slower, but still left behind a low ache. After ruffling his fur, and getting full mobility out of his ears after being restricted for so long, he massaged the bruise still evident on the back of his skull. It was still tender, and a scab formed over the cut. He shook his head, he had himself to blame for it being open again, waking from his coma and literally jumping out of bed. Though he couldn't deny it was mostly reflex and instinct, he still felt stupid for bull-dozing through her home. And she still bandaged you up, you clumsy oaf. \"Thanks Elizabeth.\" He said to no one in particular, at least, to the one in particular that wasn't in earshot. Oh, Elizabeth, what am I going to do about you? He looked at himself in the mirror, trying his best to stare deep into his own eyes to see into his mind, to try and make some sense of the storm that raged in his thoughts. On one hand, he had finally met her—despite how many times he dismissed it ever happening—and couldn't be any more happy she had appeared to accept him, on top of that she had asked him to learn a little of his own world. However, on the other front, he couldn't dare feel anything more than being her teacher; he couldn't allow it to go any farther than that. If their relationship, if it could be called that, did go further, the farthest it could possibly go would be friendship. That was a far as he would allow himself to let it go. Jonathan blinked, and took a deep breath. \"All right Jon.\" He told himself in the mirror. \"She saved your life, you are obligated to repay her, and if she wants to learn how to read then so be it. You are her teacher, nothing more.\" He smirked at himself and nodded, satisfied with his thoughts and how complete his mind agreed with him, pushing all the other unknowns away. Writer's Note: So a couple of note-worthy things to mention; My story has officially broke the 100,000 word mark with this chapter (Minus the writer notes.) Got another review (Thanks Guests!) a staggering 547 people have tripped over this thing. I apologize for the incredibly long update time, as I said in the last chapter I was taking a break. In that time I have been working on two other fiction's; one of them is completely original and has no movie tie-in, and has most of my attention. The second, well, lets hint it's a \"Sequel\", and I'm stuck in writer's block in all of my stories at this time. This story has fallen on the back-burner sadly, but I'm not finshed with it yet! expect another update soon! Thanks for hanging in there, and stick around. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: Sickness. The rain started its relentless downpour once again. As tunnels in the verge of flooding were barred shut and colonist hunkered down once again to wait out the storms, Jonathan brought some interesting news to Nicodemus. \"You are doing what exactly?\" Nicodemus asked apprehensively as he paged his way through a book in his library. \"It might sound absolutely far-fetched Nic, but there's this normal field mouse who wants to learn how to read.\" Jonathan said. \"Yes, it does sound very far-fetched, but not impossible. How are the lessons going?\" Nicodemus asked, pulling on a thinly beard as he continued to flip through his book. \"Well, I think it's mostly my fault if she doesn't catch onto something, but only time will tell really.\" Jonathan shrugged, feeling a large drop of rainwater leak through the library roof and onto his shoulder. \"It looks like the ceiling is going to need some reinforcement to stop leaking on the books in here.\" \"Indeed, I'm working on that situation as we speak.\" Nicodemus absently mentioned, waving a hand in loose circles, while the other one continued to stroke his beard. Jonathan didn't even notice the work Nicodemus was doing mere inches from his head; above him cracks were massaged out of the dirt roof, sealed, and in a blast of distorted air, Nicodemus would move to another leaky fissure, all without even moving anything beyond his arms. He still sat in the wooden chair reading his book, stroking his beard, and sealing cracks with powers beyond anyone but Nicodemus' apprehension. Jonathan couldn't resist chuckling as he watched Nicodemus, non-chalantly, use his abilities as if he possessed them all his life. \"Man that is just so cool, I wish I could do that.\" Jonathan whispered. \"It is a double-edged sword Jonathan.\" Nicodemus stated with a sigh, rather seriously, making Jonathan look down from staring at the roof and at Nicodemus. \"But I am not going to go into detail at this moment, go and enjoy yourself. Do let me know how the lessons go Jonathan; I am most curios how she fairs.\" \"I can do that.\" Jonathan said, nodding slightly as he turned and started scanning through the shelf of books nearest him. Let's see, nothing too difficult, but just the right level to challenge… Jonathan grabbed some children level books and a few sheets of blank paper as well. Ah almost forgot, pencils! Seeing a bundle of them lying on a table, he walked to the table and grabbed them, and immediately headed for the door to the library. Jonathan stood outside the rosebush entrance, looking out into the endless grey of pouring rain. For some reason, as he made his way through the masses in the chasm and made his way up the rampart to the main entrance, a little bit of nervousness had found root in his mind, and for a brief moment, almost turned back and called it off when he made it outside and the feeling hadn't subsided. No, don't do that Jon! He thought to himself. It's just a little rain, nothing else. He shifted nervously on his feet; it wasn't the rain that was making him nervous. For the damndest reason, he was afraid Elizabeth would send him away, find him the strange mouse everyone else had seen him as. She had saved him because he was hurt, and then pretended to pay attention and understand just to humor him and have him leave sooner. He shook those thoughts from his mind, how absurd Jon, she isn't like that at all! She is kind and understanding, smart and beautiful… He shook those thoughts from his mind as well. You are her teacher, remember? Nothing more, and nothing less, don't make it any more complicated than that. She obviously showed some interest in what you were telling her, she wouldn't send you away, you didn't even get through the whole alphabet yet, and she must want to know the rest of that for sure. With the self-helping confidence booster, Jonathan took a deep breath, tucked a brown satchel carrying the reading supplies under his arm, and threw the hood on his back-up vest over his head, and braved the cold rain onslaught. Undeterred and determined, he reached Elizabeth's home; small puffs of smoke lazily floated into the sky from a small chimney, a small window showed an orange glow emanating from the inside, beckoning him out of the cold and damp. He stopped at the door, and lost all his nerve as his knuckles rapped against the makeshift door. Am I actually here? Why am I here? This was a bad idea… He attempted to turn and run, but it was too late; the door creaked open, and Elizabeth edged into the open doorway, leaning her head into view, the rest tucked behind the doorway. She glanced around a bit with her deep blue eyes, until she made eye contact with Jonathan, in a hunched over and half-turned position, and Jonathan froze at her gaze. No running back now. \"Uh, hi there!\" Jonathan greeted, waving enthusiastically. She looked at the being before her with what could be described with confusion. \"W-what are you doing here?\" She said with obvious dismay, as Jonathan turned to face her. He felt his face go red and his heart race, not with happiness, but the cold grasp of rejection; maybe she wasn't expecting me to come back. \"Well, I came back to, ah.\" He stopped, forgetting why he had come out in the rain, but then quickly remembered as he reached for the small bag and held it out towards her. \"To continue the lesson, your reading lesson of course!\" A corner of her small mouth turned up slightly, as the rest of her came out from behind the doorway. She leaned against the doorway and crossed her arms. \"To be honest with you, I wasn't really thinking you would come back.\" Jonathan's heart sank. \"I mean, this reading thing is very…difficult, and I'm not so sure I want to keep learning it…\" Elizabeth lowered her gaze and tapped her foot nervously. \"Oh, well, um.\" Jonathan in turn lowered his gaze to his feet. \"I guess I'll, just go…\" \"Oh no, don't go.\" Elizabeth interjected, stopping Jonathan mid turn. She cleared her throat, and shifted on her feet. \"I mean, I can't just send you away at my door in this awful weather, can I?\" Jonathan stopped and turned once more, hope slowly began to return to him as he saw a small smile form. She stepped back from the doorway, and motioned for him to come in. He obliged, more than happy to get out of the rain, and clinging to the hope she was kidding about not wanting to learn more. The warmth of the small fire burning in the one-room abode was welcoming him in, as he dropped the small brown satchel in the doorway and peeled off the sopping wet vest. His fur was also soaked, right down to his skin, and he regretted not bringing another back-up jacket of some sort. He stepped further into her home still holding onto his vest, and watched her slowly walk to the table, and scoop up with both hands a small steaming cup of some liquid. He passively smiled as he heard her cautiously sip the drink, and went to shake himself dry. Some things just needed to be done, though he knew a towel was much more efficient, it was hard to shake a reflex that was honed over several thousand years before towels were invented. He closed his eyes, and turned his head to start the process… …Only to be stopped by a small hand grabbing his nose, effectively stopping him. He remained frozen, and opened his eyes to see Elizabeth, her eyes affixed on his, a dead serious expression in her eyes and voice as she said. \"Do that in the doorway please, not in the kitchen.\" He remained frozen and hesitated only a second as it took him a moment to process what she meant. Her hand didn't release his nose, until he nodded curtly, then she smiled warmly, and let go. \"Thank you.\" Elizabeth went back to the table, back to the steaming beverage. She's quick in mind and movement, I'll give her that. I didn't even hear her move. After Jonathan shook himself dry, in the entryway, he made his way back into the one-room home. Elizabeth sat in a wooden chair, next to an open one and another cup of steaming beverage. \"Come in, sit down.\" She offered the open seat, and Jonathan decided to take her up on the offer. The seat seemed to creak a little louder than necessary as he lowered himself into the chair, then the household fell silent as Jonathan found his mouth surprisingly unresponsive. \"Would you like some tea?\" Elizabeth offered, sliding the other cup towards Jonathan. \"Uh, sure.\" Was all Jonathan could think of. Cat got your tongue or something? Was all he could think as well, as he took a sip of the tea, and let the uncomfortable scratchy blanket of silence cover them. The silence was palpable, there wasn't even a clock ticking, anywhere. Jonathan took the quiet as a chance to build some courage, and as a quick reinforce to his emotions. They clawed at his walls in his mind, fighting to show themselves and let them be known, Jonathan wouldn't allow it, he pushed them lower and lower, until they no longer presented the threat of bursting forth. Jonathan cleared his throat, and caught Elizabeth's attention. \"So, how come you think you shouldn't read anymore?\" He asked curiously, wondering why she thought it so difficult, she seemed to be doing so well. \"Well, I'm really struggling here; I was studying the piece of paper with my name on it, and I'm stuck on this symbol here.\" She reached down next to her chair, and retrieved the paper in question. Jonathan had actually forgotten about the parchment, and was surprised and happy she had been studying it long after he had left; just like a good pupil. \"It looks like the symbol, 'N'.\" She pointed and looked at Jonathan, confirming she was right on the letter. He nodded, \"Yep, your right, N.\" She smiled, returning to her name. \"But, if it was an 'N', wouldn't it be sitting upright?\" \"You would be correct on that assumption.\" \"So, does it make the same sound as an 'N' then? Is that another way to write it?\" \"Ah, it wouldn't.\" Jonathan followed her finger. \"That letter would be 'Z', one of the last letters in the alphabet we didn't get to go over yet.\" Elizabeth leaned back in her chair, and sighed in relief. \"See I knew it couldn't be right!\" She exclaimed. \"If it was an N you would have it sitting right, not on its side! That has been bothering me forever!\" She laughed lightly, and Jonathan chimed in. \"Well why don't we finish the rest of the alphabet, then we can clear up the confusion?\" Jonathan offered. He was delighted to see Elizabeth nod almost enthusiastically, and they set to work, Teacher and pupil. \"Sound it out.\" \"A-a-al-al…\" \"You're close, keep trying.\" \"Al-alread…already?\" \"Yes, you got it!\" \"All right!\" Elizabeth and Jonathan shared a high-five and laughed. \"We are way too excited about this.\" Jonathan scoffed. \"Nonsense, every victory should be celebrated.\" He thought quick when he saw her look down solemnly, not fully convinced in his encouragement or her progress. \"Hey.\" Jonathan said softly, \"Don't discredit yourself. You have come a long ways in two weeks.\" \"But I'm nowhere near your skill yet.\" Elizabeth frowned. \"Well, I have been reading a lot longer than you have, these things will take time.\" Jonathan suppressed a cough; instead he turned his head and cleared his throat. Elizabeth raised her gaze enough to look his way and see him shudder. \"Hey, are you all right?\" \"Hm? Oh yeah I'm fine.\" Jonathan turned back and shook his head. \"I think I might have caught something in the many trips—\" \"In the rain…\" Elizabeth clarified. \"—in the rain here, yes.\" Jonathan smirked at the smarmy reaction from Elizabeth. \"It's like you know or something.\" Elizabeth just shrugged one shoulder, and tilted her head. \"It was just a feeling.\" \"Anyway, I think you're doing fantastic.\" Jonathan said once more, clearing his throat once again. She still didn't seem convinced, sighing in defeat and lowering her gaze again. Jonathan, without thinking, brought his hand from the table. What are you doing? He asked his arm, as if it had a mind of its own. It moved towards the soft shining fur of her shoulder, catching the shimmering light of the small candle burning on the table. No, don't do that. In a haze, he felt his fingertips brush her soft fur. The sensation shot up his arm like an electric shock, it was so soft. She didn't shy away; instead she was mildly surprised she felt his touch at all. She looked his way, and their eyes met. Those deep blue pearls, they had such a hypnotizing power to them. Like Grace's. No, not like Grace's at all; Grace's were an emerald green, Elizabeth's were almost a deep sapphire, and seemed so much more entrancing. The entrancing theory was being reinforced, when Jonathan felt his mouth, once again, form words on its own. \"Don't be so hard on yourself Elizabeth, you're doing very well, believe me.\" He removed his hand from her shoulder before any more damage could be done. You're not doing a very good job keeping this professional Jon. \"Thank you.\" She said softly, nervously running a hand through her fur. \"I'm still not convinced that's what keeps bringing you back here though, through all the bad weather and my incessant questioning.\" It's you , his little voice in his head wanted to say. It was quickly silenced and shoved back into its hole within his mind. \"You have shown me kindness, a lot more than most have shown me in a long time.\" That seemed to satisfy the little voice. \"Maybe it's because you're from the city, that's why you're treated differently?\" \"Maybe, your guess is as good as mine.\" Jonathan absently said while his mind knew exactly why he was shunned; not because he was from the city, but because he had been changed genetically and was no longer the same make-up as the 'lesser' creatures. This thought also brought up a question of his own. \"How come you can stand me?\" Elizabeth seemed to stop in thought for a moment before meeting his gaze and shrugging lightly, adding with a smile. \"I think there's a lot more to you than what meets the eye.\" \"Thanks, I think.\" Jonathan mumbled, scratching idly at the back of his head. He began to cough sporadically, unable to resist the urge to cough no longer. \"Are you alright?\" Elizabeth asked concern evident in her heavenly voice. \"Yeah, I think.\" Jonathan cleared his throat a couple times, but couldn't shake loose the feeling of sandpaper lining his airway. He spoke again, his voice now scratchy. \"I should get out of here before…\" He stopped speaking when he turned to face Elizabeth, and saw her reach out with an open palm and gently cup his forehead. He froze solid at her cool touch; she gently parted some fur to reach his skin and to get a better reading on his temperature. Jonathan felt blood rush to his face as he found himself surprised she would consider any kind of contact with him; he found it kind of intrusive, but not unwanted. Slowly exhaling, he fought the urge to lean into her hand and become entranced by the faint smell of lavender that radiated off her. Keep it professional Jon; she's just checking your temperature. She eyed him with concern. \"You're really warm. Maybe you have come down with something.\" \"I feel fine really.\" He lied, leaning on the notion that her reading was a little off, thanks to his nervous 'hot flash' raising his temperature slightly. \"But just in case, I should get out of here so you don't get the same thing.\" \"Are you nuts? You can't go back out in this weather if you're sick!\" Elizabeth restrained from shouting, albeit barely. \"Y-you should s-stay here and wait out the storm.\" Jonathan studied Elizabeth's expression; it was of sincere concern for his well being, but there was something else underneath it, almost subliminal. Before long, she seemed to become nervous, and seemed to add in afterthought. \"I-I-I mean, you can have the couch, a-and wait out the storm.\" This flew up a red flag in Jonathan's mind; though a part of his mind would cherish waiting out the storm with her and get to know more about her, the other outright refused to even consider it, claiming to keep her at 'arms length'. After all, he had to see himself as nothing more than a teacher, that's all she saw him as, he had to get the silly notion that she actually cared about him out the window. The logical side won. It was an act of kindness, nothing more, but he didn't want it to become anything more than what it was; he had to leave. \"I-I appreciate the offer, but.\" Jonathan slowly stood, avoiding the table this time, and headed for the entryway. \"I can't, I'm expected elsewhere.\" Elizabeth watched him, and with a hint of sadness, stood and followed him to the doorway, not ready to give up just yet. \"But Jon, think about it; running around in this weather will surely make you sicker. I have no problem letting you have the couch, really.\" Jonathan slapped the still damp coat on; it had immediately taken all the heat out of his body, and chilled him. \"I can't, I-I-I'm sorry.\" He pulled the door open, and stepped through into the howling storm that ceased to release its hold on the country side. \"I'll see you later.\" He haphazardly said and closed the door, leaving a mildly hurt and confused Elizabeth. \"Bye.\" She whispered to the door. The trip back to the rosebush was cold, unforgiving, and just all around unpleasant. He contemplated going back to Elizabeth's, but he knew it would only be detrimental. He was more than sure the offer had expired, and she was upset at his quick departure, so returning would only damage the relationship they had now. Relationship, Jonathan scoffed. It was a stretch to call it that. He shivered as he pealed the once again drenched coat off his equally drenched torso and coughed. If he didn't catch anything on all the trips to her home yet, he surely had now. He didn't have a witty thing to say to Brutus this time, which almost seemed lost at his lack of even speaking to him, instead Brutus just pushed the door open for the small shivering being, and Jon disappeared into the colony. The shivering worsened and warmth seemed like a far off possibility. He coughed again, and felt sandpaper line his throat once again, except it brought company; his neck felt constricted and irritated, the feeling of swelling made him cough and repeatedly clear his throat to no avail. In short, he had a frog in his throat. \"Ah Jonathan, just the fellow I was looking for.\" A familiar aged rat approached. \"How goes this week's attempts at tutoring?\" \"Okay, I suppose.\" Was what Jonathan wanted to say, but he could only manage \"Okay,\" Before suffering another coughing fit. Speaking was becoming painful, and he was succumbing to sickness quick. \"Jonathan, you are ill.\" Nicodemus plainly stated. \"Quick, get wrapped up, we can discuss this later.\" Jon simply nodded and headed in the general direction of his quarters. Climbing the stairs seemed more physically taxing than usual, reaching the intended floor he had found himself winded. \"Fantastic.\" He muttered, agitating his throat once again. He shouldered the door open, and eyed the bed as he peeled the next layer of cold wet clothing off; he flopped onto the mattress and pulled the blankets up to his neck. He lay in his bed shivering violently. Whether caused by his fever or he had finally gone mad, he felt euphoric and smiled. You know what; he thought to himself, I might be sick because I keep seeing Elizabeth, but I think seeing her this much was definitely worth getting a cold over. Jon sneezed, and sniffled. Yeah, it's the fever talking. She remained frozen in the entryway, staring blankly at the door; waiting for it to swing open maybe, have him return? Or maybe not open at all? She didn't know anymore, Elizabeth sighed in defeat when it was the latter, she decided to retire to the table once more still covered in their study material. She shuffled through the many sheets of paper and writing utensils; he always seemed to leave everything here. It didn't bother her; she would idly glance through the many works they had created together, and she could see the progress she had made. She could see his hand writing on his sheets; clear, crisp and so easy to read, but when it came to hers, all she could see were shaky lines and smashed together letters. She was however; incredibly excited to learn she was right handed. She scanned through them a moment more before stacking them in a neat pile. The pile seemed to grow every day, like the connection she felt with Jonathan. She couldn't figure the enigmatic mouse out; he would come to see her daily, claiming he was there only to teach her the human language, but she got the feeling there was a little more to it than that. He would arrive with a nervous smile, a small brown bag full of papers and books , she learned they were called, and ask if he was welcomed in. she would smile and welcome him in from the rain. She would watch him out of the corner of her eye, keeping her shy gaze low. Jonathan was so deliberate in his movements, making sure the door was shut, the bag set on the floor in a manner it wouldn't dump everything on the floor, and even his shake seemed like it was calculated. But as if fate had planned him out, he would kick the chair as he sat, or nudge the table with a haunch, destroying his perfect record with the scrape of wood against solid ground. It was different every time, the poor guy was accident prone. Even his emotions seemed calculated too. He seemed distant, not showing anything beyond praise for the progress that was made, like he was holding back more. But, there were times she remembered when it seemed, his defenses were down; he would laugh at a joke or say something funny, but just as fast as it happened he would close up the hole in his emotional wall and return to neutral. And as they saw each other more and more, it was getting harder and harder for him to bottle it all up, this she knew, and tonight was the biggest indication she was getting him to open up. She had seen it in his face, when she had mentioned for him to have the couch for the night, he opened his mouth to say something but resisted and looked away, calculating once again for a neutral choice yet again. The whole conversation really, proved he wanted to say more, but held back. Why does he hold back? Was he afraid she would find something out about him that he didn't want anyone to know? Or was he just afraid? And if he was afraid, what is he afraid about? She would learn these things; she would prove he didn't have to bottle everything and bury it deep down. She knew he cared about her in some other way than just some student, why else would he come all the way out here? She was tired of all the mixed signals, it was time she took a little more initiative; the next time he swung by, which would be no doubt tomorrow, she would try just a little harder to get him to open up. Elizabeth's heart fluttered for the briefest of moments, this wasn't something she had any experience with, but it was exhilarating all the same. Much to her dismay, and Jonathan's, he did not return the next day. He remained bed-ridden from his sickness, suffering a high temperature and an awful cough that seemed to expel wisps of his soul with each labored expulsion of air. Mr. Ages was called from his studies in the harvester to concoct something to ease Jonathan's inflamed throat, and bring the fever down. \"Why on earth are you sick?\" Ages grumbled as he ground ingredients in a mortar and pestle. \"What have you been up to?\" \"I'm seeing someone.\" Jonathan, his voice barely over a harsh whisper said. \"But not in the sense of 'seeing' each other.\" \"You're not making any sense Brisby, speak clearly.\" Ages curtly stated, finishing the grinding process and poured the green paste into a glass of water. Jon cleared his throat in an attempt to shake the oppressive and painful lump that formed in his airway, only to agitate it and fall into another fit of coughing. \"I'm helping someone learn to read.\" He finally managed to whisper. \"What? How absurd, I think you're delirious from your fever.\" Ages chuckled, muttering how absurd it was someone wanted to read outside of the colony. He waddled over to the side of Jon's bed and held a glass of sickly green water for him as Jon struggled to sit up. \"I'm serious.\" He quietly exclaimed. Ages only ignored his musings, and handed the glass full of questionable water to Jon. \"Here drink this; I warn you it won't taste very good.\" Jon took the glass apprehensively, studying the small globules of green gunk floating about. \"Then why do you want me to drink this?\" \"It will lower your fever, and help with your agitated throat.\" Ages huffed. \"Now hurry up, before the medicine settles.\" Jon looked at Ages, then back at the glass. \"Well, bottom's up I guess.\" He grimaced. Closing his eyes, he knocked the glass back, feeling the slimy texture of the medicine land on his tongue, deposit the foulest taste he ever had the misfortune of tasting, and continued down into his gullet. He squeezed his eyes tighter, and resisted the urge not to spit it all back up. He faltered a moment, and some of the water spilled onto his chin. \"Don't waste any of it!\" Ages warned. Finally, the glass was empty, Jon was surprised he had finished the glass in one try, but he regretted it instantly. \"Ugh!\" He gagged. \"That tastes like—\" \"I told you it wasn't going to taste good!\" Ages interrupted. \"Medicine isn't supposed to taste like fruit- punch!\" \"It wouldn't hurt if it did.\" Jon grumbled, smacking his lips in disgust. He slid back under his blankets and ruffled his pillow, but the taste didn't subside. He offered his wrist to Ages' outstretched hand while the other felt his forehead. \"Well good news young man.\" Ages said after a minute. \"The fever is already coming down. How does your throat feel?\" \"Still scratchy and hard to swallow, but my throat feels a little better.\" Jon stated, massaging his neck with a free hand. Ages nodded approvingly, and began to collect all his medical cadavers into a small bag. He stood, readjusted the glasses on his nose and cleared his throat. \"It's going to be a while till the fever is completely gone, as for your throat, well it seems you might have laryngitis.\" \"-erful.\" Was all Jon could manage before his voice cut out, Jon grumbled in defeat. \"Don't overtax your voice Brisby, just try and remain silent as possible and let it heal, I know that's a lot to ask of you, but try and give your 'lessons' with the wood-folk a day off.\" Ages dryly chuckled; all Jon could do was frown at him. Ages waddled his way to the door and stepped through, turning back to Jon with a warning. \"Remember; stay in bed, don't talk too much, and drink your fluids. Got it?\" Jon threw exaggerated thumbs up at the elderly mouse, and settled into his mattress and stared at the dirt ceiling as the door closed, and Ages departed. \"Eh, that boy, what nonsense\" Ages grumbled to himself, stroking the beard on his face as he started hobbling down the hallway. \"Why would normal creatures want anything to do with us? It's never happened before.\" \"There is a first for everything, my friend.\" A raspy voice answered from behind Ages. \"Ah, Nicodemus, always a pleasant surprise to see you sneaking up behind me.\" Ages retorted, appearing he wasn't at all affected by the appearance of the aged rat as they walked down the hall in unison. \"What is this business Brisby keeps blabbering about; something about being a teacher to someone?\" \"It is true, not the ramblings of a sick rodent. Ages, someone has agreed to listen to us. \" Nicodemus smiled, and seemed to beam with hope. \"We might just learn to coexist with our neighbors in Thorn Valley after all.\" \"Explain the whole situation to me Nicodemus, I'm all ears.\" Ages said with a hint of disbelief. With a wide grin, Nicodemus told Ages everything that had transpired between Jonathan and this mysterious mouse that, for some unknown reason, decided to let Jonathan into their world. Writer's Note: Huge chapter, a reviewer suggested I break them up a bit to ease reading, so I'm trying it with this one. Got a bit more to go on this chapter, stick around. Fun fact: this story broke the 800 views mark. Figured you might want to know. Thanks again everyone.[Chapter 19] Chapter 18.5: Sickness pt.2 Two days. Two days had passed since Jonathan was well enough to leave his bed, he wanted to desperately take a bath and move. Remaining bed ridden for so long had made him antsy with anticipation, and boredom. He rose out of his bed, grabbed a fresh throw over vest with a hood, and quietly stepped towards his door. Pulling the door open and scanning the hall in two different directions, and satisfied nobody was around to force him back into his room, took a wary step into the hallway. \"Jonathan.\" Well, so much for getting out scot-free. Jon scowled, and turned to face his captor. Nicodemus stood in the hallway, tapping his cane against the ground, a frown had formed between the thick mustache and beard. Jon turned, and with the most innocent grin he could muster, faced Nicodemus and shrugged, as if to say; you got me. \"I know you think you feel better, but I am not so sure you should be up and walking yet.\" Nicodemus walked towards Jon, his cane clacking on the packed floor as he walked. \"And you have not shaken loose your laryngitis yet. Are you sure you are ready to be up and mobile?\" Jon could only shrug and nod. \"I understand you are bored, and anxious to move about, but you must not overtax yourself.\" Jon huffed and crossed his arms, dropping a solemn gaze to the floor. Nicodemus smirked at Jon's comically exaggerated expressions, but knew how the young mouse felt about being trapped in his quarters, with little else to do except sleep. Nicodemus thoughtfully tugged on his beard as he studied the little actor before him; Jon was milking the pouting for all its worth. \"But I suppose.\" Nicodemus started with a sigh. \"Some fresh air may do your body good. You have my consent to leave your quarters.\" Jon lit up, enthusiastically grabbing Nicodemus' hand, much to his surprise, and shook the old rats hand vigorously. Jon took off with a bounce in his step. \"Jonathan, make sure to bring some paper and a writing utensil, I have a feeling you are going to need it for a certain someone.\" Nicodemus smirked, watching Jon nearly trip and fall as he spun around, and his expression changed to defensive. Nicodemus just chuckled at the look he was given, and Jon continued on in his journey. \"Poor Jonathan, he doesn't even know he's love-struck yet.\" She felt glum today, as she sat outside her home absorbing the ray of sunshine that greeted every creature today. After weeks of torrential downpour, it was a welcome change. She idly kicked her feet and sighed. Elizabeth had put so much time and effort for preparing for Jonathan yesterday; a dash more of lavender than usual, tidied up her home, and she even groomed her fur into a flawless sheen, though she was sure it would be overkill. She waited for him all day, fretting over the amount of lavender she had applied, worried if it was too much, she brushed and combed every hair—at least twice each—trying to coax any strands that had gone astray back into place, she even went as far as to plan out what she was going to say to him. But it was all for naught, as night fell he still hadn't arrived. It was now late morning, on the second day he hadn't come back, and she was sure the extra charm had worn off by now. Was I too forward and scared him off? She worried in her seat. She felt she was being too forward when offering her couch to him, but it was a spur of the moment reaction, and she hoped he didn't react the way he did. But it was how he always reacted; leaving before he lost control, it seemed. A rustling from the nearby brush pulled her from her thoughts. She sat up straight, and rotated her ears forward. Her heart raced, could it be? Elizabeth filled with joy when the grey mouse in question stepped through the thick brush, and noticed her sitting outside her home, his face lit up and a smile crept across his face. It took all of her willpower not to jump to her feet and run to him. Calm down Liz, don't scare him off again. She stood with as much composure she could muster, and let him close the distance. Jonathan walked with the grace of water, one smooth step over another without fumble or slow deliberate movement; he was in his element outdoors, not stumbling around her cramped little abode. His smile remained on his face as he closed the distance, standing tall and unhindered. Elizabeth couldn't help feeling a little nervous as he approached, she unconsciously started tidying up her fur, despite it still retaining its luscious sheen from the day prior, hopefully Jonathan wasn't noticing she was nervously patting down invisible strands on her arms, sides and head, when he stopped a safe distance away; not too close as to tower over her and intimidate, but not far enough to seem distant for conversation. Elizabeth had to contain herself from hugging him; he had finally come back! She threw her nervous hands behind her back. \"Hi Jonathan!\" She beamed with joy. Jonathan kept smiling, and waved. She felt awkward for a moment after the silence of her reply, but continued with pleasantries. \"How are you?\" She asked next, still brimming with joy she could not contain. He put a comical frown on his face, and waved his hand in the air, gesturing So-so. Elizabeth raised a quizzical eyebrow; why was he acting so weird. \"Is everything, all right?\" Jon blinked, and then lightly smacked his forehead with his palm, as if he had forgotten he couldn't speak. He held up a finger, one moment. He began digging through the bag under his arm, searching for something to write with. Elizabeth couldn't help but lean in with curiosity. He found a pencil, and with a sheet of paper he began to furiously scribble out something, a serious look of concentration, and his tongue sticking out ever so slightly, made Elizabeth stifle a giggle. He finished whatever he was writing, and handed the writing to Elizabeth, she looked at the paper, and then back at Jon, obviously confused. His hand was motioning her to go on, and read the paper. She looked down at the sheet, and with a look of serious concentration of her own, began to read his writing aloud: \"I have…L-l-lost…\" She looked at Jon for confirmation, he gave a thumbs up she had pronounced it right so far. \"Lost, my…Voice?\" She looked back at Jon with a raised eyebrow. Jon solemnly nodded, looked up and pointed at his Adam's apple, and tried to speak; the pitiful sound of forced air came from his mouth, and he gave up. He looked back at her and shrugged, as if to say; what can you do? \"Oh no.\" Elizabeth covered her mouth in worry. Jon urged her to continue. \"That means you…will…have to do…all the…reading.\" She finished. She felt mildly disappointed he fell back into the safe zone of reading, in fact she was starting to grow tired of it, but it was the only thing that seemed he was comfortable with doing right now. She did though, come up with something to change the norm up a little bit. \"Oh, okay. I'm going to be doing all the talking today?\" She looked back at Jon, he nodded lightly. \"All right, I'll do all the talking, but on one condition.\" She stated. Jon looked on with suspicion. \"We do the lessons outside; there is no way we are going to be inside on the only sunny day you happen to stop by!\" He couldn't quite put a finger on it, but there was something different about her today. Jon thought he would find becoming comatose a massive hindrance, but in reality it had been an incredibly useful tool for Elizabeth to take the initiative, and try pronunciation on her own. It also helped Jon was being comical, and kept twisting his face about to get the sound of a vowel she would get stuck on without muttering a sound himself. She would giggle, and Jon would just become entranced in the little bouts of laughter that escaped her heavenly form. He smelled a hint of lavender, a little more than usual, and she seemed to just, quite simply, glow in the sunlight. He rested his chin on a propped up hand, with his elbow resting on his haunch, and just listened to the wonderful sound of her voice as it echoed around them. Even when it stuttered on a syllable, it sounded like an angel playing a harp to his ears. \"You know, it's a lot easier to help me with this silly thing when you're looking at the paper, not staring at me.\" Jon flinched, he had been caught. He met her gaze; the deep blue orbs looked back with the slightest hint of amusement. Jon shrugged it off, and glanced back down at the paper in Elizabeth's hand, as if it never happened. She continued to look at him, as if unimpressed with his ruse, so he looked back at her and tapped the paper with a faux look of seriousness. She smiled, but never averted her gaze back to the paper. Jon started to feel uncomfortable under her gaze, and nervously flicked his view from her to the paper, hoping to direct her view with his own; it wasn't working as she ever so slightly leaned closer to him. Elizabeth never noticed before, but Jonathan's eyes weren't actually brown. His eyes were hazel. It was near impossible to be sure, since he never seemed to keep eye contact; even now, his eyes flicked back and forth between her gaze, and that stupid paper in her hands. But now, so close to him, she could finally see them. She felt compelled to do something, as if hypnotized by the sporadic glimpses from him. Her heart raced, as she felt herself lean ever so closer to his face, maybe I should be sure his eyes are actually hazel… Jon froze; is she doing, what I think she's doing ? He tried to speak, as her what on earth she was doing. Only a puff of air escaped his throat. For every inch she neared, he backed away. This is all wrong! His thoughts screamed to him. You've let your guard down, and now she has fallen for you! He remembered his hand was still on the paper in her hands. Quickly, he started rapidly tapping the paper, trying to get her attention back to that, but it didn't work; in her eyes he could see she was in a daze, a love-struck daze. Nothing outside of her focus would stop her. Then she closed her eyes. All hope was lost. Is that such a bad thing? Yes! His rationale argued. You are not normal like her, if this were to happen, it would be short and fleeting. But I would be happy! But for how long; Jon, think this out, you haven't thought at all about this! Jonathan kept tapping on the paper, trying to speak in futility. She came closer with each passing moment. Do you think you can survive another incident? Grace's passing decimated you. Grace…how do I know it would happen again? Would you want to see it happen again? She was so close to him now, the distracting finger tapping stopped, and Jon made a decision. He closed his eyes, and sighed. Elizabeth couldn't calm the butterflies that fluttered about in her stomach, she felt weightless as her heart pounded in her chest; she was finally going to get Jon to open up, and tell her how he felt. He must feel something for her, he must! Until she felt something bump her nose. She opened her eyes slightly, and only saw grey, so she opened them more, the sound of her heart in her ears was almost deafening. It wasn't his face, like she thought she would reach first, instead it was his raised hand. He had his face turned away from her, with a frustrated look upon it. She suddenly felt very embarrassed; you don't start with a kiss you dolt! \"Oh-oh my- I'm so sorry.\"Elizabeth stammered, retreating back to her side of the log they sat on, and started nervously playing with her fur, trying to cover the red that flushed her face. She heard him sigh and lower his hand. Gently he took the pencil and paper from her grasp; she let them go with little resistance. He pressed the pencil against the paper surface, and stopped a moment. She watched from over his shoulder, from a safer distance than earlier, as he slowly wrote out the words: I…Can't… Elizabeth furrowed her brows. \"W-what do you mean?\" She whispered, studying Jon's face as he tried to explain his feelings without words. Her heart was pounding in her ears as he started writing again: It's…my…fault, not… yours… \"I don't understand Jonathan, what-what are you saying?\" Jon's mind was awash with emotions, so many different feelings that conflicted with each other swarmed about; convoluting whatever reply he could give her. I wish I could talk to her; this would be so much easier to explain. His hand shook as he started to reply. There…is…another… Elizabeth felt her heart shatter. \"Oh. I-I had no idea.\" She began to shrink away. The sun was no longer warm, she no longer felt comfortable near him. She felt so confused. She felt cold. No! Not…like… that! Jon quickly scribbled, no longer bothering to erase he scratched them out. This is coming out all wrong! Jon felt himself shake with frustration; he looked at her with pleading eyes, trying to tell her his story with a broken voice. A forced squeak filled the air. He clenched his teeth together, pulling his hair with pent up frustration. He was no longer able to look at her; the evident sorrow on her face at his convoluted words had caused irreparable damage to his case. Her eyes became glassy, her lips quivered. I'm…Sorry…I…Have…To… He didn't bother finishing the rest, He could tell by the look in her eyes; she couldn't comprehend any of it, he couldn't explain it. So Jon stood up, and ran off. Jon burst into his room; no banter between Brutus, no words were exchanged with Nicodemus. So much anger and frustration ran through his head, he paced back and forth in darkness. He didn't care if he was in darkness, it was better in the dark; he couldn't look into his face in the mirror. He wanted to scream, to release the swirling vortex of anger that welled inside of him. Why did I write that, why couldn't I think clearly? Dammit, what have I done! Jon couldn't bottle it up anymore, he tried to scream. His fists were clenched tight, his knuckles white and shaking with struggling for a mere peep. Why was it so hard to get over Grace? How long ago had it been? Why must Elizabeth stir these emotions that he thought were dead and gone? He was happy with being alone; it was better to have loved and lost, then to have not loved at all. Why must that be different? His throat began to protest against the strain. Sandpaper returned to his stricken vocal chords, copper tainted his tongue. And now, thanks to his garbled thought process, and lack of thinking it through, the only chance of having any connection with any source of normalcy in his life, was gone. Fire burned in his throat. Suddenly a noise began to emanate. A low, husky rumble began to fill the empty dark room. Was that what he was telling himself all this time; he needed normalcy? To feel like he could fit in? No, it wasn't that at all. He was ready to admit to himself. The rumble grew to a hoarse shout. A long, forced and anguish filled scream pierced the silence of his room. Eyes slammed shut began to water, small tears formed in the corner of his eyes. Not of pain, but of sadness. He was willing to admit; he was sick and tired of being alone. He hated being one of the last of his kind that survived NIMH, he was heartbroken he had survived and Grace did not. It was unfair he was left alone in this world, following around the rats like a lost dog. He didn't fit in anywhere else, no one in the 'common' populace allowed him to get anywhere near them. What else was there to do except stay with the rats? But then, as if it was divine intervention, she saved him from death, and she accepted him. His lungs ached for air. His throat felt as if someone had poured gasoline and a match into his mouth. Flecks of blood began to intertwine with spittle on the cold dirt floor. All he wanted was a friend, to listen, to chat with, and to relate with someone of his own species. Not damn rats. He had always put the colony first, they were like family, but that's all he saw them as. She was separate from them. Jon's knees buckled, and he dropped to the floor. Gasping for breath and roughly coughing up specks of blood. He finally had a friend. Now, he blew that chance, and made himself look like some shallow jerk. She would never let him near her now, he could never fix what he had just broken; it was called trust and friendship. He had lost a friend today. He started to sob, in silence. Jonathan was now willing to admit. He loved Elizabeth.[Chapter 20] Chapter 19: Seize the Day. A week had passed. Jonathan never left his room, lying in his bed in perpetual darkness, doing nothing but dwell on his self loathing. Rats would come and check on him, bring him food and wish him well; after all, he was mute, he was unable to tell anyone why he hadn't come out for so long. They would leave their gifts at the door, for some reason his door was barred shut from the inside. He dwelled on what he should have said, what he could have done. He thought of Grace, he thought of faces he hadn't seen in so long. He thought of everything he had experienced in his extended existence. Then he started thinking of the what-could-have-been. On his seventh day, he stood without a word, opened his door, and left without a word to anyone. He marched with determination through the halls. He began to ascend the rampart out of the rosebush, back to the familiar giant double-doors to the outside world. On the other side was the familiar giant Brutus, on his constant vigil, at this moment sleeping while standing up. \"Hey Brutus.\" Jon said in a deep grumble. Brutus jumped from his sleep, taking a double-take at the mouse that kept walking out into the rosebush. Brutus just blinked. It was late in the afternoon; the sun cast a deep orange over the world. Jon stopped a moment, and took a deep breath, calming the storm that dwelled in his gut. He was reluctant to leave his room today, to be honest he didn't want to leave it ever again, but he had made a meaningful decision; today he would go back to Elizabeth, and say sorry. He had spent most of the time shut out from the rest of the world just in a state of perpetual self hate. After a couple days of fighting off the depression that had settled in, he had grown tired of berating himself, and decided it was time to stop, and fix what he could, as best he could. Hating himself wasn't going to fix anything, dwelling on the past wasn't going to fix anything either; there was only the now and the future. He took a step forwards, letting the sun warm his cold fur as he walked. He had a long time to think about what had went wrong last time, besides the fact he couldn't speak, he was broad-sided by the forwardness Elizabeth had shown; before she was always soft spoken, but would always speak her mind for the most part. He hadn't expected it in the slightest, and he had been fighting the emotions that had surfaced since the first time he had seen her. Instead of sealing them away for fear of Elizabeth rejecting him, it was now incredibly apparent she felt something for him. So he took the metaphorical lid off the jar, and let them spill forth. He was tired of dwelling in the past; as much as he hoped and prayed Grace would return, it was never going to happen. No matter how much he hoped. It was time to let her go, let her rest in peace. It was something he himself wasn't sure he was ready for, but if Elizabeth was any indication, he would try for her sake. Provided it wasn't too late. A part of him believed it was too late; the moment he wrote those words down, sealed their fate. He wasn't sure if he could handle the rejection of knowing he was the cause of her heartache for so long, but he would hope to at least mend it. It was impossible to completely fix a broken heart, but he would at least try if she would hear Jonathan out; he would tell her why he acted that way, he would tell her about Grace, and tell her how he felt about her. He didn't expect her to listen or even open the door for him, but he would feel a lot better if he told her everything . That way, she would know. To hell with calculating this whole thing out, I'm going to let my heart do the talking. Elizabeth remained in her bed; deep fatigue lines marred her deep sapphire eyes. She had her back turned to the orange ray of sun shining through the single window. She had no drive to move today, she just laid there in bed, curled in a ball. She was so confused and hurt; why did Jonathan come here all those times, send her so many mixed signals, and then say there was another? She wasn't going to cry about it anymore, mostly because she couldn't, she was out of tears. She was hurt to say the least, but mostly she was just confused; she had never experienced these feelings for another before, she had the slightest idea how it was suppose to happen. She was positive however; it wasn't supposed to go like this. Elizabeth released a pained sigh, passively flicking at a fold of her blanket that stuck up in front of her nose. She was tired, but couldn't sleep. Maybe he was trying to say something else? Jon looked flustered when he tried to explain, whatever he was trying to explain. What was he trying to say? Maybe he didn't mean he was seeing another, maybe she really was just some student to him. Maybe that's what the simple farm girl gets; falls for the tall, handsome, complicated and quiet city boy, and has her heart broken. She sighed again, willing herself off her bed. She needed something to eat, even if she didn't have an appetite. She felt sick, so maybe eating something would cure the stomach ache. Elizabeth started rummaging through the small stock she had, hoping something would jump out at her. Maybe I have some of that human snack stashed in here… Jon emerged from the grass in front of Elizabeth's little abode; it appeared abandoned, not a single sign of life showed in the windows, Jon noticed a pile of papers sat in front of the log that doubled as they're bench; torn and wrinkled from sitting out in the elements. He felt ice form in his stomach. I shouldn't be here. No, he needed her to know how he felt; it might not mean anything after everything he did, but he felt Elizabeth deserved to know. It was up to her what to do with it then. If she wanted him to leave, he would respect her decision and disappear forever, but if she didn't… Jon swallowed his building anxiety. He wouldn't figure anything out standing there, he had to seize the day, or die regretting the time he lost not knowing. Apprehensively, he put one foot in front of the other, and approached the silent little home. Elizabeth found a hardy little seed, of what plant she didn't know, but she wasn't going to be picky, she wanted to curl back up on the bed and just go to sleep. She bit down on the seed, holding it in her jaw as she rearranged some things in the little cupboard with both free hands. Once she was content with the new layout, she gently closed the cupboard, turned around and headed back towards the bed in a slow walk as she grasped the seed with her hand and teeth, deep in thought and not really bothering to take a bite out it. She started wondering if Jon was ever going to come back, when she caught a familiar scent in the air. A cacophony of emotions flooded her mind. What was she going to do? A part of her wanted to explode at him, make him feel ashamed for hurting her feelings and leaving her alone for a week with no word. Another part wanted to hear what he had to say for himself, see what kind of excuse he could come up with. She wanted to take pity on him, for some reason, too. She had silently crept to her door, peered through a crack in the frame and watched him approach. Her heart ached as she crouched there; it ached for answers, for some sort of truth, it still also ached, because she still cared for him. She held her breath as he stood before her door, unaware she was exactly on the other side watching him. Jon raised a hand to the door, but hesitates on knocking. Elizabeth froze, why was he waiting? From her position she couldn't see his face, but she heard him take a deep breath in, then let it back out. Knock. Knock. Knock. She steeled herself, took a deep breath of her own, and reached for the handle. Jon watched the door slowly creep open a sliver. Nervousness washed over him as he saw a large blue orb upon a small, slightly disheveled furred head slide around the door, and immediately lock its gaze upon him. The door stopped, partially open with Elizabeth tucked behind it; Jon could only see half her face, but could see all the hurt within it. Jon grimaced. He caused it. \"What do you want?\" A timid whisper asked. Jon took a deep breath, and decided to tell all, to fix this. \"I know you probably never wanted to see me again, but I feel like I should explain some things, starting with how I've been acting, and try to set some things right—as right as I can possibly make it—and ultimately I want to say; I'm sorry.\" His voice came back, that was the first thing Elizabeth noticed, the other thing she noticed, or maybe thought, his voice seemed to have gotten deeper; a low—almost bass—deep rumble, it was soothing. No Elizabeth, you're supposed to be mad at him! She felt a sense of relief he had come out this far to apologize, that's all she wanted him to do. He was more of an adult than what his goofy demeanor let on. She was impressed, but she wouldn't show it yet. She edged farther out from behind the door, but kept her fidgeting hands against the door. \"I'm listening.\" Jon closed his eyes, and began. \"Back when I lived in the city, there was another girl I grew attached to; her name is—was—Grace.\" She saw Jon physically flinch changing to past tense. She felt a chill begin to form at the base of her spine. \"She and I, we were very close. We had a lot in common, and she was, um, beautiful.\" Jon turned red. \"But, she suffered from some 'health' problems. As time went by, her condition worsened, and eventually…she passed away from them.\" Jon tried desperately to suppress the lump that began to grow in his throat, all the memories from so long ago came flooding back, he wished he could tell her everything , spill it all. Elizabeth's expression slowly grew into surprise as he continued. \"I fell into a really dark place after she was gone. It has taken a long time to recover from it; I'm willing to admit I'm still not who I used to be, but when I left the city I still held onto her memory, and I just, shut down. But when I came here and met you, I couldn't…\" Jon sighed and shook his head. \"Please bear with me; this is really hard to talk about.\" He cleared his throat. Elizabeth stepped out from behind the door, her eyes glistening in the waning light. \"I bottled up my emotions again when I started teaching you how to read. I convinced myself it was all strictly professional…until last week. I-I froze, I was so surprised by you, I-I couldn't think straight. I wasn't full able to admit to myself I have feelings for you.\" Elizabeth fully stood in the doorway, covering her mouth in shock. How has he carried this burden for so long? She stepped towards him. \"Elizabeth, you are the first person in a long time who has shown me kindness since leaving the city; I want to say I'm sorry for breaking your heart because I got tongue tied and—\" Elizabeth stood before him. She was so close to him now, the closest she had ever been. She looked up into his hazel eyes; she saw so much pain, so much anguish. She finally saw why there were mixed signals, why he seemed emotionally distant. Elizabeth gently pressed up against him, wrapped her arms around his mid-section, and rested her head against his chest in an embrace. \"Apology accepted.\" She whispered. She closed her eyes, and just listened to his rapid heartbeat. Jon stopped abruptly when she came so close to him. He watched as she stopped when there was the smallest gap between them, and then she looked up. Those eyes, they seemed to peer right into his soul, and tell him; she understood. And then, Jon was surprised when all of a sudden, she wrapped her arms around him, and leaned into him. She rested her cheek on his chest, and in the softest voice, said \"Apology accepted.\" Jon got an immediate head-rush. The rest of his apology melted from his thoughts, and began to drink in the other warm body that was pressed against him. Jon released all the pent up oxygen in his chest, and let it out in a long sigh. He closed his eyes, and let his chin slowly come to rest on her. All the unknowns, all the planning out and calculations, flew out the window. Let everything be a surprise from here on out. Memories of Grace flashed through his head for the briefest moment. He felt a pang of sadness, as he felt himself let the memories go, he would always remember her, but it was finally time to move on. Unless. \"So, you forgive me?\" Jon whispered in her ear. He felt the fur on his chest rustle with the movement of her head. \"Do, do you still have feelings for me?\" She asked next. She lifted her head to look into Jon's eyes again, he met them with his. There was the slightest hint of worry in her gaze at his answer. \"I- I do, Elizabeth, and I'm willing to try and have a relationship again, no more holding back, that is if you are willing to give me another try.\" This seemed to be the answer Elizabeth was looking for, as she seemed to light up, the sparkle returning to her eyes, a warm smile formed. She rested against Jon once more, squeezing him tighter. \"I think I can give you just one more try.\" Jon felt relief next; a massive weight had seemed to lift off his shoulders, he was able to breathe once again. Not a simple breath of life, but of breath teeming with emotion long since dormant; for the first time in a very long time, Jon felt like he was alive again. All the restrictions he had placed on himself, all the neutral ground that was posted, was finally lifted. He could be himself once again. Now it was time for him to do something he had been waiting for so long to do. With some hesitation, he raised his hands from his sides. As if taking on the challenge of carrying a fragile egg, he brought his arms around Elizabeth, placed his hands against her back; not too low, and not too high, between her shoulder blades should be fine, he thought. He was surprised at how soft she was. Jon lowered his head next to hers, and gave her a light squeeze, returning the embrace. \"Thank you.\" Jon whispered. Precious moments passed between them in each other's arms, everything else faded from existence, leaving just the two of them in their own world. Time, had simply just stopped. Jon sighed in content, the most content he had been in so long. He simply listened to Elizabeth breathe; rhythmic and soft, she would exhale and it ruffled small strands of fur on Jon's chest, tickling him. \"Elizabeth?\" Jon whispered softly into her ear. She didn't respond. Jon tried to take a step back, but Elizabeth followed, falling slightly forward but her feet remained in place. Jon stopped moving and held her in his arms, mildly concerned. \"Elizabeth, are you okay?\" Jon whispered again. He looked down at her; she was breathing deeply, one of her ear's twitched. She had fallen asleep. Jon didn't try to wake her; he thought it was probably best to let her be, the reason she hadn't slept was mostly because of him. He sighed thinking it was his fault she was so tired. But then he smiled; she was adorable asleep. Carefully Jon knelt down, Elizabeth's arms slipped from around him, coming to rest at her sides. With as much grace he could summon, he let her head come to rest onto his shoulder, his free hand slid behind her knees and gently, he stood, cradling the sleeping figure in his arms. She stirred and groaned, but didn't fully awake. As he shouldered the door to Elizabeth's home open, his mind raced with all the things he would change, do differently and improve on. As he saw it as he walked to the edge of her bed, it was a new leaf that had overturned in his life; no more would waking on another day be colorless, and contain nothing but errands for others to keep his mind from wandering back to himself. No longer would he fall into the endless pit of despair. He gently placed Elizabeth in her bed, and drew her blanket over her; again she stirred, mumbled something under her breath, and fell into deep sleep. Jon stopped his depressive thinking, and just knelt next to the bed, watching Elizabeth sleep so peacefully, so comfortably. He sat there on the floor, next to the bed with his head resting on his crossed arms, for what seemed like seconds, where in reality it must have been hours. He didn't care, he was happy, just sitting there, watching Elizabeth slumber. His eyes grew tired and his eyelids grew heavy. A part of him feared to sleep, thinking that this was the dream, and if he fell asleep he would wake up in the real world alone again. But he couldn't fight the fatigue that finally caught up with him; as his eyelids slid closed, his head tilted to the side, and he fell into a dreamless sleep there at the side of the bed. The moment he realized he had fallen asleep, his stomach twisted into knots; could it all had been nothing but a dream? He willed his heavy eyelids open; a rising sun peeked through the window behind him, bathing the opposite wall in a dull golden light. Jon smiled when his eyes caught something. Elizabeth was in her bed, smiling back at him. Writer's Note: Inspiration for this chapter and its name came from the song by Avenged Sevenfold titled \"Seize the Day.\" Maybe I got the wrong message from the song, maybe I'm using it out of context, but I felt it meshed really well with the mentality of this chapter. Seize the day, or die regretting the time you lost. As always, thank you for checking my story out. Stick around. The Guest Calypso[Chapter 21] Chapter 20: After the Storm. Jenner has become dark-hearted, he seems to hinder the Plan at every turn, and even when none stand at his side, Sullivan sways the council in Jenner's favor… Nicodemus stopped his writing, the small candle next to his journal flickering in its small orange light. For the first time in a long while, he had fallen into a writer's block; he flicked through the pages, looking to cure the block, and for the sake of nostalgia reflected on older entries. Jenner blocking the council, the rainstorms, Jenner blocking the Plan again, finding the rosebush. All these things he remembered clearly, it seemed Jenner's only existence was to hinder the colonies' progress. Nicodemus grumbled, continuing to flip through the pages, reflecting on the past as he scanned over entry after entry: … Jonathan has found us a cove to rest our weary heads for the night… … We have not found the time to rest since NIMH nearly captured us again outside our home… … It is proving too dangerous to live in the city… Nicodemus used his ability to turn the yellowed and brittle pages, as his weary eyes fell on his very first entry: … I have taken the initiative to write in a journal to tell our tale as we grow as a society, and to comfort myself on the cold winter nights. I chuckle at the fact that just 3 years ago, I didn't have any inclination I would learn to write. And yet here I am, writing a story that has yet shown no ending in sight; and I prefer to keep it that way…. Nicodemus smiled at the faded writing. He couldn't resist running his clawed finger across its indented surface; the writing was clear and crisp despite being faded. He reflected upon the last sentence he wrote; …And yet here I am, writing a story that has yet shown no ending in sight; and I prefer to keep it that way… Nicodemus raised a wrinkle, tremor ridden hand. The shaking had gotten worse. Although this story shows no end in sight, I worry about my own drawing to a close. A voice called from behind, pulling Nicodemus from his thoughts. He flipped back to the present, looking upon the half-empty page and sighing. \"What is it Justin?\" Nicodemus questioned, turning in his chair to face Justin. \"Sorry to barge in, but I was on my way up here and thought to fill you in on the search for Cassin.\" Justin had his hands in his pockets; a deep frown was on his face. \"We've had some, troubling developments.\" Nicodemus lowered his gaze. \"Come in, sit down.\" Nicodemus offered with an open hand to a seat nearby; an overstuffed rocking chair. Justin took the offer, plopping down in the seat and drawing his hands from his pockets, cupping them on his lap. \"So Justin, what do you mean by troubling developments?\" Nicodemus leaned back in his chair, turning back to the journal in front of him and began pondering what he would write as his writing quill floated in front of him. Justin couldn't help but watch his hands; the bony fingers seemed to pull invisible strings attached to the quill, as it began to dance on the page. They moved with an almost mechanical fashion today, unlike the usual fluid grace they possessed. \"What's wrong with your hands?\" Justin asked out of curiosity. \"Oh, it is nothing worth noting.\" Nicodemus said with a shrug. \"This cooling weather makes my joints in my fingers stiff and ache, I am getting old Justin.\" A husky chuckle filled the air, and then silence as the quill continued its ballad. Justin never considered Nicodemus as an aging being, he always assumed Nicodemus was an infinite presence. Now though, Justin started to notice small things he had never noticed before; the grey fur covered all visible places over his head, his beard and his hands, his back had developed an acute hunch, and he just seemed, tired. Justin couldn't help but begin to worry about the elder's health. \"Oh, you had come up here for something; a new development in the search of Cassin, I believe?\" Nicodemus broke the silence plaguing them. Justin lightly shook his head, returning from his thoughts. He leaned forward out of the cushions, onto his elbows and sighed. \"Yes, a number of the guards and I have come to a sort of conclusion to Cassin's disappearance.\" Justin separated his hands and scratched a spot on the side of his nose, letting the other hang between his knees in idle. \"We are beginning to think foul play was involved in his disappearance.\" The quill stopped for a second as Nicodemus' hands halted. \"That is a drastic jump from a simple disappearance, Justin.\" Nicodemus glanced in Justin's direction. \"What evidence do you possess to prove this?\" \"That's just it; we don't have any.\" Justin laced his fingers together again, but tensed. \"Cassin was last seen leaving the council chamber and heading home, but he never arrived. His wife reported him missing the next day. We've searched the direction he usually takes on his way home from the council chamber, we've turned up nothing.\" Justin shook his head in frustration before continuing. \"Nothing; no footprints, no witnesses, no scrape of clothing or a sign of a scuffle anywhere , it's as if he vanished into thin air.\" Nicodemus remained silent, pulling on his beard as he contemplated on Justin's words. After a few moments of silence, Nicodemus spoke. \"What are you suggesting Justin?\" \"I'm suggesting someone covered up all the evidence. The way he vanished, with nobody able to account for his whereabouts after the council hall, the lack of anything solid, it's just too perfect. \" \"Have you spoken to the council about this matter?\" \"No.\" Justin released a defeated sigh. \"The council will panic, and I don't have any evidence to back up my theory, they might think I'm coming to a hasty conclusion, and accuse me of abusing my Captain privileges.\" Justin finished, furrowing his brow in frustration. Nicodemus couldn't help chuckling once again. \"You have a vivid imagination Justin, to think the council would reach that Conclusion.\" \"Well you know how politicians are.\" \"No, you know how politicians are; I however possess a different viewpoint on how politicians are.\" Nicodemus replied, causing Justin to grumble slightly. Nicodemus was right in that aspect. \"Justin, I know you have distrust for the council, but you must put aside your prejudices if you want to make progress on Cassin's being.\" \"I suppose.\" Justin sighed in defeat. \"It does not have to be a full council meeting.\" Nicodemus suggested. \"Instead, seek them out individually, or find them in their studies, and ask on their assumptions then.\" \"You make a good point Nicodemus.\" Justin thoughtfully nodded, rubbing his chin. \"But that means I still need more solid evidence, I don't believe using a 'hunch' is valid in they're eyes.\" \"Perhaps that would be the wisest action to take right now.\" Nicodemus suggested once more. Justin seemed to dwell on the thought a moment, before nodding. With a slight smile Justin stood. \"As always Nicodemus, you have the answer. I'm not too crazy about chasing more shadows, but I'll dig a little deeper, maybe Cassin went another route to switch up his routine or something.\" \"That could be possible.\" Nicodemus turned back to his records, dipping his quill into the inkwell. Justin watched a moment before turning to the door. The old rat always knew what to say, when it was needed. As Justin eased out the door, he turned back towards Nicodemus; small particles of light danced above his workspace, seeing he was back into his records. I'm getting old Justin, that phrase kept playing through Justin's mind as he lingered a moment more in the doorway. For the first time, Justin started to feel a little worried for his health. Was there something he wasn't telling him? \"Say, Nicodemus.\" Justin hesitated. \"Oh, I thought you had left, what else do you need?\" \"Actually, I was wondering if there's anything you needed.\" \"Oh?\" Nicodemus thought for a moment, scratching the end of his chin with a bony claw. \"I believe I am content for the moment, thank you.\" \"Alright, well if you need anything—\" \"Actually, a cup of tea sounds wonderful at this moment.\" Nicodemus added with a hand in the air. Justin had to hand it Nicodemus, his timing was impeccable. \"That is, if the Captain of the Guard would have a spare moment, I would hate to use colony resources for something so trite.\" \"Are you suggesting using the Captain of the Guards very important time getting you a cup of tea is a gross negligence of colony resources?\" Justin smirked. \"I would not dream of it.\" Nicodemus motioned with a dramatic hand motion. \"By the way, two tea-spoons of honey are sufficient.\" \"You got it!\" Justin saluted. Yeah, he's back to his old self. He thought, as he shut the door and headed towards the dining hall. Nicodemus waited patiently until he heard the door latch shut, before relaxing. The Oracle squeaked on its axis as Nicodemus turned his gaze on it. With a somber glance he returned back to his journal. \"All right, you got me, what's the surprise?\" Jon started to lower his hands that covered his eyes. Elizabeth quickly held them back up to his eyes, causing him to grumble. \"It's not called a surprise if you spoil it goof-ball!\" She scolded playfully. Jon couldn't stop the smile growing on his face as he felt her two small hands wrap around his elbow and continue to guide him forward, stumbling slightly whenever the elevation or a rock came up under his feet. How long had it been since his confession; a couple weeks? He wasn't even sure anymore, time simply stopped having meaning as he truly felt happy for the first time, in a very long time. At first it was simply a guess of time; how long would she stand him, a day? Maybe not even. These thoughts raced through his mind the first few days, but the rejection never happened. Something much more profound happened instead; she accepted him, and each day it seemed, she cared for him. Jon was more than ready to accept his new role in life, treating every day as if it would be the first over and over again. \"Okay Jon, are you ready?\" Elizabeth's voice rang in his ears. \"Oh yeah, I'm ready.\" Jon murmured. She stopped in front of him, causing Jon to stop abruptly, lest he plow over the top of her. \"Are your eyes closed?\" She whispered. \"They are.\" Jon said, confirming with a slight nod. Small fingers gripped his wrists, accompanied by a small voice saying \"Don't open your eyes until I say, got it?\" Again, Jon nodded. What are you planning Elizabeth? He let his hands drop gently from covering his eyes; Elizabeth guided them down into hers as they lowered. As his hands relaxed, the small rush accompanied by her fingers lacing between his made his grin that much wider. She squeezed his hands in excitement, and he returned the gesture. His eyes still closed, he looked down, guessing where Elizabeth's beautiful eyes would be when he was finally given permission to lift the veil. \"Are you ready?\" She asked again. \"I don't believe I could be anymore ready, Elizabeth.\" She giggled. \"Open them!\" Jon blinked away the dark; the first thing his eyes rested on was the smiling, glowing being before him; her cheeks tinted slightly pink under her light tan fur, those blue gems twinkling in the sunlight and full of caring as they looked back at him. \"Now wait a minute.\" Jon said with fake surprise. \"I already have this surprise!\" Elizabeth's blush deepened. \"Funny mouse, not me, this is the surprise!\" She released one of his hands and moved to stand at his side, using her now free hand to point. Jon reluctantly pried his gaze off her, and followed her finger; his eyes fell on a half-buried cinderblock, its sides packed with dirt. A small chimney poked out from its roof and vegetation that grew around its perimeter. A massive rock stood behind it, seeming to tower above the cinderblock, jutting towards the sun. Jon was a little perplexed. \"What is this place?\" Jon asked curiously. Elizabeth tucked herself under his arm and looked up at his confused expression with a warm smile. \"It's my winter home.\" Jon looked back down in dismay at Elizabeth. \"Y-you have a winter home?!\" \"Well, now I do.\" She said nervously. \"Y-you can't tell me y-you like my little shack you have to duck in to walk around?\" \"Well.\" Jon mumbled, scratching a spot on his head and averting his eyes from Elizabeth. \"Not really, but it's your place and I'm not there to see the house, I'm there to see you.\" He gave Elizabeth a light squeeze at his side, causing her to blush. \"Come on.\" She tugged on his hand in excitement. \"Let's go check it out!\" Inside, the home was open and spacious, but devoid of any furniture. Jon and Elizabeth split up to look over every room. Elizabeth walked over to a cold fireplace, running her hand over the cold earth above the fire pit, while Jon meandered around with a warm grin. A thought had cropped up in his mind; Elizabeth found a bigger place, for him? It seemed a little too much, at least he thought, as a present just for him. There was more to it, but Jon wouldn't admit to himself yet. She just couldn't care that much, not yet. Comfortable silence covered them as they both continued exploring. Jon, feeling comical, stood up straight and stretched his arms into the air. \"Ah, that feels so good to stretch!\" His fingers didn't even brush the ceiling; it was magnificent even if it was suppose to be a joke. \"So, so you like it?\" Elizabeth nervously said, walking up next to Jon, looking up at him with those big blue eyes full of hopeful acceptance. \"I love it!\" He said as he watched the apprehension melt away in her eyes. \"But there is something off about it.\" He trailed off, looking around. \"What's that?\" \"It's, quite baron; where's all the furniture?\" Jon chastised himself; you idiot, that's not what you wanted to ask. She gave him a perplexed look before answering with a smile. \"Well, there aren't any silly; you're helping me move them from my summer home!\" \"Oh am I?\" Jon quipped. \"You'd better!\" She playfully scolded, pushing his arm. \"Or the couch stays there and so do you!\" The move was finished within the hour, leaving plenty of daylight left to rearrange everything so it was more appealing. With the little furniture that came from the summer home, the space was still quite vacant; Jon couldn't help but think he should bring some of his things over, as he slid his couch into position in the living room. He dismissed the thought, remembering he had next to nothing himself besides a borrowed dresser, and maybe some clothing. And besides, he mused, it's not like we're moving in together. I don't believe. He stood behind the backrest, admiring his handiwork. \"Hey, good job sliding that couch around; looks really impressive.\" A smarmy sounding female voice said. Jon spun around, Elizabeth stood in the bedroom doorway, her hands on her hips and a smirk on her face. \"Yeah, I think it looks pretty darn good, what have you been up to?\" Jon retorted. \"Oh, just moving my whole bedroom around. I just finished.\" She added, moving a hand to cover the grin and giggle that threatened to spill forth. \"So is that everything then?\" Jon scanned the room. \"Yeah, that seems to be everything from your place, moved and rearranged to everyone's liking.\" She sighed while looking around the home; even with the furniture, it was still very open. \"Well, we have some time before nightfall, got any ideas for something to do?\" Jon shook his head and shrugged. Jon became incredibly nervous when Elizabeth ran to him in the small space between them and grabbed his hands. \"I've got an idea; let's go meet the neighbors!\" Though it wasn't exactly what he was thinking, this didn't alleviate his nervousness. In fact it made him more nervous. \"Uh, are you sure you want to do that? I mean, we could have lunch or something…\" \"Oh come on, it will be fun! We'll introduce ourselves to everyone and be neighborly; it's what we 'country folk' do.\" She added, tugging him back out the door and into the afternoon sun. Jon didn't fight her surprisingly strong grip; he didn't want to raise suspicion about his reluctance to socialize after all. He swallowed his apprehension and stayed within step of Elizabeth. \"O-okay, let's go and introduce ourselves.\" Jon half-heartedly said, trying to sound as optimistic as he could. \"That's the spirit!\" Elizabeth chided. Meeting the neighbors wasn't going as planned. As Jon had feared, every time he and Elizabeth came within any distance of a burrow, the denizens appeared to have simply left, leaving food cooking and doors opened. Each encounter made Jon a little more sullen, all the while Elizabeth became more confused as she waved at a family of rabbits who eyed her suspiciously before turning and running in the opposite direction. \"Huh, that's weird.\" She whispered to herself as Jon dragged his feet behind her. \"I don't understand it, I've known most of the animals around here and they've never acted like this.\" She turned to ask Jon a question, but stifled it when she saw how he was walking; he glared sullenly at the ground with his shoulders forward, his hands buried in his vest pockets. Something was bugging him, and the only thing Elizabeth could think of was the strange behavior everyone was showing towards them. \"Hey, what's the matter?\" She asked quietly, embracing one of his arms and looking up at him. \"Oh, it's nothing.\" He said absently, vacantly smiling. \"Don't give me that.\" She said flatly. \"Don't let these, these…\" She struggled for an appropriate term to call the strange behavior of everyone. \"…These country bumpkins get you down like this; I don't know what everyone's problem is!\" She huffed, comically shaking her head about. Jon nervously fiddled with his pockets. \"I-I think it might be my fault.\" He mumbled, knowing full well that it was. \"No it isn't Jonathan Brisby.\" She scolded. \"Maybe Dragon is out and about or something, it isn't a singular mouse's fault nobody is social.\" Jon still seemed down, frowning at the ground between his feet. Elizabeth, thinking quickly before losing Jon completely, swiftly reached for his wrist, fishing out his hand and intertwined her fingers with his. \"Come on Jon, it isn't your fault, don't give up.\" She whispered sweetly. \"Let's keep trying just a little bit more.\" The rush of her hand winding into his was more than enough to turn Jon's mood around; Elizabeth wasn't about to give up just yet, giving Jon renewed hope knowing if nobody else was willing to try, she was always more than willing to accept him. He smiled warmly, looking down into her blue eyes. \"Alright, let's keep trying, who knows unless we try right?\" \"Right.\" Elizabeth reiterated, returning the warm smile and squeezing his hand in return. \"I've got a really bad feeling about this place.\" Jon murmured, looking at the small unassuming hut that stood before them. He gulped, going markedly paler under his fur. \"It's alright, I know who lives here, she's a little crass, but pretty harmless.\" Elizabeth assured. \"Pretty harmless, and it's a 'She'?\" Jon asked. His gut feeling began to make him queasy; his instincts told him to run as far away as possible. \"Oh stop being such a worry-wart.\" Elizabeth waved her hand dismissively. \"You'll like her, you'll see.\" \"You don't say.\" Jon mumbled, gulping loudly again. With some obvious hesitation on Jon's part, they both walked, hand in hand, until they stood at the door. Jon's heart was furiously pounding as Elizabeth's small knuckles wrapped against the door; this place, I wonder… The door creaked open; Elizabeth started the introductions with the being inside with a pleasant smile. \"Hello Auntie Shrew—\" \"I knew it!\" Jon growled, interrupting the greeting. Auntie Shrew shot a shocked, then irate look towards Jonathan. In unison, they pointed at each other and shouted. \"It's you !\" \"—W-what's going on…?\" Elizabeth muttered, her gaze snapping between the two. \"What are you doing here you little cretin!?\" Auntie Shrew cried, glowering at Jon. \"I could ask the same for you.\" Jon retorted, his free hand balling into a fist. \"Jon, you know Auntie Shrew?\" Elizabeth whispered into one of Jon's pinned down ears. \"You could say we've met.\" Jon growled, lowering his deadly gaze at Auntie Shrew. \"O-o-oh-ho, child what do you think you're doing with this abomination; did he drag you here against your will?!\" Auntie Shrew cried, seeing the two mice's hands intertwined. \"No, Auntie Shrew, we came to introduce ourselves—\"Elizabeth tried to explain. \"I came here with Elizabeth on my own free will, and so did she, shrew!\" Jon interjected. \"Jon!\" Elizabeth exclaimed. \"That is it, young man!\" Auntie Shrew screamed, waving a finger in the air in rage. \"I told you what would happen the next time I see you, remember; and now you're going to get it! You stay right there Brisby, I'm going to get my cane and beat some manners and sense into you!\" \"Auntie Shrew!\" Elizabeth exasperatedly gasped. Auntie Shrew stormed back into her house, fuming and cursing the whole time as the two mice stood in her doorway. Elizabeth turned to Jon with an expected glare. \"Jon, please tell me what happened between you two.\" She said over the shrew cursing in the background. \"It's a long story.\" Jon started, relaxing his tensed muscles and softening his gaze. \"I tried to help her, but she didn't want any of it. I'm sorry; I didn't want any of this to happen, I never expected this to happen.\" He released a pent up sigh, closing his eyes and covering them with his hands. Elizabeth wrapped him in a tight hug, feeling the giant before her shudder. \"I'll try and talk some sense into Auntie Shrew and hear her end of the story, all right?\" She whispered up to him. \"Do you mind waiting right here? It would probably be a little safer that way.\" Jon took a deep breath and uncovered his face. He nodded. \"I'll stay right here until you get back.\" She gave him another squeeze that he returned, before descending into Auntie Shrews home. Following the curses made it easier to locate the shrew, who was rummaging through an ornate trunk at the foot of her bed. \"Auntie Shrew?\" She jumped. \"Oh thank heavens it's you, child; I thought it was that little hooligan coming down to strangle me and drag me off to that rosebush!\" \"Drag you off to the rosebush?\" Elizabeth whispered to herself. She would have to ask about that later, right now she shook her head of the thought and stepped closer to Auntie Shrew to keep the volume low. \"Auntie Shrew, please tell me what happened between you two; he says he was only trying to help!\" \"Ha, help; is that what he told you?\" Auntie Shrew scoffed, stopping her frantic search for her cane. \"I wouldn't ask any help from those, those barbarians from that rosebush.\" \"Why do you keep saying he's from the rosebush Aunt—\" \"Because he is girl; can't you smell his scent?!\" Auntie Shrew hissed, barely above a whisper so not to raise suspicion. \"Or are you too head-over-heels for him to notice?\" \"Basing where he came from off his scent is ridiculous! He's from the city anyhow, not from the rosebush. \"She retorted. \"How on earth did you meet that oddball anyway?\" Elizabeth shrugged and offered a weak smile. \"He saved my life, and I saved his. I call it fate. I know he may seem a little odd, but you have to give him a chance Auntie Shrew.\" Elizabeth cupped her hands together in a pleading motion. Auntie Shrew huffed. \"But he is so strange; I don't see what you see in him!\" Her voice grew in volume as she continued to rant. \"I mean look at him; he's too tall, too lanky, and his eyes are too close together on top of everything else!\" Outside, Jon could hear what Auntie Shrew had said. \"Hey!\" \"I see someone who is kind, sensitive, caring and funny, and I like how tall he is.\" Elizabeth replied with a hushed laugh, watching the skulking figure in the doorway cross his arms and huff comically, hearing him grumble ' my eyes are not close together.' \"And, I think he is 'The One', Auntie.\" She mumbled, just loud enough for the Shrew to hear. \"You can't know that yet, dear.\" Auntie Shrew sighed, taking on a motherly tone. \"He is your first love.\" \"That's where you're wrong.\" Elizabeth said, placing a hand on her chest. \"I feel it every time he looks at me; I feel it in my heart, he looks at me like I'm a person, I look deep into his eyes and I can see just how much he cares for me. I believe in one true love Auntie, I know we were meant to be.\" She looked up towards the door once more, Jon was shifting uneasily on his feet, glancing around until he peered back inside meeting her gaze; Jon smiled warmly and waved. Elizabeth returned it with her own smile. \"Has he told you how he feels for you yet?\" \"No, not yet, but soon; I can feel it.\" Auntie Shrew simply sighed, lightly shaking her head. \"Oh child, I can see there's no changing your mind, you are hopelessly lost. I'll give the boy another chance, for your sake.\" She came to stand next to Elizabeth, eyeing Jon in the doorway. \"Brisby, get in here before you catch a cold!\" Auntie Shrew barked, before disappearing into another room of her home to make some tea. Jon stood motionless, disbelief evident on his face as he looked towards Elizabeth for some confirmation. She laughed and nodded, motioning for him it was safe to come in. wide-eyed as a baby deer, Jon cautiously made his way inside to her side. He still looked nervous and ready to dart for the door, so Elizabeth reached for his hand once more, with their palms together; she slowly slid her dainty fingers between his and held onto his hand loosely. He visibly relaxed, giving her a sideways glance and a warm smile. She wrapped her arms around his, and pulled him deeper into Auntie Shrews home. \"Auntie Shrew, I would like to introduce you to my very close friend; Jonathan Brisby.\" Jonathan and Elizabeth walked in pleasant silence from Auntie Shrew's home, parallel to the setting sun. Jon was pleasantly taken aback at the quite sudden change Auntie Shrew had taken; despite the still overwhelming feeling he was going to be struck over the head with a cane, it was a civil and cool late afternoon meal with a neighbor. \"That was awkward.\" \"Yep, that was painfully awkward.\" They shared a laugh under the sunset. Their hands found each other once more. \"So the million dollar question has to be asked.\" Jon started, glancing towards Elizabeth. \"What did you tell Aunt Shrew that made her not want to hit me over the head with her cane?\" Elizabeth shrugged, with a wry smile. \"I told her exactly what I wanted to hear.\" \"And what was that?\" Jon continued. \"Not sure, but I'm hoping to hear it soon.\" Jon had no idea how to respond to that comment, except nod and fall into silence. He had a feeling what it could be, but he couldn't be completely sure. Yes he believed, not deep down but almost bursting to the top, that he absolutely and without question, loved Elizabeth; but he feared if it was too early to say how he felt, he had the slightest clue when it would be appropriate. Last thing he wanted to do was push her away because she wasn't ready. The rock that shadowed Elizabeth's home loomed over the path ahead of them, a black precipice bathed in faded orange light as the sky gave way to a black and clear starry night. \"Wow, I bet that's a wonderful place to stargaze from.\" Jon mused. \"It sure is.\" Elizabeth sighed, leaning her head against his shoulder. Jon could sense the change in mood from Elizabeth, dammit I promised myself to never see her like that again, and I'm failing miserably on that promise. Jon looked towards the rock again, and began to formulate a plan in his head. He cracked a smile. \"Hey Elizabeth, are you up for some stargazing?\" Jon asked, full of hopeful optimism. \"Sure.\" Elizabeth replied. They walked in unison past the winter home, its windows dark and the fireplace still cold. Rounding the side of the home, they found themselves standing at the base of the rock, looking up a steep embankment. Jon let out a low whistle. \"It looks a lot steeper than I thought it would be.\" Jon looked down at Elizabeth; strangely she gave the steep embankment an underwhelmed look. \"Are you up for scaling this thing or…\" \"Oh Jon, you forget; I've lived here for most of my life.\" She gave him a coy look before bounding up the rock with practiced grace, avoiding slick spots without a good foothold and reaching the top without so much as a falter. Jon felt his jaw go slack as she stopped at the top and crossed her arms and sat down on her haunches. She gave him a flirtatious look and called down to him. \"And just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I don't know my way around, I am a field mouse after all.\" Jon couldn't help but shake his head and chuckle. \"Well, shame on me for thinking that.\" \"Indeed.\" She called down to him. She beckoned him up with a curling finger. \"Get up here city-slicker!\" Jon continued to be pleasantly surprised about Elizabeth; she was girly, loving, funny and caring; but she was also fiercely independent and spoke her mind. He couldn't help but compare the huge differences between Grace and Elizabeth; Grace was dependant and fragile, Elizabeth being the polar opposite while still being strikingly beautiful. And boy did he like it. \"Alright, now you've issued a challenge; here I come!\" With a look of determination, with his tongue sticking out between his lips, he tackled the slope, borrowing Elizabeth's strategy of bounding in a zigzag pattern to find the best footholds; he made his way up towards the top. Elizabeth had to stifle laughing aloud, watching the much less graceful Jonathan fumble a few times but continue with incredible determination, with a final jump and a grunt he clawed his way to her position, markedly more winded than she. With as much dignity he could muster he stood tall, tugging on his vest to fix it and smiling, showing he had good sense of humor towards the situation. \"I made it; not bad eh?\" holding back his own laughter. \"No, not bad at all, could use a little refinement though.\" She giggled. \"Hey, in my defense the highest thing I had to climb in the city was a curb, and that was ten times easier than this!\" He burst into spouts of laughter between puffs of breath, lifting the floodgates for Elizabeth to chime in at his expense. \"Well I'll help you work on that.\" Elizabeth added as she slowly began to recover from laughing. \"Ooh?\" Jon began to fake an accent, narrowing his eyes. \"I learn the art of country bumpkin from master? I would be honored sensei!\" Elizabeth burst into another round of laughter as Jon stood next to her and bowed. \"Please accept me as your pupil master! I wish to learn the art of 'Bumpkin-do'!\" \"What on earth-?\" Elizabeth wheezed, struggling to breathe from laughter and wiping tears from her eyes. \"What are you talking about?!\" \"Pff, I don't know.\" Jon slipped back into his normal voice and shrugged. \"Just being myself.\" \"Well don't change it.\" Elizabeth sighed in content. \"It's funny, and I like it.\" She turned to face him and wrapped her arms around his waist, Jon pulled her close. As Jon gazed deep into her eyes, the wonderful blue hue reflected the starry night. \"Where have you been most of my life?\" Jon let the words slide without thinking, immediately wishing he had redacted his statement. Way too forward! He cursed himself. Without missing a heartbeat, Elizabeth whispered back with a smile. \"Looking for you.\" A pop echoed in the night sky, Jon hearing it first, flicked his ears in the direction. Another pop followed, and then another, until just over the horizon, an explosion of red, green and purple colored dots filled the night sky before quickly fading and being replaced with another brightly colored explosion. Elizabeth gasped. \"Oh, look at the colors!\" \"Wow, I had no idea it was the fourth of July already!\" Jon murmured. \"What's that?\" Elizabeth asked. \"It's this celebration the humans have every year, they light those things called 'Fireworks' at night and they shoot up into the air.\" Jon, speaking with his hands, made a motion of a firework flying into the sky and detonating, accompanied with an explosion noise with his mouth. \"I think humans have some kind of fascination with pretty explosions.\" Jon chuckled as he wrapped his arms back around Elizabeth. She chuckled at his theatrics. \"Well, as long as they don't come any closer, I'm alright with watching the fireworks.\" Unconsciously she held Jon a little tighter, resting her head against his chest and watching the show within the safety of his embrace, listening to the pop of the distant fireworks and seeing the brilliant colors paint the sky. Jon simply watched the colors with her, a fuzzy feeling building in his stomach as his thoughts turned to the warm being that pressed a little closer to him. He stopped watching the fireworks, he now watched Elizabeth, her blue eyes illuminating each time the fireworks went off with the vibrant greens and purples. Her light brown fur glowing different colors with the fireworks; one color, a deep red, filled the sky. She immediately lit up and gasped. \"Beautiful!\" She breathed. Say it. The fireworks display gradually began to slow, until only a couple at a time flew into the night. Elizabeth moaned in sadness. \"Does that mean they're almost over?\" She turned to Jon with a look of sadness. \"No way; they haven't even had the finale yet!\" Jon replied confidently. \"That was way too wimpy to be the finale.\" Say it, you dolt. \"I'll take your word for it that was wimpy.\" She agreed. A single streak of light shot into the darkened sky before disappearing, exploding into bright ball of red with a large purple ring surrounding it, the firework faded, but not before dissolving into white sparkles. \"That was pretty.\" Elizabeth whispered. \"Not as pretty as you.\" Jon commented. Before she could reply, Jon blurted \"I love you—\" Jon immediately bit his tongue and covered his mouth. Fear filled his eyes as Elizabeth's ear twitched; she looked up at him with big blue eyes, unreadable in the dark. She saw the fear of what he said in his eyes. Another firework shot into the sky. Elizabeth smiled up at him warmly. \"That's what I've been waiting to hear Jonathan Brisby.\" Jon's heart stopped in his chest, she didn't push him away! She jumped up, wrapping her arms around his neck and began giggling into his neck. \"I almost said it first because I thought you'd never say it!\" Her words were muffled against his fur. \"I love you too.\" Jon could feel his soul fill with complete happiness, he began laughing while struggling to hold tears of joy back; no more doubts, no more fear, everything suddenly became right in the world. A weight lifted itself from his mind, never would he experience any fear with her again, no more apprehension, and most of all; no more loneliness. It had all become clear, the clearest it had been in a long time. With Elizabeth still tightly holding on to his neck, Jon scooped her up and began spinning and laughing, their twin laughter echoing into the night air. \"God you don't know how happy that makes me!\" Jon nearly cried. \"I could just…just kiss you right now!\" Elizabeth loosened her grip and came face to face with him. \"Then why don't you then?\" She suggested with a quirked brow. Jon's heart raced, but he grinned big and leaned in taking the offer. \"Then why don't I?\" He whispered. \"Don't miss.\" She coolly quipped, leaning in with him. \"Yeah, that would be my luck…\" Elizabeth cupped his face, and sliding her hands behind his jaw, and eagerly helped guide him in. As they're lips meshed, the grand fireworks finale started behind them. The sky filled with colors and sound, time seemed to stop for only a moment, allowing the two young lovers a complete blissful moment with each other, Elizabeth being held comfortably aloft in Jon's arms. As the small eternity passed between them, the need for oxygen became too great, and slowly they departed. Elizabeth was the first to open her eyes, gazing lovingly into Jon's closed eyelids as she rested her head against his, as he remained frozen in lip-lock a moment longer before breaking into a smile, and in a low tone said, \"Bulls-eye.\" With his eyes still closed in bliss. Elizabeth smiled and stifled a giggle, both of them turning back to watch the finale in each other's arms. Author's Note: I think, ending it right here is good. So, to answer the guest review a couple days ago; Yes. I would've totally answered you sooner...but I can't, because, well; your a guest! As much as I wanted to, I just couldn't. \"So, you'll just have to wait until the next chapter comes out,\" I told myself...So here's your answer! On the note of reviews; you people need to lay off; these demands for updates is smothering me and causing a lot of frustration, I need some space! ...I'm kidding, it's really cool to hear people are actually excited to see what happens (All... 1,700 of you.) but on a slightly serious note; the encouraging words are awesome, but I am hoping for some 'reviews', I'm interested to hear what you have to say about the chapters; the content, the quality, problems, all of that (But don't just say it sucks, don't be that guy.). I'm looking for ways to improve my writing, advice is awesome as well, don't be afraid to PM with helpful tips. Well, that's it for this chapter, it's put in the system. For those interested about more scroll down, for those who don't give a -Blam-!, thanks for reading and stick around. Guest Calypso So, to be brutally honest to the six people who did read on; this story pretty much landed in hiatus the moment 'Seize the Day' was posted, I just never bothered to put anything on the description. I won't give an excuse like 'my cat died' or 'chores at home are stupid.' Suffice it to say; I took the story too personal after that chapter...Now I'm over it, simple as that. Nothing more, nothing less. Also, I know it says they met in late summer, but with the Fourth of July coming up, I couldn't resist screwing with time. Really, this story is so inconsistent with time, does it really matter anyway? And plus, I think it became more romantic under the rainbow colors of fireworks, instead of a dark and starry night... So, uncharacteristically chatty note over, expect the next chapter's to be long as we near the conclusion. The magic number is '3', that sounds like a good number to me for remaining chapters to this story. I'll touch on Jon and Elizabeth's deepening relationship, him becoming a father...and the inevitably tragic, awful and just all- around- suck that will be, the ending of his life. Anyway, happy Fourth of July everyone, and don't I hope you don't spend the festivities alone. Even if you aren't from America or don't celebrate it, light some sparklers and throw some fireworks in the air anyway; they're pretty, and everyone loves a good 'splosion! Stick around. The Guest Calypso.[Chapter 22] Chapter 21: What is…Part Uno. The sun shone through the small circular window, a single golden concentrated beam of light pierced the darkness of night that still lingered in the room, forcing it back into the shadows where it belonged. As the sun continued its ascent over the softly rolling hills in its endless pattern, the beam of light edged lower along the adjacent wall, gliding across the empty space on a large mattress, until the sun was high enough in the sky for the sunlight to bathe a sleeping figure in its golden aura. The warmth of the sun upon the figures' eyelids and exposed arms caused her to stir from her slumber. With a cautious lift of an eyelid, the sun greeted the deep blue of her eye; she blinked and then smiled, welcoming the sun like a close friend. Rolling away from the sun, Elizabeth yawned, while at the same time stretched her arms and legs, then sat up. She slid out from under the covers; barely making a sound as she stood then stretched her back, taking in a deep breath permeated with the smells of a morning late-summer day. The smells of dew and earth, grasses and blooming flowers, promised a day full of wonderment and intrigue for those willing to look for it. She finished stretching, taking an energetic step towards the doorway and emerging into the living room brimming with joy. She almost called out, when she heard the faintest sounds of someone deep in sleep resonating from a mound of blankets on the couch. She smiled; the man of her dreams was deep within his own dreams, lightly snoring from under the blankets, the only thing not covered was his head and his right arm, which protruded from over the side of the couch, palm up. Elizabeth moved from behind the couch until she was situated looking down onto Jonathan's face. She couldn't help but warmly smile at Jonathan as his nose, lip then arm twitched, one after the other. That's when she noticed a white mark on his outstretched hand; a large dark-grey mark that ran across his lighter grey palm horizontally. She tilted her head quizzically; she had never noticed it before. It didn't look like a birth-mark, more like a scar, a once deep and painful looking cut that had clean edges instead of jagged ones. She winced; it definitely looked as though it did hurt whenever it had happened. She would have to ask Jon about that when he awoke. Now though, she was going to make some breakfast for herself. Noticing Jon's favorite vest was hanging off the back of the couch, Elizabeth carefully and swiftly took it from its position, draping it over her slender shoulders. It was a little larger in the shoulder for her frame, and it was a little over the base of her tail in length, but it was comfortable and warm. Plus it had Jon's scent, which she just couldn't get enough of, and she would have to settle for its warming embrace until the owner woke from his sleep to give her the true embrace. To entice Jon to wake a little sooner, she couldn't resist running a tender hand though the fur on his head a couple times; despite being long in length and unkempt, it was soft near his skull, the ends were hopelessly split. Typical man, never any good at grooming themselves, Elizabeth quietly chuckled. He stirred ever so slightly to her touch, the low rumble of snores lessened, unconsciously snapping his overhanging hand closed before relaxing once again, falling into a lesser state of sleep, Jon was now breathing deeply. The smell of cooking ingredients shortly filled the air, drawing Jon farther out of sleep. With a deep sigh he rolled over and took in the scent, then quietly sat up, letting the world slowly come into focus. Clattering of metal-ware drew his attention to the fireplace, where he smiled warmly seeing Elizabeth working diligently on something over the fire. \"That smells wonderful. \" Jon muttered, groggy from sleep, but never removing his eyes from her. \"Oh hey, you're awake!\" Elizabeth looked up from the fire with a wide smile, eyes full of energy as she bounded over to him, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck. \"How did you sleep darling?\" \"Like a baby.\" He yawned quietly, covering his mouth with a free hand. \"I was having this wonderful dream too.\" He added. \"Oh?\" Elizabeth asked, loosening her grip and taking a small step back, to meet his hazel gaze. \"Do tell.\" \"It's funny; there was this beautiful mouse cooking this wonderful smelling breakfast, wearing my vest.\" He said tugging on one side to adjust its set on her small frame, unintentionally pulling her close once again. \"And she was so beautiful in my dream; I don't dare want to wake up and have it end, because she would be lost to me.\" \"But you are awake, dear.\" She said softly. \"You're not dreaming anymore.\" He pondered her words for a moment before coming up with a reply. \"Funny, I could have sworn I was still asleep; because the girl of my dreams is standing before me just as I had described her.\" Jon cooed with a grin of his own, giving her a quick peck on the cheek, causing her to softly laugh at the quick and tender action. \"I think that was an incredibly romantic thing to say about me, if just a little hard to follow.\" Elizabeth said between laughter. \"You are the girl of my dreams.\" Jon simplified with a smile, delivering another quick peck that made Elizabeth giggle. \"So.\" Jonathan said, pulling her close once again. \"What's the plan for today after your breakfast?\" \"After our breakfast, you mean?\" Elizabeth tapped a finger against her bottom lip, draping an arm around his neck as she allowed to be pulled closer. \"Well, we are low on food supplies; we will need to go foraging…\" \"Foraging?\" Jon asked. \"Yes, foraging.\" Elizabeth reiterated. \"Surely you must have done that in the city?\" She said with a coy smile. Jonathan made a face. \"In the city it had another name; 'collecting' I think, it's the same concept right?\" \"You will just have to see for yourself!\" She cryptically answered. \"Now I know you don't want to hear it, but you have to let me go tend to breakfast before it burns.\" Jonathan made another face, close to pouting, and reluctantly released her from his embrace. She smiled at his seemingly child-like reaction, giving him a peck on the forehead between his eyes, but not before catching a wink from Jonathan, before gliding back into the kitchen. Her tail protruding from under the over-sized garment that Jonathan had an affinity for. Jonathan sat on the couch a moment longer, simply grinning at Elizabeth as she stirred a pot hanging above the small fire. His blue vest hung loosely on her form, the cut-off just after the shoulder hung over hers, the sewn on hood that usually only went as far as his neck when he wore it, hung between her shoulder blades. Jonathan cupped his chin, analyzing every detail. Elizabeth glanced back into the living room, turning as she did so. She smiled warmly at him from under the vest before turning her focus back to her cooking. That will never do. Jonathan thought to himself; the vest dwarfed her and seemed cumbersome, even if she looked incredibly beautiful in it, especially if she insisted on wearing it a lot more. I'll have to think of something more suited for her… Jonathan stretched his arms above his head and grunted, causing his chest to puff out as he inhaled and held it, before exhaling loudly and relaxing once more. He stood, making his way towards the kitchen to sit down once more at the table, all the while his mind tried to picture something that would suit Elizabeth. The more the debated different articles of clothing, a slow realization began to dawn; he was no good at stitching or knitting, remembering a time when he tried to fix his old multi-colored sweatshirt years ago and managed to sew the sleeve he managed to rip off back into place, but he had also accidently sewn the sleeve closed, on both ends. He realized he wouldn't be able to make anything without any help, and the only way he could do that without letting Elizabeth know what he was planning, was to return to the Rosebush. He frowned as he quietly sat down in the make-shift chair at the table, mulling it over more in his head. He hadn't been to the Rosebush in weeks truthfully, and wasn't entirely sure what his reception would be. True he had informed Nicodemus what he had decided to do, and surprisingly Nicodemus gave his blessings and wished the best of luck, but it seemed to be…rushed, or hollow. Jonathan made it his point to always be close by to assist in any matter that needed attention, most notably the Plan, but he had heard absolutely nothing from them. Had they moved? The only way he would know was to sneak out, as much as he hated to, and poke his head in the Rosebush. Unbeknownst to Jonathan, Elizabeth had finished breakfast and deposited a piping hot plate in front of him and pulled a chair next to his. When she noticed he remained staring off into the distance even after she thought that she had engaged him in conversation. \"Jonathan?\" Elizabeth softly spoke to him. Jonathan remained staring off into nothing, seemingly unable to peel his gaze away from whatever he saw. \"Jonathan, is everything all right?\" She said softly again, lightly nudging him this time. This seemed to pull him from his reverie, causing the light to return back to his eyes. He turned to her and blinked. \"Hm, what's the matter?\" Jonathan said absently. \"I should ask you the same thing.\" She said with some concern. \"What's on your mind dear?\" He raised his eyebrows and quizzically mumbled. Jonathan then realized he had been spacing, too occupied with his thoughts. \"Oh, sorry about that, I was thinking is all.\" He said with a small smile. \"What about?\" Elizabeth tilted her head, curiosity in her blue gaze. Oh how Jonathan wanted to tell her everything; what had happened to him and his adoptive family within the Rosebush. He wanted to say all the things that plagued his mind. But he held his tongue. He dared not speak of the demons that followed him, lest they terrify and scare Elizabeth away; would she even be able to understand what the humans had changed about him? Could it even be possible for her to grasp the whole thing? And finally; would it frighten her if she could understand? Or couldn't understand? Jonathan found himself swimming in his thoughts again, Elizabeth never broke her gaze, instead concern got more and more apparent as the silence continued and Jonathan was lost to his mind. That gaze alone, however, pulled him back to planet earth. He finally smiled a full genuine smile at her. She answered with her own smile, though of worry. Why would he burden her, a regular field mouse, with these problems that were probably completely beyond her comprehension anyway? She was simple, but far from unintelligent; she was incredibly intelligent in her own way, as was Jonathan in his own way. All though they may have been worlds apart, they found common ground in each other. How he wished to be a simple mouse once again and not what he had become. He locked away everything that concerned NIMH at this moment in time and finally answered her. \"Sorry about that, I was just thinking is all, about everything that has happened to me in these last few weeks, and how I was so lucky to meet you.\" This caused Elizabeth to blush, enough to be seen from under her fur. \"You flatterer.\" She whispered, giving his shoulder a playful shove. \"Are you sure everything is okay?\" \"Of course love.\" He answered with confidence. \"Thank you for breakfast, I'm famished!\" This caused Elizabeth to laugh, and Jonathan began to dig in to his plate, occasionally stealing a little morsel from Elizabeth's plate when he thought she wasn't looking. She saw however, and stole morsels of her own from his plate in rebuttal. And so the war had begun. \"How goes the foraging?\" Jonathan kept adjusting the heavy satchel that was slung over his shoulder, grumbling from the sweat on his brow. \"What do you mean by foraging? If you mean finding rocks and dirt, I found plenty of that!\" He huffed and un-slung the heavy bag, it hit the ground with a thud. \"I think, in my honest opinion, I'm no good at this.\" A light brown mouse emerged from the grass behind him. She too had a satchel in her hands, filled to the brim with odd little seeds and berries, carefully and securely packed into the bag. She sighed in defeat, and made her way over to him. \"How on earth have you survived this long on your own, is far beyond me.\" She said, setting her cache next to his. Jonathan looked down at the two different satchels with envy; while his was mostly empty, a couple rocks and one sunflower seed poked out of it, Elizabeth's seemed filled to the brim with many succulent looking snacks. She wiped her brow and sighed. \"Well, let's take a little break here in the shade, well, I need a break.\" She sat down onto the ground in the shade, Jonathan, a little ashamed and embarrassed, joined her hesitantly. She saw his obvious defeat, and leaned her head on his shoulder when he sat down and got situated. \"Don't take it so hard, Jon.\"She soothed. \"I still love you.\" \"I know.\" Jonathan grumbled. \"But how can you with how useless I am! I want to get the hang of this quickly if I'm going to start carrying my weight around in this relationship.\" Elizabeth fell silent at his words. How strange she thought, that Jonathan had little to no experience foraging. It was, she thought, a built in survival mechanism. How does one not have the common knowledge differentiating between a seed and a rock? This bade an interesting question in her mind; why was Jonathan so knowledgeable in the ways of humans, but not so much in the ways of his owns species? Elizabeth decided to prod, seeing as Jonathan was relaxing and no longer skulking at his empty bag. \"Was it like this in the city for you?\" Elizabeth asked, before hastily adding, \"I-if you don't mind talking about it, that is…\" Jonathan, taken off guard by the seemingly out of the blue question, had a thoughtful frown on his face for a moment before smiling at Elizabeth. \"Its fine, I don't have a problem talking about it. I have nothing but the truth to offer!\" Jonathan immediately regretted saying that, and berated himself. There were some truths he wasn't ever going to feel comfortable about talking to anyone, even her. He realized just how double sided what he had said really was. He decided quickly, to return back to Elizabeth's question before she noticed the sour expression he made at his own lie. \"It was, different, in the city; humans are not the neatest creatures in the world. They threw out waste into these big metal cans called 'garbage bins' almost every day, some to the point of overflowing, and another thing to know about humans is, they are very picky eaters; more often than not you could find completely untouched scraps.\" He sighed. \"That's why I call it collecting, there wasn't any real need to go foraging, and it was mostly readily available just outside the den.\" \"It's sounds easy to live in the city.\" Elizabeth observed. \"Eh…\" Jonathan shrugged. \"It was still tough; don't get me wrong, mouse traps and poison were everywhere, sometimes things would get a little…\" Jonathan frowned, remembering an instance from his childhood that, surprisingly, he still remembered. \"Hectic.\" Elizabeth picked up on the dry response Jonathan gave after his speech. Overcome by curiosity, and remembering the scar on his hand, she cautiously pressed on. \"What do you mean by that? If you don't mind me asking…\" Jonathan answered, by putting his arm around her and drawing her closer. God, this is getting too close to the truth. He said to himself. He had to, now be as truthful as he dared. How it killed him to lie like this to her, oh how cruel can fate be! \"Humans are…well can be, incredibly awful creatures. Some just see us as vermin that simply need to be crushed underfoot; others are simply scared of us because they assume we all carry debilitating diseases.\" Jon grimaced, for what he would say next was almost too close to home. \"Or, one more for good measure, they see us as test subjects; something to poke and prod with needles and write things down on clipboards for.\" Jonathan unconsciously began to rub with his free hand, the spot on his stomach where he received his injections, all those years ago. \"Is that what happened to your hand; the humans were afraid of you?\" Jonathan looked down upon his palm on his right hand, down by Elizabeth's side, with a forlorn gaze. She followed his eyes down to his hand down at her side. \"Yes, that's it.\" He muttered. \"They are afraid of us, as we are afraid of them.\" Elizabeth remained silent, instead she wrapped both her hands around Jon's single one, and squeezed. Jon squeezed in return. She looked up, into the eyes' of the mouse that had stolen her heart. With a soft smile, she gazed into those hazel eyes that were so full of sullen experiences and anguish. \"I'm not afraid of you, Jonathan Brisby.\" Jon gazed back at Elizabeth; a warm smile began to grow as he swam within those deep blue oceans, so clear of any impurities. The best part was he could now forever swim there in that place of tranquility, for as long as she allowed him to do so without shame. The extended eye-contact would make Elizabeth blush profusely, since she wasn't used to such attention from anyone, but it wasn't unwanted attention, and she would eventually get used to it. \"Thanks, it means a lot coming from you, Hon.\" \"Hon, that's a new one.\" Elizabeth inquired, tapping her chin with a thoughtful expression. \"Where did that come from?\" Jon, for the first time in a while, felt his face turn red under his fur. \"Ah, well, I'm not sure. It just kind of slipped out.\" \"I don't mind it.\" She said softly. \"It's sweet.\" At that moment, Elizabeth smiled. \"And it's been a while since I've seen you blush like that.\" \"Well…\" Jon muttered, feeling more heat rush to his face. Elizabeth began to laugh, giving him a quick hug before jumping to her feet, happy and giddy with the way things had turned out, which was a lot better than how the day had begun. \"Come on you, we still have all afternoon, we're burning daylight!\" Elizabeth offered Jon a hand up, whom he took up the offer and bounded to his feet. What Jon wasn't counting on, was his toes to dig into the soil, causing him to fumble forwards. Instinctually, he held Elizabeth's hand firmly as he felt himself fall forwards towards her, she yelped in surprise as she found herself falling backwards with Jon towering above, the slightest hint of sheer terror on his face of the impending fall possibly crushing her. She threw her free hand around his neck. Jon, thinking quickly, took a sizeable step forward with his left foot to stop his fall, throwing his free arm behind Elizabeth to stop her from hitting the solid earth, and immediately steadying by firmly placing the other foot on the other side of Elizabeth, coming to complete stop mere centimeters off the ground. The predicament that they now found themselves in looked like a messy attempt at an elegant swoon in a dance routine. Within the following silence, all that could be heard was the short and frantic breathing of Jon and Elizabeth, nose to nose and wide-eyed with surprise. \"That was all planned.\" Jonathan proclaimed smoothly, a sly grin slowly growing on his face as the initial fear of the moment passed. Elizabeth softly laughed. \"Of course it was.\" She said, relaxing her death grip on Jon's neck. \"It didn't seem like you were going to bowl me over or drop me at all!\" She joked, gently patting the tuft of fur that was taken out of place from her grip with a nervous hand. Jon's mind was running on the fuel of the moment, still feeling the slight surge of adrenaline still within his bloodstream, he hardly felt her hand behind his neck, his heart decided it was time to speak before the filter in his mind regained control.\"You know I would never hurt you.\" Jon stated softly. \"And I would never let you fall Elizabeth, I would never let you go, no matter what.\" Elizabeth felt her heart soar, and shock flood her mind. What Jonathan had said, was possibly the most romantic thing he had ever said—taking first over the 'girl of his dreams' line from earlier in the day. From the soft smile on his face, to his hazel eyes gazing deeply back into her blue ones, it was the complete truth, straight from his heart. She remained silent, for what seemed to be a small eternity, analyzing those words before a grin began to show itself. Never had anyone showed so many feelings for her, ever. Though she had felt love before, it was nothing more than parental affection; the affection of someone other than a family member was still a foreign concept, even after the few weeks Jon and Elizabeth had spent together. The flattering comments made her blush profusely, as she wasn't used to the attention yet, but it wasn't un-wanted. Jon, being outside of Elizabeth's racing mind, could only see the shocked expression and mild shade of pink that began to flood her cheeks. For a split second Jon felt doubt pierce his thoughts, you've struck her silent! That hasn't happened before. Maybe that was too much? Immediately he pushed it away, only for it to be replaced with fear, what if it was too much? I mean, I was pretty smooth with what I said this morning, and she took that well. A defeated sigh almost slipped out of his mouth; instead he managed to make the frown turn into a smile, a very hopeful smile. It was the truth after all, and if Jon couldn't bring himself to be completely truthful to tell what he was or where he came from, then he could at least be completely honest with his feelings. I swear, if she doesn't shove me away, I'm marrying her. \"Is, is everything all right Elizabeth?\" Jon asked as the seconds agonizingly ticked by, but he dare not stop smiling or break eye-contact, his rapidly beating heart wouldn't allow it. Quietly, she answered him. Her face still red, Elizabeth slipped her hand from Jon's, letting it join the other behind his neck while Jon's now free hand move behind her, comfortably cradling her within his arms. With a flicker of nervousness, Elizabeth edged forward, her nose and Jon's brushing each other's fur, as she meshed her lips with his within a tender kiss. And like the night on the fourth of July, the fireworks fired off all at once in a grandeur finale. Despite that unforgettable night, they had not taken to passionate kisses yet. The two novice lovers had grown accustomed to having constant physical contact, along with the occasional peck on the cheek, but the more intimate kisses were still a little awkward to them, however they still experimented with improving upon their technique once or twice since that night, with little improvement. This incredible connection of affection that they found themselves in however, did not feel awkward. It felt right. It felt perfect in every way. Jon couldn't believe the rush, despite everything that raced in his mind, most notably if he had maybe 'laid the charm on too thick', had but all faded into nothing. Instead, his mind flushed away all the doubt, fear and worry, everything else had become background white-noise as his mind focused on nothing but Elizabeth; the feel of her short pink nose tickling his cheek, the feeling of her arms around his neck in a loving embrace. The incredible sensation of her tender, soft, warm lips upon his own alone was enough for the world around them to fade into obscurity. Everything else as they say, was icing on the cake. For what felt like an eternity, an eternity that didn't last long enough to either of them, they remained in the 'perfectly planned' swoon. Racing hearts and red eared. For once, Jon couldn't remember anything about NIMH, his trials and tribulations he had suffered through or anything remotely relevant. All there was that raced through his mind, was Elizabeth, and how incredible she made him feel. And all that raced through her mind, was how incredible Jonathan made her feel. They both shared something only lovers had ever experienced and others could hope to understand themselves, and that feeling was; to be loved, to be wanted. To know that in the dark and cruel world that they reside in, that there was someone out there that could shine a light into the darkness, to know that someone cared enough to help shoulder your burdens, to lift you up and call you special, to include you in their universe. To love you for whom you are. Regretfully and all too soon, their lips parted, Elizabeth being the first to break the spell set upon them. With heavy eyelids, she looked up into the eyes of the mouse that had stolen her heart that beat furiously within her chest. Jon, still being hypnotized within its thrall, had failed to open his eyes. Oxygen had taken a back seat; the only thing Jon wanted more than the life giving air needed to survive, was to never break from the trance, the spell of her kiss. As she slowly broke away, Jon followed her motion, still puckered until the air filled with the softest giggling, breaking his trance when he broke into a grin, lightly bumping her nose with his own. Finally then, did he open his eyes. There were those blue flawless pearls again; large, full of life, love and innocence; somehow the black of her large pupils made the dark hue of blue of the pearls seem a darker blue. Jon knew his eyes were doing the same, though nowhere near as mesmerizing, free of any burdens or near as incredible. But, he hoped, they contained as much, or more, love within them for her. He knew in his heart how much he loved Elizabeth, but was it possible to project it? He wished it was, maybe then, just maybe, she could understand how much she meant to him; more than NIMH, more than the rats, and more than the world. A sweet smile, a peck on the cheek, Elizabeth pulled herself close; her head rested on his broad shoulder. Jon held her closer in his arms. To Jon, she had never been this close, this warm within his arms, his heart this close to her own. \"I'm more than alright.\" She whispered into his ear. \"I've got you.\" \"And I have you.\" He whispered back. Without another word needed to be said, the silence swallowed them again in its absolution. I'm marrying this girl, that's all there is to it! I'm marrying this girl! That was the singular phrase that stuck with him as him and Elizabeth walked hand and arm entwined, bodies close, walking in-step back to the cinderblock that was now home to two mice. Even still, Jon calling it home made him smile; never had he had a home to call his own. All the places the colony hunkered down in the early days, was simply a 'rest stop', 'compound', or 'camp site' to Jon. Even the Rosebush was nothing more than a pit stop to what he thought he would ultimately call home, Thorn Valley. But even that it seemed, was trivial, to his and Elizabeth's cinderblock. It was their own, no need to create segmented living quarters for more than two. No need to conserve food for a colony. For once in Jon's life, he was allowed to be a little selfish, if just a little bit. And what better way to share it, than with the girl I'm going to marry! The thought rocketed first once again, bringing a smile to his face. Marriage was a concept he found most fascinating, of all the little things that humans had partaken of; to take the hand of a significant other, slip a ring onto the appropriately named ring finger, then declare their love to each other under a pale moonlight, it a perfect symbol of how much two people cared for each other. Or at least, that's how the movies did it. The rats also loved the concept of marriage, adopting it themselves over the old fashion term of 'Mates'. Though the rats didn't shun most of their animalistic tendencies after their alterations and eventual escape, most just found that, when around humans for long enough, they started adopting their mannerisms and giving them their own spin, making marriage into their own unique and special event. Most of the younger rats, especially the ones born after the escape, found the term 'marriage' to be more formal and clean—better sounding- compared to the term 'Mates', which to some sounded too animalistic, too 'Feral'. Some would go so far as to say barbaric. However a large majority of the older rats still used 'mates' in reference to a paired couple in casual conversation. Though most just shrug at the difference in wording, it was agreed that both words more or less had the same meaning when used in context. It was just easier to accept that some habits just never change, and there was no need to split hairs. Jon like the term 'marriage' himself, seeing how he had more in common with humans than he would have liked; just looking down at his arms and noting how he no longer considered or called the appendages attached to his wrists 'paws' anymore, they were now referred to as hands. He had thumbs, four fingers and no pads, but still possessed sharp claws that were, unfortunately, short and dull thanks to a nervous habit of chewing them. Despite that one glaring difference, and the fur, he had shirked the 'paw' and upgraded to the more formal term 'hand'. And yet another bit of his 'animalism' was lost to the treacheries of NIMH. He was more worried however, of what Elizabeth would think of it. He was more than sure she considered them 'mates', because that's the only way she has ever known or heard it called. He found himself pondering of what she would think of marriage; would she find it strange that he would give her some little trinket, take his last name—if she wanted—and in conversation relay to herself and him as 'husband and wife?' Of course, to him the 'trinket' would mean more than just some physical object, he wanted it to be something so much more, something that Elizabeth also saw as something more than an object, but something that showed how much they meant to each other wrapped into a little physical entity. Though nothing physical could portray how much love and caring Jon had for Elizabeth, if something captured just a sliver of what he felt, it would be something physical that they could hold on to and cherish forever. But what would work? Onward they had walked in peaceful silence, but Jon's thoughts raged on loudly. The same question still raging through his head; what would work? What would compliment her personality, her beauty? He glanced down at Elizabeth; she was so perfect, with her eyes closed and head resting on his shoulder, the faintest glimmer of a smile on her lips. Her hand intertwined with his, holding them close at her side, holding her close, she seemed completely at peace and happy. He started with the obvious choice; a ring. Would a ring work? No, he couldn't picture the hand within his bearing a simple ring. It just wasn't enough! What about an earring? No, too gaudy; she wasn't into flashy material things, and it would be much too easy to lose or misplace. A necklace or amulet, maybe; a solid gold chain, forged lightly. A gem hanging from it, but what color could the gem possibly be? The more he thought about it, and pictured the golden chain, hung loosely around her neck, a precious stone swaying at her chest, side to side with her natural rhythm as she walked. It almost worked; maybe he could have an amulet and something else to accompany it. For now, he put that idea to the side for later debate. Now, he realized, he was in a faintly familiar place. Jon glanced around his surroundings. \"Huh.\" He muttered. \"What is it?\" Elizabeth asked, lazily opening her eyes and looking at Jon. \"I recognize this place, ever been around here?\" Elizabeth glanced around. \"I have actually, if I remember correctly there is a small cat-tail pool around here somewhere.\" \"That there is.\" Jon commented, doing his best to hide a grin. \"Want to go for a dip before the cold weather ruins that opportunity?\" \"Not really.\" She said quietly. \"I haven't actually been here because something unnerving gets to me around here; the last time I was here I got a creepy feeling that someone was watching me in the water. I feel safe here with you, but I don't dare come this way alone anymore, or go in the water.\" \"Well, I'm here now.\" Jon said. \"Let's go check the place out, and I'll protect you from the shadows.\" He chuckled lightly when Elizabeth playfully shoved Jon's shoulder. \"Plus I want to tell you something about this place.\" He added. Suspiciously Elizabeth followed after the now giddy Jon, a grin on his face that betrayed something more was to it. What could that be? \"O-okay, but only because you're here will I go near it.\" She stated plainly, the slightest hint of a quiver in her tone. \"Trust me Liz, I promise everything is okay.\" Jon reassured with a smile. He offered his hand when he took a step towards the pool, yet she remained rooted to her spot. \"Just, let me explain something that will clear up all of this.\" Hesitantly she slipped her hand into his, and trailing somewhat behind Jon, had entered the small clearing. The pool stood calm, the cat-tails above leaning wistfully to and fro in the breeze above, causing the slightest hint of a ripple on the mirror like surface of water. Jon continued to smile as he approached the water's edge and peered down, not seeming to notice the on-edge appearance of Elizabeth. Instead he sat down on the bank, lowering his legs into the water and motioning for her to join him. She had, but reluctantly. \"Jon, can you please explain to me why you're not in the least bit nervous?\" Elizabeth whispered into his ear, gripping his arm in an almost vice like hold. \"And you're worrying me; why are you being so vague?\" \"You know the last time I was here.\" Jon started to speak, seeming without acknowledging Elizabeth's worry or what she had said to him. \"I stopped by to get some water for a canteen I was holding; it was a hot summer day and I had been doing some running around, and I desperately needed a refill.\" Elizabeth remained silent, listening without really knowing where Jon was taking the story. So she let him continue. Jon leaned forward, resting his elbows on his legs before taking a deep breath. \"When I got here, I heard some splashing in the water, but didn't know who or what was here. So I got closer while remaining out of sight, just in case it was a bird of prey, or god forbid.\" Jon chuckled. \"That cat Dragon.\" Elizabeth remained silent, now intently listening. \"What I saw when I carefully came around a wall of grass though froze me solid.\" Jon vacantly stared into the sky, a hint of a smile on his lips. \"I wasn't sure what to expect, but what I had seen was the farthest thing from my mind to expect at that time; there was this angel emerging from the water, so perfect, so beautiful, she had captivated me. At that exact time, I fell in love at first sight. I was so entranced; I hadn't even noticed the canteen on my shoulder begin to slide until it was too late.\" Slow realization revealed itself to Elizabeth. Slowly her eyes went wider and wider each passing second as Jon continued to weave his tale. \"I panicked! I grabbed the canteen and hid myself before she noticed. I was so scared to show myself, to profusely apologize about walking in on her; I just remained on the ground terrified that she would find me. I stayed there in the dirt until she left, still too scared to move, to let my presence be known. But I never let myself forget who that angel was, or how much of an impression she left.\" Jon finally turned his attention back to the now stunned Elizabeth with nothing but truth, and a little pleading, in his gaze. \"That day, I had fallen in love with you, Elizabeth. You were that angel that emerged from the water, I am the reason you got the strange feeling here that caused you to leave and never come back until now.\" Then Jon began wringing his hands nervously, his ears turning a shade pink. \"…And I sort of, wanted to apologize to you, about watching you take a bath, on accident…Not that I meant to in the first place or anything! I just wanted some water…\" Jon felt himself trail off at the blank stare Elizabeth was now giving him. Before the expression she had was mild surprise, her mouth slightly open, but now her mouth was closed in a tight line, all surprise was now gone, and she seemed to be bordering on anger. \"E-Elizabeth?\" \"I'm fine Jon.\" She all of a sudden answered. \"Of course I forgive you.\" \"Y-you do?\" Jon asked, almost disbelievingly. \"Of course.\" Elizabeth shrugged. \"It was in the beginning of the year, you didn't know me, and it's all in the past anyway. Let bygones be bygones.\" Whether it was the fact her expression still hadn't changed, or the fact the way she was speaking almost seemed forced, Jon didn't quite believe her, but didn't force the subject anymore; he had felt better about telling her, that's what mattered. That is what mattered, right? Elizabeth stood up, surprising Jon with the sudden movement. She offered her hand when she stood over him. Jon looked into her eyes, but they still didn't betray what she was thinking or how she felt. So with a quick glance at her hand, then back to her gaze, he finally took her hand and cautiously stood. Until he was completely standing and facing Elizabeth, she made no move as he stood on the edge of the bank. \"A-are you sure everything's okay…?\" Push! It all happened so fast he couldn't process exactly what had happened. One moment he was looking down at Elizabeth, the next moment was nothing but blue skies and clouds, then darkness. He felt the slap of water on his back before being enveloped in its cold, wet embrace, the massive splash of water then instinctually flailing his limbs for the surface when the air was pushed from his lungs after becoming submerged. His head broke the surface, eyes wide and mouth open gasping for breath. He failed to get his feet under him on the muddy bottom before stumbling and being submerged again. Second try was more successful, finally getting his footing and standing in the only waist deep water; coughing, sopping wet and just a little humbled. The sorry look of Jonathan with his ears drooping, grey fur on his head dripping over his eyes, shoulders slouched and his drenched sweatshirt barely staying on his shoulders, being burdened with so much water had made Elizabeth chuckle before quickly composing herself and frowning, crossing her arms and trying to appear angry. \"Okay,\" Jonathan coughed; reaching for his shoulder and pulling up his sweatshirt back to its position only to have it slide down again. \"I may have deserved that for not telling you sooner.\" \"You're darn right!\" She cried. \" Now I forgive you for being a peeping Tom, scaring me away from my favorite swimming hole, and not introducing the love of my life a little sooner!\" At her tone Jon winced with every word; all except the last ten; the love of my life? To these words he stood frozen still, unable to form words or move. He shuffled his feet and dropped his gaze, unsure of what to say or do at this point. With defeat, he could only mutter one word. \"S-sorry.\" Elizabeth sighed, before lightening her mood. \"Don't take it so harshly Jon; I'm only having fun with you.\" She leaned forward, offering her hand once more with a smile. \"But because you said it; apology accepted.\" Jon trudged through the water, feeling mildly better, but not by much. Though he still didn't feel right for telling her earlier, he had felt better knowing that it was now out in the open and water could now run under the bridge once more. He reached for her hand once again and climbed up the bank out of the water. Now it was possible to move on, Jon had found himself thinking of a suitable proposal gift once more. What would be appropriate for—. Push! Lightning had struck the same place twice, Jon now finding himself in the same position he was in not moments ago. However this time, he had recovered quickly instead of splashing about like a flounder. Quickly he splashed back to his feet, spitting the mud and water from his mouth and vigorously shaking his head to clear his vision. This time, with a huff of minor annoyance and ears drooping, he threw his arms out. \"What was that for!?\" Only this time, he was stunned to see her rolling on the ground in laughter. She sat up, pushing off the ground with her arms but remaining seated on the ground to meet his furrowed gaze, still giggling as she tried to form the words. \"Now that makes us even!\" She wiped a tear from her eye. \"You saw me take a bath, now I get to see you take two!\" \"Take two?\" Jon asked. \"That doesn't make us even!\" \"Of course it does!\" She answered, still lying on the ground. \"The first one was for peeping; the second was to make it even!\" \"That doesn't make any sense—\"Jon started to say, before falling silent. A dastardly thought began to manifest in his mind. As Elizabeth continued to laugh, Jon quietly made his way to the bank once more, and climbed out. Elizabeth recovered from her laughter, meeting Jon's gaze once more, only to find he had an expression she rarely saw him have; a blank one. He continued to walk towards her, water leaving a trail behind him. \"What, What's that look for?\" She asked wiping her eyes once more of joyful tears. \"You're not mad are you?\" \"Nope,\" Was all Jon said, as he kept walking towards her. \"Not at all, 'dear'.\" \"Then why are you looking at me like that then?\" She asked, now becoming concerned. He was never this hard to read, he still sported the blank expression, but as he came closer, something else began to show; A smile. \"Why are you smiling?\" Elizabeth asked timidly, surprising herself with the way it had shown in her voice. \"What are you—\" \"I'm not smiling.\" He said flatly, continuing his slow walk, still dripping water. Suddenly realization flooded her mind. Immediately, she went wide-eyed and became fearful. \"No—no you are not—\"She stammered, waving a finger at him and vehemently shaking her head. \"What? What am I doing?\" He asked. \"Don't you dare Jonathan Brisby.\" She said flatly. Jon hadn't stopped walking towards her, the smile growing ever more prevalent on his face. Instinctually, she started to scoot away. \"Do what?\" He said innocently. Jon's eyes now betrayed a dark intention, which Elizabeth failed to notice earlier. \"Do whatever it is your thinking!\" She cried. \"I swear, if you do—\" \"-If I do what, Elizabeth dearie,\" He stated, rather than ask, a devilish grin had finally revealed itself in full on his face. \"—if you do it, you can forget about sleeping anywhere else but the couch for the rest of your life!\" Now Jon stood ever Elizabeth, casting his shadow over her form on the ground. For a moment it seemed, he stopped to think of the repercussions of his actions. He tapped his chin thoughtfully, and looked towards the sky. Elizabeth, seeing her chance to slip away, slowly got up on all fours and silently began to crawl away. \"That's a tempting offer.\" Jon finally conceded; smirking as his eyes wandered back down to Elizabeth. Her back was now to him, her arms and legs now faced away from him as she so cleverly began to inch away, leaving him the perfect target to grab. Realizing her mistake too late, she spun her head around, just in time to see Jon reach out with his arms and wrap around her waist. She found herself lifted into the air, her feet flailing uselessly into the air, then wrapped in a soggy bear-hug while at the same time his fingers went for sensitively ticklish spots. She was now trapped. \"But it just isn't enough!\" Jon bellowed victoriously. \"Now to get even! \" \"No!\" Elizabeth squealed, struggling to break free of the tickle onslaught and his grip. Both proved too powerful for her escape, as she was overcome with hysterical laughter and equal amounts screaming, leaving nothing to do but kick in futility. \"Ah, Jon, don't!\" \"It's too late, Liz, you started it!\" He answered over her playful screams and laughing. \"We are even!\" She cried. \"One-to-two does not make it even, babe!\" He replied. \"Jon, a-aha, d-don't!\" She stammered between fits of laughter. \"I'm only having fun with you!\" Jon quoted sarcastically, finding it hard himself to not laugh or drop his quarry. Elizabeth kept wiggling in his arms, writhing away from his evil hands, though she wasn't really trying very hard to begin with. \"That's not…fair!\" She gasped. \"Now it is!\" He claimed, falling into the water while holding her close as they disappeared into the murky waters with a splash! She broke for the surface first, completely soaked and gasping for breath now that she was freed of Jonathan's evil grip. \"Ah, it's freezing!\" She cried, wrapping her arms tight around herself. \"Oh Jon, you are in so much trouble!\" She spun around, but didn't see Jon surface anywhere. She searched the waters' surface around her, looking for some kind of disturbance, until her eyes settled on a small bubbling area a little distance away. She scowled at the bubbles as they slowly dissipated, but nothing appeared. \"Jon where on earth did you—\" \"Got ya!\" He exclaimed, and for the second time in several seconds, Elizabeth found herself stuck in his wet embrace, and squealing in fright and laughter \"Jonathan Brisby!\" She wheezed. \"S-stop this instant!\" She pleaded. The way she had sputtered out her plea, it seemed she was dead serious. With a waning smile and dying laughter, Jon relaxed his grip. Immediately she spun around in his arms and struck the fear of NIMH into his soul with her glare. \"Jon you are in so much trouble!\" Though her glare was intense and serious, her hands playing over Jon's chest betrayed another motive. \"I'll have to punish you accordingly.\" \"W-what…?\" Jon stuttered, finding his thoughts become clouded by the hypnotic powers of her caressing hands and extreme change in the shy and playful demeanor that Elizabeth possessed. Where on earth did this come from? He was partially struck dumb, her hands the other majority of striking him dumb, by the forward and surprisingly sensual action. \"W-wait, where on earth is this…\" He found himself cut off once more; falling backwards after her small hands pushed him over again. His back sank into the water, the cold temperature immediately dissipating the fog in his mind and unpleasantly yanking him back into the realm of reality. He sat up out of the water, only his shoulders and head showed over the water, and gave Elizabeth a dumb-struck look as she started laughing at his expression. Gone was the forward, dominating air, the regular Elizabeth had returned. She gave Jon a snide look. \"W-wha…?\" Jon could only manage, dripping wet sitting in the water. \"Wait, were you actually being serious…?\" \"Got your guard down, didn't I?\" She remarked, splashing his blank face. \"You are so easy to fool and such a push-over!\" Another dousing of cold water further cleared his thoughts; he shook the water from his head and smirked. \"You are quite the little actress Liz, but heed my warning.\" He stated in a faux courageous tone of voice, clawing back to his feet. \"You won't get me so easily next time, now that I'm aware of your trickery, you, you temptress !\" He returned fire, answering with his own barrage of water missiles. She laughed; a girly yelp escaped her as she feebly tried to deflect the wave-like projectiles and return fire. And so, within the same day, another war had begun. The cinderblock was dark, the sun long since gone down for the evening when two exhausted, still giggling and damp figures opened the door to their home, holding each other close to stave off the cold that lingered in the air, amplified by the wet fur that coated their bodies. Elizabeth entered the kitchen first; a large and damp sweatshirt draped over her form did little to keep warmth in, but did little to dull her mood as she set down a small bag of food-stuffs next to the pantry and turned towards Jonathan, the second figure that had entered. \"I can't believe you forgot about the food we gathered!\" She laughed. \"To be fair,\" He pointed back, grinning from ear to ear. \"I was a little preoccupied having some fun in the sun and water with my special someone before Fall took that opportunity away.\" Elizabeth answered his smile. \"That it was fun, it's been a while since I've had that much fun.\" \"Oh stop it,\" Jon quipped. \"It couldn't have been that long since you've had a splashing contest with someone!\" \"The last time I had any fun in like that at a pool was…\" Her blue eyes danced over the ceiling as she tapped her chin thoughtfully. \"…Not since I was a little girl.\" \"Which was how long ago?\" Jon asked half-heartedly, fetching some washcloth scrapes that doubled as towels from a cabinet across the room. \"Mm, ten months ago?\" At this revelation, Jon found himself frozen in shock; only ten months old?! The house fell silent for a moment, only the sound of Elizabeth taking a deep breath and quietly chuckling filled the air. \"That seems right. Seems like a life time ago already.\" She said absently, casting a forlorn gaze to the cold fireplace. Tell me about it. Jon mused, calculating how many actual 'lifetimes' he had been through to the average mouse. True he was, in actuality, close to 5 and a half years old by normal human age—and who know how old in mice age—but with Ages having a fascination with how they were altered and age was effected after the alterations at NIMH, he had calculated that the aging process was significantly slowed; almost tripled in length he had estimated. That also meant reaching maturity, adulthood and old age and eventually death, had been fundamentally changed as well. Unfortunately for Ages, Nicodemus and other elders, the injections failed to turn back the clock for them. It seemed to extend lifetimes; so whatever stage in their lives they had received the injections at, they remained at that time. For how long, was anybody's guess. Jon figured, he was still within the 'young adult' age himself, yes he had grown some from his days at NIMH, but nowhere near as much as he would've if he never received the injections. Of course, if he never got the injections, he would have died two, three times over of old age and never meet Elizabeth. But to be reminded of how accelerated a normal mouse's life was compared to his, it shocked him how short life could be for her. And that scared Jon beyond anything else he had encountered in his life. \"Jon, are you okay? You have that distant look on your face again.\" He was shaken from his terrifying reverie by her heavenly voice once again; it seemed she was the anchor for Jon's wayward thoughts and soul from disappearing into the deep dark recesses of his mind. He shook his head and grabbed two towels; one white one for him, and a light red one for Elizabeth. \"I'm fine, I was just thinking is all.\" He finally answered, returning with his white towel draped over his shoulders, his free hands holding Elizabeth's open to put around her. \"Oh? What has got you thinking so deeply?\" She inquired, watching Jon stand before her and lower down onto his knee, peeling the soggy cloth garment off her and replacing it with the dry, warm towel over her shoulders. \"You,\" He answered with a smile, taking the two opposite ends of the cloth and tying it around her neck in a loose knot. \"What I ever did to win you over.\" \"Being yourself.\" She answered, wrapping her arms around his neck in return with a sweet smile. \"Not hiding anything from me, not hiding behind a mask or a wall anymore.\" Jon rested his hand on her haunches, what the human equivalent would be her knees, and smiled back before leaning forward for a passionate kiss. After sharing another blissful eternity in lip-lock, they parted, resting foreheads together, gazing deeply into each other's eyes; showing nothing but pure love for one another. Jon found his eyes wander down to the towel tied around her neck, and that got him to thinking about a proposal gift once more. Somehow, the red contrasted well with the shade of her fur, and managed to draw the deep blue of her eyes out even more, and best yet; she looked like she was comfortable wearing it. Jon let his imagination place the amulet he had forged in his head appears at her chest, hanging loosely on a gold chain that disappeared under the knot. That was what had been missing the picture; a shawl and the amulet together, they seemed absolutely perfect. He couldn't help but broaden his already wide grin. \" Now what's got your attention? Could it be me again?\" \"It could very well be.\" His eyes reaching hers again, only to see them turned in another direction, something within betrayed some reserved nervousness. Elizabeth biting her lip was the physical sign of its manifestation. \"What's up?\" He asked, finding himself concerned at her expression. \"You've got me thinking as well.\" She answered weakly. \"Do…do you remember what I said about not ever sleeping anywhere else but the couch, if you pulled me into that pond?\" Quizzically, Jon raised an eyebrow that Elizabeth could feel rustle the fur on her forehead. \"I do,\" He answered. \"I still say it was worth it though; I'm still willing to admit.\" \"W-what if I said I was lying?\" Nervously, her gaze found his again, the faintest hint of red began to show on her cheeks with the embarrassment filled smile that followed. Softly, barely over a whisper, she asked; \"Do, do you want an actual bed to sleep in tonight?\" ","Summary":" The Story of NIMH You know the beginning of The Secrets of NIMH, but what about before the film? Fo"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"The Extra","Author":"eastern-tennis1621","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8106677","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Guys! This is my new story, The Extra! I am just going to change up the ages a little. Michael, Mick, and Joni, as well as my OC are all going to be 13. Kelly is going to be 12 and Naoko and Jimi are both 15. Lau is also going to be 10. A little background info. About my OC: She was 11 when her parents died in a motorcycle accident. Since then she has been living with the Norths'. She is best friends with Mick, Joni, and Dylan and has a big rivalry with Lau. But I don't want to give away too much so enjoy! \"Come back!\"\"Don't eat that!\" \"Slow down!\" That could all be heard from me, Mick North, and Jimi North, as we chased after Mick's pig, Fiona, who at the moment was running around carrying a pizza. All of us ran into the back of the house, where we were greeted by the sight of Marisa and Bina North calling their mom while Dylan North was spray painting their flowers. Me and Jimi decided to watch while Mick continued to chase after Fiona. \"Mom!\" Marisa and Bina both yelled. Ms. North then stuck her head out the window. \"What?\" she asked impatiently. \"He's painting our flowers again.\" they said in unison. \"It's called art.\" Dylan said back. \"You can't call it art unless you have talent!\" Jimi yelled to him. I snickered before we both started running again. We both turned the corner to find the pig laying on Mick. Me and Jimi then both started to laugh. \"What happened to you?\" I asked, still laughing. \"I tried to tackle the dog. Didn't exactly work out how I planned.\" Mick answered sarcastically. I was about to reply when they all heard Phoebe yell. \"Jimi, we found Rainbow!\" \"Rainbow!\" Jimi yelled, running into the house with me and Mick following not far behind. They all ran into the house to see Phoebe with her guitar and Joni with her sax, both laughing at Max, Ms. North's boss, who happened to have Rainbow sitting on his head. Me and Mick both burst out laughing while Jimi ran at Max, trying to get Rainbow. After Jimi got Rainbow, Max proceeded to make up an excuse and leave the house. We then noticed Fiona running around. \"Hi Mommy!\" yelled Aldo, standing on the ladder while Mick chased after Fiona. After running past the ladder, Fiona's foot got caught on the ladder, throwing Aldo off in the process. \"Aldo!\" Ms. North yelled, running to where he fell. \"Look Mommy, I'm all sparkly!\" Aldo exclaimed. \"Yes you are!\" Ms. North yelled happily, hugging Aldo while all of us went back to their daily activities.[Chapter 2] So what did you guys think of my last chapter? Because that chapter was kinda short, I decided to make this one a little bit longer! So please review and tell me what you guys think! And please, no flames! The next morning was busy as usual. \"Mom, where's my algebra homework.\" I heard Dylan ask as I laughed at Lau, who had spilled his cereal everywhere. \"Here.\" Helen said handing it to him. \"Mom, can I have 5 bucks?\" Joni asked. \"I need 5 bucks too.\" I yelled. \"In the cabinet.\" Helen told us. As we walked to the cabinet we heard Pheobe asked if Helen could hand her something. We also heard her ask Marisa and Bina if they were ready to get dressed. \"Yeah.\" they both said before walking upstairs. We also heard Dylan say he was leaving. \"Bye!\" Me and Joni yelled. \"See ya!\" he yelled back, walking out the then heard Helen say something about a reunion cruise and laugh. I personally thought she should go on a cruise. She needs a vacation from all of us. \"Mom!\" Jimi yelled, walking into the kitchen.\"Mick's dog just puked on Aldo!\"Me and Joni turned and looked disgustedly at Mick while Hellen gagged. \"Sorry!\" Mick yelled, looking guilty. He then ran to the other room to get his dog. \"Control your animal next time!\" I yelled after him. He turned and glared at me for a second before going back to running. I just sighed and went to catch the bus. That night, I came downstairs when I heard Marisa and Bina yelling about being super heroes, when I saw Helen standing there in a pretty black dress. \"You look pretty, Helen\" I told her, coming to stand next to Pheobe. \"Thank you, honey.\" She said, smiling at me, before looking back at the mirror I was standing next to. \"I thought you weren't interested in Max.\" Pheobe said. So that's where she was going tonight. \"I thought you weren't gonna wear black anymore.\" Lau said, a smug look appearing on his face. \"This isn't black, this is tie-dye.\" Helen said before turning around. Lau shrugged. \"I am not interested in Max. I'm interested in that buyer that he is bringing up from New York.\" She said, grabbing the lipstick. \"Oh thank you.\" she said to Pheobe. I turned and saw Pheobe holding up lipstick, smiling. \"Why don't you just have him here?\" Pheobe asked, while Helen put on the lipstick. \"Homes are for free expression. Not for good impression.\" Helen then said. All of a sudden we heard the twins yell, \"Incoming.\" and throw a watermelon down the stairs. We all backed away quickly and exchanged looks. \"If you catch my drift.\" Helen said looking at me and Pheobe. We both gave her a look that pretty much said 'Yeah, we got your drift alright'.[Chapter 3] So guys, here's Ch. 3! I hope you guys like it! Please review! The next day, Helen was telling us about the reunion she had decided to go on.\"Then he asked me to marry him! And I said yes! She exclaimed happily! \"What!\" we all yelled. Fiona squeaked and jump out of her spot on the couch between me and Mick. \"Oh, it was spontaneous and so romantic!\" she replied. \"How could you do this?\" Joni yelled. \"Are you nuts?\" Mick yelled. \"You barely know this guy!\" I yelled. Everyone continued yelling. Helen then held us the talking stick and we all quieted down. \"Who wants the talking stick first?\" Helen asked. \"May I have it please?\" Jimi said. \"Yes Jimi.\" Helen replied, handing it to him. \"Are you crazy?\" Jimi exclaimed. That just riled everyone else up. Helen looked shocked. We all started yelling again until Helen grabbed the talking stick. \"Okay, shh, okay I have the talking stick now.\" Helen said, laughing slightly. \" He's a lovely, lovely man I'm sorry that we didn't include you. And he has 8 kids.\" We all started freaking out again until Helen spoke up once again. \"Okay guys, okay come on, come on. Group hug. Come on.\" We looked at each other before coming in hesitantly. \"Come on.\" Helen said once more. So we all got on the floor and had a group hug. \"It's gonna be fun.\" \"But, where will we live?\" Aldo asked.[Chapter 4] The next day we got up and started the day like normal. But it wasn't normal. Because today was the day we moved to our new house. Our moving truck was there so all we had to do was leave. After we had left and gotten in the car, It was 6 hours till we got there. Let me be the first to tell you it was probably the longest trip of all time. Finally, after 7 bathroom stops and 2 stops for food, we arrived at a lighthouse. But what was standing in front of the lighthouse was probably more shocking. Standing in front of the house was a guy in a military uniform and 8 kids all standing in fancy clothes. Hey, that kid my age is kinda cute. Wait, get back on track! When our car pulled up they looked shocked to say the least by how messy we were. After we all got out, the man walking up to Helen, kissed her, smiled, turned to us and said \"Hello.\" \"Your mom can't be serious.\" I whispered to Mick and Dylan, who were standing beside me. Dylan and Mick both snickered while I smirked. \"What's so funny?\" the man asked, looking at us three. \"Nothing!\" Mick and Dylan said, obviously scared. I rolled my eyes. There is no way this guy would do anything while Helen was here. He then looked at me, to which I raised an eyebrow. After seeing that I wasn't going to answer, he continued. \"I thought you said you only had 10 kids.\" the man asked. \"I do, Frank. Makayla is not my legal daughter. She just lives with us.\" Helen answered, pointing at me. When they all looked at me, I just smiled and waved. \"Well, I guess we should introduce ourselves. I'm Frank Beardsley. These are 8 kids. They are William, Christina, Harry, Michael, Kelly, Otter, Ely, and Ethan.\" He said. Oh, so Michael was the cute one, I thought to myself. Snap out of it! Helen then introduced us, and we all started unpacking.[Chapter 5] I know what you guys are thinking. 3 new chapters in one day? Well this is my first story so I am kinda excited. Anyways please continue reading. And remember if you are confused just PMme. Don't forget to review! \"Come on, Fiona.\" Mick said, helping me carry a box. We then brought the box into the house and put it down. We pretty much just continued doing that until we heard a wistle. \"Crew.\" Frank yelled. Us Norths were confused for a second. \"Kids.\" Helen said. So we all come in. \"Alright then alright, kids. Fall in for vilifying.\" Frank said. \"Fall in for what?\" Me and Pheobe asked. \"Room assignments.\" said William, looking at us like we were stupid. \"All eyes on the chart. Your rooms are numbered. Your bathroom schedules are color coded.\" Frank said. All of us North kids started laughing. Heck even Helen giggled a bit before seeing Frank's face. \"Well that's a good thing. It's great because we all need a little bit of organization. We do, honey. You did a beautiful job.\" Helen said, still giggling slightly. We all gave her a look. \"Great, mom gets married, we get drafted.\" Dylan said to me and Jimi. We both nodded while Christina gave him a look. Dylan looked at her, before walking up the stairs. Me and Jimi looked at her before following him. After we got told who we were rooming with, me and Joni made our way upstairs for our new room. \"So I saw you eyeing Michael before. Do you like him?\" Joni teased. \"Shut up.\" I said blushing slightly. \"You're blushing! This means you do like him! Makayla! He is the enemy!\" Joni told me angrily. \"It's not like I'm going to do anything. Calm down. I don't even think he likes we so whatever.\" I told her nonchalantly. \"Good. The less you know them, the easier it will be to get rid of them.\" Joni told me evilly. \"You do know we are rooming with one of them right?\" I asked her. \"Oh well!\" She said before walking away. I continued walking down the hall until I heard Mick yell,\"Mom, the cheerleaders after me.\" I had to laugh at that. Only you would scream something like that, Mick. Only you.[Chapter 6] So here's Chapter 6! Remember to review! Later that day, Helen and Frank took us out to sea on a boat. I thought it was fun, but others, like Dylan and Lau hated it. I was used to sea because my dad used to be in the coast guard, not that I would tell anybody that. Anyways, back to the boat. \"So, everyone, what do you think of the my-way?\" Frank asked from the steering wheel. \"Who's gonna sail this thing?\" Jimi asked. Helen laughed and I snickered. \"We, the Beardsley family sail, while you guys, I'm guessing, hang out in the cabin and pick your noses.\" Michael said. He may be cute, but he better get that attitude in check, I thought to myself. Phoebe groaned. \"No, we are all going to sail it. Working together like the many tentacles of an octopus guided by one brain.\" Frank said, using his hands to talk. \"My children have separate brains, Frank.\" Helen said. I had to smile at that. How true it was. \"It's just a figure of speech.\" Frank answered. \"No it isn't.\" Helen replied back, putting sunscreen on Bina. I zoned out for a second and started talking to Mick when we heard Frank yell again, \"Ok, prepare for turning. Cover the mouth.\" \"What?\" Jimi yelled. The ship turned suddenly and I was thrown into Michael. \"Sorry!\" I told him and quickly got off of him, blushing slightly. Out of the corner if my eye, I saw Joni give me a look, but I ignored it. \"It's ok.\" Michael replied back, his face turning slightly pink. Before I could say more, he had already turned back to his job, so I went back to watching the others. I turned when I heard Helen scream, and had to stifle my laughter. Helen's face was covered in white sun block. \"Wasn't anybody listening when I gave my briefing about standard nautical procedures?\" Frank asked. Well obviously not. \"I have sunscreen in my eye, sweetie.\" Helen told him. \"Oh, well, let go to the lower level and we'll wash it out. William, take the wheel.\" Frank said, helping Helen down. \"Aye, Aye, sir.\" William said, walking to the wheel. \"Ms. Munion, you have the kids.\" Frank told her. I didn't like her. She was too grumpy. \"No problem.\" she said. I then looked over and saw Lau breathing into a paper bag. Oh god. I then walked over to Kelly and Naoko. \"Get that camera away from me.\" Kelly said turning away. \"But I'm capturing the verity of life at sea.\" Naoko said back, still videotaping. \"How about capturing my fist in your face.\" Harry said. That's when I had to step in. \"Yeah right. You won't do a thing.\" I said to him, coming to stand next to Naoko. He just glared at me, so I smirked victoriously. Naoko then pushed him out of the way and continued walking. \"Hey.\" he said, almost losing his balance. Just then a lot of water splashed and hit Ely and Otter. \"Look, Otter peed his pants.\" Marisa yelled. Most of the North kids snickered, including me. \"No I didn't, that's just water.\" Otter yelled back. \"Doesn't smell like water.\" Bina replied. Again we snickered. \"I'm gonna go tell our dad.\" Otter yelled back, angrily. \"I'm gonna tell my mom.\" The twins said in unison. I quickly caught them before they told. \"Your mom doesn't feel good. Don't bother her.\" I told them, and sent them on their way. I turned and saw Michael looking at me with a small smile. \"What?\" I asked him confusedly. \"Nothing.\" he said quickly, turning around. So I shrugged and continued to watch. \"I don't feel so good.\" Lau said, looking like he was going to be sick. Okay, I may hate the guy but I kinda felt bad for him. \"Just keep your eye on the horizon. I'll get you some ginger ale.\" Ms. Munion told him, getting up. I started to talk to Dylan when we saw Cristina look down at us with rope in her hand, because Dylan was lying down and I was sitting next to him. Christina then threw the rope all over Dylan. \"What are you doing? Come on watch it.\" we both said annoyingly. Christina ignored us and threw the rest of the rope on Dylan's feet. On no, I knew what that meant. \"Don't even think about it.\" I told her threateningly. She gave me a shocked look for a second before smirking and shaking her head. I heard William yell something from the font of the ship and then Christina and Harry started pulling on the rope. Next thing we knew, Dylan was being pulled into the air by his feet. \"Whoa!\" Dylan yelled in surprise. He started swinging up. By then all the Beardsley's were laughing. I quickly walked over and twisted the lever so that Dylan was let down. What I didn't know was that he would fall on his head. \"Ouch!\" he yelled angrily at me. \"I could have left you hanging up there. Would you like that?\" I asked sarcastically. He just glared at me before turning to Christina. \"Such a loser.\" Michael said, laughing at him. I quickly contained the small smile that was forming and turned to glare at him and his siblings. \"Oh yeah? Let see how funny you think this is.\" Dylan said, taking the rope off of his foot and running after Michael. I heard Lau puke and quickly turned to see Michael slip in it. \"Ew!\" \"Gross!\" \"That's disgusting!\" Were all heard from everyone. \"What's going on?\" Frank asked, finally coming up from the lower deck. \"Coming the bowel.\" William yelled. Frank turned just in time to get hit in the face with the bowel and fall over board. \"William! Turn around! William!\" Frank yelled. William looked panicked for a moment before quickly turning the ship around. \"What's going on? Ah!\" Helen yelled after seeing Frank overboard. \"I'm fine, sweetie.\" Frank yelled back. \"Is this the standard nautical procedure.\" Helen yelled to him. Frank sighed, \"Uh, no.\" he replied back. Helen laughed. We went to go get him and Frank decided that our day at sea was over.[Chapter 7] The next day, we were all woken up by Joni playing who knows what on her sax. Well I wasn't. I had already woken up and showered, because who knew how long it would take Christina in there. While she was playing, I walked up to her. \"Maybe you should try a different instrument.\" I told her, giggling slightly. She glared at me quickly before continuing to play, \"Why were you in the bathroom?\" Frank asked, probably annoyed I didn't follow his schedule. \"I had to straighten my hair.\" I told him, talking about my now straight brown hair that went to the middle of my back. He just shrugged before going back to watching Joni. Soon enough, everyone was coming out of their rooms. \"Everyone, everyone. It's 6:05. Let's go, let's go, let's go.\" Frank yelled. Everyone walked out tiredly. \"Nice hair, Dylan!\" I told him when he walked by, glancing at his hair, which was now everywhere. He glared at me before turning to Frank. \"Alright. These are your bathroom schedules. With latrine time. You get 7 minutes each. Do not waste it\" Frank told everyone. \"Why do I feel like I'm in prison?\" Phoebe asked him. \"Fashion police caught up with you.\" Christina asked sarcastically, not that she could talk. \"Oh snap. Up top, girlfriend.\" Lau said to her. I giggled slightly and she looked at me. \"How are you already done?\" she asked me, shocked. \"I'm an early riser.\" was all I said. \"Why the drill, admiral?\" William asked. \"It's not a drill, William. We have doubled our force which calls for increase in coordination. Don't worry you'll soon be doing this is your sleep.\" Frank answered back. \"I am asleep.\" Dylan answered before walking away. I quickly walked down to breakfast, grabbed an apple and some toast and sat down. Soon enough everyone was downstairs and eating. I was sitting between Joni and Dylan, with Jimi and William across from us working on some papers. Dylan elbowed me and Joni to get our attention and looked at William. All three of us counted to three quietly before turning the platter with food on it quickly, making food get all over Williams papers. \"Oh, I'm sorry William. Was that your homework?\" Dylan asked, laughing slightly while me and Joni were outright laughing our butts off. \"Listen up!\" Frank yelled while William tried to clean off his homework. \"Before you go to school, there's one thing we need to do.\" We all exchanged looks, wondering what we were going to do. Frank brought us into the other room where we all crowded around the phone. \"Hi, you've reached Frank, Helen, Harry, Jimi, Marisa, Bina, Naoko, Michael, Aldo, Dylan, Makayla, Joni, Phoebe, William, Ely, Otter, Christina, Ethan, Mi-\" the phone beeped. \"Aw!\" We all yelled, getting up and going to get our stuff.[Chapter 8] Here's Chapters 8&9 for ya! The next day, I was in a rush. I had woken up 20 minutes late, which meant I only had 40 minutes to get ready. I took a quick shower and left my hair curly. I quickly put on my makeup and left the bathroom. As I was walking out, I saw Christina walking towards me with a smirk on her face. \"Hey Makayla. You look pretty today.\" She said before walking into the bathroom. I looked down at my outfit, confused. A pair of shorts and one of Dylan's old t-shirts. That got me a little suspicious, but I ignored it. Maybe she was just trying to be nice. Later on, I was walking upstairs when I heard Phoebe banging on a door. \"Come on! I have to get ready for school!\" She yelled outside the bathroom, still clad in her pajamas.\"You're face isn't big enough to hold that much makeup.\" \"Get a watch, hippie chic. It's my time.\" Christina said, still inside the bathroom. \"She's right. Our time was first.\" Said Joni helplessly. I then looked at the bathroom schedule. \"This wasn't the schedule yesterday! They must have changed it!\" I said, referring to the Beardsley's, who were all occupying a bathroom. \"We should pound them\" Lau shouted. Everyone agreed to that. \"You know what I think.\" Dylan said. \"Nothing says time to get out of the bathroom like...\" \"Fire!\" Dylan yelled, holding a torch under the fire alarm, making it blink. All the Beardsley kids ran out of the bathrooms covered in nothing but towels and robes. As soon as they ran down the stairs, Aldo popped out of a box, signaling they were gone. \"Victory to the North kids!\" Phoebe shouted, high giving Dylan. We all cheered. \"Guys, guys come on. Let's go watch them.\" Dylan shouted. We all ran into different bedrooms and looked out the window to see the Beardsley kids outside, looking around. We all laughed and pointed. Me and Mick even took out our phones and took pictures. I had to admit Michael looked pretty cute in just his pajama pants. But I knew if I looked, the North's could give me a hard time about it later, so I just kept laughing and taking pictures. \"Nice towel, Christina!\" Phoebe yelled. \"Yeah, nice boxers, William!\" Dylan also yelled. \"You guys are so dead.\" Christina threatened. We just continued to laugh though. \"At least we'll be clean.\" Phoebe said back. \"Can I get the two of you guys closer together?\" Naoko yelled. I looked over and saw she had her video camera on. Oh no. \"Naoko, what are you doing?\" William yelled, pointing his razor at her. \"Webcasting!\" Naoko yelled back, smiling. I gave her a high-five. Point one for the North kids. Christina screamed and ran inside. The other Beardsley's followed. But we were too busy getting ready for the day to bother.[Chapter 9] We were just about to go to school when Helen stopped us and brought us into the living room. After everyone hot settled, she pulled out the talking stick. \"This is our talking stick. And this is a no judgment circle. So whoever has the stick may express themselves without fear or interruption. So William, why don't you begin? Go ahead. Just say what you need to.\" Helen said passing the stick to William. William then passed it to Christina, who passed it to Harry and so on until it reached Ethan. When it reached Ethan, Frank spoke up. \"Wait. One of you must have something to say.\" He said. All of them shook their heads, looking at the stick with disgust. Oh I knew exactly what I was going to say if I got the chance. Then Frank continued talking. \"Okay, if I can interrupt. I'll take the talking stick. Okay, I have something to say.\" Frank said, walking over to the chalkboard.\"In the interest of making this house a home, I have come up with a little tour chart.\" He then turned the chalkboard over, showing us a very complicated chart with each of our names on it. I quickly looked for my name and found it paired with Michael, Kelly, and William in lighting. Oh great, three Beardsley's and a North. What fun! \"You gotta be kidding me.\" Jimi said, looking at the chart in shock. \"Is this a joke?\" Dylan asked. \"Charts are never a joke with the admiral.\" Michael replied back seriously. \"Look mom we gotta go or were gonna be late.\" Phoebe told Helen. \"Yeah me, Joni, and Mick have to meet Kendra and Adam at our lockers.\" I told Helen, going to get my backpack off the couch. Everyone agreed and started to stand up. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa I want you all home right after school because we have to go out and requisition supplies. Dismissed.\" Frank said. I groaned. Me and Joni were supposed to go to Kendra's house after school. At school, I told her I couldn't go. She was disappointed but she understood. When we all got home, we all went to the store. At the store William grabbed a shopping cart and we four were off. It was pretty awkward. The three of the talked behind me so I couldn't hear. That was, until William told me to slow down. I slowed down and started walking beside them. It was quiet for a minute before William broke the silence. \"So Makayla, are you related to the North family?\" He asked casually. \"Only a few of them.\" I replied back. When they looked confused, I elaborated.\"Helen is my godmother and Mick, Joni, and Dylan are my god siblings. That's why I'm so close to them. My parents are...were their godparents' too.\" \"Oh. I'm sorry about your parents. How did they die?\" Michael asked. \"Motorcycle crash.\" Was all I said.\"We should probably start looking for the light bulbs now.\" I told them, walking ahead. But Kelly quickly followed. \"Hey sorry about my brothers. They don't really get how awkward it must be for you to talk about it.\" she said. \"It's ok. I'm over it already. Let's just find the light bulbs before you dad blows his top.\" I said jokingly. We were walking down an isle when we saw Otter and Ely drive by on one of those stacking machine things they have in the store. We all exchanged looks before running after them. \"Otter, Ely!\" Frank screamed loudly. We watched as Frank fell into a pool with green goop all in it. I started laughing and they shot me a dirty look. By then, everyone had caught up. \"Where are the boys? Where are the boys?\" Frank yelled, trying to find them. He turned around and saw them coming right at us. Michael pulled me out of the way just before the machine hit me. \"Thanks. I owe you one.\" I said, blushing. \"No problem.\" He replied back, cheeks turning pink. We then watched at the machine went at Frank. He was backed up into the wall when they stopped it, the machine hitting bags of sand, making some fall and stick to Frank. \"Yay, a sandbox!\" Ethan yelled, pushing to the front of the group. After that, we were kicked out of the store forever. But not without buying 14 bags of sand of course[Chapter 10] I am so sorry for how long I have been keeping you guys waiting. It's just with all the changes going on in my life; I barely have time for anything anymore. But I finally found time to put up this chapter! So here it is! Enjoy! The next day, we were fixing up the house. I was working outside, painting the outside walls, with Naoko and Harry, and we were surprisingly getting along. Or so I thought. We were painting when all of a sudden I felt something splash onto my back. I felt my back, then brought my hand to my face and saw it was covered in white paint. I turned around, shocked and saw the others were covered too. \"Hey!\" Harry yelled. \"Watch it!\" Naoko exclaimed, trying to spray Harry with paint, but missing and hitting me. \"Seriously?\" I screamed, looking at my now paint covered shirt. \"This means war!\" I then grabbed a paint brush and flung it at Harry, hitting him straight in the head. He tried to hit me, but I ducked and it hit Naoko instead. Naoko threw paint at me, but it went through the window and hit Christina. But by then us three were already in a full out paint war. We kept splashing each other, while slowly making our way inside, where everyone was fighting. I looked up the stairs and saw Michael and William coming down the stairs, smiling. They ran down to help but when they got to the bottom, they didn't notice the blue paint falling from the stairs. I quickly grabbed Michael and pulled him away from the paint before he could get hit. He looked shocked, but before he could say anything, I quickly interrupted. \"Now we're even.\" I told him. He quickly smiled before turning away. I turned around and was thumped in the forehead before I could even say anything. \"That's for saving the enemy.\" Joni replied, smirking slightly. I just stuck my tongue out and was about to say something when I saw the door open. Frank and Helen looked seriously shocked. \"Whoa! Stop! Ah!\" Frank yelled, slipping on some paint and sliding on the floor. By now, everyone was watching Frank slide across the floor and fall face first into yellow paint. We all were silent as Helen screamed. \"Ugh.\" Frank said, lifting his face to show it was covered in yellow paint. I had to practically stick my fist in my mouth to keep from busting out laughing. He then stood up and wiped his eyes. All of a sudden, Mick's dog decided to shake himself, getting me, Mick, Dylan, and Frank covered in even more paint. Frank turned, looking at all of us before speaking. \"You wrecked the house, you trashed the garden, and you painted the pig. You turned a 200 year old person into a Jackson Polluct.\" Frank said. \"It's her fault for wearing my shirt.\" Phoebe yelled. \"I am not finished.\" Frank yelled, pointing a finger at her. \"Now, your mother and I know that you do not get along but you're just going to have to pretend that you like each other until you actually do. Until you have learned why we-whoa.\" Frank yelled stepping into a bucket accidentally. Yet he continued talking, still walking around with the bucket on his foot. \"Till you've learned we are so specific and we demand a level of servility and cooperation or I will bring the hammer down.\" Frank finished, pointing down. It was actually kind of scary because us North kids didn't know if he was talking about a real hammer or not. \"Is it a real hammer?\" Aldo asked confusedly. \"No, no that's just a metaphor.\" Helen answered. \"I'm scared.\" Aldo said, looking down slightly. Since I was behind him, I put my arms around him and brought him back against me, glaring at Frank the whole time. \"Don't be scared. Don't be scared.\" Frank answered, looking only slightly guilty. \"Should I go get hammer, sir?\" Ethan asked. Aldo turned and looked at me, obviously frightened. I just held onto him tighter, looking at Frank, who walked over to Ethan. \"No because it's not a real hammer. It's just a pretend hammer. I only said that for effect.\" Frank replied, looking completely guilty now. Which he should be. \"Now I would like you to all think about what he just said. Except for maybe the part about the hammer.\" Helen said, looking at Frank. \"Yeah just forget, forget the hammer. Just let's just get started on cleaning this place up.\" Frank replied tiredly. \"First, let's have a group hug.\" Helen said, walking to the middle of the room. All of us North kids immediately went into the circle, while the Beardsley kids just looked at us weirdly. \"You mean, actually hug each other?\" Michael asked, looking at us weirdly. \"Yeah. That's what I mean.\" Helen said happily, before mouthing Frank's name. \"Um... Yeah. Umm... Well, ok let's get into the group hug.\" Frank said, slowly walking towards the hug. The Beardsley kids looked at him like he had lost his mind before slowly walking in themselves. Kelly immediately came over to me, seeing as I was the only one she really talked to. She smiled at me and I smiled back. \"Do you guys always do this?\" She asked, still kind of grossed out from being near us. \"Pretty much, yeah.\" I answered, giving her a sympathetic smile. She quietly groaned, causing me to laugh, before turning back to the others. \"Can't you feel the love, honey?\" Helen asked Frank. Frank just gave her a tight smile that was obviously fake to me, but thankfully not to Helen. We all let go and headed back to start cleaning.[Chapter 11] That night, all of the kids met up in the lighthouse chamber where the light was. I quickly ran up the stairs just as William was about to start talking. I quickly knocked on the door above me, waiting to be let in. Kelly opened it and helped me up. \"Helen and Frank just went to bed.\" I told William, talking about my job to watch the parents. He just nodded and I went and sat between Mick and Phoebe, Aldo sitting on my lap. \"Okay everybody. It's time that we call a truce.\" William told us. \"No way.\" I quickly replied. Mick and Aldo were already laughing at the idea. \"Yeah right. We wouldn't last a day.\" Phoebe whispered to me quietly. I snickered and William looked over here, annoyed that we weren't hearing him out. \"We need to unite against a greater enemy. And that enemy's name is Mom and Dad.\" William yelled. \"What are you talking about?\" Kelly asked confusedly. \"He's saying we're all totally incompatible. But our parents don't seem to care.\" Dylan said. \"Exactly. Guys, we're all in this together.\" William replied nodding. \"Some of us are in it together, and some of us are busy cornering the boyfriend market.\" Christina quipped, looking at Phoebe. \"You stole my shirt. Now we're even.\" Phoebe answered. I snickered quietly and Christina shot me a look. \"I'll deal with you later.\" Christina threatened, looking at me. I rolled my eyes before lifting my hands and making a ghost sound, making Aldo giggle. \"Come on guys. None of us likes this situation, but if we want out, then we gotta stop fighting and get them to start.\" William said, obviously frustrated. \"What?\" Muck asked. I gave him a look and he just shrugged. \"How do you plan to do that?\" Jimi asked. \"Easy. Who knows what drives our parents crazy better than we do. We start tomorrow, so be ready. Makayla, Mick you guys are first. You both probably theist devious out of all of us. Come up with some stuff.\" William told us. Me and Mick looked at each other and smirked, knowing of anyone could come up with ways to annoy the parents, it was us. The next morning, I woke up a half hour earlier. I went into the bathroom and got ready. Once I was dressed and my hair was straightened and I was all ready, I went to go wake up Mick. I went into Mick, Lau, Harry, Jimi, and Michael's room to find Michael already awake. I blushed and quickly turned away, seeing as he was shirtless. Once he was me he quickly put on his shirt, blushing slightly. \"Um... What are you doing in here?\" Michael asked me. \"I have to get Mick up for our first 'mission' as he likes to call it.\" I quickly told him, not looking at him. \"Oh, okay well I'll just get out of your way then.\" Michael replied back, moving past me and leaving the room. I let out a gust of breath I didn't know I was holding to see Harry sitting up and looking at me with a smug look on his face. \"Oh shut it.\" I told him, blushing again. I then turned and walked up to Mick's bed. Once I saw it, I walked up, took the mattress, and quickly flipped it, sending Mick tumbling to the floor. \"Ow! Really Makayla, really?\" Mick asked as I fell onto his bed, laughing. \"How else would I get you up?\" I asked, still laughing slightly. \"Now get the pig and let's go.\" I told him before getting up and leaving. Ten minutes later, Mick walked out all ready for the day, with Fiona at his side. \"Come on, let's go.\" He said, walking to the parent's room. We then let Fiona in once we saw that Helen was gone. We then watched as Frank turned over and Fiona started licking his face. He opened his eyes and looked shocked for a second before turning over. \"Helen!\" Frank screamed. We quickly ran before we could get caught. Most of the other plans didn't include me, including the toothpaste plan, the radio plan, the gun plan, and the meat plan. But, I was in one where we decided to dress Ethan and Aldo up as girls and sent them into the kitchen, right past Frank. I helped dress them up before we brought them over to the hallway that turns into the kitchen. We sent them in and listened to them talk. \"Well, shall we get some tea?\" Aldo asked in a fake British accent. \"Oh, that would be lovely.\" Ethan replied, using the same accent. \"I love tea in the afternoon.\" Aldo said back. \"I love tea, but we have to boil it.\" Ethan answered in a know-it-all voice. Frank looked shocked. \"Helen!\" Frank screamed. We quickly walked off so as not to get caught. The plan I was really worried about was the chalk plan. Aldo and Ethan were going to go on and write on the chalkboard. \"What if he brings his hammer?\" Aldo asked, taking a piece of chalk. \"There is no hammer.\" Christina told him, patting him on the back. \"I don't know about this, guys.\" I said uneasily. \"Yeah I think we're kind of crossing the line. I don't feel right about endangering the little kids.\" Christina said, agreeing with me. \"Trust me. Their biologically contempted by the cuteness factor. This is gonna be good\" William answered. So we sent them in and they colored their hearts out. Until Frank came home. \"Stop!\" Frank yelled, holding up his hand. \"Isn't it pretty?\" Aldo asked, oblivious to how mad Frank was. \"That was very naughty.\" Frank said, pointing at the boys. \"Oh, what's happening? Oh, boys, I don't think that was a good idea do you?\" Helen asked. Me and Kelly both walked out from behind the wall to see what would happen. \"No.\" The boys said, looking down. \"Boys, that was very important to your father. You need to say you're sorry.\" Helen told them. \"Sorry.\" Both of them said, looking at Frank. \"Okay, now go on and play.\" Helen said, ushering them out. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's it? Go on and play?\" Frank asked. \"Well, they're 4 years old, Frank. What else is there?\" Helen asked, imitating the hammer. \"There are other ways.\" Frank said, putting his hands on his hips. \"A spanky?\" Kelly asked. I looked at her, shocked. He spanks his children. \"No, no honey of course not. We don't spank our children.\" Helen said. \"The admiral does.\" Otter said, peeking up from behind the couch. The Beardsley kids nodded their heads in agreement. Helen looked shocked to say the least. \"Occasionally. A little pat on the butt sends a clear message.\" Frank said sternly. Aldo quickly ran over to me, Ethan following. I quickly grabbed then and put them behind me, though I doubt it would take much to move my little 100 pound 13 year old self. \"Well you're not spanking my children.\" Helen said calmly. \"I thought they were our children.\" Frank replied back. \"You're not spanking our children.\" Helen said mockingly. \"Okay. Fine. Let's just let them all run naked and wild.\" Frank said angrily. \"Yay!\" Ethan and Aldo yelled, running out of the room. Frank looked at Helen before walking out. \"Thanks Helen.\" I said walking up to her with Kelly and Joni following, the rest of the kids staying and watching. \"I would rather not be spanked if you catch my drift.\" I told her winking. She laughed. \"Nice, Makayla. Nice.\" Helen said before walking out. I then turned to Kelly and Joni. \"That went well.\" I told them. They both nodded before all three of us went up to our room[Chapter 12] Here are Ch.'s 12 and 13. They are kinda short, but I want to have a whole chapter for the party scene. Review! Later that day, I heard mom yelling that she got sax. I am so happy for her. She deserves this promotion. The parents unfortunately made up that night though. So we just have to think of more plans. All of the kids were hanging out when Frank came up. \"Guys, guys. Listen up! You're mom is going to be very over the next couple of days so I want everyone on their best behavior. That's an order.\" Frank announced. \"We're always on our best behavior, sur.\" Harry told him. All of a sudden Ethan and Aldo came running up the stairs in their underwear only, running away from Mrs. Munion, screaming. \"Ethan! Aldo! Excuse us! Boys!\" Mrs. Munion screamed, running after them. Me and Joni had to stuff our fists in our mouths to keep from laughing. \"I guess we'll be doing a little extra cleaning too.\" Harry said, looking at the boys. \"Right. As you were.\" Frank nodded, walking away. \"Cleaning huh?\" Phoebe said, turning to me. I smirked. \"Grab the other guys. I know just where to start.\" I told Harry before walking away. The next day was laundry day. I was sitting next to Joni and Mick when Frank came in with 3 laundry baskets. \"Colors.\" Puts basket down. \"Permanent press.\" Puts basket down. \"Whites.\" Puts basket down. So we all get up and grab a basket, quickly getting to work. We were all sitting on the couch in this order: Lau, Joni, Me, Mick, Michael, and Jimi. I turned when I heard Jimi talking. \"Um... Michael is there something you forgot?\" Jimi asks, holding up a pink thong. Michael punches him in the arm. \"Shut up.\" He told Jimi. Then Mrs. Munion walks in and sees the thong. \"Oh, that's mine.\" She said, taking it before walking away. \"I am officially scarred for life.\" I told them, while they both nodded in agreement. Then we heard a yell. \"Kids!\" Helen screamed. We all ran up to find her office perfectly clean. \"Where are my velvet pumps? Why would anybody do this?\" \"But it's clean.\" Ethan said confusedly. \"No, honey. I can't work with clean. I have a deadline. Oh my god. I'll never be able to find anything. My ultra suiad used to be right here, right beneath the blue bird. Do you remember that? Where's my fake alligator skin?\" Helen asked, freaking out. \"We thought we'd surprise you.\" Christina told her timidly. \"Yeah. We thought that you'd like it. The admiral always does say a clean ship is a happy ship.\" William said, bringing the blame in Frank. \"Hey. Wow. This place is ship shape.\" Frank said, smiling. \"Well, you just had to, didn't ya?\" Helen said, starting to leave. \"Excuse me?\" Frank asked. \"No, Frank. I understand you pathological need to organize the rest if the house. But this is my space. I need just a little bit of respect.\" Helen said before going downstairs. \"Did I miss something?\" Frank asked confusedly. All of us just shrugged, pretending not to know anything. Then Frank went downstairs, leaving all of us upstairs alone. We all silently cheered before heading downstairs to bed.[Chapter 13] The next day, I heard from Aldo that Frank slept in their room that night. Looks like the plan is working after all. Kelly had a game that day, so we all decided to go and support her. While we were watching the game, me and Jimi saw the other team doing a cheer and decided we needed to help our team a little. So Jimi stood up and just started chanting. \"Now put your hands up in the air. And wave them like you just don't care. And if you think that Kelly is the best, let me hear you say Oh Yeah!\" We all screamed. \"Oh Yeah!\" Then Jimi started up again. \"Go Kelly! Go Kelly! The other team is...\" Jimi pointed to Michael who yelled \"smelly!\" Jimi then yelled \"Their quaking like their...\" Points to Harry \"jelly!\" Jimi again. \"They got sisters from...\" Points to Marisa and Bina \"New Deli!\" Then we all start dancing and chanting. \"Go Kelly! Go Kelly! The other team is smelly! Their quaking like their jelly! We got sisters from New Deli! Woo! Go Kelly!\" I then turned to Joni and Mick. \"Do you guys remember last year the chant that Khe'shawn made up for the last football game?\" I asked them. We all started laughing at that, remembering the 2 minute long chant. After the game, we headed home, where Dylan showed me his design for Williams poster. I quickly put it into the computer and made a bunch of copies for the family to hand out. Mick also desired that we would bring in Fiona so that she can walk around the school with the poster on her back. So on Monday, that's what we did. All of us put posters on the walls, on people backs, everywhere. After my second period, I caught up with Dylan and William and heard the end of their conversation. \"This could actually help me win the election?\" William was asking. \"Yeah. Somebody might actually think you're cool. If they didn't know ya.\" Dylan said, walking away and making me laugh before putting a poster on Williams back and running away before he saw it was me.[Chapter 14] I am so sorry for not updating this sooner! My DVD player wasn't working so I had to get it fixed! I will make sure to update sooner! But for now here's chapter 14! Review! That night, Frank and Helen were going out to one of Franks work dinners, so we planned to have a party. But we had to wait until they left first. \"We won't be home until midnight so put the little kids to bed.\" Frank said, walking up to Helen while I stood at the bottom of the stairs, waiting for them to leave so I could alert Christina and Dylan. \"Ready?\" \"Yeah, one minute.\" Helen told Frank, who in turn held up his wrist and looked at his watch. \"Are you timing me?\" \"No.\" Frank quickly replied before walking towards the door. That's when me and Phoebe walked up. \"Hey mom, we were wondering if we could have a couple friends over. You know, after we put the little kids to sleep.\" Phoebe said nonchalantly. We then heard Frank honk. \"Unbelievable. Yeah sweetheart. You have a good time.\" Helen replied before walking out. I quickly ran upstairs, leaving Phoebe with William. When I told Dylan and Christina the news they both hugged me before texting their friends. About 20 minutes later, everyone started showing up, so after about an hour, the party was it full swing. I just hung out with Joni and Kelly, seeing as almost everyone here was already in high school. We were pretty much just dancing around to Dylan's music when Mick and Michael showed up and started dancing too. That's when we saw the beer. \"Umm...guys? Is there supposed to be beer here?\" Kelly asked uncertainly. \"No!\" I yelled as I watched the beer can go through the crowd. I then saw Christina and she looked surprised and unhappy as well. I also saw Phoebe talking to a pizza guy that had a huge stack of pizza boxes. I looked out the window and saw Frank's car pull up. \"Guys, the parents are home!\" I yelled to the others, ducking. I then saw Frank climb on the stairs and blow him whistle, making everyone be quiet. \"Would everyone who lives here, please raise your hand.\" Frank commanded. I slowly put my hand up; looking at all the others put their hands up too. \"Anyone else remaining here after 5 minutes will be forcibly constricted by the United States Coast Guard.\" He yelled, making everyone run out of the house and to their cars. The pizza guy yelled something, but Frank just shut the door. \"Kitchen. Alright everybody fall in. I said fall in.\" \"Dylan. Phoebe. I am very disappointed in both of you.\" Helen said, pointing them both out. \"Disappointed? Is that what you are, Helen? Disappointed? William, Christina front and center.\" Frank told us angrily, while they both stepped forward. \"Frank take it easy.\" Helen said, only to be in interrupted again. \"No Helen. I am done taking it easy. That clearly doesn't work. I should have never gone against my better judgment. This is why we have rules.\" Frank yelled. \"Do you hear yourself? Because it's not all about rules. You sound like some military robot, Frank.\" Helen told him. \"Yeah? Well you sound like some free flake.\" Frank screamed at her, making her turn around and walk away while us North kids just glared at him. \"You have one hour to get this place cleaned up.\" He said before walking away, leaving us to just stare after him. After we cleaned up, all of us younger kids went straight to bed.[Chapter 15] Here are the last 2 chapters! Hope you guys enjoyed the story! Review! The next day, we had school. I mostly hung out with Mick, seeing as not a lot of people came up to us when we were with someone. I was walking with Harry and Naoko when we saw the kids that have been bullying Otter and Eli. We all exchanged looks before walking up to them. When we walked up we saw the whole family teaming up against them. \"And me.\" \"And me.\" \"And me.\" was what we all said. \"It's all good.\" The bully with the black hair said, backing up slightly. \"Otter, are these the kids that have a problem with big families?\" Mick asked. \"They say we share our underpants.\" Otter told us. \"That's nasty.\" I said, looking at the bullies in disgust. \"That's just ignorance.\" Jimi told them. \"And do you know how to ignorance?\" Naoko asked, smirking, while we all walked towards the bullies. \"Um...education?\" One of the bullies told us uncertainly. \"Close...\" Naoko said before looking at Jimi. \"Butt wooping.\" Jimi told them menacingly, making all the bullies run to the bus. We all started cheering and patting each other on the back. \"Hey, what's going on here?\" William asked, walking up. \"Just some kids messing with the little brothers.\" Mick told him. \"But we handled it.\" Joni assured him. \"Family style.\" We all yelled out, before Phoebe ran over. \"William, you won the election.\" Phoebe yelled, hugging him. That just made us all cheer again, while Christina ran over and joined in, having heard Phoebe yells. Then Dylan walked over. \"Way to go, Willy.\" Dylan said, shaking Williams's hand. \"Couldn't have done it without you, bro.\" William grinned back, pulling his hand away. We all go on the bus to go home after that. But, when we got home, another surprise was waiting for us. And we weren't happy about this one. When we pulled up, we saw Frank walk out with a bag. \"Dad, guess what happened today in school.\" Naoko exclaimed, running to him. \"I wanna tell him.\" Harry argued. \"Have you ever heard yourself tell a story? You are always too busy rambling-\" Naoko said, only to be cut off by Frank. \"Okay, listen up guys. I have something important to say.\" Frank announced, looking down at his suitcase. \"We're leaving?\" Harry asked. \"What? No.\" Christina said. \"Do we have to leave?\" Kelly asked uncertainly, grabbing onto my hand. \"You can't just leave. What about Helen?\" I said angrily. \"Look, just cause you and Mom had a little fight that's no reason-\" Phoebe argued, just to be interrupted by Frank again. \"It was a big fight. This whole thing is my entire fault. We tried to make all of you live with people that you have nothing in common with. And that was self-centered of us. It was pigheaded. And I'd like to talk about this more but my ship sails in a half hour.\" Frank told us. \"Where are you going?\" Aldo asked sadly. \"I have to visit one of the commands on the East Coast to prep for my new job. So let's lose the long faces.\" Frank said before kneeing down in front of Aldo, who was crying. \"If you ever need anything. That means all of you North kids, even you Makayla, you just call me. And I'll be there.\" \"Bye Frank.\" Aldo cried, while giving Frank a hug, before stepping back and turning to me and burying his face in my shirt, silently crying. Heck, we were all tearing up. \"William, you know the routine. Mrs. Munion will bring you down to Washington once I get us set up.\" Frank said, making us all argue. \"Listen, I promise that everything will be exactly the way it was before. This is our last move. I have to go.\" Frank said before walking to the car and leaving. William then started walking to the house, with all of us arguing. \"You're not gonna tell him you won class president?\" Joni asked. \"It doesn't matter anymore.\" William said. \"What are you gonna do?\" Dylan asked him. \"I'm gonna pack and we're gonna move just like every other time.\" William told him. \"You can't just let this go. It's our fault this happened in the first place.\" I said. \"Then we have to deal with the consequences.\" William told me. \"So that's it? You're just going to give in and let this happen?\" Christina asked. \"You know the drill, Christina.\" William argued. \"William, wait. Wait!\" Ethan yelled. \"What?\" William asked. \"Please. I don't wanna lose another mommy.\" Ethan told him, making us all nod in agreement. \"Well then I guess we better stop that boat.\" William told us, making us all cheer. \"Kelly! Some of you guys should stay here and wait for mom.\" \"Got it.\" Kelly said. \"All right. The rest of us, let's do this.\" William said. We split up so the little ones went with Kelly and everyone else went with William. I was about to go with Kelly when Christina stopped me. \"Oh no you don't. I don't know how, but you're some type of boating expert. You're coming with us.\" Christina said, dragging me to the car we all piled in. I was squished in between Joni and Michael, not that I minded, while William gave instructions and I translated it into words the North kids could understand. When William was done, he turned to me. \"How do you know so much about boating?\" He asked me. \"I umm... took a class on boating a couple of years ago.\" I lied, and by the looks of it, he knew I was lying too. But, thankfully, he let it go. I quickly turned my phone off, but when I looked up, I saw Michael looking at me. \"What?\" I whispered to me. \"You didn't take a boating class, did you?\" He asked, calling me out on my lie. \"No.\" I replied, looking down. \"Then how do you know so much about boating?\" He asked. I sighed, might as well tell him. \"My dad used to be in the Coast Guard.\" I told him quietly. He looked shocked for a second before looking guilty. \"Sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up.\" He said. \"Its okay, you didn't know. And besides, we're already here.\" I told him before getting out and walking with the others to the boat. We all got into our positions and took off.[Chapter 16] About a half hour after leaving the dock, we saw a big ship. So we all left our positions and started waving our hands, trying to get their attention. About 5 minutes later, the boat started heading towards us. When it got to us, we saw Frank at the side of the ship, looking shocked. \"What are you doing here?\" Frank asked. \"Well he doesn't sound very happy to see us.\" I said jokingly, making Joni laugh slightly. \"We're stopping you. Dad. We have a confession.\" Christina said. \"We were behind everything. All the fights.\" Phoebe slipped in. \"We tried to break you and mom up. So we could go back to the way things were.\" Dylan told him. \"We made a huge mistake. And we realized that we should all be a family.\" William interrupted. Everyone then started yelling, trying to get him to come back. \"I'm sorry, guys. It's already too late. Your mom is really-\" Frank started, but was interrupted by the lighthouse light turning on. Frank then told them to turn the ship around. We arrived at the docks, and he declined the job offer. We then drive home, where we were greeted me Helen and the rest of the kids. We walked up and Frank and Helen hugged. Everyone else started hugging after that. \"I'm sorry. This is where I belong.\" Frank said. \"Me too.\" Helen replied. \"And I think my kids agree.\" Frank told her, making the Beardsley's yell their agreements. \"Your kids?\" Helen smirked. \"Our kids.\" Frank replied, smiling while Helen laughed. \"Will you marry me again?\" \"Yeah. Only this time, the right way.\" Helen said. About a month later, they had the wedding. All of us girls were in white dresses while the guys wore white tuxedos. \"You know what we need?\" Frank asked. \"Group hug!\" He yelled making us all run in and hug before everyone started dancing. But then a slow song came in and all the couples went out to the floor. I was sitting with Mick, Joni, and Kelly joking around when someone cleared their throat behind me. I turned and saw Michael looking nervous, so I just looked at him questionably. \"Um...do you want to dance?\" Michael asked nervously, looking at his shoes. I quickly turned and made the begging sign at Joni, making Mick and Kelly laugh while Joni just sighed and ushered for me to go. \"I would love to.\" I told him, smiling whiling walking out. When we got out I put my hands on his shoulders while he put his on my waist. We danced for little bit before he pulled me to the side. \"I'm not usually the one to ask girls out so you'll have to tell me if I mess up. But, would you go out with me?\" Michael asked nervously, but still looking at me. I smiled and quickly kissed his cheek. \"Does that answer your question?\" I asked sarcastically before intertwining our fingers and pulling him out to the dance floor. Usually I hate change. But maybe a little change isn't so bad after all. And to think, we actually fit all of our names into the answering machine. The End ","Summary":" Hey Guys! This is my new story, The Extra! I am just going to change up the ages a little. Michael,"},{"Movie":"Yours, Mine, and Ours","Title":"Temporary Insanity","Author":"Mind Static","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2872520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WARNING: This story is AU − Alternate Universe , thank you very much. For those of you, who are sickened at the thought of Dylan and Phoebe together as a couple, please don't read the piece and pass judgment on it based on the controversial themes. As a precaution, this story may include an adopted brother – adopted sister relationship, teenage alcohol abuse, teenage prescription drug abuse, violence, profanity and many other coming of age topics. In this story: Helen's adopted kids: Dylan (16), Naoko (14), Jimi (11), Lau (9), and Marisa & Bina (8) Helen's biological kids: Phoebe (17), Mick (12), Joni (10) and Aldo (4) You have been told. Now enjoy. :D Temporary Loss of Sanity Chapter One: Mood Ring It starts in New York City. The air is oddly cold and foggy on a summer evening in Manhattan. Phoebe North sits in her apartment with arms tightly folded over her chest. Her parents have been gone for a while and only now does the youngster begin to wonder. She kicks off her Converse, one by one, and watches the scuffed fire engine red sneakers hit the floor, landing beside the guitar her father had bought her from a secondhand shop days ago. Mrs. Jones, the elderly woman who lives across the hall, is sitting in the arm chair across from Phoebe. Some Latino soap opera is playing across the television screen and Mrs. Jones seems to be doing more television watching than babysitting. Phoebe passionately argued that she was old enough to take care of the kids while her parents stepped out, but her mother wouldn't have it. It was one of the few rules Helen North had. Phoebe sits with disappointment on her face. Her father had promised he'd teach her a song but then he got dragged away, babbling to the North children about a special surprise. Obediently, Phoebe sits, bored out of her mind, having to endure Jodi practicing her saxophone and the howling of Mick's new puppy. Her eyelids are drawing closed when she hears the familiar squeak of the front door and shoots up in her seat. As the door opens, Phoebe jumps to her feet before Mrs. Jones can even blink. The brunette runs down the hallway only to stop cold in her tracks. There standing between her smiling mother and smirking father is a small boy who looks about her age. He's thin and pale with a messy mop of brown hair, long bangs falling in his eyes. \"Who's he?\" Phoebe questions bluntly. \"Phoebe,\" her father, Peter North, addresses her in his velvet voice that seems like the only thing that calms Phoebe when she's in the midst of a loud, kicking and screaming tantrum. He steps towards her and Phoebe takes a step back. \"Sweetheart, remember when your mother and I talked to you about maybe… extending the family?\" Phoebe cautiously nods. \"Well, honey, this is Dylan, Dylan North , your new brother,\" Helen North explains and gives the young boy an affectionate squeeze on the shoulder. \"He's going to be staying with us indefinitely .\" \"Let's all just sit down and talk about what this means, okay?\" Mr. North ushers the shy boy into the apartment, dragging a red suitcase behind him. No more questions are asked. No more answers are given. Helen loudly calls for the other children and shaking her head, Phoebe grabs her guitar and dashes down the hall. All that's heard is the echoing of the slammed door. With a sigh, Mr. North massages his temples and mentally prepared for a talk with his oldest child. He easily moves through the room she shares with her sister and finds the tiny brunette sitting out on the rusty, metal fire escape. She has her guitar on her lap and her thin legs hang over the side, watching as the sun sets and the lights go on street by street. Peter groans, trying to crawl through the window to reach his daughter. \"Hey Rockstar, when you kids are teenagers this fire escape is going to be a huge problem isn't it?\" Mr. North asks jokingly. Phoebe feels his intrusive gaze and immediately looks away, refusing to make eye contact. \"Phoebe, what's wrong?\" \"Why do we need another brother?\" Phoebe asks sharply, whipping her head to look at her father. \"I already have a brother and a sister. Why do I need another one?\" \"Some kids aren't as luck as you or Mick or Joni. Dylan, he's a great kid and he has no other place to go,\" Mr. North tries to explain such a difficult subject, twiddling his large thumbs. \"Phoebe, we talked about adopting remember? We talked about bringing someone who doesn't have a family into our family.\" \"We also talked about moving back to mom's hometown,\" Phoebe shoots back, \"but noooo, we're still in New York City.\" \"You'd rather be a country girl?\" Peter questions laughingly and receives a playful shove from his daughter. \"Your mom doesn't think it's a good idea, raising you guys in the city, but hey, I grew up here. The city has so much energy and the people here have such passion for what they love. You can't get this in New London, kiddo.\" Phoebe can't help, but soften, loving the sheer zeal glazing her father's dark eyes. She squirms in her seat and sighs, \"how long is he going to stay?\" \"Phoebe, he's going to be apart of the family,\" Mr. North stresses, watching his little girl's expression turn sour. \"I'm sure you'll love Dylan. He's a couple of months younger than you. He likes to draw and he's pretty good with a guitar too.\" \"Is that why you brought him here?\" Phoebe shouts angrily, her dark eyes narrowed. \"Is he better than me? Do you love him more because he can play guitar better than me?\" \"Hey, you're my Rockstar, Pheebs, and no one will ever change that,\" Peter assures her, wrapping his arm around her thin shoulders, smiling. \"Plus, your sister can't hit a single note with that sax yet I still love her and she has the passion to play. That's all that matters.\" Phoebe giggles, knowing his words to be true. \"Phoebe, Peter, dinner!\" Helen's voice echoes through the small Brooklyn apartment. Obediently, Peter crawls back through the window and glances at his daughter whose large doe eyes are still locked on the busy street below. \"Phoebe…\" \"I'll be there in a minute, dad,\" Phoebe says with a smile, looking over her shoulder. With that, he disappears through the door and around the corner. Phoebe stays awhile, lightly strumming her fingertips against the strings of her electric guitar. \"You're good,\" says a quiet voice from behind. Phoebe stops for a second and turns back to look through the window. There she sees the rather shy boy with a lopsided, boyish grin on his face. He has his hands in the pockets of his ripped, faded blue jeans as his chocolate brown eyes search for acceptance. \"Maybe we could play together sometime…\" \"Maybe…\" Phoebe mutters beneath her breath. She thrusts her guitar back in through the window and Dylan gently takes it in his hands, placing it on its stand in the corner of the room. Together the two walk in silence, headed for a dinner table now set for one more. \"I'm Phoebe,\" she says in the sweetest voice she can muster. \"What's your name again?\" \"Dylan,\" the boy responds. \"Welcome home, Dylan…\" … Seven years later… Dylan North wakes to the sound of two voices in a screaming match at 2 AM. He sits up in bed, allowing the sheets to roll down his lean torso. He's immediately reminded of New York City, his birthplace, his former home. He's reminded of the bum who sits on the corner and cusses out everyone who strolls by past midnight. He's reminded of their next door neighbor, Mrs. Jones, whenever her son, a struggling pizza delivery boy and drug dealer, begs for money. Most of all, he's reminded of Phoebe. He knows her voice all too well. Curious, Dylan slips out of bed and walks over to the window, peering outside. He isn't surprised by the sight. He's actually rather annoyed, seeing two figures fighting in front of a candy apple red Corvette. It's just Phoebe and her flavor of the week. Dylan can't even remember the guy's name and he doesn't care to commit it to memory. Just like all of Phoebe's other boyfriends, this one will be gone in a week or so. Sighing, Dylan feels sleep weighing down his eyelids and staggers back to his bed. He falls onto layers and layers of pillows and blankets. He stares up at the watchful eyes spray painted onto the wall above, slowly lulling back into unconsciousness. Just as his mind blocks out the screams and yelling from outside, snores erupt from across the room. Grumpily sitting up in bed, Dylan pulls a pillow into his hands and uses all his strength to hurl it across the room. It smacks straight into the older, sleeping boy and William Beardsley groans loudly, only to roll over and bring silence to the room once again. Dylan hears William mumble obscenities in his sleep and Dylan can't help but chuckle, both stopping the snoring and annoying William all at once, killing two birds with one stone or well, a pillow. Just as he's about to search for a comfortable position, Dylan winces when he hears a loud engine roar to life. It breaks the five seconds of silence Dylan had been desperate for. As the car zooms down the hill, the deafening sound soon dies in the distance. With a sign of relief, Dylan snuggles into his pillow, yanking the sheets over his head. Suddenly the door of the shared boys' bedroom slowly creaks open and Dylan's initial reaction is to fake sleep. Dylan hears the pitter patter of sneakers against the wooden floorboards before he's forcefully grabbed by the shoulders and violently shaken from side to side. He groans aloud and his eyes snap open in a glare. \"The hell do you think you're doing?!\" \"Dylan, no time,\" Phoebe says, quickly grabbing his electric guitar from its stand. Dylan sees that Phoebe has her own guitar safely strapped to her back as she busily moves around the room. Being the heartthrob that he is, Dylan can read girls like mood rings. Immediately, he knows not to mess with Phoebe who seems to be in a terrible mood. \"Get up.\" \"Phoebe, I'm tired…\" \"Dylan, I'm inspired…\" Usually he'd be amused by the spontaneous rhyming, but he's too tired to even respond. Growling, Dylan tries to lie back in bed and hide his head beneath a nearby pillow. Sighing irritably, Phoebe yanks his arm, accidentally (on purpose) causing Dylan to fall out of his bed. His arm hits the bedside table and knocks a few cans of spray paint to the floor along with him. Dylan lands on his back, staring up at Phoebe's completely vacant eyes. \"Hey! Can't you see I'm trying to sleep here? Take it outside!\" William yells in his best impersonation of his father. \"Damn musicians…\" A reluctant Dylan drags his feet against the floor, following Phoebe to the lighthouse basement. Besides serving as a storage and laundry room, the basement is also known as a haven for the family musicians. The walls are covered with posters of music legends (the Beatles, the Clash, the Ramones, ect.) and graffiti (some tasteful, some random). Phoebe hits a switch and brings the strung Christmas lights to life. The determined musician immediately goes to plug her electric guitar into an amp while Dylan sluggishly yawns and drops down onto the beaten brown couch. He soon begins to drift off again, finding it painful to keep his eyes open. Meanwhile Phoebe goes through the basement, turning on every light her fingers find. When spotting the lead singer half-asleep, Phoebe twists a knob to maximum volume and strums randomly, the amplifier right by Dylan's head. Dylan snaps awake in horror at such a horrible sound and Phoebe smirks triumphantly. \"DYLAN, KEEP IT DOWN!\" The teenage boy fills with irritation, hearing his stepfather's screams from the ceiling. Phoebe simply smiles, obviously enjoying the fact that she evaded the blame yet again, letting it fall on the shoulders of the lead singer− something Dylan's grown used to. \"It's nice to see you decided to join me back in the world of the awake,\" Phoebe says, her voice eerily calm. Dylan shoots her an angry look and Phoebe sighs, slumping down beside him. \"Dylan, could you please pay attention for once in your life? I swear, sometimes I wonder if I'm the only one that actually cares about the music.\" \"I do care about the music,\" he argues, rubbing his sore eardrums. \"Of all people, you should know that, Pheebs. What I don't get is why we have to start so fucking early in the morning! Battle of the Bands isn't even till July. It's fucking April so chill out.\" \"Can we just…start, please?\" Phoebe asks; her voice so much softer Dylan's surprised. She holds out a pad of paper and pen towards Dylan, looking up at him with those damn sad eyes of hers. He's seen her use this look to con so many people before him, yet just like those others, he falls victim every time. He soon gives in and they begin to work. They slave over sheet music and guitar strings for three and a half hours straight. Dylan's fighting back the urge to fall over while Phoebe seems cursed with a bad case of insomnia. To make things worse, she criticizes every little thing he does. He's singing in the wrong key, he's playing the wrong chord, his lyrics sound cheesy then his lyrics sound suicidal. The list goes on and she makes sure to let him know that she has a problem with every little detail. \"Phoebe,\" Dylan cries out, ready to rip his gorgeous hair from his head. \"It's five thirty in the morning! We're supposed to be waking up in half an hour. Can you please let me sleep? We're obviously getting nowhere!\" Out of sheer frustration, Dylan rips the piece of paper from the spine of the book, angrily crushing it in the palm of his hand. He throws it towards the trashcan where it lands with another ten crumpled balls of paper. All ten are failed attempts that accumulated over the span of almost four hours. \"I don't think you get it, Dylan,\" Phoebe spits venomously and Dylan almost backs away in fright. \"Everything has to be perfect . There's no way I'm going to let my bastard ex-boyfriend and his little band of wannabe emo losers take this away from us. Now, let's try the chorus again without it sounding like the marching band after a drinking game.\" \"So this is about a dude? What happened to being all about the music, Phoebe? This isn't about the music at all. It's about revenge,\" Dylan scowls. Everything clicks and it all boils over. \"First you wake me up, almost break my arm, shatter my eardrums and then you yell at me even when I'm playing perfect. You know what? I'm done for today so I suggest you go find someone else who cares because I know I don't.\" Dylan mentally prepares himself for the backlash and he's stunned when it doesn't come. Phoebe quietly stands from the couch and walks to the backdoor of the basement. She pulls it open with a squeak and walks out, piercingly slamming it behind her. Dylan folds his arms over his chest and stubbornly glares at the door. His eyelids slide close and he celebrates in the silence he's been craving for the last few hours. Again, the silence is broken though it's not from screaming or loud car engines or music. Dylan hears whimpering. Phoebe isn't exactly known for crying or showing weakness. Dylan knows her well enough to see how she struggles, how she tries to hide her insecurities. No matter what her mood ring says, what mask she chooses to wear, Dylan's always able to look pass her walls and see a broken little girl with a guitar. Slowly standing from his slouched position on the couch, Dylan walks out into the cool, early New London morning. He sees Phoebe sitting on the edge of the cliff, staring out into the ocean. With his hands in the pockets of his jeans, Dylan slowly approaches her with caution. \"Pheebs…\" \"What?\" she shouts quite angrily. Her hands immediately rise to chase away her tears, soaking into the sleeve of her blouse. She swallows her sobs, making it seem as if she hasn't been balling for the last few minutes. \"What are you doing out here? I thought you didn't care?\" \"I do care!\" Dylan retorts before exhaustedly dropping to his knees with a sigh. \"I care about you, Pheebs. I care about the music. I care about winning the competition. It's just when you start fussing and criticizing every stupid thing I do. That's when it gets hard…\" \"What's wrong with wanting to be perfect?\" Phoebe asks softly, glancing in his directions. Locks of her beautiful brown, almost red hair falls in front of her face, being swept uncontrollably by the wind. Phoebe just looks away, tucking her hair behind her ear. \"Nothing, it's just when you obsess over it then it isn't too cool. We're going to be awesome up there on stage no matter what. Why can't you see that?\" Dylan questions in a soft voice, no longer irritated or angry. It's quiet and Phoebe struggles to get out what's obvious. \"You're right,\" she admits with eyes on the green grass. \"I guess I got a little carried away, but, seriously, I will rip my hair out if that arrogant, irritating wannabe Gene Simmons cheating loser won the competition.\" \"Cheating loser?\" Dylan repeats questioningly, shooting her a rather sympathetic look. Deep down, he knows the answer to the question. He knew it all along. Dylan studies her profile since she doesn't have the strength to look him straight on. He knows Phoebe won't explain herself, explain something that hurt her. Dylan knew it, knew it since two o'clock this morning, since the first time Phoebe started dating this guy. He's the person she was screaming at. Her fight with him was the reason Dylan woke up. He's the reason Phoebe's so worked up. He's the reason she's so determined to prove herself. \"I want us to be perfect and practice makes perfect,\" Phoebe speaks after a long pause. \"It still is about the music. It always is. Seeing his face when we win is just icing on the cake.\" \"Forget him, Pheebs. I've got like tons of friends who want to date you,\" Dylan says lightheartedly, trying to be reassuring though in reality, he'd never let any of his friends date her. She deserves more than the tormented artists and troubled musicians that he hangs out with. \"Why'd you date that loser in the first place?\" \"Well, it wasn't like I had any better offers,\" Phoebe says with a humorless laugh. \"You'll find someone, Pheebs,\" Dylan assures her with a smile, wrapping his arm around her shoulders in an offering of comfort. The wind blows wildly as the sun starts to rise and brighten the sky. With his free hand, Dylan sweeps loose stands of hair away from her face and behind her ear. Momentarily, he loses himself in the beauty of her eyes. In that moment something happens. Something changes. Dylan fails at understanding and controlling the warm sensation that fills his chest, the way his heart thumps wildly against his ribcage. He's suddenly overwhelmed with the need to protect her. No one is good enough for her. He loves her. As the two stare at each other, the horrible sound of Joni's saxophone breaks their concentration, causing the two to quickly, awkwardly look away. \"I guess we should go back inside,\" Phoebe says, standing and dusting the grass off her skinny jeans. The next thing Dylan hears is the sound of the back door opening and slamming shut. With a sigh, Dylan falls backwards, lying on the green grass at the edge of the lighthouse's cliff. He stares up into the early morning sky with a puzzled expression on his young face. Strangely, he's confused. Even worse, he likes the feeling.[Chapter 2] TemporarynLose of Sanity ChapternTwo: My Past is Your Past It'snlate into the afternoon when Phoebe's over her insomnia kick. She'snsprawled out across the old and beaten couch in the basement, eyesnshut tight and breathing stable. Dylan stifles a yawn and runs hisnfingers through his brown locks that look as if they've never met anhairbrush. He's still tired from staying up half the night tryingnto write a song just to get nowhere. The rest of the band is supposednto come over soon and Dylan knows for a fact that they'll donstrange things to him if they found him asleep. Anclassic prank the bassist and drummer of their yet-to-be-named bandnincluded Dylan in a deep sleep, pig slump dumped onto his sleepingnbody and Fiona on Dylan, eating dinner off his face. Dylan woke up,nscreaming in sheer horror while the boys and Phoebe laughed and tooknpictures that ended up online within hours. Phoebe didn't even trynto warn him, idly sitting by and joining in on the laughter. Dylannsecretly envies how Phoebe can sleep without a care in the world. Thenboys know better than to mess with her. When pissed off, Phoebe isnlike Godzilla on a rampage and even the boys aren't stupid enoughnto test her. They'd never dared to prank her. Instead, they bringnher gifts (most likely food) each trip to the lighthouse. They treatnher like a princess, their sweetness making Dylan gag each time. Lyingnon the ugly, shag carpet of the basement, Dylan has a pencil andnsketchbook in front of him. He glances up at a sleeping Phoebe,ntrying to get every detail of her face just perfect. She looks sonpeaceful, so natural. She doesn't resemble that scary girl thatncommanded him to slave over a sheet of music without a break earliernin the day. After catching himself staring a bit too long at thensketch, he shuts his book and rolls onto his back with a groan. Thenbusted radio leaves the room in complete silence. Too lazy to pick upnan instrument or a pencil, Dylan's forced to find other means ofnentertainment. He thinks of Jason for a lingering moment and can feelnthe anger boiling deep within his veins. The jerk broke Phoebe'snheart. Dylan hates seeing her sad. Even more so, he hates watchingnher come home night after night, in and out of relationships as oftennas she is. Younbroke my heart in two, Now I ain't got no duct tape to put itntogether for you. When I met you I thought I would die, Inwanted to cry. Didn't know you were evil or that you would hurtnme, Mr. Sci-Fi freaky band guy. Dylannlaughs softly to himself, wishing that he had written it downnsomewhere. The crappy little song is set to the tune of some oldncountry song he had heard once upon a time. Dylan isn't intoncountry. He worships bands like the Beatles and the Who, stalking thenlikes of Bishop Allen and Vampire Weekend. He knows for a fact thatnJohn Lennon would be shaking his head in shame if he heard that lamenbit about Phoebe's ex. \"Mr.nSci-fi freaky band guy?\" questions a voice from across the room,naccompanied by little laugh. Dylan's slightly startled, but thennsees Phoebe awake, hair all askew and smiles. \"Yup,\"nDylan confirms with a confident grin. \"Seriously, Pheebs, the guynhas a Darth Vader tattoo on his shoulder. That totally screams Sci-Finfreak and yeah, he's got a band too.\" \"Right,ndon't remind me,\" Phoebe groans and turns over on the couch,nassumingly seeking slumber once again. Dylan shrugs effortlessly andnjumps onto a rolling chair, spinning himself in a circle. \"Younknow, I remember the day you were adopted. I remember mom and dadnbringing you home…\" \"AllnI remember is you hating me,\" Dylan chuckles, continuing to spinnround and round. \"Yeah,nI did,\" Phoebe sleepily confesses. \"I mean, I freaked. I wasnten…\" \"Younfreaked me out and on my first day,\" Dylan admits, kicking againstna pillar wrapped in a defaced Hannah Montana poster. The back of hisnchair hits the couch Phoebe's lounging on and he tilts his head upnto look at her, their eyes meeting. \"But hey, we do play togethernand we are awesome.\" \"Sonhow did you learn how to play guitar before you became a North?\"nPhoebe asks with great interest. The question has always crossed hernmind from time to time. She always wanted to know, but never asked. \"Well,num, I use to run away from the orphanage on a daily basis. I'd walknthe streets and somehow always end up at this little hole-in-the-wallnrecord store on Bleaker. I just…felt at home. The owner of the shopnclaimed to know my biological parents. He said my dad was a musiciannand I looked just like him. He sort of had a soft spot for me andngave me short, free lessons.\" \"Younwere good,\" Phoebe sighs. \"Dad always said you were the nextnLennon.\" \"Yeah,nbut you were always his Rockstar,\" Dylan reminds her, loving thensmall yet sad smile that graces her face. He knows it's a toughntopic for Phoebe. Losing her dad is the worst thing to happen to hernand it turned their world upside down. \"Younstarted it all,\" Phoebe laughs and for a moment Dylan doesn'tnknow what she means. He doesn't worry though because her expressionnis playful and she tosses a pillow at him. \"In the last seven yearsnwe went from three kids to ten kids, but I'd never take it back.nWithout you…I don't know if I would have gotten through dad's…younknow…\" \"It'snalright, Pheebs…it's alright…\" Dylannremembers that cold day in New York, walking down the grassy hillnafter the ceremony. Mr. Peter Anthony North is now six feet under andnwatching the casket be lowered into the ground was the hardest thingnhe had to endure ever. All of the people in attendance immediately gonto comfort Helen and the younger, devastated children. Dylan justnneeds an escape for just a moment. He loosens his tie, oxygen notnquite meeting his lungs. Seeingna familiar girl dressed in black sitting beneath a tree, Dylan makesnhis way towards her. His throat is dry. He doesn't know the wordsnto say. The nerves in him seem to explode when he sees the brunettenwith glistening cheeks. It's the very first time he's a witnessnto Phoebe North crying. \" Hey…\" Phoebenglances up at him, looking so fatigued and broken. The tears continuento draw streams down her pale cheeks and she says nothing. Dylannholds his breath, looking into her eyes for five seconds at least.nPhoebe then looks away and Dylan doesn't hesitate to sit in thendirt beside her. He wraps an arm around her trembling shoulders andnshe turns to cry on his shoulder. \" Indon't get it, Dylan,\" Phoebe mutters through her tears. \"He'sngone. I was in the car with him. You were in the car with him. Whynhim and not us? What are we going to do? Mom's pregnant and ournyoungest brother is going to have to grow up, not knowing dad! Hasnshe gone crazy? She wants to move us to Connecticut! Dad loves thencity. How can we just pick up all our stuff and walk away?\" Loves.nShe uses the present tense and Dylan feels his heart break for her. \" Phoebe,nit's hard for her,\" Dylan tries to explain though he stillndoesn't really know what to say. \"This was dad's city.nEverything around here just screams dad. It's too hard for her,nPheebs. She needs an escape.\" \" Dylan,nwhat about my friends, our friends, the band we've been talkingnabout putting together?\" Phoebe questions fierily. \"They neednus.\" \" Momnneeds us, Phoebe,\" Dylan sighs, pulling her tighter to him. \"Plus,nyou lived in New London before.\" \" Wenmoved to New York when I was five. Yeah, D, I made tones of friendsnback in Middle of Nowhere, Connecticut,\" Phoebe says with sarcasm,nrolling her eyes. \"I bet they'll be a bunch of stuck up preppyncountry kids. What exactly is in Connecticut? God, the city has suchnunexplainable energy and I'm pretty sure New London won'tncompare.\" \" Probably,\"nDylan absentmindedly agrees, a smile creeping its way onto his face.n\"Dad always said the city had energy like no other place in thenworld. Connecticut may not be able to compare, but we just have tondeal. C'mon, we're Norths, we'll bring the energy to NewnLondon. We'll show those evil preppies how we rock.\" \" Theynbetter be ready,\" she grins. \"We definitely know how to rock andnthere are a lot of us.\" \" Seriously,\"nhe chuckles, \"We're the oldest and that means we need to takencare of the others, especially mom and the baby. You gotta help menbecause I know I can't take care of em' on my own.\" \" Ofncourse,\" Phoebe nods. \" Inpromise.\" Dylannholds her even tighter and Phoebe allows her head to hit nicely innthe crook of his neck. Dylan wants to be strong even though he'snjust lost the only father figure he had ever had. Now he has to stepnup and take care of the family. It's a tough job especially withnnine other siblings. The two simply sit together under that tree innthe cemetery until Naoko finds them. They quickly separate and treknback up the hill, ready to face the future. Dylannstares at his sneakers after reliving a moment from their past. It'snnow that he realizes how much they've gone through together,nespecially after the move to New London and the birth of their tenthnsibling, Aldo. New London High is pretty much the preppy capital ofnthe world; however, their mother is an alumni and she insists on themnfollowed in her footsteps. Eventually they manage to find some talentnand eventually form a band. \"Whyndo you always do that, Rodge?\" \"Whatnthe fuck, Hunter? I was being friendly.\" \"Younwere flirting with Christina. Last time I checked your girlfriend's name is Silver .\" \"Damnndude, get off my ass, you psycho incestuous homo.\" \"Fucknyou, man.\" Phoebengroans irritably and presses her face into the arm of the couch,ntrying to stop the bits and pieces of a conversation from meeting hernears. Dylan sighs with slumping shoulders and jumps to his feet,nquickly flinging the back door wide open. Two teenage boys, mid-fightnwith fists ready to strike, turn to Dylan with wide, innocent grins. \"Wenbrought the goods!\" \"Dearnlord,\" Dylan mumbles irritably, leaning heavily against the door.n\"Pheebs, whatever possessed us to let these two idiots into ournband?\" \"Utternstupidity,\" Phoebe dully replies; her voice muffled through thencushions of the couch. Grinningnlike the Cheshire cat straight out of Alice in Wonderland, RodgenMontgomery invites himself into the basement; carelessly tossing hisncar keys (with a little Pikachu figurine on the ring) to the coffeentable and carefully leans his bass up against the couch. He fallsninto the swirling chair Dylan once occupied, popping his dirtynConverse up against the arm of the couch. Rodgenis a senior at New London High, known for constantly causing scandalsnand drama, ruining friendships and having broken many hearts down thenhigh school halls. His hair is jet black and floppy, falling in thenway of his dark, mischievous eyes most of the time. He wears a fittednwhite v-neck, black skinny jeans over his long, lanky legs andnstudded belts looped around his waist. Thenother is the three minute older and two inch taller HunternMontgomery. Known as the school's King of Jocks, Hunter isnpowerfully built, tan and gorgeous. His eyes are hidden by bronzentinted aviators, his hair, short, dark and tousled. He wears anHerculean smile on his fine, chiseled jaw, a blue, black and whitenplaid flannel shirt thrown sloppily over a simple white t-shirt andndrumsticks in the back pocket of his fitted, blue jeans. Phoebensits up and curiously watches as Hunter settles down beside her onnthe couch. She easily steals his sunglasses and he wraps his strongnarms around her in a gentle hug, pressing a sloppy kiss to her cheek.nShe groans irritably, wiping her cheek and he chuckles triumphantly.nOnce pulling back, Phoebe's lips quirk into a smile as she asks,n\"Whatcha bring me, Hunt?\" \"Onlynthe last four red velvet cupcakes down at Bliss Bakery,\" Hunternanswers giddily and the grin stretches across Phoebe's face as shenexcitedly clasps hers hands. She watches as the strong, muscular teennshoots his twin brother a glare. \"Well, now it's just three sincenRodge just had to give one to Christina.\" \"Getnover it, yah fatty,\" Rodge growls from across the room. \"Why donyou care anyways?\" \"BecausenChristina's nice and Silver trusts you,\" Hunter says slowly as ifnhe's trying to communicate with a mentally challenged youth.n\"Playing with their heads, it isn't cool, man.\" \"Dude,\"nRodge says slowly, staring curiously at his brother. \"That's likenthe gayest thing ever .\" \"Fucknyou, you Joe Jonas wannabe,\" scowls the captain of the footballnteam. \"Inlove Bliss cupcakes,\" Phoebe interrupts, ignoring the bickeringnbetween the two brothers. She easily flips open the flap of the mintngreen box and plucks out one of the three red velvet cupcakesncomplete with cream cheese frosting. \"Inlove watching you eat Bliss Cupcakes, pretty girl,\" Rodge smirks;nleering at Phoebe who rolls her eyes at the comment that isn'tnexactly a surprise especially coming from the school flirt. \"Rodge,nshut up,\" Dylan demands, slamming the door. He easily swoops in andnsteals the last cupcake, plopping down on the old coffee table thatncrackles beneath his weight. \"Screwnyou, North. We all know that one day your sister's going to wake upnand realize that I'm the guy for her,\" Rodge says with a wink atnthe only girl in the room. He rests his palms behind his head andncoolly leans back. \"Whether it's Phoebe or Christina that winsnme, well, how about we let an inflatable pool of pudding decide?\" Thenboys share a soft chuckle and Phoebe glares. \"RodgernJames Montgomery, you're a disgusting bastard, you know?\" \"Lovenyou too, babe,\" he smirks in reply. \"HeynPheebs,\" Hunter draws the brunette's attention before she cannlaunch herself across the basement and strangle his little brother.nHe places his large hands on her slim shoulders and forces her downnagainst the seat to which she responds with a quizzical look. \"Whatnis it, Hunt?\" \"Inwon't be able to make practice tomorrow,\" he sighs and rubs thenback of his neck − always a nervous little quirk when it comes tonHunter. Phoebe's face drops, Dylan looks away and Rodge pulls outnhis cell phone, texting like nothing has happened. \"Whatnthe fuck, Hunter?\" Phoebe explodes unexpectedly, looking to tearnthe jock's head off. \"Phoebe!\"nDylan calls warningly though she easily disregards it. \"Whatncould possibly be more important than the band?\" Phoebeninterrogates and Hunter stares down at his nervously twiddlingnfingers. At school and around town, Hunter is intimidationnpersonified, radiating aura that demands respect. Only the wrath ofnPhoebe North can reduce the quarterback to a scared little boy. \"It'snmy coach, Pheebs,\" Hunter continues, feeling guilty and afraid.n\"Listen, I've got some big name colleges: Penn State, GeorgianTech, Duke, Columbia and USC fighting over me. They want me, me ,nsome hometown hero from New London frickin' Connecticut. It's mynshot.\" \"Ifnit's what you want, Hunt, then you should do what you have to do.nChasing the dream, right?\" Dylan pipes in before Phoebe can get anword out. He smiles reassuringly at his friend and Phoebe seems tonsimmer, choosing to stare blankly at the wall across the room. \"BeforenMr. Sunshine and Rainbows can change the subject,\" Rodge cuts in,nshooting Dylan a playful grin. \"We seriously need to discuss thenpit of suckiness that is this band.\" \"Wendon't suck,\" Dylan argues, licking the light, fluffy cream cheesenfrosting from his upper lip. \"We just need a little inspiration isnall…\" \"Wenneed a miracle actually,\" Rodge counters hopelessly. Phoebe flingsna small pillow at him with all her strength, causing the high schoolnwomanizer to playfully smile and feign pain. Dylannsits back and looks at his band, the vengeance-seeking girl who wokenhim up at 2 AM to start writing, the boy trying to juggle his sportsncareer along with being the drummer of their band and last butncertainly not least, the womanizer who never knows when to shut up.nDylan would never voice it for fear of Phoebe's wrath, but there isnsome truth to Rodge's words. Theynneed a miracle.[Chapter 3] TemporarynInsanity ChapternThree: Brain like Scrambled Eggs Afterntoo much time spent wallowing in self-pity, they actually startnworking, sadly to no avail. The most progress the nameless band seemsnto make is Phoebe silently forgiving Hunter when he volunteers to gonpick up a pizza for lunch and brings her, just her, a whole applencrumb pie from their favorite bakery. Individually they're allncreative souls, but being crammed in one room on a humid Saturdaynafternoon results is a lack of creativity and more chaos. \"Girlsnshould stay in the kitchen and stop their bitchin'. Make me ansandwich, girl. Just don't make me hurl…\" Dylan reads the sheetnof paper out loud and the Rodge realizes it was funnier three hoursnago. With an irritated glare on his face, Dylan crumples the piece ofnpaper and shoots it off in the direction of the trashcan. \"Rodge,nyou're lame.\" \"Notnto mention a sexist pig,\" Phoebe is sure to add. \"Honestly, didnHunter get all the good genes? I swear, sometimes I can't believenyou two are actually twins.\" \"One,nI don't see you losers coming up with anything better. Two, it'snthe weekend! My brain is like scrambled eggs,\" Rodge fights, movingnhis perspiring body in front of the slowly spinning fan. \"Plus, myngirlfriend's been bitchin' at me for weeks now. She gave me annultimatum, the band or her.\" \"Rodge, please tell me you chose the band,\" Dylan practically begs, holding hisnbreath. He's good friends with both Rodge and his girlfriend,nSilver, though he isn't a big fan of them as a couple. They'renboth stubborn and explosive. It always leaves Dylan on edge, knowingnthis relationship can blow up at any second and force all of them tonchoose sides yet again. \"Yeah,nhe told her he chose the band,\" Phoebe says with sarcasm, curled upnin the recliner. \"Right after he told her about him cheating on hernwith that redhead cheerleader skank.\" \"Itnisn't considered cheating if we weren't together at the time,\" Rodge sneers defensively andnPhoebe rolls her eyes, not buying it. \"Silver and I were on anbreak, thank you very much.\" \"Aren'tnyou together right now?\" Phoebe asks to which Rodge nods a yes.n\"See, flirting with me is one thing. I know better than to evennconsider falling for a scum bag. Now Christina, she's a differentnstory.\" \"Inwasn't flirting with Christina,\" he denies heatedly. \"I wasnbeing nice.\" \"Dude,nyou gave Christina your cupcake,\" Hunter reminds him with a knowingngrin. \"You wouldn't even give grandma your cup cake and her bloodnsugar was dipping.\" \"Anyways,\"nRodge growls, his irritation building when he sees Phoebe and Hunternslyly high-five in triumph. He slicks back his hair and turns tonDylan who seems like the only one in the room not out to get him. \"Intold Silver I'd think about it and she got even more upset.\" Dylannshakes his head. \"Rodge, are you retarded? It's Silver we'rentalking about! Of course she got upset!\" \"Everything'snall fucked up with her,\" Rodge says with no emotion in his voice.nThe other three trade looks of concern. \"I don't even know how tontalk to her anymore. Ever since…you know…she's been different and I'm sick and tired of constantly fighting with her. I might asnwell just walk away now and let her be some other dude's problem.\" \"Ifnsomeone asked me if Rodge Montgomery was a bad guy five minutes ago,nI would have said he's a compulsive flirt, sure, but he has a goodnheart,\" Phoebe explains stoically. \"Now not so much. How can younjut write her off like that? I thought you loved her.\" Rodgenchuckles bitterly. \"I did too.\" \"That'snmessed up, man,\" Hunter mumbles under his breath. \"Silverndeserves better.\" Dylanncan see the dark look in Rodge's eyes. He knows the talentednbassist and he can anticipate an angry outburst. Dylan stands, \"Hey!nLet's get back to the reason we're here, okay? I know it's hotnand we aren't making much progress, but we need to focus. I mean,nwe don't even have a name yet.\" \"Younall hate my ideas so whatever,\" Rodge sneers irritably. \"That'snbecause your ideas make us sound cheap. Behind the Bleachers, really,nRodge, what is that?\" Phoebe asks, occasionally looking up from annotebook she's been flipping through. Rodge is a moment away from ansnarling retort when Hunter accidentally (on purpose) hurls hisndrumstick to the floor, almost hitting Phoebe. Being a mature highnschool senior, Phoebe finds a sneaker stuffed between the cushions ofnthe couch and hurls it at the drummer's head. \"Hey,ncut it out!\" Dylan shouts before Hunter has a chance to retaliate.nDylan stands between the two who resort to pulling immature faces atnone another. \"God, guys, can't we wait out the writer's blocknwithout killing each other?\" \"Whatevernman,\" Rodge groans, snapping his cell phone shut. He hoists himselfnup and off the ground, sitting and searching for his car keys.n\"Hunter, we gotta go. I promised mom we'd stop by the grocerynstore since she's working a double shift tonight.\" Phoebensnatches the silver car keys off from the table and Rodge simplynwalks out of the basement, looking annoyed. Hunter sighs when seeingnhis brother's demeanor and holds his hand out, giving Phoebe anstern look. She tosses him the keys and a grin breaks out on Hunter'snhandsome face as he pulls the girl into a binding embrace. \"We'rencool, right, Pheebs?\" \"Inguess,\" she answers playful. \"Your twin, now he's not exactlynon my good side.\" \"Yeah,nhe's been going through some shit, but he'll get over it and comencrawling back. He always does,\" he says though all Phoebe hears isnHunter yet again making excuses for his brother. Phoebe holds herntongue and tightens her arms around his neck. Hunter lifts Phoebe offnher feet for a moment, the two breaking apart in laughter. \"Seenyah.\" \"Hey,\"nPhoebe calls out. \"Don't you have a game this week?\" \"Tuesday,\"nHunter nods. \"It's my last one of the season, the championshipngame again Kennedy so it'd be nice if my real friends would show upnfor once and support me.\" \"Incan't make promises, Hunt, sorry,\" Phoebe says, cringing at thenidea of being around the peppy, loud and irking majority of theirnhigh school. It isn't exactly Phoebe's scene. Hunter frowns sadlynand it's like a jab to her heart. \"Hey Montgomery, if you losenI'll kick your ass!\" \"I'llnkeep that in mind,\" Hunter breaks out in a smile. Before walkingnout, he winks at her, an action so charming and beautiful it makesnmost girls swoon. \"Bye Pheebs. Bye Dylan.\" \"LaternHunt,\" Dylan calls dully, lazily locking the backdoor beforencrossing the room and sprawling out across the long, unoccupiedncouch. With his head hanging off the cushions, Dylan looks at Phoebenupside down, watching her continue to flip through the pages of anworn notebook. \"Rodgenis seriously getting out of hand, Dylan.\" \"Well,nit doesn't make things better when you pick fights with him,nPheebs.\" \"Ifnnot me, then who will?\" Phoebe asks and Dylan has no answer fornher. \"Seriously, someone needs to call out Rodge on all hisnbullshit. If not, he's going to think what he's doing is okaynwhich it most definitely isn't.\" \"Okay,nI surrender,\" Dylan says playfully, holding up his hands. Phoebenshrugs her thin shoulders and turns back to a small book in her lap,nher fingers flirting with the upper corner of the current page. \"Hey,nwhat's that?\" \"Huh?\"nPhoebe asks in reply, looking up from her journal. She instantlynshuts it and smiles weakly. \"Oh, nothing…just some old stuff Inwrote. It seriously sucks. That pathetic song Rodge wrote was tenntimes better than any of this.\" \"Trustnme, Pheebs, nothing can suck worst than that,\" Dylan laughs softlynand runs his palm across his tired face. He reaches his hand out andnPhoebe looks a tad bit nervous. \"Let me see…\" \"No!\"nPhoebe shouts, pressing her notebook to her chest and hugging itntightly. \"These are my deepest, most personal thoughts. No way am Ingoing to let you read any of this.\" BeforenDylan can put to action a foolproof plan to annoy Phoebe until shengives in and lets him see her notebook, Helen's voice echoesnthrough the lighthouse, calling all the children to dinner. Phoebeninstantly shoots out of her seat and marches towards the stairs,nslyly sliding her notebook into her backpack lying lifelessly on thenfloor. \"C'mon,nD, before Frank resurrects that stupid whistle.\" \"Inknow, like we're fucking dogs or something,\" Dylan scowls, hatingnthe monotonous routines Frank Beardsley had once tried to press uponntheir boundless family. \"You go ahead. I'm just going to, uh,ncheck all the amps and turn everything off.\" \"Cool,\"nPhoebe agrees, not giving his words much thought. Her eyes narrow forna moment and suddenly Dylan forces an innocent smile on his face. \"Inswear, Dylan, if you read my notebook I'll strangle you.\" \"Didn'tneven cross my mind,\" he coolly lies and she gives him one last looknbefore continuing up the stairs. After seeing her completely gone,nDylan's smile turns into one of mischief. \"But now that younmentioned it, I gotta have a peek.\" FirstnDylan goes to the electrical equipment and does as he said he would,nunplugging everything. He flips off lights and heads to the stairs.nThe little devil within him can't help it. He stops and stares atnthe red backpack on the floor, immediately consumed by curiosity. Hensits on the cold, basement steps and gingerly reaches into thenbackpack as if it were a crocodile's mouth. Quickly, he pulls outnthe notebook and takes a deep breath before diving in. Whennhe first opens the notebook, Dylan curses when all the colorfulnpamphlets fall out and scatters onto the floor. Each and every glossynpaper advertises a New York universities and college. It's onlynthen that Dylan remembers that Phoebe's a senior and leaving. Henflips through the pages and chuckles when seeing little doodles innthe margins. It isn't much of a diary. It's just lyrics,npotential hits that fill what was once nothing. Dylan skims throughnpage after page before realizing that he's halfway through thenbook. He smiles when he finds one in green ink. It's perfect. \"Dylan!\" \"Coming!\"nhe shouts automatically though refuses to budge. After stuffing allnthe pamphlets into the back of the book, he shoves it messily intonPhoebe's bag. As he heads up the stairs to the dinning room, Dylannhas a smirk on his face, filling his usual seat in between Joni andnJimi. Withntwenty people all seated at one really large table, dinner is hectic;nhowever, for the North-Beardsley family, it simply routine at thisnpoint. That's why they hardly invites their friends over for suppern− besides the rare moments when the Montgomery twins stay after anlong jam session in the basement. Normal people would usually benturned off by the ongoing drama between the Beardsleys and thenNorths, but at this point it's expected and routine. \"HeynDylan,\" Phoebe throws across the table, grinning impishly. \"Don'tnyou just love red velvet cupcakes?\" \"Yeah,nespecially from Bliss,\" Dylan continues, catching on to Phoebe'sngame. His eyes dart over to the J. Crew clad blonde and his lipsntwist in a grin. \"Christina, don't you just love red velvet cupcakes from Bliss?\" Thencheerleader keeps her eyes on her plate. \"I don't know whatnyou're talking about.\" \"Ohnplease,\" Phoebe sneers playfully, smiling at the way Christina'snface takes on a newfound shade of red. \"I heard about you flirtingnwith Rodge Montgomery. You do know he has a girlfriend, right?\" Christina'sneye twitches. \"Oh.\" \"ClairenSilverberg, usually goes by Silver, great taste in music, not songreat people skills. Oh, and her uncle owns Electric Lady Studios,nyou know, in Greenwich Village, built by Hendrix,\" Dylan explains,nsmiling to himself. \"She used to hang with us at New London, butnone too many dumb decisions and now she goes to this little all-girlsncatholic school up north.\" \"What'dnshe do?\" Christina wonders aloud. \"I'llntell you later,\" Phoebe grins, \"not real appropriate dinnernconversation.\" \"Silvernisn't that bad,\" William joins the conversation. \"Well, younhave to get to know her first and after…a couple months, she's anpretty cool person.\" Dylan'snbrows furrow. \"Silver isn't exactly your type of people, Willy .nHow would you know that?\" \"Younseem to be forgetting, Dyl ,\"nhe replies, clearing his throat, \"Silver was Brooke's bestnfriend.\" Thenentire dinner table falls silent besides the clinging of glasses andnforks scratching plates. Mostly sympathetic eyes fall on William whoncontinues to plow through his dinner with little emotion on his face.nBrooke Ferris is a name not said too often down the halls of thenlighthouse. After all, she is the first New London girl to stealnWilliam Beardsley's heart and shatter it. Downnthe table, a little boy fusses and it makes for a good distraction. \"AldonNorth, finish those carrots,\" Helen instructs an already grouchynfour-year-old who not-so-subtly tries to feed his vegetables to thenfamily pig. Dismayed over being caught, Aldo raises his headnviolently and crossed his arms across his chest. \"I'mna Beardsley, not a North!\" Aldo screams and utter silence fills thenroom. Forks fall out of suddenly numb hands, jaws go slack and eyesnwiden. Frank straightens in his seat, his smile proud and Phoebenglares with unadulterated hatred and pain. \"Dude,nthat's not cool,\" Jimi mutters to Dylan who can only nod. \"Fivenbucks says Phoebe freaks…\" \"Notneven I'm stupid enough to take that bet,\" Dylan quietly replies.n\"Go scam a Beardsley…\" \"Aldo!\"nPhoebe screams; her voice shaking as she fights for control of hernemotions. Her pretty brown eyes slant, glaring at the young boy. He'snfour. She's seventeen. They shouldn't have this argument;nhowever, when Phoebe's angry like she has been on this very longnSaturday, keeping her at bay is like fighting the wind. \"Phoebe,nAldo, let's all just calm down,\" Helen says slowly, trying tonkeep Mount Phoebe from erupting. \"It doesn't matter what our lastnname is. We're all one big happy family now.\" \"Itndoesn't matter?\" Phoebe repeats hotly, slamming a fork down ontonher meatless plate. \"How can you say our last name doesn'tnmatter? It's the last name we got from our real dad! That's all I have left of him and you want me to deny it?!\" Shovingnher chair backwards, Phoebe attempts to leave with furry on her face. \"Phoebe,nlet's be reasonable,\" Frank says calmly from across the room.nDespite his cool and collected tone, Phoebe keeps walking,ndisregarding him completely. \"Phoebe North, you get back here thisninstant, young lady!\" Standingnstill for a few seconds, Phoebe turns her disgusted glare on him him. \"Don'tnyou get it, Frank? I've been supporting of this marriage. Yeah, Inknow you'd expect this from a four-year-old, but it's just how Infeel. I'm glad you're happy together, really, but acting like myndad never existed is wrong.\" Her eyes scan over the faces at thentable, pausing for a moment on her stepfather before she stomps downnthe halls, her rampage ending with the slam of a door. \"What'snher problem?\" William questions with a scoff, returning hisnattention to the plate of food before him. Honestly, he's sick ofnall the drama. Nothing's ever normal around the lighthouse. \"Shutnup, William,\" Christina hisses and lightly smacks her brother'snarm. \"Phoebe seemed really upset.\" Theneldest of the Beardsleys snorts, \"When is Phoebe not upset?\" \"Cutnit out, man,\" Dylan quickly interjects, wearing a glare of his own.n\"We, Norths, have been through shit you can't even imagine so Insuggest you shut your mouth before you say something that makes younlook like a bigger ass than you already are.\" Williamnglares. \"Like what?\" Dylan'snupset at the way William's pushing, fists ready, face angry. \"When,num, dad…died, we all took it pretty hard, but Phoebe took it thenhardest,\" Joni explains sadly, her hand on Dylan's arm, trying tonsettle him. She doesn't say more, fearing she's betraying hernsister. \"It'sntrue,\" Helen continues with a sad sigh, concerned eyes on thenceiling. \"Phoebe would starve herself to the point where she'snpass out, claiming she wanted to pass out so she wouldn't have tonlisten to the sound of everyone crying. It's also when she begannher radical campaigns to save the environment…the kids went throughnnecessary yet completely voluntary counseling and I thought we werenall starting to heal…\" \"Phoebe'snthe strongest person I know,\" Naoko cuts in with a sad smile on hernpale, Asian face. She'd never tell her, but Phoebe's somewhat ofna role model. \"If we give her some time she'll bounce back. Shenalways does.\" Dylannlooks around at his siblings, some new and some old. He then looks tonhis mother and stepfather, Helen's eyes glazed with nostalgia andnFrank ruthlessly cutting through his roast beef with a knife,nobviously uncomfortable with the way dinner conversation was going.nDylan can't seem to understand how everyone can talk about her,npity her and still do nothing about it. Suddenly,nhe drops his fork and pushes his chair back. Without a word, henshoves his cold hands into his pockets and quietly leaves the room,nmentally preparing himself for one hell of a pep talk.[Chapter 4] Temporary Insanity Chapter Four: It Could Be You To be perfectly honest, Dylan has no idea what he's going to say to Phoebe. The high school junior rounds the corner of the kitchen and cringes, walking quickly pass the room designated as Mrs. Munion's. Dylan really isn't in the mood to see the older woman during her routine evening martini. Quickly, Dylan walks through the doorway leading down to the basement. Hearing silent sobs, Dylan slows his pace, nearing the bottom of the stairs. \"It could be you…\" \"What?\" Phoebe questions with hostility. \"Go the fuck away, Dylan!\" \"Pheebs, chill!\" Dylan commands, trying to usher her away. Her fingertips are red having been used to pry open and dig through stacks of cardboard boxes, all in disarray. With a frustrated cry, Phoebe backs into the corner of the room, leaning back against one of the concrete walls. Her beautifully pale face is stained with tears as she blankly stared forward with glazed eyes. \"No one's asking you to forget dad…\" \"I can't go on living like this, Dylan,\" Phoebe huffs, falling back on her knees. \"I tried. I really tried to be okay with this whole one huge happy family thing mom keeps trying to sell us, but how can I while Aldo's calling Frank dad and refusing to be a North?\" \"You can't blame him, Pheebs,\" Dylan sighs. \"For one, he's four and he never got to know dad the way you and me did.\" \"I know,\" Phoebe confesses, her face taking on a guilty tint. She runs her hands along the smooth skin of her milky shoulders and stares at the ground. \"I just miss him, you know?\" Without saying a word, Dylan starts going through the boxes yet to be opened. If a search for some of their father's old belongings cheers up Phoebe then Dylan's going to search even if it kills him. He falls to his knees, sifting through boxes and boxes of crushed newspaper and clothing stained with his scent. Eventually they find an old vintage record player and a few vinyl records. Peter North was a great man and a talented musician. Throughout their childhood, he constantly surrounded them with music, taking them to local festivals and concerts. It was his life. Phoebe and Dylan are making sure that their father's dream lives on through them. At one point, Phoebe drifts off, but then is awoken by a sharp poke to her side. Her eyelids flutter open and she's met by large, chocolate doe eyes and a fluffy bush of hair. She smiles fondly at the child who's looking directly returning her gaze. Phoebe groans and sits up, allowing the little boy to crawl beside her on the couch. \"I'm sorry, Phoebe,\" Aldo apologizes in his little squeaky voice that enchants everyone who hears it. \"Mick and Jimi were saying I betrayed blood and should be thrown to the lions whatever that is, but I don't want to be thrown to the lions. Then Naoko said I made you sad and I don't like when you're sad, honest.\" \"It's okay, kiddo,\" Phoebe smiles gently. \"Dylan says it's because you miss daddy that you're sad.\" \"Dylan knows me better than I know myself,\" Phoebe admits to her little brother in the silence of the room. Aldo leans comfortably into him and her arm falls across his shoulders. Something catches her eye from across the room and she crawls to retrieve a framed photo from a box. \"Is that you?\" he gasps and immediately grasps the photograph with both of his little hands. \"Yeah, me and dad,\" Phoebe whispers with eye glazed over, running her fingertip against the smooth frame. It's an old black and white photograph of Peter North sitting with his favorite guitar, a beautiful Epiphone Elitist 1965 Casino. A little Phoebe in pigtails is sitting at his feet, watching him play with sheer admiration. \"I wish I got to meet him, Phoebe.\" \"Aw, I do too, Aldo,\" she whispers and lets her hand fall on his head. Phoebe reaches into another box, pulling out a photograph that seems equally as ancient. \"I was going to wait till you were older, but seeing as your birthday's this weekend…\" Aldo's little face brightens at the mention of his birthday and he takes the picture into his hands. It's a photo that was taken in the same black and white film (their father's favorite) with most of the adopted kids, Helen North and Peter North with his hand on his wife's enlarged abdomen. \"Whoa,\" Aldo mutters, \"momma's got a big belly.\" Phoebe laughs, \"Right, Al, that's you.\" It takes the young boy a moment before he gasps. \" Ohhh .\" \"So you did meet him,\" Phoebe says, smiling. \"Well, Sorta.\" \"Thanks for showing this to me, Phoebe.\" Aldo shows his gratitude and suddenly looks up at her with those large, innocent eyes. \"You forgive me, right?\" \"Of course,\" Phoebe answers with a small smile, encircling his small frame with her arms. \"I can't resist those North eyes. They're like kryptonite.\" Just like dad had. \"Hey Big Al,\" Dylan mumbles, coming down the stairs and smiling fondly at the oldest North kid embracing the youngest. \"Ethan says you better get your butt upstairs and help him clean up your toys before Frank has an aneurism.\" Phoebe laughs softly. \"Four-year-old Ethan used 'aneurism' in a sentence?\" \"Not exactly,\" Dylan guiltily responds. Phoebe raises an eyebrow in a challenging manner. \"Do you even know what an aneurism is?\" \"Do I look like a guy who stays awake during Physiology or even chose to take Physiology?\" Dylan asks rhetorically and jumps onto the couch, claiming the arm as his seat. Aldo tilts his head in adorable display of confusion and Dylan sighs. \"Just go, Al.\" \"Okay,\" the little boy sighs and stands after giving his sister an affectionate hug and peck on the cheek. \"Goodnight Phoebe. Goodnight Dylan.\" \"Hey! You better Google what an aneurism is and memorize it! I'm going to quiz you in the morning!\" Dylan shouts, pointing playfully at the young boy who jets off up the stairs and out of sight. Laughing softly, Dylan stares into the space at the foot of the steps and Phoebe stares at him. \"Thanks, Dylan…for everything…\" \"Thank you…for writing this song,\" Dylan says with a smirk as he pulls out the green notebook that he wasn't permitted to touch. Flipping through the pages, Dylan finds the specific one that caught his eye. \"It could be you…\" \"God Dylan, can you respect my privacy for once?\" Phoebe snaps, tearing the book from his loose fingers. With a frustrated growl, Phoebe stomps away, leaving Dylan sitting there, rather perturbed. Yanking the strap of his acoustic guitar securely across his chest, Dylan chases after Phoebe who's looking to retreat to her room. \"Phoebe!\" Dylan yells just to be answered by her bedroom door slamming shut in his face. Dylan simply sighs, pressing the back of his head to her door, slowly sliding down to the floor. \"I thought about your song, you know. It's awesome. It's all I could think about through dinner. Pheebs, listen...\" He plucks a guitar pick from his back pocket and positions his fingers perfectly against the frets and began strumming. Having forgotten the actual lyrics, Dylan hums how he imagined the melody would go. Enjoying himself, playing in the hallway, he nods his head to the beat, his hair falling across his face like a sheet of milk chocolate. All the crap they thought up earlier is nothing compared to this. Suddenly the door flies open causing Dylan to fall backwards, his head hitting the wooden floor hard. He looked up to see Phoebe standing there with one hand on her hip, pouting. \"You're playing it wrong…but I have to admit…it sounds better than I thought…\" Dylan sits up and watches as Phoebe walks deeper into her room, flipping open the familiar green notebook. Dylan soon joins her, plopping down on the edge of her bed, a bit hesitant that she might bite his head off once again. It's silent as Phoebe searches for the specific page and turns the notebook towards Dylan. She avoids his gaze at all cost and he looks over the words, smiling with glee. \"It's an amazing song,\" Dylan compliments her though Phoebe doesn't seem any less unnerved. \"So why were you holding out on us? We could have been working this when Dumb and Dumber were over. Now I'm kinda regretting telling Hunter to ditch tomorrow's practice for football.\" \"I can't sing it, Dylan,\" Phoebe says, staring down at her chipping nail polish. \"Come on, Pheebs, you don't sing that bad,\" Dylan says jokingly. He instantly regrets the remark when Phoebe shoots him such a serious expression that he gulps nervously. He's never seen her like this before. \"Why?\" \"It's about someone,\" Phoebe mutters, once again avoiding Dylan's eyes. \"Remember when I went on the NYU college visit during winter break? Yeah, I was totally homesick when I wrote this. I just couldn't wait to get home and see him again.\" With a slight smile on her face, Phoebe tucks loose strands of her hair behind her ear and finally looks to Dylan. \"Oh.\" Dylan looks away, seeing her face glazed with some sort of emotion he can't interpret − nostalgia maybe. Mentally he tries to figure out who she's talking about. Phoebe wasn't dating Jason at the time. If he could remember correctly she broke up with the guy with the BMV. Dylan smiles, remember how the band gave that BMV a new paint job that resembled a Jackson Pollock consisting of eggs, shaving cream, tooth paste and bologna. \"Pheebs…\" \"Yeah?\" \"The guy…it's not Rodge or Hunter, right?\" Dylan questions and Phoebe laughs out loud. A smirk breaks out across the musician's face when he sees her smile. She has a beautiful smile. Dylan's convinced that she could light the world with it if she showed if off more. \"Okay, I'm not stupid. Rodge is charming, but getting involved with him knowing he's a womanizer is like emotional suicide. Hunter's sweet, but I don't know if I can date a guy who chooses football over music,\" Phoebe explains, shaking her head. \"Plus, I don't get involved with guys in the band.\" \"Just making sure,\" Dylan nods, feeling a bit strange at the realization that he had been holding his breath while waiting for her answer. \"Um, if, yes, if we use this song I think it should be fast pace with shard chords.\" \"Cool…but you know, that's a big if,\" Phoebe counters. She turns her attention to the lyrics with a blue ballpoint pen in her hand. Dylan slides his fingers up and down the fret board, trying different chords, looking for something that would fit. As Dylan plays with the beat, Phoebe bites on the bottom of her lip, reading the lyrics over and over. It means a lot to her. To other people it's just words. To Phoebe it's her heart written on a piece of paper. Soon the two get more comfortable with it and the collaboration commences. By the time Dylan convinces Phoebe that the lyrics are perfect he has a tempo all worked out. They decide to make it a duet, knowing the twins won't argue. They echo and sing backup occasionally, but never lead. That's usually Dylan's role in the band though now he's decided to share it with Phoebe. You and me, all alone It's to late to say we didn't know We shouldn't be, all alone One of us might lose control All these feelings we've been hiding Deep down, yah they must start to show Not here, not now Watching my frustrations grow As Dylan stares down at the iron strings of his guitar, Phoebe glances at him with a small smile. It's a smile that disappears as soon as he turns towards her. I know what I feel and you feel it too I dream of the first kiss and who'll make the first move Who's gonna put their heart on the line It could be me It could be you, tonight Dylan can feel her watching him, her eyes burning into the side of his face. Things aren't the same as before. With this song, everything changes. Show me, who you are Stop me before I go to far 'Cuz it hurts, to hold back So hold me or I might crack I'm gasoline, you're the match I'm not sure if we could handle that It might explode, could be a mess I say we take the chance This is where the amazing guitar solo would go. Phoebe wants to make her father proud…make Dylan proud. I know what I feel and you feel it too I dream of the first kiss and who'll make the first move Who's gonna put their heart on the line It could be me…It could be you... tonight \"It was pretty good. At least we've got a chorus and a couple of verses down.\" \"Are you kidding? That was amazing!\" A moment of silence passes and leaves the two gazing into the other's eyes. They're both out of breath, panting heavily. Dylan flexes his fingers, numb from handling the guitar with such intensity. With one last sigh, Dylan let the acoustic guitar drop to the ground. He then looks over at Phoebe with a breathtakingly handsome grin. As if it's infectious, a slow smile makes its way across Phoebe's face too. Dylan pushes himself further towards the middle and leans back against the wall the bed is pushed up against. Phoebe mimics his movement, leaning her head against Dylan's broad shoulder. The two are still in awe at the work of art they produced. It's still raw and has a long way to go, but they're proud nonetheless. Nothing, no one could ruin the moment or wipe off the matching smiles the two North kids have on their faces. Dylan tilts his head downward, feeling his heart beating fast and hard against his ribcage, matching the pace of the song they just wrote. He doesn't have time to contemplate the palpitations of his heart because that's when he notices her staring at him. There's something in her eyes that makes his throat go dry and something within him snaps. It's as if his mind shuts down and his body goes into autopilot. All he sees is the beauty in her big chocolate brown eyes, staring at him so deeply, straight into his soul. He may have hesitated for a second, but it's only one second. Unable to control himself, Dylan lowers his head, gently brushes his lips against hers. He feels her lips linger against his before they break apart and reality comes crashing down on him like a ton of bricks. Phoebe's eyes are wide, shocked, confused and petrified. Scared shitless of what he's just done, Dylan jumps back, scrambling to the door like a frightened child. He trips over himself several times, needing to get away as quickly as possible. \"Yeah, Pheebs,\" he mumbles awkwardly, not looking back. \"I'll see you…uh…g'night…\" She doesn't say a thing. She says nothing because she's lost all motor skills, her body refusing to respond, refusing to move, most importantly refusing to stop him from leaving. The next thing Phoebe hears is the slamming of her bedroom door, scurrying down the hall and another slam. She doesn't blink once. This is where things get complicated. \"It Could Be You\" © Alexz Johnson[Chapter 5] Temporary Insanity Chapter Five: So Much Left Unsaid It's Sunday and all is silent in the lighthouse. Phoebe North leans back against wall beside her bed with smooth, porcelain legs folded beneath her. Her eyes are wide open, vacant and staring out the open window, her gaze off into the darkness that is the ocean. She has just emerged from the bathroom, having taken a shower in hopes that the steaming water could cleanse her mixed up mind, but all it did is leave her hair soaking wet. She knows the sun will be up in an hour or so and then the lighthouse will come alive with daily doings, arguments and fights. She knows that if she doesn't show up for breakfast that everyone (especially Helen) will bubble over with worry and pester her to no end. She also knows she has to leave the comforts of her bed and confront Dylan. The thought makes her shiver and pull her knees to her chest. She kissed Dylan or maybe Dylan kissed her, but that little detail is the least of her worries. The unthinkable has taken place and the worst part of all, Phoebe actually liked it. Most of all, Phoebe knows she needs help. At this point, having stayed awake more than half the night and rising before even the earliest of birds, she's even considering professional help, a psychologist maybe or even a therapist. Phoebe has no idea how she allowed things to slip from her control, for things to go so wrong. She knows everything's wrong especially her reaction to the kiss, the way she forgot everything. With that brief connection of their lips, she forgets about the battle of the bands and Jason, her lying, cheating evil ex-boyfriend. She feels Dylan's warmth and feeds off of it, becoming almost an addiction. He cares to much about her and Phoebe would never admit it, but knowing that scares her. Her pearly white teeth catch the flesh of her bottom lip and she bites hard. That's when she digs her nails into the soft cotton of her pillow and in one, quick, calculated throw, the pillow smacks into Christina who wakes with a loud groan. The blonde instantly snaps up, hair in total disarray. Her face is cranky, agitated and murderous. \"Phoebe North, what the fuck do you think you're doing?\" Christina screeches, groggily rubbing her eyes with the back of her hands. The high school junior steals a glance at the baby blue clock on her bedside table and loudly complains, \"It isn't even six o'clock yet!\" \"Christina…I'm confused.\" \"I can tell,\" Christina retorts. \"It's Sunday. We don't have school so there's no point in waking me up this freaking early. The show's over. Goodnight and see you when I'm not trying to catch up on beauty sleep.\" \"You wouldn't be so tired if you weren't up half the night texting Rodge…\" Christina gasps, her eyes snapping open in appall. \"How would you know that? Were you reading my text messages again? Phoebe!\" \"Not even trying to deny it, nice , cheerleader,\" the brunette grins with interest. She sighs, fingers busily chipping off her black nail polish. \"I'll never get why all the girls fall for Rodge. I mean, seriously, this whole new age love-the-boy-that-fucks-you-over thing is getting kinda old.\" Christina feels a need to be defensive. \"Wasn't that Jason's appeal?\" \"No,\" Phoebe laughs quietly, bitterly. \"Despite being a 'self-proclaimed bad boy' and yeah, fucking up everything a lot of the time, it was never his appeal. What got me was always his voice. Despite being a total asshole, Jason knows his music.\" \"Okay, Phoebe, what's the deal?\" Christina asks; her eyes softening and now wide awake. She stretches her arms out, lying flat atop her bed. She presses her elbows against the blue sheets and rests her chin on the backs of her hands. She's staring at Phoebe who in return avoids her stepsister's gaze. \"Nothing,\" Phoebe chickens out. Christina just lets out a boisterous laugh. \"Oh, Phoebe North, you didn't just wake me up early on a Sunday for nothing. This is something and something's telling me that it's a big, juicy something,\" Christina grins giddily. \"Does this have something to do with Jason?\" Phoebe just scoffs, hugging a nearby pillow. \"This has nothing to do with Jason.\" \"Oh, so it's another guy then…\" \"Why do you have to assume that it's a problem involving a guy?\" Phoebe asks defensively, nervously drumming her fingers against her knee. \"Because if it were about anything else besides a boy then you'd be waking Dylan up instead of me,\" Christina smartly replies. Phoebe cocks her head to the side, knowing that the statement made a lot of sense. She never really thought about it. \"So, what's up?\" \"I'm losing my sanity,\" Phoebe confesses before burying her face into a pillow. \"I could have told you that,\" Christina quips playfully despite the sleepy sensation still lingering over her eyelids. The blonde slowly slips out of her bed and migrates to Phoebe's. \"Are you gonna tell me? Because waking me up and withholding information is cruel even for you.\" \"Okay, say someone kissed me and this someone is like…a brother to me. I was totally caught off guard and then afterwards he just gets up and lefts without even saying anything,\" Phoebe rants, wearing her confusion on her face. \"Now things are going to be weird between us and I just broke up with Jason a day ago so I'm seriously not ready to face this. What am I supposed to do?\" \"Ew, you kissed William!\" Christina nearly shouts; her voice laced with shock. Phoebe instantly clamps her hand over Christina's little mouth. The brunette feels disturbed and disgusted at the very thought of kissing that khaki-loving, uptight wannabe military loser. \"Do you think I'm on drugs? Are you on drugs? How could you possibly jump to that conclusion?\" Phoebe hisses, finally removing her hand from Christina's face. Phoebe then stands and began to pace back and forth in front of their open window. \"No, he isn't William. Ugh, gross.\" \"Sorry,\" Christina sheepishly apologizes. \"I got a bit carried away. Now, who is this guy?\" \"I'm not telling you,\" Phoebe says firmly. \"Is it Hunter?\" Christina guessed and Phoebe refuses to react. \"You know, you two wouldn't be half-bad as a couple. I mean, he's sweet and gentle and not to mention gorgeous. You'd probably have him whipped within seconds, but I don't think he'd have time for you with his epic football career and everything. Still, your children would be so hot.\" \"Yeah, no,\" Phoebe replies much to Christina's dismay. \"Is it Rodge?\" Christina asks quietly and Phoebe can't help but pickup on the fear in the blonde's tremor of a voice. Phoebe sighs loudly and leans back against the wall, her silence bringing Christina to assume the worst. \"Wow, that's real nice, Phoebe, especially after spinning all that crap about his girlfriend and not getting why all the girls fall from him.\" \"Okay, one, he does have a girlfriend who's a good friend of mine and pretty much the definition of badass so I suggest you forget about him,\" Phoebe responds heatedly. \"Two, no, the mystery guy isn't Rodge. Three, I wasn't spinning crap. I really don't get why you all fall for him.\" Christina turns up her nose. \"I never said I did.\" \"This is so pointless,\" Phoebe huffs irritably, flopping down against her bed. \"Just an FYI as someone who really doesn't want to see you get hurt, he may seem sweet and charismatic and appealing and he really is at times, but you also get the Rodge who's arrogant, chauvinistic and a compulsive flirt.\" \"So then why are you friends with him?\" \"I know I should hate Rodge for being an ass, but we've known each other since the eighth grade and we constantly bitch at each other, but surprisingly he has my back and it doesn't hurt that he's a damn amazing musician,\" Phoebe immediately replies, \"and I know how to keep Rodge in check. I don't date him and if you're smart, you won't either.\" \"Fine,\" Christina says forcefully though Phoebe isn't sure the blonde's saying it because she really means it or because she wants Phoebe to shut up. \"If it isn't Hunter or Rodge, who is it?\" Phoebe refuses to answer; instead choosing to look intently into the distant sky and the rising sun. Christina continues to pester a stubborn Phoebe who refuses each time. They might have grown closer since their parents' marriage, but Phoebe isn't about to spill anything about her and Dylan to a big mouth like Christina Beardsley. \"Whatever. Don't tell me,\" Christina sighs and runs her fingers through her hair like a jungle of dirty blonde vines. \"I really don't know what to tell you, Phoebe, but speaking as someone who doesn't want to see you hurt, you need to talk to this mystery guy. Until then, obsessing over it is just going to eat you up inside.\" Phoebe sits still, looking as if she's contemplating the little piece of advice and Christina happily collects all her things needed for an early morning shower. She pushes pass the door and is immediately met by Dylan who's awkwardly standing there, still wearing his pajamas. Christina's face crinkles with confusion. \"What do you think you're doing?\" \"Waiting till one of you came out,\" Dylan replies eagerly, pulling up the sleeves of his long-sleeved gray shirt to his elbows. He crosses his arms over his chest and coolly leans back against the wall of the hallway. \"I think I left my guitar in your guys' room.\" \"One, we aren't guys. Two, get it yourself,\" Christina orders sharply. \"No! I can't!\" \"Why? You have legs, don't you?\" \"Because,\" Dylan says stubbornly, gritting his teeth. In a flash, Phoebe leaves the room and shoves the acoustic guitar into Dylan's arms before walking straight to the stairs. Dylan sighs and sluggishly retreats back to his room, leaving a dumfounded Christina standing there, wondering why Phoebe and Dylan are acting so strange this morning. Dylan enters his room with his fingers tightly clinging to the neck of his guitar, dragging it behind him. Dropping it carelessly onto his unmade bed, he stretches his tense arms out to the ceiling and then decides to join the rest of the family for breakfast. The morning rush has already begun with plates piled high with food being passed every which way direction. \"Dude, why didn't you tell me?\" Jimi questions the moment Dylan slides into his usual seat. Feeling the dark-skinned teen nudge him and chuckle, a wave of pure shock runs down Dylan's backbone. The young musician almost drops the entire pitcher of orange juice he's trying to pour. He looks over at his younger adopted brother with fright. \"Dude, Naoko could have taped it…\" \"Huh? T−tape? Tape what?\" Dylan falters, thinking the worse. \"Hello,\" Naoko joins in, her voice making the unknown seem like the most obvious thing in the world. \"My bedroom is right next to the one Phoebe and Christina share. I could hear you two through the walls.\" \"What?\" Dylan nearly shouts, mouth gaping. He looks down the long table, hoping no one heard the anxiety in his voice. His eye gives a nervous twitch and he can feel the light perspiration coat his forehead. How do they know? \"Dylan, dude, the song sounded awesome. Man, Naoko could have gotten some raw footage before you two get all famous,\" Jimi says and Dylan lets out a loud sigh of relief. He laughs nervously, finally allowing his shoulders to relax against the back of the chair. \"What did you think we were talking about?\" Dylan discretely steals a glance at Phoebe who's now making her way to the front door after hearing Frank holler for her. Completely forgetting about his untouched plate of food, Dylan stands and follows. The situation is a hard one to handle even for someone who writes emotionally charged songs on a daily basis. He doesn't know what to say, but he knows he has to confront her about it. Nearing the front porch, he takes a look out the window and spots a familiar Corvette. Shaking his head, all the courage Dylan built up in the last few sleepless hours disappear. He retreats to his beloved basement, suddenly losing his usually healthy appetite. There's this feeling lingering deep within him, one telling him that this is the part of the story where Phoebe and Jason makeup for what seems to be the five millionth time this month. He falls into his favorite chair, pulling an acoustic guitar into his lap. He strums, eye closed, expression tragic. I'm all mixed up, confused I don't know what to do 'Cuz I want to, I'd love to If I knew you'd want me to If you're getting any closer then I'm gonna have to scream I know what I feel and you feel it too I dream of the first kiss and who'll make the first move Who's gonna put their heart on the line It could be me It could be you, tonight An hour passes with him singing softly to himself, jotting down lyrics and chords, red ink staining his pale skin. Lyrics and scratched out words run up and down the length and sides of his arm. Dylan finally blinks, his creative energy weakening. He breathes a sigh, feeling as if he's coming down from a high. \"I think you just finished the song,\" says a female voice from behind. Dylan doesn't even turn to her, knowing who it is. His fingertips are raw and tingling, proof of his suffering for his art. \"I just came to get my backpack…\" There's no response and Phoebe doesn't even try to catch his gaze. Being in the same room brings back memories of last night, both good and bad. Phoebe wants neither. Dylan had seriously messed with her head last night and if there's one thing Phoebe absolutely hates, it's feeling helpless. One minute they're best friends and the next he's walking out on her, making her feel so alone and empty. \"What are you still doing here?\" Dylan questions and instantly Phoebe picks up on the cold disgust in his voice. \"I thought you and Jason would be in his Corvette catching up by now.\" He sounds so sure of himself and Phoebe glares. \"Is that seriously what you think of me?\" Dylan shrugs carelessly. \"I don't know what to think anymore.\" \"Jason left,\" she explains, \"He wanted a second chance and I told him to get lost. Frank kicked him off the property. That is, after I warned him we were going to kick his ass at the battle of the bands, of course.\" There's a long pause and Phoebe turns to the stairs, shrugging, \"Just so you know…\" \"Pheebs, wait.\" Dylan turns to face her, not afraid to show his, well, surprise. A moment ago he was absolutely certain she'd take Jason back especially after what happened last night. He thought she'd jump back into that relationship, something to hide her true feelings behind. She's growing up, certainly more mature than that girl who dated a jerk just so Christina couldn't have him. Phoebe takes the initiative, walking deeper into the basement and settling down on the couch opposite from Dylan. She simply stares at him out of the corner of her guarded eyes. Dylan nervously twiddles his thumbs, knowing Phoebe isn't going to be the first to bring up last night. He debates on which method to use, eventually deciding to teat it like a Band-Aid. \"Pheebs, I, um, I-I'm sorry…\" Phoebe's surprised and admittedly a bit intrigued. She knows Dylan as this cocky and often overconfident punk. He's always so sure of himself and now, sitting in front of her, he completely embodies the stereotypical tortured artist. He tentatively looks up from his sneakers, his face so torn and tragical. \"Phoebe,\" he breathes and she's hanging on every word. \"I got caught up in the moment, writing that song with you, and it must have been some case of temporary insanity or something because I'd never want to fuck up our friendship − which I did. Let's just forget this ever happened and go back, okay?\" They both know it's impossible so pretending will just have to do. \"Yeah, sure,\" Phoebe awkwardly agrees after a pause. What is she supposed to say? No ? Phoebe tries not to bite her bottom lip, knowing it'll tip him off, Dylan who can read her like a book. \"…I mean, it was only a kiss, barely even a kiss. It's no big deal, D, really.\" \"Cool,\" Dylan nods and again it's awkwardly silent. \"Dude, seriously, how off would we be together?\" \"Not to mention Frank and mom would freak,\" Phoebe adds, laughing at her unnecessary worrying over this entire ordeal. \"Plus, if you were my boyfriend, you'd be getting rid of this mop on your head.\" Phoebe pokes the side of Dylan's head with her index finger. \"Hey, I happen to like my hair and it isn't a mop, thank you very much. The hippie at the barber shop calls it the Beatles cut,\" Dylan replies defensively. \"Heh, if we were dating you'd have to burn your scarf collection and those damn fugly boots of yours.\" \"Oh gosh,\" Phoebe scowls, blinking a few times. \"You did not just insult my famazing fashion sense with some tacky made up word from Mean Girls!\" \"What if I did?\" Dylan playfully nudges his shoulder against hers and in turn Phoebe returns the gesture. Everyone thinks Phoebe is uptight and always serious. Dylan knows differently. For one, he knows she's extremely ticklish. He begins to work his fingers against her side, tickling every one of her weak points, Phoebe laugh hysterically. The two continued to bicker, desperately trying to act normal despite all the words left unsaid. \"It Could Be You\" © Alexz Johnson[Chapter 6] TemporarynInsanity ChapternSix: Manic Depressive Monday Highnschool hierarchy is a fascinating thing. NewnLondon may not hold true to the Mean Girl standards, but the moviengot one thing right − the existence of high school cliques. Dylannsloppily throws the strap of his backpack over his shoulder as henmakes his way down the hall. He walks at such a leisure pace thatnpeople are constantly zooming past him, looking a bit annoyed if notnfully pissed off. Dylan pays no attention to these people and takes anlook at the quad where most of the upperclassman are segregated likensomething straight out of a Hollywood coming of age film. Hensees Phoebe with the tortured artists and moody musicians beneath antree at the far end of the quad and can't help, but smirk. Majoritynof them are in the school band and basically, you're either a coolnband geek who's really into indie and only tolerates band becausenit's an easy elective or you're really a band geek, the ones whonget shoved into lockers. Furtherndown is where the burnouts and hippies can be found, all sprawled outnacross the lawn, laughing and sparking up a joint in plain sight. Thenfuture leaders of America kids (i.e. William and his AmericannEagle-clad counterparts) are always in the cafeteria drinking theirncoffee and discussing current events. Outnby the football field at the very top of the bleachers is a shadednarea where the various sports stars, cheerleaders and general \"prettynpopular people\" can be sighted. Christina throws her head back withna laugh at some lame anecdote Rodge is telling all the girls. Hunternis close by, randomly drumming his sticks against a nearby railing. Beingna cheerleader automatically puts Christina in the category and datingnmajority of the cheerleaders puts Rodge there, but those two can rollnwith the vapid and the self-absorbed, blending in quite nicely.nDespite being a jock, King Jock, nonetheless, Hunter seems bored withnhis eyes in the distance, mind somewhere else entirely. SometimesnDylan doesn't know about Hunter, the gentle giant. He roams thenhalls, wearing his letterman jacket, always with a couple of hisnother football teammates as they say vulgar things and make stupidndecisions. It's obvious he isn't like them, that he doesn'tnenjoy being around them. They listen to hip hop, Hunter worships PaulnMcCartney. They drive supped up racing cars, Hunter's saving up fornan old school pickup truck. Dylannwishes Hunter the best. Of everyone, he's worked the hardest fornit. \"DylannNorth…\" Dylanncurses his unlucky nature when the one girl he didn't want to seensmoothly walks over. Cecelia McBride. She's an attractive girl withna slim figure, hot pink streaked, long platinum blonde hair and anpair of bright blue eyes one can simply drown in. Despite beingnalmost physically perfect, Dylan knows the real her and she isn'tnvery pretty at all. Hencan remember a single, foggy point in time, freshman year, he thinks,nwhere Dylan genuinely cared about the girl before him. He remembersnthat sinking feeling, walking around hand-in-hand, laughing aboutnnothing. He remembers being happy until the relationshipndisintegrated and they silently agreed to never speak or even look atneach other again. \"Hey.nHow're you doing?\" \"HeynCecelia,\" Dylan greets her politely. He's physically unable tonignore her. Living with Helen, Phoebe, Naoko, Joni and the twins hasnpractically programmed him to treat a girl right. He's watchednPhoebe get her heart broken so many times by different jerks and itnhas taught Dylan that he never wants to be that jerk to some otherngirl. \"SonFluffy did this sick underground gig in like this abandoned LowernEast Side subway station last Friday,\" Cecelia says and Dylannsmiles. It doesn't matter who they are, if they know music and talknmusic, Dylan will never turn them away. Dylannsmiles gently. \"How was it?\" \"Ugh,nthey were so good,\" Cecelia raves, going weak in the knees just at the memory.n\"I swear, afterwards we were literally drenched in sweat and I'vengot these killer bruises on my arms because the crowd was justninsane!\" Henknows he'll regret it, but he asks anyways. \"Who'd you gonwith?\" \"JustnDevin, his newest Playboy bunny of a girlfriend and a few of thenother guys,\" Cecelia shrugs nonchalantly. \"We asked Brooke, butnshe flaked out on us as usual. Then Rodge got the text, but somethingncame up with Silver, again ,nas usual, Hunter's still being a bitch over what happened and you,nwell, you know.\" \"Yeah,\"nDylan nods, saving her the trouble of opening unwanted wounds. \"Itnwould have been way more fun with the old gang, um, especially younthere,\" the blonde says with a sort of sad reminiscing glaze to herneyes. Her eyes flee from his and she plays with the multiple bandsnaround her wrist in a nervous manner. \"Listen, Dylan, lately I'venbeen thinking a lot about you and what we had together…\" Asnher words trail off, Cecelia threads her arm through his and keepsntight to his side. He flinches immediately and the determined girlnonly holds on tighter. His body goes rigid, his mind warning himnabout the dangers of getting sucked back into the world of Cecelia.nHowever, it still makes him sad, remember what once was. \"Wenwere good together,\" Dylan agrees, but then he hates himself forngiving her hope. \"Living like we did, Cec, sure it was fun, but Indon't think I can go back to that. None of it was real.\" Hentugs away and she holds on tighter. \"Dylan,njust listen,\" she begs and he sighs. \"I've been out with a fewnguys since we broke up, but, um, none of them treated me like youndid. None of them love the same things I do and make me smile. Whatnhappened…it sucks, but it's the past. I did a lot of growing upnthis year and if you're willing to give me, us ,na second shot, I think we could make things work.\" Dylanntruly doesn't know what to say. No? Yes? That's the thing aboutngirls like Cecelia. They have this seductive yet completely innocentnlook and she's perfected this 'Make Dylan Melt' routine overnthe years. She knows how to play people, especially guys. With eachntime she bats her long lashes, Dylan feels himself winding around hernfinger. BeforenDylan can utter a word, Cecelia takes his hand. She uncoils hisnfingers and places something in his rough, clammy palm. It's anlittle black button with a pink bunny stamped on. Scribbles in bluenpermanent marker are across the front and Dylan audibly gasps. \"Don'tnthink it's some sort of bribe to get you to date me again,\"nCecelia laughs, tossing straight strands of wheat over her shoulder.nDylan can't stop looking between her and the button in sheerndisbelief. \"I thought you'd appreciate it more than anyone else.\" \"Fluffy,nthey hate publicity. They don't play anywhere mainstream and theyndefinitely don't stick around to do autograph signings afterwards,\"nDylan chokes out. \"How did you?\" \"Devinnand his mystical powers of persuasion I guess,\" Cecelia grins,nloving the dumbfounded look that has come to replace his face. BeforenDylan can form a single coherent thought, Cecelia leans up and kissesnhim all intense and rough and rather awkward. She's one of thosenconfident kissers. She doesn't care that they're at the entrancento the quad where teachers can see. She knows what she wants and goesnfor it without regrets. \"Younthink about that and I'll get back to you…\" Withnthat she walks away, smiling to herself. Dylanncan taste the cherry of her lip gloss and it's all too familiar.nCecelia isn't in band or one of the popular, pretty people. Shenisn't a future leader of America or a hippie or chronic. Shenbelongs to an exclusive clique Dylan knows all too well. After all,nhe used to be one of them, along with Rodge, Hunter, Silver andnBrooke. They weren't classified by skill or interest. They werensimply known as Devin's friends, both hated and respected bynassociation. Itnfeels so long ago, that late summer day when the once tight cliquenfell apart. It's a day Dylan has trained his mind to forget. It'sna day he now remembers thanks to Cecelia McBride. \"Wow,\"nutters familiar voice. Of all the times, why does she have to show upnnow? Dylan turns to see Phoebe with her arms crossed over her chest,nface already judging him. \"Dylan and Cecelia, back together again?nThere goes my appetite.\" \"Pheebs,ndon't…\" \"Letnme get this straight,\" Phoebe says, following him back towards thenmain administration building. \"After all the comforting, the talksnand the advice you give me about 'finding Mr. Right' andn'ditching Mr. Right Now' you're gonna turn around and not evennlisten to your own advice? You tried dating her and she broke yournheart. You're willing to chance it again?\" \"Phoebe,nplease, just let it go…\" \"No,\"nPhoebe stubbornly fights. She grabs onto the sleeve of Dylan'snshirt and practically drags him to the band room. No one's innthere. Despite the devotion of the school band geeks, lunch comes inna close second in favorite periods. Phoebe slams the door behind themnand Dylan just sits on a table, looking rather bored. \"Indon't even know if we really are getting back together,\" Dylannadmits. \"Dylan,nCecelia goes through boyfriends faster than hair dye and that'snsaying a lot considering that I can't even remember her naturalncolor,\" Phoebe explains spitefully. \"Oh,nand I'm supposed to be taking advice from the Queen of Breakups?\"nDylan asks defensively. Dylan isn't exactly known for thinkingnbefore speaking. He instantly regrets it when he sees Phoebe'snglare turn from angry to downright pissed off. \"Pheebs, I−\" BeforenDylan can blurt out an apology, Phoebe shoves him roughly. Losing hisnbalance, Dylan falls backwards, hitting the ground rather hard. \"I'mnonly saying this because…\" Phoebe practically shouts though hernvoice dies down towards the end. \"I care, okay? D, I don't wantnyou ending up the King of Breakups. You deserve someone nice, someonenwho respects music and gets you. I'm just warning you…I don'tnthink Cecelia's that girl.\" \"She'sndifferent now,\" Dylan argues, thinking of the little button in hisnback pocket, the one that's going on the strap of his guitar thensecond he gets home. \"We like the same music. She respects me. Whynare you acting like such a−\" Phoebenscoffs. \"Like such a what, Dylan?\" Likensuch a jealous girlfriend, Phoebe. \"Whyndo you hate Cecelia so much?\" Dylan questions, disregarding the waynhis mind finished the question for him. Phoebe looks absolutely lividnand he doesn't know if she's really this passionate about hisnlove life or simply picking a fight for shits and giggles. \"Newsflash,nDylan, the girl broke your heart,\" Phoebe loudly reminds him,nhoping an increase in volume would drill the concrete fact deeperninto his head. \"Not only did she make you mope around and cry innyour bed for a month, but she made all your friends choose sides. Ifnthat's respect, then I know nothing at all.\" Dylannlooks away at the painful memories. \"But you don't know, Phoebes,nand really, it's so complicated that it isn't worth trying tonunderstand so can we just drop it, please?\" \"Fine,\"nPhoebe huffs irritably. It'snquiet with Phoebe standing tall and proud and Dylan on the ground,nstaring up at her. After a moment of glaring, Phoebe sighs andnextends her hand towards him. She pulls him to his feet and the twonsit atop one of the desks. She pulls her backpack open and offers himnhalf of her sandwich. Dylan just grins giddily and takes thensandwich, realizing he can now save his for the detention he needs tonserve after school. \"Younknow, we hang out too much,\" Phoebe suddenly points out. Dylan justnlaughs, biting into his half of the tuna on rye. \"Siblings arensupposed to hate each other and not want to be seen in public. We−\" Kissed . \"Wenhave separation anxiety when we're apart longer than a week,\"nPhoebe jokes, playfully knocking her shoulders against his. \"Aw,nPheebs, you know you can't help it if you love me so much,\" Dylannsays cockily as she playfully shoves him though it isn't hardnenough to actually move him. \"Hmm, like how Christina hates whennpeople refer to Harry as her brother. We never had that. We werenalways best friend.\" \"Inintend on keeping things this way…\" \"Mentoo…\" Phoebencan't help, but feel weird, internally fighting the animalisticnurge to kiss him again. They crossed a line the other night and nownboth of them know it's too late to go back. It's as if her mind'sneyes are finally open to the plain and simple truth. She's alwaysnseen Dylan as a wannabe rockstar brother type. He's always therenfor her, comforting her after every little thing, dealing with hernwhen she releases her inner demon. He's simply amazing. \"Um,nI've gotta go,\" Phoebe mumbles and swiftly moves away from Dylannwho has his mouth full. \"I've got some…homework I forgot to donlast night. It's, uh, due next period so I better get going.\" \"Okay,ncool,\" Dylan nods, also feeling the tension between them. He jumpsnoff the desk and the two make their way to the door, walking side bynside. Being the gentleman he is, Dylan pushes the door open and holdsnit there, allowing Phoebe to exit first. They're out the doors andnin the center of the quad when Jerk of the Week makes a grandnappearance, smirking dangerously. Phoebengroans at the sight of a tall boy with an idiotic smirk on his longnface. He's fair and lean with a head of dark, unruly hair down tonhis shoulders. He's scruffy with stubble all across his cheeks andnhis white wifebeater showcases the tattoos all on his arms andnshoulders. His jeans are sagged, exposing the trim of his brightnorange boxers. He's the one and only Jason Bobby. \"HeynPhoebe,\" he whispers, lips separating in a smirk. Phoebe keeps herneyes forward, easily sidestepping the jerk and continuing through thencourtyard. Dylan doesn't have the strength Phoebe does. Henacknowledges Jason with a glare before following close behind Phoebe. \"Phoebe,\"nhe groans. \"Babe, don't walk away from me…\" Hisnlong fingers latch onto the smooth skin of Phoebe's arm and henyanks her backwards, bringing a small yelp from her throat. Dylannsnaps. His fingers curl into a fist and he throws it at Jason, havingnno idea what he's doing. Everyone in the quad stops to stare. DylannNorth, tortured artist, just out of the blue punches Jason Bobby,nself-proclaimed badass. Allnthe cliques in the New London castle have fallen silent as Jasonnlaughs and touches his lips. He finds blood on his fingertips and hisnface contorts in a look of complete and utter rage. If there's onenperson in school not even the macho of all teenage boys dares to messnwith, it's Jason. He's the wannabe badass that terrorizesneveryone thought to be below him. Three words are uttered beforenDylan North's life literally spins out of control. \"You'rendead, North.\" ... \"Younknow, that was the stupidest mistake you've ever made. You are sonlucky Hunter jumped in and broke up the fight when he did or elsenyou'd probably be in a full body cast.\" Phoebensits on the edge of Dylan's messy, unmade bed, staring down at thenlifeless form. In reply, he simply groans and leans over the edge ofnhis bed, shifting through a plastic pin of spray paint that henusually keeps hidden beneath his bed. He's searching for thenperfect color and Phoebe isn't exactly helpful. \"Somengood to know information,\" Phoebe speaks again, straightening hernposture. \"Jason and I have this sort of routine. He harasses me, Inyell at him and after causing a scene we leave each other alone. Ifnyou didn't interfere you wouldn't be like this.\" \"Well,nI'm sorry I don't fit into your routine, Phoebe,\" Dylan scowlsnbitterly. He pops off the top of the navy blue spray paint with hisnthumb. He then begins to spray the plaster that covers him arm,nreleasing toxic fumes into the air of his already stuffy bedroom. \"Instill think you should have gotten the glow in the dark cast…\" \"ThanksnPhoebe, you're making me feel so much better,\" Dylan saysnsarcastically. \"How the hell am I supposed to play in the battle ofnthe bands with a broken arm? I can barely move my fingers.\" \"Dylan,\"nPhoebe sympathetically calls to him, watching the teenage boy pacenback and forth, wearing out the wood with every step. When he paysnher no attention, Phoebe sighs and her hand finds his shoulder,nguiding back to sit beside her on his bed. He looks away innself-pity. \"Dylan,njust because your arm is broken doesn't mean you can't compete,\"nshe reassures him. \"You've got an amazing voice. The twins and menare just going to have to step it up without your guitar skills.\" \"We'renso screwed,\" Dylan utters with a sigh, running his free handnthrough his hair. As silence settles in, Dylan glances towards Phoebenwho's impatiently twirling her permanent marker between hernfingers. \"I'llnsign your cast,\" Phoebe suggests, holding up the silver sharpie.nShe starts to write and Dylan continues to wallow in sheernhumiliation, still unable to believe that he let a guy like JasonnBobby make him look like a chump in front of the whole high schoolnhierarchy. If getting the crap kicked out of him wasn't bad enough,nDylan spent a whole ten minutes on the ground, clutching his arm innpain and had to be rushed off to the hospital, ambulance and all. Phoebe'snsmile is bright as she slowly slips the cap back onto the permanentnmarker. Dylan looks down out of curiosity and fails at hiding hisnsmile. \"Thank you\" is written in her signature, all girly andncurvy, a smiley face and her name finishing off the little message. \"Hmm,nit may not be van Gogh,\" he muses, \"but it's still cool,nPheebs.\" \"Inreally mean it,\" Phoebe says, her lips curling apologetically.n\"…thank you, D. It was really sweet of you to defend me likenthat, but seriously stupid and unnecessary too.\" \"Andndon't forget the whole school thinks I'm a skinny wimp forngetting thrown around like some stupid punching bag,\" Dylan sighsnmiserably, running his fingers through his hair. Phoebe can't helpnbut feel guilty, being the reason for his pain. She hates seeing himnlike this and digs through her back pocket, producing a small bottlenof pills his doctor prescribed to help with the pain. Helen had justnpicked them up from the pharmacy though Dylan hasn't taken any atnall. \"Dyl,naren't you gonna take one? It's supposed to help ease the pain.\" \"Noncan do,\" Dylan rejects the idea, shaking his head. \"I'm good.\" \"Dylan…\" \"Seriously,nPheebs, those things and me don't get along too well,\" Dylan saysnvaguely, hoping she won't press the subject. \"We have a history.\" \"Whatnare you talking about?\" Dylannremembers how she wasn't home when it happened. That's why she'dnsuggest what no one else in the house would dare to even think. Ifnhis doctor hadn't suggested the pills and written up anprescription, Helen would never have even brought those things intonthe household. \"They'reneffective, but addictive,\" Dylan nervously explains. \"I was, um,ngoing through something while you were at that NYC college tour thingnand Devin would give me a handful of these a day, saying it'd helpnme deal with everything. I don't know where the hell he got them,nbut they took everything away to the point where I couldn't feelnanymore.\" \"Whatnhappened?\" Phoebe urgently asks. \"Mom caught you, didn't she?\" \"I,num, ODed and Hunter found me passed out in the basement one night,\"nDylan corrects. \"Hunt and mom rushed me to the hospital where Inspent a couple days. That's why I haven't been driving lately andnI haven't left the lighthouse besides school. It's, um, also whynDevin and I aren't friends anymore.\" \"Younnever told me this,\" Phoebe mumbles, slightly shocked and confused.n\"We're supposed to be best friends, Dylan. Why'd you wait sonlong to tell me about something as serious as this?\" \"I−Indidn't want you to worry.\" He refuses to look at her. It'snpartly true, but not the whole truth. \"You would have just rushednhome and for nothing. Mom was super disappointed. The other kids werenall too scared to even talk to me. I broke up the gang.\" \"Dylan−\" \"It'sntrue,\" he insists. \"Mom said it was a bad idea to keep hangingnout with Devin and I agreed. Hunt and Silver were super pissed atnDevin. Rodge was on the fence about it all and Brooke, being hisnsister, defended him. Cecelia defended him too, said that it was me .nI let my addiction consume me and we broke up. This huge stupid fightnbroke out and now…we all barely talk because of me.\" Henlooks up from his cast and his brown eyes connect with hers. Both arencaught in a steady breathless gaze. Phoebe North claims to know DylannNorth. She can recite to you his favorite color, the model of hisnfirst guitar, the band that played at the first concert he went to,nhis likes and dislikes. She even claims to understand him; however,nuntil that moment when she loses herself in his fragile eyes shennever truly understoodnhim. Dylanntries to get the words out, but his throat feels raw after all thenventing. Thoughts of being abandoned by his biological parents, beingntaken in by the Norths, falling in love with each and every one ofnthose North kids, losing Cecelia, losing his friends, falling fornPhoebe; it all caves down on him, a simple boy with a twisted pastnand probably an even more twisted future. He can feel his eyes tearnand all his pride crumble down to nothing. \"Pheebs…Phoebe, please don't think I'm a mistake…\" \"Whatnare you talking about?\" Phoebe practically demands with a gasp. \"Mynown parents didn't want me,\" Dylan says quietly. He has alwaysnbrushed off his childhood of growing up in an orphanage like it wasnnothing. Now, finally, the truth is surfacing. \"Even after yournparents took me in, I still have to be this troubled kid with mynobsession with graffiti, hanging with the wrong crowd, breakingncurfew, doing anything to get that stupid adrenalin rush. No matternhow hard I try, my life is just one fucking mistake after another.\" Dylannlooks away, but suddenly he feels her arms tightly encircling hisnneck as if physically trying to keep him from falling to pieces. Henfeels her fingernails dig into the material of his t-shirt and henwraps his unharmed arm around her lower back, clinging to her withnthe same intensity. After a lingering moment, Dylan feels her pullnback and he's scared shitless. He doesn't want her to abandonnhim, not here, not now. Innthis precise moment, she's so close to him, staring straight intonhis eyes. He can feel his heart speed up in a way that Cecelia oncendid, a way that Phoebe does now. With every second he feels himselfnlosing grip on his emotions, losing control. It's the way she looksnat him. It makes him forget who he is and who she is. It makes himnfeel like just a boy and her just a girl, both caught up in antemporary loss of sanity. Hernhand comes up to graze the side of his face and he can see thenuncertainty in her eyes. He feels the tremor of her fingertips andnmakes it easy for her. He leans in and easily presses his mouth hernhers. Even more surprising than his sudden courage, she returns thenkiss, her lips moving fervently against hers. She's careful in hernmovement, trying to avoid his cast, not wanting to cause him any morenunnecessary pain. Thisnkiss is different. The first time had sent a shockwave through bothnof them, like being struck by lightning. Now they're bothnhyperaware of what's happening, both panting and touching andntugging. For an eighth of a second, Phoebe feels like maybe, maybenthis time she won't get hurt. For the first time in his entirenlife, Dylan feels like he can do no wrong, like he's wanted. \"Dylan,nwe can't,\" she finally groans against his lips, breaking hisnheart along with their lips. Thenworld comes back into focus, leaving both with swelling lips andnracing hearts. Phoebe curls away from him, being broken from Dylan'snspell by the sound of a car in the distance. She doesn't questionnwhat happened. It takes everything within her to ignore the dizzynsensation she feels at his touch. Dylannsighs, a bit irritated and leans back against the wall behind hisnbed. Without a word, Phoebe leans back beside him, fear joltingnthrough her when she feels his fingers running across her knucklesnand his eyes burning into her. Both want to say something, but nonwords are exchanged. \"Phoebe,\"nhe says, so serious it frightens her. \"I'm not Jason. You knownI'll never hurt you…\" Phoebenbites her bottom lip and feels her eyes mist over at the sincerity innhis voice. Before she has time to even think of an explanation, thendoor bursts open. Phoebe jumps a foot away, practically falling offnthe bedside. Dylan straightens at the sight of William Beardsley,ngrinning like a fool. Immediately, Dylan's annoyed. \"Guys,nguess what?\" William asks, clutching a thick envelope in one handnand a piece of paper in the other. Dylan feels a sarcastic retort onnhis lips, but William doesn't have the patience to hear it. \"Ingot accepted into Harvard!\" \"Wow,nWilliam, that's awesome!\" Phoebe screeches with glee. Sheninstantly wraps her arms around his neck in a tight embrace and thenoldest Beardsley son twirls his stepsister in an excited littlencircle. Dylan refuses to share in their happiness and simply foldsnhis arms, looking away. He's almost certain that isn't a waynyou're supposed to hug your brother or even stepbrother for thatnmatter. \"CongratsnWilly, with you going off to college I'll have the whole room tonmyself,\" Dylan spits venomously. He tries to say it jokingly, butnit comes out bitter and angry, wiping the smile clear off William'snhandsome face. \"Ouch,nJason gotcha good, didn't he?\" William questions innocently andnDylan responds with a groan, yanking a blanket clear over his head.nWilliam simply shrugs his shoulders and Phoebe guiltily stares offnacross the room. \"Notnbad Beardsley,\" Phoebe says, turning so her back is to a sulkingnDylan. \"With a full ride to your first choice college, your futurensounds set.\" \"Don'tnworry, Phoebe,\" William assures her, smiling. \"I applied early sonof course I got my letter. I'm sure that NYU acceptance letter willnbe coming in the mail any day now.\" Phoebennods and hears Frank calling them all to dinner. \"Wenbetter get downstairs,\" William suggests and Phoebe agrees with ansmall nod. She starts walking towards the door, but William stops andnlooks over to Dylan's immobile form. \"Dylan, are you coming?\" Nonanswer. \"Okaynthen,\" William says awkwardly, feeling the tension in the room andnnot understanding it. With another shrug, he walks out without even anglance back. Phoebe lingers at the door for a second; staring withnapologetic eyes he can't see. She walks out, but unlike William,nshe steals a glance. Oncenhe's sure he's alone, Dylan throws his blanket off and kicks hisnsneakers to the ground. He tosses and turns in his bed, desperatelynsearching for a comfortable position. Fornthe first time, it registers with him that Phoebe's going to bengoing to college in the fall and he has another year of high schoolnto complete. He knows in his heart that she'll be going to NYU. Thencity was their home before the car accident that took their father'snlife, before Helen make the big decision to move back to hernhometown. Phoebe's always talked about moving back to the city andnstarting her own life and she'll do it − without him. Dylan'sneyes land on a little orange bottle of pills that are looking evennmore tempting with each passing second.[Chapter 7] TemporarynInsanity ChapternSeven: We're All Broken \"Dylan…Dylan…\" Henhears his name, but his mind is foggy and only darkness surroundsnhim. He never went down for dinner last night. All he remembers isnsitting in his room, surrounded by emptiness and his thoughts. Allnnight he hearts feet bitter patter against the hardwood halls, pacingnin front of his door, but no one makes a move inside. When he hearsnthe doorknob twist, he shuts his eyes. The last thing he needs isnpeople. \"Dylan…Dylan!\" \"Damnnit, what the fuck do you want?\" Dylan shouts irritably. With anglare, he shoots up in bed, grouchy as hell. He suddenly regrets hisnthrashing, feeling a dull throbbing in his arm. It seems the one pillnhe took before bed had no healing affect whatsoever. He took itnpurely to help with the pain of his arm, his head and his heart to nonavail. \"Jeez,nI just thought you'd like to know that school starts in twentynminutes,\" William informs him. Dylan just groans and melts back innbed. What gives William Beardsley the right to wake him up fornsomething as trivial as school? Dylan's convinced he'll nevernknow. \"If it isn't too inconvenient, could you get ready now ?nI can't be late for school.\" \"I'mnnot going,\" Dylan says with great certainty, covering his eyes withnhis arm that isn't covered in plaster. He doesn't care that hensounds like a five-year-old. All he wants is for William to go away. \"Arenyou sick?\" \"It'sncalled getting into a fight and getting suspended,\" Dylan scowls,nhating how inconvenient it is to have to explain himself. \"Apparentlynit's against their beloved handbook or some shit. Two daysnsuspension which is fine by me seeing as I need a mental health daynanyways.\" \"Younkeep this up and you'll never graduate.\" \"Gonfuck yourself, William.\" Dylannknows William's aggravated and it's kinda twisted how he getsnsome sense of sick satisfaction out of pushing Beardsley's buttons.nSoon after silence settles in, Dylan hears retreating footstepsnthough the intensity of the pain is keeping him from celebrating hisnwin against William. Suddenly the door creaks and Dylan doesn'tneven move. He hears heels clacking and if he remembers correctly,nWilliam doesn't wear them. \"Phoebe,ngo the hell away,\" he cries in sheer irritation, pulling his sheetsntighter around his body. \"I'm tired, pissed and in pain right nownso please respect that and get lost.\" \"DylannTiberius North, you know better than to talk to your sister thatnway.\" \"Donyou always talk to your sister like that?\" Helen asks and Dylanncringes beneath his covers. \"There's no wonder why she's beennacting so strange and…jumpy all morning. Did something happennbetween you two? Please don't tell me you two are at it again ...\" There'snsilence until Dylan hears the jingle of pills jumping in a vial. Hencracks an eye to see his mother eyeing the label on the bottle beforenher pained and suspicious eyes shoot across the room to her teenagenson. \"Inthought I took these away from you?\" \"Phoebengot them from your purse. I swear I didn't know,\" Dylan assuresnher, putting his free hand up in a defensive manner. \"She didn'tnknow about…what happened and she thought it would help me. To tellnyou the truth, I took one and it hasn't helped at all.\" \"Younreally did well, you know?\" Helen asks softly, sitting on the edgenof his bed and combing Dylan's bangs out of his eyes. Ever sincenshe stopped cutting Dylan's hair when he was in middle school it'sngotten longer and is unruly as ever. \"I'm proud of you fornsticking up for your sister even if the results weren't in yournfavor.\" \"Mom…\" \"I'mnnot mad about the suspension. You just make sure you get your workndone when you go back. As for today, I want you to unwind and try tonget some rest,\" Helen orders and Dylan smiles at how laidback hisnmom is. She presses a kiss to his forehead and stands, taking thenpills with her. \"I have a meeting with a client so I'll be in thencity for the day and Mrs. Munion has the day off. You'll be okaynhome alone, right?\" \"Ma,nI'm seventeen. I think I can manage,\" Dylan quickly replies.n\"Have a good day.\" \"Thanks,nhoney, you try and get some rest, okay?\" Helen calls with one ofnher original purses on her shoulder, heading out the door. \"Byenson!\" \"ByenMom!\" Afternhearing his mom's car pull out and begin the long trek down thenhill, Dylan strolls over to the window, stretching his long arms. Hendoesn't even bother looking outside to see all the kids board thenschool bus. He simply pulls the strings, bringing the blinds to fallnand envelope his entire room in darkness. Henfeels the tension leave his tired eyelids and crawls back into bed.nSome would call this moping. Dylan would rather refer to it asnhanging out and thinking intensely. He manages to catch another hournof sleep, but twists the wrong way and groans aloud in pain. He knowsnthings won't get any better and gives up, heading downstairs fornbreakfast. Dylannstrolls through the empty house in a gray t-shirt and baggy, plaidnpajama pants. He doesn't bother to shower or brush his teeth fornhe's experiencing a rare moment and would like to enjoy as long asnpossible. There's complete silence in the lighthouse. Don't getnhim wrong, Dylan loves chaos, but that doesn't mean he can'tnappreciates some quiet time alone. Dylannalready has a game plan as he enters the kitchen, grabbing a giantnmixing bowl from the cabinet and filling it to the top with cereal.nHe considers the man who mixed sugar coated pieces withnmini-marshmallows and called it breakfast a genius. He grabs a fullncarton of milk from the refrigerator, a large spoon and advances intonthe living room. Thencartoons are crap considering it is mid-morning and a weekday whenneveryone's supposed to be in school. Lately Frank has beenncomplaining about how tasteless television is today and canceled halfnof the good channels, refusing to pay for what he dubs \"garbage\".nThat leaves Dylan with basic cable and a hot girl with a tragicnexpression catches his eye. Annhour later he realizes it's a marathon and Mr. Cool Musician DylannNorth finds himself addicted to something else entirely. He can'tnseem to tear his eyes away from the television. The acting isnhorrible and the storyline is pretty clique, but the actresses arengorgeous and beach scenes are featured every ten minutes. Rightnas the cynical young boy dares the once reserved girl to jump intonthe filthy river on their escapade to Bangkok, the Beatle's 'HeynJude' fills the air. He's startled at first, but finally noticesnhis cell phone vibrating against the wooden coffee table. Dylanncurses, realizing he's spent hours sitting on the couch watchingnsome stupid television show. Heneffortlessly flips his phone open. \"What?\" \"Heynbaby, I'm so lonely. I'm right outside your front door and so horny…\" Dylanncan't help but smirk at the seductive and familiar female voice.n\"Does your boy toy know you're making really entertaining yetnreally desperate booty calls, Silver?\" \"Inwas just trying out my Cecelia McBitch impersonation,\" she sharplynreplies. \"You like it?\" \"Inthink you should stay behind the camera and leave the acting tonpeople who can actually act,\" Dylan says smoothly, hearing herngrumble angrily from the other end. He smirks, it bringing himnhappiness to know she's irritated. \"Justnopen the damn door, North Pole.\" \"Arenyou seriously here?\" he asks, eyebrows askew, easily showing hisnconfusion. He hears her giggle from the other end of the phone, suchna beautiful and musical sound. Dylan doesn't expect anything less.nAfter all, music runs in her blood. \"I thought you were kidding.\" \"Seriously,nI'm Silver. Would I really waste a phone call on a joke?\" shenpresses on. \"Basementndoor, spare key under the mat,\" Dylan explains immediately. Franknhad laughed when Helen had put the key there; however, the North kidsnwere always misplacing their things including house keys. Apparently,nthe spare key is also used when people in the house are too lazy orntoo busy to answer the door. \"You'rensuch a lazy ass, Dylan North,\" a voice teases a few minutes later.nSuddenly Dylan feels arms around his shoulders, hugging him fromnbehind. Dylan tilts his head back and smiles at the one girl henfirmly believes he'll always have a platonic relationship with.nAfter all, she is his best friend's girlfriend. Clairen\"Silver\" Silverberg is a goddess with her thin figure, those highncheekbones and cerulean orbs for eyes that peek up at you throughnlong, mascara-laced lashes. Her hair is as dark as a raven'snfeathers and her skin not golden bronze, but not as pale as the moon,na happy medium. Her family owns the coveted Electric Lady Studios, ancompany Dylan hopes to record with one day. Silvern− who's called Silver mostly because of the twisted satisfactionnshe gets from pissing off her divorcee mother at any reference to hernfather− is literally the girl all the bad guys want. She runs anmusic blog sponsored by Electric Lady Studios and is extremelynpopular in the indie music circuit. Silver takes her blog seriouslynand is yet to do an exposé on Dylan's band, saying they need tonget their crap together before she'd even consider it. \"Ooh,\"nDylan grins, \"the naughty school girl costume. I like.\" \"Keepnit in your pants, pervert, it's my uniform,\" Silver spits andndrops down onto the couch beside him, shrugging off a maroon blazer.nShe's wearing a rather fitted button down shirt with a golden patchnin the shape of a shield over her heart, a lose maroon tie, a pleatednblack skirt down to her knees and mid-calf socks with a pair ofnclassic black and white converse. \"Hey!\"na familiar voice calls from behind. \"Quit hitting on my girlfriend,nNorth.\" Dylannturns to see the twins waltzing in, Rodge who's wearing a pair ofnridiculous neon sunglasses with reflector lenses and Hunter in hisnletterman jacket. Dylan isn't sure which he's more interested in,nthe pizza box Rodge is carrying or the acoustic guitar slung acrossnHunter's back. Despite being friends for years, he's never heardnHunter play guitar. \"Inwas not hitting on her. She was propositioning herself to me,\"nDylan defends himself only to receive a painful smack across the backnof his head. \"Silver, hello, I'm the guy with the cast!\" \"Really?\"nSilver scowls, \"because all I see is a jackass with a big mouth.\" \"That'snmy girl,\" Rodge sings sweetly and sits beside Silver, slinging hisnarm over her shoulders. The two share an affectionate gaze before henleans in and lightly pecks the corner of her mouth. \"Sonbipolar,\" Hunter says, shaking his head, looking at his brother andnhis brother's girlfriend as if they were strange creatures at thenzoo. \"Seriously, D, not even fifteen minutes ago they were full onnarguing about pizza toppings and now they're in love again.\" \"Speakingnof pizza,\" Dylan mumbles, licking his lips. \"Tell me it's anBliss Bakery pizza.\" Silvernshoots him a look. \"Duh and uhhh who said you're getting any?\" \"Yeahnman,\" Rodge continues, \"We just needed a place to eat it, notnshare.\" Dylannnarrows his eyes, crosses his arms and stops. \"You bitches.\" \"Quitnbeing a baby,\" Hunter groans, settling into a chair and flips opennthe top of the pizza box. \"We got spinach mushroom for thenvegetarian with the broken arm and sausage, pepperoni, bell peppersnfor the sane people.\" \"Pedrondown at Bliss is thinking of calling it the North pizza because onlynyou and your little army of vegetarians order it,\" Rodge adds withna slight smile, pulling himself a piece. \"Seriously, dude, how doesnyour family not eat meat? The thought is, well, scary.\" \"We'renvegetarians,\" Drake replies, shrugging. \"It's how we werenraised and I think that's how we'll always be.\" He leansnforward and retrieves his slice of pizza oozing with three differentncheeses all melted together, vegetables sliding all over. Silverngasps and everyone turns to her. \"Is this the episode where thenboyfriend finds out that the chick and the jerk guy totally made outnon that train to New York City?\" \"No,\"nDylan replies with his mouth full, eyes on the television screen.n\"It's the one where the chick and the hot girl talk about thenboyfriend and the hot girl has that awesome 'I'm sick of comingnsecond with people I put first' line.\" \"Damn,nthe writer's good,\" Silver admits, not usually the type to buyninto cheesy, addictive television series. The Montgomery twins looknto their lead singer and then the girl in the Catholic school getup.nTwo are completely absorbed and the other two quizzical. \"D,nwhat the fuck is this?\" \"Somenshow,\" Dylan quickly replies between chewing. His answer only seemsnto heighten their curiosity and confusion. Dylan sighs, already ablento read their expressions. \"There was nothing else on. It's eithernthis or some sports network shit.\" Silvernchuckles, \"Aw, D, I think you just might have hurt Jock Boy'snfeelings.\" \"Don'tntry to change the topic, Chicken Legs,\" Hunter retorts, shootingnSilver a playful smirk, to which she childishly sticks out her tonguenand he laughs heartily. \"Dylan, why exactly are you watching teennsoaps?\" \"Teenndrama, thank you very much,\" Silver quickly corrects. \"I don'tnwatch soaps.\" \"Samendifference, sweetheart,\" Rodge chuckles and Silver shoves him awaynwith a look of annoyance. Seeing this as a challenge, Rodge presses ansloppy kiss to her neck and Silver slaps him away, giggling. \"No,nman, it's kinda interesting,\" Dylan admits thoughtlessly. \"It'snabout this kinda self-conscious obsessively thinking chick from thencity that moves down to Jersey to go to some rich kid school afternher little brother died. As hard as she tries not to get sucked intonthis crowd she knows is totally wrong for her…she can't help it.\" \"She'snan annoying, whiny bitch, but we can all sort of relate, you know,\"nSilver says softly and the three boys acknowledge the rocky past theynshare. A commercial plays across the screen and the dark-haired girlnturns to Dylan, watching him cautiously. \"So how are you, D?\" \"Besidesngetting my ass kicked−\" Dylan turns to Hunter for a moment,nacknowledging him with a nod, \"xad−thanks for jumping in, bynthe way.\" Hunter simply nods, cradling his acoustic guitar. \"I'mnfine, Silver.\" Shenlaughs that magical laugh and playfully ruffles his hair. \"You knownbetter than to lie to me. I can see it written all over your face,nDylan. You look like shit.\" Dylannchuckles bitterly. \"Thanks.\" \"Wordnon the street is that sweet little Cecilia wants our little JohnnLennon wannabe back,\" Rodge mentions, pursing his lips. Silvernlooks like she wants to smack someone for not sharing this sooner andnHunter who's been playing a soft, familiar tune, hits a sour note. \"Wordnon the street?\" Dylan scoffs. \"What street?\" \"Heh,nRodge has been hanging out with Devin and everyone again,\" Hunternmumbles quietly and Rodge's entire body goes rigid. Both Dylan andnSilver look over at the dark-haired bassist with looks of disbelief.nDylan's face goes completely blank and Silver shakes with anger. \"ThanksnHunt,\" Rodge groans, nervously gritting his teeth. Thenlikable jock looks around in confusion. \"I thought it was commonnknowledge…\" \"No,\"nSilver says coldly. \"He didn't even bother to tell his girlfriend .\" \"Itnwas a game of pool and a few drinks at some jock's victory party,\"nRodge explains nonchalantly, wolfing down a slice of pizza. \"C'mon,ndon't make this some big thing.\" \"Sonyou went to a Devin party and you didn't even think to mention itnto me?\" Silver continues; the fury evident in her eyes. Hunterncontinues to fiddle with his guitar and Dylan stares at thentelevision set, both mastering the art of zoning out during one ofnSilver and Rodge's countless fights. Rodgengrits his teeth. \"Can we not talk about this now in front of ournfriends?\" \"OhnGod, if Dylan and Hunter don't know we fight by now then they havenno business calling themselves our friends,\" Silver easily retorts,nmastering the art of arguing. \"Why are you being so evasive?\" \"Whynare you being so suffocating?\" Rodge asks and she's ready tonchastise him for answering a question with a question, not to mentionnproving her point. \"Don't you trust me?\" Thenquestion catches the attention of everyone in the room and eyes dartnbetween the quarreling couple. Dylan feels stupid for getting soninvolved in a stupid television show when he has a little soap operanplaying out right in front of his eyes. \"Wow.nIt's good to know how you really feel, Silver,\" Rodge saysnmoodily when his question is answered with silence and her brightnblue eyes boring into him. He grunts, partly because he's disgustednand partly because he's hurt. Rodge grabs his keys off the table,nheading for the door. \"Sonthat's it? God, Rodge, can we ever have a conversation where youndon't fucking walk out when we're starting to talk about thingsnthat actually matter?\" Silver yells, completely forgetting aboutnDylan and Hunter being in the room. She's quick to her feet,nchasing after her fuming boyfriend. When Rodge doesn't respond,nSilver grabs his shoulder and he snaps. Rodgentakes her wrist in his hand and shoves her hard until her back hitsnthe hallway wall. He slams her hard enough to rattle the picturenframes on the wall, bringing one to hit the ground and shatter. Dylannand Hunter instantly rush over, ready to step in if Rodge getsnviolent. The look in his eyes is deadly, but Silver's too strongnand too stubborn to back down. \"Don'tnyou ever touch me like that again,\" Rodge whispers harshly. \"Letnher go,\" Hunter demands, his voice so cold and hard. Rodge refusesnto oblige and Hunter grows angry, fingers curly tightly into fistsnready to strike. \"You may be my brother, but if you hurt her, Inswear to God, Rodge, I will kick your ass.\" Rodgendoesn't let go. If anything his grip tightens and Silver visiblyngrits her teeth in an attempt to ignore the pain of his fingersndigging into her skin. Furious, Hunter steps in and Dylan stays tonthe side, frozen, unable to understand how things had gotten so badnin such a short amount of time. Todaynis a horrible day. It's the day Dylan realizes he isn't the onlynone broken.[Chapter 8] Temporary Insanity Chapter Eight: Self-pity Party, Population You and Me Silver Silverberg stands on the front porch of the old lighthouse she, as a young girl, once believed to be haunted. It was a popular spot for mischievous children, New London not being a very lively or eventful town. She had her first kiss in that lighthouse and now she's just had her heart broken for the first time in the very same spot. The redness has faded from her skin, leaving no bruise or sign of struggle. She simply folds her arms over her chest as she watches her boyfriend zoom down the hill in his Jeep, the loud roar of the engine reflecting both his and her mood. Once he's completely gone, Silver ventures back into the lighthouse, into the waiting arms of Dylan North. Silver remembers the first time she met Dylan North and his family the summer after seventh grade when his rather numerous and diverse siblings moved into old lady Brown's house and gave it a bubblegum pink makeover. He moved in right next door to Brooke Ferris, Silver's once best friend and William's once girlfriend. She's always found his house comforting despite all the chaos and mayhem, it was always a lot more fun and warm than the mansion she shares with her mother that's twice the size and usually completely empty besides the butler and maid who offer her kind words, clean clothes and gourmet food, but have their own families to go home to. The North family welcomed her with open arms. It's really something she's been missing. Silver pulls back from the hug with Dylan and she doesn't cry, her mystical eyes refusing to show even one sign of tears. Instead, her cerulean orbs shift to Hunter Montgomery who's standing by the window with his arms crossed and his eyes narrowed, staring out the window at the spot where his brother once parked. \"Are you okay?\" Hunter asks a moment later. Silver manages a small nod and looks at the mess on the ground. Broken glass is everywhere from the framed photograph that fell when Rodge shoved Silver against the wall. A lamp is on the ground (but thankfully not broken) from where Hunter forcefully pushed Rodge away, acting as a shield for Silver. Angry words were exchanged, blood was not shed and Rodge left. \"Damn it, Dylan,\" Silver mumbles apologetically. \"I− I'm−\" \"Don't worry about it. It's not your fault Rodge is an idiot,\" the lead singer says quickly, knowing how she hates apologies. Still, Silver goes to the back closet and finds a broom and dustpan, wordlessly cleaning up the mess. \"It's sad that I don't even know if that was a breakup or just another fight,\" Silver says miserably, sweeping up every last shard of glass. \"God, guys, I can't believe I let things get so out of control.\" \"Welcome to my self-pity party, population you and me,\" Dylan mumbles sullenly. \"Why didn't you just tell him that you trust him?\" \"Because I don't,\" Silver replies, the honesty evident in her fragile voice. And you have good reason not to , Dylan thinks, but never says. That's the one issue that always seems to rear its ugly head when it comes to his two good friends becoming a couple. Dylan doesn't like when they fight (which they do several times a day) because it puts him in an awkward position and he hates being torn between two people he cares about. \"Ever since I ditched New London and started at St. Joseph, Rodge has been so…distant. He doesn't seem to get that my life doesn't revolve around him. Get this, I tell him I got into Yale and he has a fit like a frickin' little girl,\" Silver explains with a pensive facial expression. Dylan's ready to comment in the defense of his bassist, but then he freezes, needing a moment to rethink what he's just heard. Hunter seems to go through the same process with a smile tugging at the corner of his lips a moment later. \"That's fucking amazing,\" Dylan praises her. \"You so need to buy me a sweater.\" \"Getting in doesn't mean that's where I'm going,\" Silver reminds the two boys, her voice echoing through the halls as she goes to dispose of the broken glass and return the broom and dustpan. \"So what's this about you and Cecilia getting back together?\" \"Um, we just…had a good talk yesterday,\" Dylan says vaguely, thinking of the Where's Fluffy? pin on his desk upstairs. \"Ha, for a while there I missed the old me , the old us .\" \"Dead and gone, Dylan,\" Silver tells him, shaking her head. \"Hanging out with Devin, the parties, stumbling drunk, graffiti runs at two in the morning and moshing at concerts, they were all fun as hell, sure, but we were wasting our lives wasted. Seriously, we're lucky we opted out when we did. Life may not necessarily be better, but it's right.\" \"She's right, man,\" Hunter agrees. \"I'm going to college…somewhere. Silver got into Yale. Rodge is sober…most of the time. Cecelia, I love the girl, but she's stuck in that lifestyle and even worse, she's fine with it.\" \"Sometimes though,\" Dylan muses aloud, \"doesn't it feel like we've settled for, well, boring?\" \"I like to think we've settled for stable,\" Silver contradicts and Dylan readily nods, wishing he's as strong as she is. \"I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss it because I do, but honestly, we're too good to turn into townie pimps and whores.\" Hunter huskily whispering, \"Say it again.\" Silver grins audaciously. \"Townie pimps and whores.\" Dylan smiles despite the insult, glancing from Silver who's picking up the fallen picture and Hunter who's moved from watching the window like a guard god to lounging around with that guitar Dylan's yet to be introduced to. Dylan's surprised at how content he is. There's something about Hunter and Silver that's so easy to be around. It's also reassuring how loyal they are to him, choosing Dylan over Devin. \"Hunt, I didn't know you own a guitar…\" \"Now you do,\" Hunter replies, running his fingers down the neck of the rather old Epiphone. \"Play something, Jock Strap,\" Silver commands while leaning towards Dylan with a permanent marker. Hunter smiles and presses his fingers firmly over the strings, against the mahogany fret board. He strums a few times and Dylan and Silver share a laugh, easily identifying the addictive music that accompanies a game of Tetris. Hunter then changes the tempo, quietly singing: Now I'm speechless over the edge, I'm just breathless I never thought that I'd catch this love bug again Hopeless, head over heels in the moment I never thought that I'd get hit by this love bug again \"Oh God,\" Silver groans, feigning irritation despite how entertained she is deep down. \"Hunter Montgomery, did you seriously look up tabs to a Jonas Brother's song?\" \"No,\" he replies defensively though Dylan and Silver refuse to buy it. \"The walls at my apartment building are crazy thin and this creepy thirty-year-old chick next door plays it on repeat. The song's so fucking catchy and the chords are so easy. Damn, I want to shoot myself.\" \"On a lighter note, your pipes aren't bad,\" Dylan compliments him. \"Great, now I'm the only one in the old gang that can't sing for shit,\" Silver grumbles, picking at the chipping black paint of her fingernails. Hunter opens his mouth to remind her that his twin can't sing to save his life, but decides against it, not wanting to damper the lighthearted mood in the room. Dylan laughs, \"What else yah got, Hunt?\" \"Ha, here's one for you and Cecelia,\" Hunter dedicates before strumming harshly. When you see my face Hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell Dylan's eyes narrow into angry slits. \"Don't you two have somewhere to be?\" \"Not till five,\" Hunter grins his charming, Greek god grin that can make anyone − men and woman alike − simply melt. He jumps out of his seat and squishes in between Dylan and Silver, easily taking the marker from Silver and attacking the plaster on Dylan's arm. \"What about you?\" Dylan asks, eyeing Silver. \"Still the same, huh?\" \"No. Well, sorta, but I quit the whole ditching class thing. You see, one really cool thing about this whole Catholic school gig is that we get out at twelve on Tuesdays, but we have mass every Friday morning so we stay till three,\" Silver explains casually. \"I realized I haven't seen my boyfriend for a week now and we decided to have lunch and that blew up in our faces.\" \"Forget Rodge,\" Dylan advises, rolling his eyes. \"How've you been?\" \"I've got a new project actually,\" Silver mentions and pulls out a sleek, black camcorder from her purse. She flips the screen open and points the little device at Dylan. \"It's for my sister and her counseling center, a sort of short documentary on different people's definitions of love.\" she's sure to throw air quotes around the word. \"Hmm,\" Dylan hums with interest, \"not your usual stuff. I'm so used to your music or gossip.\" \"Yeah, actually putting this together is all really barf-inducing but I owed Jen a favor,\" Silver rolls her eyes and then hits the record button on her camera. \"So Mr. North, New London High's resident Heartthrob, what's love?\" Dylan laughs and stares down at his hands. \"I−I don't know.\" Silver's posh lips twist into a frown. \"Damn it, Dylan. I'm gonna need more than that.\" \"You know, I've never really thought it through,\" Dylan goes on, coyly crossing his arms. \"I've always looked at my parents and thought to myself, wow, they're so in love. That's what I want.\" Dylan's expression darkens and Silver throws Hunter a look and the star athlete mimics her worry. \"Then he, um, passed away and she fell in love with a new guy. Don't get me wrong. Frank's a good guy and he makes her happy, but it's so damn confusing. Like, how can you be so in love with one person and then do it all over again with a different person? If love's this amazing, special thing then how can it happen multiple times with multiple people?\" They hear the clunking of a car and the three teenagers shoot up in their seats. Dylan isn't exactly supposed to have company, being suspended and all. Quickly, Hunter and Silver gather their things, heading down to the basement and out the backdoor. \"Hey Silver, you think you could drop me off at school?\" Hunter asks, nervously wringing his fingers. \"Unless, you know, you want to stay for the football game.\" \"Having to sit in a crowd of nameless faces as they cheer like mindless zombies? Yeah, I'd rather gorge my eyes out with a spoon,\" Silver replies, looking as if the very suggestion is appalling. \"Plus Rodge is probably going to be there and he's the last person I want to see right now.\" Hunter frowns. \"What about me?\" She scowls. \"What about you? You've got at least a hundred personal cheerleaders, not to mention some actual cheerleaders all there to chant your name and all that other nonsense.\" \"Yeah, but none of them are Silver Silverberg.\" \"Damn right they're not,\" she smiles proudly and hates the little pang of guilt she feels when she notices Hunter frowning out of the corner of her eye. Silver sighs, \"I can't, Hunt, but I promise I'll go to your first college game even if it means taking a plane to Hicksville.\" \"And she'll wear your school colors,\" Dylan adds. \"I'm already giving him a ride to hell,\" Silver argues, shooting Dylan a look that clearly warns him to stay out of this. \"Wearing another school's colors? Now that's crossing some lines.\" \"Sorry, Hunt, I tried,\" Dylan shrugs innocently and Hunter shakes it off, pushing out of the basement and to the side of the house. \"Oh, and S, I'm sorry if I wasn't much help with your video thing. I was serious when I said I don't know.\" \"Believe me, North, trolling through the mall I've gotten worse on tape,\" Silver smiles, unlocking a silver Mercedes with a click. She throws her arms around his neck in a hug and whispers softly, \"Say hi to Phoebe for me, okay?\" \"Don't I always?\" Dylan smirks after giving her waist a tight squeeze and pulling back. \"Hey, lend me a copy when you're done with your documentary. I'm sure Naoko would love to see it. The girl practically idolizes you.\" \"No problem,\" Silver smiles. \"I miss hanging out, D.\" \"Haha, same here, S.\" \"What the fuck is this? Last I checked we don't live in the Upper East Side,\" Hunter teases playfully just to get socked in the arm by an easily irritable girl with a famous last name. Hunter flaunts a lopsided grin and Silver rolls her eyes, flipping her shiny waterfall of dark tresses, approaching her car. \"I don't think it's very smart to piss off the girl driving you around especially right before a game,\" Dylan says, semi-joking, semi-serious. It's then that he notices the way Hunter's watching Silver, the apprehension in his eyes. \"Man, she's strong.\" \"No kidding,\" Hunter agrees flatly. \"Something's wrong with Rodge and he won't talk about it which is a first seeing as we can't get him to shut up majority of the time. Did you see how he grabbed her? It's like I don't even know my own brother anymore.\" \"We both know what game he's playing,\" Dylan says, watching as Silver starts the car. \"Rodge wants out of the relationship, but he doesn't have the balls to tell her he just isn't that into her anymore. So he's pushing her away, trying to get her to end it so he won't feel as bad.\" \"Something tells me it's worse than that,\" Hunter says, shaking his head. \"Let's hope not,\" Dylan gravely replies, running his hand over his face. \"You should really get going before the kids get home or worse, the Admiral.\" \"Yeah, with my dad and my coach, I've got enough assholes screaming at me all day,\" Hunter nods, but then his lips turn down in a frown. \"So I guess this means you aren't coming to my game either?\" Dylan laughs bitterly and motions to the thick plaster encasing his arm. \"Honestly, bro, right now the last thing on my mind is the New London verses Kennedy High final championship football game. Good luck though.\" \"Like I need it,\" Hunter beams and pats Dylan on the shoulder. \"You take it easy, man.\" Dylan stands and watches the car drive off, Silver sporting a pair of oversize shades and Hunter holding onto the dashboard for dear life. He then heads back into the lighthouse and halfway up the stairs is when he finally feels loneliness weighing him down. When he's with his friends, time passes by so quickly and he has a good time talking about absolutely nothing and everything at the same time. \"Thanks for having a party and not inviting me, Dylan.\" Dylan sees that the couch in the living room, the one he's been planted to for majority of the day, now holds Phoebe North who's picking at one of the leftover pieces of pizza. Instantly flashing back to yesterday, Dylan suddenly feels cold and his hands go clammy. He really doesn't know how to talk to her anymore. \"No party,\" Dylan corrects her, walking deeper into the messy living room. \"But hey, next time if we break out Mrs. Munion's special stash and streamers, I'll text you.\" Phoebe doesn't seem amused by his sarcasm. \"What are you even doing here, Phoebe?\" \"For one, I live here and it's almost three, Dylan,\" she snaps and Dylan runs his fingers through his hair, not realizing Hunter and Silver had stayed so long. \"I, um, drove your Mustang to school. I know that car's your baby or whatever, but to be honest, it sucks.\" \"Yeah, it does,\" Dylan agrees with a little laugh. He flexes his fingers, hardly being able to remember what it feels like to be behind the wheel of a car. \"Don't worry about her. I'm looking forward to fixing her up this summer.\" \"Cool,\" Phoebe nods and Dylan finds himself sitting on the arm of the couch, leaving a good couple feet between Phoebe and him. She suddenly looks up at him, her eyes giving away her curiosity. \"Did you really mean what you said back there?\" He squares his shoulders coyly. \"What did I say?\" \"About life being bored now that you and your little gang of mischievous yet damn talented friends aren't, well, friends anymore,\" Phoebe reiterates and Dylan remembers, nodding. \"I, um, kinda overheard a bit of that.\" \"Why didn't you join the party?\" Dylan wonders aloud. \"Silver says hi by the way.\" \"The last conversation I had with Silver didn't exactly end on a high note,\" Phoebe says; her face twisting guiltily. \"She told me she was dating Rodge again and I told her he's a womanizing man-slut who's just going to hurt her in the end.\" Dylan chuckles with a hint of sadness in the sound. \"Hey, you might be right. I know we tease him about liking Christina a lot, but something bigger is going on and he won't talk to us. Silver's confused and Hunter's worried about him. Hell, I'm worried.\" There's a silence that settles in and it isn't exactly a comfortable one. \"So are you going to say it or am I?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Last night,\" Dylan reminds her, standing. He's lost his patience. He can't simply sit there beside her and pretend that nothing happened. That seems to be the only thing Phoebe's certain of. She has these little explosions and immediately tries to move on like she didn't just pick a fight or get upset over the smallest issue or kiss him back . \"You were vulnerable last night,\" Phoebe says quietly. \"You just had your pride stomped on in front of the whole school and I−I just broke up with Jason for good . We're just all mixed up and confused and I didn't mean for things to turn out how they did. I didn't mean−\" \"Yeah, well, it happened, Phoebe,\" Dylan drills into her head, unable to sit and listen to her list excuses. \"Am I supposed to just sit here and act like nothing happened? Am I supposed to forget about it? I can't do that, Phoebe. I can't.\" \"I don't know what you want from me!\" Phoebe shouts back, yet another dramatic explosion. \"I don't understand what happened last night. Truthfully, it scares the hell out of me, Dylan. I'm just glad that I stopped things before anything happened that we'd be regretting right now. I hate this, Dylan. I hate being confused around you. Things were perfect before. You were my brother, my best friend. Now…now I don't know what to think…\" \"That makes two of us…\" \"I should go,\" she awkwardly suggests and he doesn't try to stop her. Phoebe gives no explanation as to where she's going. Dylan sits perfectly still until he hears the door slam. Blinking, he wonders how things got so bad so quickly without it even registering in his head. Dylan threads his fingers through his hair, his digits coiling around the tresses until he can feel the pressure against his scalp. He knows this thing with Phoebe is completely out of control and all of it just makes him angry. He wants a time machine so he can go back and stop that first kiss, that single moment of bliss that shattered his content life. Dylan doesn't know where he can get a time machine, but he does know where Mrs. Munion keeps her booze. He may not be able to go back and change everything, but he can try to forget everything. He's standing in mere seconds, his bare feet thundering against the hardwood floors as he ventures deep inside, his destination being the little room behind the kitchen. Mrs. Munion, bless her soul, thinks that no one notices when she takes a quick liquor break in the evenings. Well, she's incredibly disillusioned because everyone knows. Dylan's sure she won't notice a bottle gone and if she did, she'd never question Frank or Helen on the matter. Dylan easily steels a glass bottle of liquor and sneaks out. With his room shrouded in darkness, he undoes the cap. The smell alone brings back memories of the good days, of when he was happy and carefree and surrounded by happy and carefree people. He takes a swig, dedicating it to Phoebe and how he complicated her life. Another swig is for his reputation that's down the drain. The third is for his friends; for Silver and Rodge and their deteriorating relationship; for Hunter and his desperate attempt to keep things from falling apart. The four is for Cecelia, for Devin and all those lost and broken. After the fifth he loses count. Love Bug ©Jonas Brothers Gives You Hell © All American Rejects[Chapter 9] TemporarynInsanity ChapternNine: Caught ChristinanBeardsley knows it isn't right, but she can't help herself. \"Rodge…\" \"I'mnsorry,\" he instantly apologizes with his eyes on his sneakers. \"Inshouldn't be here. I shouldn't be bothering you it's just…Inneed someone to talk to.\" He looks up at her through the darknshield of hair that falls across his eyes like a sad little puppy. \"Inneed you, Christina.\" She'snfrightened, being one of only two people standing in the schoolnparking lot. She's frightened because the other person is RodgenMontgomery, the boy she's been warned countless times to stay awaynfrom, the boy who looks as if he's falling apart by the seams.nTheir eyes meet and she regrets waving off her friends once cheernpractice ended, saying she'll catch a ride home with Rodge. \"Wh−nwhat happened?\" \"Ingot into a fight,\" he admits and paces back and forth, his facencontorting with sheer agony. \"I got into a fight with Hunternbecause I did something stupid and I'm sorry I did it, I really am,nbut I was so angry at the time. God, I don't know what's wrongnwith me.\" \"Rodge,nyou aren't making any sense,\" Christina says slowly, easingncloser towards him. She lays her hand on his forearm and Rodgenquickly pulls away, keeping his eyes on the dirty laces of hisnConverse. \"Let's just…start from the beginning, alright?\" Thenmusician takes a deep breath, closes his eyes and attempts tonunscramble his thoughts. \"Silvernand I got into a fight,\" he says much more calmly and Christinanfalters at the mention of his girlfriend, never once showing it. \"Shengot all pissed that I went to Devin's party last weekend. It wasnone party and she turns it into this huge thing! And Hunter, thatntraitor, he always takes her side. Always .\" \"Well,nlet's be logical here,\" Christina tries to reason with him. \"Ifnshe was going out without even bothering to tell you, wouldn't younbe upset? Wouldn't you want to know?\" \"No,\"nRodge answers evenly. \"Really?\"nChristina asks, furrowing her brows. \"Because I sure would.\" \"That'snthe thing,\" Rodge says, his face looking rather thoughtful. \"Incan't control her. If I can't stop her from running off to Yalenand leaving me behind then why does she pick fights with me aboutnhanging out with Devin and the guys when she knows she can't stopnme?\" Christinancan't find an answer, but she sees the bigger picture. She sees whynhe's fading back into that person he once was, hanging out withnboys who think they're all grown up, thugs and gangsters. Rodgenknows the risk. He's seen what happened to Dylan. Yet he still goesnback to damn Devin. It's because he's scared with graduationnapproaching. If he's going to be left behind then he's going tonbond with people who're going to be left behind with him. \"Sonshe's going to Yale, huh?\" \"Indon't see why not,\" Rodge shrugs. \"She got accepted. Silver'snjust a little rich girl who deserves her little rich world and asnmuch as I try to pretend, I'm never going to fit in it. Hell, I'mnnot going to college. I don't know what I want. I don't think Inever did.\" \"Well,ncollege isn't for everyone,\" Christina says encouragingly, thoughnshe hears her father's outraged voice in the back of her headntelling her otherwise. \"Have you talked to, um, Silver about any ofnthis?\" \"Intry,\" Rodge says quite bashfully. He seems embarrassed to admit it,nbut he is the one that initiated this, that begged for her to listennto him. Rodge takes a deep breath and goes on, \"I try but I alwaysnseem to fuck it up. God, Christina, why am I so fucked up?\" Christinanfrowns, watching Rodge kick at the pebbles on the ground, his face sonlong and sad. She can't help herself and reaches forward, pullingnhim into a much needed hug. The school womanizer is stiff at first,nrefusing to respond, but he soon warms up to her touch andnwholeheartedly returns the embrace. Christinandoesn't know how this has happened, how she became friends withnRodge Montgomery. She remembers the flirting when she was the newngirl, fresh meat in a locker that's grown old and cold. He backednoff once finding out she's Dylan and Phoebe's stepsister, butnlately he's been rather sweet and Christina can't help but findnherself enchanted. Shendecides it's time to pull away when realizing she's been toonclose to him for too long and liked it a little too much. When shensees his face, he's smiling such a gorgeous smile thought thensadness reflected in his dark eyes is undeniable. \"Again,nI'm sorry for unloading all my shit on you. I must sound like anlittle bitch,\" Rodge tries to laugh through his sadness andnChristina attempts to smiling along. Whether they fail or not,nneither seem to care really, too concentrated on the other. \"Anyways,nthank you. You're a good friend, Christina.\" \"It'snwhat I do,\" Christina coolly replies and Rodge lets out a lownchuckle, bringing his arms around her in another hug. This time, it'snChristina's turn to tense and fearfully pull away. \"Look, I thinknit's cool you can come to me when you need someone to talk to. Inmean, most people have issues opening up and I'm glad you aren'tnone of them, but…I don't think we can do this anymore, Rodge.\" \"Whynnot?\" \"Younhave a girlfriend who you obviously need to sort things out with,\"nChristina says automatically, taking a step away from him. \"I can'tnhelp but think that having me around even as just a good friend isngoing to compliment things.\" \"Babe,ntake a breath, you're turning red,\" he points out with anchildlike grin and Christina's momentarily confused, wondering ifnhe's even heard her entire nerve-wracking monologue. \"Aw, c'mon,nChristina, it's not like I'm married or whatever. I can stillnhave friends, can't I?\" \"Slownyour roll, hotshot,\" Christina warns him, holding her hands up andnshaking her head. \"I've seen He'snJust Not that into You and I'll be damned if I'm Scarlett Johansson.\" \"Yeah,nI've got no clue what you're talking about,\" Rodge admitsnlaughingly, honestly unable to decode her chick babble. \"I do knownthat you need a ride home and that means I have a whole twentynminutes where I get to brainwash you with my music.\" \"Justnpromise to keep the scary screeching to a minimum,\" Christinandesperately proposes. \"Sorry,nboo, no promises,\" Rodge laughs and opens the door to his Jeep,nmotioning for the cheerleader to slide in. Once she's clearlyninside and already struggling with the seatbelt, Rodge gently shutsnthe door and rounds the front, smiling to himself. Rodgendesperately wishes he could smile and be so relaxed with hisngirlfriend, but no, this goofy grin and carefree demeanor seems to bensolely reserved for Christina Beardsley. … ThenJeep speeds off and Christina hates this. She hates the smile on hernface, the one that's there because of Rodge Montgomery. She standsnfor a moment, thinking over the last twenty minutes. She hates thenway he makes her laugh even if he isn't trying to be funny. Shenhates that she loves his music and that he isn't like any of thenboys she's grown up with, the cold and mean future Coast Guardsnthat never talk about their feelings. Mostnof all, she hates that he has a girlfriend and though they haven'tndone anything beyond riding in cars together and talking, Christinanhates feeling like the other woman. Christinanfinally ventures into the lighthouse, going straight to the kitchennfor a drink. She briefly scans over a note on the refrigerator,nexplaining that Kelly has a soccer game and the younger kids havengone to support her. Realizing that she has her own game she needs tonget ready for, Christina trots up the stairs to her room when she'snmomentarily distracted by the sound of vomiting. Shencurses her incurable curiosity and goes to investigate. Christinaneasily throws the first bathroom door open and finds it empty. Shenthen hears gagging and charges down the hall, forcing back the doornof the second. Her eyes go wide when she sees shards of broken glassnscattered all across the floor and a miserable teenage boy leaningnagainst the bathtub, green in the face. \"Dylan,nwhat the hell do you think you're doing?\" Christina questionsnwith a gasp, placing a hand on her hip. Her only reply is Dylanngroaning and refusing to look at her. The blonde high school juniornis careful not to step on any of the glass, grabbing Dylan's cheeknand forcing him to look at her. \"Are you on drugs again?\" \"You'dnassume that, wouldn't you, Barbie?\" Dylan laughs bitterly andnleans back against the wall, his eyes glazed over, smelling stronglynof liquor. \"Do you honestly think I'm that stupid? I normallynprefer tequila and tacos…\" \"Younidiot,\" Christina says with disgust, jumping away. \"Do you knownhow stupid you're being? What the hell is this about? Is it becausenJason broke your arm or that lame band thingy? No…it's a girlnisn't it? It's always about a girl. God, Dylan, you've got angood life, but if you keep pulling these stupid stunts−\" \"Jeez,nquit talking to me like my mom!\" Dylan shouts, his fingers latchingnonto the towel rack, his wobbly feet attempting to stand. A momentnlater, his legs collapse and he's back to his original spot. \"Younwon't understand.\" \"Makenme understand,\" Christina quickly shoots back, sitting comfortablynon the edge of the bathtub. Her friends waiting downstairs completelynslip her mind. \"I'vennever had that reaction to alcohol ever,\" Dylan complains, lyingndown across the blue fuzzy bathroom rub. Christina seemsnapprehensive, her eyes darting from him to the broken glass on thenfloor. Dylan doesn't even notice. \"A few sips and I felt sick tonmy stomach. It's weird because I never even threw up the first timenI ever got really wasted.\" \"Maybenit's not so much the alcohol itself, but like an emotional reactionnbecause you've been clean for so long and your conscience wasntelling you it's not right,\" Christina assesses, thoughtfullynstroking her chin with her fingertips. \"What's going on, Dylan?\" \"Itnisn't important.\" \"Well,nit must be important if you'd stupidly think alcohol would make younforget,\" Christina challenges. \"Let's make a deal. I'll cleannup all this glass and you tell me what's going on.\" \"You'rentaking advantage of me temporary losing my sanity,\" Dylanncomplains, nervously running his hands through his already messynbrown hair. He sighs and slouches down, defeated. \"Fine, seeingnPrincess Beardsley clean is so worth it.\" Christinansimply rolls her eyes and goes to the hallway closet, finding a broomnand dustpan. She reluctantly gets down on her hands and knees tonsweep up every shard of glass. Christina clears her throat, \"Indon't hear you explaining.\" \"Thenday started out shitty. My arm hurts like hell and your brother wasnbeing annoying,\" Dylan lazily recalls. \"My friends stopped by fornlunch and everything was going good − minus a little Rodge andnSilver clash − then Phoebe came home and we got into another stupidnfight.\" \"Younflinched when you said Phoebe,\" Christina observes as she dumps thendustpan of glass into the trashcan. Christina sits on the floor,ndirectly across from Dylan, watching him with eyes of interest. \"Sonthis has to do with Phoebe.\" \"Intold her about the incident with Devin when I, you know, ODed,\"nDylan tells her, playing with a strip of leather around his wrist.n\"She thinks she knows me. She's got this outline of who I am innher head and when I don't live up to her expectations…I don'tnknow… she just tries to avoid it till it goes away and that pissesnme off.\" \"Sincenwhen have you started caring what Phoebe thinks?\" \"Indon't know,\" Dylan replies. He's rather annoyed with himself,nnot being able to come up with than answer. \"Listen, I'm nauseasnand pissed off and I need you to do me a favor.\" Christinanseems skeptical. \"What is it?\" \"Whennmy mom gets home can you tell her I want to see her in my room?\"nDylan proposes and Christina, finding the task simple, nods. \"WhilenI'm talking to her I want you to find my Vicodin. It should be innher purse. I need it, Christina. The physical pain is killing me.\" Notnto mention the emotional pain too. \"Dylan,nget it through your thick skull,\" Christina says, partly annoyednand partly sympathetic. \"If you get addicted again, my dad is goingnto convince Helen to send you to rehab or maybe even military school.nEven worse, if you keep taking Vicodin and alcohol, you can die .\" \"Wouldnthat be such a bad thing?\" Dylan questions morbidly and Christinanfeels a jolt of pure fear travel down her spine. \"Ha, jeez,nBeardsley, learn how to take a joke. I'm kidding. It's just beenna…crappy day. I'll be fine by tomorrow.\" \"Inknow things suck around now, but they'll get better. I'm sure,\"nChristina reassures him comfortingly. Dylan heaves a heavy sigh andnChristina lets her mind wander in the silence. \"Dylan…Phoebe andnyou…you two didn't…I mean, there's nothing…going on, right?nI mean, between you two, right?\" \"Ifnyou're asking if I ever hooked up with Phoebe…then you'renseriously insane.\" Dylan's entire face contorts in a look ofnclear repulsion. This is the only way Dylan saw this happening. He'snsober enough to know better than to share his dark secret withnChristina of all people. \"What makes you think of that?\" \"Nothing,nwell, Phoebe was telling me about kissing some guy who's like anbrother to her,\" Christina explains with a shrug. \"Come to thinknof it, she's been really freaked out since then. It was about thensame time as you started acting weird too. I just thought that therenwas some kind of connection, that's all.\" \"Younshouldn't be surprised. We're Norths. We've got some seriousnproblems,\" Dylan laughs bitterly, combing his fingers through hisnhair. \"It's just how we roll.\" \"Amennto that,\" Christina says jokingly, feeling rather stupid that she'dneven ask the question, especially aloud and to Dylan. \"Ew, you'renso right. I mean, Phoebe and you, incest fest.\" Hernwords leave a bitter taste in his mouth, though Dylan easily coversnit with a smile. \"Hey,npay attention because I'm never going to say this ever again,\"nDylan warns, uncomfortable in the direction this conversation isngoing. \"Thanks for…whatever this was…\" \"See,nI keep telling everyone I'd be an awesome counselor, but no onenbelieves me. Seriously, coming to me is definitely a lot cheaper thanngoing to some overpriced professional,\" Christina respondsncheekily. \"One last piece of advice: brush your teeth and use thenwhole bottle of mouthwash because your breath can wipe out a wholennation.\" Christinanbounces to her feet, holding out a hand to help Dylan. She grabs hisntoothbrush from the rack and allies the toothpaste for him. Dylannobediently brushes every tooth and rinses his mouth with mouthwash,nridding his oral cavity of the mixture of alcohol and bile. Her eyesntrace his cast and she smiles, seeing Hunter's message of: Nextntime you plan on getting your ass handed to you, call me first .nI got your back, North. − Hunter. \"Inknow your dirty little secret, you closet Champagne Gang fan. Waitntill I get you into Gossip Girl. Love Silver,\" Christina readsnaloud. \"You like Champagne Gang?\" \"Silver'sna cynic, but it doesn't mean she doesn't have a sense of humor,\"nDylan explains after spitting into the sink. \"Silver's one of mynbest friends, you know.\" Christinannods with her blue eyes staring straight through the mirror. \"SonI've heard.\" \"Inknow you like Rodge and that's cool,\" Dylan says, easily noticingnhow she stiffens at his comment, ready for a defensive retort, but hencuts her off. \"I also know that you're cool and you'll do thenright thing.\" \"Andnthe right thing's not to date him, right, because he already has angirlfriend?\" Christina asks rather coldly. \"He isn't happy andnshe isn't happy, but all that matters is that they're in anrelationship .nWow, for people who say they hate labels, you and Phoebe sure havenbeen on my ass about this imaginary scenario where you think I'mngoing to break them up.\" \"Relax, sis ,\"nDylan smiles coolly. \"You're right. I'm just saying that maybenyou should wait till he sorts through his shit before getting tanglednup in all of it. Personally, I've got no problem with you datingnRodge if that's what you both mutually want, just not while he'sndating Silver.\" \"Yeahnright,\" Christina says sharply. \"You can honestly say younwouldn't mind me dating one of your friends?\" \"Inmean, if the feelings are genuine and real then nothing else shouldnmatter, right?\" \"Right,\"nChristina agrees, wondering when the hell Dylan North became soninsightful. He's leaning heavily against the sink and Christinantakes a moment to look at him and all the colorful scribbles acrossnthe plaster on his arm. \"Hey, I didn't get to sign your castnyet.\" Dylannrolls his eyes and pulls a drawer open, digging through miscellaneousnjunk before coming across a marker. He leans against the sink and shenquickly scribbles against his cast, smiling to herself. It reads: getnwell soon, Mushroom head. \"Ha,nno one calls me that…you are so dead,\" Dylan warns her andninstantly Christina rushes towards the door, laughing. Still a bitndisoriented, Dylan stumbles forward, chasing her. Christina speedsnout the door, trying to keep a good distance between Dylan and her. Somehownhe manages to lunge forward and grab onto her, his tight hold denyingnChristina movement of her arms. The weight of his body pulls down thenpetite girl to the point where she loudly stumbles down the hallway. \"Okay,nsomeone is in serious need of a diet,\" Christina teases, squirmingnand trying to break free from his hold. Dylan's hold is firm, himnstill having a major headache and his senses not so clear. He'snsure another ten hours of sleep will fix him right up. \"Diet,nhuh? Well, someone is in need of some weight training,\" Dylanninstinctively replies. \"I thought cheerleaders were supposed to benstrong.\" \"FYInI do weight train and we, cheerleaders, are strong,\" Christinancounters, \"but we never trained to lift cows. Since I feel sorrynfor you I guess I'll get you to your room, but after this, don'tnyou ever try to use Christina as crutches ever again.\" \"Christina,nyou aren't gonna tell anyone about this, right?\" Dylannpractically pleads. \"If anyone finds out especially mom, Frank,nWilliam…or Phoebe, I'm dead. You gotta promise.\" \"Asnfar as I'm concerned, this never happened,\" Christina nodsnaffirmatively. Thentwo share a look of agreement before they turn a corner and come facento face with a startled and slightly confused Phoebe. Blinking,nDylan's arms go slack and he releases Christina from his friendlynhold, choosing to lean against the hallway wall to keep fromncollapsing. It's completely silent and more awkward than it shouldnbe. Christina's lips part as if to explain, but then she catchesnDylan's downhearted face and stops. She did promise him. \"Whatnnever happened?\" Phoebe asks, her tone making it seem like more ofnan interrogation than an inquiry. She must have just gotten home, thenstrap of her backpack still strapped to her back. \"It'snnothing,\" Christina quickly replies. \"Um something just happenednin Chemistry class. Trust me, Phoebe, you don't want to know. It'sna stupid junior thing a senior wouldn't care about. That remindsnme. Dylan, I've got your missed assignments. You have so manynteachers who go off in angry rants the second I say your name.\" \"Mrs.nLockdolt grade eleven English,\" Dylan said with a knowing nod. \"Shenhates me. I'm barely passing her class.\" \"Well,num, I'll get those assignments for you,\" Christina says uneasilynand walks back down the hall, disappearing into the room she sharesnwith Phoebe. Once Christina disappears, Dylan can feel Phoebe'sneyes on him. He doesn't even look at her, scowling and walking offnto his room. Even when she follows him, he pays her no attention. \"Gonaway, Phoebe. I have a headache and it's killing me. I just wannanbe alone…\" \"Whatnis going on, Dylan?\" Phoebe asks exasperatedly. He lifts himself tonsit atop William's desk that's so clean one would insist he'snOCD. Tapping her foot and crossing her arms, Phoebe sneers, \"So arenyou and Christina…is something going on that I don't know about?\" \"You'renlooking a little jealous, Pheebs. You might want to go take care ofnthat,\" Dylan smirks, rather amused. Phoebe loudly throws her bagnaside and narrows her eyes. \"Oh,nMr. Smartass, tell me what I'm jealous of?\" Phoebe challenges.nDylan sways his feet back and forth while staring out the opennwindow. He's waiting for someone to come home, for that yellownschool bus to crawl up the hill and put an end to this conversation. \"You'renjealous that I'm going to move on,\" Dylan responds, immediatelynfinding her eyes. \"I can't just sit here and wait for you,nPhoebe. These last couple of days has been hell. I like you and nownI'm willing to admit that, but I can't always be the one whoninitiates this. It's either you like me or you don't. I can'tnkeep doing this. I just can't…\" Phoebenfinds him annoying and infuriating and stubborn and extremelynattractive. She watches as his lips part, as he continues to talk,nbut his words don't reach his ears because her lips are movingnagainst his. Her fingers dig into the collar of his shirt and shenyanks him close, her body pressed to his. Her hand dives through hisnchocolate locks as she brings his bottom lip between hers, suckingngently. Dylannwants to be strong, but come on, it's Phoebe. He kisses her back,ndeepening the kiss with such passion and affection. She hates thensudden weakness she feels in her knees and he hates this overwhelmingnneed to somehow get closer, to touch her. They hate this, but can'tnseem to tear themselves apart. They hate the trouble this will bring,nbut they love it oh so much − the intensity, the feeling of beingncomplete. Thensound of books loudly hitting the floor startles both. Phoebenpractically jumps away, being so nervous and on edge lately. Shenknows everyone can see it and now someone, someone who probably livesnin this lighthouse, knows the reason why she's been that way. Dylannself-consciously wipes his lips against the sleeve of his shirt,nturning towards the door and seeing a horrified blonde, her jawngaping and practically hitting the floor. His homework and all hisntext books are scattered all across the floor, but the mess it thenleast of their problems. Christina looks as if a million questionsnare running through her head and sadly, Phoebe and Dylan don't haventhe answers to a single one. \"I-I'mndrunk,\" Dylan says, raising his hand, as if that's a reasonablenexplanation. He falls onto his bed with a thud and both girls turn tonstare at him as if that's the stupidest thing they've ever heard.nDylan simply sighs, placing a hand against his forehead. They'rencaught.[Chapter 10] Temporary Insanity Chapter Ten: Lyrics Tell All, Actions Say Nothing \"OH. MY. GOD!!\" Christina stumbles into the boys' room, needing to sit and finding her brother's perfect bed across the room from two very nervous Norths. She keeps looking from Dylan to Phoebe, her eyes moving so quickly that her head begins to throb from the dizziness. Dylan's sitting on his bed with a blank stare and Phoebe's leaning against her brother's messy desk, her arms insecurely wrapped around her shoulders. \"Have you two completely lost it?\" Christina explodes. \"Does your mom know?\" \"Of course not,\" Phoebe quickly answers. With a look of desperation on her pale face, Phoebe runs her fingers through her honey brown locks. Her heart's thumping so rapidly in her chest, Phoebe wouldn't doubt if the other two teens in the room could heart it. \"It was a mistake…\" \"There you go again,\" Dylan scowls, throwing his hands up in the air. He stands and walks over to Phoebe who backs away with uncertainty. \"You run, Phoebe. You run away from every little thing that you don't want to deal with. Christina knows now. We just gotta suck it up and deal.\" \"You want me to deal?\" Phoebe asks, her voice rising with each word. \"I don't know what this is, Dylan. I don't want to feel this way about you. I never wanted it to escalade. I just want it all to go away. Now that three of us know, it's only a matter of time before everyone in the house finds out and eventually everyone in school and everyone in town after that.\" \"Would that be so bad?\" Dylan inquires. Hearing her wish away her feelings for him is like a knife to his heart. He tries his hardest to hide the fact that she hurt him. \"You know what…just…whatever. Run if you like. I don't give a damn anymore.\" It's silent as Dylan and Phoebe locked eyes. They search each other, trying to read each other's body language and find an answer. All they find is confusion and strangely, concern. Even stranger, Christina's the one to break the silence with her laughter. Dylan and Phoebe turn to the blonde who's laughs turn hysterical, her eyes beginning to tear. Replacing that shocked, jaw dropped expression is a wide grin. \"What's so funny?\" \"You so want each other. It's disturbingly funny, like Jerry Springer or something,\" Christina says, rubbing her eyes. Phoebe and Dylan fail at finding any of this amusing though Christina continues to laugh despite the tension in the hair. \"I'm so glad you're utterly amused,\" Phoebe says dryly, glancing over at her stepsister. It's much easier than staring at the adopted brother she just jumped and kissed in front of their stepsister. \"What are we supposed to do?\" \"We're all supposed to shut up and keep this our little secret,\" Dylan steps up to take charge. No other option seems fit. \"Seriously, mom would take it better if I told her I was gay and having unholy thoughts about William. If she found out we were−\" \"Breaking each other's falls with your lips,\" Christina finishes with a sputter, her laughter dying down to giggles. Both Dylan and Phoebe just glare over at the blonde who grins back. \"I could imagine the conversation. So awkward…\" \"Please, Christina, you have to promise us,\" Phoebe begs as she continues to ignore Dylan and takes a seat beside the blonde. They hear the sound of loudly chattering children and instantly know the youngsters are already home. This conversation needs to end now . \"Don't worry,\" Christina assures them once her laughter subsides and the reality of the situation sinks in. \"Guys, this is so screwed up, you know that, right? How long has this been going on?\" \"It doesn't matter…because it's over.\" \"It can't be over if there wasn't anything fucking there to start with,\" Dylan says coldly, evidently angry and hurt. Phoebe says nothing, simply walking out of the room and down the hall. This time, she doesn't even bother to look back. He watched as she walked away again, straight out the door and down the hallway. \"Dylan…\" \"I'm taking a nap,\" he says with no emotion and dives beneath the sheets of his bed. \"That's cool. Being a cheerleader apparently in need of weight training, I've gotta get to the game,\" Christina says, frowning sympathetically. \"This kinda awesome and oddly insightful guy once told me that if the feelings are genuine and real then nothing else matters. Just remember that, okay?\" \"It's kinda hard,\" Dylan laughs bitterly, \"but I'll try. Thanks, Christina.\" \"Anytime.\" Christina runs a comforting circle against his tense shoulder before she stands and walks out, leaving Dylan to brood in the comforts of his empty room. He groans, tired of lying in his bed and feeling sorry for himself. He needs to get out. He needs a good time. Dylan rolls over in his bed and reaches for the bedside table, snatching up his cell phone that's been sitting right beside a little black pin with a pink bunny printed on. Despite the nauseas feeling in the pit of his stomach, Dylan searches for one specific number, one he hasn't called in so long, but could never convince himself to delete. His lips curl into a smirk when he hears the voice cooing on the other side of the phone. \"Hey Cecelia,\" he breathes though his heart doesn't beat fast in his chest like it should. Still, he goes through with it. \"I was just thinking and maybe we should give it another shot. That would be amazing. Sure, I'll see you tonight at Devin's.\" He ends the call, not caring if it's a school night. After spending so many straight days trapped in the lighthouse, Dylan's desperate to get out. He quickly changes into some socially acceptable clothes and makes his way down the stairs, trying not to draw any attention to himself. It isn't hard. With seventeen other kids running around the house, Dylan feels like he's somehow been warped into a chapter from Lord of the Flies. Dylan presses his back to a wall in the hallway when he hears William's faint voice coming from the kitchen. He slyly steals the keys to William's SUV and smoothly disappears out the door. He needs to take William's car. It's automatic and easy. Dylan really can't drive with his stick shift old school Mustang and a broken arm. \"Dylan, where are you going?\" He hears the fragility and innocence in the voice and it shatters him. \"Hey Jo,\" Dylan greets his little sister who's caught him halfway to William's SUV. He grins at Joni North who returns his stare with suspicion. It makes Dylan smile, seeing the likeliness between Phoebe and Joni, sisters by birth. Phoebe takes after Helen in almost every physical attribute while Joni inherited their father's dark hair. Besides both having dark brown eyes, the one major and obvious trait shared between the two is their paleness. \"Hey D,\" Joni mimics, still watching him with wariness. \"How's your arm?\" \"You know I don't lie to you,\" Dylan says and it makes the young girl grin. \"I feel like a truck just run over my arm, reversed over it and ran over it again and again and again and again.\" Joni frowns. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't worry about me, kiddo. You aren't the idiot who broke it,\" he assures her with a light laugh. Dylan sits on the front steps of the lighthouse and Joni hops down to take a seat beside him. \"What's up, Jo? You want to talk about something?\" \"Just wondering where you were going,\" she replies innocently. \"Which is?\" \"Football game,\" Dylan lies unthinkingly and Joni looks at him, puzzled. Dylan North isn't exactly a sports fan or one to give into high school brainwash and Joni knows him well enough to find all of this doubtful. \"You know how I've been having problems with my friends and I'm sick and tired of all this drama. So despite how much I hate school functions, I'm going to go watch Hunter play.\" \"Aren't you still grounded?\" Joni questions and Dylan grits his teeth. \"Frank is going to kill you if he finds out that you're sneaking out!\" \"Frank isn't going to find out,\" Dylan corrects and nudges his little sister with his shoulder. \"Come on, Joni, just like old times. If anyone can organize and execute plan keep-mom-and-the-Admiral-clueless-while-your-favorite-brother-leaves-the-house-for-the-first-time-in-four-months it's you, little J.\" Joni can't help, but smile, flattered. \"Well, I am kinda awesome, aren't I?\" \"The awesomest,\" he says and it makes him smile to know he isn't lying to her for once in the course of this conversation. After dramatically sighing, Joni gives him the nod and the loyalty leaves Dylan impressed. \"Thanks, kid. I've been going crazy locked up in the lighthouse.\" \"I've got you covered,\" Joni assures him. \"Go have fun, Dylan.\" \"You are the best,\" he worships her, throwing his arm around the ten-year-old and pulling her close for a warm hug. \"Don't worry. I'll be home before you know it.\" Dylan playfully ruffles her dark tresses and the young girl laughs aloud at her brother's goofy side that he seldom shows to outsiders. They exchange a quick last goodbye and Dylan sneaks off to William's SUV while Joni goes back inside, making sure that no one is close enough to the porch to see. He sits behind the wheel and waits for the signal − something they've done so many times in the past. The moment comes just perfect. At the shrill sound of the saxophone, Dylan takes his cue and starts the engine, knowing that everyone in the house will be horrified at the sound of Joni playing, distracting them to the point where a car engine won't even register with their bleeding ears. Dylan doesn't like lying to his family − specifically Joni who's sweet and young and hangs on every one of his words. He doesn't like lying to her, but he knows if he told her he was sneaking out to hang out with Devin and Cecelia that Joni (anyone in the house, really) would go straight to Frank and Helen in a heartbeat. He shoves the guilt that comes with deceiving his sister to the back of his head and drives off without even so much as a glance back. … \"How could I let this happen?\" Phoebe muses aloud, pacing back and forth. Her expression is blank as she stares at the wall and Christina is busy rushing around the room, preparing for the football game tonight. \"I mean…it's sick and wrong and illegal. Plus, it's Dylan. He's the most arrogant and irritating guy on the planet…well, besides William and sometimes Rodge.\" \"He's leaving,\" Christina announces, standing by the window, spotting Dylan who doesn't even bother to look around before unlocking William's car and driving down the hill. \"He's probably going to hang out with Devin or that skank, Cecelia,\" Phoebe sneers. She shakes her head and tries to convince herself that she doesn't care. She refuses to let his childish antics get to her. \"He's such a damn hypocrite saying that I run every time I can't deal with something. What's he doing right now? It sure as hell looks like running to me.\" \"Phoebe, he's just…confused.\" \"Like I'm not,\" Phoebe says angrily. She pulls a familiar notebook from beneath her pillow and begins flipping through it, her movement so harsh some pages tear at the spine. \"What?\" Christina stops with her mascara wand in hand, quickly turning to gaze over at her older stepsister. Phoebe cries out in utter frustration and hurls her notebook at the wall in one violent sweep of her arm. Christina jumps at her vanity when the book hits the wall and all the papers scatter to the floor. \"Why the hell is all of this happening?\" Phoebe asks in an extremely calm whisper. Christina feels nervous and she allows her eyes to fall to the floor, not being able to give Phoebe an answer. The cheerleader notices how a certain page has fallen to her feet, the words catching her eye. What just happened? Did you kiss me? Cause that's a place we've never been until now And I don't know how it's gonna be after this Do we pretend these feelings don't exist at all Or do we fall? My confusion shows whenever you get so close I stumble, I stutter, forget what to say I'm nervous, I wonder why I'm acting this way \"Christina, what are you looking at?\" Phoebe asks with curiosity, tilting her head to one side. Christina ignores her, reaching down for the paper in need of a closer look. It's temporary insanity What's going on with you and me? Is it real or is it fantasy? Forever or just temporary? \"Christina, let me see,\" Phoebe nervously insists. She jumps out of her bed and walks over, panicking when she notices what's on the paper. Phoebe looks absolutely petrified. \"Christina, give it to me now!\" \"Wait. Let me finishing reading it,\" Christina says absentmindedly, pulling the paper away from Phoebe as her eyes search the lyrics. Terrified of what Christina might say, Phoebe propels forward, desperately scrambling to reclaim the sheet of paper. You made a moved and changed your mind Too much to lose, you've crossed the line between friends And something more Was it all a big mistake? And if it was, it's much too late to undo And I don't really want to Let you go but I still don't know How I feel about you What this really means It's crazy to want you Is it meant to be? \"Don't touch my crap ever again,\" Phoebe threateningly advises and yanks the paper away. Christina watches as the paper crumples in Phoebe's hand before she bends down to collect all the other fallen pages. \"Phoebe, is that how you really feel?\" Christina asks; her voice soft. There's no more laughter or teasing. If it's another boy, Jason or even William, Christina would be wearing a crazy smirk and would never let Phoebe live it down. But it's not Jason. It isn't William either. It's Dylan. \"Go ahead,\" Phoebe shouts, her voice as sharp as knives. \"Laugh because I don't care. Like I said, it's over.\" \"You aren't being fair to him,\" Christina fights, so serious and unlike the usually bubbly cheerleader. \"He wants you and you want him too, but you're denying it in front of him and you've got to know hearing that is killing him. That song obviously says otherwise, Phoebe.\" \"Like the song, it's just temporary insanity,\" Phoebe simply shrugs. \"I'll get over it.\" \"Phoebe, as cheesy as it probably sounds, you can't deny love or who you love no matter how insane it may be,\" Christina warns the musician who bites hard against her bottom lip. \"Is there more?\" \"There's so much more,\" Phoebe confesses despite the pit of fear within her. Phoebe flattens the creases out of the paper she'd just crumpled and sticks it back into the book. \"It started when I went to that winter break college tour thing. Every day I wrote a different song and as much as I tried to deny it even to myself…I was thinking about him the whole time.\" It takes Christina a moment to digest everything. It's hard to watch Phoebe break down, having has no idea whatsoever how to fix everything. Phoebe's just a girl in love with a boy that loves her back. Christina realizes them being legal siblings, having the same last name, might make things a lot more complicated than any of them ever anticipated. … \"D, what're you doing here?\" \"I could ask you the same thing,\" Dylan inquires, almost angrily. He's standing in the driveway to one of the largest houses in all of Connecticut located in one of the more wealthy New London neighborhoods. The sun is long gone and teenagers are buzzing, piling into the mansion with Ferraris in the six car garage and an indoor pool out back. Dylan's leaning awkwardly against William's SUV with the one and only Rodge Montgomery across from him. Rodge looks absolutely shocked to see Dylan North at one of Devin's parties and vice versa. Dylan narrows his eyes and asks the question even though he already knows the answer, \"does Silver know you're here?\" \"You were there today,\" Rodge says, evading the question. \"What do you think?\" \"Shouldn't you be at your brother's game?\" \"Shouldn't you be home watching your girly TV shows?\" The two teenage boys share a hard stare and neither attempt to answer the other's question. Dylan doesn't know what's going on with this boy who he once referred to as his best friend. Lately, Dylan feels like Rodge is a complete stranger, sneaking around and always so guarded. \"Listen, man,\" Rodge starts, sighing and placing his hand on Dylan's broad shoulder. \"I'm tired of fighting and drama and shit. That's why I came here and I'm guessing that's why you did too. Let's just chill for tonight, okay? Tomorrow you can go back to tearing my head off over this thing with Silver.\" Dylan doesn't want to admit it, but Rodge does have a point. He too is tired of fighting with Phoebe and the drama that constantly fills the North-Beardsley lighthouse. Dylan came to Devin's house for a reason and that reason isn't to fight and cause even more drama. Plus, he came to the party with a mission and that mission isn't to give Rodge even more shit than already on his plate. \"What happens at Devin's, stays at Devin's, right?\" \"Aw, see, Lennon, now you're speaking my language,\" Rodge smirks and throws his arm around Dylan's neck, practically dragging him in through the front door. The second they step into the house, Dylan feels like he's just walked in through the gates of hell. The heat and humidity of the room is unbearable along with the smoke lingering in the air and spilt liquor on the floor. The house is full of scantily clothed teenage girls, all trying to act older than the birthdates on their student I.D. cards. The football game should be over in a matter of minutes and that's when the house will be completely packed whether it's a celebratory party or a self-pity party. Whether or not Hunter comes through and brings New London a title, tonight curfews are being ignored and liquor is being drained. Rodge starts scanning the crowd though Dylan isn't sure why. Devin's isn't exactly goody two-shoes Christina Beardsley's scene. Suddenly, Dylan feels sick to his stomach at the thought of Rodge searching for an easy lay. At least if he's with Christina, Dylan knows Rodge is forced to take it slow. These girls, however, are willing to put out simply at his offer of a charming smile. Dylan doesn't know why he's here. He doesn't know how, a couple months ago, this place had felt like his second him. He knows that Brooke's parents and Silver's parents are MIA most of the time so they'd come to Devin's for a lack of a better way to entertain themselves. Hunter and Rodge's parents don't give a shit about their late night pleasure trips − their mom working most of the time and their dad's only concern being Hunter's football career. Then there's Dylan who actually has a mother and siblings that give a rat's ass about him. He can't count with his fingers how many times he's had Naoko or Jimi or even ten-year-old Joni cover for him while he snuck out for the night. It all seems so stupid now, the way he'd do anything just for an adrenalin rush. Now, tonight, he doesn't want that rush or old feelings to resume. All he wants is to forget. \"Whoa,\" Rodge grabs onto the lapel of Dylan's blazer and stops him from walking further. Smirking, Rodge nods over to a group of girls on the dance floor, laughing their intoxicated laughs and grinding their bodies against each other. \"What do you say about hitting the dance floor, wingman?\" \"Nah, I think I'm good here,\" Dylan replies, having to yell over the blaring music. Dylan knows how Rodge attracts the girls like a moth to a flame, having some seriously badass moves. Dylan knows better than to be anywhere near Rodge on a dance floor. He'll only end up looking like a complete idiot beside Mr. Smooth. \"D, look at that blonde,\" Rodge urges him, biting on his knuckles as the girl in a miniscule skirt throws him a saucy wink. \"Aw, man, look at those damn hazel eyes. That's the shit some of the best love songs are written about.\" Dylan isn't so impressed. \"Silver's are nicer.\" \"What the fuck are you doing looking into my girl's eyes?\" Rodge asks, suddenly exploding with such anger raging in his dark eye. It's times like this where Dylan feels like suggesting he seek medical attention because Rodge seems like the definition of bipolar. What the fuck are you doing looking at other girls behind your girlfriend's back? That's the question on the tip of Dylan's tongue, but he holds back, remembering that this night is supposed to be a time for them to relax and unwind, not worsen the already difficult and tangled situation. \"Dude, relax.\" Dylan smiles to show Rodge that this doesn't have to be some tense moment that results in a fight. \"I'm your wingman, brah. I wouldn't even go for Silver if you did finally grow a pair and tell her how you feel. We're family. Family doesn't chase after family's girlfriends or ex-girlfriends or even sideline mistresses. Now loosen the fuck up, will yah?\" \"Wow, Mr. Mopes is telling me to loosen the fuck up? I never thought I'd see the day,\" Rodge teases, his blood pressure dropping as he slicks his fingers through his dark bangs. \"What'd you have in mind?\" \"Some whiskey would be nice,\" Dylan replies absentmindedly, looking from side to side. \"Your wish is my command,\" Rodge grins like a fool. \"I'll bring you something special .\" Dylan inwardly curses, not sure if he can take a night of hardcore partying like he could once upon a time. Rodge walks away, blending in with the crowd to the point where Dylan loses him. He's surrounded by nameless faces and tries his best to evade stumbling drunks with glasses of liquor, not wanting to get his cast wet. \"Wow, when Cecelia told me Dylan North was going to make an appearance at my little shindig, I laughed. I can't believe you're actually here,\" a rough voice says from behind. \"Welcome home, Dylan.\" Dylan wants to say how this toxic environment feels nothing like home, but his lips refuse to move. Compensating for his frozen mouth, his feet move without command, bringing Dylan face to face with someone he once looked up to, someone he once trusted with his life. Devin. He's nineteen-years-old and already a high school dropout. He considers himself a badass though his intimidating quality doesn't stem from his strength or the circumference of his biceps. Devin is intensely charismatic and doesn't waste his charm on trapping innocent high school virgins like Rodge. Devin is manipulative and so good with words, using that to get almost anything and everything he wants. He comes from a wealthy family so it isn't like he has to work or go to school. He's known around town for slinging drugs and throwing the best parties. He's tall and built like a linebacker, sporting an expensive suit and a wolfish smirk. His head is buzzed, skin tan and face clean shaven. Dylan stands in front of him, the guy he blames for the overdose incident and pretending nothing happened is simply too hard. \"Dylan, you showed!\" an excited voice squeals and all of a sudden he feels arms sling around his shoulders, weighing him down. A look of panic crosses his face and he moves his cast, not wanting the giggly and obviously drunk Cecelia McBride near it. \"D, drink this!\" Rodge shouts, coming up beside him with a shot glass filled with a rich, golden liquid. He's holding a dark bottle of beer in his other hand and already he's smiling without a care in the world. Dylan's confused as to how he does it, how Rodge can so easily put his conscience on the backburner and go through the motions, getting some satisfaction from it. Dylan's skin tingles when he feels Cecelia's wet vodka-laced lips sucking and licking at his neck. Devin's smirking with pride at how his family seems to be coming back together. However, Dylan sees something that Devin can't. This party, this scene, it's just failed attempts at piecing together broken parts, using alcohol and promises of sex as glue. Despite his eyes that are now opened to the corruption he once thrived in, Dylan knows for a fact that being here, losing himself in his old ways, is ten times better than being back at that lighthouse, crying over something far more shameful and immoral. So he takes the shot Rodge hands to him and when Cecelia presses her lips to his, he kisses her back. He kisses her hard and makes her moan and touches her hot flesh with his cold fingers. He knocks back drink after drink and laughs at stupid things that make no sense and definitely aren't funny. He tells lies, agreeing with everything Devin says and telling Cecelia she's the only girl who does it for him. All the while, Dylan feels nothing. Temporary Insanity © Alexz Johnson[Chapter 11] Temporary Insanity Chapter Eleven: Delicate \"Dude, get your hands off of me…\" \"North, this is for your own good. Sweetie, when Bitchface finds out she's pregnant you'll be thanking me for pulling you away,\" the sixteen-year-old girl keeps one stern hand on Dylan's shoulder as she pushes her way out of the crowded house party. She sighs with relief when the two finally make their way outside. \"You wanna tell me what you're doing here?\" \"I came to see Devin and hookup with Cecelia,\" Dylan honestly responds. His fingers are loosely looped through the key ring that holds the keys to William's SUV. An expression of amusement stretched across his face as he begins to jingle the linked metal objects. \"It's been forever since I've heard you say that,\" the girl frowns and looks at the boy with pity written across her face. \"I thought that sister of yours snapped some sense into your thick skull and you were done with the partying scene?\" \"She tried. She failed. I'm back,\" Dylan grins and stretches his hands up to the sky. His happy-go-lucky expression turns to one of curiosity as he looks her up and down. \"What are you doing here? I thought you were too good to party with us normal kids?\" \"Yeah, well, you know how I love it when Devin, that idiotic brother of mine, throws parties at our house and doesn't tell me beforehand,\" Brooke Ferris mutters sarcastically while racking her fingers through her chestnut locks of shoulder length hair. The shiny tresses are parted on the left side of her head which causes her bangs to fall diagonal across her forehead. \"I tried to go in there and pretend I didn't change, but it's all bullshit.\" \"My name's Brooke Ferris,\" Dylan imitates in a high-pitch girly voice. \"I use to be a major cheerleader party girl, getting wasted, famous for my table dancing routines. Then I went to counseling, learned to express my feelings through catchy little pop songs and got a record deal, happily ever after. The end…\" \"My name's Dylan North,\" Brooke starts with an evil glint in her eyes. \"I think I'm the shit with my pretty electric guitar, emo haircut and whoa, C+ in Algebra II! I just might not have to go to summer school next year. Oh yeah, damn, forgot about that F in English. I'm skinny as hell and wear tight clothes to show off all my skinniness and make all the girls drool…give me a break.\" \"It's nice to see you haven't lost your sparkling personality,\" Dylan says with a smirk, more entertained than offended. He lifts the rim of the bottle of beer to his mouth till the last drop of liquor taints his lips. His actions cause Brooke to raise a perfectly shaped eyebrow. \"You know that if you do win that Battle of the Bands we're going on tour together, right? If you're gonna get drunk and possibly high after every show…it's going to be a long summer,\" Brooke replies matter-of-factly as she pulls her cell phone from the pocket of her fitted black leather jacket. \"I had like…three beers and some weird fizzy thing Rodge made me drink,\" Dylan admits while pushing his brown bangs away from his eyes. \"I'm hardly buzzed.\" Dylan had a strange and bad reaction to the liquor he swiped from Mrs. Munion and it happened again with Rodge's offering. Dylan simply swallowed the liquor and ignored the nausea. Once he got into it, got lost in the music and grinned like an idiot, he was completely fine and spent a good half an hour making out with Cecelia on the couch. That was before the usually MIA Brooke Ferris walked in and forcefully dragged him away. \"I'm still calling William…\" \"Calling your ex-boyfriend while wearing your current boyfriend's jacket?\" Dylan asks with a raised eyebrow as he leaned heavily against William's SUV for support. \"Not your smartest idea, Ferret…\" \"FYI, this is my jacket and my name is Ferris . A ferret is a little mammal thing,\" Brooke replies with a shiver, not much of a fan of the rodent family. Dylan shuts his eyes and slowly slides down the grill of the SUV and into his sitting position on the gravel driveway. \"Damn it, the one time I really need Will and he doesn't answer. Oh well, I guess I'll just call Phoebe to come get your ass.\" \"NO!\" Dylan practically yells with eyes that snap open so suddenly. Brooke's startled for a moment before she presses her finger against the green button on her cell phone. Dylan struggles to his feet and grasps onto Brooke's shoulder to keep him from falling on his face. With his other hand he takes her phone and snaps it closed. \"She's already…upset and probably doesn't want to come get my ass at the moment.\" \"Fighting, huh?\" Brooke asks as she pried her phone from his sweaty hands and stuffs it into the back pocket of the dark jeans she's wearing. \"Phoebe and you are practically conjoined at the hip. What would make her that upset?\" \"Good question,\" Dylan mumbles under his breath as he racks his brain for a good lie to tell Brooke. \"Creative differences…she's totally obsessed over this Battle of the Bands thing and I can't write with her. I said a few things, she got mad and I left.\" \"Ah, the drama that comes with being in a band,\" Brooke smiles fondly and stares up at the bright stars glistening in the dark night's sky. She smiles over at Dylan, mischief shinning in her hazel eyes. \"So how are Hunt and Rodge?\" \"Hunt's got football,\" Dylan says and takes a quick look around the dark driveway packed with cars and tipsy teenagers. \"Everyone seems happy so I'm assuming they won the state championship. You saw Rodge inside, passed out on the living room table and, uh, Silver thinks he's cheating on her.\" \"Wow, only now she's catching on?\" Brooke giggles. \"Poor S.\" \"Same old, same old,\" Dylan shrugs though his face is anything but content. \"We're falling apart, B.\" \"You wanna get out of here?\" Brooke proposes so suddenly that Dylan has to pause and think about what she's just said. She's staring back at her house where dozens of strangers are drinking cheap booze and trashing the place. \"Where did you have in mind?\" Dylan asks warily. Brooke throws her leather guitar case into the back of William's SUV and slams the door shut. She steals the keys from between Dylan's fingers and slides in behind the wheel. Dylan's rather annoyed that she left his question unanswered, but follows her, his arms falling at his sides, holding an unopened beer. After twenty minutes of driving down dark, Connecticut coastline, Dylan's scared shitless. \"The person who taught you how to drive should go to jail for a long time…\" \"Shut up, North,\" Brooke orders as she kept one hand rested on the steering wheel and the other draped halfway out the window. She pulls up in front of an old church with windows boarded up and graffiti covering the rotting wood. \"We're here. Are you sober enough for a little walk?\" \"Must I remind you that I only had a couple beers,\" Dylan asks and tugs the door handle, pushing it open and escaping into the night. He drags his feet towards the little chapel with Brooke at his side. She pulls open the squeaky door and Dylan walks right in, a bit reluctant yet intrigued. \"What is this place?\" \"This is where I come when creative differences get a little too much for me,\" Brooke answers, leaving her guitar case across a pew. The only light filtering in through the crumbling roof of the abandoned church is supplied by the moon. \"Silver and I used to play in here all the time when we were little. It's also where I wrote my first single.\" \"While your producer and backup musicians fed goddess Brooke grapes straight from the vine,\" Dylan teases with a chuckle and sits down on a pew, hoping his weight won't break it. Ignoring his comment, Brooke pulls a silver lighter from her back pocket and lights the few candles that surround what was once an alter. \"My producer has a name, you know. It's Nate,\" Brooke informs Dylan who couldn't care less. \"We look incredibly hot together and he gets me . I don't know what everyone's problem is.\" \"You two are really going out?\" Dylan gasps, his eyes widening with disbelief. Brooke simply scoffs and unpacks her guitar; violently strum her hot pink pick against the strings of the acoustic beauty. \"I mean…I was just teasing.\" \"It's supposed to be a secret,\" Brooke shushes him, rolling her eyes. \"I mean, he's twenty-three and I'm sixteen. We've been to dinner once or twice. The tabloids caught on pretty quick, but no one believes them anyways. I'm just a local teenage artist. No one's taking me seriously yet. I don't know why he's so shaken up about it.\" \"Why are you telling me all of this?\" Her shoulders go up in a shrug and the corners of her lips pull back in one of the sweetest smile he's ever seen. Brooke sighs, \"I've been so busy working on the album and promoting the album and fighting with my family that I don't really have any friends.\" \"You've got me,\" he reassures her with a grin. \"You've got me and the twins and Silver.\" \"We haven't talked since…last summer,\" Brooke sighs, nervously picking at her candy apple red fingernails. \"Listen, I'm sorry for dumping all of that on you, Dylan. It's just…I've been keeping it all in for so long the second I saw a familiar face, I just…well, told you.\" \"Brooke, it's cool,\" Dylan nods as he undoes the top of his beer bottle and takes a long sip. \"I kinda get what you're saying…I think. It's like, if you love each other then that's all that should matter. There shouldn't be stupid rules and stupid laws to keep you apart. Why can't they just let us be?\" \"Whoa, North, you got all deep on me there for a second,\" Brooke says teasingly as she glances up at him before refocusing back on her guitar. \"You got some secret undiscovered lover I don't know about?\" \"Believe me, if I did, you'd be the first…or second to know,\" Dylan says with a little laugh. He considers telling Brooke about Phoebe and him, but shakes the thought from his head. \"So is Nate worth leaving William?\" Brooke wears a pensive expression while Dylan thinks back to a time when William Beardsley and Brooke Ferris were voted Campus Cutest Couple. He's the tall, dark and handsome school president and she's the hot, coveted captain of the cheerleading squad. She's known the Norths since they moved to New London and started dating William a couple months after Frank and Helen's wedding. Brooke jokingly entered a singing contest once and a producer heard her sing, instantly offering the teenage girl a record deal. From then she left New London High, dedicating most of her time to working on her album, though she does have a private tutor helping her work towards her GED. Now it seems she's apparently too busy to have friends, canceling every time they call to try and hang out. Dylan's actually surprised he ran into her tonight. \"Is Silver cheating on Rodge with you ?\" \"So out of left field, Ferret,\" Dylan laughs, amused by such a ridiculous idea. \"And you couldn't be more wrong. Now answer the question.\" \"God, stop calling me that,\" Brooke pouts, though secretly likes stupid nicknames. \"Well, Nate wasn't even in the picture when William and I were together. With Will, he just…we weren't right for each other. He was just so…clingy, you know? He was so afraid to lose me that he held on so tight and I guess it ended up pushing me away in the end.\" Dylan nods, again not understanding how one can fall out of love so easily. \"Tell me about this Nate…\" \"I can't stand him.\" Brooke says this and Dylan can see that sparkle in her eye. He knows he's never seen that with Silver and Rodge and wonders if he looks that way when he talks about Phoebe. \"He's a jackass, but once you get past his defenses he's as harmless as a puppy. God, he's a genius with music. He can take lyrics I just scribble onto a cigarette box and make it something beautiful. Nate gets me like no one else and when he holds me I feel…alive.\" \"That's great for you, Ferris,\" Dylan says with a faint smile, slightly envious. \"Wow, you certainly stepped up from Miss Head Cheerleader to Pop Princess with a record deal and finding love…or something close to it.\" \"Forbidden love,\" Brooke corrects, her voice containing a sad undertone. \"It's the hardest kind, you know, being forever frowned down upon by society and all. If anyone found out, he could be accused of pedophilia and go to jail. I mean, we never did anything besides make out, but still−\" \"I think I'm in love with Phoebe…\" Silence… Silence… Silence… Mid-rant, Brooke forgets every word, her face instantly going blank before twisting into a quizzical expression, her head tilted slightly to the side. Dylan stares down at his sneakers, his knee bouncing up and down in a violent fidget. He looks so nervous. Dylan has no idea why he chose that moment to share his true dirty little secret. Hearing her tell him about her situation with Nate must have triggered something within him, probing him to share a little in return. The truth is, they could probably relate, being in similar situations and all. \"Wow, we have more in common than I thought. We're both screwed over by love,\" Brooke says with a small smile as she leans her guitar against a pew and snakes the beer bottle from Dylan's hand. She takes a gulp of the warm liquor and sighs loudly. \"Wow…\" \"You said that already,\" Dylan reminds her. \"Well, it's not everyday you find out Dylan North wants to nail his sister,\" Brooke smirks wickedly and Dylan to glares, standing as if he's going to storm out. Broke chuckles and grabs onto his sleeve, forcing him sit back down. \"Oh, so you can tease me about the leather jacket and the grapes, but one little comment from me and you go all emo?\" \"You have not seen me emo, Ferris,\" Dylan warns as he reaches over to reclaim his beer bottle. Brooke sends him a devilish grin and pulls the bottle just out of his grasp. \"I need it more…\" \"Actually, you know, it's kinda hot,\" Brooke praises with her famous smile, adorable dimples going into full effect. Dylan simply shakes his head and downs the rest of the beer. \"What? Phoebe and you together doesn't seem so farfetched to me. You two always seemed closer than most siblings. I mean, you're adopted so I say go get her, Tiger.\" \"Too bad she already made it clear that she doesn't want a relationship,\" Dylan frowns, the empty bottle falling from his grasp and hitting the concrete floor. He gingerly takes Brooke's guitar into his hands and strums his bare fingers against the strings. \"It's incestuous apparently…\" \"Well, it's gonna take some time, Dyl, take things slow. I mean, it isn't going to be like your string of groupies or even that god-awful three months you spent kissing Cecelia's ass. It's delicate,\" Brooke tells him, probably the most honest advice he has ever gotten. \"Am I really the first to know?\" \"Sorry, Ferris, that cherry has been popped by the one and only Cheerleader Christina Beardsley,\" Dylan replies, Brooke's facial features twisting into a pout. \"She kinda walked in while Phoebe and I were…um…having a moment.\" \"Poor Tina,\" Brooke mutters, amusement written across her pretty face. \"Like a half-clothed moment or a fully naked one?\" \"Dude!\" Dylan shouts, the music abruptly stopping, leaving the two teenagers in complete silence. \"Not that it's any of your business, but we were just kissing-borderline making out and Christina walked in and God, why do I tell you anything?\" \"You're a victim of my irresistible charm,\" Brooke replied before she yanked her guitar away from the scruffy boy. \"The whole forbidden love thing, I seem to associate it with this song…\" It starts out soft and slow, much different from the pop hits Brooke usually spews. We might kiss when we are alone When nobody's watching We might take it home We might make out when nobody's there It's not that we're scared It's just that it's delicate As Brooke sings and delicately stroked the strings of her acoustic guitar, Dylan sits back and listens to the lyrics. Brooke seems so focused with eyes closed, listening to the sound of her own angelic voice. So why do you fill my sorrow With the words you've borrowed From the only place you've known And why do you sing Hallelujah If it means nothing to you Why do you sing with me at all? Dylan understands. In a way the song slightly defines his relationship (if you could call it that) with Phoebe. The expression on Brooke's face as she sings is so tragic and damn heartbreaking. He knew how she feels. They're two musical souls who were screwed over by love. \"Nate reminds me all the time that despite him having to remain professional in public, he does care and we aren't just doing all of this for nothing,\" she smiles gently to herself. \"Lucky you,\" Dylan chokes out and looks away. It seems that Brooke and Nate have their whole relationship worked out. The only thing standing in the way of them being together is the age difference and the conflict of interest, seeing as they're working together. \"It's time to get home, North,\" Brooke mumbles, giving him a pat on the back before she goes to pack up her guitar. Dylan walks out towards the SUV while Brooke lingers for a moment in the chapel. She's chattering on her cell phone and Dylan lies out across the hood of William's SUV, staring at the sky and the pale moon that seems brighter than most nights. Does he really have the courage to fight for them? More importantly, what about Phoebe, does she? Are they really willing to fight for this? That's the only way things are going to work out. The ride to the lighthouse is a silent and rather bumpy one. Dylan pretends to sleep, his head leaning back against the headrest. It's past his curfew, two o'clock in the morning to be exact. Brooke carefully drives up the hill with her headlights off, something they've done tons of times in the past. \"Northy, wakey wakey, sleepyhead,\" Brooke sings as if she's talking to a little child. He doesn't react to her sweet voice so instead, she sticking out her index finger and roughly poking Dylan in the belly. He groans and shifts, eyes fluttering open. \"We're here.\" \"How are you getting home?\" Dylan asks groggily. Brooke sits, contemplating his question. She hasn't thought out that far in advance. \"Come inside. You can crash on the couch.\" \"Yeah, that'll be fun,\" Brooke says sarcastically though Brooke's sarcastic sounds like enthusiasm. \"Then I can wake up, smelling like smoke and alcohol and sit at the breakfast table with the General and your other seventeen siblings. Oh yeah, don't forget that one of those siblings is my ex-boyfriend and the other is your secret undercover lover!\" \"He's actually an Admiral,\" Dylan corrects with a smartass smile and Brooke presses her lips into a pout. \"Brooke, I don't have time for this. Just stay in the basement. No one goes down there besides Phoebe and me. Then tomorrow morning I can bring you home because I'm sure as hell not going to school.\" \"Yeah, I heard about the fight,\" Brooke nods. \"It's all everyone talks about on Facebook.\" \"Thanks B,\" Dylan sneers, grumpily jumping out of the car. \"If we get into trouble your head's so on the chopping block,\" Brooke warns him, already pointing an accusing finger. The two abandon William's SUV and walk around the house, the moon shedding light on the dirt path. Dylan easily twists the doorknob of the back door to the basement and pushes it open. \"You seem to know the path pretty well. What, are you used to bringing home young and impressionable girls through the backdoor, Dyl?\" Brooke asks teasingly causing Dylan to laugh aloud. \"Only ones named Brooke Ferris,\" Dylan replies with a chuckle. Brooke glares and shoves him playfully from behind causing the two to stumble in through the door. There they're greeted by a distraught Phoebe and a shocked Christina. \"Hi guys,\" Brooke greets cheerfully, awkwardly waving at her two friends sitting there with confused expressions. \"Wow, you sure do stay up late at the North-Beardsley's…\" \"Yeah, because I was worried and waiting for Dylan to come home,\" Phoebe admits which caused Brooke to smile. She's about to comment how Phoebe's concern for Dylan is cute, but is cutoff. \"But it looks like I was just wasting my time.\" \"What, are you jealous, Pheebs?\" Dylan jumps in, his hand slithering across Brooke's hips. \"Whoa, Romeo,\" Brooke says quickly in her trademark husky voice. She quickly pulls away from Dylan and notices he isn't even looking at her. His full attention is on Phoebe. \"Don't bring me into this already tangled web.\" \"I can't believe you told her!\" \"According to you, there was nothing to tell her about anyways!\" Dylan shouts back with utter frustration, throwing his hands up in the air. \"I don't get you, Phoebe. You don't want me, but you freak out when you see me hanging out with Brooke? I don't have time to do this dance with you. I'm getting tired of it.\" \"I'm confused, Dylan!\" Phoebe defenses herself. \"I can't live in impulse like you do. I can't just do things without thinking about the consequences first. I need to think before I act.\" \"What are you trying to say?\" Dylan asks, offended. He's walking closer towards Phoebe who stands her ground. He never expects anything less. \"You're drunk,\" Phoebe observes, close enough to smell the putrid stench on him. \"I can't deal with you when you're like this. We'll talk later.\" \"Whatever,\" Dylan mutters carelessly. Phoebe shakes her head and runs up the basement stairs, probably to her room. Christina looks helplessly between Brooke and Dylan before chasing after Phoebe. Dylan collapses on the couch with his head in his hands and Brooke frowns beside him, squeezing his shoulder in a comforting manner. They say nothing. There's nothing left to say. Delicate © Damien Rice[Chapter 12] Temporary Insanity Chapter twelve: Happy but Not Really We both lie still In the dead of the night Although we both lie close together We feel miles apart inside Brooke doesn't know where she is exactly. The room is cold and her knees are curled to her chest. She shifts slightly and almost falls from her rather uncomfortable position. Groaning, the brunette somehow finds the strength to sit up and attempts to blink the sleepy fog from her eyes. Once her vision clears and focuses, she's rather startled, meeting a set of slanted eyes staring back at her. \"I like your leather jacket.\" \"Um, thanks, honey. One of my fans gave it to me,\" Brooke smiles despite her voice that comes out raspier than she anticipated. She feels a tad bit awkward in front of the young boy when she looks down at her white tank top that's practically transparent, the hot pink bra beneath and her tight skinny jeans with her pierced naval exposed. \"It sucks that a cow died for it,\" a voice scowls from across the room. Both heads turn to see Phoebe round the couch with her arms folded. It seems like sleep hasn't changed Phoebe's mood. A nervous Christina is standing further back like a scared little girl about to witness a cage fight. \"Lao, sweetie,\" Christina acknowledges the youngster, putting a hand on his shoulder. \"Why don't you go to breakfast? Tell everyone that Phoebe and I are…um…working on something.\" \"Bye cutie,\" Brooke grins and folds one leg over the other. After waving at the outsider, Lou retreats upstairs and Brooke fights the urge to hug him tight like a little stuffed animal. She feels a Brangelina joke in her head but keeps it to herself, noticing Phoebe's unwavering, stiff demeanor. \"So Little Asian Boy…he isn't going tell anyone I was here, right?\" Brooke asks casually, combing her fingers through her hair. \"Because I was thinking about discretely slipping out the back−\" \"No point,\" Phoebe quickly interrupts. \"The whole house already knows you're here. Poor William came down here to grab a carton of orange juice from the refrigerator. Wow was he surprised to see his ex asleep on the basement couch.\" \"No one comes down here my ass,\" Brooke murmurs quite angrily and louder than she anticipated. \"I'm going to kill Dylan.\" The brunette simply groans and reaches down for the leather boots that are carelessly lying on the floor. \"I think I'll be going. Hopefully the, ugh, walk home will clear my head.\" \"Nate's called seven times this morning. I'm surprised you slept through the Lady Gaga ringer,\" Phoebe says with such a blasé tone while she flips the phone open and begins pressing buttons. Brooke's usually pretty face scrunches into a glare as she watches Phoebe touch what isn't hers. \"Is he your boyfriend?\" \"Yeah, kinda like how Dylan's your boyfriend, right, Pheebs?\" Brooke defensively remarks. Phoebe snaps the phone closed and glares at Brooke's smirking face, cursing those damn dimples. \"Phoebe, Brooke,\" Christina mediates, trying to prevent a catfight so early in the morning. \"The school bus is going to be here in—\" \"You shouldn't talk about things that are none of your business, Ferris,\" Phoebe forewarns, completely ignoring Christina's interruption. Brooke doesn't seem to be intimidated one bit. \"You started it by bringing up Nate,\" Brooke points out with a pout. Silence follows and Brooke decides to swallow her pride. She knows Phoebe won't. \"Yes, Nate is my boyfriend. He's twenty-three which means, yes, he's seven years older than me…and he's my producer. It's a conflict of interest and not to mention completely illegal.\" The confession is followed by silence. \"And you know what, I don't give a damn and I'm tired of hiding it like it's something to be ashamed of,\" Brooke goes on. It's as if both Phoebe and Christina disappeared and Brooke's thinking aloud. \"He's sweet and mature and he cares about me. I love him and everyone else can suck it.\" \"Wow,\" Phoebe gasps, completely taken aback. She's expecting a love confession for Dylan, not an older man, let alone her producer. Without thinking, Phoebe holds out her hand, allowing Brooke to reclaim her sacred device. \"That's exactly what I said when Dylan told me about you two,\" Brooke laughs and returns to her seat on the couch. She easily sees the discomfort on Phoebe's face and panics for something else to say. \"Well, um, now do you get that I'm not interested nor will I ever be in Dylan North?\" \"I didn't think…\" Phoebe trails off, tangled in her thoughts. \"I—I'm sorry, Brooke.\" \"It's cool. If you're worried that I'll tell anyone, don't be,\" Brooke tells her effortlessly, easily hiding how deep down she really is intimidated by the oldest North sibling. \"We all have our secrets and now you know mine so…yours is safe with me.\" \"So, not that it's any of my business,\" Phoebe starts softly. \"What happened last night?\" \"Long story short, my idiotic brother threw one of his lame parties and I saved Dylan from falling back into that crowd,\" Brooke nonchalantly recaps. \"I babysat him for a while, we talked and then I brought him home and apparently I fell asleep here.\" \"Do you think it's weird?\" Phoebe asks when Brooke is already halfway to the backdoor. Hearing such a foreign tone from Phoebe's usual hard and cold voice, Brooke can't help but look back at the girl who seems ready to break. \"I mean, honestly, Brooke…it…it's not right.\" \"I think it's more of an opinion or a state of mind. I mean, there are tons of things in the world today that are weird and, um, aren't right, but that doesn't stop them from happening,\" Brooke thoughtfully explains. \"I'll tell you what I told Dylan…I think it's kinda hot.\" Phoebe laughs and presses her palm to her forehead for a moment. Christina sighs with relief and Brooke throws the two one of her classic, cheeky smiles before once again reaching for the doorknob. \"We told Frank and mom you came over early this morning because you needed a second opinion on a song you're working on. You know, my mom will never forgive you if you leave without even bothering to say hi,\" Phoebe cautions Brooke who turns around with her signature pout. \"Plus, I'm betting the kids are at the top of the steps, waiting to mob you.\" \"You were always our favorite of William's girlfriends,\" Christina adds with a giggle. \"Don't tell him, but the one time I hesitated about breaking up with Will was because I'd miss hanging out with the family too much,\" Brooke giggles at her own ridiculousness before walking back towards Phoebe. \"I told Dylan to…take things slow like way slow and if you realize that you really do love each other then…screw everyone else.\" Phoebe smiles softly, \"Best advice ever .\" \"PHOEBE, CHRISTINA, YOUR BUS JUST LEFT!\" Helen's voice echoes throughout the house. \"Frank just left for work and I have a meeting so I have to run. Dylan's staying home from school again and you two better hurry before you're late!\" \"Come on.\" Christina urgently ushers the two other girls to the stairs. Phoebe and Christina scramble, remembering last minutes things and forgetting where they had left their bags. Brooke follows at a slower pace, trying to think of a way to sneak out without another word. Imagine her surprise when she reaches the top and William is standing there, waiting. Brooke knows her mistake and regrets it the moment it happens. She looks into his eyes. If his family is number one on the list of things she misses about William Beardsley, then his incredibly smoldering milk chocolate orbs is a close second. Her eyes travel down to outline his broad shoulders and then the hard contours of his chiseled chest. Damn that ROTC uniform. That's third. \"Hey,\" he mutters softly, almost shyly. Brooke's pearly white teeth plunge deep into the flesh of her bottom lip without her knowing. William seems to pick up on the action, knowing it as one of Brooke's obvious signs of discomfort. He respectfully takes a step back and she isn't surprised. If William Beardsley is anything, he's a gentleman and knows her all too well. \"Hey,\" she soon mimics, not knowing what else to say. There's a thick tension in the air and Brooke hates it. She doesn't know what to say. She hurt him and seeing him hurt in turn hurt her. \"I, um, I'm driving to school,\" William says rather awkwardly, motioning to the car keys in his hands. \"If you need a ride somewhere…\" \"Oh, um, no thank you. It's fine. I can get someone to pick me up,\" Brooke politely responds. Disappointment flickers across his face and Brooke can feel her chest tighten at the sight. She plasters on her infamous smile. \"So I heard you got into Harvard. That's so incredible, William! See and you worried for nothing.\" \"Yeah,\" he smiles, quite proud of himself. \"What about you? How've you been?\" \"My first album's almost done and I'm touring this summer,\" Brooke mentions, ignoring the thought of college at all cost. She cringes, remembering how he'd been so pushy when they were together. He'd always talk about college, specifically Juilliard or Berkley Boston, and it didn't help Brooke's phobia of the future. \"Good,\" he nods and Brooke is sure if she'd been drinking something that she would have choked on it. There's this sincerity in those eyes that have her in a trance. He laughs softly and runs a hand through his short, dark tresses. \"As long as you're happy, Cookie , I'm happy for you.\" Brooke wants to say something but is rendered speechless. \"Cool it, Romeo. It's over. Accept it. We need to go,\" Christina cuts in, a sad whisper meant only for her brother's ears. Brooke looks away once the corners of William's mouth fall in a frown. Christina throws Brooke a look she doesn't understand, pulling on her brother's sleeve. Brooke smiles sadly and watches the two walk to the door, whispering, \"Goodbye, Silly .\" Brooke tears her eyes away from the door and begins moving her feet towards the stairs. It's ridiculous to even consider going back in time. William is going to college and she's going on tour. Brooke's sure she would only be holding him back. Plus, she has Nate and she's happy. \"Natie,\" she says his name with such weakness in her voice, shakily holding her phone to her ear. She sounds like a child and hates it. \"Yeah, I spent the night at the lighthouse…yeah…my ex-boyfriend lives here…Nathan! No! I slept on the couch…we talked for like five seconds…Nate, don't do this. I miss you…\" Was it something I said or something I did Did my words not come out right Though I tried not to hurt you Though I tried But I guess that's why they say \"Can you have your lovers quarrel somewhere I'm not?\" Dylan questions rather harshly. Brooke pays no attention to him and enters his room, slamming the door after her. Also dressed in the same clothes from yesterday is Dylan, lying flat on his bed, looking as miserable as ever. He opens his eyes long enough to see Brooke give him a 'what the fuck?' expression and to turn up the dial of his stereo. Every rose has its thorn Just like every night has its dawn Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song Every rose has its thorn \"Its music therapy,\" Dylan groans as he presses his face deeper into the nearest pillow. He hears Brooke's boots clacking against the wooden floor and can't resist a peek. He spots her across the room, ruffling the sheets of William's bed that had been so perfectly made that a quarter would successfully bounce off the surface. Dylan can't help but show his amusement, knowing it will drive William insane when he finds his bed sheets all wrinkled and untidy. All Dylan would have to do is give William the name of the girl across the room and all the anger will surely melt away. Even the hard as stone navy brat has a soft spot and it's made for Brooke Ferris. \"Having flashbacks, Ferris?\" Dylan mumbles groggily. Brooke brings a picture frame into one hand, her face sad with fingers almost dropping the phone still held to her ear. \"You were Brooke and William, the campus cutest couple, the school president and the head cheerleader. I never got the whole Cookie and Silly exchange though.\" \"You weren't meant to, D. It was our thing,\" Brooke replies almost coldly. Dylan looks up sharply and finds a bizarre unnamable expression on Brooke's face. To think it all came at the mention of a certain ex-boyfriend. Brooke abandons the photograph and turns to look at Dylan. \"Dude, this is like the most depressing song ever.\" Dylan groans, being reminded of his own issues. \"That's kinda the point, Ferris…\" \"No. That's not William. It's just Dylan, Dylan North, broken arm, broken relationship, music therapy,\" Brooke explains into her cell phone, talking to Nathan once again. Her dry lips form a pout and her shoulders slump. \"Aw, Natie, I need a ride. Dylan's arm is broken. Please sweetie.\" Dylan hears grumbling and Brooke stomps her foot like a child throwing a tantrum. \"Did I ever tell you that you're the most amazingly sexy man alive?\" Brooke bites her lip, twirling a chestnut lock around her finger. \"Yeah, I'm kissing ass. Is it working? Good. I'll see you soon, babe.\" Dylan sits up just in time to see Brooke shove her phone into her knee length leather boot and then sit at William's desk with her heels propped up against the edge. Her eyes are glazed over, probably lost in on that lonely path they refer to as memory lane. \"Sometimes I wonder why Will and I broke up,\" she mumbles and Dylan immediately hears what he assumes is regret in her voice. The petite girl laughs bitterly, looking over at Dylan with a forced smile. \"I'm sorry, D. Just, when I'm around you I blurt out these things…\" \"It's cool,\" he assures her before nodding to his cast. \"You never got to sign it last night.\" \"It would be my pleasure,\" the cheerful girl smiles and bounces right over with excitement. Brooke bites on the cap of the hot pink sharpie and pulls it off. Holding the permanent marker in her left hand, Brooke giggles, making sure to shield her message from Dylan's eyes. \"Ditch the sappy songs and go get the girl, Tiger. Heart Brooke,\" Dylan reads aloud as the brunette keeps a satisfied smile on her face, capping the pen. \"Thank you?\" \"Like I said, give her some time. You're a great guy,\" Brooke smiles softly, pinching Dylan's cheek. \"And when you two finally hookup we are so going on a big, group date! You know, with Phoebe, you and your incest; Nate, me and our pedophilia; Rodge, Silver, Hunt and their love triangle. We can all go to a concert or something.\" \"Yeah, that's how I'd define fun, Brooke,\" Dylan sarcastically agrees before he rethinks her words and his face is pure confusion. \"What love triangle?\" Brooke rolls her eyes. \"Hunt so loves Silver.\" \"You're so full of it,\" Dylan groans. \"No. Silver and Rodge are like an old married couple and Hunter's all about football and music and college. He doesn't have time to fall in love.\" \"North, I grew up with those three,\" Brooke reminds him. \"Hunter always liked Silver first, but Rodge beat him to the punch and asked her out. Why she said yes and keeps taking him back while she's home working on her blog and he's doing body shots off of random sluts at my brother's parties, is beyond me, but it is what it is.\" \"I don't believe that,\" Dylan says heatedly. \"Well, not the part about Hunt liking Silver because we both saw him doing those body shots last night…No, B. Hello, you're the girl who accused Silver of cheating on Rodge with me. How wrong were you?\" \"Well, duh, who would guess you're hopelessly in love with your sister?\" Brooke asks loudly and Dylan wears a menacing glare. Brooke puts her hands up, her face angelic and pouting. \"Sorry, but I know what I'm talking about. Years from now at Silver and Hunter's wedding, you're so buying me a drink.\" Dylan smirks. \"You're on.\" A knock on the door interrupts the conversation and gets the attention of the two. Brooke smiles as she glances between Phoebe who's standing at the door and Dylan who's lazily sitting on his bed. Brooke's grin widens before she frantically tap her finger against her message on Dylan's cast. In return he rolls his eyes and pulls away from her. \"I'll, um, go wait for Nate downstairs,\" Brooke excuses herself a bit too excitedly. As she walks to the door she pushes the 'stop' button on the stereo and removes the CD. After shooting the two North kids a grin and a wink, Brooke drops the CD into the trashcan and leaves the room. \"It's nice to see that the fame didn't turn her into a total diva snob.\" Phoebe tries to make small talk as she ventures into the familiar room and sits on the edge of his bed. \"Since when have you and Brooke Ferris been bestest friends?\" \"Since you stopped being my bestest friend,\" Dylan replies spitefully. He leans back into his pillow, trying to find a comfortable position. He plans on spending the whole day lounging around in bed anyways. \"Plus she knows how it feels to be screwed over by love.\" \"Yeah, she told me about her producer,\" Phoebe explains, nervously tangling her fingers. \"I mean, if we get caught…dating we'd probably just get grounded and separated, but if they got caught…it's a scary thought.\" \"She's brave though, isn't she?\" Dylan asks as he throws his legs over the side of the bed and walks over to the window. \"It's impressive. Ferris is willing to put it all on the line for love.\" \"I don't know if I can be that brave, Dylan,\" Phoebe confesses her fears as she slowly comes up behind him. \"But I will tell you that I hated myself for lying to you, lying to myself. As wrong as it may be, I want to be with you, Dylan, but—\" \"But it's too weird, right?\" \"Brooke can relate so of course she encourages it, but what about the rest of the kids at school, the band? What about mom and Frank?\" Phoebe allows her fears to surface, the concern evident in her pretty eyes. Dylan takes her hand in his, their eyes never disconnecting. \"Who cares?\" Dylan whispers huskily. \"All that matters is you and me.\" \"What about next year?\" Phoebe asks frantically. \"I'm going off to college.\" \"NYU's only a drive away,\" Dylan replies quickly. It seems as if he put a lot of thought into this. That's how badly he wants this. He wants her. \"We can make this… us work.\" \"I'm scared,\" Phoebe admits, so small, so soft. Dylan whispers a laugh. \"So am I, but I'm willing to chance it if you are.\" \"I'm tired of fighting,\" she says, looking directly into his eyes. Dylan reaches forward, guiding loose, brown tresses behind her ear. \"Then don't.\" Phoebe smiles sincerely, almost mischievously and forcefully grabs onto the collar of his shirt. Dylan smiles himself and raises an eyebrow, just daring her to push the envelope. Phoebe leans towards Dylan, her lips crashing against his in one of the most lip bruising kisses either has ever had. His lips graze hers, setting the moist, sensitive skin ablaze with unadulterated passion. His tongue probes at her lips, begging for entrance to her mouth, a plea that's answered almost too willingly. A struggle for dominance commences once his searing tongue searches every crevice of her oral cavity. Hearing a horn honking, Phoebe pulls away and gasps for air, ending the kiss that's anything but chaste. \"Damn it William…\" \"It's not his fault,\" Phoebe argues breathlessly, pressing her forehead to his, attempting to mentally will her racing heart to reduce speed. \"I, ugh, I'm going to be late for school.\" \"But I'm worth it, right?\" Dylan asks with cocky smirk drawn across his handsome face. He traces her jaw with his index finger, trying to physically memorize every single detail about her. \"Every second,\" Phoebe replies. She gives him a gentle kiss on the cheek before reluctantly tearing away from his hold and walking towards the door. Before completely disappearing, Phoebe steals one last glance at him. \"Oh, and Dylan, you might want to shower and change. The same outfit for two days in a row…not a turn on.\" \"I'll be sure to look into that,\" Dylan calls coolly and watches Phoebe completely disappear down the stairs. He grins happily to himself and falls back against his bed. If he was a girl, Dylan would have been jumping around and squealing. Instead, he grabs his towel and stalks off to take a shower. \"This is a gift from God,\" Brooke muses aloud before stuffs her mouth with a piece of her fresh, fluffy homemade waffle bathed in whipped cream and strawberries. She smiles happily and uttered a rather orgasmic sound just as Dylan comes into the kitchen, shaking his head like a dog that has just emerged from the water. \"Kudos to Mrs. Munion…\" \"There was food left from breakfast?\" Dylan asks, rather astonished. He sees Brooke shake her head in a no. Shrugging, he takes a seat beside the pretty brunette at the large dinning table. It feels strange, two people occupying a table for twenty. \"She cooked for you?\" \"Yup,\" Brooke grins, always so cheery. \"All it took was an autograph.\" \"Impressive,\" Dylan smiles a rather bright smile. He takes Brooke's fork from her fingers and cuts into her mouthwatering waffle. With a glare, Brooke smacks Dylan on the shoulder and reclaims her fork. \"Is she still home?\" \"Nope,\" Brooke answers. \"She had a few errands to do downtown and quit with the unnecessary questions, North. Tell me already! Are you and Phoebe all good or what? I didn't sit through more awkward conversation with William while Phoebe and you had a little alone time upstairs for nothing.\" \"Like talking to William was so horrible,\" Dylan sarcastically quips. \"And to answer your question, yes, your advice came in handy. We're taking things slow. I'm still trying to figure it out myself.\" \"Cool.\" \"Did you tell William about your new boyfriend?\" Dylan asks curiously. He stands and walks over to the refrigerator, pulling out a gallon of orange juice and searching for a clean cup. \"Let me think…no. Everything I've told you Norths and Christina about Nate isn't public knowledge. If any of this gets out to the press, I know who I'm going after first.\" Dylan sips his orange juice before sitting back down. She looks him up and down, smiling with acceptance. \"It's nice to see you showered. You clean up nice, North.\" \"Thanks,\" Dylan says, running his hand over his shirt, smoothing the creases. He looks over at Brooke who's still clad in leather and grinning like an excited child. \"Sorry I can't say the same thing about you.\" Brooke smiles, waving her fork, \"I'm so hot I could roll in dirt, pass on showering and eat nothing but garlic for weeks, even months and guys would still want to fuck me senseless.\" \"You are so weird,\" Dylan laughs. He'd die if he ever vocalized it but she's probably right. Brooke Ferris is hot and coveted. It's simply a universal truth. \"What are you still doing here anyways?\" \"Nate's on his way,\" Brooke replies between bites. \"He's taking me into the studio because he has a meeting and I have no life. You want to come along? You could be my buddy for the day. Plus, if you win the battle of the bands and get signed, J&J; Sounds is going to be your second home.\" \"Sounds cool,\" Dylan shrug. \"It's not like there's anything to do around here. There is the whole issue that I'm supposed to be grounded, but−\" \"We'll get you back on time,\" Brooke promises with an affirmative nod. Dylan agrees and Brooke looks even more excited than before. \"So Dylan, I've never worn a cast before, let alone, broken my arm. I have a tiny little question…how do you shower with it on?\" \"Brooke!\" a loud, manly voice interrupts. Brooke immediately forgets about her waffles and even her awkward question. Her fork hits the plate and she practically sprints to the door. Dylan follows at a slower pace and eyes the man he assumes is Nate. He's tall and lanky with broad shoulders and legs that simply go on forever. He's dressed elegantly in a pinstriped button-up shirt, the material clinging tightly to his rather large biceps and tight abs. He has short dark hair and the brightest, most hypnotic navy blue eyes Dylan has ever seen. He stands back and watches Brooke encircle the man's neck in a hug, a hug he returns with a deep, masculine laugh. Nate soon catches Dylan staring and their eyes meet. Dylan never knew a single look could leave him feeling so powerless. He averts his eyes, choosing to stare at Brooke instead. She's gazing lovingly at her boyfriend though Nate gently pushes her away, looking between his girlfriend and their one man audience. \"Don't worry. He knows,\" Brooke whispers and the teens stand by as Nate's face flashes anger. Brooke bats her long, dark eyelashes and gives him an innocent smile. \"Nate, shhh, that's Dylan North, the boy who's secretly dating his sister...\" \"Nice going, Ferret,\" Dylan hisses while shuffling closer towards the couple. Nathan's eyes grow even wider if that's humanly possible. \"So I'm guessing you're the new boyfriend and just to let you know, I'm adopted. She isn't my blood sister.\" \"It's cool,\" Nate replies, his voice so smooth. \"I'm not here to judge, just to pickup Brooke.\" \"Take her,\" Dylan says immediately. \"Dude, I don't get how you deal with that every day.\" \"Dude, seriously, it's even a mystery to me,\" Nate smiles, his eyes now soft and not as piercing or menacing. The two young men share a laugh while Brooke glares, alternating between the two. \"Nate, can D hang with us today?\" \"I don't see why not,\" Nate replies with the shrug of his shoulders. \"I've got meetings all day and maybe Dylan can distract you from being a pain in the ass and bothering me every five seconds.\" \"Sweet,\" Brooke grins, easily disregarding the teasing insult. \"You know you love me.\" \"Just let me grab my wallet upstairs,\" Dylan instructs and the two agree with their arms all intertwined as they sneak each other smiles. Walking up the stairs of the lighthouse, Dylan decides that Nate seems like a cool guy and he obviously makes Brooke happy. They seem like a good fit. He quickly runs upstairs and into his room. He grabs his wallet and stuffs it into his back pocket. Before running downstairs, Dylan takes a quick look around the room, trying to think of anything else he might need. That's when something across the room catches his eye. He stumbles forward and blinks a few times, not trusting his eyes. The sight makes his stomach churn and his lips press into a tight, uncertain line. It's the frame Brooke had been holding earlier. The picture's missing. Every Rose has its Thorns © Poison[Chapter 13] IMPORTANT: Okay, I know it's been forever, but I just completely redid this story now that I have time this summer. I rewrote what didn't work, changed the tense and added scenes and characters, so if you have any interest in this story at all, it's a smart decision to go back and re-read it from the beginning . If not, this chapter will not make any sense at all. Thank you. Temporary Insanity Chapter Thirteen: To Yourself Phoebe North is chipper and everyone notices. It feels great to go through a day without any nail biting, fidgeting and getting lost in anxious thoughts every few minutes. She's still anxious though it's more exciting now that she knows where she stands with Dylan. She might have no idea what's going on, but she likes it. She likes Dylan and that's all that seems to matter. Phoebe feels as if a heavy weight has been lifted from her shoulders and she loves this new feel of freedom. New London High School is simply buzzing with post-football game excitement. Everyone with an ounce of school spirit in them is wearing the school colors and wide grins. After all, New London is the new football state champions thanks to an amazing tie-breaking touchdown pass delivered by the one and only Hunter Montgomery. Attempting to avoid the after school parade in the main administration building, Phoebe travels a path less taken around the back, heading to the performing arts building where her locker is located. It's practically empty this time of day besides the occasional chain smokers and horny couples looking for a little face time away from the public. Her green high-tops squeak against the wet concrete as she leisurely walks through the alley, the walls stained with spray paint, one or two she recognizes as Dylan's. She notices how he likes shades of hot pink and navy blue, sunshine yellow and forest green. He's so fucking talented that it's indescribable. It's hard to believe he hasn't taken an art class in his life. Phoebe isn't exactly jumping at the idea of calling herself his girlfriend because she really doesn't know how appropriate that is or how Dylan will react. All she knows is that she's traded in fighting for kissing and glaring for smiling. She's content in the direction they're heading and she feels foolish for denying something so beautiful for so long. \"Looks like we meet again, love…\" \"Newsflash, Jason, you aren't British,\" Phoebe says coldly and keeps walking. It's annoying how her ex-boyfriend always seems to pop up in the worst moments. \"What are you doing here? I thought you were suspended for the rest of the week?\" \"I am,\" he nods, almost proud of the fact that he got tossed out for fighting. \"I just came to pick up books and shit. Not graduating because I forgot to do a little homework would be a bitch, eh?\" Phoebe ignores him and begins walking faster down the alley, hugging her binder tight to her chest. Grunting irritably, Jason matches her speed, fingering the cigarette once resting behind his ear. She refuses to talk to him like everything that happened between them never went down. He cheated on her multiple times with multiple girls and not to mention what he did to Dylan. \"Aw, Bee, you're not still mad, are you?\" Jason asks and Phoebe scowls at such a ridiculous question. She's downright pissed off. \"Aww, c'mon, your scrawny little brother threw the first punch. It ain't my fault that he's a stupid ass punk who thinks he's tough.\" \"Of course it's your fault,\" Phoebe hisses, suddenly turning to him, unafraid to get up in Jason's face. \"You could practice some self-control, Jason. You were harassing me. He was defending me. You could have walked away, but no! You sent him to the hospital!\" Jason chuckles. \"You should tell little boy Dylan to drink some milk. He's like a little girl with Brittle Bone Disease.\" Phoebe glares. \"You aren't funny.\" \"God, you're so fucking hot when you're pissed off at me,\" Jason whispers gruffly, grabbing her firmly and presses her hard up against a brick wall of graffiti. Phoebe flails and fights him, snarling like an angry, wild animal. If anything, Jason finds it attractive, grinding his body against hers. \"Let go of me, you disgusting son of a bitch!\" \"Heh, you know I love it when you talk dirty to me,\" he continues, disregarding her words entirely. Jason looks her up and down, licking his dry lips. \"Now we've been broken up for way too long. I played your little game, Phoebe, but I gotta admit it's getting old. How about we skip the whole resisting part and get straight to the making up?\" \"How hard is it to get through your empty head that we're never getting back together?!\" Phoebe yells right in his face, sure to emphasize every syllable. \"You're an asshole, Jason, and I've already wasted too much of my precious time dealing with you and lying to myself. This relationship is over so I suggest you fuck off before you come off as a bigger jackass than you already have!\" Phoebe North has just ripped him a new one and Jason Bobby isn't pleased. \"Now you're just being hurtful.\" His expression darkness and he shoves her hard against the wall. \"Who's the poor bastard?\" Phoebe deadpans. \"What?\" \"Who the fuck is feeding you all this bullshit?\" he demands, snarling. \"I swear, Phoebe, when I find out who he is, which I will, I'm gonna fuck him up so bad a shallow bitch like you wouldn't even give him a second glance.\" \"Go to hell, Jason.\" Jason chuckles, \"not without you, babe…\" Phoebe propels forward to no gain. She can't move with his full weight pressed against her and his anaconda-like hand tightly gripping his forearm. He's too strong and so much bigger than her. Even if she could reach forward enough to bite any exposed skin, she would, but Phoebe is completely immobile. She can smell him, his musty cologne and this scene feels all too familiar. \"Phoebe?\" At the unexpected voice, Jason Bobby jerks back with alarm and the distraction is enough for Phoebe to slide out from between her ex-boyfriend and the wall, sure to slap him hard across the face. Jason curses aloud, holding his throbbing cheek and looking to Phoebe, practically foaming at the mouth is a frenzy state. \"What the hell is going on?\" Phoebe turns to see Hunter walking towards her with his hands tucked into the pockets of his loose jeans. He's sporting his New London High letterman jacket as always and already his smoldering eyes are attacking Jason Bobby. Standing tall, Hunter arrives at Phoebe's side and she's finally allowed a moment where she doesn't have to be so on edge. She knows for a fact that Hunter would never let anything happen to her. \"Look, babe, it's your brother's boyfriend,\" Jason smirks, throwing Phoebe a look before focusing on the quarterback of the varsity football team. \"What's up, Fag Face?\" Hunter grits his teeth. \"Pheebs, is there a problem here?\" \"None of your business,\" Jason cuts in. \"Since when is chatting with my girlfriend a crime?\" \"Ex-girlfriend,\" Phoebe corrects, \"And it is considering your definition of chatting is sexual harassment.\" Jason growls, \"cry me a river.\" \"Come on, Hunter. Let's get out of here,\" Phoebe calls with her hand on the tight muscle of his bicep. The look on Hunter's face is predominantly antipathy and if it wasn't for her hold him, back, Phoebe's sure Hunter would be confronting Jason as we speak. \"Chicken shit, much?\" Jason verbally jabs, cracking his knuckles in anticipation of a fight. \"The thing is that I've got this theory that the school's king jock isn't as tough as you've got everyone believing. I'm already suspended. I've got nothing to lose.\" \"But you have everything to lose,\" Phoebe warns Hunter in a hushed whisper, pulling on his arm. \"Hunter, he's not worth it.\" \"No, but you are,\" Hunter contradicts, looking deep into her eyes. Phoebe is instantly stunned by his words, her hand losing its grip on his arm. It's like letting a guard dog off its leash. Hunter quickly moves toward Jason Bobby who's already ready with his fists up. Jason's the first to throw a punch and all of Hunter's football training goes to work as he easily evades the attack. Jason stumbles forward and Hunter's large hand clamps down on Bobby's neck, slamming his scruffy face into the brick wall. Grunting and grimacing, Jason thrashes though Hunter has him pinned and powerless with his arm twisted behind his back. \"You leave Phoebe the fuck alone,\" Hunter menacingly orders, digging Jason's face into the rough brick of the wall. \"If you see her around school or around town you walk in the other direction. You don't talk to her; you don't even look at her. You feel me?\" \"Fuck off,\" Jason growls and Hunter pulls his face forward just to slam it back against the wall, crimson blood spilling from his nose. \"Shit. I feel you, ight? Just let me the fuck go.\" Hunter easily pulls Jason back, crushing his face into the wall one last time for good measure before throwing him to the ground. It all looks so effortless and simple yet Jason Bobby, self-proclaimed badass is on the ground, spitting up blood. Hunter then takes Phoebe gently yet firmly by the elbow and rushes her down the alley and out by the football field. \"You okay, Phoebe?\" \"A little bruised, but it could have been worse. Thanks to you, it wasn't,\" Phoebe says quietly. Once they're out in the open, Hunter releases her from his light hold and Phoebe inspects the darkening skin of her wrist. Hunter frowns, looking at her swelling wrist. \"I should have broken his wrist for that.\" \"What are you, in the mafia? So that's why when we eat out you can never sit with your back to the door.\" Phoebe finds her voice to joke even after such a terrifying encounter with a guy she once convinced herself to care about. That signature grin appears on Hunter's face and Phoebe's relieved. A scowl doesn't suit his gorgeous face. \"Phoebe,\" he whines, looking from side to side with mock paranoia. \"What did I tell you about talking about my business out in the open?\" Phoebe laughs, \"I'll try to remember that next time.\" \"For someone who was assaulted in an alleyway, you're strangely cheery,\" Hunter observes, thrown off by the smile on Phoebe's face. \"What's going on?\" \"Well, before Jason Bobby snuck back into my life, it was a pretty good day,\" Phoebe admits. \"Seriously, you come to the rescue like you're Superman, your SAT score wasn't as high as mine, of course, but you did fairly well and you're a football superstar. What can't you do?\" \"Well, people tell me I'm a horrible liar,\" the jock smiles and Phoebe laughs lightly. \"Um, I can't cook to save my life and as pathetic as it sounds I am admittedly a pushover especially when it comes to pretty girls.\" Phoebe smiles, knowing it's true. \"Well, thank you,\" Phoebe says and Hunter feels flattered, knowing girls as strong as Phoebe North don't often show their gratitude. \"What were you doing back here anyways?\" \"Trying to avoid that parade thing,\" Hunter replies, looking up with indifference. \"Ahh, I decided to let Jordan have his moment. I mean, he is the receiver. If he didn't catch that throw which was the furthest thing from perfect, we wouldn't be celebrating right now.\" \"Sweet, talented and modest,\" Phoebe sings his praise. \"If I didn't know you so well, I'd think you were perfect, Hunt.\" \"Far from it actually,\" he chuckles vaguely. \"Another thing I can't seem to do is pick a college. My dad's been pushing Penn State, you know.\" Hunter clears his throat, making his voice sound deeper, older. \"C'mon, son, don't you wanna follow in your old man's footsteps?\" Phoebe raises an eyebrow. \"What do you want, Hunt?\" \"I don't know,\" he confesses with a sigh. \"You know, people think that I have it so easy, being super jock and having colleges offer me sports cars and fruit baskets. The truth is it's not. If anything, it's harder. Do I want to keep making dear ol' dad proud, go to Penn State like he did, just to blow out my knee and end up selling cars or do I want to escape to sunny Southern California, where no one knows me?\" \"USC, that's awesome,\" Phoebe says knowingly. \"But, Hunt, California's so…so far.\" \"I know,\" Hunter nods. \"This place has been my home for so long, I don't know if I can leave it all behind, especially my mom…and Rodge.\" \"God, I hate talking about the future,\" Phoebe groans and leans her head against Hunter's broad shoulder. She turns to him with excitement flashing across her face. \"Why don't we drive down to Bliss Bakery and I buy you pie?\" \"Phoebe−\" \"Aww, come on, Hunter,\" she pushes, linking her arm with his. \"It's the least I could do after you kicked the crap out of my stupid ex and when you pulled him off of Dylan the other day. Plus, I'm totally craving key lime pie and I need to put in a cake order for Aldo's birthday which you're expected to attend by the way.\" \"Well, since Bliss Bakery cake is being served,\" Hunter deducts, licking his lips. \"I'm in. You think I could get away with giving the kid my autograph as a present?\" Phoebe laughs, \"No chance.\" \"Can't say that I didn't try,\" Hunter sighs while running his hand down the side of his neck. \"Hey, while we're at Bliss, we should pick something up for D. Poor sap must be going insane trapped in that lighthouse all day long.\" Phoebe smiles to herself; the only thing sweeter than key lime pie is going home to Dylan. … Christina's absolutely exhausted. She walks down the halls of New London High and everyone's still high on school pride with their wide grins especially since New London is the new football state champions. It's rather infectious and she wears a smile herself, but inside she's dying to find an empty corner of the library and sleep until the yellow school bus pulls up to pick her up along with her siblings. Christina rounds the corner and that's when she sees him. Rodge Montgomery She can feel her heart leap in her chest though she desperately tries to ignore it. Christina decides that it's better to walk away before he spots her, but it's too late seeing as he's already waving her over, smiling that damn smile she finds irresistible. Christina takes a deep breath when she sees him coming over, knowing that when he's too close she loses the ability to breathe. \"Hey Christina,\" he smiles, so cool and collected. \"I didn't see you at Devin's after the game.\" \"Yeah, stuffy room filled with sloppy drunks, not exactly my idea of a good time,\" Christina says, knowing that's a regular evening for Rodge Montgomery. \"Plus, with all the drama at home, I couldn't leave even if I wanted to.\" Rodge nods understandingly. \"So thanks again for yesterday. I, um, I was falling apart.\" \"It's not a problem, Rodge, really,\" Christina smiles brightly. \"I'm glad to help.\" \"So I came to school late today because I, uhhh, I went to see Silver this morning,\" Rodge explains and Christina feels her body tense. It's moments like this where Christina thinks Rodge can't possibly feel the way Phoebe and Dylan assume he does. If he has the slightest idea that she likes him, he wouldn't be telling her this. He has to know it hurts like hell. \"Oh,\" Christina manages to squeak, \"What happened?\" \"We talked. I apologized and,\" Rodge takes a deep breath, \"we got back together.\" In spite of the way she hides it so well, Christina suddenly feels sick and frustrated beneath her bright smile. She wants nothing more than to smack him across the head and ask what the hell he was thinking. She reconsiders though, choosing silence, continuing to walk towards her locker down the hall. Rodge follows right behind. \"So you talked to her?\" Christina asks. \"You talked to, um, Silver about college and the future and you hanging out with Devin and his friends again?\" \"More or less,\" Rodge mumbles and Christina takes that as a no. \"Look, Silver and I have always been this way, alright? We ignore what doesn't work and we live in the moment. It's what we do, how we are. I don't expect you to understand. I just thought I'd let you know.\" \"You know what, Rodge?\" Christina asks, turning to him with an expression on her face that can only be described as heated. \"Next time you need a shoulder to cry on, go to someone else, okay?\" His face looks puzzled, almost hurt. \"Tina−\" \"No, don't 'Tina' me,\" Christina snaps, using her father constantly referred to as 'tough love'. \"I listened to you and talked you through it and I was hoping that maybe I helped you, but no. You just go right back to your old ways. You don't even try, Rodge.\" \"How can you say that?\" \"Because it's true,\" Christina argues, staggering away from him. \"This is just going to keep happening over and over again because you're too scared to actually talk about your issues with your girlfriend. Well, I refuse to listen to you bitch and moan, but not do anything to try and fix it. Call me a bad friend, I don't care. I'm done.\" \"Christina,\" Rodge says, so soft and damn tragic. Her back is facing him, but she can feel his eyes burning into her. He isn't touching her, but she knows his fingers are reaching out to her, but hesitating to touch. \"We can't be friends or whatever it is we are,\" Christina says strongly, glancing at Rodge over her shoulder. She feels the tears stinging at her eyes and feels foolish because of it. \"Not until you grow up.\" Christina doesn't wait for a response and starts walking. \"Has anyone ever told you that you look like Joe Jonas?\" The voice is feminine and sweet and it makes Christina feel so cold. \"Only this emo gothic bitch I sometimes call my girlfriend,\" Rodge jokes only to cry out in pain. \"Ow, Silver, fine, I meant emo gothic bitch with pretty eyes and a mean left hook.\" \"Wow,\" a sarcastic female voice deadpans. \"My boyfriend is so good with words.\" \"Love yah too, pretty girl,\" Rodge replies. \"Now what're you doing here?\" \"I missed you,\" his girlfriend replies. \"And we need to go buy a gift for Aldo little boy North. The birthday party's on Saturday and I already promised Dylan that we'd go.\" \"Sweet,\" Rodge agrees, \"because Hunter's got the Jeep today and I've been dying to get behind the wheel of your pretty little Silver Mercedes.\" \"Yeah…no way are you driving my car.\" The two go on bickering and Christina can't listen anymore. Her heart can't take it. She's tempted to glance back and finally see this Silver with her own eyes. Ultimately, Christina decides against it. From her eavesdropping, it seems that the dysfunctional couple will be at Aldo's party and Christina has a feeling she'll spend the entire time avoiding them. Christina expects Silver to be gorgeous. For Rodge to be so attached to her, she must be flawless. Christina laughs bitterly to herself, having bypassed the dating and gone straight to the heartache. … It's plain and simply the sweetest thing to meet his ears. The humidity of the air causes the material of his Beatles t-shirt to stick to his pale skin. Condensation blurs the mirrors he sits beside. Dylan randomly runs his finger across the perspiring surface, drawing random trails that swirl and cross over and over again. The heat of the enclosed space would have driven him insane if it wasn't for the voice of an angel lulling him into euphoria. Suddenly, the voice along with the sound of running water ceases. Dylan blinks and runs the back of his damp hand across his forehead. He purses his lips and shifts atop the counter, his long legs dangling over the edge. Now free from his earlier trance, Dylan's face contorts uncomfortably. \"So…when you shower here do you always have to have someone with you?\" \"Yes,\" Brooke's frantic voice bounces off the walls of the room filled with individual showering stalls. She appears, wrapped in nothing but a towel and drenched from head to toe. \"This place is frickin' creepy and not to mention haunted! I usually bring Joey, my drummer, he's gay, but he isn't here and you're here and practically married so yeah, lucky you, Lennon.\" \"Like I'd try something,\" Dylan scoffs, swinging his legs back and forth. \"Your boyfriend who's built like a linebacker would kick my ass and then I'd go home to Phoebe who'd then continue the ass-kicking.\" Brooke smirks, \"and people think you're stupid.\" Dylan's face is one of a boy in the aftermath of a trance, blinking, still unable to believe his ears. He's heard her voice all day when they were in a recording studio playing around and just now when she was singing in the shower. Still, he can't believe his ears. \"God, sometimes I forget how good you are.\" \"I'm Brooke,\" she says with a giggle. \"Good's all you got?\" \"Would you rather amazing, awesome, super duper?\" Dylan lists for the girl with the cheeky smile, skin still moist from her shower. \"Hmm, where's the 'all of thee above' option?\" Brooke asks cockily, winding a lock of her wet hair around her finger. Laughing, she throws him a sharp look. \"Now close your eyes so I can change. I swear, Dylan, if you pull a peeping Tom−\" \"B, breathe,\" Dylan interrupts. He feels his phone vibrate in his pocket and sees Phoebe's name flash across the front screen. \"Brooke, I'll be right outside…\" She pouts, \"Dylan…\" \"Brooke, Phoebe's calling,\" Dylan whines and motions to the phone. Sighing and stomping, Brooke shoos him away with her hands and Dylan happily answers the call. \"Hey Pheebs, yeah, I'm not home. I'm with Brooke Ferris…in the shower.\" Dylan feels something hard thump him in the head and he cries out in unsuspected pain. \"You were so asking for that, Dylan North!\" Rubbing his head, he escapes the sauna-like room, relieved by the hallway's air condition. \"Yeah, I wasn't kidding,\" Dylan goes back to his conversation. \"Oh, you're having a Bliss Bakery pie fight with my drummer? You whore.\" \"No, well, Brooke invited me to the studio and I was curious so…here I am. Yeah, I'll be home soon. Ehh, we just recorded some crappy three-minute collaboration and got the personal chef to grill us paninis,\" Dylan explains. \"Yup, music and food, that's pretty much the extent of my day. Hmm, I'll see you in a bit and yeah, I invited B to the party. Okay, bye Pheebs.\" Even after hanging up, Dylan stares at her name across the screen of his phone. The smile on his face just won't fade and Dylan wouldn't try to stop smiling even if he could. Sometimes, moments like this, how good it is to simply hear her voice, makes all of the lying and sneaking around they're going to have to do worth it. \"Oh, good, you're still here,\" Nate comes walking down the hallway, walking with such swagger that Dylan's even more intimidated by the young man than Jason Bobby, Hunter and Devin all put together. \"Hey, some of the guys told me Brooke and you were recording.\" \"Yeah,\" Dylan admits a bit nervously. \"Well, the studio was empty and Brooke and the sound guys said it was okay so we started playing around. Look, Nate, I didn't mean any disrespect−\" \"Whoa, kid, save it,\" Nate chuckles, amused. \"The guys said you're a good kid and B vouches for you so I know you can't be half bad. You stay good to Brooke and you're alright in my book. We cool?\" \"Yeah,\" Dylan nods. \"Cool.\" \"Now, about that Beatles 'I Wanna Hold Your Hand' cover you did with Brooke,\" Nate reminds Dylan who inwardly cringes, hoping he hasn't put his all time favorite musical inspiration to shame. \"We did it a lot slower than the original, heavy on the bass and the acoustics,\" Dylan confesses, tapping his fingers against his thigh with his racking nerves. \"Listen, if I butchered a Beatles classic−\" \"No way, kid,\" Nate grins and Dylan's ears perk. \"Being a diehard Beatles fan myself, I'm damn critical on every cover and yours wasn't that horrible. And I'm not just saying this because it was a duel with my Brooke either. You really held your own on the track. Congrats, D, I liked it.\" Dylan has to lean against the hallway wall to keep from falling over after being praised by a professional producer. Nate continues, \"If it was up to me, man, I'd sign you on the spot.\" \"R-really?\" Dylan stutters in disbelief. \"Yeah, with your sound and your look, I can see all the crazed teenage girls eating it up,\" Nate nods, so sure of himself. \"Brooke tells me you're signed up to do the battle of the bands thing. If I can get you in the studio to record with me and get the boss to check it out, I'm sure I can get you a record deal. Battle of the bands isn't necessary. You're that good, kid.\" \"Wow,\" Dylan's eyes widen. He's skeptical. \"Oh crap, Dylan, we lost track of time! You gotta get home now!\" Brooke shouts urgently, bursting into the conversation. \"Hello, Earth to boy who's supposedly grounded! It's almost four.\" \"Oh shit,\" Dylan murmurs, suddenly panicking. \"Frank is going to kill me. Shit.\" \"Take my car,\" Nate directs, tossing a set of keys to Brooke who easily catches it. She kisses him sweetly and the older guy smiles against his girlfriend's lips. He then turns to Dylan, his extended hand holding out a little card. \"Give me a call sometime next week and we can talk.\" \"Thanks for everything, Nate.\" \"No problem, D,\" Nate smirks, the two pounding fists. \"A kid as talented as you is always welcomed here.\" Dylan nods and grins before being pulled out of the room by an anxious Brooke Ferris. As he walks down the halls of the recording studio, Dylan stares down at the little card in his hands, his mind reeling with all the possibilities, all the doors to the future that can be opened with a simple dial of the number printed on the business card. Brooke smiles, \"What did I tell you? Nate's amazing, right?\" Dylan grins to himself; his mind running wild with what the future has in store − both with his music career and with Phoebe. Author's note: Okay, so how do you like the new and improved Temporary Insanity? I like to think that my writing has improved from way back when. How to you like my additional characters? They're mostly there to show how their actions affect Phoebe and Dylan's relationship. Also how's my characterization of the cannon characters? I'd love some feedback if you really want me to continue this story. Thanks for reading and don't forget to review![Chapter 14] Temporary Insanity Chapter fourteen: Every Party has a Clown \"Did we really have to invite your other two girlfriends to Aldo's birthday?\" Dylan smiles as he pulls on a Metalica t-shirt that he found at a cool thrift one summer in Greenwich Village paired with a pair of dark jeans. He looks deep into the mirror, past his own image and at the girl standing behind him. Her sundress is simple yet chic and the smooth color of champagne, accompanied by mahogany gladiator sandals that lace up her ankles. \"Yes, we did,\" Dylan confirms, swiftly taking her by the wrist and reeling her into the bathroom. Her waves of caramel are flying every which way as Dylan moves to press her up against the back of the door, his free hand reaching over to flick the lock shut. \"Does Silver know Brooke's invited?\" Phoebe questions. Her face shows her annoyance when she notices how Dylan's transfixed on her little pink mouth, his mind turned to mush. \"I'm not about to play mediator, Dylan.\" \"Phoebe, chill,\" Dylan says with such a blasé attitude towards something that could possibly be a volcano waiting to erupt. He smiles gently, his hand sweeping through her tresses that are soft as silk. \"I told B to stop by Bliss and pick up cupcakes to soften the blow. She's cool. Silver−\" \"Silver is a ticking time bomb,\" Phoebe finishes. \"I don't even know if she's cool with me.\" \"Silver doesn't hold grudges,\" Dylan assures her, shaking his head. Phoebe doesn't hesitate to show her disbelief. \"Okay, so she may seem like the type to and there are exceptions to the rule, but looks can be deceiving. I mean, look how many times her and Rodge have gotten back together and he does worst shit to her on a daily basis. Trust me, Pheebs.\" She scowls, \"Trust you? Mr .− \" Phoebe hardly has time to suck in a breath before his lips come crashing against hers. He kisses her so hard, so intensely, that Phoebe can't do anything, but return it, her lips mimicking his in movement. It's moments like this where she both curses and adores Dylan North. On one hand, it's frustrating because they never get anywhere when she wants to talk about important issues yet being with him is the sweetest escape she has. He breaks the kiss, panting against her lips, \"Now, Phoebe, be good today.\" She laughs airily, \"Don't tell me what to do.\" Their lips meet again in a kiss that's more attentive and affectionate than the rough, breathtaking ones that are reserved for shutting each other up. Her arms go around his neck and she presses into him as if she were trying to merge them into a single being. He groans. She moans. They kiss again. His fingers are tipped with fire, setting her skin ablaze with each touch. BOOM! BOOM! \"Dylan, you've been in there forever! Get out of the bathroom!\" BOOM! BOOM! Dylan grunts irritably and Phoebe's arms go slack as she leans back against the door, feeling the entire door vibrate each time Naoko strikes it with her closed fist. They reluctantly detangle their limbs and turn to the mirror, sure to straighten every article of clothing and put every strand of hair back in place. It's times like these where they have to be extra careful, when they know they have an audience. Dylan groans impatiently and he angrily throws the door open. \"It's my fucking bathroom time, Phoebe,\" he sneers and Phoebe tries hard not to show how she's slightly impressed with his hidden talent of acting. \"You can't just barge in like that just because your hair needs a little volume.\" \"God, you can be so dramatic sometimes,\" Phoebe rolls her eyes and scowls in response. \"You were brushing your teeth! It wasn't like you were jacking off or something.\" \"Oh, that's real appropriate, Phoebe.\" \"Bite me, Dylan.\" Their eyes meet with a hateful fire behind each pair of orbs before they take off in opposite directions of the hallway, leaving a slightly bewildered group of youngsters looking between the two retreating figures. They wait on opposite sides of the lighthouse and count to ten before meeting up again at the top of the steps. When they do, they're laughing hysterically and grinning from ear to ear. He reaches for her hand, but then the door bell rings and Phoebe easily eludes his grasp, instead running down the stairs, sneaking Dylan a wink that makes his smile effortless. Phoebe rips the door open, coming face to face with New London's most dysfunctional couple. Rodge is sporting a leather jacket over a simple white v-neck and his arm is lazily thrown around Silver who looks like she's attending some Hollywood red carpet event opposed to a six-year-old's birthday. Her electric blue dress makes her eyes absolutely pop, her black tights outline her shapely legs and she tops her look off with a pair of all-black Converse. \"Hey Pheebs, don't get me wrong, you totally rock your ripped jeans and Chucks, but keeping those long oh hot damn goddess legs hidden from the general public is most definitely a crime,\" Rodge blurts out, practically drooling as his eyes trace from Phoebe's porcelain kneecaps to her red-painted toe nails and back up to repeat the process. \"Hmm, usually I get pissed when my boyfriend blatantly checks out other girls, but Rodge does have a point,\" Silver agrees, holding a vintage Super 8 camera in her hand, capturing Phoebe's appearance from head to toe. \"You've got great legs, Pheebs.\" \"Um, thanks. Usually I'd be flattered,\" Phoebe says to Silver before turning her gaze over to Rodge who's licking his lips like a disgusting, hungry wolf, \"but it's Rodge .\" \"Hey guys,\" Dylan smiles from the foot of the stairs, entertained by the way his two friends are both entranced by Phoebe, particularly her legs. \"The party's out back.\" \"Cool,\" Silver smiles, \"Hunter's parking the car and−\" \"Look who I found out front,\" in arrives Hunter's voice and though he's out of sight, it's safe to assume he's pleased, the hint of a smile evident in his voice. They all turn to find the football star with both of his strong arms wrapped around the tiny frame of the one and only Brooke Ferris. Hunter's laughing such a jovial laugh, not the one when he's making small talk with adults or when he's hanging out with his supposed friends from the football team as they drink themselves into oblivion and have belching contests. He seems genuinely happy, standing there in his Moreno Black Chino shorts, a simple gray t-shirt and Dolce sunglasses that are assumed to be Brooke's. Phoebe thoughtfully chews on her bottom lip, waiting for this entire thing to explode, waiting for Silver to bluntly point out their past and mistakes everyone's made. She's pleasantly surprised when Silver doesn't scream or shout or even glare. Instead, she smiles and points her camera at her ex-best friend. \"So how does it feel, B?\" Silver questions while directing the lens of her camera at the petite brunette in the short, sleeveless and backless, firecracker red dress. Silver's smile is warm and almost everyone (except a grinning Dylan North) is in complete shock. \"It feels like home, S,\" Brooke says in a voice that's much softer and much more gentle than the usual Brooke Ferris who's often questioned if she's ADD. No longer able to contain herself, Brooke moves forward and embraces Silver who gladly returns the hug. \"How'd you do it?\" Phoebe asks Dylan, so tempted to touch him when standing so close. \"Both of them are stubborn as hell. Neither was going to let their seventeen year friendship die without a fight,\" Dylan proudly explains. \"They just needed a little Dylan North to point that out to them.\" \"Let me guess,\" Phoebe muses, thoughtfully tapping her finger against her chin. \"You had nothing better to do during your little suspension from school, called both of them, tricked them into meeting when they thought they were going to hang out with you and somehow you magically got them to work out their issues.\" \"Wow, you know me well,\" Dylan laughs. \"Well, it wasn't just me. Nate and Mrs. Munion helped too; it turns out the ol' girl is a huge Ferret Fan. Dude, locking them in a closet together was totally genius.\" Phoebe laughs. \"Seriously?\" \"Well, at first I thought it was,\" Dylan honestly replies, running his fingers through the chocolate strands at the nape of his neck. \"What really brought them together was when they pretended to be cool with each other, convinced me to set them free and tried to break my other arm.\" \"And you didn't tell me any of this in the bathroom this morning because?\" \"I think it's cute when you squirm,\" Dylan replies in a teasing whisper. This time Phoebe doesn't hesitate to touch him when her fingers coil into a fist and her knuckles meet his shoulder. \"Come on, guys,\" Phoebe calls, motioning to the back door. \"We've got a party waiting.\" Stepping into the backyard is like walking into the warped world that is Chuck E. Cheese minus the air condition and loud, light up games. The property is crawling with little kids, running from the food tent to the game tent. There's Dylan giving temporary tattoos, a clown that's entertaining the children with balloon animals (and sexually assaulting Brooke with his eyes), a magician, a petting zoo, pony rides, cotton candy machine and an inflatable, jumping castle. They immediately seize all control of the Rockband station, Hunter and Brooke alternating with the microphone and Rodge on bass, his comfort zone. Phoebe rocks the guitar, but then switches to the drums when Silver is the reason they fail one too many songs, loudly cursing her lack of coordination. Dylan grumbles from his station, but the sight of Phoebe laughing and playing around with their old friends is a sight to sweet to stay grumpy. Kids who can barely operate the instruments start to complain and the big kids need to search for something else to occupy their time. The rest of the evening consists mostly of teasing Dylan and eating junk food and watching little children participating in tug-o-war. When Hunter gets bored with kids yelling at Dylan, hating on his rock band logos for tattoos and Rodge cowering away from the clown, he proposes a friendly game of soccer. Out on the field, he likes feeling the sun beating down on him and the feel of the grass beneath his shoes. He likes having a goal and doing anything in his power to achieve it despite anyone or anything that may stand in his way. Thump. \"Ouch,\" Hunter grumbles, running his fingers over the sore spot on the back of his head, fingers raking through short, dark curls. \"Sorry,\" Kelly laughs with a soccer ball at her feet. She kicks the ball up into the sky and Hunter easily catches it between his large, strong hands. \"As much as dad thinks he can lead a team, we outnumbered him in the vote so you're captain of one team and apparently we can't be on the same team. They think it'd be unfair.\" \"It kinda would. We'd completely cream them,\" Hunter puts on a wide smile for the young girl. He holds out his hand, fingers curling into a fist with Kelly imitating him, their knuckles bumping. \"So I guess I'm leading an army of Norths then, huh?\" \"We learned to integrate a while ago, Hunter,\" Kelly explains with an affirmative nod. \"Well, except we're a bit uneven. You think your brother wants to play?\" \"Ha, are you joking? Rodge and sports, not exactly a match made in heaven,\" Hunter laughs at the very idea. He scans the table of friends who are huddled around an iPod with connected speakers. \"Kel, I'm going to do some quick scouting.\" \"Game starts in exactly fifteen,\" Kelly announces and Hunter flashes the girl another smile that dazzles her in a way that surpasses the likes of Edward Cullen or any other boy both realistic and fictional. \"Hey guys...\" \"You're such a pedophile, playing with all those youngens like that,\" Rodge teases while gnawing on the bendy straw he plucked from his can of cola. Brooke freezes though it seems Dylan and Phoebe are the only ones that notice. \"That little girl totally has a crush on you,\" Silver claims, \"leading her on like that, not cool.\" \"Really, because I think Rodge would call it being nice,\" Hunter says, enjoying the way his brother chokes on his soda. \"Anyways, who wants to play some soccer?\" A round of groans comes from all across the table. \"Fine, you guys suck,\" Hunter says dismissively. His eyes roam the other tents of guests and he finds a lonely blonde across the way. Without even a goodbye, Hunter takes off, approaching a downhearted girl in J. Crew from head to toe. He plasters on a charming smile and smoothly settles in beside her on the porch steps, balancing the soccer ball on his knee. She absentmindedly fiddles with the hem of her sundress when Hunter clears his throat to make his appearance known. \"Hey Christina,\" Hunter greets, breaking the cheerleader from her deep thought. \"Oh, hey Hunter,\" she forces a smile and it's painful to witness. \"So what are you doing all the way over here all alone?\" \"Just tired,\" Christina dances around the storm that's raging in her head. \"And the clown is seriously creeping me out.\" \"Aww Tina,\" he chuckles, spinning the black and white ball on the tip of his finger. \"I'm a jock, yes, but stupid no.\" Hunter nods across the lawn to the table where the group of musically inclined teenagers are laughing and probably enjoying a round of teasing the crap out of each other. Christina's eyes reluctantly follow and she notices the way Rodge whispers in Silver's ear and how she pushes him away with a beautiful laugh. \"She's pretty,\" Christina coldly comments, wondering what Rodge could possibly see in Silver Silverberg. Sure, Silver's thin and curvy and has captivating eyes and with her acceptance into Yale (the talk of the town) one can infer that she's intelligent. Then there's her attitude, how she's completely shameless, bold in her every move. \"Who am I kidding? She's flawless.\" \"A bit of an over exaggeration, but yeah, if anything, Rodge has great taste,\" Hunter agrees. \"They look real happy, don't they? Give it maybe fifteen minutes. He'll say something she finds offensive and I think it's her turn to angrily storm off. Then knowing my brother, he'll probably go on a sugar binge instead of chasing after her.\" \"Yeah, but my question is why,\" Christina muses darkly. \"How can he− she− both of them be so masochistic and continue such an unhealthy relationship?\" \"One of life's many unanswered questions,\" Hunter smirks, seeming like the epitome of calm compared to Christina who's ready to rip her hair out. \"Look, Christina, don't sweat it, alright? It isn't your shit to obsess over.\" \"I'm not obsessed.\" She pouts, not a patented Brooke Ferris pout, but the expression is still adorable and heart wrenching enough to make Hunter sympathize with the girl. \"Most girls who chase after Rodge have this mentality that they can fix him. They just see him as this bad boy waiting for a good girl to make him better. It's actually pretty cliché,\" Hunter explains to the best of his ability. \"You see Silver, she isn't like those girls. She's smart and aggressive and stubborn and she doesn't chase him. She doesn't try to fix him.\" \"And she isn't happy,\" Christina surely adds, words that make Hunter look away, shamefaced. \"Listen, Hunter, I got the talk from Phoebe and Dylan. If you think I'm chasing him or I'm so disillusioned I think I can tame the wild bad boy, well, don't. Rodge and I aren't even friends.\" \"I heard about that,\" Hunter winces and Christina quickly looks to him with interest. \"I briefly remember him ranting to himself about you and Silver and growing up. What's that all about?\" \"It just…annoys me that he runs to me not because we're friends, but because he needs an ego boost every time he fights with his girlfriend,\" Christina vents, \"and it's not like he even listens to what I say or cares about me because he just goes back to her. I just, I want off the merry-go-round.\" \"Try having to deal with both of them,\" Hunter says, thrusting a hand through his hair in a weary gesture. \"Rodge does something stupid, he wants me to talk to her and smooth things over. When Rodge storms off, I'm the one that has to reassure her that all the making up they do isn't for nothing.\" \"It isn't?\" \"Not even I know anymore,\" Hunter says, shaking his head. \"What I do know is that when they ask me for help, I help them. It doesn't matter what I think. It's their lives. He's my brother. She's my friend. I don't have the right to judge them so I don't.\" \"How mature of you,\" Christina goes for a genuine smile, but fails miserably. She sighs, thankful for waterproof mascara. \"God, I feel like a complete joke, the little girl sitting in the corner staring at them like a freak. I might as well make my stalker level weirdness official, put on a red rubber nose and join the creepy clown guy.\" \"Yeah, I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. Dude is a complete perv. I gotta wear my back-the-fuck-off snarl every time the creep makes a pass at B,\" Hunter shakes his head and chuckles despite the fact that it's true. Christina resists a reaction and the beautiful twin leans closer with determination lighting his eyes. \"Aww, what's with the broody face? Come on, Tina, it wouldn't kill you to smile, would it?\" Her lips curl up, just seeing his sweet smile. \"That's my girl,\" Hunter grins and stretches his strong arm across her shoulders, pulling her in for an affectionate hug, though shorter and looser than the ones he gives Brooke and Phoebe. \"Now, get up. We've got a soccer match to win and I think me and you are enough to make William cry.\" \"Why are you such a great guy, Hunter?\" Christina wonders aloud. Hunter stands from the porch steps and holds out his hand. Christina easily takes his offering and he wraps his arm around her shoulders, leading her to the grassy area that'll serve as their field. Hunter squeezes her again, hoping to hug away her sullen attitude. Laughing, he jokes, \"Because Rodge took the jerk gene.\" … \"Who's the blonde?\" Silver asks, her voice taking on a defensive quality. Dylan releases his finger from the airbrush, admiring the ruby red lips, the pearly white teeth and outstretched tongue he sprayed onto the arm of a five-year-old in a party hat. His eyes travel across the way and his eyebrow goes up, noticing Christina and Hunter all buddy-buddy all of a sudden. \"That's Christina Beardsley,\" Brooke explains when no one jumps to Silver's question that hangs in the air. \"She's William's little sister, stepsister to the Norths, cheerleader, cheery and cute in this naïve baby rabbit sort of way.\" Silver wastes no time with her questions. \"Are they dating?\" \"He better not,\" Rodge grumbles beneath his breath, though Silver's too busy eyeing Christina to take notice to her boyfriend's sideline commentary. \"What's it to you if they are?\" Dylan laughs, swiping his finger across the frosting of Phoebe's cupcake. She playfully slaps him and Dylan grins, pressing his finger past his lips and into his mouth. \"Just curious,\" Silver absentmindedly responds, chewing on her bottom lip. \"Rest assure, babe, he isn't dating her,\" Rodge butts in, shaking his head. \"He may be all sweet and whatever with you girls, but he's my brother, a Montgomery, a dude. I know him and he's so into this football gig right now he doesn't do relationships. End of story.\" \"Aww, Hunt's just waiting for the right girl to come along. Give me twenty years to live out the rockstar roller coaster and then when I'm a famous singer ready to settle down and he's a famous NFLstar with a Hollywood mansion, I'm totally marrying him,\" Brooke says with stars in her eyes. Rodge cringes, \"Poor Hunter.\" \"Poor William,\" Phoebe interjects. \"Brooke, he just walked by and heard all of that.\" \"Forget William.\" Brooke's demeanor suddenly changes, her plush lips poking out in a pout as she whines, \"Phoebe, tell your stepbrother to quit staring. It's really starting to freak me out.\" Combing her fingers through her bangs, Phoebe takes a look around and notices a number of admirers, one leering quite creepily catching her eye. \"Well, Harry just hit puberty to where his voice cracks and he actually notices girls now,\" Phoebe says a bit awkwardly, \"With Silver and you looking like−\" \"The Girls Next Doors,\" Rodge interrupts just to be slapped across the head by Silver and socked in the arm by Phoebe. \"Ow! Fine! Adult film stars.\" \"Watch it,\" Silver warns. To which Rodge rolls his eyes. \"It was a joke.\" \"Anyways,\" Brooke cuts in, already feeling one of the couple's many arguments coming on, \"I didn't mean Harry who I think I might flash just to see how red he'll turn.\" Brooke bites the tip of her tongue, wiggling her fingers in a wave at the sandy-haired boy who stops to stare, giving Christina the opportunity to steal the ball from him. \"I was talking about Will.\" Dylan blinks. \"I distinctly remember you saying 'forget William'.\" Brooke sighs, \"Well, it's kinda hard with him staring like that.\" In three second flat, four heads turn simultaneously to find the Coast Guard's oldest son, well, also staring. Embarrassment plays across his face and William quickly goes back to the soccer match, trying to shake off the fact that every pair of eyes sitting around that table are observing his every move. \"Nice guys. Way to be inconspicuous,\"Brooke groans, shielding her face with her hands, a sign of sheer mortification. \"Ugh, does he not get that the breakup was permanent?\" \"Well, no, not if you're sending him mixed signals,\" Dylan mumbles beneath his breath, thinking of the ridiculous way William accused Dylan of stealing that photo of him and his beloved Brooke. Looking at the musician with her head thoughtfully tilted to the side, Brooke's about to question Dylan, but is interrupted by Rodge. \"Here's an idea. B, why don't you use Hunt?\" Rodge deviously proposes, his dark side itching for a little fun. \"Nothing like a little fake out makeout to tell a guy it's over. Foolproof, I promise, and you know Hunter. He'll totally be fine with it.\" \"No,\" Silver surprisingly objects and Brooke throws Dylan a knowing smile. \"One, even I think that's cruel. Two, we're at a five-year-old's birthday party. And three, it makes you look cheap.\" Brooke sighs, \"Then what do you suggest I do, Silver?\" \"Hey William Beardsley!\" Silver shouts in the loudest voice she can muster, standing up. Despite his bellowing father, William stops again, impatiently watching Silver. \"Quit stalking your ex and get your head in the game! FYI, you're kinda being a creeper!\" Brooke groans and immediately grabs Silver by the wrist, yanking her back down into her seat. With animate eyes, she sneers, \"Oh yeah, that wasn't cruel at all. Thanks a lot, Silver. It's nice to see you're still a shameless emo whore.\" \"And they may have made you give back the uniform, but you're still a slutty cheerleader bitch,\" Silver grins a grin of accomplishment. \"I've missed you too, B.\" \"Ha, yeah, thanks. Now I'm totally bummed,\" Brooke grumbles as she sits up and threads her fingers through her shiny tresses that resemble a wave of chocolate. Watching Silver so smiley, Brooke gets an idea and her signature cheeky grin returns. \"You know, I think I'll just makeout with Hunt as a pick-me-up.\" The smiley attitude immediately drops and Brooke feels sickly satisfied. \"Now that makes you sound cheap,\" Phoebe laughs lightly, Brooke deflates with slumping shoulders, too miserable to even retaliate. Seeing all her friends preoccupied, Phoebe's hand finds Dylan's thigh beneath the table covered in plates of cake and cups of juice. \"Nah, not cheap. Just Brooke,\" Dylan laughs, his hand finding Phoebe's and entwining their fingers. His hand is so much larger than hers and when she feels him squeeze, she's filled with such warmth, sure to squeeze back. \"Whoa, hold on there, North Pole,\" Silver laughs, bringing his attention back above ground. The dark-haired girl shifts in her seat and lazily points her camera at Dylan. \"Are you implying that our lovely Brooke Ferris is indeed synonymous with cheap?\" \"Aww, Silver, you're talking to Dylan here,\" Phoebe reminds her friend, \"I think you need to use smaller words.\" \"Shut up,\" Dylan orders playfully and notices his mother sending him hand signals from across the yard. \"I'll get back to you, Silver. Pheebs, I think mom's telling us it's time for the cake.\" \"Yeah, we should really help out. Mom's totally swamped with five-year-olds and Frank's out there playing soccer,\" Phoebe scoffs, rolling her eyes. Dylan heads back towards the kitchen and Phoebe stands reluctantly. \"We'll be right back, guys.\" \"Hey Pheebs, when you walk away, can you sway your hips a bit? Rodge likes,\" the bassist winks at the pale guitarist who narrows her eyes into angry slits before pelting him with a plastic water bottle and sauntering away. \"Rodge is really starting to get on my nerves,\" Phoebe complains, shoving the backdoor open and stomping into the empty kitchen. Inside, Dylan's inspecting the birthday cake straight from the beloved Bliss Bakery. He looks up at Phoebe and smiles, seeing her with her arms crossed, gritting her teeth. \"Rodge only says what he says and does what he does because he knows all of it pushes your buttons,\" Dylan laughs, his arm roping around her hips and pulling her to him. \"Plus, you're kinda hot when you're all worked up.\" \"Shut up, Dylan,\" Phoebe snaps, teasingly pulling away when he tries to kiss her. \"And what's with you and Brooke trading all those secretive looks from across the table?\" Dylan laughs, relishing in the feel of her skin beneath his fingertips, holding her tight and not wanting to let go. \"Ferret seems to think that Silver's got a thing for Hunter and vice versa so we've got a little bet going.\" \"If only she knew what the other twin was doing with Christina,\" Phoebe mumbles, sympathizing slightly with the cheerleader who's been in a rather gloomy mood the last few days. \"Yeah, I wouldn't wanna be Christina right now,\" Dylan winces. \"There's nothing worse than being on Silver's Shit List and you totally know she has one. I've seen it. It's on her Blackberry.\" \"Shut up and grab the cake, Lennon,\" Phoebe laughs and gently shoves his shoulder. Grinning, Dylan pulls her in closer and not even Phoebe North can deny the butterflies she feels rattling her ribcage. He leans in and she shoves him away again. \"Dylan, what if someone comes in?\" \"Phoebe, just trust me.\" Their lips meet briefly, a light and delicate kiss with a hint of anxiety stinging deep within them both. At the smallest sound they break apart, Phoebe looking around frantically and Dylan smoothing his fingers through his hair. Both their eyes drop to the floor to see the two dogs staring up at them with big brown eyes and heads tilted to the side. \"Dylan,\" Phoebe whispers through her teeth, fisting his shirt with her long, slim fingers. \"They're staring.\" \"I'm adopted,\" Dylan blurts out with a nervous laugh. \"And I'm talking to the dogs, aren't I?\" \"Yeah, I don't even know why I bother with you,\" Phoebe says with a sigh, patting his chest before walking across the kitchen. \"Now grab the cake. I've got the forks and plates.\" With her arms full with paper plates and plastic forks, Phoebe opens the backdoor, but before Dylan can even take a step out, Silver and Naoko step in with the much younger girl chattering incessantly. Being strong, beautiful and not to mention talented with anything somewhat related to technology, it's only natural the freshman idolizes Silver Silverberg. \"That's so cool of you helping your sister with a documentary,\" Naoko gushes. \"Ahh, it's the least I could do especially since I might be crashing at her place if this whole LA film school thing works out,\" Silver goes on, not minding Naoko's obvious admiration one bit. \"Did you hear what that Frank guy said when I was interviewing him on love? What a total cheese ball.\" \"Hate to interrupt, but we're gonna cut the cake,\" Dylan announces, motioning to the white box between his hands. \"Come on, guys, who can resist Bliss?\" \"Oh, okay,\" Naoko nods, nervously fiddling with the large black beads hanging around her neck. \"I was just going to show Silver this totally classified, top secret and probably intensely embarrassing for the Beardsleys little project I've been working on.\" \"And I'm thrilled,\" Silver grins without an ounce of her usual sarcasm. Naoko squeaks with a grin, moments away from jumping up and down in excitement. \"Save me a slice of cake, will yah, Norths? You know I'd kill for Bliss.\" \"No problem,\" Phoebe answers as she and Dylan walk out and back over to the party. \"Here's my camera! I've been looking for it all morning!\" Naoko shouts and retrieves the small camcorder sitting atop the kitchen table. The young Asian girl almost gasps when she sees the flashing little red light. \"Oh crap. I think it's been recording this whole time.\" \"Don't worry,\" Silver smiles encouragingly. \"The best stuff is always candid.\"[Chapter 15] Temporary Insanity Chapter Fourteen: Even Stone Walls Crumble About three things Silver Silverberg is absolutely positive. First, Brooke Ferris is an idiot. Apparently, the bubbly brunette wrongly thinks she has a \"thing\" for Hunter Montgomery. The very thought makes Silver inwardly chuckle and roll her eyes. If the girl's music career tanks, she should definitely look into being a tabloid columnist. Brainless glamour-obsessed zombies would eat up every last lie Brooke's imagination could create. Even Gossip Girl would be green with envy. Second, there's a dark, sick and deeply twisted part of her − and she doesn't know how strong that part might be − that think her boyfriend might be cheating on her with a cheerleader named Christina Beardsley. Silver isn't one for jumping to conclusions, but the implications traded between Candid Phoebe and Candid Dylan only leads her mind down one particular path. Rodge is in deep shit. And Fourth, Phoebe and Dylan may be far from Edward and Bella or even Jasper and Alice, but they seem just as unconditionally and tragically in love. Silver almost regrets fiddling with Naoko's video camera as the young Asian girl loudly argues with one of her brothers, the one Phoebe earlier referred to as Harry, Silver thinks. She does not regret slickly stealing the tape from the camera and slipping it into her bra. \"Hey Naoko, as fun as this has been, why don't we head back to the party, okay?\" Silver asks nervously, threading her fingers through her pin-straight raven tresses. The Asian girl looks confused, Harry or whatever looks like he's ready to spit some pickup line he's heard from his older siblings and Silver bolts for the door. She trots down the stairs, hoping her sudden outburst will prompt Naoko to follow her with questions that won't have answers instead of checking her camera so soon and finding the missing tape. The second she hits the bottom of the staircase, a hand grabs her forearm and yanks her aside. Silver's ready with her sharp tongue, ready for anything Rodge has to say. Her face, however, softens when she sees Hunter and those kind green eyes. She should have known it was Hunter. Though he grabbed her of so suddenly, his touch is different from Rodge's. While Rodge is dominant and stern, Hunter's secure yet gentle. \"Hunter, you scared the crap out of me!\" she scolds him, pulling away and then thrusting her fist into the rock solid contour of his bicep. She shakes it off, smoothing down her dark, straight strands. \"Sorry, Silver. It's just…you had that crazed determined look in your eyes, you know, the one you get when you're about to do something stupid? Yeah, thought I'd cut in because, well, friends don't let friends make an ass out of themselves a kiddy parties,\" Hunter says, half joking and half serious. \"Screw you,\" Silver says simply, yanking her arm free from his hand. \"What's your problem?\" Hunter wonders aloud. \"My brother's been well-behaved all day.\" Except now because he's \"smoothing things over with Christina\" and I'm supposed to distract you for a bit , Hunter thinks, his grin giving nothing away. \"I just…\" Silver pauses, fumbling for words and nervously tangling and untangling her fingers. \"Have you ever found out something about someone…something shocking that might even…change your perspective on everything?\" Hunter mentally curses. Does she know? \"What are you talking about, Silverberg?\" Hunter asks cautiously. \"I can't say here,\" Silver says through gritting teeth. She looks from side to side and though the lighthouse appears empty, with so many children around, there's no telling who's listening around the corner. \"I want cake,\" she says, grabbing his wrist and drastically dragging him the rest of the way though the house. \"So…I thought you were over that whole superficial cheerleader bitch phase…\" Hunter blinks. \"What?\" \"William's sister, the blonde,\" Silver discretely mentions. \"She seems like your type.\" \"Hotshot football star and sweet, blonde cheerleader,\" Hunter laughs as they make their way down the porch steps and into a crowd of people half their height. \"It's a cliché for a reason. Plus, I like my girls with a little edge.\" \"Oh, you like girls?\" Silver jokes with suggestively arched eyebrows. \"Ha ha, funny,\" Hunter says dryly before he playfully pokes her in her side. Feeling an overwhelming need to retaliate, Silver slams her fist into shoulder, but finds he's pulled her into a playful embrace and lightly tickles her sides. Silver can't resist a laugh as she struggles to fight off the jock, but then a loud screech draws both their attention. Brooke Ferris with her wild mane of chocolate and auburn tresses, jumps onto Hunter's back with her thin, tan arms wrapped around his neck. Hunter laughs and his arms go around her legs, keeping her up on his back. \"Pony boy! I'm not interrupting anything, am I?\" Brooke asks sweetly. \"You, Brooke Ferris, interrupting? Never,\" Hunter laughs lightly. He turns his head to see Brooke's angelic face perched on his shoulder, hair in complete disarray and those adorable dimples that accompany her lively smile. Hunter looks at her, Brooke looks at him and Silver feels like she's intruding on something she'll never understand. Silver's always so guarded. She can joke around with the boys, but it's controlled. Everything you see and know about Silver Silverberg is what she wants you to see and know. She doesn't leak her true feelings, her real motives and most certainly not her silliest thought. She watches Brooke and Hunter and it's so baffling Silver feels embarrassed for even watching. \"I told everyone about our fairytale wedding,\" Brooke says in all seriousness and Hunter can't help, but laugh aloud. \"Baby, your brother seemed hell-bent on keeping us apart, but he got over it pretty fast.\" Hunter smirks. \"Did you let him have it?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Brooke grins affirmatively. \"I carefully explained to Rodge that you, hubby, are prime real estate, complete with that white picket fence and golden retriever and in twenty years, Brooke Ferris will be ready to move in.\" Silver scowls. \"Not dehumanizing at all, Brooke.\" \"Aw, don't feel left out,\" Brooke coos and jumps down from Hunter's back. Grinning like an idiot, she links her arm through Silver's, the way only a friend could. \"You're so a bride's maid, bitch. I'm still debating on whether you or Pheebs are Maid of Honor though.\" Their grins are so playful and the topic so ridiculous that Silver can't help, but play along. She sighs, \"Put me in an orange dress and I'll shave off all that pretty hair of yours.\" Brooke gasps dramatically. \"You wouldn't!\" \"Dude,\" Hunter mutters, scratching the back of his head. \"I'm so not marrying G.I Jane.\" Brooke gasps, appalled and smacks Hunter's shoulder. He easily catches her wrists and tickles her sides. Brooke, never one for subtlety, shrieks and laughs and wiggles wildly. Silver shakes her head. It's hard to believe that they're not five-year-olds, but actually eighteen and graduating high school in a matter of months. \"Hey babe, what's going on?\" Rodge asks as his thin arm takes its rightful place around her neck. Rodge wears a smirk that isn't as bright as it should be and there's something in his eyes that seems a bit sad, but Silver can't exactly place it. \"Nothing much,\" Silver answers with boredom and stands on her tiptoes long enough to peck her boyfriend's lips. \"The happy pretend couple is just debating whether they should have the wedding here or at the Plaza Hotel.\" \"Don't matter to me,\" Rodge smirks, \"as long as there's an open bar, right, B?\" \"Louis Roederer Cristal and nothing less. You know what they say, right? Champagne for my real friends and real shame for bitch-ass posers,\" Brooke says with a proud smile, holding her head high. Rodge seems to have joined the giddy party, looking as if he could kiss Brooke Ferris, but settles for a silly high-five. \"Hey, I got a text from Pheebs,\" Hunter exclaims and Silver's spine feels like an iron rod struck by lightning. Hunter's staring at the screen of his cell phone and Silver's hanging on his every word. \"They're in the basement and have something they wanna show us.\" \"They?\" Silver inquires. \"As in Phoebe and Dylan? Dylan and Phoebe?\" \"North and North. Yep,\" Hunter clarifies with his arm snaking around Brooke's shapely hips after she steals his cell phone. Hunter can't help but notice how Silver's suddenly uncomfortable. \"Why? Something wrong, Silverberg?\" \"No, nothing,\" she lies effortlessly and feels if she doesn't tell someone she might explode. --- \"It's ridiculous that you'd even suggest that, Dylan.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because it already freaks me out that Bigmouth Brooke knows,\" Phoebe says with a worried, dejected sigh. \"Silver would probably stick her camera in our faces and try to turn our lives into some mini-series for her vlog. Hunter I can see being supportive, but if his evil twin knows then it won't be too long until the entire world does too.\" Dylan loudly exhales, his breath shuffling the brown bangs that fan out across his forehead. \"Phoebe, they're our friends.\" \"Which is even more of a reason not to tell them,\" Phoebe says with a wide, pleading smile. Dylan frowns and melts into his chair because both of them know it doesn't take much from Phoebe to get Dylan to give in. She hates seeing Dylan so sad, she really does, but what he's imagining is fantasy. In a perfect world they can be careless and happy and together in front of everyone. In reality, there'd be all the looks of disgust and the harsh whispers from strangers and friends alike. Then there's their mom and Frank and that's a bridge no one wants to cross. What she can cross is the space between her and Dylan. Each step feels so hard like there are weights on her feet, physically trying to keep her from him. When she reaches him, Dylan welcomes her with open arms and she curls into his lap. Her hand flies to his forearm, fingers groping at his bare flesh like he's a life preserver at sea. Phoebe presses her face into the crook of his neck and he threads his fingers through her hair. It's these moments that cease to amaze the both of them. At one point they were both so convinced that this was purely an act of comfort or maybe a moment of weakness, using one another to release some sort of pent-up sexual frustration. But, no. It's more and that's obvious in those cherished moments when they're not ripping each other's clothes off, but just enjoying the other's presence, simply being together. \"Promise not to kiss me during the song and I think they'll like it,\" Phoebe teases, her lips brushing the column of his neck ever so slightly. \"I say we text em' all to go home and just make out already,\" Dylan suggests, smiling when he feels her body tremble with her sweet laughter. \"AND WE'RE WALKING DOWN THE STAIRS NOW!!!! YUP, WE'RE RIGHT HERE!!!\" Phoebe laughs softly and swiftly changes seats. Leave it to Brooke. No, not obvious at all. \"AND WE'RE HERE!\" Brooke shouts, jumping off the last step and landing with her arms out and wrists folded like she's a skilled gymnast that just perfected a tricking landing. Rodge and Silver follow close behind and appear to be attached at the hip and not fighting. It's a miracle. \"Damn, B, what's with all the flailing? You're sure as hell lucky you're hot,\" Rodge laughs and playfully slaps Brooke's ass as he walks by. She gasps. He chuckles. Next thing you know, Brooke Ferris, rising pop sensation, is pulling on the trim of the briefs beneath Rodge's skinny jeans, trying to give the school's womanizer a wedgie. \"Fuck you, crazy bitch! Brooke, get off me!\" Rodge shouts as he loses his footing and falls to the floor, bringing down the determined brunette with him. \"Sweet,\" Silver says sarcastically, sitting on the corner of the coffee table and neatly crossing her legs. She angles her camera just right, capturing her pathetically floundering boyfriend and her best friend who's having a bit too much fun with this. \"One minute we're talking about how much we've missed hanging out and the next she's jumping my boyfriend.\" \"Damn, if B's on the floor, he must have deserved it,\" Hunter commentates as he walks in and looks at the hot mess wrestling and his brother losing to a girl. Hunter has a can of orange soda in one hand and a plate of cake in the other. He sits on the table beside Silver and offers her the cake with a kind smile. Silver narrows her eyes suspiciously. \"What's this?\" \"Cake,\" Hunter answers, his head tilted, slightly confused. \"Duh…\" \"What'd you do to it?\" \"You said you wanted it,\" he answers, sipping his soda. Silver takes it cautiously and Hunter rolls his eyes. \"You're welcome, your majesty.\" \"God, at this point we should name the band ADHD Jungle,\" Dylan comments harshly and stands to cross the room. He swipes his finger across the frosting of Silver's cake and licks his finger clean. He then reaches down and yanks a rather satisfied Brooke off a disheveled Rodge. Needless to say he feels like a daycare attendant. \"You said you wanted to show us something,\" Hunter reminds the North siblings who instantly get down to business with sheet music and everything. By the smiles and the head nods, the twins are in favor of the song Phoebe and Dylan have been slaving over for days. Meanwhile, Silver and Brooke are in the backroom of the basement. Brooke is hovering over the sink in the small bathroom and staring at her reflection in the mirror, trying to properly part her hair. Silver's right outside, sitting atop the washing machine, tasting the last remaining licks of frosting from her pink lips. \"Listen, B, I don't have a thing for Hunt.\" \"You better not,\" Brooke playfully sneers, poking her head out the bathroom door long enough to stick her tongue out at Silver. \"If there's a chance you'll object when we're at the altar then I'm so knocking you out of the wedding party.\" \"You're such a freak,\" Silver laughs amused. \"Right,\" Brooke sings in that cheeky way that Silver finds absolutely infuriating. \"Just like how William wasn't taking stalker pictures of me today.\" \"Wow, that's a new level of pathetic,\" Silver says, throwing her head back with a laugh. \"Is that where all these wedding plans with Hunter came from? You're hoping William will overhead and back off?\" \"No, I talk about marrying Hunter because it's fun and I totally will if you don't get to him first,\" Brooke explains with a giggle. \"Scaring off William is just a happy bonus.\" Silver groans, leaning back. \"I thought you said you got closure.\" \"I did,\" Brooke assures her, hopping up to sit atop the washing machine beside her childhood best friend. Silver raises a dark eyebrow, clearly in disbelief. \"After I broke up with him, he was crying so I got him drunk, you know, to ease the pain and I actually waited till he passed out before I ditched him.\" \"Love em' and leave em' Brooke Ferris.\" Silver's tone seems scolding though Brooke can only grin with pride. Silver sees her opportunity and clears her throat. \"So, um, what else do you know about that Christina girl?\" \"Not much, really,\" Brooke shrugs, \"I dropped out a couple months after she transferred in so we only cheered together a couple time and history with that bitch, Mrs. Pool, but yeah, sweet, quiet, preppy and proud. That's Christina. Why?\" \"Do you think…she'd have a thing for, I don't know, Rodge?\" Brooke groans. \"Silver, we've been over this.\" \"I'm not jealous, just curious,\" Silver huffs. \"Now answer the question.\" Stubborn as always, Brooke holds out her pinky. \"Promise me you won't do anything to Christina Beardsley or send someone else to do something to her. She isn't bad, Silver.\" \"Who do you think I am, the Godfather?\" Silver laughs, linking their little fingers. \"I promise. Now I want a straight answer, Ferris. Do you think she has a thing for Rodge?\" \"I think you should ask someone who actually goes to New London,\" Brooke says, but then Silver shoots her a warning look and she sighs. \"Maybe, okay? I mean, when she first transferred here she had a thing for Nick De Pietro so obviously she isn't immune to confident jerks.\" \"Ugh, that guy's a tool,\" Silver groans. \"But a great kisser,\" Brooke muses, biting on her bottom lip. Appalled, Silver slaps the giggly brunette on the arm. \"Well, that's what Phoebe told me! I'm strictly speaking from Phoebe's retelling of stories, of course.\" Silver narrows her eyes. \"Slut.\" Brooke laughs. \"Prude.\" Before the girls can go on with a childish yet traditional round of name-calling, they hear something that seems to tickle the interest of both girls. \"Holy crap!\" Brooke explodes, jumping down from the washing machine. \"I know,\" Silver mumbles, following her friend's lead. \"It actually sounds like music.\" … \"I don't like that you like that jerk.\" \"William,\" Christina deeply exhales, staring out at the dimming day. The sun has already set though the horizon is still vaguely outlined with light. The little children are dispersing a handful at a time and the two oldest Beardsley kids are out on the front porch, enjoying a warm spring night. \"You look miserable,\" William shoots out before Christina can even protest. He forces a smile and tugs on a blonde lock. \"Hmm, hate to break it to you, sis, but your hair seems to be your only light aspect these days.\" \"I was thinking of dying it anyways,\" Christina says dully before shooting eyes like daggers over at her brother. \"And you're one to talk, Cheer Bear Stalker Boy.\" William grits his teeth. \"I wasn't talking.\" \"Camera's don't lie, Will. I think even Brooke noticed you snapping shots at her,\" Christina points out. She laughs, but it isn't able to enjoy the full effect of teasing her brother in her current state. \"But see, you're moping over an idiot with no future that you weren't even in a relationship with,\" William explains and Christina groans, realizing it sounds even stupider aloud. \"I was in love with Brooke Ferris. It was the hold a radio over my head in the middle of the night, hopelessly devoted real deal thing and she chose her career over me. If you can take comfort in anything, at least you didn't tell him you're in love with him.\" \"No, not even I'm that stupid,\" Christina spits and William feels somewhat proud. \"He, um, did tell me though.\" William's eyes are bulging. \"Tell you what?\" \"He thinks he might be in love with me,\" Christina says with a woeful smile. She thinks of those on-edge three minutes were Silver went inside the lighthouse for one reason or another and Rodge pulled her aside to talk. He seemed so desperate yet genuine and Christina had to admit, she was getting roped right back into the world of Rodge. \"He's got to be lying. Chris, Rodger Montgomery is the type of guy that will say anything to get you in bed and that's a fact,\" William says strong. A blush creeps up across William's strong face and he thoughtfully stares at his sister. \"Christina, you didn't…\" \"Seriously, if I dye this then will people take me seriously?\" she asks, twisting a lock of her gorgeous blonde hair around one finger. \"Of course I haven't had sex with Rodge. Again, William, I'm not that stupid.\" William straightens his posture and clears his throat. \"Well, good…\" \"It's just…when he's with me, just the two of us talking, he's different…sweeter,\" she reminisces, allowing her facial features to soften. \"And I like that it's a side to him he tries to hide, but he chooses to show it to me…it doesn't matter now.\" \"Yes it does matter,\" William argues. \"I'm graduating and I don't think I could go to Harvard, knowing that I didn't even try one last time with Brooke. And Rodge, he's graduating too. There's no telling what he's doing after and I hear Silver's going off to Yale so there won't be anything keeping him here.\" Christina blinks a few times. Okay, now the hair color is kicking in. \"I don't understand,\" she openly admits. \"What do you mean, William?\" \"I mean, we're going to get them back,\" William says, an optimist's dream, that boy is. Christina smiles, purely because she knows her brother and she can already feel those gears turning in his head. \"We're going to get them back,\" Christina confirms though internally, she drowns in her pessimistic ways. How do you get something back, if you never had it in the first place? … \"That song kicks ass!\" Brooke howls, clapping her hands and jumping up and down. \"For once I don't have to lie to you guys when you ask me what I think about your song.\" \"The cookie cutter pop star's got a point,\" Silver agrees with the slightest hint of a smile on her plush lips. \"You guys are better than I remembered.\" \"That's a real compliment coming from the future Miss Music Exec,\" Dylan teases as he thrust his fingers through his hair, drenched with perspiration. When their band practiced, it wasn't warming up or going through the motions, it was a full on performance with head-banging, fingers blistering, feet-aching one-hundred percent energy. \"Speaking of music execs, I was supposed to swing by the studio like─\" Brooke checks the screen of her cell phone, \"─two hours ago…shit, Nate's going to kill me!\" Everyone watched, bewildered, as Brooke grabbed her purse off the dingy basement couch and jets off. All is still for a moment before they heard the thunderous clacking of her heels. Only Brooke would come right back to distribute hugs and goodbyes. \"This was really great,\" Brooke gushes as Dylan encases her in his arms and she quietly teases him about things only the two of them know. Giggling incessantly, she presses her forehead to his before jumping and capturing both Silver and Phoebe in her outstretched arms. \"I really missed all of you, surprisingly even Rodge.\" \"I didn't miss you,\" Rodge scowls. \"You hurt my ass.\" \"But I won't kiss it,\" Brooke says cheekily, fisting the front of Rodge's shirt and reeling him in to press a sloppy kiss to his pouting face. Rodge soon gives in and hugs her tightly, grinning like a little kid on Christmas. Shoving him away, Brooke laughs, \"What part of 'I'm marrying your brother' don't you get?\" \"The whole thing,\" Rodge groans. \"People as beautiful as us aren't meant for marriage!\" \"I'll remember that one.\" Brooke rolls her eyes and goes to bid Hunter a goodbye. \"Babe,\" Rodge says near her hair and Silver feels so good because he's here with her and the only people they can truly call their friends and he's sober. \"Babe, I think it's time to call it a night.\" \"Yeah, let's go back to my place,\" she purrs, cuddling close. \"I don't want to be alone tonight.\" \"Awesome,\" Rodge grins, but there's something about the way he's looking at her. It doesn't feel very good. \"It's just…some guys invited me to a party downtown and I want to go.\" She sits up, alarmed. \"Rodge.\" \"Silver,\" he sighs irritably. \"Look, no more lies and sneaking away. We promised this time we'd be real with each other so I'm telling you I'm going to go, hang for a bit, a game of pool or two and that's it. I know you aren't into Devin and partying anymore so Hunt will bring you home and I'll come over later, okay?\" \"No,\" Silver says simply, sharply pulling away from him. Rodge scowls, looking around at all his friends. Dylan is sitting with his guitar, trying not to stare. Phoebe is full on staring like it's some live teen drama and Brooke, who's sitting in Hunter's lap, looks like she's about to interject, but the levelheaded twin holds her back. \"Great, here's the big dramatic scene,\" Rodge says unenthusiastically, slouching into the couch. \"What's it this time, Silver? Because I got somewhere to be and unlike you guys I'm loyal to my friends.\" \"Oh God,\" Silver chuckles bitterly, \"Rodge, that guy isn't your friend and he doesn't deserve friends! After what he did to Dylan─\" \"Silver,\" Dylan breaks in, giving the explosive brunette a desperate look. \"It's okay.\" Silver stands, both literally and figuratively up on her soapbox. \"Like we're honestly going to sit around and pretend like the summer didn't happen? It did. Devin is a drug dealer and Dylan almost died and that bastard didn't even come to visit the hospital, not once.\" \"My brother isn't a drug dealer,\" Brooke says quietly and the entire room goes silent. \"Wasting his life away, hell yeah, drinks too much, sure, but he isn't a drug dealer.\" \"And this is why we haven't talked since the day Dylan was released,\" Silver says softly, arms crossed and her eyes away from Brooke even though that's who she's clearly talking to. \"Lovely party,\" Brooke sneers, getting up and heading to the door once again. \"B, wait! Don't leave mad!\" Hunter calls, standing, ready to chase after her. \"Give me a ride to the party?\" Rodge asks out of the blue and Silver turns to him, looking so betrayed and angry. Brooke nods weakly and Rodge quickly follows her, ignoring the looks he's getting from everyone around. He lifts his hand in a peace sign behind his head before they disappear out the back door. Dylan groans and smacks his palm against his forehead. \"Why won't you just let it go, Silver?\" \"Seriously? After I defended your sorry ass like that?\" she balks, eyes narrowed in an intense glare, teeth gritting. \"What? Getting a call from Hunter in the middle of the night that leaves me scared shitless? Practically living in that hospital waiting room? Promising God that if my idiot friend survives what's easily his greatest fuckup yet that I'll give up all the drinking and the parties? Shit, Dylan, I'll never let that go.\" He looks up and their eyes lock. He's pulled in by that deep shade of cerulean and the water that glazes her orbs. In one quick movement, Dylan crosses the space that divides them and she simply crumbles in his arms. \"R-Rodge, h-how does he not get it?\" Silver cries tears laced with mascara. Her hair is all which ways, orbiting her head. She looks a beautiful mess. \"If Devin didn't give you those pills th-then none of that shit would have happened a-and─\" \"It's alright, S. It was a wakeup call for all of us,\" Dylan sooths her as she continues to cry and babble on. He holds her tight and feels a salty tear trace the curve of his neck. Phoebe moves closer to them, stroking Silver's hair in a comforting manner and Hunter stays close by despite his brother and \"future wife\" who are long gone. Dylan always knew that if one of his friends was to leave him hanging, it's most likely to be Rodge. Brooke leaving too, now that was straight out of left field. Author's note: Ah, it felt like a lot of filler, but for that, the next chapter should come sooner. What did you think about this chapter?[Chapter 16] Temporary Insanity Chapter Fifteen: Wow \"I'm not gonna lie. Last night…was a total and complete car crash.\" \"No, really?\" Phoebe asks lightheartedly as she leans in the doorway, looking over at the boy with the cast, spending a lazy Sunday in bed. Taking advantage of the Beardsley being at Sunday school and the Norths out at the Farmer's Market, Phoebe easily sneaks in and slips into bed beside Dylan who smiles gently and kisses her quickly on the forehead. They lie there together, both quietly staring up at the ceiling. \"I've never seen Silver like that,\" Dylan confesses, gentling curling a finger around a lock of Phoebe's hair. \"I─I didn't know what happened to me…made her feel like that…\" \"I could have told you if I was actually home,\" Phoebe sings with an innocent pout, but Dylan shakes his head, firmly believe it was better the way she found out. \"Brooke too,\" Dylan mumbles hoarsely. \"I've never seen her defend Devin.\" \"Well, they've been through a lot together,\" Phoebe reminds him. \"Their parents suck and were never around so growing up, all they had was each other. I mean, it's obvious Brooke isn't proud of the way her brother lives, but he still is her brother.\" \"Hmm, I never thought of it that way…\" \"Like, if someone called you a scrawny Lennon wannabe pill popper or William something equally as offensive but true then I'd probably have a bitch fit like Brooke did last night,\" Phoebe continues with a teasing little smile. Dylan gives her a look. \"I'm oddly flattered yet somewhat offended.\" Phoebe laughs, stroking his bangs with the tip of her fingers. \"Brooke and Silver aside,\" Phoebe says softly, \"What's going on with Rodge? He couldn't spend and enjoy one night away from that place, seriously? If I was Silver I'd just dump his ass once and for all.\" \"He's scared,\" Dylan says simply. \"Rodge is at that point in his life where he doesn't know how to deal with anything so he parties and gets shitfaced so he doesn't have to think about his problems. This thing with Silver, graduating, Battle of the bands. I don't really blame the guy.\" \"I know, but he's turning eighteen this year,\" Phoebe says, sitting up a bit and leaning back into the headboard. \"He's going to need to start making decisions whether he likes it or not.\" Dylan hums in agreement. \"Speaking of decisions, you hear from NYU yet?\" \"No, and it's honestly driving me insane,\" Phoebe shutters, suddenly looking so anxious. Dylan finds it cute, but knows she probably doesn't feel very cute at all. \"You act like you don't know you got in,\" Dylan laughs, so sure of himself. Phoebe hits him lightly on the arm. \"Hey, don't jinx it.\" \"So, what do you want to do today?\" Phoebe sighs with falling lids and snuggles deep into the pillow that smells of Dylan's cologne and the detergent their mother uses. Softly, she answers, \"Just lie here.\" \"If I lay here,\" Dylan sings softly and he can already see the smile tugging at Phoebe's lips. He finds her hand beneath the covers and gently entwines their fingers. \"If I just lay here, will you lie with me and just forget the world?\" \"Hmm, Snow Patrol totally got it right with that song, huh?\" Dylan snuggles in beside her. \"Yeah, they really did.\" … Mumbling angrily beneath her breath, Brooke moves through what was once her childhood home, stepping on crushed plastic cups, cans of beer and the occasional passed out partygoer. The house is a mess, but with his strong speaking Spanish and money from mommy and daddy, Devin will convince the maids to have everything cleaned up in no time. Brooke has always had an interesting relationship with her brother. He's three years older, but at one point they were practically twins. When her father was off on business in New York or maybe Prague or Dubai this week, it was always Devin who'd walk her from the limo to the middle school, Devin who'd threaten the cooks if they forgot to pack her lunch and he'd always keep her company during particularly bad thunderstorms. As they grew up, Devin got into some trouble. He hung out with the wrong people, stayed out all night and slept all day, but he still managed to take care of Brooke ─ talking when she needed it, beating the crap out of certain boys and making sure she kept her grades descent so that spot as cheer captain was always hers. Their relationship was so strong she stood by her brother through what happened to Dylan, that her brother didn't force feed him pills. The one thing that did definitely draw a rift in her tight-knit relationship with her brother was her record deal. Her newfound passion for music had her out of the parties and in the studio, working on her first album. The day her first single made the top 40, all she wanted was to celebrate with her brother, but when she found him, Devin was already passed out. Her brother may be rough around the edges, but he isn't a drug dealer. Brooke's sure. \"Ugh, how did I end up here?\" a groggy voice asks, coming into the kitchen. Brooke looks up from her bowl of cereal and the sight sickens her. Rodge, shirtless with pants unbuttoned and fly down, stumbles into the room with his hair all askew and eyes barely open. She may be pissed at Silver, but it makes her sick what Rodge is doing. \"You and my brother, a couple other guys and a bunch of whores came barging in at like three in the morning,\" Brooke recalls, filling her bowl with milk. \"Something about the party getting lame and bringing it back here.\" \"Right,\" Rodge nods. \"Did we ruin 'Bring It On' for you?\" \"Wow, you were coherent enough to know what was on my TV?\" Brooke asks with her famous smile featuring those dimples. \"I must say I'm impressed, Rodge.\" \"B, I was so fucked up last night I have no recollection of coming here,\" Rodge confesses hoarsely, massaging his temples with long, calloused fingers. Then he looks up at her with those killer eyes and smiles through the pain. \"You always watch 'Bring It On' when you're upset especially with Silver. She's the same way. It's Hitchcock movies all damn night.\" Brooke can't help, but smile. It's moments like this, the little things he notices and commits to memory, which reminds her of why she puts up with Rodge time after time. He sighs woefully and it isn't a sound she likes. \"I fucked up, B.\" \"Hmm, what's her name?\" \"What?\" \"The slut you woke up with. The fuck up. What's her name?\" Brooke elaborates rather harshly. Rodge looks guilty, staring down at the expensive marble counter and Brooke frowns. It's not a good look on him and not a look Brooke has seen him sport prior to this morning. \"Don't know,\" Rodge laughs miserably. \"I have no clue at all…\" \"Don't sweat it,\" Brooke says coolly, doing everything in her power to keep from punching him in the throat till he's on the ground and then kicking him with her bare feet. Cheating is unacceptable. \"I'm Brooke. I don't judge.\" \"Thanks, B, but that doesn't make me feel any less like shit,\" Rodge sighs, eyeing a pack of cigarettes on the counter. He lazily fishes one from the carton and lights the end, brining the paper to his lips. \"You know, I never cheated on her before this…\" Brooke can't help, but snort. \"It's done, Rodge. No use lying about everything now.\" \"Seriously,\" Rodge says, deeply inhaling and breathing out a cloud of smoke. \"I flirt and play around and I made out with Cecilia McBride once , but that's just who I am, you know? Every time I actually hooked up with a girl, Silver and were I broken up. This…this was the fuck up that seals the break up.\" \"Wow,\" Brooke says, her spoon hanging halfway out of her mouth. \"First off, that was grade-A songwriting material right there and two, wow, Rodge Montgomery actually has a conscience…\" \"Mind-blowing, isn't it?\" Rodge asks laughingly and Brooke's too shocked to respond. He inspects the cigarette between his fingers before breathing it all in. Exhaling, he sighs lowly, \"She deserves better, don't she?\" \"Don't even make me answer that,\" Brooke warns, not wanting to let her anger get the best of her and go into another rant about how Silver Silverberg sucks. \"Here's a less obvious question…does Dev really deal?\" \"Whoa,\" Rodge laughs. \"Say that five times fast.\" \"No,\" Brooke says sharply. \"I need to head to the studio in a bit so…\" \"No. He doesn't deal drugs,\" Rodge says with a sigh. \"He noticed D all down and specifically found a dealer to get those because he really thought it would help.\" A wide grin appears on Brooke's face. \"I knew it!\" \"He may not be dealing, B, but he might as well be. His room is stocked,\" Rodge says in a hush tone, looking from left to right with suspicion and leaning in closer. \"Speaking as friend, I gotta say he's in way over his head. Even I'm kinda…I don't know…\" \"Worried?\" Brooke supplies. \"Whatever,\" Rodge says, leaning back in his seat. \"Aww, you do care! Aww, Rodgie,\" Brooke coos and rounds the counter to embrace the skinny and shirtless teen in a tight, cheek-to-cheek embrace. Rodge squirms with half his cigarette perching on his fingertip, trying to keep the ashes off the pretty brunette. With her face buried into the crook of his neck, she breathes, \"You know what you have to do, right?\" \"Yeah,\" Rodge sighs, grinding his cigarette into the marble countertop, drawing a sad face. \"I gotta break her heart one last time.\" … It's days like this and nights like the last that make Silver want to give in to alcoholism. No, instead, she sits in a swivel chair, hair pulled back in a messy bun, thick-rimmed, square-shaped glasses on and works on that documentary she promised her high school counselor of an older sister. Her eyes are concentrated on the screen as she watches it over and over, editing, but mostly cutting out what sucks. She doesn't know why she decided to take on this project. Oh yeah, if she ever had the guts to really run away to the west coast, being on good terms with her sister would really be helpful in scoring a free place to crash. Silver doesn't even know if she believes in love (most days she doesn't at all), but she keeps working at this. It also serves as a good distraction. Silver didn't mean nor want to get so overemotional last night. She didn't mean to drive both Rodge and Brooke away, but she really does blame Devin for that lifestyle. After all, he was the one who introduced each and every one of them into drinking and smoking as a means of entertainment. And so far with Devin out of their lives, it's been better ─ her whole Rodge situation aside. Rodge . She hasn't gotten the routine apology text from him yet. Probably because her phone's off. Probably because she purposefully turned her phone off and has been listening to some Indie band from Sweden that isn't half bad. It's how she gets into her zone for when she's throwing her entire self into a project. The only thing that can break her concentration is a loud, rattling bang. Silver practically jumps out of her seat when she hears it over the music. Immediately, she turns down the volume, leaves her chair and goes to the balcony, drawing back the thick curtains that keep the room so dark it's up to par for a vampire. Cringing at the intensity of the sunlight, Silver takes a look through the glass and mumbles a, \"what the fuck, Hunter…\" Because there he is, wearing swimming trunks and a wifebeater, showing off those delicious, evenly tanned arms of his. Silver stops for a moment, firmly slamming her forehead against the glass of the sliding door. No, she did not just think Hunter's arms are delicious! Not at all. \"Hunter, what the fuck are you doing?\" Silver asks aloud this time, deciding a break couldn't hurt, and going out onto the balcony. She's immediately attacked by UV rays and squints, noticing how much more alluring the pool looks in the heat of spring. \"Your pool's under-chlorinated!\" Hunter shouts up at her though as she leans against the railing, Silver doesn't even attempt to comprehend the incomprehensible. \"Sorry, Doctor Pool Boy,\" Silver teases, biting lightly on the tip of her tongue. \"That doesn't explain what you're doing at my house so early, checking the chlorine levels of my pool!\" \"I've always been your pool boy!\" Hunter shouts back, wearing that goofy yet charming smile. Silver feels like he's pulling her leg. How could she have not noticed? \"I come every third Sunday of the month. A while back, my dad tried to impress yours with how I was a pool boy for that summer back in seventh grade.\" \"God, I remember that,\" Silver scoffs. \"You were totally in cougar city.\" \"Yeah, good times,\" Hunter reminisces with a smile, continuing his work. \"You just wake up?\" \"Hardly,\" Silver snorts, slumped against the railing of the balcony. \"When you're done down there come up. There's something I want to show you.\" \"Cool,\" Hunter nods. \"I got something for you too.\" Once he finishes, Hunter appears in her doorway and finds Silver working diligently in front of her computer. However, he starts to shiver violently when he feels the temperature in her room. He feels and sees the goose bumps that form along his forearms and shivers. It's practically artic weather in there. Despite freezing his ass off, Hunter can't help but stop and stare for a moment. He watches the way Silver's eyebrows furrow in frustration and how her slim fingers fly across the keyboard. Her face is completely void of makeup and those glasses that remind him of third grade make a comeback. \"Hey,\" he calls to her. \"You do know it's freezing in here, right?\" \"Well, if you wore a real shirt for a change,\" Silver trails off, smiling. \"What's up, Jock Boy?\" \"I figured you wouldn't be too happy if I couldn't find the keys to the shed and had to resort to waking you. So I thought I'd bring a peace offering just incase and I remembered how you love cake for breakfast. Don't worry. It's Bliss. None of that corporate sellout crap you hate.\" Silver eyes him cautiously. \"What kind of cake?\" \"What else?\" Hunter laughs, \"Buttermilk and chocolate frosting, your favorite.\" Silver twists in her swivel chair and smiles. \"How sweet of you,\" she comments before narrowing her eyes, \"…Hunt, are you sure there's no ulterior motive here?\" He chuckles at her suspicion and draws closer, kicking the door with the side of his foot. It flies, but doesn't quite meet the doorframe and is left ajar. He carefully sets the coffee down on her desk and honestly admits, \"After last night, I thought you'd need a little pick-me-up.\" Silver doesn't respond right away, but when she does, it's with a laugh. \"Remember the old days where Brooke would always be off with some guy and Rodge passed out somewhere and Dylan convinced he's writing some amazing song, but his handwriting's so bad the next morning he can't read any of it?\" Silver reminisces with a faint smile. \"Then I'd somehow convince you to bake with me.\" \"With some obscure horror flick you love so much playing in the background,\" Hunter adds. \"Man, I've got the burns on my hands as reminders. Hey, what about that one time we got really wasted and really frustrated because, well, we suck at baking so we stormed Pedro's house and demanded he give us a copy of his recipe?\" Silver laughs, \"He banished us from Bliss bakery for a whole week after that stunt.\" \"Well, even men who look like cherubs need beauty sleep,\" Hunter jokes, crossing the rather large room and making himself comfortable on her bed. \"So what are you working on this time? Dog food in the cafeteria's recycled meat sloppy Joes or the administration paying for teenage honor students to have abortions?\" \"Neither,\" Silver answers, but then looks thoughtful. \"Is the New London school board really paying those honor bitches to have abortions? Oh, that's a whole new level of evil.\" Hunter chuckles huskily, \"Concentrate, Silver.\" \"Riight,\" she says, mentally noting to look into the abortion case. \"Ah, I'm still working on this thing for my sister. You know, the documentary about the definition of love −\" he's amused by her air quotes around the word, \"−from people I met trawling the mall.\" \"Hmm,\" he hums with interest, \"and how's that going?\" \"Yeah, it's all really barf inducing but I'm hoping I can do a favor for my sister and she can't say no when I ask her for one in return,\" Silver says, feeling rather proud of herself. Hunter smirks mischievously, \"Do I get to see it?\" \"No,\" she scowls at the very suggestion. \"I never show anything to anyone in the production stage. Not even Rodge has laid eyes on this baby and you know how nosy he can be.\" \"Silver, Silver, Silver,\" he sings and slowly comes up to her. With Silver distracted by the mischief on his beautiful face, Hunter snatches the Bliss bag from her and Silver audibly gasps. \"I brought you cake. Bliss cake . You're lucky I'm not asking you for a finger.\" \"Fine! Now give it!\" she cracks sooner than he anticipated, grabbing at him to get to the bag. Hunter pulls away, nodding to the screen. \"God, okay, just keep in mind that it's really rough and I'm interviewing you after,\" Silver explains hurriedly, desperate for what she knows is coming. He drops the bag into her lap and Silver shoves spoonfuls of cake into her mouth. Hunter laughs, \"how attractive of you.\" \"I know, right,\" Silver mumbles, mouth full and all. With her pinkie finger, she hits the playback button and is extremely amused by the thoughtful way he's watching something she's evidently been working hard on. \" I've been married fifty years, sweetie,\" an older white-haired woman explains. The camera cuts to a clip of the same woman sitting in a wheelchair, being pushed by a man who is assumed to be her husband. He stops shortly and they change places so that she's now pushing him in the wheelchair. \" Love is about trust, sugar,\" the elderly woman continues, \"it's about trusting someone to love you even if you aren't perfect.\" The camera zooms out to show the woman's husband who's tightly holding her hand and smiling with such joy. He chuckles, \"Like this old woman's crazy obsession for cats. Lucille and I have five, but you don't see me complaining!\" \" Oh, shut it, Harrison,\" the woman scolds her husband with a playful slap to his arm. Her voice is mock venomous but her eyes are absolutely shinning. Silver watches Hunter watch her documentary. She watches the way his eyes shine and the smile that grows across his face. Oh you poor dork, she thinks, you believe in love. A girl in a cheerleading outfit appears on the screen. \"Love is like the hottest, most popular girl in school dating the hottest most popular guy and then like getting married and getting rich and like buying a summer house in the Hamptons. Duh.\" \"I think I dated that girl once,\" Hunter muses aloud, laughing to himself. Silver rolls her eyes and Hunter keeps his glued to the screen. \" Love is about taking risks,\" says a young man in a black turtleneck and dark sunglasses. He's sipping espresso and has a book containing the greatest works of Shakespearean lying beside his steaming cup. \"Love is about finding a connection so deep that you're willing to put everything on the line to see it through. You know?\" \" Not really,\" Silver's voice floats through the speakers. \" Well, I could show you,\" the young man grins. \"How about I buy you coffee?\" \" Yeah, I'm seventeen, you pervert,\" Silver retorts. Silver quickly hits the stop button, almost afraid to see Hunter's reaction. \"Yeah, it isn't my best work,\" she spits out the first, most obvious truth, \"and it isn't finished. I've got about twelve more interviews to add in and look at the concept and what I have to work with─\" \"I envy you,\" Hunter says bluntly and Silver's taken aback for a moment. She turns to face him, a bit puzzled. \"I envy how you're so good at something you love to do and you get to pursue it. I wish I had that.\" \"Um, I know you're a jock and all, but you can't possibly be so slow you forgot what named you King Jock, right?\" Silver asks and Hunter guiltily looks away. \"Oh my god, the King Jock hates football!\" \"I don't hate football,\" Hunter is quick to correct. \"I like sports. It's fun when you're just hanging out or bored or have time to kill…\" \"But it isn't something you want to pursue,\" Silver nods understandingly. Hunter nods back. Frowning slightly, Silver gazes down at her fork of cake before offering it over to Hunter. He looks a bit hesitant, uncertain about Silver Silverberg holding point objects towards his mouth, but he still tentatively parts his lips and she feeds him a bite. They chew in silence, but then Hunter sees Silver's camera and easily takes it in his hands, pointing it at her. \"So what's love, Silver Silverberg?\" Hunter asks in the best professional voice he can muster. Silver laughs because they both know this won't be making the documentary and sways gently in her chair. \"Hmm, love is just some elaborate fantasy created by corporate suits looking to control a nation of consumer zombies to sell extremely overpriced pieces of stock paper with nauseating sentimental lies in fancy fonts.\" \"Wow,\" Hunter says, rather stunned. Silver tries to shield her face from the camera and Hunter zooms in on her, laughing with that signature sexy half-smile of his. \"Just…wow.\" \"Hey buddy, you asked,\" Silver says, reaching for her camera. \"C'mon, I wanna hear yours.\" \"Heh,\" he fakes a laugh and spins away from her, holding the camera way over her head and just out of her reach. \"I'd rather not, Silver.\" \"Aw, the little jock is shy,\" she teases and succeeds in slipping her camera out of his hands. Silver gives him a rough shove on the chest and Hunter clumsily tumbles onto her unmade bed. She bites excitedly on the tip of her tongue and redirects the camera. \"So New London's hometown hero, what is your personal definition of love?\" Hunter coyly rubs the back of his neck, looking up at Silver through his lashes. \"Really, Silver, how am I supposed to follow your magnificent performance?\" \"Aw, come on, I'll tell you what I told all those others,\" she mumbles distractedly, zooming up on his brilliant glassy eyes. \"Just…be real and say whatever comes to you.\" \"Love is…\" he starts seriously though his tight lipped expression soon dissolves with a chuckle. His discomfort is obvious in the way his arms are crossed over his chest though his eyes meet hers and his shoulders relax ever so slightly. \"Sure, it may take some people longer than others to figure it all out, but I think love is two people who just know ,\" he explains and the honesty in each and everyone one of his mannerisms is quite beautiful. Silver gasps, realizing, she's been holding her breathe the entire time. \"How do you just know , you ask?\" Hunter smiles for the camera. \"Well, it's not what you do for me or what everyone else says or what you can give me or even your qualities I like. It's just you and your presence that I care about and it overrides everything. It makes the sun shine brighter and everything taste better…and well, that's my love.\" \"And who's this shout-out to?\" she asks cynically, forgetting all about her camera and the film still rolling. \"Brooke or Christina Beardsley?\" Hunter laughs heartily and stands from the edge of her bed. Every step he takes forward, she stumbles further back. She collects herself and zooms in on those eyes of his and then the corner of his lips that pull back ever so slightly. \"Harrison and Lucille,\" Hunter smiles. \"Anything else, Miss Silverberg?\" \"Well,\" she starts, feeling a bit nervous and not knowing why. \"If anything, I want to know how many different Hallmark cards you had to read and how the hell you fit all of that mush into your jock-sized brain.\" \"I'm not stupid,\" he shakes his head, \"and I've never met my Lucille. Not yet anyways…\" \"I have something to show you,\" Silver suddenly says, racing over to her desk where sits her desktop computer and a clutter of other technological devices and miscellaneous cords. She looks so frantic and flustered; Hunter can't help but appreciate this rare side to her. She minimizes her editing program and the picture on her Desktop has Hunter feeling the crushing effects of nostalgia. It's four kids, two girls and two boys, not more than eight-years of age, sitting by the water just as the sun's about to set. The girls look as beautiful as always, sitting with arms linked. Brooke mid-laugh, mouth open and Silver sitting idly. It's the boys that are tummy-gripping, tear-producing laugh-worthy, so different compared to how they appear today. The picture shows Rodge trying to be tough with a crew-cut, missing every other tooth and Hunter with wild curly hair and a gap between his two front teeth. \"Wow, we were dorks,\" Hunter can't help, but comment. \"Pshh, you were the dork,\" Silver corrects, beaming. \" I was a rock star even back then.\" Hunter lets her have this one even as he shakes his head behind her. Silver opens a video saved to the Desktop and fasts forward a bit before hitting the play button. \" Phoebe, just trust me.\" There's this look on Hunter's face as he watches the footage Silver technically stole from Naoko North with good reason, of course. His eyebrows are sort of crooked, his forehead wrinkled and jaw completely dropped. The scene plays, all before their very eyes, the talking and the kissing and the dogs and Naoko and Silver coming in. Then it stops. And Hunter, eloquent Hunter with his impressive and breathtaking definition of love, cannot utter a word beyond, \"Wow.\" Author's note: Yeah, this story is long . Big thanks to itsi3 and musicisinmysoul who are like the only people reading this story. lol I'm so determined to get to the end of this story and it's all because of you. Thanks.[Chapter 17] Temporary Insanity Chapter 17: These Words, Those Secrets \" There's been a minor setback, D. The company just wants you, not the entire band.\" That's the single sentence that keeps him awake late at night. It isn't his current GPA after all the days of school he's missed this year. It isn't the ever-dreaded SATs which he thinks he'll be putting off till senior year. Instead, Dylan North stays up at night, thinking about those harsh words that shattered his happily ever after. He's become pretty good friends with Nate, the music producer and secret boyfriend of one Brooke Ferris. He really should be spending his free time in a library making up assignments and that's what he tells everyone he's doing, but when that bell rings and he sees Brooke Ferris out in the front parking lot, sporting a tight-lipped impatient expression, Dylan can't get off campus fast enough. He loves the studio. He loves how he's greeted with a smile every time he walks in through those giant double doors and how there's always his favorite cookies waiting for him. Most of all, he loves spending hours singing into a microphone that looks new and shiny, and being able to learn from the playbacks. He can leave all his problems at the door and just concentrate on the music. Not anymore though. Dylan's given a CD to Nate who then passed it along to the big bosses. They love his voice. They love his look. They imagine teenage girls eating up every word and falling in love with Dylan North. They don't, however, love the music in the background. The bass always sounds out of place and the drums need to be tighter. The guitar is descent, but they're just looking for a fuller, more professional and clean sound. Basically, they want him to drop the band. \"Hey stranger,\" a voice says from behind and he feels these fingernails rake down his spine. Dylan shutters and turns quickly to see a bubbly blonde wearing fishnets and an all-black studded belt. Her eyes are dark and smoky and her hair is up, exposing that collarbone that was once his kryptonite. \"Cecelia,\" Dylan says, attempting to be as cheery as her. He fails, however, quite miserably and she notices because that bright, carefree smile of hers noticeably dims. Leaning back against the lockers, Cecelia looks a bit worried and she has reason to. Sighing, Dylan sluggishly pulls open the door of his locker and there she sees it. She sees the Where's Fluffy? Button she gave him, the one with Evan E's autograph in Sharpie. His fingers curl around the cool plastic and with his hair all in his eyes, he turns to her. Dylan can already see the tears building behind her eyes. It breaks his heart because they were once so close. They were once two silly kids who'd run around town at three in the morning, hand-in-hand, him tagging every wall in sight and her giggling beside him. He remembers laughing for hours and smiling for days. \"I can't…have this,\" Dylan says slowly, extending his arm and showing her the pin. \"It was a gift, really,\" Cecelia tries to smile, but Dylan can see her pain. He can feel it radiating off her in waves. \"So I'll see around, right, D?\" \"No,\" Dylan disagrees, his hand falling to her shoulder. \"No, you won't.\" \"Oh,\" Cecelia says. Her voice cracking as she does. \"That's, um, cool too…\" \"Hey, c'mere,\" Dylan whispers soothingly, reeling her in with his one, working arm. He doesn't feel the tears on his chest because he knows her better than that. She won't cry. She doesn't cry. Not even in private, not even if she's dying on the inside. \"We're different now,\" he tells her what's always been right in front of them this entire time. \"Yeah,\" Cecelia chokes out in agreement and pulls back enough to stroke the curve of his cheek. \"You take care of yourself, alright, Lennon? I─I loved you.\" \"I loved you too,\" he smiles, uncurling her fingers and placing the pin in the palm of her hand. He squeezes her fist and brushes his lips across the skin of her forehead. \"You gonna be okay?\" \"Duh,\" she rolls those bright blue eyes, hinted with water. She's trying to hard to hold herself together, Dylan's heart aches for her. Cecelia delicately waves her fingers as she pulls away and walks off right out of his life. Dylan watches her back as she retreats down the hallway, her head hanging low as she does. Leaning back, Dylan notices that she doesn't look back. She doesn't chance one single glance back at him and that alone is reassurance that she'll be okay. She'll be just fine. He takes a deep breath. The air tastes of closure. \"Dude!\" a bellowing voice is accompanied by a hand slamming into the metal of the lockers at his back. It breaks Dylan free of his thoughts with a startled shutter. Rodge is looking up at him with his sharp jaw dropped and his light blue-almost gray eyes wide. \"Hey man,\" Dylan sighs, turning back to his locker. His thoughts are jumbled and he isn't too concerned with his homework, aimlessly shuffling and rustling loose papers. \"Listen Rodge, I'm not really in the mood…\" \"You just broke up with Cecelia McBride,\" Rodge states, bewildered and trying hard to conceal it. \"Granted, I didn't even know you two were official again but DUDE!\" Dylan sighs irritably. \"What do you want, Rodge?\" \"Teach me how to break up,\" Rodge says with all seriousness and if he wasn't so down at the moment, Dylan's sure he would have laughed. Slamming his locker shut, Dylan stares at Rodge as if he was a hobo on fire, before turning and walking off. \"Dylan, wait!\" \"It's easy, man,\" Dylan lies, feeling a low ache in his chest as he does. \"You just say 'hey, I wanna break up' and you stare and one of you will probably start crying or in Silver's case yelling and ─\" Dylan freezes when it hits him, a look of alarm on his face. \"Shit. You wanna break up with Silver?\" \"I can't do it anymore, Dylan,\" Rodge says softly, looking from left to right. \"I just can't .\" \"I don't know what to tell you, Rodge,\" Dylan sighs, pushing his bangs away from his eyes. \"Last I heard from Hunt, you and Silver made up after that stupid thing at Aldo's party.\" \"We did,\" Rodge confirms, \"which makes me feel even worse about breaking up with her because Silver hasn't even made up with Brooke yet. Dude, she puts me before her best friend. Is that an unintentional guilt trip or what?\" \"God, I don't have time for this,\" Dylan groans and slaps his hand against his forehead. \"Listen, I need to get home. I've been out every day after school and my mom's been asking questions.\" \"I'll drive,\" Rodge volunteers as he excitedly lifts his car keys with a Sailor Moon keychain dangling from the metal ring. Dylan never trusts Rodge behind the wheel, but it looks like he has no choice and nods despite his better judgment. They walk out to the front parking lot and Dylan cringes when he sees Brooke Ferris leaning back against the side of her boyfriend's SUV, talking loudly with William. Dylan slaps his hand against his forehead for the second time, feeling the odd need to rat on Brooke to Nate even if it's just talking that looks suspiciously like flirting. \"Damn, our Brookie and Mr. Prez, back together again?\" Rodge asks, sounding rather disapproving and protective towards the end. \"Man, I never got what she saw in him. I mean seriously, look at his pants.\" \"Dude, speak for yourself,\" Dylan laughs lightly, looking down at Rodge's dark skinny jeans in comparison to William's khaki pants that scream Banana Republic. Rodge grunts irritably and they draw closer, arriving just in time to see William beaming and Brooke softly giggling. \"Hey lovebirds, what up?!\" Rodge shouts across the way, which earning him a heated glare from their favorite cheery brunette. He leans in close to her, obviously finding enjoyment in the way William grows uncomfortable. \"So when's the wedding again?\" \"Late March, Plaza Hotel,\" Brooke answers through gritting teeth. A confused William looks to her and Brooke laughs, touching him lightly on the forearm. \"Relax, Willy, it's just a little inside joke between me and the boys.\" William looks ready to respond when Brooke cuts him off. \"So Dylan, you ready to go?\" \"I gotta skip out today, B,\" Dylan tells her despite his deep inner need to hang out at the studio and blow off some steam after getting yelled by yet another teacher and probably breaking a girl's heart. \"Rodge and I, uhh, have a project to work on.\" William eyes them warily. \"I didn't know you two have a class together…\" \"What? Just because I ain't in AB classes like your preppy ass you think you're better than me, huh, Beardsley?\" Rodge asks, all up in William's flabbergasted face. Dylan sighs and digs his fingers into the back of Rodge's v-neck, yanking him backwards. \"Simmer down, Rodger,\" Brooke warns, shooting him a look. \"And they're AP classes, idiot.\" \"You're totally missing the point, Brookie,\" Rodge says, arms crossed and lips poked out in a pout. \"Man, I'm bored just standing here. Are we heading out or what, D?\" \"Yeah,\" Dylan nods. \"Tell Nate I'm sorry.\" \"Nate?\" Brooke scowls, her hip jutted to the side and hand delicately perched there. \"I'm the one who had to drive all the way out here to pick you up and for nothing!\" \"Look at it this way,\" William interjects, smiling coyly. \"You got to see me.\" \"Yeah,\" Dylan laughs. \"Why don't you two talk about how Brooke was the last one in our room before that picture of you two disappeared?\" Brooke looks embarrassed. William is curious and Dylan laughs to himself as he walks off with Rodge. \"So you stole my picture, huh?\" Never has Brooke Ferris thought she'd be standing here and tackling this particular question. Sure she remembers slipping that photograph free from the frame and discretely stuffing it into her back pocket. She thinks about how it's under her pillow right now and how ashamed she feels about it. She wouldn't be surprised if her face is bright red at the moment. \"Well, considering I'm in the picture too, it's partly mine isn't it?\" Brooke asks, nervously swaying from side to side and picking at the material of her blouse. \"And you can't steal something that you're part owner of.\" \"Smart, Miss Ferris,\" William grins, sweaty hands stuffed in his pockets. \"Well, except for the whole admitting to taking the picture in the process of running me in circles.\" \"Did I now?\" Brooke bites her lip. \"Because, um, that was all hypothetical…\" \"Oh it was?\" Brooke nods surely. \"Yes. Yes, it was.\" William shakes his head, laughing softly. \"Whatever you say, Ferris…\" \"And you can't be all broken up about me repossessing a picture of us when you took about a million pictures of me at Aldo's birthday,\" Brooke brings up, knowing she has to share the embarrassment while this ship is already sinking. \"About that,\" William laughs nervously, rubbing his hand through the short strands of hair atop his head. \"I guess you're gonna make me come out and say it, huh? Well, here it goes…I miss you, Brooke Ferris.\" \"Aww, sweetie, I miss you too,\" Brooke frowns for a moment and William can't help the giddy feeling that blooms deep within him. That is, until Brooke goes on to add, \"They always say you can't be friends with an ex. Well, I'm glad we're different, Silly.\" She uses his old nickname she created and it stings even worse. \"Yeah,\" William starts, smiling despite the sadness behind his eyes. \"Friends…\" \"Listen, I need to head back to the studio,\" Brooke says, pointing at the SUV behind them. \"It's been nice talking these last couple of days. We should go out for ice cream some time and really catch up.\" \"Sounds great,\" William agrees a bit too quickly, seeing an in and diving at any chance to spend more time with the local music sensation. He watches as she gets into the SUV and starts up the engine. \"You drive safe, Cookie.\" \"Kinda hard seeing as you're the one who taught me how,\" Brooke jokes and gives him her best wink before leaving the parking lot and driving off down the street. William stares after her, more determined than ever before. --- If you could see that I'm the one who understands you Been here all along, so why can't you see? You belong with me, you belong with me \"What the hell are you listening to?\" Christina freezes, sitting at her desk, taking a break from homework and aimlessly searching the J. Crew website despite the lack of money in her debit account. The blonde cringes, recognizing that teasing voice and praying to God that he hasn't been standing there long, listening to her miserably drone along with the song. Now that's all sorts of embarrassing. \"Rodge,\" she greets him happily, turning to the door so her shiny blonde locks fly over one shoulder. Her smile is wide and eyes begging he doesn't come any closer. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Just, you know, hanging out with Dylan. His mom wanted to talk to him and I decided to give the two some space,\" Rodge answers, inviting himself into the room and hopping onto Christina's perfectly made bed appose to Phoebe's that's unmade and cluttered with books and clothes. \"Now, what'd you say this junk is?\" \"Her name's Taylor Swift and it isn't junk,\" Christina says strongly, turning up her nose. \"My bad, Princess,\" Rodge says, rather amused by her quick defensiveness. \"Man, I gotta get you listening to some real music. You've heard of Sublime, right? At the very least, you know like Blink, right?\" Christina shakes her head in a no. \"Wow,\" Rodge says, appalled. \"Tina, Blink 182? C'mon…\" Christina can't help the smile that creeps across her as Rodge sings softly. Look to the past And remember and smile And maybe tonight I can breathe for awhile I'm not in the scene I think I'm fallin' asleep But then all that it means is I'll always be dreaming of you For one, Christina's never heard him sing before and it makes her feel less idiotic when she had been doing the same a couple minutes ago. His voice is rough and she'd suspect he's tone deaf if he isn't such a natural with his bass. Despite his shaky singing, the glee in his eyes is the reason she's smiling right now. \"You've never heard it?\" \"Nope,\" Christina shakes her head, trying to fight off the smile that's made a home across her lips. \"But I do know why you're the bassist and not lead singer…\" \"Ouch, that really hurt, Tina,\" Rodge frowns and dramatically clutches his chest as if he's been shot or something. \"You really know how to go for the low blow, don't yah?\" \"I try,\" Christina says proudly, nervously twirling a finger in her hair. It grows awkwardly silent and the blonde turns back to her computer, choosing to look up random things on Wikipedia instead of addressing the sudden weirdness between them. \"So Tina, are you like…mad at me?\" \"No,\" Christina says quickly. \"What makes you think that?\" \"I don't know,\" Rodge says, obviously beating around the bush. \"You ignore me around school. You ignore me around here. You don't respond to my texts or answer my calls. I just wanna know what I did wrong.\" \"Nothing,\" Christina sighs. \"I just…what you said at Aldo's party…\" Rodge blinks. \"What did I say?\" Christina blinks too. \"That you think you're falling in love with me…you couldn't have possibly meant it. I mean, we've only been hanging out these past few weeks and─\" She's interrupted by Rodge's loud, boisterous laughter. \"Tina, ma, you're all upset over that? If I knew it'd lead to you ignoring me then I never would have said anything. You know, I thought that's what girls like to hear, keeps em' interested and all that.\" \"Aw, Rodge,\" Christina says, looking at the poor slump of a boy before her. \"Look, the only real relationship I've ever had was with Silver,\" Rodge explains, looking rather pained as he does so. \"And if you haven't noticed, Silver and I ain't exactly normal. I don't know exactly how this courting thing works. It was too soon, wasn't it?\" \"Too soon, yeah,\" Christina nods, thinking, maybe you should break up with your girlfriend before 'courting' another, but then is distracted by the fact that Rodge Montgomery used the word 'courting.' A bit frazzled, she mumbles on, \"um, way too soon…but you know what, I wouldn't mind hearing it…sometime in the future…\" Christina knows this is so awkward, but the way he's looking at her is entirely worth it. \"That sounds good,\" Rodge grins. \"Real good…\" They stare at each other a bit and Christina doesn't know if her heart has been beating this fast this whole time or it started when their eyes met. She's glad for the vast space between them because if he was right there, next to her, touching her, she doesn't know if she could stop herself from willingly becoming the other woman . \"Dude, this love thing is driving me nuts.\" Rodge jumps. He literally feels his muscles go into spasms at the sound of that voice, one he's heard a million times, tearing him to shreds one moment just to soothe the inflicted wounds the next in their bipolar liaison. He doesn't have to turn to the door to know. Instead he looks at Christina with panic. \"It's Silver.\" \"Crap! What's she doing here?\" Christina squeals and looks anxiously around the room. Rodge is on his feet, also looking around, but not knowing where to go. Both their eyes find the walk-in closet and Rodge runs over, flinging the door open and stuffing his lanky frame inside, closing the door behind him. \"No, really?\" Phoebe asks with an amused little smile. Both girls enter the room, dropping their books and bags at the door. Phoebe's dressed in her usual earthy tones and Silver with a black bandana tied around her neck, making her look like a bank robber during a stickup. Christina eyes this girl who's dragging her feet and groaning gloomily. She's built like a twig, not much muscle definition at all. Still, with her cerulean orbs outlined in thick, black eyeliner, her gaze is absolutely intimidating. She's Silver Silverberg. Christina's pretty sure the older girl could kick her ass. \"Hey Christina,\" Phoebe mumbles offhandedly, settling down on her bed with the spewed sheets hanging halfway off the mattress. \"H–hey,\" Christina stutters, anxious as she sits in front of her computer screen, tapping her fingers nervously against the keyboard. She feels Phoebe's presence behind her and instantly stiffens. Phoebe laughs, \"Why are you listening to Taylor Swift while reading about toothpaste on Wikipedia?\" Christina scrambles to turn off the music while stuttering a, \"I, um…\" \"She could have totally been looking up and even listening to worse,\" Silver pipes in, taking a look around the room shared by the two teenage opposites. \"Hi. I don't think we ever properly met. I'm Silver,\" the girl introduces herself, looking miserable, but trying to make the best of it. Christina seems a bit hesitant, looking at the girl's forced smile and those eyes, the epitome of intimidation. \"Christina,\" the cheerleader gives the most winning smile she can offer. \"Wow, someone's been working on those people skills, huh?\" Phoebe teases, slightly nudging Silver with her shoulder. Silver rolls her eyes and Christina loudly exhales, eyes shifting to the little closet from time to time. \"I feel obligated to be nice now because if I rip up this envelope and see that NYU doesn't want me , well, then I might go all Godzilla up in here,\" Silver sighs and falls back onto Phoebe's bed, fishing a white envelope from her purse. \"So are you ready, Pheebs?\" \"You got your letter? What are you waiting for? Open it!\" Christina gasps, eyes darting over to her older stepsister. She sees Phoebe sitting quietly on her bed, staring blankly at the white envelope in her hands. Christina recalls the countless nights of Phoebe tossing and turning, loudly asking if she's still awake and having to inevitably sit up, listening to the brunette go on and on about the possibilities of being accepted and being rejected. This single envelope Phoebe holds in her hands will either eliminate Christina's sleep deprivation or elevate it. \"Phoebe,\" Christina groans. \"Just open it.\" \"What if I didn't get in?\" Phoebe asks, her face looking paler than its usual colorless sheen. She's trying hard to keep her fingertips from shaking and there's a knot in her throat she's having a hard time keeping down. Looking downright scared, Phoebe's brown eyes dart over to her dark-haired friend, sitting idly at her side. \"Silver, you first…\" \"Hell no,\" Silver bluntly replies. \"You. That way, if you don't get in then I know to lie when I open mine.\" She looks to Christina and explains, \"The only reason I really applied was because Phoebe filled out half the application for me. She figured since her records are so much more impressive if she gets rejected then I'll probably get rejected then we'd be rejects together and binge on baked goods.\" \"Okay, shut up. I'm opening it,\" Phoebe says anxiously, ignoring everything besides the white envelope. She carefully tears through the tab and sees the folded paper within. In one swoop, she removes the letter and allows the ripped envelope to hit the floor. It's painfully quiet and everyone's on edge. Phoebe runs her fingers across the crisp paper, scared to death that the print will determine the next five years of her life. She unfolds the letter and her eyes dart from side to side. Both Silver and Christina know that face Phoebe's making. It's the same face she makes when she's with Dylan, all wrapped up in his arms. Silver recalls it from a certain video tape and Christina every time she walks into the room without knocking. Phoebe North is ecstatic. \"I…I got in.\" \"Like that's a surprise to anyone,\" Silver rolls her eyes and turns to her crumpled envelope. She carelessly tears the entire vertical side and slides out her own letter. \"Well, what do you know, I did too.\" \"Well, duh, just look at your last name,\" Phoebe jokes with a wide smile on her face and relief in her eyes. \"I think you getting expelled might have been the best thing you've ever done. Surely they wouldn't have taken two New London High kids.\" \"You're welcome,\" Silver nearly growls. She looks the furthest thing from happy, sucking in a deep breath and letting the air loudly rush from between her lips a moment later. \"So that's Yale, NYU and I'm still waiting on USC.\" \"You got into Yale and you're still waiting on other schools?\" Phoebe questions, still a bit shaken up from the news that she actually got into her dream school. \"Shouldn't it be a no-brainer?\" \"Well, New Haven is close to here and Rodge, but if I went to NYU I'd get to spend more time with my dad and be in the city, oh, and see you from time to time,\" Silver says, juggling her choices. \"And my sister lives like fifteen minutes away from USC and it's far which I kinda like and well, it's California.\" \"And what does Rodge think about California?\" Phoebe asks curiously. Silver rolls her eyes, a signature Silver sign of annoyance. \"Rodge freaked out over me getting into Yale and New Haven is like an hour away by car. What do you think he thinks about California?\" \"He should be proud of you,\" Phoebe says, always disapproving of the way Rodge treats her. She's sat by and watched the two in this horrible, masochistic relationship and she's honestly getting sick of it. \"You know how Rodge is,\" Silver tries to reason. \"Selfish?\" Phoebe goes on. \"He treats you like crap, Silver, and you just keep going right back to him. What kind of relationship is that? You're Silver. You don't take shit from anyone. We aren't living in the 50s. You aren't Mrs. Cleaver and you shouldn't have to be. Rodge is the one who needs to step up and start respecting you.\" Silver's eyes are defensive, gleaming slits. \"Like you're one to talk about relationships…\" Oh hell. Christina cringes. Phoebe appears livid. \"What did you say?\" \"You heard me,\" Silver nods back. \"What are Rodge's plans for after college?\" All eyes turn to Christina who appears frantic, hoping the other two girls conclude that she's trying to prevent a fight, not anxious about what's hiding in the closet. Phoebe turns to Silver, eagerly awaiting an answer and Silver crosses her arms over her chest in a defensive stance. \"To be honest, I have no earthly idea,\" Silver confesses with a deep sigh, eyes on the ground and a foot fidgeting against the wooden panels of the floor. \"I don't know…I just…I feel so disconnected from him these days…\" \"Dump him,\" Phoebe snorts and two sets of eyes find the brunette who can only shrug. \"Be serious, Silver, you cannot tell me the thought hasn't crossed your mind.\" \"Bitch much?\" the dark-haired senior scowls. \"Do you love him?\" Phoebe quizzes. \"Of course, I do.\" \"Of course you do what?\" a familiar voice asks from the door. It seems the Beardsley-North lighthouse is the cool place to be seeing as King Jock, Hunter Montgomery lingering at the door, looking like a Greek god complete with that Herculean grin. \"Aw, am I interrupting the girl talk?\" \"Oh, thank god,\" Christina brightens. \"Hunt, these two were ready to kill each other.\" \"Then I'll be leaving,\" Hunter says quickly, too smart to get involved. \"Wait,\" Phoebe smiles pleasantly and waves him over. She shifts and creates a Hunter-size space between her and Silver on her bed. \"You are, after all, one of us. Sit. Talk. Convince Silver your brother's a douche.\" \"Not something I like to admit,\" Hunter says with mock shame in his voice. He slumps between the two girls, an arm hanging around Phoebe's shoulders and adorably strains his eyes, looking over at Christina. \"Ooh, toothpaste, how exciting.\" The corner of her lips twitch as Phoebe notes the way Silver has strangely gone quiet. She's seated towards the foot of Phoebe's bed, sitting straight, knees angled away from Hunter. Despite her stiff, distant demeanor, she keeps sneaking Hunter these odd looks and the jock having some telepathic conversation with Christina remains oblivious. \"So Hunt,\" Phoebe calls out. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I jogged here. It's only about a mile and a half from the school,\" Hunter explains, showing no sign of labored breathing and hasn't even broken a sweat. \"I'm actually looking for–\" L.O.V.E, it's a mystery Where you'll find me, where you'll find All is Love, is love, is love, is love They all love how the room is silent and they all just quietly listened to the music pumping from Hunter's cell phone, signaling a text message. Amiable smiles floated over formerly tense faces and heads swayed from side to side. Phoebe and Silver groan simultaneously when the song abruptly stops and Hunter puts his hands up in defense. \"I'm going to college on scholarship. You think I could afford the whole song? Pshh,\" Hunter says, flipping open his old, crappy little cell phone held together by duct tape and almost choking on nothing when reading the text. Finding his reaction odd, Phoebe interrogates. \"Who is it?\" \"I, um, no one,\" Hunter says, quickly deleted the text and snapping his phone closed. \"Um, how about we go find Dylan? You, um, think he's in the basement…maybe?\" \"You're being weird,\" Phoebe says bluntly. \"That's a great idea!\" Christina pipes in, almost too enthusiastically. Phoebe's eyes move from Silver who hasn't said a word since Hunter walked in, to Christina who's oddly fervent and is researching toothpaste then finally to Hunter who seems absolutely shaken after a single ring of his cell. \"You're all being weird,\" Phoebe accuses, eyeing each and every one of them. \"C'mon, Phoebe, I'm betting your mom wants to hear about NYU,\" Christina pushes, unable to keep her fidgeting leg still. They all watch as Hunter's face brightens and he immediately scoops Phoebe into his arms, parading around with loud whooping sounds. \"Congrats, Pheebs!\" he squeezes her tight, looking so proud. \"That's sick as fuck.\" \"Thank you…I think,\" Phoebe says calmly despite the buzzing feeling coursing through her being. Her eyes dart to her dark-haired friend who's probably still pissed off that Phoebe called her out on her bullshit relationship. \"Oh, Silver got in too.\" Hunter turns to her, but ever guarded Silver appears even more so than usual, wears this look that warns him not to come near her. Hunter can take a hint and weaves his fingers through his gentle curls, grinning nonetheless. \"First Yale and now NYU? Damn, Silver.\" \"It's whatever,\" Silver shrugs, \"but, um, yeah, Pheebs. You should really tell Helen.\" Again, the suspicion captures Phoebe's face. \"Okay, why do I feel like all of you are trying to get me out of the room?\" \"Because we are,\" Silver says frankly with a forced smile. Phoebe mumbles something beneath her breath and then takes off out the door, acceptance letter in hand. That leaves Hunter and the two girls awkwardly sitting there. Silver finally looks at him, so hesitant and maybe even afraid. \"Hunt, can we, um, talk?\" His face shows confusion. \"Now?\" \"Now,\" Silver nods. \"Out in the hall?\" \"Alright,\" he cautiously agrees. Silver bounces from her corner seat on Phoebe's bed and heads for the door. Before following, Hunter allows his eyes to linger on the closed closet door before finding Christina. \"Good luck with the research .\" \"Thanks,\" Christina gulps, looking straight into his knowing eyes. \"You too.\" --- \"Oh, feeding this bull to Frank is one thing, but me, really, Dylan?\" He sits across the table in his mother's workroom, avoiding stray pins and needles. A table piled high with different fabrics, yards and yards of fuchsias and goldenrods sit between them. Helen North-Beardsley has this glint in her eyes, the warning that she knows he has a secret that she'll eventually wheedle out of him in no time. Sighing, Dylan stretches out his arms and straightens in his seat. \"What do you think is going on, mom?\" \"I don't know why you insist on playing these games, Dylan,\" Helen says with a hint of a smirk. Of course, she knows. After all, they are one in the same. Leaning in ever so slightly, so curious, she asks, \"Are you dating Brooke Ferris?\" He wants to burst out in laughter at the accusation, but manages a low groan instead. \"Ma, are you kidding? She's smarter than that.\" \"A few little birdies–\" Joni and/or Naoko, he already knows, \"–have reportedly seen Miss Ferris waiting outside the school and picking you up when you're supposedly doing homework in the library. Confirm or deny?\" There's no malice in her voice. If anything, it's the anticipation of being right. \"Confirm,\" Dylan cringes, but is quick to diffuse the bomb. \"But it isn't how it seems!\" \"It better not be, especially after the girl apparently spent the night in the basement last week,\" Helen is sure to point out. She doesn't usually mind if friends spend the night. Hell, with that many kids confined to a house, noticing additional occupants is like playing where's Waldo? \"You need to be careful, Dylan. She's William's ex-girlfriend.\" \"Ma, no, eww,\" he says with disgust. He scratches the back of his head and strains his eyes to read that expression on her face. \"We are talking about Brooke, right? Brooke Ferris? Really, mom? I mean, yeah, I've been spending time with Brooke, but not just Brooke…Nate too. He's a, um, producer.\" He waits for her disapproval and with that glint in her eyes, Helen doesn't disappoint. \"Dylan, you know the rules…\" \"School before music,\" he dully repeats, rolling his eyes. Helen may encourage her children to make their own choices, but attending school may have been the one, only exception. \"Let's face it, mom, school isn't my thing. Now Nate said–\" \"Dylan, what did your father say?\" This is the part where his stomach twists in knots and he feels a little queasy. He thinks of Peter North, the only father he's ever known, a music protégée himself and the ten years of teaching Environmental Science to third graders that made up his reputation. Besides being an avid believer in the power of music, he was definitely a pusher when it came to education. And Dylan, on the other hand, sees no point in the educational system, the focal point of their few yet typical arguments. \"He'd tell me to at least graduate high school,\" Dylan admits, pushing his fingers through the bangs that cover his forehead, bringing the chocolate strands to stand on ends. He's frustrated and she's basking in the knowledge that she already won this one. \"And what would your father think?\" With what Dylan knows, what's going on behind the backs of majority of the household, he allows his mind to wander. What would Peter North think of his oldest daughter and his oldest adopted son doing what they're doing? How would he react? The answers scares even bad boy Dylan North. Before Dylan has the chance to respond, Phoebe comes sprinting in and Dylan instantly straightens in his seat. His heart starts racing and confusion takes over when he realizes Phoebe doesn't even notice he's in the room. She goes straight to Helen, bouncing on the balls of her feet, waving a piece of paper in her grasp. There are three words that would make him blindly follow her through the snow on bare feet, but she doesn't say them. Actually, the three words she utters have the exact opposite effect and Dylan feels that queasiness return. \"I got in!\" Author's note: Thanks to everyone who's been reading and reviewing! Please bear with me. I just moved and I'm still getting settled and haven't had much time to spend online. What do you think so far? What do you think about Rodge/Silver/Christina? Does he really care about either of them or is he just a douche? Will Phoebe's college plans strain her secret relationship with Dylan? Should the rest of the family find out? Until next time...[Chapter 18] Temporary Insanity Chapter 18: Honestly Falling to Pieces \"Rodge, you can come out now.\" He hears Christina whisper, but he doesn't come out of hiding. Crouched down in the corner of the girls' closet, Rodge has his arms resting on his bent knees and his back pressed to the wall. He's uncomfortably sitting on what he can only assume are shoes and the bottoms of coats and jackets drape over his shoulders. He's shrouded in darkness and his mind is racing. \" He should be proud of you…\" \" You know how Rodge is…\" \" Selfish? He treats you like crap, Silver, and you just keep going right back to him. What kind of relationship is that?\" \" Do you love him?\" \" Of course, I do.\" Rodge just can't seem to get Phoebe and Silver's battling voices to leave his head. With the thin walls, he heard every single word. He heard Phoebe verbally castrating him and Silver trying to defend him when she obviously knew the truth backed ever single word Phoebe spoke. It was a real eye-opener and now Rodge knows exactly what he has to do. He gets up and marches out, ignoring the way his eyes sting when he leaves the comforting darkness and walks out into the room where the sun filters in through the window at the far end of the room. He sees Christina with a look of relief on her face, but he can't stop. He knows she's only going to try to talk him out of what his impulses are tell him has to happen. Thundering down the stairs, Rodge pays no attention to the weary man, sifting through a stack of mail and the little housekeeper woman trying to appear sober. He's searching for his girlfriend and sadly, it isn't something that happens very often. About to turn a corner, Rodge hears her familiar, absolutely musical laugh and stops in his tracks. He sees that she's trying to be serious, but then there's Hunter who's smiling and swaying from side to side, having this almost childlike innocence to him. It's hard not to feel carefree in Hunter's presence and it seems Silver's finally taken notice. Sadly, Rodge is about to ruin all of that. He walks in and suddenly his throat's gone dry and his hands grown clammy. He flexes his fingers and tries to stand as tall as possible. He keeps his head up. He's going to do this. He needs to do this before he loses the fire that's been sparked by his eavesdropping upstairs. \"Hey you!\" Silver shouts, being the first to notice his presence. She runs up to him, continuing to smile so bright, trying to kiss him. Rodge resists and turns slightly so she barely catches the corner of his lips. Her smile fades. Damn, already she's catching on. \"Something wrong?\" \"Can we talk outside?\" he asks, hooking his finger into the collar of his v-neck and peeling the cotton material away from his hot skin. \"You wanna go get some air?\" \"Sure,\" Silver says, her cheery voice fading into one of doubt. \"But wait–\" she lifts her camera and focuses the lens on his solemn face, \"–you never gave me your love.\" Ambiguity is a coldhearted bitch. \"Not now, Silver,\" Rodge says, placing his hand over hers and pushing the camera away from his face. Now Silver looks absolutely perplexed and Rodge simply takes her hand and leads her out onto the front porch. He snaps for her to turn off the camera for once and Silver frowns, questioning why he's being so moody. \"We've been putting this off for a while now,\" Rodge sighs, not knowing how to express what he's feeling in words. He looks her in the eyes and already his face screams heartache. \"Silver, I don't think this is working…\" \"You're breaking up with me?\" Good ol' Silver gets right to the point. \"Don't look so surprised. Let's face it. What we got ain't no relationship. It's a joke.\" Rodge almost laughs, but he catches himself, swallowing and forcing it back down. He reaches for her hand and their fingers brush, but she refuses any contact with him at all. Her eyes are practically praying for him to reconsider and he can hardly look at her. \"Rodge, no, you can't,\" she says frantically. Finally he's able to see what he's made her into, this desperate creature before him. This isn't Silver Silverberg who's known for being strong and stubborn and surely does not resort to begging. Rodge realizes that he's the reason she's like this and he's disgusted with himself. \"If we stay together we're going to be miserable,\" Rodge tells her calmly. \"I'm going to keep you from all these big dreams you've got and that's no way to live, S. You'll be with me in this godforsaken town and you'll hate me for holding you back and you'll hate yourself for letting me. I can't sit by and watch this happen, Silver. I'm walking.\" Despite his monologue, she looks ready to get down on her knees. Rodge refuses to see that. \"Rodge, I'm sure if we–\" \"I cheated on you,\" he says painfully and sees Silver flinch the second he says it. \"Sil–\" Slap. It's amazing how quickly she reverted to that badass everyone knows and loves. Silver hits him so hard he curses aloud and the footsteps that echo through the old lighthouse let the two know that they'll soon have an audience. Silver's too blinded by her rage and Rodge is too busy thinking about the way his cheek is throbbing. He tries to say her name again, but Silver throws a punch and strikes him across the face. \"Christ, Silver, that hurt!\" \"And you don't think I'm hurting?\" she demands, absolutely livid. \"How many, Rodge?\" Forget compassion. He's pissed. \"What the fuck are you talking about?\" \"How many sluts did you fucking cheat on me with? Do I know any of them?\" \"No, you wouldn't know any of them. Apparently, Silver Silverberg is too good to hang with us common folk,\" Rodge growls, sure he's has a red imprint of her hand against his cheek. \"I'm so sick of your high and mighty shit when it comes to Devin and our friends.\" \"Well, apparently, my opinion doesn't matter anymore.\" Silver turns up her nose, arms folded tight over her chest. \"Go. I hope you and your little boyfriend and your harlots live happily fucking ever after, you bastard.\" \"Fine.\" \"Fine.\" \"And as long as we're being honesty here, Silver, really, the only reason I even asked you out in the first place is my dad,\" Rodge says with a laugh that sends a chill down her spine. She's never heard such bitterness from him before. He forces his eyes on hers, but Silver refuses, knowing she won't enjoy this. Still, she butts back. \"What are you talking about, Rodge?\" \"Middle school. Brooke was already a cheerleader and you'd hang around practice. Good ol' dad could see that Hunter liked you and of course, in that fucked up mentality of his, a girl would surely jeopardize Hunt's precious football career so he basically asked me to be a human fucking cockblock,\" Rodge explains. \"And in my pathetic need to please daddy, I did it. I asked you out.\" His agreement to do this is also the reason Rodge gets away with so much. His parents ignored his horrible grades, his rude attitude towards everything and even every other weekend where Hunter has to drag Rodge home at three in the morning, loud and drunk. As long as he's doing his job and keeping Hunter away from Silver then basically he has the freedom to do whatever he wants. \"That's despicable,\" Silver spits, emerging from that shell known as Rodge's girlfriend. She moves forward, getting up in his face with eyes turned to slits of fury. \"Our relationship was only a joke because that's what you made it. I cannot believe I wasted the last five years on you .\" Rodge laughs, \"that makes two of us, babe.\" She turns away, blinking back tears. \"God, Rodge, I can't even look at you right now.\" He doesn't know what to say. Even if he did, Silver doesn't look like she wants to hear it. She doesn't even stay to hear it. It doesn't seem to matter that she's left her precious camera and even her acceptance letter into NYU. With her car keys in her pocket, Silver marches from the porch to her car, gets in and drives off without so much as a goodbye or a last glance. Rodge slams his back into the side of the house and slides down to the ground. Absolutely seething, he replays the last five minutes in his head. That did not go how he originally planned. He planned to be compassionate and apologetic, but the moment she slapped him it's just like every other fight they've gotten into. He just snaps and it's as if he loses all control. Now she's off somewhere, driving and probably blinded by her anger and her pain. There are about a million different things he would change about the way that conversation played out, but it's too late. There's no going back now. Rodge brings out his cell phone and scrolls down his list of contacts. It isn't a name he calls often especially these days. He lazily holds the phone to his ear as it rings, still a bit dazed and in shock that he's finally ripped off that band-aid. Inwardly, he's conflicted. He feels lighter yet empty and relieved, but horrible all at the same time. \"Why are you calling me?\" the voice on the other end of the line demands. \"It's done,\" he breathes shakily. \"Silver and me…it's over.\" The line goes dead and Rodge lets his hand fall at his side. \"You did it.\" Rodge turns and sees Phoebe North looking down on him, one hand on her hip and such accusing eyes. He can't even stand to look at her, eyes falling to the scuffmarks of her sneakers instead. \"Happy, now?\" Rodge snaps even though he knows it isn't fair to take his anger out on her. He gets up and stuffs his phone into his pocket, approaching the brunette like an animal ready to pounce. \"No more Rodge to treat her like crap and turn her into Mrs. Cleaver.\" Phoebe eyes him skeptically. \"Where did you hear–\" \"It doesn't matter. I'm out,\" he spits venomously and starts down the steps of the porch. He stops abruptly and spins on the balls of his feet, finding Phoebe once more. \"And by the way, if you're still going with this battle of the bands gig, you might want to find yourself another bassist. Consider this my two weeks notice.\" \"Rodge!\" In his signature Rodge Montgomery way, he doesn't react to her shouting at his back. He simply throws up a crooked peace sight behind his head, jumps into his Jeep and drives off. Phoebe is left standing there, huffing and puffing, a bit glad that Rodge is gone, but also a little fearful of the prospects of the band falling apart. Phoebe turns away once Rodge's Jeep completely disappears and violently shoves the screen door open, listening as it slams after her. Right when she walks in, she sees Dylan, Hunter and Christina waiting there with hungry eyes. They're exactly where she left them, with their ears pressed to the slightly cracked side window, trying to make sense of all the commotion. Phoebe sighs, throwing both hands into the air. \"They're gone. Both of them.\" \"Did he really mean what he said?\" Dylan asks anxiously. \"Rodge just quit the band?\" \"Dylan, I'm seriously more concerned about Silver right now,\" Phoebe says and everyone's surprised. This coming from the girl whose number one priority lately (besides keeping her relationship with Dylan a secret) is the band. \"Relax, Pheebs,\" Dylan whispers, resisting the urge to take her hand in the presence of Hunter. \"Silver isn't stupid. She isn't one of those girls that do drastic things when a guy breaks up with her.\" Dylan flashes back to when Phoebe and Jason broke up and she was high on Insomnia and it lead to them nearly ripping each other's throats out over sheet music just as the sun was coming up. Their eyes meet and from the look she's giving him, Dylan's almost completely sure they're thinking of the same thing. He's so going to get it later tonight. Hunter clears his throat, almost uncomfortably. \"I should get home and check on Rodge.\" \"My money says he isn't there. You'd have better luck checking Devin's or even the closest liquor store,\" Phoebe says with the roll of her eyes. \"And you don't know Silver won't do anything drastic. Rodge was her first boyfriend…her first everything. With their history and everything they've been through…she must be hurting.\" \"And you don't have a car, Hunt,\" Christina's sure to point out. \"You can take mine as long as you take care of her,\" Dylan suggests, plucking a set of keys from the key holder at the door. \"She isn't much and you should avoid major hills, but she'll get you home.\" \"Why do guys insist their cars are girls?\" Phoebe curiously inquires. \"Because they are,\" Dylan laughs, exchanging knowing looks with Hunter. \"I'm just as worried about Silver and Rodge, but I'm supposed to be grounded and I fear the wrath of mom way too much to chance it these days.\" \"Frank is paying me to tutor Harry in math,\" Phoebe explains, looking rather reluctant, \"but I can totally ditch it and go look for Silver with you.\" \"No, you could use the money especially with NYU in your future. Seriously, don't let the drama between those two stop you from celebrating,\" Hunter smiles that smile that just seems to brighten the entire room. \"I've got this. I've been playing mediator between those two for years now.\" Hunter says his goodbyes, hugs and kisses on the cheeks for Phoebe and Christina and a manly half-hug for the punk with the broken arm. The jock walks out with one last smile and Dylan goes with him, having to teach Hunter the way he needs to jiggle the key just right to get the car to start. It leaves Phoebe and Christina sharing a couch in silence. \"Now you've seen the real Rodge,\" Phoebe says, turning to Christina who's staring pensively across the room. \"What do you think?\" \"Honestly,\" Christina starts, wiping at her eyes, \"I don't know what to think. He cheated on her and something tells me he wasn't talking emotionally cheating with me which means there was some other girl.\" \"As long as we're being honest,\" Phoebe sighs, shifting slightly closer to her stepsister. \"There were probably more than one other girl. Christina, all those times we told you to stay away from Rodge it wasn't just out of respect for Silver. Rodge hurts girls and we didn't want you to be one of them.\" Christina tries to smile and fails. \"A little too late, don't you think?\" She curls her legs beneath her and hugs the nearest throw pillow. \"When we were eavesdropping…did you hear him? There was no consideration, Phoebe. No sympathy. He just exploded in her face. I don't even know who that was. All this time I've been defending a stranger.\" Phoebe frowns, linking her arm around Christina's neck and pulling her close. Christina went from foot-in-door to door-in-face over the course of a conversation she didn't even have a voice in. It seems everyone's just falling to pieces today. \"Do you think Rodge knew what he was talking about or just pulling shit out of his ass?\" Phoebe wonders aloud, rocking slightly as a means of comfort. \"Hmm,\" Christina takes a moment to think. \"You mean about Hunter liking Silver?\" \"Yeah,\" Phoebe quietly replies. \"I mean, I've never really looked for it…\" \"If he does, that's one twisted love triangle,\" Christina shakes her head. \"Don't you mean love square?\" Phoebe asks, knocking into the blonde with her shoulders. Fighting a smile, Christina bumps right back into her and the two girls share a laugh. As desperate as Christina is to crawl out, the Rodge-shaped hole she's dug is just too deep. … Hunter knows exactly where to find her and that kind of scares him. His first instinct was to race home and bitch at his father. It's still hard for Hunter to wrap his head around the fact that his father's been using Rodge this entire time, coxing him into some fake, masochistic relationship with one of their friends just to guarantee there would be nothing to distract Hunter from football. It's vile and manipulative and wrong. It makes him sick, finally putting the pieces together and seeing the truth. Hunter wants to tell his dad there's no way he's even considering Penn State anymore. He wants to find Rodge and apologize. He feels bad that his brother, who always appears so indifferent and uncaring, has actually been suffering through an obviously dying relationship just to keep up a stupid promise made to their father. Instead of all that, Hunter goes on a search for Silver, the innocent one in this entire situation. Hunter can't imagine what's going through her head at the moment. She's just been told that the last five years of her life was a complete lie. Hunter knows it isn't entirely true. He knows for a fact that Rodge cares about her to a certain extent, but probably not as much as Silver had thought he did. Dylan's Mustang clunks and growls as Hunter speeds down the dusty streets. He struggles to keep control and not fly off the cliff, anxious to get to where he's going. The sun has just set a little less than an hour ago. It's a dark night, the sky being overcast, clouds completely shielding the moon. The streetlights are dim and the headlights of Dylan's Mustang are even worse. His destination is another place, besides the old church and the lighthouse, which the kids born and raised in New London would claim as their playgrounds. The Ferris' driver would always take them every weekend when they were young. Once they hit middle school, the place went out of business and it became the coolest local party scene for a good couple years. It's also Silver's hideaway. Hunter isn't surprised to find the chains on the rusted gate, thrown off and a Silver Mercedes in the distance. He slowly drives into what was once a drive-in movie theatre and now appears to be a ghost town. The giant screens are still up, but are now practically falling apart and covered with graffiti. He shuts off the engine and pushes his door open, walking out into the warm Connecticut evening. Just as he thought, there's Silver, sitting on the hood of her car and staring out at the dark sky. Her fingers are loosely wrapped around a glass bottle in a paper bag and there's already one that's been carelessly tossed to the ground in shattered pieces across the concrete. It's impossible for her to not be aware of his presence, but she doesn't even react as he shuffles closer. Hunter hasn't really thought this far into his plan. He figured the hard part would be finding her, but now that he has won this little game of 'Where's Silver,' the hard part seems to be talking to her. He has no idea what to say. \"The world wins,\" Silver slurs and Hunter's pretty sure she isn't talking to him, but just talking aloud. It's more than obvious she's had more than a little to drink. \"The world refuses me happiness and now I'm not happy. Ha. The world wins.\" \"How insightful of you,\" Hunter blurts out with little thought. He pushes himself up to sit on the hood beside her and Silver's glazed eyes slowly dart over to him, staring as if it's taking her a while to take in his appearance. \"Don't try to be cute,\" she warns, shaking a finger at him. Well, it seems she meant to simply point at him, but with the way she's slightly swaying she might as well be shaking a finger at him. Hunter smiles pleasantly. \"Who's trying?\" \"Don't try to flirt with me either,\" she cautions him, eyes shifty and suspicious. \"I'm not flirting,\" Hunter laughs. \"I'm just trying to make you feel better.\" \"How am I supposed to feel better?\" Silver groans miserably, shoulders slumping and ready for another sip. \"My boyfriend of five years dumped me.\" \"Yeah, I'm not going to lie. That hardcore sucks,\" Hunter sympathizes, scratching the back of his head. Silver groans irritably and takes another sip that's more like a gulp. She then extends the bottle to him and Hunter waves her off, but Silver only stares at him longer. \"Seriously, Hunt, you're going to make me drink alone?\" He sighs and takes the heavy glass bottle, lifting it to his lips. Vodka. He could have guessed. \"That's disgusting.\" Hunter's face wrinkles and he wipes his lips against his bare arm. Silver only rolls her eyes and reclaims her bottle, taking another sip. Hunter leans back with his spine stretched across the glass, arms outstretched. \"How long have you been out here?\" \"Dunno,\" she replies, barely coherent. \"I got dumped.\" \"You're not dying,\" Hunter tells her, his finger drawing random patterns across her windshield. Silver falls back to imitate Hunter's relaxed, sprawled out form, the back of her neck rested on his forearm. She turns onto her side so she's facing him and their eyes meet. \"You have pretty eyes,\" she says with conviction and it makes him smile. \"They don't remind me of Rodge's at all. You two really are the worst twins ever.\" At the mention of his brother, Hunter has to look away. For some strange reason, he almost feels like he's betraying his brother, chasing after Silver like this, being with her now when he should be supporting his brother. \"Why are you upset?\" Silver asks quizzically, awkwardly reaching out to Hunter, but forgetting that she already has her bottle in her hand. \"Hunt, you have no right to be upset. I just got dumped.\" \"Yes, you've told me. Three times now,\" Hunter sighs, looking upward and wishing he could see stars. \"Silver, I'm sorry. My dad and my brother…\" \"You have nothing to apologize for, idiot.\" Silver almost laughs, but instead takes another sip of her cheap booze. \"It's not your fault that your dad is a psychopath and your brother is a douche bag.\" \"Still, I want you to know that I had no idea…\" \"Is it true?\" she asks, leaning into him. \"Like you said, my dad's a psychopath,\" Hunter scowls, angered at the very thought of his father who's been controlling him more than he originally thought. \"I wouldn't doubt he'd cook up some crack plan like that.\" \"Noooo,\" she slurs, letting the bottle in her hands slip from her fingers and shatter against the floor. She rests her hand on his shoulder and Hunter nearly jumps away. \"Did you like me?\" Hunter wishes they still had that bottle. \"Pshh, it was the seventh grade, Silver. We were thirteen-years-old,\" Hunter tries to laugh off the awkwardness and the lowering of inhibitions that accompanies alcohol. \"Yeah, I liked you, but, I mean, I liked B too. I wasn't too picky back then.\" \"Oh,\" she mumbles quite sadly, but recovers quickly. \"So are you really gonna marry Brooke?\" Hunter shrugs, chuckling at the very thought. \"Twenty years is a long time from now.\" \"I don't think she's your Lucille,\" Silver admits, trying to shake her head, but his arm is in the way. Hunter waits for her to continue, but Silver lets her heavy eyelids fall and sighs loudly. \"Well, I think it's time to get you home,\" Hunter says quietly. He tries to sit up, but Silver just won't budge. He carefully scoops her up in his arms, one strong arm supporting her back and the other hooked behind her kneecaps. He gets her into the passenger seat of Dylan's Mustang, struggling only with getting the door open and takes off once he's sure her Mercedes is securely locked. Silver keeps her eyes closed for majority of the drive back to her house and Hunter doesn't know if she's faking it or has finally passed out. He tries to keep the ride as smooth as possible, but with Dylan's Mustang that proves to be a challenge. When he reaches her gigantic house and sees how every single light is off, Hunter feels kind of bad, leaving a brokenhearted girl all alone in a gigantic house. Still, he knows he can't stay even if he ends up sleeping on her floor or even in one of the many other empty rooms. When friends break up, you aren't supposed to choose sides. You be Sweden and stay neutral. When the two friends who've just broken up happen to be your brother and your old crush, things are even harder. \"Silver, we're here,\" he whispers gently, shaking her to wake up. She groans and her face scrunches up and Hunter would never admit it, but he's rather amused. His knuckles brush her cheek as he tucks her dark strands behind her ear and gets a better view of her pretty face. \"Silver, you think you can make it to the door?\" \"Hmm, I can almost taste you,\" Silver says quietly, keeping her eyes shut tight. Hunter jerks away from her as if he's been shocked just by the sound of her voice. \"Do you think things would have turned out different?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"If you asked me out first…just know I would have said yes,\" Silver says in that slurred way of talking she's adopted. She says it as if she simply can't keep the statement to herself and Hunter's frozen in his seat. \"I think things would have been real different.\" \"Silver,\" he whispers her name. She opens her cerulean eyes that are oh so tired and oh so bloodshot. She looks exhausted and though he doesn't say more, there's something about the way he's looking at her. It's something like don't tell anyone because you're my brother's ex-girlfriend. More like, don't tell anyone, but I still like you. She leans in closer, but she doesn't kiss him. A fist against the window breaks the spell. \"Brooke,\" Hunter breathes and gladly gets out of the car. Silver only groans loudly and leans back against the headrest, shutting her eyes once more. Hunter runs his fingers through his hair and rounds the front of the car, embracing the brunette in a hug that doesn't last long. \"Hold on, hubby, were you just about to take advantage of my very vulnerable and very drunk best friend in Dylan's car?\" Brooke interrogates. \"Oh, the wedding is so off.\" \"Did you just refer to Silver Silverberg as your best friend again?\" \"She may be a bitch, but no one should go through a breakup alone,\" Brooke recites a proverb from the Brooke Ferris' Guide to Life. That's one of the many things Hunter Montgomery loves about Brooke Ferris. She may get easily pissed off, but when needed, Brooke will always be there. \"So what happened exactly?\" \"Shit went down,\" Hunter sighs, leaning against the grill of the car. He looks to the sky, so lost and confused, Brooke can't help, but let her curiosity get the best of her. She sits up on the hood and Hunter recounts the events of the day, everything from Rodge hiding in Christina and Phoebe's closet to finding Silver at the drive-in. \"Rodge is fine. He's passed out on my living room floor,\" Brooke explains, remember how he'd called her right after the breakup and how he started drinking around the same time she started putting on her make-up. By the time Brooke was out the door, Rodge was already on the floor. \"Typical Rodge,\" Hunter scoffs, really having no idea what he's going to do with his brother. Before he can deal with Rodge, he has to tackle the obstacle of the girl passed out in the passenger seat. \"So you ready to trade off?\" \"You make it sound like comforting our heartbroken friend is a job or something,\" Brooke says, shaking her head in mock shame. \"She scares you, doesn't she?\" \"Less than Phoebe, more than you,\" Hunter says playfully. \"What? She's Silver. Why would she scare me?\" \"Because she isn't just Silver anymore, Hunt. She's single Silver and five seconds ago she was not just single Silver, but drunken single Silver,\" Brooke smirks knowingly, swaying from side to side. \"Aw, is the temptation too much for you, sweetie?\" \"What? Brooke, Silver isn't even an option,\" Hunter says strongly, shaking his head and Brooke can't help, but feel a little bit disappointed. \"I'll, uhh, I'll help you get her upstairs.\" \"No. It's okay. I got this. I'll use my cheer muscles,\" Brooke says confidently, flexing her arms that are in no comparison to Hunter's. \"You get some sleep, Hunt. You've got school in the morning. I'll take care of Debbie McDrinks-a-lot.\" Hunter looks skeptical, but reaches for the door handle anyways and motions for Brooke to get to work. The brunette puts her hair up in a messy bun before she drapes Silver's limp arm around her shoulders, wraps her arms around her torso and hoists her from the car. Brooke staggers a bit and Hunter has to take Silver's other arm and lean most of the unconscious girl's weight on him for Brooke to find her balance. Silently agreeing to work as a team, the two get to the front door with little issues and curse beneath their breaths as they make their way up the grand staircase. By the time they reach Silver's room that's as cold as Antarctica, they slowly lower her down onto her bed and high-five, feeling accomplished and breathing heavily. \"It's fucking cold in here.\" \"Yeah,\" Hunter agrees, running his palms down the bare skin of his arms. \"It's just how Silver like's it.\" \"Well, I don't care. If I'm staying for the night we are turning this shit off,\" Brooke complains, reaching for one of the many controllers on Silver's bedside table, trying to decode the cluster of buttons. She glances over at her drunken mess of a friend who's lifelessly sprawled out across her unmade bed, mumbling incoherently into her pillow. \"I just updated Phoebe and Dylan, told em' I got her home safe and that you're staying with her for the night,\" Hunter explains, sliding his cell phone into the back pocket of his jeans. \"Dylan says I have to video tape you solemnly swearing not to murder S.\" \"Dylan is full of shit 24/7,\" Brooke says with a bored yawn. \"Even I'm not that cruel.\" \"I guess I'll just take your word for it,\" Hunter smiles tiredly. He holds out his arms, expecting a hug and Brooke mimics his arm movement, but refuses to cross the empty space between them. Giving in with a groan like he always does, Hunter swoops in and grabs her, hugging her tight. \"You take care of our girl, okay, Brookie?\" \"As always,\" Brooke whispers before pressing a quick kiss to his cheek. \"Now get out of here.\" \"Alright. Goodnight, B.\" \"Goodnight.\" Hunter's sure to lock up and punch in the security code upon leaving the mansion. Brooke watches from the balcony as Hunter leaves, speeding off in Dylan's Mustang. She then returns to the rather large room and looks down at Silver who's sleeping with her lips parted and snoring lightly. Sighing, Brooke tosses off her sweater and crawls beneath the covers beside Silver, feeling like they're eight-years-old again. \"Aw, S, what am I going to do with you?\" \"Rodge,\" Silver mumbles in her sleep, shifting as she does so. \"He's gone, baby,\" Brooke mumbles even though she's certain Silver can't actually hear her. She gives her friend's hand a firm squeeze and whispers, \"he's been gone a long time now and even you knew it, Silver.\" It's quiet again and Brooke makes herself comfortable, snuggling with a nearby pillow. \"Hunter?\" Silver mutters, sitting up suddenly and looking from left to right. \"He'll be back tomorrow,\" Brooke says soothingly, giving Silver's hand another comforting squeeze. A pleasant smile captures her features. Brooke's happy Silver said the other twin's name because having to repeat what's just been said in unconsciousness would just bring on more pain. \"Knowing Hunt, he'll even bring us breakfast tomorrow morning.\" \"Brooke?\" \"Yeah, it's me,\" she smiles and props herself up, pulling Silver into a hug when she finally notice how her best friend's eyes have began to water. Brooke hugs her tight as if her holding on could prevent the inevitable. A sob pierces the air and it seems like the start of an avalanche. Brooke can feel the tears that start to soak her oversize Nirvana t-shirt and Silver's clinging to her as if her life depended on it. Brooke feels her throat start to close up when Silver goes into a rant of mumbles, asking what she did wrong and how she's supposed to pretend like she isn't completely internally shattered. Brooke doesn't mention Rodge. She doesn't point out the fact that stone cold Silver Silverberg, who she's supposed to be pissed off at right now, is having a breakdown. All Brooke can manage is a repeatedly whisper in her ear. \"You've got me, S. You've got me.\" Author's note: Hey everyone! I'm sorry this is taking me a million years, but I'm working on it. Itsi3 , yes, Rodge seems to be a complex character and a Godawful mess right now. I'm glad you love Phoebe and Dylan together, but things might start to get rough for those two again with what happens in the next chapter. Aeralyse, I'm glad you enjoyed the re-write and yes, I worked hard to make it seem like my own word, building off the one-dimensional stuff the movie gave us. I can't wait to hear what you though about this chapter. Reviews are always great early Christmas presents. :D ","Summary":" WARNING: This story is AU − Alternate Universe , thank you very much. For those of you, who are sic"},{"Movie":"Secret of NIMH","Title":"Never Give Up","Author":"Villains' Bad Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10171710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey-O! Welcome everyone to my new Secret of NIMH fic! This story will be based on Timmy to the Rescue, but I promise I will try my best and not let this suck as bad as the movie did. Let's get started and introduce the newest member of the Brisby family. BTW cover art belongs to me. \"Justin, it hurts!\" Kristy cried as she curled up on the bed. More than two months had passed since the rats of NIMH had come to Thorn Valley. Kristy Brisby, Jonathan's sister had married Justin, the newly appointed lead of the rats. Here she was in their room, with him and Mr. Ages giving birth to their first child. \"It'll be alright\", Justin said holding her hand. \"It'll be over soon.\" Mr. Ages watched them waiting for Kristy to relax. This was the first baby to be born within Thorn Valley and Justin wanted to make sure nothing happened to Kristy or the baby. \"You're doing fine\", Mr. Ages said. \"I'm scared\", Kristy breathed. \"How did Elizabeth go through this four times?\" She squeaked in pain nearly crushing Justin's hand in hers. He didn't mind. He could see how much pain she was in. \"You're just about ready\", Mr. Ages said. \"I want you to push now.\" Kristy nodded as sweat covered her forehead. Justin dabbed her forehead, watching as she began to push. She gasped for air and whimpered at the pain. He kissed the top of her head, stroking back her fur. \"Come on now\", Mr. Ages gently coaxed. \"You're doing well. Push now.\" \"I am pushing!\" Kristy whimpered. \"It hurts.\" \"It'll be over in a bit\", Justin said. \"You'll be alright.\" She panted and nodded as she pushed again. Mr. Ages held his hands out as the baby came into view. \"Almost there\", he said. \"Almost done. Just a few more pushes.\" Kristy nodded and panted. She took a deep breath and pushed as hard as she could. The baby let out a cry as it took its first breath, coming into the world. Mr. Ages smiled he cleaned off the baby. \"Congratulations\", he said placing it in Kristy's arms. \"It's a boy.\" Tears came to Kristy's eyes as she gently hugged the baby. Justin smiled proudly as he looked at his son. Kristy turned and showed him. \"Say hello to daddy\", she smiled looking at the baby. \"What are you going to name him?\" Mr. Ages asked. \"He looks just like Justin\", Kristy said thoughtfully. \"We don't have to name him after me\", Justin said. \"How about Evan?\" \"I like Evan\", she said. \"Hello, little Evan.\" Evan yawned in Kristy's arms. He looked up at his parents with big eyes. Justin and Kristy smiled kissing the top of his head. \"I love you, Justin.\" \"I love you, too.\"[Chapter 2] Kristy smiled as she watched Evan sleep in his crib at the end of the bed. Justin was off taking care of business with the council and she was told to get some rest. Mr. Ages had checked on her and Evan a while ago and informed them both were perfectly fine. \"Mommy loves you:, Kristy whispered kissing the top of his head. Evan stirred but continued to sleep. Kristy sighed and looked around for something to do. She walked to the bookshelf on the other side of the room and smiled as she saw one large book stand out among the rest. Nicodemus' personal journal. She wondered if it still held the magical properties it had when Nicodemus was still alive. Kristy pulled it off of the shelf. Kristy was surprised to see the letters on the page still glowed thanks to Nicodemus' special ink. She quietly read through the pages remembering how great and wise a soul Nicodemus was. It seemed a shame that this book was going to stay unfinished. Kristy turned back and looked at Evan. \"What do you think?\" she asked. \"Should Mommy keep the book and continue recording the rats' activities?\" Evan fussed in his crib before going back to sleep. She smiled and turned back to the book. Kristy picked up a quill and began to write. \"Nicodemus, the wisest of all rats has passed on. In his place, my husband Justin is now the new leader of the rats of NIMH. My name is Kristy. Jonathan Brisby was my brother. In the beginning, we were ordinary, until we were captured by man and taken to NIMH, the National Institute for Mental Health. We all went through experiments. For some strange reason, we became intelligent. We escaped through the ventilation shaft. None of us would've survived if it weren't for the incredible bravery of Jonathan. Jonathan was not the only brave one. His wife, my sister-in-law, Elizabeth Brisby showed the most extraordinary bravery I had ever seen to save not only her family, but the rats as well. If it weren't for her, none of us would be here in our new home, the place Nicodemus had dreamed about for so long. Thorn Valley.\" Kristy signed her name on the bottom of the page and looked at her work. She was nowhere as near as a great writer as Nicodemus, but she tried. Evan woke up and started crying in his crib. \"Don't cry, Evan\", Kristy said going to him. \"Mommy's here, don't cry.\" She picked him up and rocked him in her arms. Evan stopped crying as he looked at her. Kristy smiled as she kissed his forehead. The door opened to revealed Justin coming in. \"Look, Evan\", Kristy said. \"Daddy's here.\" Justin smiled and patted his son's head as he turned to Kristy. \"We need to talk\", he said. \"Something important's come up at the council.\" \"What?\" she asked. \"One of the council members were in Nicodemus' library before we left the rosebush. He found some old scroll and read them to the council. Apparently it was about a long lost prophecy Nicodemus made.\" \"Prophecy?\" Kristy asked. \"What prophecy? He never made any prophecies. Are you sure it wasn't a false statement?\" \"If it has Nicodemus' name on it, the council had no obligation to object\", Justin shrugged. \"But he never predicted anything. Look at his journal over there, it mentions no prophecies. I demand to see this scroll.\" Justin pulled it from his belt and showed her. Kristy handed Evan to him and took the scroll, taking a look at it. \"It looks like Nicodemus' handwriting\", she said. \"But it doesn't sound like something he would say. Are you sure this isn't some sort of forgery?\" \"None of us know what his writings sound like, so who are we to judge?\" Justin asked. \"I'm going to look into this\", Kristy said looking at the scroll. \"There's got to be a reason for this sudden prophecy.\"[Chapter 3] Kristy sat in the library trying to make sense of this made-up prophecy. She didn't understand it. The handwriting was close to Nicodemus' but it wasn't his exact handwriting. She was very certain this was just a forgery. \"Mr. Ages\", she said as she saw him. \"Kristy\", he said. \"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be resting?\" \"Justin brought this to me\", she said. Kristy unrolled the scroll, showing him the so-called prophecy. \"Nicodemus' prophecy?\" Mr. Ages asked. \"Nicodemus didn't write this\", she said. \"I've been comparing this scroll to Nicodemus' original writings. I'm certain he didn't write it. I don't know who did.\" He adjusted his glasses to take a look at the scroll. He was not as familiar with the writings as Kristy. Mr. Ages shook his head. \"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I can't confirm it. When it comes to Nicodemus, it is not ours to question it.\" \"Until I get to the bottom this, I will question it\", Kristy said. \"Especially when it involves my family.\" She rolled up the scroll and picked up the journal and walked back to her and Justin's room. She couldn't make any sense of this made-up prophecy or where it came from. All she knew what that her family was going to be involved in the rats' affairs once more. \"NIMH will thrust its evil onto the rats once more, and a son of Jonathan Brisby will be chosen to save them.\" \"Who came up with this?\" Kristy asked. \"It sounds nothing like what Nicodemus would say.\" She opened the door to the bedroom and was greeted with the sight Justin rocking Evan in his arms. Evan smiled as looked up at his father with big eyes. \"You're a natural father\", Kristy smiled. Justin looked down at Evan and smiled. \"Did you find out anything about this prophecy?\" he asked. \"Not much\", she answered. \"I just know Nicodemus didn't write this. I don't know who, though.\" \"I'm sure you'll figure it out soon.\" Kristy sighed and put the scroll and the journal on the desk. she was done with it for the day. She took Evan into her arms and rocked him in her arms. \"Did they say which of Jonathan's kids the prophecy is talking about?\" she asked. \"We had a long discussion about it\", Justin said. \"We came to a decision that it's going to be the youngest son.\" \"Timothy? No, not him please. He's gone through too much already.\" \"There's not much we can do\", he said. \"The council's decision is final.\" \"Can't you overrule their decision or something?\" Kristy asked. \"You're the leader of the rats, for goodness sake!\" \"I'm doing all I can\", he shrugged. \"I do have other things to worry about other than this prophecy.\" \"Very well\", she said. \"You take care of your responsibilities. I'll take care of this prophecy.\"[Chapter 4] Justin kissed Kristy and Evan before he left. The council was meeting to discuss important matters concerning Timmy's arrival in a few months. They were waiting for him to get better and get a little older before he started all his lessons. Kristy was still very skeptic of the so-called prophecy. She was doing everything in her power to disprove it. \"What do you think, Evan?\" Kristy said picking him up. \"Is Mommy being silly with this whole thing?\" Evan cooed and smiled at her. Kristy smiled then gasped as she felt the branches of the tree shake. \"Excuse me. Pardon me.\" She went to the window and gasped as she saw two birds stuck in the branches tangled in strings. One of them looked very familiar as she watched the two birds laughing and pointed at the strings. \"Jeremy?\" she chuckled. \"Is that you?\" \"Hey, I know you!\" Jeremy said with a smile. \"You're Mrs. Brisby's friend!\" \"Yeah, I'm Kristy. Elizabeth's sister-in-law. Have you seen Elizabeth? How is she?\" \"Miss Bris is great\", Jeremy said. \"Her house is moved now.\" Kristy smiled knowing Elizabeth and the children. She looked at the bird who was giggling as she carried the string. \"So who's this?\" she asked. \"Oh, this is the Miss Right I've been waiting for\", Jeremy said. \"This is Kiki.\" \"Nice to meet you\", Kiki giggled. \"So what brings you here?\" Kristy asked. \"Jeremy and I are looking for a place to build our love nest\", Kiki said. \"Jeremy mentioned hearing about this place so here we are!\" \"You're more than welcome\", she said. \"I'll talk to Justin and see if we can spare some room in the high branches.\" \"Oh\", Jeremy said as he started smiling. \"You guys wouldn't happen to have the sparkly with you?\" \"Sparkly?\" Kristy asked confused. \"What sparkly? What are you talking about?\" \"Miss Bris said she gave the sparkly to Justin. Can I have the sparkly? Please? Oh, please, I got to have the sparkly.\" \"No, no sparkly. You go up and make yourselves at home.\" Kristy closed the window and put Evan down in his crib. She walked to the cabinet and opened the doors, seeing a box inside. She opened the box, finding the amulet inside. Kristy sighed as she picked it up and looked at it. She could swear she could hear Nicodemus' voice. \"Courage of the heart is very rare...the stone has a power when it's there.\" \"Thank you, Nicodemus\", Kristy said. \"If it weren't for your great wisdom and guidance, we wouldn't be here.\" She turned the amulet over, looking at the words Jonathan had inscribed on the back. \"You can unlock any door if you only had the key. Thank you Jonathan, for giving us back our freedom.\"[Chapter 5] Kristy watched as Evan scampered around the room. He was now a couple of months old and was growing fast. Must've had something to do with the fact that she and Justin had the injections that advanced their genes. He looked as big as Cynthia was at his age. Justin had sent a letter to Elizabeth explaining the prophecy and how once Timmy was old enough, he would need to come to Thorn Valley to train and learn in their ways. The prophecy still made no sense to Kristy. She was doing everything she can to find out where it came from and who wrote it, but she still had no luck. Without much proof, she had nearly no luck convincing the council that it was not Nicodemus' prophecy. \"Mama\", Evan said. Kristy looked at him and smiled. He may have been young, but thanks to his parents being incredibly smart, he was learning to talk. \"Yes dear?\" she asked \"Will Papa be home soon?\" Evan asked. \"Soon, dear\", Kristy said. \"He's busy attending to the council.\" \"Papa's always doing that. Why?\" \"Your cousin Timmy's coming to Thorn Valley, remember?\" she explained. \"Papa's busy making sure we're ready for when he comes.\" \"Why's Timmy coming?\" he asked. \"He's coming to learn some things. Papa and Mr. Ages are going to be his teacher. Remember Mr. Ages?\" \"Is he the old mouse?\" Evan asked. \"Yes\", Kristy said. She looked out the window, looking over the valley. The rats lived in peace as they went about doing their daily chores. Kiki and Jeremy lived in the tree, in the high branches, starting a life together. Kristy turned as Justin came inside. \"Papa!\" Evan said running to him. Justin smiled and picked up his son. He walked to the window, looking at Kristy. \"Is Jeremy home?\" he asked. \"He should be\", Kristy said opening the window. \"Jeremy!\" They watched as the crow glided down from the higher branches, landing roughly on the branch beside their window, \"Excuse me, pardon me\", he said, straightening himself out. \"Jeremy, you're not busy, are you?\" Kristy asked. \"No\", he answered. \"The missus and I are just to fixing up the love nest. She's asking about having an egg.\" \"Jeremy, we need you to do something for us\", Justin said. \"Timmy's going to be coming to Thorn Valley. Can you go back to the Fitzgibbons' farm and go pick him up?\" \"Pick up Timmy?\" he smiled. \"Sure thing! You can count on me!\" He turned around to walk off, apparently forgetting he was on a tree branch, falling off. Justin and Kristy watched as he flapped his wings, coming back to the window. \"Which way's the farm?\" he asked. \"North by north by north\", Kristy said. \"You lived there, you should remember.\" \"Oh, right! Excuse me.\" He turned around, flapping as he flew out of the valley. \"I hope they come back without any problems\", Justin said. \"I hope they come back\", Kristy simply said.[Chapter 6] Kristy smiled as she watched Evan scampering around the room. Kiki was sitting on the branch smiling as she watched with Kristy. \"Such a cute kid\", Kiki smiled. \"He sure is\", Kristy nodded. \"Jeremy told Justin and I that you want to have an egg.\" \"I want to, but Jeremy doesn't know if he's ready yet. He says kids love him but he's not sure if he'd be a good father.\" \"It'll come naturally for him\", Kristy said. She looked out the window and looked over the valley. Everyone was getting ready to welcome Timmy when he arrived. Kristy sighed as she looked at the directions. She knew Justin was trying his best to be as good a leader as Nicodemus was, but he was still struggling. All these responsibilities were new to him and he was doing all he can to ensure the safety of the rats, even if he did make mistakes. Kristy's ear twitched as they heard a commotion. She looked up to see Jeremy returning. Timmy sat on his back as they flew into the valley. Only problem was he was flying way too low. \"Jeremy, pull up!\" Kristy yelled out. Jeremy's foot got caught in the banner the rats made to welcome Timmy. He was pulled back, leaving Timmy to fall in a cart filled with strawberries. \"Oh boy\", Kristy sighed. \"Evan, come on. Playtime's over.\" \"Where are we going, Mama?\" Evan asked as he got up. \"We're going to go talk to Papa\", she said taking her son's hand. \"Your cousin Timmy's here.\" Kristy held Evan's hand as they walked through the tree. They found Justin in the library discussing paperwork with another rat. \"Papa!\" Evan smiled. \"Shh!\" everyone in the library said. Justin looked up and smiled as he saw Kristy and Evan. He gave the papers to the rat and walked to them. \"What are you two doing here?\" he asked hugging them. \"Timmy's here\", Kristy said. Justin picked up Evan and took Kristy's hand as they walked down the stairs. They walked into the main hallway to see Mr. Ages opening the door to welcome Timmy inside. Kristy and Justin stood at the end of the hallway watching Timmy being warmly received by the rats. \"Auntie Kristy!\" he smiled. \"Timmy\", she smiled as she hugged him tightly. \"Oh my dear, you've grown so big! I don't believe you had the privilege. Timmy, this is your Uncle Justin. He's the leader of the rats as well as one of your teachers. And this is your cousin, Evan.\" Timmy looked at Justin and Evan amazed. He didn't think he would have more than one family waiting for him in Thorn Valley. \"Auntie Kristy, why was I chosen?\" Timmy asked. \"What is it I'm supposed to do?\" \"Right now, all we know is you should do all you can do, the best you can\", Mr. Ages said. \"Am I really going to be a hero like Nicodemus said?\" Timmy asked. \"We're positive you can\", Justin smiled. He took Timmy, leading him outside to the town square. Kristy smiled knowing where they were going. She took Evan's hand and walked with them outside. Timmy gasped as he looked in front of them to see a statue of Jonathan Brisby standing in the square. \"Dad?\" \"Yeah, that's him\", Justin said. \"Something to honor the hero for the rats of NIMH.\" \"Remind me to start planning to have a statue made for Elizabeth\", Kristy said.[Chapter 7] \"Mama, why do I have to learn these things with Timmy?\" Evan asked as he and Kristy walked to Mr. Ages's labaoratory. \"It's boring and I don't understand what Mr. Ages says.\" \"Evan, you want to be smart like me and Papa, don't you?\" Kristy said. \"Yes, but...\" \"But nothing\", Kristy said. \"Mr. Ages is trying to help you and Timmy be smarter like us. Pay attention and you'll be able to understand the lessons.\" She opened the door to see Mr. Ages standing at a chalkboard writing what he would be teaching Evan and Timmy. They could see math equations and scientific explanations. Kristy kissed the top of Evan's head. \"Be good, son\", she said. \"Papa will be by soon to teach you and Timmy your next lesson.\" Kristy smiled and closed the door as she left. Evan sighed and walked toward the board, looking at what Mr. Ages was teaching. The board read \" action=reaction\". \"Mr. Ages\", Evan said. \"Why do we need to know these things?\" \"This is the way the world works, my boy\", Mr. Ages answered. \"It is our duty to learn about how the way things work so we can thrive and prosper.\" \"What does that mean?\" Timmy asked. \"Live, right Mr. Ages?\" Evan answered. \"That is correct, Evan.\" The young mouse smiled, feeling proud of himself. He really was learning, unlike Timmy who was just fooling around. He took a balloon Mr. Ages had inflated and let go of it, letting it fly as the air came out of it. After Mr. Ages' science lesson, Justin took the boys out to the creek. He pulled a couple of vines from the tree, giving them to Timmy and Evan. \"Papa, what's this lesson for?\" Evan asked. \"To help you be more resourceful\", Justin answered swinging on a vine across the creek. \"You've got to be ready mentally and physically!\" \"Ready for what?\" Timmy asked. He swung on the vine across the creek. Timmy kicked his legs as he reached the edge of the creek, bed trying to get to land, but slipped, falling into the water. \"To fulfill your destiny\", Justin answered referring to the prophecy. \"But Mama said there is no destiny for him to fulfill\", Evan said. \"She said she's still trying to figure it out.\" Evan took the vine and swung across the creek. Like Timmy, he kicked his legs, trying to reach the other side. \"Papa!\" he cried nearly falling. Justin quickly grabbed his son's foot, pulling him safely to the other side. Timmy watched with envy and jealously as he watched his uncle and his cousin hug each other with a smile. It should be Timmy and Jonathan hugging like that.[Chapter 8] Dear Elizabeth, How are things back home? Things are fine here. Jeremy and his mate, Kiki are expecting their first hatchling soon. Evan is growing everyday and is getting along with his cousin. Timmy's doing fine, as well. Justin and Mr. Ages are teaching the boys all kinds of things. Timmy's growing so fast. He looks just like Jonathan. I wish you and the family were here. We miss you. I hope Martin returns soon. Love, Kristy. Kristy signed her name at the end of the letter and sighed as she read Elizabeth's letter that had arrived a short while ago. Elizabeth and the children were doing fine. Well, all except for Martin. Elizabeth wrote Martin had gone missing a few days ago. No one had any idea where he might've gone. Kristy picked up the picture Elizabeth sent with the letter. The whole family had aged a great deal. Elizabeth wore a long dress as well as glasses. The tips of her fur were growing grey. Theresa was all grown up and looked like a perfect little housewife. Cynthia had grown chubby, her hair had grown long. How things have changed. \"Hey.\" Justin walked into the room carrying papers from the council. Timmy and Evan were busy with Mr. Ages. Justing saw the sad look on Kristy's face as he kissed her cheek. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. \"Fine\", she answered. \"I miss my family. What do you have there?\" \"Blueprints\", Justin said. \"I know you wanted to make that statue for Mrs. Brisby.\" \"That's right, I do!\" Kristy got up and watched him role out the paper. The statue was designed to be constructed along side Jonathan's. \"I really appreciate this\", she said. \"Elizabeth really deserves this honor.\" \"She does\", Justin nodded. Evan was watching Mr. Ages record plants for his books. \"Mr. Ages, are these things really important?\" he asked. \"Of course they are. Knowing the difference between these plants can mean life and death. It's great if you know the difference between medicinal herbs and poisonous plants.\" \"Oh...\" Evan said understanding. He and Mr. Ages ducked as a snake came flying through the air. \"Mr. Ages!\" Timmy laughed. \"Did you see that, Evan? That old snake won't be hunting us for breakfast anymore.\" \"No, I suppose he won't\", Mr. Ages said unimpressed. \"Well, at least I know what happened to the weather balloon I asked you to get for me.\" \"I'm sorry\", he sighed. \"I was just trying to help make the valley safe.\" \"Well, you could've gone about doing it differently\", Evan said. \"The valley is safe enough, as long as it remains from outside eyes. My boys, what have I been trying to teach you all these months?\" \"Um...that it's okay for guys to wear the same underwear three days in a row?\" Timmy asked. \"Well\", Mr. Ages chuckled. \"That was just between us.\" \"You don't wear pants\", Evan said confused. \"You tell us we need to think things all the way through.\" \"Correct. If snakes go flying through the air, humans might find out about Thorn Valley and we'll all be in real danger.\" \"From who?\" Timmy asked. \"From NIMH!\" \"What's NIMH?\" Evan asked. \"Let's hope you never find out\", Mr. Ages said. \"Timothy's father saved us from NIMH, and we wouldn't be here if it weren't for him. Jonathan Brisby was a great mouse.\"[Chapter 9] Evan giggled as he and Timmy were out in the snow. The months passed by quickly and it was now winter in Thorn Valley. Both boys were growing older. Evan had reached Timmy's height when he first came and Timmy was nearly as tall as Kristy. The boys were throwing snowballs at each other. They were supposed to be helping each other shovel the snow off the walk way, but Evan was more interested in having fun. Timmy was more interested in staring at the statue of Jonathan. \"Timmy?\" Evan said when he noticed his cousin wasn't playing or shoveling. He looked up to see Timmy sitting in front of the fountain in the town square looking at his father's statue. Timmy had been doing that a lot recently. He would just look at Jonathan's statue with a sad face. \"Timmy, what's wrong?\" Evan asked. \"Just thinking about my dad\", Timmy answered, his voice growing deep as he grew older. \"What about him? You're always thinking about Uncle Jonathan.\" \"I want to be as great as he was. I want everyone to know my name like they know my dad's. I want them to say 'Hey, that's Jonathan Brisby's son.' I just want that.\" \"You just want to be famous?\" Evan asked. \"That doesn't sound like a very good plan.\" Timmy rolled his eyes and threw a snowball at his younger cousin. Evan giggled and threw a snowball back at him. The boys laughed as they played in the snow instead of doing their job. \"I don't see that snow shoveling itself\", Kristy said. \"Mom\", Evan gasped dropping the snowball in his hand. \"Sorry, Auntie Kristy\", Timmy said picking up his shovel. Kristy shivered and smiled as she stood in the snow watching the boys. Justin smiled and came to her, wrapping a scarf around her and putting his hands on her shoulders. She smiled and put her hands over his. \"Everything go alright with the council?\" Kristy asked. Justin nodded. \"Our scouts found an area for us to retrieve some food. It should be enough to tide us over until we can grow our own food.\" \"At least we're not stealing it this time\", she sighed. \"We've had enough of stealing\", Justin nodded. \"I'm glad you became the leader of the rats instead of Jenner.\" He sighed and nodded as he wrapped his arms around Kristy to keep them warm. He didn't like thinking about what happened at the Brisby home. Jenner would've doomed the rats had he became the new leader. He was willing to lie, steal and kill in order to become the leader of the rats. \"Wait a minute…\" Kristy looked up at Justin, confused. Justin turned and ran back inside the tree. \"Justin?\" Kristy called, following him inside the tree. That could be the answer to all those questions. Kristy said it herself. The prophecy sounded like nothing Nicodemus would say. Could it be Jenner that wrote the false prophecy? \"I think I know where this prophecy came from\", Justin said. \"You said this wasn't found among Nicodemus' things, didn't you?\" \"Yeah, I guess\", she answered. \"You said this did not match Nicodemus' handwriting, as well\", he continued. \"Yes\", Kristy answered. \"Justin, what are you doing?\" Justin looked at the prophecy and looked through the old council books from the thorn bush. It was just as he thought. The prophecy matched Jenner's handwriting. \"Jenner wrote this prophecy\", he answered. \"What are you talking about?\" Kristy asked looking. \"Why would Jenner make up some prophecy like this?\" \"You remember how desperate Jenner was to be the new leader. He went so far as to lie, steal and kill. He must've written this to make the rats think Nicodemus was crazy, too crazy to remain the leader.\"[Chapter 10] Kristy smiled as she stood outside and stretched. The snows of the winter had passed and the warm spring had arrived. It felt so good to be out in the warmth again. The rats were going to get some food to tide them over until enough had grown in their fields. \"Are you going to be okay, Mom?\" She smiled as she looked at Evan. The young mouse was now the age Timmy was when he first arrived to Thorn Valley. He looked like a young Justin. Kristy looked at Timmy. The mouse was now grown up and looked so much like Jonathan. Now that he was an adult, he no longer wanted to be called Timmy. He was just called Tim. \"I will be fine\", Kristy answered. \"You go ahead with Dad and Tim.\" \"Are you sure you don't want me to stay?\" Justin asked. He reached out and touched Kristy's little round belly carrying their second child. Kristy smiled as she just nuzzled him. \"I'll be alright\", she chuckled. \"You go do what you need to do. I have Kiki to keep me company.\" \"Hey, can I come?\" Everyone looked up to see Tina, Jeremy and Kiki's young daughter. The young crow was barely learning how to fly and she was not that good at it yet. \"No, Tina\", Justin said. \"You stay with your mom and Kristy.\" \"But I want to help too!\" she said. Tina jumped out of her nest and tried flapping her useless wings. She spread her wings out and clumsily glided to the ground, dragging her body to the ground in a screeching halt. \"Excuse me, pardon me\", she said. \"Tina, you really should stay here\", Kristy said. \"Where they're going is no place for you.\" \"Tina!\" Kiki flew from outside the valley with freshly picked worms in her beak. She frowned as she landed in front of her daughter. Tina shook in fear and quickly tried to hide behind Kristy. \"What did I tell you about leaving the nest?\" Kiki asked. \"I wanted to help\", she said. \"Daddy helps all the time.\" \"Daddy's an adult\", Kiki said. \"He's allowed to help. You're still young. Now open up.\" Tina sighed and opened her beak up. Kiki shoved the worms down her throat. She continued frowning and pointed back to the nest. Tina sighed and walked toward the tree before her mother gave her a quick spank for disobeying the rules. \"I really wish you wouldn't do that\", Kristy said. \"She may be troublesome, but she's still young.\" \"You punish your children, I'll punish mine\", Kiki said picking up Tina and flying back to the nest. Justin and Kristy sighed and turned to each other. \"Are you sure you'll be alright?\" he asked. \"I'll be fine\", she said. \"Go while you still can.\" ok peeps. listen up because i need some help. does anyone know where i can watch the full movie without downloading anything or a link to the script? for some reason the videos won't work on my computer anymore[Chapter 11] \"Dad?\" Evan asked as they walked out of the valley. \"Yeah, son?\" Justin answered. \"What's NIMH?\" Justin stopped as soon as the word left his son's mouth. With the prophecy proven false, he thought they were done with NIMH for good. Justin and Kristy agreed never to tell Evan about NIMH. They didn't want to scare their son with the details of the horrible place. He shook his head with a sigh as he patted his head. \"It's nothing you need to worry about\", Justin answered. \"Please, Dad?\" Evan said. \"I want to know what NIMH is.\" \"Where did you hear about it anyway?\" he asked. \"Mr. Ages told me and Tim about it\", Evan answered. \"He told us Uncle Jonathan saved the rats from NIMH. What is NIMH that the rats had to be saved?\" Justin looked at Tim and noticed he was watching, listening for an answer as well. He sighed as he went over the memories he had of NIMH. He could still hear the squeaks of pain the rats and mice let out as they were injected. He remembered the cold steel, the dark rooms, the rough hands. \"NIMH\", Justin started. \"Is the worst place imaginable. Nothing but torture.\" \"Were you and Mom in that place?\" Evan asked. \"I'm Evan and this is my cousin, Timmy.\" \"Tim!\" Tim said correcting him. \"So are you from around here?\" \"No, I'm from the ci...\" Jenny froze as she looked up to see a large watchdog standing behind Tim. \"Yes\", he sighed. \"We were. We escaped, but Jonathan was the one who led us to freedom.\" Tim listened to the story Justin was telling them. He couldn't believe how brave his father was in the face of danger and torture. Justin led the group to the area where the humans were. \"Shh\", he said. \"We're almost there.\" \"What do I need a whistle for anyway?\" Tim asked. \"To warn us, in case Killer comes\", Brutus answered. \"Killer?\" Tim and Evan asked scared. \"The meanest, baddest watchdog in these parts\", he explained. \"Yeah\", Justin agreed. \"He could be anywhere.\" The rats entered the opening seeing a closed shop. Two of the rats walked past the fence. Justin held his arm out, stopping Tim and Evan. \"Dad!\" Evan complained. \"Stay here and keep watch\", Justin said. \"But, I want to be in on the action\", Tim said. \"You're not ready to be a hero, Tim. No buts. You're part of a team. Be on your guard.\" Justin and Brutus went to the shop, leaving Tim and Evan by the fence to keep watch. \"Tag-along-Timmy\", Tim complained. \"That's all I'm ever going to be. I'm never going to see any real action.\" \"Quit your whining, cuz\", Evan said. \"Would you rather be hanging out with Mom and Kiki, listening to nothing but girl talk?\" The two of the gasped when they heard a noise. Tim pulled out a slingshot and walked toward the noise instead of obeying Justin's order. Evan followed hiding behind his older cousin. They were surprised to see a female mouse poke her head out of a garbage can. Tim, startled released the stone in his slingshot, making it fly and hit anything metal for anyone to hear. \"What are you doing up there?\" Tim asked. \"Trying not to starve\", the female mouse said. \"What are you doing down there?\" \"Standing guard.\" The female mouse jumped out of the trashcan. Evan couldn't help but stare. She was tall and had long golden hair. \"Who are you?\" he asked. \"My name's Jenny\", she said shaking his hand.[Chapter 12] \"Run for it!\" Jenny yelled. She, Tim and Evan ran through the yard, trying to get away from the dog they all assumed was Killer. \"Dad!\" Evan called. \"Dad! Killer!\" \"Heads up, guys\", Brutus said. \"We've got company.\" \"Tim!\" Just yelled as the rats fell out of the trashcan. \"I should've listened!\" Tim yelled. He ran behind a barrel, trying to keep away. Killer growled as he jumped onto the barrel, breaking it. Evan pulled Justin toward them with their spears. Tim pulled out his slingshot and shot a rock right at Killer's head. It didn't seem to do much, but Jenny jumped on and bit his tail. \"Jenny!\" Evan gasped as Killer wagged his tail, sending her flying. Killer barked as Justin and the others came to attack. Evan and Tim ran to Jenny and helped her up. \"Are you okay?\" they asked. \"Yeah\", she answered. \"Ow.\" Jenny looked up at the sign that was on the door above them. \"Automatic gate closer\", she read. \"You can read?\" Tim asked. \"Uh...\" she said trying to avoid the subject. \"Come on. Help me get this thing out of the way.\" The three of them pulled a trashbag away from the gate. Evan turned to see how Justin and the others were handling the dog. Justin ran from Killer, sliding between his paws. \"Dad!\" Evan yelled. Justin looked to see Evan, Tim and Jenny pulling the gate open. The rats ran to the gate, luring Killer to it. As soon as he was inside, Jenny, Tim and Evan let go of the gate, letting it slam shut. The rats walked through a hole in the gate, getting away from Killer. \"Dad!\" Evan said running to Justin and hugged him. The rats looked at Tim, knowing he had some explaining to do. Tim looked at Jenny, pulling her to them. \"She can read!\" he said. The rats looked at them, not knowing what to say. Justin looked at Tim and Even feeling very disappointed that they disobeyed his orders. \"We're in trouble, aren't we?\" Evan sighed. \"We'll discuss it when we get home\", Justin said. \"I'll be talking to your mother about this.\" \"Do you have to?\" he asked. Justin nodded. The rats got what they needed and started back to Thorn Valley. Evan looked at Jenny as they walked by. He couldn't help but smile when he saw how pretty she was. Jenny looked at him, making him quickly look away, bumping into a tree. Jenny giggled as she watched him. \"Like to laugh, do you?\" Evan asked, blushing. He got up to catch up with Justin, but right away tripped over a rock. Jenny laughed as she watched him. Evan smiled. That one was kind of on purpose, but mostly accidental. He liked making Jenny laugh.[Chapter 13] Kristy was standing in the corner of the council. She looked at Tim and Evan with her arms crossed, disappointed in both of them. Tim was always a stubborn child, she could expect something like this from him. But, Evan...he was a good boy. She didn't expect him to disobey anyone, especially when it was important. Kristy didn't know what to think of Jenny. A strange mouse as smart as them showing up in the middle of nowhere. \"Evan, your mother and I are disappointed in you\", Justin said. \"Why did you leave your post when I strictly told you not to?\" \"I was at my post, Dad\", Evan said. \"We heard a noise and went to check it out. We found Jenny there too. Tim was the one who lost the whistle Brutus gave him.\" \"Uncle Justin, I said I was sorry\", Tim said. \"You know I didn't mean to do it on purpose.\" \"Tim, you left your post\", Justin pointed out. \"You put us all in danger.\" \"But, I-\" \"You've got to learn to listen\", he continued. \"You always think you know better than anyone else.\" \"I know, and I'm sorry\", Tim said. \"But that doesn't change the fact that Jenny can read.\" \"Tim, we're talking about you\", Kristy said. \"Not this Jenny.\" Mr. Ages' attention wandered from the topic, instead looking at Jenny. \"Is that true, young lady?\" he asked. \"Can you really read?\" \"Yes\", Jenny answered with a smile. \"Look, I've been sent here to find you.\" \"To find us?\" Mr. Ages asked. \"We don't want to be found. Who would know about us?\" \"My parents, to start with\", she answered. \"And who might your parents be?\" \"The McBrides.\" Kristy and the other members of the council gasped at the name. McBride...they hadn't heard that name in years. Not since their time in NIMH. \"Well, I'll be\", Mr. Ages said. \"Two of the lost six!\" \"That's impossible\", Justin said. \"They were lost when we escaped from NIMH.\" \"Never to be seen or heard from again\", Kristy added. \"No\", Jenny said. \"They were swept away into the ventilation system, but they ended up in the basement. They stayed there until the injured got better. Just when they tried again to escape, that's when it happened. They were recaptured by Dr. Valentine. Everything has changed in the labs. Dr. Valentine is crazier than ever! My parents and the others sent me to find you. You've just got to help.\" \"I'm afraid you ask too much of us, Miss McBride\", Mr. Ages sighed. \"But something terrible is about to happen at NIMH!\" she argued. \"No one knows what it is. But it has something to do with the next full moon.\" \"How do you know all that happened?\" Kristy asked. \"All of this happened long before you, Tim and Evan were born. How do you know if the labs have changed or not?\" \"That doesn't matter\", Jenny said. \"Will you help or not?\" Kristy looked at the children and turned back to Justin. The members of the council looked at each other. \"The council's going to need to discuss this in private\", Justin said. \"Evan, Tim, please take Jenny and get some rest, all of you.\" Evan smiled as he ran to Jenny, taking her hand. She just sighed and turned with the boys, going to their room.[Chapter 14] \"What are you thinking about?\" Kristy asked. \"I don't know what to do\", Justin said. \"I don't want to put our best men through the pain of going back to NIMH.\" \"We can't leave our friends there to suffer\", she said. \"There must be something we can do.\" \"And if we do, who's to say we won't be recaptured?\" Justin placed his hand on Kristy's pregnant belly. She looked at him with a sigh and wrapped her arms around him. \"I can't leave when you need me too\", he said. \"I can't go and risk getting recaptured. What they might do to us is too big a risk. They could learn about Thorn Valley.\" \"I understand\", Kristy said. \"I just wish we could do more to help.\" Their talk was interrupted as they heard a crash outside. Justin opened the window to see Tina sitting on the branch next to the window. \"Excuse me, pardon me\", she said. \"Tina, does your mother know you left the nest again?\" Kristy asked. \"She's not home\", Tina answered. \"Neither is Daddy.\" \"Where are they?\" \"Daddy's always gone doing something\", she asked. \"Mommy doesn't know either.\" \"Where is she?\" Justin asked. \"She's out to get food. What are you doing? Whatever it is, can I help?\" \"Tina, you need to get back into your nest before your mother comes back. What we're talking about is not for you to hear. We don't need your help with it either. Now go.\" Tina sighed and flapped her tiny wings. She was still too young to fly and everyone knew it. Justin shook his head and closed the window. \"Should we go tell the kids our decision?\" Kristy asked. Jenny sighed as she, Evan and Tim sat on the balcony looking over the valley. They were waiting to here the court's final decision on whether or not to help the mice at NIMH. \"What's taking so long for them to decide?\" Jenny asked. \"Don't worry, Jenny\", Tim said. \"Mr. Ages says good things will come to those who wait.\" \"I can't wait\", she said. \"Do you have any idea what it's like at NIMH?\" \"It must be really bad\", Evan said. \"Dad said he and Mom were at NIMH and that it was the worst place for anyone to be.\" \"They're living in cages\", she nodded. \"Waiting for the scientists to do, who knows what, to them. But then, how could you know? I mean, look at this place. Bet no one out here worries about their family.\" \"Well, I do\", Tim said. \"I haven't seen them since I came to Thorn Valley.\" The three of them turned as the door opened. Justin, Mr. Ages and Kristy walked into the room with unfortunate expressions. Jenny looked at them and sighed crossing her arms. \"The answer's no, isn't it?\" she asked. \"We're very sorry\", Mr. Ages said. \"The council decided the risk to Thorn Valley was just too great\", Justin said. \"We can't go.\" \"But, Dad you can't leave your friends there!\" Evan said. \"What would you do if Mom was there?\" \"Son, this is different. If it was just me alone, I would go. But right now we're risking everyone in the valley. Besides, I do have your mother to think about. I can't leave her when your little brother or sister is due any day.\" Evan looked at Kristy and sighed. He crossed his arms thinking it was the stupid baby's fault his father wouldn't go and help. He looked at Jenny as she marched past them. \"I guess I'll have to do it myself\", she said. \"I'm not going to let anything happen to my mother and father, and that's that.\" She stopped as Brutus stood, blocking the door. He looked at her with a firm, strict face. He was under orders not to let Jenny leave, again putting not only herself in danger, but at the risk of exposing Thorn Valley to the world. \"We can't let you leave.\"[Chapter 15] Evan looked at Jenny with a sad smile. She was busy pouting about how no one was going to help rescue her family from NIMH. She looked out the window to see Brutus guarding the front door. \"They're watching our every movie\", Jenny sighed. \"We're trapped, and I thought NIMH was prison.\" \"You know they just want to protect us from doing anything stupid\", Evan said. \"That's no excuse! Here we are safe and sound and my parents are in NIMH suffering!\" They looked up as Mr. Ages came carrying a candle. \"Miss McBride, I made a bed for you in the observatory\", he said leaving. \"I hope you'll be comfortable. Goodnight, children. Sorry to be keeping you a prisoner.\" Everything was silent for a moment after Mr. Ages left them alone. Jenny glared at the door after he left unable to say anything about what he just said. \"Wow\", Evan said. \"That was dark.\" \"I've got to get out of here somehow\", Jenny said. \"Of course it would be a lot easier with some help.\" \"They just don't want you telling anyone on the other side about us\", Tim said. \"Wait a second! How did you know about Thorn Valley?\" \"When I was little, I remember a mouse in the cage next to ours telling my parents how the rats escaped had settled in a place called Thorn Valley\", Jenny said as she opened a chest, getting rags out to put together a rope. \"And that if any of us ever escaped, that we should promise to go there and ask for the rats for help. Yeah, right!\" \"But how did you ever find it?\" Tim asked. \"I remember him saying it was south by south by south.\" \"Martin said that\", he gasped. \"You know, I've forgotten, but I think that was his name!\" Jenny said. \"How did you know?\" \"Martin's...my brother\", Tim said. \"My mom's letter that he sent to Auntie Kristy said that he disappeared. She had no idea what happened to him.\" \"Well, he's at NIMH. The scientists took him away after that.\" Jenny opened the window and tightened the rope around the rafter, ready to get out. \"Why don't we just tell Mom and Dad about Martin?\" Evan asked. \"Maybe then they can help.\" \"Boys, open your eyes\", Jenny said. \"We're not going to get any help. You need to have the courage to follow your heart. I'll say hi for you when I get to NIMH.\" \"You mean when we get there\", Tim said. \"I have to save my brother.\" \"Can I come too?\" Evan asked. \"What's going on here?\" The children gasped as they saw Kristy open the door. She stepped inside and looked at them with her arms crossed. Jenny thought she could break out that easily and stupid knowing there were guards surrounding the tree. \"You don't think I know when something's going on?\" Kristy asked. The kids looked at her worried that she would blow their plans. She chuckled and pulled Jenny up. \"Whatever it is, you can count me in!\" \"But, Auntie Kristy\", Tim said. \"The baby...and what about Uncle Justin...\" \"I'll be just fine as long as we're careful\", she said. \"Your Uncle Justin can bring in reinforcements. Now tell me you have a better idea than this.\" \"Can I come too, Mom?\" Evan asked. \"Please? I really want to come.\" She looked at him unsure of how to answer. Kristy did not want Evan exposed to the horrible place of NIMH.[Chapter 16] \"Sound the alarm!\" Mr. Ages shouted. \"Sound the alarm!\" Brutus jumped up after falling asleep. He looked around trying to figure out what was happening. \"What in the name of Nicodemus?\" he yelled. Kristy giggled as everyone fell for the diversion. She and Jenny sat on a bench as Tim and Evan tied ballons to it, to make their journey to NIMH easier than just walking. \"Ready?\" Tim asked. He and Evan kicked off the ground, making the bench fly. They floated out of the observatory watching as the rats searched for them on ground. Evan laughed watching them and waved to Justin. \"Bye, Dad!\" \"Shh!\" Jenny said covering his mouth. But it was too late. Justin heard him and heard the loud squeak the observatory door made when it closed. \"Well, I'll be\", he chuckled. Jenny looked down nervously as they flew even higher. Evan sat next to his mother holding on tightly. \"Are you sure you've flown one of these before?\" Jenny asked. \"Hundreds of times\", Tim answered. \"From the ground.\" Kristy looked at him and wrapped her arms around Evan tightly feeling nervous now that Tim said he had no experience. \"If we die, I'm going to kill you.\" \"We're not going to die.\" The bench flew higher and higher until they were over the mountains. The sun rose over the mountains, giving them a great view of the woods. Tim smiled as he sat down next to Jenny. Kristy watched the two of them get closer. She wasn't blind. Tim and Jenny were falling for each other. She watched the two young mice look at each other with eyes only for each other. Their moment was interrupted when the bench shook violently. \"What was that?\" Jenny asked. \"I don't know\", Tim answered. The bench shook again. Evan held onto Kristy tightly. \"Mom, I'm scared!\" he yelled. They looked up when they heard a loud screech. \"Hawk!\" The hawk swooped down and popped one of the balloons, making Jenny slip off the bench and the group started floating lower, toward the trees. Kristy screamed as she held onto Evan. Why did she agree to do this? She was cursing herself, calling herself an idiot for putting herself and her children in danger. Jenny screamed loudly as the hawk swooped down again, popping another balloon. The bench fell to the ground as the four mice held onto each other, trying to stay on the last balloon they had. \"Hold on!\" Tim yelled. The hawk came and popped the last balloon, sending all four of them falling to the ground. Lucky for Kristy, she landed in a pile of leaves with Jenny, softening her fall. Tim laughed as a vine caught him and Evan. \"What a ride!\" he laughed. \"I told you\", Jenny said getting up and making a fist. \"If we die, I'd-\" \"Hey, we're still alive\", Time shrugged. \"Yeah, okay\", Kristy said getting up. \"Now the big question is where are we?\" \"Talk later, run now!\" The mice screamed and ran for cover as the hawk came flying toward them. The four of them ran into a small cave , hiding from the hawk. They stayed there until a loud noise frightened the hawk away.[Chapter 17] The mice walked out of the cave to find themselves alone in the woods. \"Tim, anything around here look familiar?\" Jenny asked. \"No\", he answered. \"What about you, Auntie Kristy?\" \"I haven't been through these woods in years\", she answered. \"I don't know exactly where we are.\" Kristy gasped as she touched her round belly. She breathed hard from the pain, needing to sit down. The mice looked at her worried. This was the last thing that they needed, an expecting mother due any day to go into labor right now. \"Mom?\" Evan said. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes\", she breathed. \"Just fine. The baby just kicked really hard. That's all.\" \"Hey\", Tim said thinking of an idea. \"We can look for the Great Owl. That's what my mom said to do.\" \"But where do we find the owl?\" Evan asked. \"Birds, bugs and beasts! Stir your stones. Come and see the Great Owl. Got a problem? The owl's the fowl with the answer.\" The four of them looked around, trying to find the voice that was saying these things. They stopped surprised to see a catepillar pointing up the the large twisted tree. Tim looked up and walked to the tree, only to have the catepillar pull him away. \"Not so fast there, short stuff\", he said holding his hands out. \"The way it works, is this. You want something from the owl, you got to have something for the owl.\" \"Funny\", Kristy said crossing her arms. \"Elizabeth never had to give the Great Owl anything when she came to see him.\" \"That was then\", the catepillar said. \"This is now.\" \"How about this?\" Tim asked pulling his slingshot from his pocket. \"A twig? Ha! We're in a forest and you bring a twig? What's next, a leaf, some dirt? Beat it, kid! Go find a nice trap to play in.\" \"Look, buster\", Kristy said stepping on one of the catepillar's feet. \"You just ticked off a pregnant mouse. Never tick off a pregnant mouse!\" The catepillar yelled in pain, but she didn't let up. \"Who are you, anyway?\" Tim asked. \"The name's Cecil\", he answered. \"I'm the owl's spokesbug.\" Jenny watched as Cecil yelled in pain as Kristy stepped on his foot. She followed and stepped on his other foot. \"The owl, now!\" she said. \"Up there\", Cecil said pointing to the tree. \"Mention my name. You'll get a good seat.\" \"Keep watch\", Kristy said to Jenny and Evan. \"I'll see if I can reason with the Great Owl to talk to Tim.\" She and Tim climbed up the tree to the Great Owl's hallow. \"Anyone here?\" Tim called out. They looked inside to see nothing but cobwebs. It looked as if it had been abandoned for a long time. \"Did you bring your tribute?\" a voice called back to them. \"Maybe a sparkly?\" \"Sparkly?\" Kristy asked. \"The Great Owl never asked for a sparkly. Only one person I know says that.\" She walked deeper into the hallow and shook her head. The Great Owl wasn't there. The hallow was filled with sparkling jewelry. The bird in the hallow didn't even look like an owl at all. It wore a mop, leaves and glasses to try and look like an owl. Underneath all that, the bird had black feathers. \"Jeremy!\"[Chapter 18] Kristy crossed her arms and tapped her foot as she watched Jeremy try to untangle himself from the chains of all the jewelry he kept in the tree. \"Hi there\", he nervously chuckled. \"So this is what you do when you leave the valley?\" Kristy asked. \"Does Kiki know about this?\" \"No!\", Jeremy answered. \"No, the missus knows nothing about this.\" \"I do!\" Tina smiled as she poked her head out from behind Jeremy. Kristy gasped as she saw the young crow wearing the jewelry with a smile. \"You got your daughter involved in this, too?\" she asked. \"What are you doing this for anyway? What could you possibly do with all of this stuff?\" \"Girls can't resist sparklies!\" Jeremy said. \"I'm doing all this for Tina and Kiki. Besides, I've always wanted a sparkly of my very own. And it's bring-your-daughter-to-work day. I just had to bring the chip off the old block.\" \"Daddy's very funny\", Tina giggled as she watched her dad still stuck in the chains. \"Auntie Kristy?\" \"Mom?\" Tim and Evan crawled into the hallow, looking around. He entered the area and stopped when he saw all the jewelry. The wig Jeremy was wearing fell off, revealing his real identity. \"Hi, Timmy\", he chuckled. \"Remember me?\" \"Jeremy?\" Tim gasped. \"Oh, hey\", Evan said. \"It's Jeremy. What is he doing here?\" \"Hey, what's going on in here?\" Cecil asked as he and Jenny came inside. \"Good question\", Kristy asked. \"What is Jeremy doing and where's the Great Owl?\" \"The owl's been gone for years\", Cecil asked. \"He just disappeared one day. I heard rumors that the owl finally keeled over and died.\" \"Oh no\", Tim said. \"Now how will we find help?\" Kristy looked at the kids and turned as she watched Tina and Cecil help Jeremy out of the chains. She watched as the crow spread his wings, trying to smooth his feathers out. She smiled as she thought of the obvious answer. \"Jeremy\", Kristy said. \"You like helping people, right?\" \"That's me!\" Jeremy said jumping up. \"Jeremy, always the faithful helper.\" \"Tina, you want to help too, don't you?\" \"Yep, yep, yep!\" Tina smiled and nodded. \"Then how would you two like to help us, fly out to the city?\" she asked. \"Hold on\", Cecil said as he walked in front of the two birds. \"What's in it for us? The crow works with me. I expect a fair share.\" Tim, Jenny and Evan all glared at him. He looked at them mildly fazed as he backed away. \"What do you say, guys?\" Kristy asked looking at the crows. \"Happy to be the pilot\", Jeremy saluted and laughed. \"Will that be first class or coach? There's some crackers...in the nape of my neck.\" The sun began to set as Jeremy and Tina flew the mice into the city. Cecil was not the least bit happy about letting Jeremy quit his day job, so to speak. \"This is the greatest, isn't it guys?\" Jeremy asked. \"The wind in your face, the bugs in your teeth, and not a care in the world.\" Jenny and Kristy, however were not as relaxed as Jeremy was. Kristy shuddered as they spotted the one place she had hoped never to return to. \"There it is\", Jenny pointed.[Chapter 19] Jeremy circled the building as he glided down to land. This area of the city was dark and the only source of light was the creepy building below them. \"Jeepers creepers\", he said. \"What a spooky place. So, where are we anyway?\" \"It's NIMH\", Tim said. \"NIMH?!\" Jeremy yelled. \"What?! Anyplace but NIMH!\" He stopped flapping his wings and crashed to the ground. Tina looked at him confused as she crashed alongside him. \"What's wrong, Daddy?\" she asked. \"What's NIMH?\" \"The last place you ever want to be\", he answered shaking his head. \"Okey-dokey, that's it. Last stop. Everybody get off my back.\" \"You are on your own, kids\", Cecil said. \"What they do to animals in that place...if I ever go in there...I'll never make butterfly.\" The mice looked through the gate to see the place known as NIMH. Kristy began shaking in fear. Tim and Jenny looked at the building in frightened awe. Evan looked at it not sure what to think of it. \"So this is NIMH?\" he asked. \"It doesn't look that bad. I imagined it to be like a castle with a mad scientist.\" \"Trust me, kiddo\", Jeremy said. \"This is a lot worse. I got to get out of here.\" He scooped up Tina and flew away. The mice turned and climbed through the fence, entering the godforsaken place. As Kristy shook in fear as she walked closer to NIMH, she felt a sharp pain in her stomach, making her groan. \"Mom, what's wrong?\" Evan asked. \"I'm fine\", she said. \"Just nerves.\" \"You should've stayed back in Thorn Valley, Auntie Kristy\", Tim said. \"You don't look so good.\" \"I'm fine\", Kristy said. \"Let's just worry about getting everyone out of this place.\" The four of them walked toward the building. The crawled through the pipes and entered through a drain. Kristy ran her hands up and down her arms as she shivered. It was still as scary as she remembered. Jars filled with animal organs sat about. It was completely dark. \"So this is NIMH?\" Tim asked as he looked around. \"Wow, this is creepy.\" Evan looked around and could see why everyone thought this place was scary. He held Kristy's hand as they walked through the building. He looked at Kristy seeing she was trying to hide what she was feeling. Probably to keep the kids from getting scared. \"It's quiet\", Tim said. \"Too quiet\", Jenny added. The four of them ran through the hallways, climbing through airvents and the mail slot. Jenny smiled and pointed to a door. \"There!\" she said. They ran to the door only to be stopped by two rats hidden in the shadows. \"Wait!\" \"Justin?\" Kristy smiled. \"Oh sweetheart, you came!\" Justin chuckled as she jumped up, hugging him tightly. Evan smiled and jumped, hugging him tightly as well. \"Justin, what are you doing here?\" Tim asked. \"We decided Jenny was right\", Justin said as more rats came out from hiding from the shadows. \"The lost six belong in Thorn Valley. So we came here to help rescue them.\" \"Took you long enough\", Kristy chuckled. \"Let's go.\" \"Watch our backs\", Justin said. \"Not again!\" Tim groaned trying to follow. \"Will you listen?\" Tim sighed as he stood outside the door, being left to guard the area again. The rats followed Jenny into the room where all the animals were locked up. She stopped in front of a cage that held six mice inside. \"Mom, Dad! You're alright.\" \"Jenny\", Mr. McBride said. \"You shouldn't have come back. The moon is full tonight. We're all in danger.\" \"We'll have you all out in a second\", Justin said. \"Justin?\" Mrs. McBride gasped. \"Is it really you?\" \"The one and only\", Kristy smiled. The mice watched as Justin went to work on unlatching the door. The mice in the cage gasped as two large paws came down. \"Gotcha!\" Kristy and Justin looked to see a large cat holding them in her paw. Kristy gasped and moaned as the cat squeezed them tighter, until she felt something pop. \"Justin\", she moaned. \"It's time...\"[Chapter 20] Kristy breathed heavily as the cats grabbed Jenny and Tim as well. The large cats carried them to the laboratory where one human was waiting. Dr. Valentine hadn't changed a bit. He still looked as mad as he did years ago. \"I'm sorry everybody\", Tim said. \"It's all my fault. I wasn't a team player.\" \"Tim\", Kristy breathed. \"I don't know what to say. Why couldn't you just listen to your uncle?\" She gasped as she felt a sharp pain in her stomach. She was deeply disappointed in Tim and didn't know whether to be angry or upset at him for getting them into this. \"The baby's going to be born in this awful place\", she cried. \"Justin...I can't stop them from coming.\" The mice and rats looked up afraid as Dr. Valentine smiled, looking at them, \"Well, well, well\", he smiled. \"Look at what we have here.\" Kristy squeaked in fear as he picked her up. He held her close, taking a good look at her. Justin tried to get away from the cats to get Kristy. She couldn't be manhandled now. \"Ah, yes\", Dr. Valentine said. \"I remember you. Very quiet and scrawny one always staying close to one of the rats.\" He looked down at Justin and smiled recognizing him as well. Dr. Valentine took a look at Evan seeing how he resembled Justin and looked at Kristy, noticing she was squeaking in pain, breathing heavily and holding onto her round belly. \"Put this one in a cage\", he ordered the cats. \"Looks like she'll be giving us more tests subjects.\" \"No!\" Justin yelled. \"No!\" Kristy screamed. \"No, I won't let you have my baby!\" Dr. Valentine handed the squeaking mouse to the cats, who took her back to the cages, putting her with the lost six. He picked up Evan and took a look at him amazed. A mouse and a rat being able to breed. Not only that, the parents of this one were genetically altered. He had to use him and examined him. \"Dad!\" Evan yelled as Dr. Valentine carried him away. \"Evan!\" Justin yelled. Tim looked at everyone feeling even worse. His little cousin was taken to be tested on and his aunt was taken to give birth, only to hand over the baby to be tested as well. If Dr. Valentine did this, what did he do to Martin? \"Little Timothy, my how you have grown.\" \"Huh?\" Tim said looking in front of him. A mouse slightly larger than Tim smiled evilly showing his sharp teeth. \"I suppose I have changed a bit\", he said. \"But for the better, don't you think, hero?\" \"Martin!\" Tim gasped knowing only he would call him hero. \"Ah, not quite, brother. It's me, the new and improved Martin!\" \"Martin, what's wrong?\" he asked. \"What's happened to you?\" \"Happened?\" Martin asked. \"Why, life happened! You should know. After you left home, I came here to NIMH! I held out hope that everything was going to be alright. I had hoped Mother would send word to you and, being the hero that you are, you would come to the rescue. But guess what? You didn't come! You left me here to rot in this place, and the good Dr. Valentine...\" Martin stopped and smiled as he looked at Jenny, remembering her from long ago. \"He took me away and helped me become this! I remember telling you to go for help and you barely brought it now? Too late if you ask me.\" yes, i changed the story. Martin is not the mastermind and Dr. Valentine is still normal...by his standards. i think that was where the movie really went downhill[Chapter 21] \"Martin, you have to stop this\", Tim said. \"I don't have to do anything\", Martin said. \"Look at me! Thanks to the good Dr. Valentine, I can do whatever I want in this place. It's more than what dear old Dad ever did while he was here.\" \"Dad wasn't like you!\" Tim said. \"Dad wasn't crazy!\" Martin looked at Justin with an evil smile as his plans came together. \"None of you will call me crazy once I become the new ruler of Thorn Valley!\" he said. \"It's the least I deserve after being stuck here for so long.\" \"No!\" everyone yelled. \"And how will anyone stop me?\" Martin asked. \"Our dear Uncle Justin is back at NIMH where he belongs. Who's to stop me, Jonathan Brisby's eldest son from taking over?\" He looked at Tim and smiled, still having a soft spot for his younger brother. \"You could always rule with me, if you want\", he said. \"Jonathan Brisby's sons as rulers of the rats of Thorn Valley! Doesn't that have a nice ring to it? What's your choice, hero? Rule with me or share the same fate as our little cousins.\" \"No!\" Tim answered. \"Very well then\", Martin said. \"I'll be sure that you're the next test subject.\" \"You're insane!\" Jenny yelled as Martin pushed Tim into a cage. \"Oh, thank you\", he said looking at her. \"Now, she has real spunk, not like you, hero. She has real potential.\" He watched as one of the cats picked up Jenny and took her to Dr. Valentine's office. Martin giddly laughed as he watched her try to fight back. \"She'll make a perfect queen for my new realm. Her attitude just needs a slight alteration. I'll see to it that Dr. Valentine fixes her up nicely. Uncle Justin will get a ringside seat and watch our cousin become just like me.\" \"No!\" Justin yelled trying to break free. He had no chance as the cat pick up him and the other rats, taking them to Dr. Valentine's office, with him following. Tim yelled in the cage, trying to stop Martin from doing all of these horrible things. \"Dad!\" Evan cried. Dr. Valentine held the little mouse in his hand as he poked and prodded him, examining him. He was still confused as to how a mouse and a rat reproduced. Evan squeaked in fear as Dr. Valentine strapped him down to a table. \"Evan!\" Justin yelled as he was locked in a cage, being forced to watch. Dr. Valentine kept Evan strapped down as he wrote down notes. Evan cried as he tried to pull himself free. He was so scared of what was happening. \"Dad, help me!\" he cried. Justin reached his hand out to reach the lock, but immediately pulled back when the cat hissed at him, ready to bite his hand off if he tried it again. Evan cried as he watched Dr. Valentine attached wires to him, monitoring his brainwaves and heartbeat. \"What's he going to do to me, Dad?\" he cried. \"It'll be okay, Evan\", he lied. \"He's just going to check on you. Remember Mr. Ages checking on you when you were sick?\" Justin couldn't tell him what was going to happen. He could barely handle it himself. Dr. Valentine placed a small headset on Evan's head who continued to try and break free. Evan screamed in pain and Justin screamed in horror as Dr. Valentine pulled the switch, sending electricity into Evan's skull, the way he experimented on Martin.[Chapter 22] Kristy breathed heavily as she laid in the cage with the lost six. Mrs. McBride and the other two females in the cage were helping her as she went through a difficult labor. Mr. McBrides and the other males stayed in a corner feeling so helpless. \"You're going to be okay\", one of the females said holding her hand. \"Everything's going to be okay.\" \"No, it won't\", Kristy cried. \"Dr. Valentine will come and take my baby away. He probably already tortured Evan and Justin.\" She cried out in pain as she started trembling in fear. Once her baby was born, what would happen to her? Will Dr. Valentine use her and Justin to breed more \"test subjects\"? Was there no end to that man's inhumanity? \"Breathe, Kristy\", Mrs. McBride said. \"I can't\", Kristy whimpered. \"I'm so scared.\" \"Justin's here in NIMH\", one of the females said. \"He can get us out, can he?\" \"Of course he can\", the other said. \"He got out once, he can do it again.\" Kristy screamed in pain. She had no choice but to go along with what was happening. The baby was coming now and there was no way to stop it. Kristy sobbed in fear and paid as she started to push. \"That's it, Kristy\", all the females said trying to comfort her. \"There you go.\" They watched as she breathed hard, pushing. Mrs. McBride and one of the females held her hands, letting her squeeze them as tightly as she needed. The other female watched the baby come into view. \"I can see the head!\" she smiled. \"Keep pushing, Kristy!\" Kristy cried in pain as she continued to push. She rested for a moment, but before she knew it, she had to push again. Everyone looked as they heard the cry of the newborn baby. \"It's a girl!\" the female smiled. \"My baby girl\", Kristy smiled with tears in her eyes. \"She's so beautiful.\" The new baby had brown fur like Justin, but her face, as well as her belly had Kristy's yellow fur. They watched the female clean off the baby before handing it over to Kristy, Before she could even touch her baby, Kristy cried as she felt a twinge of pain. This birth was very different than with Evan. She gave birth and that was it. There wasn't anymore pain, so why was there more this time? \"Help me\", she cried in pain. \"Oh, dear\", Mrs. McBride said. \"Kristy, I'm afraid you're not done. You have another baby.\" \"Another one?\" The female handed the baby to Mr. McBride and went back to help Kristy. Everyone watched as she breathed heavily, ready to deliver again. The females again encouraged her as she pushed again. \"Another girl!\" the female said holding up the crying baby. Like her sister, the baby had brown fur with a yellow face and belly. The female cleaned off the baby and reached out for the other, when Kristy cried again. \"It's happening again!\" \"Triplets?\" everyone asked. The female handed the baby to Mr. McBride and went back to help Kristy. \"No more\", Kristy cried. \"Please, no more! It hurts.\" \"This should be the last one\", the female said. \"Just one more, and that's it.\" Kristy screamed in pain and frustration as she pushed again. The females continued to encourage her, trying to help the tired mother give birth one more time. At last, her final baby was delivered. Another girl looking just like her sisters. All three of them were handed to Kristy who looked at them with tears in her eyes. \"Hello, my girls\", she said. \"Sleep for now. Your dad will come and save us soon. I hope.\"[Chapter 23] Justin struggled to get out of his cage without having the cat kill him. Dr. Valentine left the room to record the results of the experiments he did on Evan. The young mouse laid, still strapped to the table, unmoving. He looked practically dead, but thanks to the wires on his chest, everyone can tell his heart was still beating. Evan was still alive. \"Evan!\" Justin called out. \"Evan! Come on, son wake up!\" He watched his son continue to lay on the table unmoving. Dr. Valentine came back into the lab and took a look at Evan. \"I think that'll be enough testing for tonight\", he said. He unstrapped Evan from the table and took him into his office where Martin and Jenny were. Justin gasped as he then picked up the cage, carrying him back to the other cages with the others. Justin looked into the cage to see Kristy curled up on the bottom of the cage. \"Kristy?\" he gasped. \"Justin\", Mr. McBride gasped. \"I thought you might've been able to get away.\" \"I couldn't\", Justin said. \"Dr. Valentine has my son. How's Kristy? Is she alright? What about the baby?\" \"Babies\", Mrs. McBride corrected him. Justin looked at her then looked at Kristy. She laid curled up, sound asleep. Next to her were three baby mice all asleep. Three, not one. \"Congratulations\", Mrs. McBride said. \"You're a father to triplet girls.\" \"No time for congrats\", Justin said. \"This was not the best time for them to be born. We still have to get out of here.\" He knelt down beside Kristy and gently shook her. She could rest once they got back to Thorn Valley. \"Kristy, get up\", he whispered. She stirred in her sleep and opened her eyes. Kristy gasped and smiled, lifting her hand up to touch Justin's cheek. \"Justin?\" she softly said. \"You're okay?\" \"For now\", he answered. \"We have to figure out a way to get out of here. They got Evan.\" \"Evan?\" Kristy gasped. \"They got my baby boy?\" She slowly got up and walked to the bars, trying to figure out how to get out of the cage. She couldn't let her son be tortured like they were. \"Surprise!\" Everyone in the cage yelled and jumped when they heard someone yell. Kristy looked out of the bars surprised to see Cecil. \"What are you doing here?\" she asked. \"I thought you left?\" \"We can't let friends stay in this place can we?\" he asked. Everyone watched amazed as Cecil reached his hands into the lock, moving the mechanics inside. To their amazement, it worked! The lock clicked loose, letting the cage open. Kristy and Justin picked up the girls surprised to see Tim and Jenny run into the room. \"Tim, Jenny!\" Kristy gasped. \"How did you get free?\" \"I'll explain later\", Tim answered. \"Right now we have to get everyone out of here.\" \"We can't leave yet\", Justin said. \"We have to get Evan back.\" Cecil opened the lock on the last cage, freeing the rest of the mice and rats. \"Come on\", Tim said. \"Let's get the others out of here.\" Everyone rat to the door, the only safe way out. Tim, Justin and Brutus opened the door to reveal a large fire in the hallway. NIMH was burning to the ground with everyone inside.[Chapter 24] Justin looked at the fire in horror. It was dangerously thick and spreading fast. He turned to see an open window, knowing that could be their very last hope of escaping. \"Come on!\" he said. \"This way!\" \"Justin, what about Evan?\" Kristy gasped. \"We need to get everyone out\", he said. \"I'll get him.\" \"No\", she said. \"I'm not leaving without my boy.\" \"What about the girls?\" Justin and Kristy looked at the triplets in their arms. Kristy kissed their foreheads before handing them to Justin. The mice looked at them worried as they climbed up to the window to escape. \"You get our children out\", she said. \"I'll get Evan.\" \"You can't!\" he gasped. \"You're too weak, and the girls need their mother.\" \"You have to go. The rats need their leader.\" Kristy hugged Justin before letting them go. They needed him more than they needed her. Everyone gasped as an explosion blew through the room. \"Martin!\" Tim gasped. \"Jenny, promise me something. Don't come after me.\" He gave her a quick kiss and jumped off the windowsill, running toward the flames. Kristy followed after him. \"Tim!\" Jenny yelled. \"Where are you going?\" \"I'm doing what you said!\" Tim answered. \"I'm following my heart!\" \"I love you!\" \"Whoo!\" Tim cheered forgetting everything for a moment. \"I love you too!\" \"Tim!\" Kristy yelled. A burning piece of wood fell from the ceiling, nearly crushing and burning the two mice. Kristy was still weak from childbirth, but she had to save her son. He held onto Tim as the two of them ran through the burning building. \"Surprise!\" Tim and Kristy gasped when they saw the two cats following them. \"How many lives do you guys have anyway?\" he asked then smirked. \"Race you to the elevator.\" Kristy held onto her nephew weakly as they ran to the elevator. To her surprise, it was empty. Tim grabbed onto a rope and held onto her tightly, letting the cats fall to their doom. He swung on the rope, getting them back to the floor. They gasped when they saw Martin standing in front of them. He looked at them in a daze and held out Tim's slingshot. \"Hero...you dropped this...\" He fell forward onto Tim, weakly. \"I'm here, Martin.\" \"Tim, get him out to safety\", Kristy said. \"I have to find Evan.\" \"Aunt Kristy, you're too weak!\" Tim said. \"What about the fire?\" \"I have to try. I will not lose my only son.\" Kristy let go of Tim, allowing him to carry his brother to safety. She turned away and walked through the burning hallway trying to find Evan. She coughed as she stumbled to Dr. Valentine's office to see the people had long gone, but Evan was left on the desk. \"Evan!\" she coughed. Kristy climbed onto the desk and shook her son. \"Evan, wake up\", she said. \"Son, it's mommy. I'm here to get you out.\" He laid there unmoving. She didn't know what experiments were done on him. Hopefully Mr. Ages could fix it once they got back to Thorn Valley. Kristy picked up her son and carried her out of the office. She coughed hard as she stumbled through the hallway. The fire was spreading and the smoke was getting thicker. \"Tim!\" she weakly called. \"Tim, where are you?\" She coughed hard as she fell to her knees. The smoke was so thick, she couldn't see anymore, she couldn't even breathe. Kristy collapsed to the floor with Evan still in her arms. \"Help...\" she uttered before her eyes shut.[Chapter 25] \"How are they?\" Justin looked at Kristy and Evan who laid in the infirmary. They were sure lucky Tim got them out along with Martin who was also in the infirmary. They were even more lucky that Jeremy came back to help carry everyone back to NIMH along with Kiki who brought Justin and Brutus in the first place. \"They are very lucky to be alive with all that smoke inhalation\", Mr. Ages said. \"Thank goodness the experiments from NIMH are wearing off on Evan and Martin. Those two should return to normal soon enough. Kristy, however is another story. I was very surprised to see that she was able to give birth to triplets instead of one child. From the way things look, she never had a chance to heal properly, increasing the risk of an infection.\" Justin looked at Kristy worried. An infection? He never thought that was possible. He looked over at the triplets all sleeping in identical cribs. The girls were lucky they didn't get sick in NIMH. \"Come on, Kristy\", Justin whispered in her ear. \"You got to get better. We all need you.\" Kristy laid unmoving in bed with a peaceful look on her face. She looked a little too still not to be moving a muscle the way she was. Justin looked at her with wide eyes. He couldn't lose her now. There had to have been something he could do to save her. \"So warm...\" Kristy mumbled. \"So peaceful.\" She opened her eyes to see a long tunnel. There was a warm bright light at the end of the tunnel that looked so inviting. She felt drawn to it as she got up and walked toward the light. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Kristy gasped as the voice echoed around her. She recognized that voice and haven't heard it in such a long time. \"Jonathan?\" she gasped. \"Bingo.\" Kristy watched as her brother stood at the end of the tunnel at the light. She smiled as she felt tears in her eyes seeing her brother for the first time in years. \"Jonathan\", she smiled. \"I can't believe it's you! What are you doing here?\" \"I should be asking you the same thing. What are you doing going to the light?\" \"Why wouldn't I go? It looks so appealing.\" \"The light means death\", Jonathan answered. \"You're not ready for that.\" Kristy looked at her brother and quickly backed away. Death? She was dying? Jonathan smiled. \"You're not going to die yet\", he said. \"Justin and Nicodemus are saving you.\" \"Nicodemus?\" she asked confused. \"Courage of the heart is very rare...the stone has a power when it's there.\" Jonathan and Kristy smiled when they heard the wise old voice. They watched as he appeared next to Jonathan, still looking as old as he used to, his eyes still glowing brightly. \"My child\", Nicodemus said. \"You showed extraordinary courage in NIMH. You risked your life to save your friends and family. You and Justin are in possession of the stone now. Your courage awakens the stone and will help you.\" Jonathan smiled as he remembered the inscription on the back of the amulet. \"You can unlock any door if you only had the key.\" Justin put the amulet Elizabeth gave them around Kristy's neck. He watched how it worked in the past with Elizabeth, hopefully it will help now. The stone began to glow brightly with Nicodemus' face reflecting inside. \"Nicodemus\", Justin gasped. Kristy's body began glowing just as Elizabeth's did when she used the stone. One the glow faded away, Kristy's eyes fluttered open. \"Kristy\", Justin smiled. \"Justin?\" He smiled and wrapped his arms around her. Kristy looked down to see the amulet hanging from her neck. She looked at the inscription in the back and smiled. \"Thank you Jonathan\", she softly said. \"Thank you, Nicodemus.\"[Chapter 26] Kristy and Justin smiled as they looked at the triplets laying in their cribs. The girls sucked their thumbs as they looked at with their parents with big eyes and smiles. \"Are they really ours?\" Justin asked so full of happiness. \"Of course they're ours\", Kristy giggled. \"All three of them.\" \"What are we going to call them?\" he asked. \"How will we tell them apart?\" She looked at him and looked at the girls. They looked so similar, they couldn't tell who was who. Kristy picked up the baby from the middle crib and looked at her yellow furry face and her brown furry head. She had Justin's brown eyes as she looked at her mother with a smile. \"How about we name her Chloe?\" Kristy suggested. \"That's a very pretty name\", Justin smiled. \"Pretty name for a pretty girl.\" Justin looked at the other two girls. One of them looked slightly different from the other, having a small birthmark on her cheek. \"Let's call her Cindy\", Justin said. The two of them looked at the third baby laying in her crib. She had fallen asleep, kicking her blanket off. Her fur was a darker shade than her sisters. Justin smiled and wrapped the blanket around his daughter as he and Kristy thought of a name for her. \"Elizabeth\", Justin said. \"Elizabeth?\" Kristy asked. \"Justin are you sure?\" \"Couldn't think of a more perfect name for her. She'll grow up to be brave and strong like us.\" She looked at her husband and smiled as she pressed a kiss to his cheek. He smiled as he pressed his nose to her, nuzzling her. \"Get dressed\", Justin said. \"i have a surprise for everyone.\" \"A surprise?\" Thorn Valley was holding a ceremony, but Justin wouldn't say what it was for. The whole town was celebrating the fact that NIMH had been destroyed. Justin and Kristy carried the triplets as they walked to the entrance of Thorn Valley. \"What are we doing here?\" Kristy asked. Justin didn't answer. He looked up toward the mountains and waved with a smile on his face. Kristy gasped to see Jeremy and Kiki flying into the valley, carrying some familiar faces. \"Elizabeth!\" she smiled. \"Kids!\" Elizabeth, Theresa, Cynthia and Auntie Shrew smiled as they waved back. They certainly had aged a lot. Elizabeth now had grey tinted fur and wore glasses. Theresa had grown into a typical housewife complete with an apron over her clothes. Cynthia had grown larger and looked like a tomboy. Auntie shrew was just older. Jeremy and Kiki landed in the valley, allowing the family to climb off their backs. \"Elizabeth\", Kristy said hugging her tightly. \"It's been so long! How are you? I missed you!\" \"We missed you too\", Elizabeth smiled. \"Who are these?\" \"This is Chloe, Cindy and Elizabeth\", she smiled. \"Your nieces.\" Elizabeth smiled as she looked at the triplets. She looked up to see Justin approaching them. A faint blush warmed her cheeks as she looked at him. He still looked as handsome as before. \"Hello, Justin\", she said looking down. \"Elizabeth\", he smiled. \"It's great to see you again.\" Elizabeth continued to blush as she looked away. She still liked him, but he was Kristy's husband now. Kristy smiled as she walked to talk to the children, giving Justin and Elizabeth time to talk. She knew Elizabeth still had feelings for him and didn't want to hurt her by keeping them apart. Kristy knew Justin wouldn't leave her for Elizabeth, she could trust them both.[Chapter 27] Justin smiled as he watched Kristy catch up with the children. He looked at Elizabeth and smiled when he saw her look away shyly. It was obvious to all that she still had feelings for Justin. \"How have you been?\" he asked. \"Alright\", she answered. \"The children really missed their Aunt Kristy.\" \"What about you?\" Elizabeth looked at him with the same eyes she had for him when they first met. \"I missed you more than anything\", she said. \"I know it's too late, but I really like you.\" Justin looked at her and sighed unsure of what to say. He remembered how shy Elizabeth was around him and the admiration she had in her eyes whenever she looked at him. He did have a soft spot and he did care about, but he loved Kristy. All he could see Elizabeth as was just family. \"I'm sorry, Elizabeth\", Justin said. \"I do care about you very much, but family is all we can be.\" She looked at him and sighed understandingly. Elizabeth wrapped her arms around him in a hug. She leaned up and kissed Justin softly, almost as a way to put her feelings for him to rest. Justin's eyes widened when he felt Elizabeth's lips on his. He returned the kiss before pulling away. \"I'm sorry\", Elizabeth said. \"That'll never happen again.\" \"I know\", Justin said. He gave her one more hug letting her know he wasn't mad or upset with her, letting her know they could still be friends. Kristy froze when she saw Elizabeth and Justin. Her eyes widened when she saw the two of them kiss. What were they doing? Justin was married, why was he letting this happen? She watched the two of them pull away. Elizabeth looked down sad almost like she was regretting the kiss. Justin smiled at her and wrapped his arms around her in a hug. He let her go and turned when he saw Kristy. \"What was that about?\" Kristy asked. \"What were you doing kissing her?\" \"Just putting some unexplained feelings to rest\", Justin answered. \"Feelings?\" \"Elizabeth's feelings regarding me\", he explained. \"I told her we are just friends, just family. We came to an agreement that nothing like this will ever happen in the future.\" \"I hope not\", Kristy said. \"Mom!\" Everyone smiled as Timmy came running toward them. \"Timmy!\" Elizabeth smiled as she wrapped her arms around her youngest son. \"Is that really you? You look so much like your father.\" \"I missed you guys so much\", Timmy smiled. \"Mom, this is Jenny. She's my new girlfriend.\" Jenny walked to them with a smile on her face as she was introduced to the rest of the rest of the family. Kristy smiled as she looked at the infirmary to see Mr. Ages coming out with two patients. \"Evan!\" she smiled. She and Justin walked to the tree and hugged their son tightly. Timmy smiled as he watched them and ran to Martin, hugging him. \"Is this the big surprise you were telling me about?\" Kristy asked. \"No\", Justin said. \"This is the big surprise.\" Everyone in Thorn Valley watched as Jeremy and Kiki flew toward the stature of Jonathan that was covered up. The two crows grabbed onto the tarp and spread their wings, flying into the air as they pulled the tarp off. Kristy gasped as she saw the additions on the statue. Now instead of just one figure, there were six figures. Jonathan, Elizabeth and Timmy stood together. Justin, Kristy and Evan stood together next to the Brisby family. The sign below the statue read Jonathan Brisby and Family. \"Oh my goodness\", Elizabeth gasped with tears in her eyes. \"It's wonderful!\" Kristy said. \"Justin, I love you.\" Everyone in Thorn Valley cheered as they looked at the new statues of their heroes. Hope you'll all enjoyed. I may come back for a one-shot in the future, but we'll see what happens ","Summary":" Hey-O! Welcome everyone to my new Secret of NIMH fic! This story will be based on Timmy to the Resc"},{"Movie":"Robocop","Title":"Broken Glass","Author":"daenabenjen42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8877941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Broken Glass (Drabble Series) Fandom: RoboCop: The Series Characters: Maybe not everybody... Disclaimer: *points at Orion Entertainment* Very, very disclaimed. Notes: As I did not see anything precluding fic for the big metal guy, I'm posting. I'm using the TV series continuity. That difference is the presence of Lisa Madigan rather than Anne Lewis, and Ellen Murphy became Nancy. Unto every ending... (Nancy Murphy, Lisa Madigan, and a nurse...) Truth The first thing she noticed upon entering the hospital emergency waiting room was a woman in police patrol armor attire. It made her pause and really look, noticing at once that something was not only wrong, but also personal. Very personal, for the officer to be here in armor, helmet in her hands, with an expression no one should ever have on their face. Sitting down next to the officer she didn't know, Nancy Murphy felt an instant connection to the woman. There was a devastating truth in those eyes, and all at once she didn't have to ask how bad it was. Trust Lisa Madigan didn't trust herself to speak coherently, so she didn't try to say anything at all. Not even when the unfamiliar woman sat down in the chair next to hers. To have seen her partner of not even one day... like that... her hands tightened their grip on the helmet. It was too much. \"Madigan?\" the woman questioned, just as a nurse came out and called his name, causing the woman to flinch. Lisa blinked. Was this...? No, it couldn't be. Could it? But as the woman turned to face the nurse, her suspicion was confirmed. This woman was his wife. Honor As the doctor called time of death, the nurse can't help but look at their patient's open eyes. Open, but now unseeing... more than distant. Dead. It is something he has seen far, far too often of late. He doesn't like it. Reaching over as other nurses around him begin to clean up the room, he closes the man's eyes and honors him with a solemn moment of silence. Then he sets about helping clean up, and doesn't miss another nurse nodding their approval at his respectful actions. The nurse shuddered to think of what could have caused the officer's injuries. Loyalty Before the nurse could beckon them to join him, Madigan put a hand up. \"Can we have a minute?\" Her voice sounded strained to her own ears. Odd. \"Somewhere private?\" The nurse paused, then nodded. \"Of course. The chapel is around the corner.\" When Murphy's wife turned to look at her, the nurse answered Madigan's unvoiced question with a quick headshake. No. She took a deep breath and led the woman to the chapel. No one else would tell his wife this. She owed him that much. Especially now. Love Silence reigned for long minutes as both women sat in the hospital chapel and Nancy Murphy waited for Madigan to find her voice again. \"You don't have to...\" \"I was his partner,\" Madigan told her suddenly. \"And yes. Yes I do.\" Nancy paused, blinking back tears. It said something about her husband that a brand new partner would feel obligated to pull her aside and explain... and break news, good or bad. In this case, it was bad. She knew that without asking. In a few moments in a hospital chapel, a friendship between two women began to form.[Chapter 2] Ghosts playing chess in cyberspace... (Alex Murphy and Diana Powers) Smart Diana watched him from the other side of the chess board, wondering just why he'd joined her in here. It wasn't as if he didn't have something to do, after all. He did, for somewhere a crime was always happening. \"Alex...\" \"Don't rush me,\" he muttered as he stared at the board intently. \"Russell said I was good at this game, and I've never played against a computer that wasn't in my head before.\" \"And you're not playing the computer now, either.\" He glanced at her, smirking, and suddenly Diana didn't have to wonder what his wife had seen in him. 99 \"So,\" he said after a minute of echoing silence that seemed to disappear into the edges of cyberspace and back again. \"Out of the hundred or so things we don't get to do anymore, what do you miss the most?\" \"Dessert,\" she said immediately, and moved a pawn forward. \"Hadn't let myself eat it for a year, and anything I generate in here just doesn't taste the same.\" She concentrated and an Icee appeared in her hand. \"See?\" Alex nodded. \"I do.\" \"What do you miss? Other than your family, I mean.\" He paused for a long moment, a strange expression on his face. \"Steak.\" Chief Alex shook himself and moved a pawn forward, then leaned back and looked at her. At her silent question, he frowned. \"What?\" \"You miss steak?\" It was a careful question, for she'd learned that he often had flashbacks. This felt like one of those. \"Yes. Odd thing to miss, isn't it?\" \"No, not really. I just thought you were going to say being able to sneak around without people hearing you coming.\" Alex paused. \"Hadn't thought of that.\" She nodded, let the Icee vanish back into the ether, and moved her knight forward. \"Little things.\" \"Like steak dinners and dessert.\" Agents An hour later, they were still playing, and he'd checked her six times. She'd reciprocated by checking him twice. \"Shouldn't you be getting back to patrol?\" \"Lippencott'll just demand I come in to have a sleep cycle.\" She'd let herself forget for a moment that he had a technician for a babysitter. \"And that's a bad thing?\" \"Don't want to sleep. Dreams.\" Diana blinked at the visible shudder. That explained some things. \"Oh. Of?\" He didn't say, but she could hear distant echoes of thunder and laughing long after he took his leave. Shoe Upon sitting down at his desk in the morning, the Chairman found a message waiting for him on his desk monitor. It was short, but no less important than every other message he got during the day... \"Mr. Chairman, it has come to our attention that there are things in life worth experiencing. These are, in no particular order: shoe shopping, steak dinner, a well-played game of chess, dessert, and being able to sneak around without being noticed. Life is wonderful, sir, and don't forget to enjoy the small things. - Murphy and Diana\" He sat there for long minutes before hitting save and taking a moment of silence out of respect for two lives forever changed.[Chapter 3] Questions, hints, and grief... (UDC 4) Gaze As she's gotten older, Gadget has often wondered many things about her friend who seems to have two names, \"Robocop\" and \"Murphy\", and a soft spot for her best friend Jimmy Murphy, though no one ever actually says anything about it. It's not until she's at Jimmy's house and sees the pictures of a very familiar face gazing up at her from photographs... that something clicks. Picking up the framed photo, she stares at it. At the man with dark hair in a police uniform holding a baby with Jimmy's mom, with eyes she knows though she has never met him before. Wink Jimmy watches as she picks up the photograph of his father, his mother, and himself as a baby and studies it intently, and wonders why she's so interested in it. It's just his family in that photo. One he's looked at often enough to have it memorized. What he wouldn't give, sometimes, to have his family be that again. Whole. Happy. Together. \"Gadget?\" She jumps a little, startled, and turns to him. \"This is of you, right?\" He nodded. \"Why?\" \"I don't have any like this.\" Oh. So that was what drew her to it... Distance As she puts the photo back where she found it, Gadget feels like wincing for not saying what was on her mind. She knows those eyes, that face under the helmet is the same. The same and yet... distant. Changed. Glancing at the photo one more time, she knows she made the right choice in keeping silent. It's not hers to tell, though it would probably help them to know. \"Where is he?\" The words are out before she even knows she's said them. Did it sound as stupid to him as it felt to ask? Cold as Ice The question draws him up short and he stares at her. \"What?\" Usually, no one ever asked that question. She motions to the photo. \"Him.\" It is a question he is unprepared to answer as his mother beckons them gently into the kitchen. How can he answer in just the right way? What had made her ask? The questions tumble through his mind like a landslide as he sits down at the kitchen table. Unable to speak, he simply looks back at her from across a table. Eternal Flame Gadget looked from Jimmy to his mother and back again, taking in the shocked silence that had settled around them. She looked away. \"I shouldn't have asked.\" \"No,\" Jimmy's mother said slowly. \"I'm glad you did, Gadget.\" Gadget blinked and looked at the woman who was smiling warmly at her, though her eyes were shimmering with unshed tears. \"I don't understand.\" \"It was six years ago today that Alex died. On duty.\" She reached over and held her son's hand, then took hold of Gadget's, held it firmly. \"And it's good to remember the bad with the good.\"[Chapter 4] A/N: Lines in italics are actual lines from the series. And because it was asked of me... I give you Alex. Prompts provided by the Balto Statue Plaque that exists in Central Park in New York City. Always a crime happening, somewhere... (Alex Murphy/Robocop) Endurance \" Do you know how many sleep cycles you've missed?\" That question from Charlie, in that tone of voice, makes him want to wince inside, and suddenly he's overtaken by a memory flash of a lecture involving staying out at all hours of the night, given by his father. It is gone as soon as it appears, but the defensive feeling remains. He'd missed at least five sleep cycles working on cases and doing patrols. Things had gotten done, people caught. \" I have a job to do.\" Charlie glares at him, annoyed. \" Yeah, well, you'd make my job a lot easier by sticking to the maintenance schedule.\" Fidelity Sometimes it happens when he least expects it: a memory flash that feels so real he can taste it. Reach for it, grab on, and never let go. And then it's gone again. People he sees, things they say... reminders of another life. His life... the life he lost in a hail of gun fire and cruelty. He never mentions the flashes to anyone, because it is a comfort. Private. As time has gone on, and he?s seen the people from the flashes again and again, he remembers more. \" Alex, can you help me?\" \" You're the greatest, Dad!\" \" You're never around when we need you, Alex!\" \" I really have to tell you something. I love you very much.\" \" Let's work on our multiplication tables.\" Intelligence It is hours after being decontaminated from the RicinX class one biotoxin that he surprises Sergeant Parks with the suggestion of testing for DNA from sweat left on a sweatshirt. The Sergeant's expression is surprised, but his eyes tell Robo something else... almost as if he's passed a test of some kind. But that doesn't make any sense. He had a test to pass? The Sergeant nods and seals the sweatshirt in an evidence bag. \"Good idea.\" Three hours later, after breaking himself out of a trash compactor after he should not have been able to, Robo understands. He remembers Madigan kneeling over him in the steel mill, terrified, and urging him to fight. No matter how long it's been, there are still some things to prove.[Chapter 5] A/N: I'm still not sure how I got from \"drabbles\" to \"episode tag\" but I did, so here it be, an episode tag for episode four, \"Officer Down.\" What happened there? Well... among other things, Robo got rammed by truck driven by Confederate Army-themed crazies (yes... in Detroit). Lisa Madigan yawned as she drank her morning coffee and walked back to the converted lab area to check on her partner. Entering the room, she paused. Robo's helmet was off, his eyes were closed, head slumped, posture... more relaxed than she'd ever seen it be when he was awake. But he couldn't be asleep at this hour, could he? Not even after an all-night patrol. It was unthinkable. Glancing around, she found Charlie sitting at a monitor, intently studying lines of code. \"What did I miss?\" \"Hmmm?\" Charlie glanced at her, smiled in acknowledgement, then returned to studying the lines of code. \"Enforced sleep cycle, by order of the Chairman.\" He glanced at her again, finally noticed the frown. \"Robo had a run in with a street gang last night. Got thrown thirty feet saving a family... someone fixed the damage in the field. Mostly. What they missed, I took care of an hour ago.\" Which explained why Charlie was so distracted, she mused as she turned and took a long look at her partner's sleeping face. \"And the sleep cycle?\" \"After the night he had?\" \"Ah.\" Eyes scanning the room, her gaze lit on a familiar chest plate... that had a nasty dent in it. Going over, she picked the heavy chest plate up, fully realizing just how much force it would have taken to dent the polymer metal reinforced with kevlar. She studied the dent for a long moment before setting the chest plate down again, only to pause when she noticed the helmet. Which was cracked. Very cracked. \"Detective?\" Charlie asked when he noticed her staring at the damaged pieces. She turned back to look at the sleeping cyborg again. \"How is he? A hit like that...\" Charlie pushed away from the computer terminal and looked at his sleeping charge, seeming to choose his words carefully. \"You missed the Chairman escorting him all the way in here, if that tells you anything. He stayed until I put Robo under and set about repairs. And he checked out. No memory loss from the shutdown in the field.\" Madigan nodded wordless as she sank into a chair, only remembering the coffee cup still in her hand when Charlie gently took it from her. She was still sitting like that, stunned into silence and staring at Robo as slept, when Sergeant Parks entered and startled her. \"Madigan, I...\" Parks studied her, looked at the sleeping cyborg, looked at Charlie, and decided to pull up a chair. \"He'll be fine.\" Blinking, Lisa shook herself. \"I know. It's just... so many close calls. And every time feels like the first.\" Parks nodded and looked at Charlie, only just noticing the concerned expression on his face and the coffee cup in his hand. \"You going to drink that?\" Charlie nodded to Madigan. \"It's hers.\" He glanced at Robo, then decided to pull up a chair as well, and handed to cup back to her. \"I didn't... what was he like? I see personality quirks sometimes, but it isn't the same as seeing a person and really getting to know them.\" Though startled by the unusually personal question, Lisa smiled. \"He loved his family, Charlie. Loved being a cop. And... oh! I know you've seen him do it. That spinning trick he does when he holsters his sidearm? He taught himself to do that because his son was interested in a show called T.J. Lazer. Only... he wasn't yet very good at it when... you know.\" Charlie stared at her. \"Really?\" \"Really.\" She shifted her gaze to Parks. \"And remember how he hated writing reports?\" \"Vividly,\" Parks told her. \"Still have to remind him on occasion to download 'em, too.\" Lisa chuckled. \"Was that last week or the week before?\" \"That's every week... including yesterday, right before evening patrol.\" Parks nodded to the dented chest plate and the cracked helmet. \"And he had the Chairman with him for a ride-along when that happened.\" Lisa frowned. \"In the middle of a zone-wide blackout?\" \"Yes.\" Parks glanced at Charlie. \"Did the Chairman seem a little more... compassionate this morning?\" Charlie glanced at the sleeping Robo, pursed his lips in frustration. \"Concerned. And yes. He did. He was probably also somewhat relieved because a shut down like that could have caused permanent amnesia.\" Now it was Lisa's turn to blink in confusion. \"What?\" \"The system wasn't designed to be shut down in an uncontrolled environment. I've been trying to make that problem... less, but there's only so much I can do. It is what it is.\" Charlie glanced away from them to look at the discarded chest plate and helmet. \"And who would have been expecting him to get rammed brutally by a truck while defending people?\" The three of them were startled by the tell-tale movement of servos, and Charlie looked to find his charge moving in his sleep. \"Odd...\" \"Odd how?\" Lisa asked. Charlie turned to look at the computer terminal he'd been studying when Lisa had walked in, and blinked at the rapidity of the lines of code appearing there. \"He's dreaming.\" \"And that's odd?\" \"No, but I thought he was under far enough that he wouldn't.\" Charlie turned back to find them both staring at him in confusion. \"What?\" \"He doesn't usually dream?\" Parks asked, now curious at Charlie's reaction. Charlie sighed. \"Remember how the system wasn't designed to be shut down without precautions?\" \"Yes...\" \"It also wasn't designed with a person in mind. He was supposed to be blank, completely, aside from the police experience. And he was... for a while. And then... well, then he had a violent flashback during a sleep cycle.\" Charlie nodded to Robo. \"You know the rest.\" Parks nodded slowly. \"Was that about the time that he went after those...\" \"Yes.\" \"Oh.\" Lisa glanced down at the cooling coffee in her hands, shrugged, and downed the rest of it. Then she stood up, threw the empty cup into a nearby trashcan, and moved to look at Robo closer. She could see his eyes moving beneath those eyelids, and wondered what was going on in that mind of his. Here he was, her partner, for all intents and purposes... Well, he was and he wasn't. In some ways, the man he'd been was gone forever. The bullet to the head had seen to that. But he was here. She saw him, underneath the computer programming, now and then. Slowly, she turned to look at Charlie. \"Call me when he wakes up again.\" Charlie nodded and watched her go, then looked at Parks. \"I didn't mean to stir up bad memories.\" Parks nodded. \"I think you helped, Charlie.\" And with that, Charlie was left alone to study the lines of code.[Chapter 6] A/N: Just when I wasn't going to join in for UDC 7, I got attacked by plot bunny. (And Omni 1? Working on it. :) ) UDC 7 – Week One 1. Baby The baby was very wiggly as the photographer tried to pose them for the picture, and he couldn't help but chuckle as he watched Nancy struggle to hold him. She turned, glared for a moment, and then handed Jimmy to him with a smirk. \"Here.\" Alex soon found out that stuggling to hold a squirming, protesting infant and smile at the same time was nearly impossible. Years later, after a horrific day and night, Nancy Murphy held the photograph and wept, wishing to return to that day when everything was simpler. Had it been only yesterday that she'd seen him off to work? 2. Child He'd been home for half an hour when he walked into the living room to see Jimmy watching TV, and caught the tail-end of a promo for a show airing that night. His son turned to him with a grin. \"Can you do that, Dad?\" Alex paused, wondering if he'd actually seen someone spin a laser pistol and then holster it. Slowly, he sat down next to his son. \"Maybe. When they show it again, we'll see.\" He spent months teaching himself to do it with his service pistol… after all, role models were very important to a boy. 3. Teenager Jimmy was still sitting, dumb-struck, in the police car when his mother showed up. Had he really seen what he thought he saw? Had Robocop just holstered his weapon like TJ Laser?! As he got out of Officer Madigan's patrol cruiser, and began talking to his mother for the first time in more than a week, Jimmy Murphy had no time to ponder what it might mean. But he didn't forget. Robocop would never know that he was now a role model to his son, even if his son would never know for sure that his father wasn't completely dead. 4. Adult As his father vented emotion over the situation, Robo took solace in the fact that someone was angry over the situation, but not at him. Someone else was angry, and he wanted to give an answer for who was responsible for him ending up like this. Wanted to, but didn't because the answer \"they're all mostly dead\" wasn't an answer he could or would give. As he looked into his father's eyes, he said the only thing he could. \"I'm still a cop.\" Russell Murphy nodded, eyes bright with unshed emotion. \"Yes. Yes, you are.\" 5. Elderly She was waiting at the kitchen table when he returned from putting an old case finally to rest, and held out a hand patiently. Wordlessly, he put the gun he'd taken out of the house into her waiting hand, and shook his head. \"Didn't have to.\" \"Good.\" Dorothy looked at it for a long moment, studied his face for a moment more, and then handed it back to him. \"Put it away.\" \"You're not going to ask.\" \"About...? \"How it went.\" \"No.\" He paused, nodded once, and moved to put the gun away.[Chapter 7] Week 2 – UDC 7 Healthy \"You be careful out there.\" Her tone was the first thing he noticed as he opened the front door that morning, and it made him pause. Had she ever sounded that worried before, or was it just the day, and the morning news of more mayhem than usual on her mind? Slowly, he turned and looked at her, and then nodded. \"Of course.\" \"You're not just saying that, are you, Alex?\" \"No. I'm not just saying that. I'm always careful.\" The 'as careful as a cop could be on the streets of Detroit in the middle of a crime wave' part of it went unsaid. Injured The call came around 6PM that evening and she was so stunned, she nearly burned her hand on the frying pan. Staring down at what she'd been making for dinner, Nancy let the words of the person on the other end roll over her. Then they stopped talking, waiting for her to say something in reply. A full minute went by before she acknowledged them again, voice still not trustworthy as she turned the burners off. Then she hung up the phone and went to bundle up her son to take him to his grandparents. Dinner was left forgotten on the stove. Sick It was the first time Jimmy had gotten sick since… well, since before that day when their lives had turned upside down and inside out. Nancy tried to smile as she watched him eat soup with glazed eyes, but couldn't. She kept remembering another night, spent at home with a sick child, and yelling at her husband when he finally got off shift that he was never around when they needed him. Now he really wasn't around, and all she wanted to do was fall into his arms and take it back. Stressed When push came to shove, Chip Chaykin did the only thing he could think of: grab the pushy woman police officer and threaten to sedate her with the sedative unless every last police officer stood by while he went on his merry way and ran far, far away from this mess he'd helped create. He was so busy worrying about Robocop and the other officers that he forgot about the one in his arms and was completely unprepared for her twisting in his grip and turning the tables on him. Frustrated It was madness, everything that had happened to her in the last three days, Diana reflected as she both looked the Chairman in the eye and slowly put the power grid back in order. The Chairman hadn't said a word yet to her as he looked around the room, apparently taking everything in. Then he focused on her, sitting in the flux, staring back at him tiredly. \"Hi.\" \"Miss Powers?\" he asked, finally, recognizing her. Sighing needlessly, Diana proceeded to explain what she knew of how she'd ended up interfaced with a computer. Which wasn't much, as she'd gone from being falsely praised for finding something in paperwork one moment, to being murdered for her brain the next.[Chapter 8] A/N: Omni 1 asked for something specific, and I love to jump around the timeline, and there was this challenge called the fifty sentences challenge... With moderator approval to do drabbles instead of single sentences, I bring you this chapter. Wall It hit him so suddenly, he almost felt like he'd run into a wall as he stared through the window, Gadget nearly forgotten beside him. Reality of years gone by and things lost slammed down around him as he watched his wife explain to Fanny Lamour that their son was missing, and all he wanted to do in that moment was join her in there, demanding and yelling and screaming for answers and solutions. Anything but listen as she explained that they'd had a fight over normal things. What finally made him turn away from the window was the angry boy who seemed to be staring at him from the TV screen, as if he was to blame for everything being so messed up. If Robo hadn't made up his mind before, what he saw there in those eyes had done exactly that. \"What's there to smile about?\" would echo in his mind all the way back to Metro South, along with the sounds of remembered gunfire and cruel laughter. Bridge Like everyone else standing around in the room for target practice and watching the metal man shoot the target to pieces, she'd been wondering about him. About who it might be under that helmet, if there was, in fact, a person under there. And then she saw something that shocked and startled her to her core: the way he holstered his weapon. She'd seen that before. Seen someone practicing that very thing, perfecting it with the ammunition removed during down time. Only... it couldn't be. Could it? He'd died of traumatic injuries! There was a death certificate on record! She'd been at his funeral! It just couldn't be. They wouldn't have. Couldn't have. And just like that, Officer Lisa Madigan's world was turned on its ear and she was determined to find out if she was right... Architect It was pride that kept him at the top. Pride in himself and in what he did to help those around him. Pride in his projects. There had been mishaps. There had been unintentional death. That was business, plain and simple. As Richard Jones watched Bob Morten walk away, his frown turned into a grimace. There was going to be another death, now. Morten had just signed his own death warrant, though he didn't know it yet. But he would, within twenty-four hours time. It would be cruel. But then... business was often cruel. Different When his grandfather rejoined him after speaking to Robocop, the expression on his face was different. Puzzling. As if he was trying to work something through and couldn't figure out what to say. \"Grandpa?\" His grandfather blinked down at him for a long moment, and then suddenly he was hugging him. Jimmy was confused, but let the hug continue until his grandfather pulled back to look at him again. \"I know your father would be proud of you, of how you handled yourself in there tonight, Jimmy.\" Now it was Jimmy's turn to blink in confusion. \"How?\" \"Because I am.\" Alike The sound of the doors opening caused Charlie to turn away from the computer screen, and he frowned to find retired Captain Russell Murphy standing there with what looked suspiciously like a chess board. \"Can I help you?\" The Captain glanced at him, then his gaze shifted to the cyborg who currently had his helmet off, eyes closed for a sleep cycle, sitting in the maintenance chair. \"I'll need a table.\" \"A table?\" \"To set up the game.\" The Captain nodded to Robo. \"He been asleep long?\" Charlie suddenly understood and went to go find a table. He was treated to the sight of an unexpectedly lively chess match. Catch It was an emergency she nearly missed, and as she held onto his fading functions for dear life, urging him not to leave her, Diana wanted to kick herself. Repeatedly. How could she have missed the Chairman's system being activated like that?! It was inexcusable! \"Come on, Alex! I'll haunt you forever! That's a promise!\" And it was. And, suddenly, it wasn't just her handing onto him from the inside for dear life, but also Charlie by remote contact, fixing what the termination program had broken. She'd never been so happy to have someone else take the burden off her shoulders in her entire life. Tale Lisa found the teenager sitting at a computer terminal, staring at information she shouldn't have even been looking at, and had to pause for a moment to wonder why there were tear tracks on Gadget's face. It was odd to see her crying, for she was normally very upbeat. \"Gadget?\" \"I saw pictures today,\" Gadget said slowly, not looking away from the screen. \"Of him. At Jimmy's house.\" Lisa blinked in realization. \"Oh.\" \"I wanted to tell when I realized. Wanted to, but...\" And then Gadget crumpled into Lisa's waiting arms. \"It's not fair!\" She couldn't have agreed with her more. Telling It was hours after he'd left her again, and Diana was alone with her thoughts as she multi-tasked the entire city without thinking about it. She'd liked him, Charlie Lippencott. He could dance, he had manners, and he had let her go with what little explanation she'd been able to give him. Why couldn't she have met him when she had still actually had a body? Afterwards, Charlie would hear I Only Have Eyes For You faintly and smile in remembrance, never realizing she was telling him without actually telling him. No one ever said she couldn't hint. Hidden The Chairman waited until the officers had left before moving with prescision to his desk and beginning the process of changing the Zone Five immobilization switch. He could only imagine how frustrated Robocop was at not being able to enter a zone where crime was going on. As he changed the directive, the Chairman smiled. \"Okay, Murphy. Time to take the gloves off.\" Later, when he read the reports on the incident, he was startled to find out that one James Murphy had also been there in the middle of it all. Claim The woman standing before him had made a claim that he could not confirm or deny. It made no sense. None at all. She'd looked over his shoulder, took a deep breath, and looked him directly in the visor, eyes full of determination. \"Murphy, it's you!\" Not sure how to respond to something that made no sense, he detoured around her. Blank Voices babbling around her, Lisa knew something was wrong the moment she saw the uncharacteristic blankness in his eyes that had not been there the day before when they'd been joking about his new vehicle that Charlie had shown them the specs on. She could see the confusion without him needing to say something. \"Hey, are you okay?\" \"I don't... remember.\" Stunned, she nearly missed the Chairman blowing up about signing his company over to a madman. Empty It had taken losing her body to realize how small her life had been. How empty. How insignificant. Before, all she'd wanted to do was be successful, climb the career ladder, to do her job well, and to find errors in the paperwork that no one else could. That's what she'd been doing, when she had walked in at the wrong or right moment, after all... her job. Now... well, now, she was beyond climbing the ladder. And, when she thought about it, her head was full providing for the daily needs of a million or more people. And she'd have loved a real aspirin, because it gave her a headache. Brainache. Whichever it was, Diana still wanted an aspirin. Full The bin was full of money, all right: burned money! Money they'd just risked their lives and their freedom to steal. As he screamed and hollered at the man whose job it had been to rig the charges, Clarence Boddicker had but one thought: this guy was going to die. Today, if possible. Didn't matter how. Not ten minutes later, they were heaving him, wounded, out of the back door of the van at a police car as a delaying tactic. Far The river hadn't been very far from the house on Primrose lane, he realized as he got out of the car and shut the door. He remembered fishing here with his father and his son on a blustery afternoon, several months before the nightmare of the steel mill. Jimmy had caught a small catfish, his father hadn't caught anything, and he... had caught several fish, one a big bass that had caused his son to smile up at him and say: \"When I grow up, I wanna be just like you, Dad!\" Robo stood at the water's edge for a long while and reveled in the memories of that afternoon. Beyond It hadn't escaped Russell Murphy's notice that everyone, including The Chairman of OCP, were concerned as Robocop boarded the helicopter to go deal with a mad man who was threatening the lives of everyone in a ten-to-twenty mile radius. As the helicopter took off with Robocop aboard, he turned to find the Chairman, Seargent Parks, and Detective Madigan staring into the dark sky after it for a few moments longer before each seemed to shake themselves and return to the task at hand. Madigan caught his eye and smiled slightly. \"He's never careful enough for his own good.\" \"Ah.\" Somehow, he got the feeling it was more than that... Heal Back at the station after the madness of the night, Lisa finally had time to sit and wonder how he'd gone from not remembering a thing to battling a street gang and fixing whatever was broken at Public Works that had caused the city-wide blackouts. She'd tried asking Charlie about it, but he seemed more confused than she felt, and he'd muttered something about having been napping one minute, and being woken by the Chairman inexplicably exclaiming \"murder!\" repeatedly and Robo's metal backside as he'd stormed out. Well... however it had happened, she was glad it had. Very, very glad. Steady The sound of Lisa's steady, mechanical breathing was the first thing to greet her as Diana materialized at his side in a holographic whirl. Diana sighed and looked closely at the sleeping woman who had nearly died because she'd been infected with a virus and let everything go to heck for an entire afternoon. Some days, it just didn't pay to get out of her flux shower at Public Works. \"Diana?\" the question was neutral, but she could hear the curiosity underneath. She glanced at him, tried to smile, and failed miserably. \"Hi.\" \"They are working on programming the nanites now.\" \"I know,\" Diana let the silence hang there between them while she contemplated what it would take to get Charlie to make it so Alex could use contractions. It was maddening, sometimes! \"So, really... you hated Disco?\" \"Yes.\" Later, when Lisa woke up from her nanite surgery, she'd wonder why a hospital would be playing \"Celebration!\" over it's PA system, and also why Robo seemed disgruntled... Aid The officers responding to the scene at the warehouse got there after Robocop, stunned to find him out cold and twitching on the ground. What could have done this? Wasting no time, they radioed for aid specifically for their one and only cyborg police officer. When Lippencott arrived with a handful of technicians, the expression on his face was livid, and he set right to work assessing the damage. They couldn't tell if it was clinical concern, or the real thing, but maybe it didn't matter either way. Kinship \"Your husband was an officer of Metro South. We are all family.\" It was true, he reflected as he watched her glance back at him while the other officers took her statement. The explanation he had given her for the criminal's inexplicable behavior was true. Nancy Murphy would never know that what was left of her husband underneath the armor and the programming had come as close as he ever would to telling her the truth, while also reminding her that she had a family out there who all wore blue, protected the innocent, and did their best to uphold the law. Family. Falter Frank Uno wasn't sure what to think as he raised his head after struggling up the stairs and looked at the woman who was and wasn't there, who glowed with unnatural light. Was she real? Was any of this nightmare real? Had his sqaudmates really died one by one from being eaten up by disease from the inside out? And was that really his childhood friend underneath the armor whom he'd nearly killed not two days ago with a cannon that spat supercharged plasma? He tried to take another step forward, but the pain caused him to double over and fall to the floor. His questions would go unanswered, even as Murphy offered to call paramedics for him and was refused. The white-hot pain was real, and that was answer enough. Heart Walking through what had been his house, he remembers things. Snippets of the life he had lived in it. His son watching television, his wife up late tiredly paying bills... a shared moment of intimacy in their bedroom. Putting a picture up on the wall with her. Taking a heavy box from her and putting into a closet on a high shelf. Finally, in the kitchen amid debris on a long-unused stove, he finds a picture. Staring at the smiling faces, on of them his own, it is hard to believe. The silence, save for the automated real estate agent, makes it harder still. Soul Standing behind the van and staring into the vacant eyes of his former partner, Robo is determinded to find the man beneath the conditioning. To find him like he himself had been found under the amnesia on a dark night at a gas station. This was Malloy, so... \"What is Malloy's rule number one?!\" At first, there was only a blank stare, so he asked again, and then a third time. And then Timothy Malloy blinked and slowly, with great effort, told him: \"There is... not-thing... better... than... being... a cop. Cop. Cop!\" Satisfied, Robo loosened his grip slightly. \"Thank you. Partner.\" Malloy's eyes went wide as he realized who was standing in front of him. Truth Growing up at Childrens Services, the truth was something she wasn't familiar with. No one was honest, not even the social workers, and certainly not Fanny Lamour. The woman lied to her all the time! But... sitting in the car with Robocop and hearing him ask a question, Gadget couldn't help but wonder if maybe it was a bad thing that everyone around her lied all the time. Hope Lisa had been watching the activity of the squad room over the top of Gadget's head when the girl suddenly pushed away and looked at her. \"Better?\" Gadget nodded slowly. \"It's still not fair.\" \"Nope.\" \"What was he like when he was Jimmy's dad?\" Lisa suddenly had the really strange urge to chuckle. \"Oh, he still is, Gadget. He still is.\" \"That's not what I meant!\" Lisa tried to smile. \"I know. You mean... before. Before the suit.\" \"Yes!\" Distracted for a moment by the object of their conversation escorting a perpetrator to the front desk and then stomping back out again, Lisa smirked. There was so much she could say, but all of it was blackmail material! \"Sarge is going to have to remind him to download his reports again...\" Gadget frowned. \"What does downloading reports have to do with anything?\" Faith He understood everything the Chairman had told him about the system shutdown in the field. Understood that if they did it here, without a controlled situation, what kind of risk he was taking even thinking about letting Joe patch the damaged cable. But... but there was a sick little boy offering encouragement in between wracking coughs while he cheered his father on. A little boy who had the same faith that his father could fix everything, who reminded him of Jimmy and was inspiring memory flashes. A little boy who might not make it through the night if they didn't do something drastic. For that little boy, it was worth the risk. He stared back at the Chairman, and let the words fall where they may. \"To be human, is to risk.\" Depth It is weeks after that night spent in his friend's office apartment in the shut-down and abandoned factory that something finally clicks into place. Watching television with his healing son, Joe frowns at the mention of a slain police officer in connection with the teenager being interviewed by Ortega in relation to the CAP Crew. Nudging Josh, he asks: \"What did they say the boy's last name was?\" Josh yawns, thinks for a moment. \"Murphy?\" Thinking back to that night, to the eyes he'd looked into when he had removed the helmet with a drill... it makes sense. Everything said between the OCP Chairman and the cyborg suddenly makes sense. \"Oh.\" Lovely There was a knock at the door, but when she went to answer it, no one was there. Frowning, she was about to close the door again when she saw the white roses, two of them, laying on the doormat. Before picking them up, she glanced around, wondering who could have left them. Seeing no one, suspicious or otherwise, she picked them up and took them inside. At the kitchen table, as she prepared to put them in a vase, the note attached gave her pause. It was a prayer, a moving one involving the lost and departed, and by the end of it, she couldn't hold back the tears. It was unsigned. Later, Jimmy would find the note propped up against a vase containing the two white roses on their kitchen table and ask her, and she would refuse to explain. Distract It was a simple thing, pulling the woman to him and distracting her with a kiss at the right moment during the test of the new interceptor. For a few seconds, he nearly managed to make himself forget she was criminal out to do bad things, to pretend it wasn't life or death that he kissed her. That it was just them, and only them... and then the moment was over and she smiled at him. He returned the smile, knowing it wasn't going to last between them. Half a minute later, the interceptor exploded, and he sighed. Playing the part of the harried business executive was something he knew well. Too well. Bearing As they had time to stand around after Robo saved their lives, Charlie finally had time to actually look at the cyborg with a practiced eye and couldn't help but frown as he realized he wasn't moving very well. And the sealed scar in the chest plate... \"Sit down. Right now.\" Sargeant Parks frowned at him. \"Charlie?\" Charlie ignored the Sargeant as he led Robo to a sturdy chair and made him sit down. \"Now what in the name of OCP happened to you?\" \"Temporary repairs,\" Robo answered succinctly, and then automatically gave him a status report of all systems without actually telling him the why of needing the repairs in the first place, or how he'd known how to do it. Charlie had to resist the urge to go and give the idiot who fired the weapon a piece of his mind when Madigan explained it. Troublesome It was only later, after everything had settled down, that it hit her. Walking through the sanctuary of the church two days after the incident, Lisa Madigan had a realization. He'd asked her to meet him here, of all the places they could have met... and had been telling her where he'd been that night without actually saying it. Sitting down in the very first row at the front of the church and staring up at the cross above the altar, she felt like chuckling. It made sense, in a weird way, that he'd have come here if something of a religious nature bothered him. What didn't make any sense was his not coming right out and telling them he'd gone to church to think, if it would have saved him from being shut down. It violated the public trust to admit things were bothering him enough to need guidance of a spiritual nature? Weave She turned to find a man standing there and couldn't help but stare at him. Oh, she knew him, all right. Knew who he was and probably what he was doing here in the middle of NeuroBrain in cyberspace with her, but she had never actually spoken to him herself. In fact, she hadn't really spoken to anyone but Alex and the Chairman since she'd technically (but not really) died and become part of a computer, it was so odd seeing him that they just stared at each other for a minute too long. Finally, she found her voice. \"Charlie Lippencott?!\" He blinked. \"You know me?\" Oh right. He didn't know her. What to say in this situation? \"Er... no. I've seen you around.\" Had seen him sleeping rather adorably at a computer station at Metro South once, too, even if she hadn't had time to dwell on it, were she really honest. Fray Watching her, Robo couldn't help but think of a frayed rope. Why Madigan reminded him of a frayed rope when she was sitting in a chair and fidgeting with a pill case, he wasn't sure, but it was a thing. He wanted to help her, but nothing helpful came to mind, so he stayed silent. And then his wife turned up to take Madigan home, and awkwardness abounded. He didn't miss the amusement in Madigan's voice after he exited the small office, either. Friend Listening to the Sargeant give an order for Robo to return to the station, and Alex's reply of non-compliance \"at this time,\" Diana instantly knew it was going to be a big, big problem if she didn't do something. It wouldn't solve this mess, and it would probably cause Parks to put out an APB on the Robo-Cruiser, it would give them time desperately needed to figure things out further. She held up a holographic hand, forestalling him from digging an even deeper hold with Parks. \"Allow me.\" At Metro South, a dispatch officer, Parks, Charlie, and Gadget were flabbergasted when Robo's signal disappeared form the map. Parks, predictably, put out an All Points Bulletin for their wayward cyborg. Brother He'd gone back to the tech room where Robo's chair was, trying to figure out what was going on with his charge to make act so... odd. It just wasn't in Robocop's nature to disobey the law. Not in his nature, not in the programming, and something in how Diana had reacted to the revelation of the theft of the power enhancer made him wonder if maybe they weren't looking at this thing the right way. A beep caught his attention, and Charlie glanced at a monitor nearby to find Diana looking back at him against a really colorful background. He blinked, and moved to enter the VR environment to talk to her. What she told him about Murphy's widow having been abducted as leverage made everything suddenly make total sense. Comrade As Parks watched Robocop walk away and get into his car, and he listened to Charlie hurriedly explain about Nancy Murphy, everything about the cyborg's behavior suddenly started making sense. Of course he would act this way if he was protecting his family and didn't know where the information was being leaked. Not for the first time in two days, Sargent Stanley Parks wished Madigan wasn't still off at that convention. She'd have told him to wait and watch... and then tracked Robo down to grill him herself. Weather she'd have actually gotten an answer, he didn't know. He also didn't know how he was going to explain this to his adopted daughter when he got back to the station. Spouse He'd been surprised when Robo had suddenly grabbed his arm just as he had gone to remove the helmet... and then he heard Gadget say something. \"Ow, hey! Let go! No kids allowed!\" Then the grip released and Charlie swung around quickly to find a smiling Gadget standing there with an unfamiliar boy. A boy who was very quickly identified as... oh. Oh. No wonder Robo had grabbed his arm. In short order, Madigan entered the room with a blonde woman, very obviously the boy's mother, who practically dragged him out by his ear while he protested about slogans for protest signs. Charlie watched them go, not really surprised at the unease the woman hadn't been able to keep off her face at the sight of Robo, and then sighed. He'd known something was off, at least now there was an explanation. Child Looking down at his son as he fought to find words that wouldn't make him panic while he was panicking himself, Robo didn't have to be reminded that the teenager had already been through far too much. \"She will be late.\" \"But she went to the store hours ago!\" Putting a now-metal hand on Jimmy's shoulder, Robo tried again. \"She will be home. I am going to take you to a friend's house.\" Jimmy looked up at him for a long moment before nodding, trust in his eyes. \"Okay.\" And then he went to go pack a bag for himself while Robo waited at the door and glanced at the pictures on the walls, his attention drawn to one in particular. The one they'd taken as a family when Jimmy was six months old... and wiggly. Very, very wiggly. Ever Lisa chuckled at Gadget's question. \"You asked what he was like before.\" \"But... downloading reports?\" \"Sarge has to remind him frequently to do it.\" Lisa waited while Gadget thought about it, then blinked in realization. \"Alex didn't like writing reports, Gadget.\" Gadget nodded slowly. \"I think I get it.\" Lisa smiled. \"Good.\" Never \"Use the king.\" Russell Murphy stared into the night sky for a moment, wondering just who had taught Robocop to play chess to the point where he was using chess references as code for strategy. And not just any chess reference, either, but one he had taught his son long ago. In a way, it was comforting... it felt like Alex was here in spirit. Turning, he frowned at Parks and Madigan. \"He wants to use the Chairman as a distraction to get Felix away from the window.\" And someday, maybe someone would be able to explain why a robot played chess like his son... Scorn Pudface Morgan stood triumphantly over the fallen metal giant, a foot firmly on the chest plate. He'd gotten his revenge at last, the mighty Robocop was down and there was nothing he could do but lay there! At last! Victory! It was sweet, and he could taste it! It was his! All his! And it had only taken kidnapping some kid and the use of a wrecking ball to accomplish! He needed to have days like this more often! And then he sneezed, at once reminded of why he hated the metal menace currently lying on the ground. Betrayal He'd gone from celebrating with two rather unintelligent but beautiful models one minute, to someone pointing a gun at him and telling the models to leave, to being shot, to listening to a recording of Dick Jones explaining, poorly and surperiorly, why he had to die tonight, the next. It made no sense and happened so fast that all Bob Morton had time to really process was that there was a criminal in his living room with a weapon, a grenade, a smirk, and a DVD with bad tidings. And then Bob knew no more. Potency He knew how close he'd come to losing his life tonight as he thanked Robocop for catching him. And for what? A sense of belonging with criminals who were distributing drugs while pretending to keep order and work with the cops? What would his father have thought of this mess? That thought stopped Jimmy short and he forced himself to take a deep breath. It wasn't long enough ago, and there were still days when he'd find himself wishing the impossible. Looking up at Robocop, he frowned. \"Can you take me home?\" Robocop nodded. \"Just as soon as you give your statement.\" Why did the familiarity of police procedure suddenly feel comforting? Limit She'd passed the limit of what she could handle when she had arrived home via police escort to find an empty house, and Nancy Murphy finally allowed herself to lean against a wall after she'd closed the door and slide to the floor, and just sit there for twenty minutes. Why had the mad man used her to get Robocop to steal something for him? It made no sense! Eyes alighting on the table where she kept family photos, Nancy wondered what her husband would have thought of it. As it was, she was pretty sure he wouldn't have let Robocop rescue her alone. Anchor The man wasn't going to listen to a direct order to get out of the vehicle. He could see that as clearly as he knew Charlie was going to give him a lecture about letting people plow into him with vehicles again. Setting the rambolts deadfast into the street surface, Robo locked his legs and braced for imapact. Then he broke Dennis Finch's car with extreme prejudice. For Madigan, who had sobbed upon waking up that first time to the realization that she was paralyzed. And also for Diana, who had been infected with a nanite-driven virus and had subjected everyone in the city to bad cartoons, traffic jams, power outtages, and disco music all afternoon until he'd gotten the cure to her over her own protests. Harbor Standing at the water's edge, Robo could see the still form of his former partner beneath the surface on his thermograph scan and couldn't help but berate himself for not having been faster. If he'd just been quicker to aim and fire, Tim would still be alive and those two idiots wouldn't have been able to shoot that rocket launcher. Just when he had gotten beneath the programming and forcibly dragged Malloy to the surface with his own rules of being a cop... Robo avoided computer terminals for several days afterward. Diana would have forced him to talk about it, and he really didn't want to. Adrift Sitting on the stack of cinder blocks in the steel mill, Robo felt lost. Adrift in a sea of knowledge and images of a life he'd lived but had no connection to. He'd meant what he said, about feeling his family but not really remembering them. To him, they were images. Feelings. But anything more than that... was a blank. Was it six months ago that his life had been forever changed? Just six months? A year? However long it was, it didn't matter. No... what mattered now was the present and the danger. Greetings The sudden sound of a car door shutting caused Emil spin, only to come face to face with a man in a steel blue suit of armor. He frowned, raised his weapon, and then the officer said something that sent him into shock. For a moment, it was months earlier and he and Dougy were chatting, and a police officer said those same words... right before they killed him. But it couldn't be. Could it? That was impossible. Right? Right?! Shaken, Emil babbled madly. \"Hey! I know you! We killed you! We killed you!\" He did not remember hitting the pavement when his bike was shot out from under him. Goodbye They danced around cyberspace as one, neither wishing to put an end to the perfect simplicity of being in one another's arms but both knowing it had to come to an end eventually. It was the first time in eight months for Diana to be touching another person, and Charlie... didn't get time off to go dancing often enough. In the end, Diana kissed him on the cheek, thanked him for the dance, and watched him disappear back to the tech room at Metro South. Fleeting Nancy entered the hospital room to find Robocop standing guard at Lisa's bedside, and frowned. He had time to watch over the ill and injured? Shaking off the questions she wanted to ask, Nancy approached the bed. \"How is she?\" There was a pause as he turned to look at her. \"Sedated.\" \"You can go. I'll stay with her for a while.\" He turned back to the bed. \"I was waiting for her to wake again. She was... panicked the first time.\" Nancy nodded. It was understandable. \"Like I said, I'll stay for a while. Go do what you need to do.\" Eternal Standing in the sanctuary of what had been in family church, he could almost touch the ghosts of his memory as well as see them. So much had happened since he'd last stood in this place as a member of the congregation. So much, that he didn't know where to start or which questions to ask, or who to ask them of. Was it him who had changed or the world around him? \"Oh, Alex. What are you doing here?\" As he turned to look at Diana, Robo was having trouble explaining that to himself. It was hard when that question had so many answers, not all of them pleasant.[Chapter 9] A/N: The AU part of this involves someone not having been asleep during something crucial… UDC 7 - Week 3 – Charlie Lippencott and Diana Powers (AU) Attraction He'd run out of ideas on what to do, now that Robo wasn't in need of further repairs. The only problem? Now the cyborg seemed to have inexplicable amnesia. So, for lack of anything else to try while the Chairman sat basically at his elbow, Charlie found himself thumbing through an operations manual. Suddenly, all the computer screens in the room went staticky and both men jumped as a shower of sparks heralded the appearance of a woman in the center of the room. She nodded to Robo. \"Got business with the big guy.\" Charlie stared at her, dumbfounded, as she proceeded to explain her predicament and then fix what he hadn't been able to. Love There were too many coincidences, Charlie reflected as he saw her again on his first data probe into NeuroBrain. From Robo having information that he couldn't have gotten by himself from Pentagon computers, to the mystery of how Gadget had seen him in hologram form… \"Hello again.\" Diana blinked for a long moment, then smiled. \"That's right. In all the excitement, I'd forgotten. You know… sort of. Hello, Charlie.\" \"So... no leaks in here, then?\" Her gaze went distant for a moment as she touched one of the virtual blue streams. \"No. You might want to try employee access .\" Under normal circumstances, he'd have asked her out for coffee. Commitment As they shared their first and probably only dance, Diana smiled at him. \"We can't do this, you know. We're professionals.\" \"Can't dance?\" \"This. Between us. It can't happen. I'm not…\" Charlie silenced her protests with a virtual kiss, and then whirled her around the dance floor. There would be time enough to discuss what they could and could not do. For now, though, it was just a dance, and it was just them. Alive or not, solid or not… it didn't matter to him. Marriage The most unusual marriage ceremony in the history of Michigan was performed by the Chairman of OCP in cyberspace, two years to the day since both parties had seen each other for the first time in the middle of a crisis. Diana had picked the day due to needing to remember it for something good, and Charlie… didn't care what day it happened on, so long as it happened. Their lone witness had spiked into cyberspace wearing, rather uncustomarily, formal police dress blues. Neither the Chairman, nor the Bride and Groom, commented on this. Anniversary They were alone again in the expanse that was cyberspace, and Diana couldn't stop smiling at him. For some reason, she was incredibly glad he hadn't let her get away with the \"we're so different, I'm legally and physically dead, and it'll never work\" speech. \"You never did say what the bad thing was about this anniversary,\" Charlie said after a while. \"Aside from nearly being killed twice in the same day?\" He stared at her. \"Oh.\" \"Dance with me?\" They did.[Chapter 10] Week 4 - UDC 7 Snow The wind was biting cold and the snow was falling in near white-out conditions, but none of them cared for there was opportunity out here in the darkened Zone Five of Old Detroit, where the copper lines went on forever. As the leader, the Colonel who had been out of the Amazon War for long enough to get his bearings and realize no one cared what he did serving his country, stood up and addressed his unit, they all cheered in agreement. The streets were ripe for the taking and pillaging. Sand It felt like she was buried in sand, Diana realized as she hung, suspended in the middle of a cybernetic web. She wanted to scream, cry out, anything but simply hang there and be squished out of existence by a specialized computer virus that had been planted by… who had planted it? Had that really been Chip Chaykin wearing a dress? Everything was getting hazy, and it was hard to think. Hard to do anything by hang there, suspended in forever. And then, suddenly, she could move again, and someone familiar was calling her name. Water The evening news tended to be a source of amusing ridicule, but as Russell Murphy picked up his water glass from the end table, he heard something that caused him to stare at the screen of the television. A deadly biotoxin? How had that happened? \"Russell?\" Dorothy asked him, having noticed the shock. He blinked, handed the water glass to her, and moved to stand. \"I have to call Metro South.\" \"At this hour?\" \"Yes.\" Dorothy was left wondering why a report about Robocop having been exposed to a biotoxin would shake him so badly. Then again… she was concerned, too. And Detective Madigan didn't cover her slips of the tongue nearly as well as she thought she did. Heat It was the first time she'd been to a beach of any kind since… before. Before her life had changed so irrevocably and she'd gained a family of law enforcement officers when all she wanted was one. Hers. It felt wrong to be standing on this beach, enjoying the crisp sea air, so far away from her son and missing out on things. And then her companion reached out and touched her hand, reminding her of his presence. Nancy smiled at him, at once taken aback that she'd forgotten he was there, and stunned that she'd allowed herself to actually take a vacation that was turning into so much more. Clouds \"That one looks like a monkey,\" Diana said as she craned her neck and looked upward, wanting to distract Charlie from the fact that she wasn't solid in his world. \"With a banana.\" Charlie glanced upward, frowned at the cloud patterns. \"I see a spoon up there, too. Stop trying to distract me.\" \"What if I want to?\" \"Diana...\" \"What?\" \"I'll spot your monkey and raise you a roller skating hippo.\" She frowned. There wasn't a… \"Charlie!\" \"What? Give it five minutes, it'll probably happen.\" She chuckled. \"All right. I'll stop trying to distract you from… this.\" Her hand passed right through him.[Chapter 11] Week Five – UDC 7 – Heartbreakers (episode 18, series canon) Seek He wasn't sure what he was looking for as he worked his way into electronic files he did not have clearance for, but he knew it when he found it. Knew it, but wasn't sure what to make of the fact that they'd used a dead cop to run autonomic systems for a robot… did that make it something else? And wasn't that against some kind of human rights convention? Wilson Eberhart was still processing it in his mind when Brock turned up in his office to talk about their scheme that he hadn't yet thought about the consequences of such knowledge, or why it would have been so heavily protected. Sneak Robo knew it wouldn't go undetected for long, but he couldn't risk telling anyone about this. Especially when he had no idea how on earth the criminal holding his wife had found out his identity in the first place to be able to blackmail him with it. He opened the evidence locker roughly, not even caring about the noticeable damage, and walked out with the enhancer in hand. He was so lost in thought that he didn't see Gadget or Charlie, staring dumbfoundedly after him. He had a woman who didn't even know why she'd been kidnapped to save. Steal Parks stared into the empty case, not quite believing his eyes. \"What the…\" After the confrontation at the factory, it made no sense for Robo to not have brought it with him. He looked at Robo with wide eyes. \"The scope never left the factory,\" the cyborg answered, and Parks could almost hear the underlying smirk in his tone. Parks stared at him momentarily, and then nodded to the other officers in the room, guiding Nancy toward them. \"All right. Someone take Mrs. Murphy's statement and then take her home.\" Share When she finally laid eyes on the man after being locked in that room for hours with no explanation, he seemed to be bursting at the seems with excitement every time he looked at her. Almost as if he wanted to share some secret that was burning a hole in his pocket. And the hints directed toward that robotic policeman, as if there was some kind of connection between them. None of it made any sense. Was there some kind of connection between them? She didn't know, but the metal man always threw her for a loop with responses that reminded her so much of Alex it hurt at times. Sell After Robocop and Sargent Parks left his office, the Chairman sat down at his desk and turned to stare out the window. Two officers were dead and a weapon never meant for the streets was out there somewhere in the hands of criminals. He didn't like it when things like this happened. He really, really did not. The Chairman glanced at his desktop monitor, wondering what Diana thought of this mess for a moment before shaking his head. No… he didn't need to ask her to know she was probably working on finding the leak herself.[Chapter 12] Week 6 – UDC 7 – On the peripheral… Serious Bea liked the kid well enough, but she was always trying to be helpful where she wasn't needed, and it was hard to concentrate with her around. It was like being at home with her own kids, and right this moment Gadget was trying her patience. Under any other circumstances, were she not trying to coordinate police cars from a communication board and headset, she'd have been actively listening to Gadget and the boy talk and would have realized who he was. But she wasn't, and didn't, and missed an opportunity for discretion. Silly Chip Chaykin been working with these kids for weeks while helping Doctor Mallardo implement the NeuroBrain system for MetroNet, but it was the first time he'd ever seen their leader, who was manic in the best of times, call them to arms. Even turned away from him, the young man's posture was electric, fist raised in the air. He had to wonder, for just this moment, what the kid would have amounted to had he not ended up leader of a street gang. The leader certainly knew how to motivate his people, even if his words were ridiculous. \"All right, boys! Let's make the square hold!\" Charming He stood in his office in front of cameras yet again because the police had found illegal weaponry in some warehouse that he owned, and all Reggie Braga wanted to do was roll his eyes and send the reporters away. This was just one more thing, in a very long line of things, and it was getting to be that he couldn't be a gunrunner without tripping over a police officer at every turn. He put on his best smile, and proceeded to play to the people. \"What do I know about guns? I'm in the nut business.\" And popped a pecan into his mouth for good measure. Rude He was going to give them all a piece of his mind for not letting him in on the action this time, when he'd been integral to the plan working in the first place so they could pull off the raid. Was going to, but then Sargent Parks threw logic at him and the cyborg mentioned something about a memo, and all Foster could do was barge out again in disgust, the wind taken out of his sails in one fell swoop. One of these days, he was going to be there when they raided something, not after the fact, and he was going to take all the credit! Funny \"If if goes bang-bang, I got it,\" the arms dealer told him as they stood in the middle of an abandoned church sanctuary filled to the brim with weaponry. Felix wondered if the man understood the irony of where they were having this conversation, or what he was about to ask of him. This had been a place of worship, or hoping for peace, of finding solace in an uncertain world that seemed to be more uncertain with each passing day. Now, two men, one who just supplied the hardware, and himself who wanted to give a birthday celebration no one on the planet would ever forget, were discussing weapons here instead. A manic giggle threatened to overtake him.[Chapter 13] Week 7 – UDC 7 Stormy Upon entering the cyberspace of NeuroBrain, Charlie was assaulted with visual and auditory stimuli that caused him to immediately close his eyes and put his hands over his ears. He wasn't certain how long he was crouched there, trembling from overstimulation, but a hand on his shoulder made him jump. \"Is it safe?\" The chuckle in her voice carried in the sudden silence. \"You should have told me you'd be visiting today, Charlie. I was missing real weather phenomena and…\" He looked up at her. \"Got carried away?\" Diana smiled as she helped him up. \"Just a little.\" Trapped He was trapped here, arms stuck exactly as they'd been when the drug had taken affect, his face a mask of permanent surprise. Chip didn't know how long it would take to wear off so he could move again, and it had already been three hours too long as he laid in the hospital bed, his feet handcuffed to the bed while a nurse sat watch over him. Ever since the altercation outside of Public Works, he'd gained a new appreciation for what his victims had gone through in the name of business. That didn't mean he wouldn't do it all again in a heartbeat, though. Escape Walking right out of the front door wasn't a way he'd thought he was going to escape, but William Ray Morgan wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Not today. All he wanted to do was kill the robot, and he'd been given another chance to do just that when his henchman had managed to slip him the EVE module underneath his spaghetti. As soon as he was away from the main gates, Morgan finally allowed himself to chuckle madly. It was turning out to be a great day! Rescue Sitting in the hotwired truck outside of the OCP Headquarters skyscraper, Jimmy couldn't help but wonder if maybe he should have gone in there with Robocop. After all, he'd barely been walking as it was, and there was a crazy psychopathic criminal in there doing heavens knew what. Biting his lip in thought, the teenager looked around, and then got out of the truck and went inside. The security guard at the front entrance stopped him. \"There's trouble. Can you help me call Metro South?\" The guard blinked down at him for a long moment before directing him to a vidphone. Recover When Nancy arrived at the OCP Headquarters building to get her son, she hadn't been expecting to see Pudface Morgan being led to a PortaPerp, nor the tech guy from Metro South walking beside Robocop, who, as impossible as it seemed, was limping. Then Jimmy noticed her. \"Mom!\" Embracing her son after all the terror of seeing him kidnapped, she stared at the metal man. \"What happened?\" \"Robocop saved me and got dropped by a wrecking ball,\" Jimmy told her. A wrecking ball?! The shock must have shown on her face, because he laughed. \"Don't worry, Mom. He'll be fine. He's Robocop!\"[Chapter 14] Week 8 – UDC 7 - Disco! Mistakes Sargent Parks was used to the odd and the strange. After all, he was a police officer and didn't end up Sargent and watch commander of a police precinct by accident. There'd been work involved. So when he'd come on duty that night to find a strangely empty arrest log, it struck him as odd. More than odd… peculiar. They hadn't had a log that empty in four or five years! Then their lone cyborg officer entered through the doors, opened his mouth in greeting, and it was explained in ten seconds flat to the strains of 20th century disco music. Corrections Robo spiked into a computer terminal after three attempts at speaking failed him, and Parks stood by as words (and a lot of gibberish symbols one would not normally use in polite conversation) started pouring across the screen: \"Something wrong! Can't %)#(*$ arrest anyone with #(#*$& disco music coming out! Started mid-morning!\" Parks blinked. \"Mid-morning?\" \"Thought it would #*(#&$^ pass!\" \"Oh.\" Parks considered the options. On the one hand, they'd needed something funny for a while, on the other… it really wasn't good to have someone with a grip of four hundred foot pounds this upset. \"Why don't we go and see Charlie, and see if we can't get you talking normally, then.\" Prank Gadget watched from behind the booking desk as her adopted father led Robo back to the tech room, and couldn't stop grinning. Her tweak of the programming when Charlie had let her help had worked! A little too well, actually, given that Robo was more upset than she'd ever seen him, but it had worked! She allowed herself another minute of grinning like a maniac before finding a non-obvious place to hide while Charlie fixed it. After all, if they couldn't find her and she had the alibi of doing her homework when they finally did, how could they suspect? Sabotage When he finally found the error, it was in a line of code meant for receiving radio wave transmissions. Charlie frowned and sat back. \"That's strange.\" \"What is?\" Parks asked. \"He's receiving radio wave transmissions from a radio station, and this other line of code is making it-\" \"Broadcast vocally every time he tries to talk?\" Charlie paused. \"Well yes.\" A line of text appeared on the screen in front of him: \"Can you just fix the #*&%$( thing?!\" Charlie smirked and nodded to the impatient cyborg. \"Of course. Is there a radio station you'd rather be broadcasting?\" The glare he received was worth it. Revenge For the next several weeks, Parks would catch Gadget grinning madly every time Robo stormed into the precinct house with another perpetrator, and had a good idea of just who might have inadvertently changed the lines of code, had the opportunity, and a likely motive. Charlie wouldn't have dared do it, but Gadget… she was young and mischievous, and had a history of lying before Robo had set her straight. Finally, after one particularly hectic night, he sat down and looked at her seriously. \"Your secret is safe with me.\" Gadget blinked at him over her dinner. \"Huh?\" \"He'd never believe it was you, and no one got hurt. He was just really annoyed. Good prank.\" She seemed to deflate. \"People could have gotten hurt?\" \"Yes. But no one did.\" \"I won't do it again, Sarge.\" \"Good.\"[Chapter 15] Week 9 – UDC 7 Enemy Listening to Chip Chaykin try to talk his way out of being arrested by taking another person hostage and threatening her life, Diana was more than fed up. No, she was livid. How could he treat life like it was something to buy and sell, to trade as if it meant nothing unless it gained him something? And how could that woman, no matter how greedy or self-absorbed, have let him into her inner circle? None of it made any sense. None at all, and she couldn't do anything from here, like this, to help the situation, or Alex diffuse it before someone else died over nothing. Attack \"You worm! You insect!\" It happened so suddenly that Robo wasn't quite sure how it happened, but he knew why as he watched Chaykin get hit in the rear end with an energy bolt and was sent flying into the grass on the side of the street. As the man lay there prone, and three more energy bolts rained down around him, Rochelle Carney's voice sounded from behind Robo: \"Did he forget to pay his electric bill?\" It was absurd, but if the explanation fit and he wasn't forced to make up a story… \"Something like that.\" Negotiate \"So,\" Diana said as they sat down to a virtual dinner of fish and chips. \"What is the occasion of your visit?\" The Chairman took a deep breath, glanced around at the swirling colors of cyberspace. \"Did there have to be a reason, Diana?\" \"No, but there usually is,\" she told him with a smile. \"Negotiations break down over some deal?\" \"No. I just… wanted to thank you.\" \"Thank me?\" \"The termination program?\" Understanding dawned in her eyes. \"Oh. No need. Alex already thanked me.\" \"But I can't talk to anyone else about it.\" \"Ah.\" And so, they talked for a while about nightmarish incidents… Truce The streets had been strangely tranquil ever since the end of the city-wide police strike, as if the citizens had had enough of lawlessness to last them awhile and were now just thankful for peace and quiet again. It wouldn't last, of course. Sooner or later, something would spark into chaos again, but for just this moment it didn't matter. In two weeks, not a single officer had been killed in the line of duty. No one thought to ask the why or the how of that one, either. It was a welcome respite. Friend They'd been married for two weeks when he finally thought to ask her something ridiculous. \"Has your hair always been curly?\" Diana turned and looked at him with translucent blue eyes. \"Huh?\" \"Every time I see you, it's always curly.\" She blinked, astonished and reached up to feel for a moment. \"Oh! Oh. No. It was straight… as a board. I don't know why...\" Charlie smiled. \"Sorry.\" \"Don't be sorry for asking the question, Charlie. I just… wow.\" \"I like it.\" She chuckled. \"I'm glad you do.\"[Chapter 16] Week 10 – Jetpacks and books and proposals, oh my… Sky The piece of machinery she found Charlie studying reminded her of an engine for a fighter jet, only much smaller. \"What is that thing?\" Charlie didn't even glance up when he sighed and pulled out a pad of paper and began to make notes. \"It's a crazy idea Dr. Lazarus had.\" \"Lazarus?\" He chuckled. \"Yes… and all the jokes have been done to death.\" Lisa circled around to look at it better. \"Seriously, what is it?\" \"The prototype for a flightpack for Robo. The project got exactly this far and was then cancelled when the forth interceptor was destroyed.\" Now Lisa chuckled in muted laughter. \"Ah.\" Sun In the depths of her concentration, searching for information through multiple layers of coding in the pentagon computer system, Diana wondered what exactly it was about the men who had robbed the warehouse that had Alex so up in arms that he hadn't bothered to control the robotic voice enhancer even a little bit. Did he know he was projecting more than he needed to for such a small room, or was it leftovers from being traumatically shut down like he was? Or was it something else entirely? She'd have to catch him at just the right moment and ask. Moon(s) It was a very slow night and Diana, not expecting anyone, had settled down in the flux to read a holographic representation of an Asimov novel. She was so absorbed in the book that Charlie clearing his throat startled her, she jumped to her feet, and struck a kickboxing pose. And then she blinked at him. \"Um… hi?\" Charlie set the basket on the floor. \"Good evening. I'm not…\" She dropped her arms and sat down again. \"I know you're not going to do anything dumb like infect the system with a virus or try to kill people with elevators, Charlie.\" He stared at her. \"What?\" Stars Charlie blinked again. \"Infect the system with…?\" \"It's happened twice now.\" \"And the elevators…?\" \"Doctor Mallardo's reign of terror on the Chairman.\" \"Ah.\" She glanced down at the basket. \"What brings you to Public Works tonight, Charlie?\" \"I wanted to do something normal. Mind if I have dinner with you?\" Diana smiled and whirled herself out of the flux to stand beside him. \"Not at all. I don't eat, but that's no reason not to have a picnic right here.\" Charlie spread the blanket and they both sat, and chatted for a long while. Lightning He reached for one last thing in the basket, and took a deep breath. \"I know you won't be able to wear it, I'm not sure you'll even be able to hold it, but…\" He pulled the ring box out and showed her what was inside. \"Marry me?\" Diana stared at him, then at the ring, then at him again, speechless. \"It doesn't have to be right away, and I don't know how it's going to work, but I don't care, and I…\" \"Stop,\" Diana suddenly told him, having found her voice again while he was rambling. \"Why…?\" \"Because I love you. Isn't that enough?\" It was. \"Yes.\"[Chapter 17] Week 11 – UDC 7 – Leap Week Fun As the world solidified around him again, two things became readily apparent. One, he was standing on a small raised platform in a green column of light in a large room filled with eerily familiar equipment. Two, information began to pour into his mind, alerting him to various small disasters, a power outage in something called Zone Five, and a traffic jam somewhere else on a connecting freeway. Also… wait. He knew the date! It… was that really the date? Blinking in confusion, he stared down at his hands… his glowing, translucent hands. \"Oh boy.\" Play Sitting on a table in a room with blue walls, Diana heard a noise and looked up to find a man, on the short side, older, wearing a combination of clothing that most people would think twice about. She frowned. \"Do you… always dress like that?\" He paused for a long moment, looking at her. \"Not always. Now, can you tell me your name and today's date?\" She frowned again and told him. \"Thank you.\" \"Where is here?\" The question went ignored as the man left the room again, and Diana continued to frown. Something told her he'd be back. Laugh He heard the door open and close, and Al start to speak before the other man stopped in stunned silence, and Sam was finally able to tear his gaze away from his hands. \"Am I dead?\" Al stared at him, standing there in the column of light, open mouthed, before shaking his head. \"No, Sam. I… don't think so.\" \"Then why can I see through my hands?!\" \"Not to mention the rest of you.\" \"Is the person in the waiting room translucent?\" Al frowned. \"No, actually.\" \"Then what's going on here?!\" Consulting the handlink again, Al's frown deepened. \"Haven't the foggiest.\" Games She'd given up sitting on the table that weirdly reflected a man she didn't recognize and had taken up pacing when the man from before returned. \"Hi. You know… this room is really Spartan.\" \"What are you?\" Diana frowned at him. \"What do you mean?\" Two could play at that game. Unless… she glanced down at her unusually solid hands. \"Oh. Oh!\" The story she proceeded to tell him was far-fetched, but not the most unusual thing he'd ever heard. Newly empowered with better knowledge, the man marched out of the room again, leaving her to frown once more. \"I wonder why he needed to know all of that?\" Vacation Two days, six meals, and three very indulgent bowls of ice cream later, Diana found herself back in the Flux of the NeuroBrain system at Public Works, finding little errors all over the place and ferreting out that which needed fixing in the system. Whatever else had happened in her absence, she'd arrived home to find Alex wondering who the man had been in her place, and Charlie waiting in cyberspace with a virtual picnic. Neither of those things would have been odd at all, had it not been for the detail of finding out just who the man was from the Pentagon files she'd cracked open… what in tarnation was a missing scientist supposedly stationed in New Mexico doing in her Flux stream? She'd wonder for a long time. A/N: For those still confused as to what the crossover was: Quantum Leap. (Sam leaped into a Chimp once. This wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility. Unlikely, yes, but not impossible.)[Chapter 18] Week 12 – UDC 7 – The senses… See It was different, seeing this way as he navigated his way to a wall and stared at the thermographic images of people in what he suspected was a hot tub from the color output. For a moment, he allowed himself to forget the reasons for this on this night and simply watched life proceed. Five minutes and several dozen rounds later, the set-up of an innocent officer was achieved, and no one would ever suspect anyone other than Robocop. After all… the rule was to destroy all prototypes, including that of the helmet the officer wore. Hear Lisa was still thinking about her encounter with Gadget when Sargent Parks dropped a stack of papers on her desk. \"Oh. I was wondering why my case load wasn't very much today...\" He chuckled. \"These ended up in my office.\" \"Hmmm… she knows, Sarge.\" As Lisa opened up the first file, she glanced up at him, to find him frowning. \"Gadget. She knows about Murphy. She was at Nancy's and there were pictures.\" Parks nodded. \"Oh. And…?\" \"And we had a long talk. She didn't tell them, but it was close thing.\" Lisa frowned down at the open case file. \"I'm not sure I would have had the same restraint.\" Touch It wasn't enough just to look at him in that uniform, she decided as she reached up and snatched the hat off his head with a knowing smile. \"I just love a man in uniform.\" Ten seconds later, gloves removed, she was in his strong arms, breathing in his scent and enjoying the feel of him wrapped around her. They were in public, among his peers, but just for a moment it didn't matter. For just this moment… there was only them. Then he released her and plucked his hat back off of her head. Sense The tension was so thick he could almost see it tangibly in the air as he watched the still form propped up against the doorframe. The Chairman didn't know how long Diana could hold back the wave of the termination cycle, or even if she could stop it, and as the minutes passed, the silence in the office was almost too much to take. And then she reappeared, winked at him in acknowledgement, and vanished again. He wasn't certain how she'd managed it, but she'd saved the day. Later, he'd find out from Robocop that it wasn't just Diana, but also the tech back at Metro South, too. He was gratefull to them both. Smell The smell hit her as soon as she opened the car door, and Lisa nearly shut it again out of reflex. She glanced to the passenger seat, currently filled by her metalized partner, and watched in wonder as he got out without hesitation. It amazed her sometimes, the things he did. \"Can't smell that, huh?\" She got out reluctantly, shut the door. His response was simple and to the point: \"It does not bother me. It is just a smell.\" Until right then, she wasn't certain he could smell at all.[Chapter 19] Week 13 – UDC 7 Past It was becoming a nightly ritual, to pause and hold a photograph, and pay tribute in silence to the past. She didn't like to talk about her loss, not even with her in-laws, though she knew they would understand. It was enough, for now, to acknowledge the pain and the grief one step at a time. \"Mom?\" Jimmy's voice startled her, and Nancy turned to find him watching her. She smiled, nodded once, and placed the picture back on the small table by the door. \"Couldn't sleep?\" He shook his head. \"Can you come read to me?\" Though he was a little old to be read to, she wasn't going to deny him. Not tonight. Present Waking from a sleep cycle was always a little unsettling, especially after a hard case. Now, as he opened his eyes, Robo found his father conversing with Charlie while setting up a chess board on a table Charlie had set up in front of him, and couldn't help but stare. It was the last thing he'd expected, and he wasn't sure if he should say something, or wait until he was noticed. Russell glanced his way, smiled. \"Well, now. How about a real game of chess where I know it's you?\" \"I do not remember a lot.\" \"Consider this a memory exercise, then.\" And with that, the game was on. Future She snuggled into his arms on the couch in the house she'd created in cyberspace, and didn't want to move. It was safe here, in his arms, in spite of the fact that millions of pieces of information were flowing in her mind's eye without end. Here, she could relax… \"Charlie?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Not that I don't love it when you're here, but doesn't anyone get suspicious when you're on VR all the time?\" He chuckled. \"I set an alarm system for people coming back to the tech room.\" \"An alarm?\" \"The first time I used the data probe, Gadget teased me about getting addicted because I liked it too much. Not so. I like you, not this virtual reality.\" \"Ah.\" Memories Russell Murphy watched the eyes of what was left of his son as they sparred back and forth with the chess pieces, knowing from past experience that the cyborg remembered some very tricky moves, including one he himself had taught his son when he was just learning to play. He moved a piece, and smirked when there was a very pause. \"Confused?\" \"Yes.\" He glanced at Charlie. \"He get stumped often?\" \"We don't tend to play chess during his off duty time.\" A click and a whirring of servos brought Russell's attention back to the game, and he smiled, for his son had figured out how to get out of check in six moves. Expectations She often wondered what he expected of this relationship between them, if he wanted more than what she could give. More… as in children, a real home. Famly. She could give him none of that… Dr. Mallardo and Chip Chaykin had taken that from her. They'd taken so much, and she'd gained… well… a family of millions who didn't know she existed, a friend in the cyborg who protected them, and… Charlie. She'd gained Charlie. What had he gained in all this? She wasn't sure.[Chapter 20] Week 14 – UDC 7 – Prime Suspect Castle \"Come on back, Rippencourt.\" As soon as Charlie walked in the door for the second time in as many days, he was reminded at once that the man he was coming here to see had eyes everywhere. It galled him that the man couldn't take the time to pronounce his name properly, but that was becoming increasingly small potatoes compared to the epiphany he'd had when he had caught Gadget with the circuit board prototype. The possibility of someone else having kept theirs? The ramifications of such a possibility? That was why he'd come across town to talk to someone else who had also been on the project… even if their pronunciation left something to be desired. House Listening to Detective Madigan berate him for not being able to say where he was on the night of the murder, Robo glanced pointedly around the sanctuary they were standing in, wondering if she'd take the hint from just his body language. It wasn't that he did not want to say, it was that he couldn't say, and all matters related to Diana were confidential as a matter of public trust. Which… he had yet to figure out how to work around, and no one had yet asked the right questions or put two and two together about the week they'd had before the minister was killed by an unknown assailant. Hut He wasn't sure what he'd find as he looked through the OCP files on his quarry who just happened to be six feet tall, wearing metal armor from head to toe, armed with a machine pistol of all things, and usually mild-mannered, but it sure wasn't a new-found respect. Smith stared at the photo on record of the officer before he'd died and at the information, and didn't want to believe the evidence of the crime any more than Detective Madigan had when she'd badgered Internal Affairs into giving RoboCop an inquest. Then he smothered those thoughts… it wasn't his place to pass judgement on who was or wasn't guilty. Tent Listening as Gadget told Charlie about having seen Alex as a hologram, Diana couldn't help but smile as she heard the man brush her off and babbled an explanation of where he'd be going to the eight year old. Though she was standing in a basement, watching with guarded hope as Alex fixed the circuitry that had been damaged by that blow to the chest, it was still strange when she found she could listen in on a conversation taking place on the other side of town. Cave With the damage he'd taken at the church, Robo was unable to uplink to Metro South, so he had to do something he had not done in years… use a telephone booth on a street corner. It was odd and humbling all at once, and he would have smiled, or tried to, had the situation not been so dire. Though he had called the back line for the tech room and was expecting to get Charlie, instead he ended up finding out from Gadget that Charlie was one step ahead of himself and Diana and now he had to rely on the girl to get help to Charlie before something bad happened.[Chapter 21] Week 15 – UDC 7 - Mother's Day Prompts? Okay... Wife When he got home to his apartment that night, he wondered what it would be like to have her here all the time and not just when he could get away or when there was enough energy in the grid for her hologram to appear. Charlie sighed and went to fix himself something to eat, only to be interrupted by his doorbell. Frowning, he went to answer it… to find a delivery person standing there with a bag. \"Can I help you?\" The delivery person handed the bag to him, gave him a folded paper, and left. Charlie unfolded the paper to find a note: \"Missing you and also craving normality. Eat. –Diana\" Mother She noticed the metal man staring down at the pictures of her family and suddenly felt closer to him than she thought possible. After all, this was a police officer, and though she didn't quite understand what was going on inside his head and couldn't see his eyes underneath the helmet, she did understand police officers. She'd married one, and was mother to another. Glancing at the pictures, she nodded. \"That's our son. Alex. He was killed on duty.\" The response she got was quiet, but sincere: \"I am sorry.\" \"I don't suppose you drink coffee?\" \"No, thank you.\" Daughter Everybody cheered when she entered the station bullpen with the Sarge, and Gadget couldn't help but blink in surprise. They'd really missed her that much? She looked up at her adoptive father. \"I don't get it.\" He smiled and patted her shoulder. \"You have a family here, Gadget, and not just because I adopted you.\" \"Huh?\" His explanation of all the officers of Metro South, even Bea, having grown attached to her since they'd solved the Dogtown Ripper case together did little to clear up her confusion, but that didn't make it any less poignant. Sister He found her sitting at the edge of a virtual lake that continuously shifted colors, and couldn't stop himself from putting his arms around her. \"Hi.\" Diana leaned back into him. \"Hi, yourself.\" \"Haven't seen you much lately.\" \"Been thinking. A lot.\" \"About?\" Her silence stretched for a long while before she answered quietly: \"My sister had her second child last week. A girl. They named her Diana. After me. Why did they do that? What did I do to deserve the honor?! Die?\" Charlie was at a loss for what to say in this situation and simply held her for a long while. Aunt In the city of Ann Arbor, Michigan, a little girl named Diana grows up hearing stories of the Aunt she was named after, knowing the woman had died young, but not how or when. She grows up and has a family of her own, and keeps the story of her namesake, the woman who went to work for a corporation as a secretary and didn't get to come home again to family, close in mind. She never does find out that her aunt isn't dead, but has kept a close watch over her family from neighboring Detroit all her life.[Chapter 22] Week 16 – UDC 7 – Corporate Raiders Assume As she stepped out of the car and looked across the darkened parking lot, Lisa knew something was up, for the retired Captain Murphy never showed up at Metro South without a substantial reason for doing so. She sighed and turned to look at her partner, also getting out of a car. \"Hey, what's your Dad doing here?\" The answer was straight, slightly defensive, and to the point: \"Memories, perhaps. He was once a cop.\" As it turned out five minutes later, he was actually there to start an investigation. Or restart one. Lisa wasn't sure which it was, and maybe that didn't matter. Misunderstand \"We need more evidence,\" Robo said pointedly after listening to his father ramble about Tessa Stark possibly having a connection to the odd raid on the phone company. \"You know, if my son were here,\" Russell began to say, and then paused in thought before looking at the cyborg with raised eyebrows. \"He would say exactly the same thing. I don't suppose robots can accept apologies?\" Robo paused, considered the man in front of him. \"Actually… I am an adaptive cyborg.\" \"Which means?\" \"It means… apology accepted. \" Russell watched as the cyborg turned and walked away for a long moment before shaking his head. \"Cyborg?\" Confuse Coming home to an empty house, the word is still rattling around in Russell Murphy's mind as he calls for his wife and grandson, and getting no answer picks up a picture of himself with his son. Looking at the smiling faces, Russell frowns and goes to the bookshelf, opens up the dictionary to the C's and starts browsing. After a minute or so, he finds the word he's looking for and can't help but stare at the definition. \"Cy-borg [noun]: A human who has certain physiological processes aided or controlled by mechanical or electronic devices. Origin: cyb(ernetic) + org(anism).\" Deny Confused as to what it could mean that Robocop is a cyborg and not a robot, Russell Murphy sets the dictionary down, open to the page, and looks again at the picture for a moment. Could…? Then he shakes his head and turns to go look for something to eat. \"No. I must be losing it.\" But in the back of his mind, underneath the logic, that definition swirls around, linking to events of just before the cyborg had appeared from the depths of the OCP machine. And if Robocop was in fact a human underneath… who did they use?! Admit He'd picked up the broken helmet after watching the cyborg basically run away from the scene after picking himself up off the ground and followed him out to where the police cars were parked. \"Hey Robo! Robocop…\" When the cyborg did not stop walking, Russell decided to try another tactic. \"Alex.\" The response was immediate and if it was possible for those metal shoulders to sag, they would have. Coming around to see his face, Russell was struck nearly speechless by the subdued expression as his son stared at the ground in defeat.[Chapter 23] Week 17 – UDC 7 – Tin Man AU Weapon She'd been watching him as she always did, and even Diana was surprised by the live-fire example of the coat made of a bullet resistant weave and the gun that was apparently new, cutting edge tech. Watching Charlie act like a giddy kid brought a smile to her face, and she waited until Lisa left the room on a mission to find answers on how a prisoner could have escaped with that kind of fire power. \"Was that really necessary?\" Charlie turned and looked at her, surprised by the intrusion but also pleased to see her. \"You weren't impressed?\" Helmet Diana wandered over to where Lisa had set the helmet down and looked at it, remembering what he'd said about it being on par with Alex's system. \"Didn't say I wasn't. And before you ask, no, I wasn't able to get into the system at Buchanan Max.\" Charlie frowned at her. \"What?\" \"Alex asked me, earlier today.\" She glanced up at him to see the frown. \"Makes a little more sense, now that I know why he was asking. I can only imagine the flashbacks he had when he saw the guy. Is this thing really that advanced?\" Shield He knew an attempt to change the subject when he saw one, but… \"Yes, it is. One would even say experimental. And don't try to change the subject.\" Diana sighed. \"I'm just glad you didn't demonstrate when Alex was in here, too.\" \"Oh?\" \"Yes. You startled a seasoned police officer with that stunt.\" She waited while he thought about it, and was rewarded when he moved to sit in a nearby chair heavily. \"Sorry.\" Charlie shook his head. \"Don't be sorry. Thank you.\" \"For?\" \"Reminding me why I try to be very careful in how I act and talk to him. Always.\" Cloak Now it was Diana's turn to blink in surprise. \"You mean…\" \"I mean that sometimes it feels like I have to cloak my presence and state of mind, no matter what is going on.\" Charlie motioned to the gun, sitting where Lisa had set it down on the cart. \"And sometimes… I forget to be cautious.\" Diana smiled. \"You're human.\" \"And to err is human?\" \"Yes.\" The silence hung between them until Diana shook her head and stifled a chuckle. \"I told him that once, too. But then… he was eavesdropping on his wife at the time.\" Transmitter Charlie knew there was more to that story than she was probably going to tell him, so he simply shook his head in amusement as he moved to take the silver coat off the rolling stand he'd put it on to demonstrate. Looking at the collar, he noticed a tag transmitter, and frowned. \"Diana?\" \"Yes?\" \"Do you know when Malloy got tagged?\" \"Probably right before the warehouse blew up the other night. Why?\" And now something else about the behavior of his charge over the past two days made sense… \"Curiosity.\"[Chapter 24] Week 18 – the normality of illness… Sing It was a soft, quiet hum he woke to, when he finally climbed his way back to consciousness. Everything hurt, and his memories were jumbled, and his half-opened eyes could only make out shapes. The soft hum cut off… \"Shh, Charlie. Don't try to move.\" \"Diana?\" It came out as a dry croak. \"Or speak. Everything is fine now. Will be fine. Go back to sleep.\" And then she was singing again, in that soft beautiful voice of hers, and Charlie couldn't help but be lulled back to sleep. Talk When he woke up again, he wasn't surprised to see her, or hear her singing again. But… \"What happened?\" His voice was still rough from disuse, but he didn't feel nearly as bad. She smiled at him. \"The flu.\" \"You're not… see-through.\" Diana rolled her eyes at him tolerantly. \"You're in VR with me. The chairman convinced the doctor to do this for me, because I couldn't have stayed by your side in your hospital room day and night. It's been three days.\" \"Oh.\" \"And Alex… well, it was me by your side in VR, or him here when he's supposed to be having a sleep cycle. I won.\" Yell He could see that she wanted to yell at him about not taking care of himself, but wisely chose instead to ask about what had led to his ending up unconscious for three days. \"You don't remember?\" \"No.\" As she explained Gadget finding him asleep and feverish at a console in the tech room at Metro South, Charlie started to remember bits and pieces about it. None of it made any sense, of course… especially not Robo and Diana standing over him with worried expressions. When had that been, exactly? And why had his helmet been off? Whisper When Charlie woke again, it was to the Chairman and Diana, standing next to his hospital bed, having a whispered conversation he couldn't quite make out. He watched them, confused as to why she'd be translucent in VR until he realized that the door to his room was closed and this wasn't VR. \"I thought you couldn't…\" Diana jumped at the sound of his quiet voice, turned to him, smiling. \"Ah. You're awake enough for things that make no sense again. I'm glad.\" The Chairman nodded to him. \"Glad to see you on the mend, son.\" Ignore His first night back at home was spent ignoring any and all calls, by order of his usually translucent wife, who wanted him all to herself. \"But I'm fine, you know.\" Her expression as she 'sat' on his bed was one he never wanted to see on anyone else's. \"This is for me, tonight. We could have lost you. We nearly did lose you… to the Flu.\" Charlie stared at her, at once realizing that she had a point. He didn't often think of how it must be for her, to watch the world go by and not be able to do anything about illness and disease.[Chapter 25] A/N: Title prompt taken from Torino's Olympics moto. (And, actually in the ep, Jimmy went to a friend's house for the night. That made no sense to me, so here he went somewhere else.) Passion Lives Here - Heartbreakers Episode Tag (canon) He'd left her in cyberspace hours ago, but Diana was still dancing to herself and humming as she oversaw the running of Delta City and Old Detroit. As much as she hadn't wanted to lie to him about why it just couldn't be between them, Alex had been right to let Charlie down easily. It wouldn't have been fair to Charlie to tell him the truth, that she'd been unlucky (or was that incredibly lucky?) victim number thirteen of the DogTown Rippers, also known by and large as Doctor Cray Z. Mallardo and Chip Chaykin. Presently, she ran across the access pathway that the corrupt business pipsqueak had used to get to Alex's OmniCon Classified profile and her eyes widened in disbelief at how much hacking he'd done under the radar. How had she not noticed that?! Shaking her head, Diana put the information under even more encryption and security locks. They didn't need a repeat performance of this mess. At all. At home, Nancy was greeted by a silent, darkened house, and a note on the kitchen table from her son. Mom, Robocop came and got me, and I'll be at Grandma and Grandpa's house when you get home. -Jimmy Nancy stared at the note, wondering what else had gone down while she'd been a guest of that criminal who hadn't seemed entirely sane. Why… or how had Robocop known to get Jimmy out of the house? Why would he have thought of it? Sitting down in a chair at the kitchen table, Nancy let the questions hang in the air and let the horrors of the previous day wash over her. In the silence of the kitchen, a woman stares at nothing for half an hour. It had been a very long and trying day. It is two days before he sees his mother, standing on his grandparents front porch with an odd expression on her face. He'd opened the door with his grandmother's permission to find her there, and Jimmy wondered at the wistfulness in her eyes. \"Mom?\" And how had she gotten that bruise on her cheek? \"We are all family,\" she murmured as she pulled him into a crushing embrace. \"Family!\" They stood there in the doorway for long minutes before her grip loosened and she pulled back to look at him, and saw the confusion. \"What?\" \"What happened? You went out for groceries and then there was Robocop promising you'd be home soon but I also couldn't stay home alone!\" She blinked down at him, then raised her head to look over his shoulder. \"That's a long story, and I'm not sure I understand the why of it either. Can I come in, Dorothy?\" \"Of course,\" his grandmother told her. \"Hard day?\" \"Yes.\" As the door shut behind them, she let him go, but her arm stayed around his shoulders. It was odd and comforting all at once. The atmosphere at Metro South was hectic as always, Lisa reflected as she set her purse in a drawer at her desk and then stood up again and looked around. For some reason, Sargent Parks was standing at his office door, watching her with a passively blank expression. It was very unnerving, but then he always had that kind of an expression whenever she had a day off and something went strange in her absence. Sighing, she walked over to him. \"So, I assume since the station is still here, nothing happened to destroy it, right Sarge?\" He blinked at her forthrightness, then shook his head. \"No, nothing like that. Robo acted odd for understandable reasons, but on the whole… everything is fine. How was the conference?\" Lisa smiled. \"Boring. There a report to read on the incident?\" \"Isn't there usually?\" They were saved from further awkwardness by Gadget suddenly latching onto her and hugging her waist. \"Lisa! You're back!\" Lisa laughed and patted Gadget's head. \"Yep! Shouldn't you be off to school by now?\" Gadget smiled up at her, nodded enthusiastically. \"Wanted to see you first! Going now!\" Lisa watched as Gadget picked up her backpack and ran out the door, dodging police officers and other people as she went. She nodded to the Sarge and returned to her desk. There was a report she needed to read, post haste. Nancy opened her front door with caution and found Lisa standing there, biting her lip with impatience. \"Hi. Aren't you on duty today?\" \"I read the report of what happened when I was at the conference and had to see you for myself.\" Lisa paused, suddenly realizing how awkward that sounded. \"How are you?\" \"Better now,\" Nancy answered as she let Lisa in. \"And thank you for checking up on me. Coffee?\" \"I can't stay long, so no.\" Nancy found herself on the receiving end of an impromptu hug and accepted it and the unspoken comfort that was offered. \"Call if you need to talk about it, all right?\" Nancy nodded, and then Lisa was out the door again.[Chapter 26] A/N: I don't remember what the Magic Store Owner from Illusions name was, nor could the RoboWiki give me an answer, so we're calling him Todd. (The character is canon even if the name isn't!) Week Nineteen - UDC 7 - Detective Lisa Madigan and Todd the Magic Store Owner Conquer When she woke in a cold sweat with a startled cry poised to ring out but only a gasp of air escaping, the sound of a comforting voice and the touch of a hand on hers soothed. The feelings were quelled and the voice expertly eased her into relatively calm wakefulness, providing an anchor to the here and now. As her breathing slowed, Lisa found him fully clothed and sitting in a chair next to their bed, watching her with concerned intent. \"You didn't have to spend the night in the chair.\" He smiled. \"Yes I did. I saw the news bulletins, and you tend to kick and punch me during night mares.\" Dictate Looking at the sincerity in his eyes, she knew that was not a joke by any stretch of the imagination. \"It wasn't that bad of a day.\" \"So you weren't nearly blown up three times?\" Lisa paused, sighed. \"No. I was nearly blown up twice, and my partner ended up with a bomb in his leg. That was after he actually was blown up by a mad man.\" Todd nodded slowly. \"And the bomb in the leg?\" \"Got deactivated.\" \"Ah.\" \"That doesn't mean we should let my nightmares dictate when you get to sleep in your own bed.\" He stared at her for a long moment before asking a question that made her stare right back. \"Who is Murphy?\" Rebel The question wasn't one she was prepared to answer, especially not to him, and Lisa had to look away. \"It was a long time ago and doesn't matter any more, Todd.\" \"You talk in your sleep. That name comes up often... usually in conjunction with 'fight', whatever that means.\" Lisa blinked, startled at the observation, and let her eyes wander in search of something she could point to, to explain it without going into too much detail. Of course it would come up after a day like yesterday. Murphy had nearly gotten blown up from the inside out, after getting blown into a security barrier! Aftermath It took her a minute or two, but she found it and got out of bed to take the picture off the wall to show him. It was a picture Nancy had given her after the funeral that later turned out not to have a body in the casket, with Nancy, and Alex, and an infant Jimmy. Slowly, she turned back to look at Todd, then handed him the picture. \"This is Murphy. Or was, rather. You've met Nancy and Jimmy, remember?\" Todd took the framed picture and studied the man in it for a moment before his eyes widened in faint recognition. \"Oh. This doesn't explain...\" \"I was there. He was my partner.\" \"And did he fight?\" Rebirth Lisa sat down on the bed close to his chair, a pensive expression on her face as she thought about it from the perspective of someone who didn't know the whole story. Did he fight? Of course he had. But there was only so much that will and medicine could do... \"Yes. I think he did.\" \"But...?\" Lisa saw the opening for what it was and shook her head. \"They're not all happy endings. No matter how much prayer and will and modern medicine there is.\" Except... in this case. The man who had been her partner was still her partner. After a fashion.[Chapter 27] Week 20 – UDC 7 Father She'd lived at Children's Services for as long as she could remember, and didn't know how to react when the Sargent brought up the idea of adoption after she protested going back. It was strange, having someone look at her with fondness, kindness. But she wasn't going to say no. On a dark night that had been filled with violence, madness, breaking the law, and power outtages, a family is formed between a gruff police sargent and a little girl duly determined to be a good citizen. Son It is five years since that horrible night where everything changed in a hail of gun fire, but Russell Murphy still remembers the phone call from his daughter-in-law as he watches what is left of his son puzzle his way through a chess move. Still remembers standing at graveside with his wife, silent daughter-in-law, and grandson. Five years and what feels like a dozen lifetimes ago. He wants to tell him about all the things he's missed since, but instead, Russell glances at Charlie and then makes a move that puts the cyborg in check again. Husband Standing off to the side with Madigan as she tries to persuade him to say something, anything to the mother and son now having a reunion that had been precipitated by his son running away from home, the first thing on his mind is not saying something to either of them. Rather, he's kicking himself for avoiding the problem entirely and nearly getting his son killed by association. He doesn't know the details of how the boy came to be sitting in Madigan's car, but he can guess. And so, when he responds to her gentle nudging on the matter, he is correct. He can not be what they need him to be, but he can protect them. Brother She watches the two boys play with building blocks in the living room and can't help but smile at the simple joy of it. They were so absorbed in the game that nothing else mattered, save the next part of the building puzzle. Hands and arms encircled her from behind, and she let his warmth comfort her from behind. \"Doesn't seem like we were ever that young, does it?\" He chuckled. \"No, Gadget. No, it doesn't. Sure you want one more?\" As he caressed her expanded belly, she smiled again. \"Of course.\" Teacher It feels odd, using the fishing tackle. Odd in a familiar and comforting way, but odd nonetheless. Glancing out across the lake, Jimmy frowns in remembrance of an afternoon spent outside, fishing with his father and his grandfather, suddenly understands why it feels so odd. Turning, he catches sight of Gadget laying out a picnic blanket while the boys chased each other in circles and his mother watching them with a smile from where she was seated in a picnic chair. It was time to teach his boys to fish, like his father and grandfather had taught him.[Chapter 28] A/N: During The Future of Law Enforcement, Robo was electricuted by Chip Chakin... Falling It'd been hours since waking up to remember nothing. Not his own name, who the people staring at him were, or even why he couldn't seen to stop taking in a stilted, computerized monotone. Nothing made any sense, and all the little guy with glasses in the work coat managed to do with all the testing was confuse him even more. What had happened and why did the man who kept pacing and mumbling about his company being signed over to a madman keep staring at him in a scary mix of horror and dumb-foundedness? If he could have found a way to ask the questions... would they have given him answers? He'd been honest once about not remembering anything and the people in the room, save for the woman in the police uniform with the curly brown hair and kind eyes, had over-reacted. Nothing was making any sense, so far... It made even less sense when a translucent woman appeared out of thin air and started babbling at him about how someone was out to kill her. How exactly did you kill a ghost?[Chapter 29] Risk Taking The Chairman sat back and watched as Charlie went through various system checks on Robocop before not giving the cyborg a choice in the matter of a sleep cycle. That done, Charlie turned and looked at him, concern evident on his face. \"He'll be fine. Could have been worse... he's been through worse, really.\" The Chairman nodded, knowing full well the truth of those words, as he studied Murphy's sleeping face. There was much he wanted to say on the matter, and many questions he still had on the nature of this project he's authorized without really thinking of the actual consequences to the people involved. What was it Bob Morton had said about placing candidates in strategic posistions? At the time, that had just been a concept... a means to an end. Something Morton would have... did deal with, that he'd signed off on after a presentation of the benefits and a disaster in the board room. He had never met this man before today. Not really. To know who it was that had ended up killed by criminals and then used as the basis of a cyborg... it made a whole lot of difference, really. \"To be human is to risk.\" The words echoed in the silence as he continued to sit there, watching as Charlie traded out the dented chest plate with a new one. He had never met Murphy the man, only what was left of him, here and now... and this morning, he finally had met the man. The Chairman smiled wryly as he stood up gingerly, at once reminded of the long night spent cooped up in an old factory with a sick child, worried parents, and a man that didn't particularly like him. \"Call me when he wakes up again.\" Charlie nodded and turned to do something with a computer, likely running more diagnostics... his expression when he'd changed out the chest plate had been one of a man who didn't like what he saw. The Chairman glanced at Robocop again, and then left the room. There was a visit he needed to make to Public Works... he needed to thank Diana for shanghaing him into a ride-along, as she'd been right about needing to see the world from street level again.[Chapter 30] Stay in the fight to the final round... With an arcing of uncontrolled electricity, she was suddenly alone and unable to see anything. Unable to even scream and let anyone know she was still here, still in the system, even if everything was black. She was here. Here... Unbidden, memories came back to her as she sat in the dark... \"Then I'll crash the city board and take me with it.\" She remembered Mallardo's coddling of her with the thought of babies dying if she did such a thing on purpose. He'd manipulated her into doing nothing, because indeed he'd been right. Insane, sociopathic... but right, nonetheless. That he'd been planning to kill her... again... didn't mean that he didn't know what he was talking about. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Chaykin! It's just that I was so excited to tell you that I found something for the Hemple Plagurism suit. They actually copied our idea and...\" The man had never looked so excited to see her... especially after he'd tried to fire her in front of the Chairman earlier in the week. How had doing her job, reviewing paperwork errors, landed her in the middle of a murder plot? \"This perfect world you speak of. Sounds like something a dictator like Hitler would think up. I don't think I'd want to live there.\" ...and now it was a cruel, cruel joke that she was living it. Suddenly, she could see outside the darkness again, and realized the system was coming back up. The world of the room in the Public Works building shimmered into view, complete with Mallardo whining and running away. Whirling out of the Flux, she smiled at Robocop. \"Why couldn't I meet you when I was still a girl? \" \"Happy to be of assistance, Ma'am. I must go arrest Doctor Mallardo.\" She watched as he walked past her, then folded her arms and smirked, for Mallardo had just done something stupid... use the elevator. \"He won't get far.\" This new existence hadn't been her choice, but that didn't mean she wasn't in it for the long haul. Messing with the elevator and punishing Dr. Mallardo for what he'd done was just the icing on the cake.[Chapter 31] Because of you... The second anniversary of his death was passing with little fanfare as she sat with her book on her couch in her house, determined to think of nothing but the fictional world within. They'd had a simple, quiet dinner, and then she'd tucked her son into bed and kissed him goodnight. That was two hours ago, now. There had been nothing but reminders of him everywhere and in everything she saw all day long, and right now it was just too much. Too many painful reminders of a life that had been hers, of the joy and the happiness, good times and bad. She just wanted to read her book tonight, and she was clinging to that idea with both hands. A terrified scream sounded, shaking her from the world of the book, and she stared at the ceiling for a moment before heaving herself from the couch and putting the book aside with a sigh. Of course her son, their son, would have a nightmare tonight. Flicking the light on in his room after climbing the stairs, she found him sitting up in the bed, stunned and blinking at the walls with wide eyes. \"Jimmy?\" \"Was it today?\" The question gave her pause and threatened to overwhelm her as she sat down next to him on the bed and drew him into an embrace. For a moment, just one, she didn't want to answer him. Didn't want to take that last agonizing step from one reality that she'd been trying to cling to, that her husband was simply not home and was on shift, to what had been reality since a phone call had shattered their world into a million pieces. She nuzzled the top of his head with her chin, and the admission came out as a barely heard, emotional whisper: \"Yes.\" She didn't make it back to her book that night.[Chapter 32] Stand Your Ground The ceremony was short and simple, save for the MediaBreak camera watching them as Sargent Parks handed her a new shiny Detective's badge, nodded, and then went to the next person. Later, Lisa would have time to dwell on it. To embrace that it was real. To realize that she was now a Detective because she'd stood her ground and caught the Dog Town Rippers with her partner's help. For now, though, she felt like dancing and giggling and hopping up and down all at once.[Chapter 33] A/N: I might go again on this prompt, as I totally meant to do something else. Still love how it ended up, though. Truly, Madly, Deeply Gadget was standing by, watching as Charlie used the virtual data probe to access into MetroNet's datacore, NeuroBrain. She wasn't exactly sure why he needed to use a virtual reality headset to do that, but didn't want to leave him alone while he did it. While at Child Services, she'd seen one too many television shows about Virtual Reality gone wrong and caution was good, even if she couldn't put what she felt into words. Or something... would he have believed her if she'd told him? Probably not. A sigh escaped his lips and she looked sharply at him to find him more relaxed than she'd ever seen him, and his posture was suddenly not as rigid as it had been. Later, Charlie would deny that anything out of the ordinary had happened, and Gadget would be left wondering if she'd imagined it.[Chapter 34] A/N: In this fandom, it goes without saying, but I'm going to anyway... angst warning. Hand in Hand The service had been long and ardous, and she couldn't wait to get out of the church so she wouldn't have to be reminded of how her world had so suddenly turned upside down. They'd been married here, had baptized their only son into the faith here... and, now, with her in-laws at her side and Jimmy's hand in hers, they were having his funeral here! Was it only five days ago that Jimmy had turned and asked a hard question of his father during sermon? It felt longer than that. \"Dad? Why'd they hurt him so bad?\"[Chapter 35] Devour When Charlie found her in cyberspace, she was sitting at an ornately set table, looking at virtual food longingly. \"Diana?\" She didn't respond at first, then shook herself and looked at him. \"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be visiting your family?\" He smiled and pulled up a chair, joining her at the table, and ignoring the fact that there was a virtual lake swirling beneath the \"glass\" at their feet. \"It's Thanksgiving, and I wanted to visit you.\" Charlie motioned to the food. \"And this?\" \"Alex will be joining me. Sort of. He misses food, too.\" She glanced at the table. \"And this is something we've done together for three years now.\" \"And I am with my family,\" Charlie told her quietly. \"You.\" She sighed. \"You know what I mean.\" \"Same answer.\" When Alex spiked into NeuroBrain, he was surprised to find them kissing madly, and decided that maybe later would be better...[Chapter 36] Aftermath She hung up the phone and stared at it for several seconds, wondering why the Retired Russell Murphy would call and check on Robo after seeing the news report of the encounter with the biotoxin, RicinX. He had sounded relieved at hearing the good news, that the toxin had been contained and Robo was fine after the encounter. Did he suspect? Did it matter if he did suspect? Hearing the tell-tale whirr and grind of moving heavy metal, Lisa turned to find her partner walking through the station to go back to the tech room. Maybe it didn't matter either way. The man cared enough to call, and Robo was fine. He'd even surprised people with an insight... which, granted, had been about sweat on a sweatshirt, but an insight all the same.[Chapter 37] A/N: So... Movie One began with outright corruption and something not touched on again. That something? The ED-209 test... which would get any normal corporation sued six (or more) ways from Sunday. Only... they never mentioned it again. (And I got plot-bunny attacked by a \"things we don't write\" discussion. I don't write giant robots shooting people on account of a \"glitch.\") Tangled Somewhere in Detroit, Michigan, a little girl watches. Watches as a casket is lowered into the ground, silently wondering all the while how her daddy went to work like any normal day and ended up dead. Standing beside her mother, who has said nothing for a week about anything, the questions will go unasked. The time will never be right to ask them. She knows this, even if she doesn't understand it yet. Somewhere in Detroit, Michigan, a little girl watches as people start to leave, and her mother grabs her hand. \"Let's go.\" She blinks up at her, surprised by how hollow her mother's voice is. After a week of silence, she is not comforted to hear her mother speak, and begins to cry. Nothing is right, and everything has been turned upside down, and now it's real. Real in a way it hadn't been before. Somewhere in Detroit, Michigan, beside a grave in a cemetary, a young mother attempts to comfort her young daughter as she cries. The gravestone stands silent, witness to this new reality that the wife and daughter of a now-deceased junior executive named Kenny have found themselves in. There will be much to do, and much to overcome in the coming days.[Chapter 38] Title: Ripples and Waves Fandom: Robocop: The Series Character: Diana Powers, Charlie Lippincott... Notes: Written for the Mods Picture Challenge, of which I had #18. Word count... somewhere around 1,600. The techroom at Metro South was, at first walk-through, very dull and boring, she observed as she pushed the doors open to reveal a man in a tan lab coat studying a computer screen. She watched him for a moment as he made minute changes to lines of code, and then cleared her throat to get his attention. It took him a moment to respond, and then he turned to look at her. \"Hi. I'm Diana Powers...\" \"Oh, right. The extra help that I don't need,\" he said with a sigh as he stood to greet her. Then he really looked at her and blinked. \"You're fairly well-dressed for a tech, Miss Powers.\" She stared at him. \"I'm not a tech. I'm an administrative assistant. And you are...?\" He sighed and held out his hand, which she shook haltingly. \"Charlie Lippincott. And I don't need an administrative assistant.\" \"You don't?\" \"No.\" Diana looked at the computer terminal he'd been working at. \"I could help you look through the lines of code for errors, too.\" \"You can?\" She smiled, nodded. \"I minored in computer linguistics.\" Now Charlie smiled and beckoned her further into the room, and motioned to something that had been out of sight before. Diana followed him, and then gasped at the cyborg sitting there with his helmet off, eyes closed. \"The lines of code are his.\" \"Is it safe to approach him?\" \"Carefully. If he starts moving, back away.\" She turned and looked at him in confusion. \"Sleep cycles can be touch and go. Nightmares... his strength of four-hundred foot-pounds?\" \"Oh.\" Carefully, gingerly, she approached the cyborg and studied him. The armor looked sturdy, but with the helmet off... he looked vulnerable. For an absurd moment, she pictured him with hair and blinked in recognition... one of the police officers killed during that crime wave a few years back. But... \"Does he know?\" \"I'm sorry?\" Slowly, Diana turned to look at Charlie, then glanced at the still-sleeping cyborg. \"Does he know?\" \"About...?\" \"The fact that he died during a crime wave? I remember hearing about it, all the way from Ann Arbor.\" Charlie frowned at her, gave the barest of nods. \"Safe to say he knows at least part of it. After all, he caught them.\" \"I... oh.\" She glanced at the cyborg again. \"How...?\" \"I never ask what he does and doesn't remember. Some things are just too hard to talk about. Be here a while and he gives hints... and then there are the nightmares.\" A sudden whirring of servos caught their attention and Charlie drew her further away. \"Like now.\" She sorted through the jumble of her thoughts, then took a deep and calming breath. She'd known precious little about the world before entering the workforce straight from graduating university, learned a lot while working in the so-called OCP typing pool, but this... \"About those lines of code?\" This was another matter entirely. How does a person die but not really die? It didn't make any sense. But then... the streets of Detroit being patrolled by a cyborg who was formerly a police officer that had been killed by a drug lord... that was never going to make any sense. Not at all. Charlie led her to the computer terminal and they sat down together. \"If you really want to...\" \"I do.\" And then he was explaining what each part of the lines of code did and she was asking questions and managed to accept that the world had been turned on it's ear inside of a minute. It had been an interesting month of working with Charlie and on Robo's lines of code and interacting with the men and women of Metro South when Diana got noticed that she was being reassigned again. She didn't like it, and Charlie didn't either as he stared at the printout that Sargeant Parks had handed to her when she'd arrived at the precinct that morning. She'd had just enough time to be flabbergasted and then annoyed his handling of a little girl who obviously just wanted to be listened to and paid attention to that she didn't get to voice her protests to him. \"It's not fair.\" \"No,\" Charlie said, his voice carrying the disappointment that she also felt. \"It's not.\" She glanced at the empty chair that belonged to their charge. \"I don't even get to say goodbye to him.\" \"That's what you're upset about? Saying goodbye to Robo?\" She shook her head and smiled at Charlie. \"No. Not just that.\" She handed him an envelope. \"My contact information. Call me later?\" Then she kissed him, and smiled again into Charlie's shocked face. \"What? It's been one of the best months of my life. And I think...\" Charlie blinked at her. \"I think so, too.\" \"So call me and we'll set up a date,\" she told him. \"Go dancing?\" \"I would love to,\" Charlie answered and then watched as she walked out the door. Was it too much to hope she'd end up back here at Metro South on another assignment? Three weeks later and she was dead, the very unlucky victim number twelve or thirteen of the Dogtown Rippers... who just happened to be the Dogtown Boys (a street gang), and her new (and now former) employer Chip Chaykin, and Doctor Mallardo. They'd all been caught, Robo had been down for the count and then she'd fixed him after Charlie and a bunch of techs had also fixed him... and she was trying to piece together how exactly he'd taken a blast to the chest that strong, until she 'read' all the reports. A cobra assault rifle cannon? Which... brought her back to the immediate problem of Charlie. Before everything had gone crazy, they'd had a date scheduled for tomorrow. How was she supposed to go on a date like this? \"Diana?\" The voice made her look up to find him standing there, staring her, sitting in the flux stream. \"Oh. Hi.\" He pulled up a chair and sat down. \"Long story?\" She smiled. Only Charlie! \"Long and weird... Did you know finding errors in paperwork can lead to being killed?\" Charlie blinked in surprise. \"Really?\" \"I have the worst timing.\" He chuckled, despite himself. \"You do?\" \"What are you doing up here?\" He paused and nodded toward the door, and she looked to find Robo standing there, watching them. \"He thought I might want to look at the public works systems, see if anything needed to be fixed after the mess with Doctor Mallardo. He didn't mention you.\" She whirled out of the flux stream and marched up to Robo and stared him right in the visor. \"That was mean, Alex!\" Robo's lips seemed to quirk. \"You would have wanted him to know. Eventually.\" \"I was still working on how to explain it!\" She put her hands on her hips in a huff, then smiled. \"Thank you.\" When the cyborg answered her with silence, she turned around and looked at Charlie. \"So...\" \"We'll work something out,\" Charlie told her gently. \"I guess it won't be dinner?\" She sighed. \"Or even dancing. Can a computer date?\" He frowned at her. \"You're more than that.\" \"So far this week, my boss tried to fire me only for the Chairman to admonish him into better behavior, and then I died...\" She turned and looked at Robo again. \"And I think I know how you feel, or at least have a good idea. And I'm confused. Very.\" \"Then that's what we'll do,\" Charlie said into the silence that followed. \"Just like your first day at Metro South.\" She whirled herself back into the Flux stream and looked at him. \"Huh?\" \"Conquer the confusion?\" \"Oh.\" She considered him for a moment before nodding. \"We could do that. What do you suggest?\" \"Show me the lines of code affected by the virus?\" She did, and Robo quietly, and almost unnoticed but for the whirring of servos, slipped out the door and left them to it. There was much she wanted to say to the cyborg, but it could wait for a better time. For now, she was going to enjoy her not-quite-a-date with her boyfriend. Almost a year to the day that she'd walked into the tech room at Metro South, and they were standing on a simulated beach, watching the waves crash ashore. It wasn't perfect, and apparently Gadget made fun of him every time she found Charlie using the VR gear to enter the system, but Diana was happy to have him here where she could touch him. \"You've got ten minutes,\" she told him, still refusing to leave his embrace. \"I think.\" Charlie chuckled, and then broke the embrace and got down on one knee. \"This isn't conventional by any means, but... will you marry me?\" For a very long moment, she stared at him, not quite believing those words had come out of his mouth. \"I'm sorry? What?\" \"Marry me?\" So it wasn't her imagination. \"Charlie!\" \"What?\" \"I'm mostly dead!\" \"So?\" \"Ninety-nine percent of the time, I can't even touch you!\" \"What does that have to do with anything?\" He waited while she stared down at him, stunned. She took a deep unneeded breath and opened her mouth to protest further, that the idea was ridiculous, that it could never work, and the refusal died on her lips. He didn't care about the details. \"Yes.\" Then he stood and gave her a kiss that would have curled her toes if she'd still had toes. The rest could wait. Right now, it was just them, two people on a beach, real or not. (...here endeth the tale, though the story goes on...)[Chapter 39] Orbit It was easy to see how they circled each other, even before they knew one another. Same company, different departments... and yet, but for an accident of circumstances, they never would have met. \"You really like that pattern?\" Charlie glanced at her on the vid-phone screen. \"What's not to like about it?\" \"It clashes...\" At his raised eyebrow, she whirled out of the nearest socket and pointed from his coat, to the curtains, to the rug. \"None of these look good with that bedspread! Not even your coat, and it's beige!\" \"Diana?\" \"What?\" \"The electric grid here can't take you doing that for long. And I don't care that it clashes.\" She heaved an un-needed sigh. \"Why not?\" \"Because it reminds me of the Neuro-brain interface.\" That revelation made her pause and she looked at it again with new eyes. It was colorful and abstract and weird... and again a reminder of how they'd met in the middle of things and also a reminder that they could have just as easily missed each other. \"I guess...\" \"And since we can't always be together, I wanted something that speaks of your presence in my home. In our home... even if it is the craziest bedspread I could find and the cashier looked like she wanted to ask if I was crazy for buying it.\" At that, Diana had to laugh. \"If I could kiss you right now, Charlie, I would.\" His responding smile would have been enough to light up all of Zone Five.[Chapter 40] A/N: I've touched on Tin Man before, but not this moment. We meet again The man was staring at him with blank intensity and wild eyes, and Robo couldn't move as a memory overtook him... \"Malloy's rule number one: there is NOTHING, nothing better than being a cop.\" ...and he was still standing there in the warehouse in that silver jacket, with an uncharacteristically blank look on his face. \"Malloy?\" The name had left his lips before he'd even realized he had spoken, almost too stunned to register what happened next. The familiar man's eyes started to blink and he twitched once, twice, and then the blank look returned and he pointed a weapon at the ceiling, launching something at it, and then walked away. Robo had just enough time to tag him before the grenade went off and the building blew up. Answers would have to wait. For now.[Chapter 41] Moonglow She'd been officially tag-team arresting someone while off duty, was her first thought as she looked up at her partner from where she lay trapped by the bus. Off duty, last thing of the day before going back to the station to log out... and then this happened. Over Robo's metal shoulder, she noticed the full moon high in the sky. Barely, because the city lights were so bright, but there. It figured. Of course a crazy bus accident would happen tonight! Why not? That was the last thing Lisa remembered before sliding into blessed unconsciousness.[Chapter 42] Rushing headfirst It had started out as casual flirtation in the cereal aisle at the grocery store, Nancy reflected as she looked across the table at her companion. Once every month or so, they'd meet again in the same grocery store and trade stories about children or work or life in general, smile, and then forget about one another until the next time. Over and over again, they'd run into each other at that same store until once every month or so became twice a month, and then three. After two years of meeting like that, seemingly at random, they finally exchanged contact information and names. His name was Robert, and it turned out that he lived three streets away from her and Jimmy, and closer to her in-laws than she did. Tonight was their first real date, though it felt like they'd been dating for years... and maybe, in a way, they had.[Chapter 43] last one to know Standing outside the church on a cold afternoon in March, he is content to stand sentry, to let the ceremony going on inside continue all the way to it's conclusion without saying anything to stop it. He hadn't been, at first, when the news had finally trickled down to him. It was one thing for his wife to get on with her life, entirely another for it to happen and not know about it until Madigan had let it slip that she was going to a wedding in two weeks. Things had fallen into place... namely why his wife had been out of town while his son received an award for that Business Buddies thing that had turned into a fiasco. Even just thinking about it now, he shuddered in disbelief and disgust at how his family had nearly been torn apart again. Of all the things... The doors opened, interrupting the spiral of his thoughts, and he turned his focus to the happy couple making their exit, his gaze centering on her as memories began to play in the back of his mind... he hadn't needed to be inside the church, because he had been, before, with her smiling up at him as they each said their vows. A hand on his metal shoulder shook him out of the reverie and he turned to find his father watching him knowingly. There was nothing to be said right then, nothing at all. ","Summary":" Title: Broken Glass (Drabble Series) Fandom: RoboCop: The Series Characters: Maybe not everybody..."}]