[{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Lost","Author":"Vema","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6325575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lost . . Note: This is a drabble in Chuck's POV. This assumes that he couldn't get back to Earth, due to lack of fuel or something. I was thinking about making a longer fic about this, but no time right now. Let me know what you think or if you want a longer fic. Once again, please review! . . Five years was a long time. I felt like I was starting to forget my homeworld, forget the look of humans at all. I was only reminded when I looked in the mirror, at my strange nose and peach skin, my weird hair which I couldn't get any barber to cut the way I remembered it should look. I don't remember when it started, only that it had. I gripped a green hip, thrusting desperately into the surrendering body beneath me. It was these moments when I lost myself, one body beneath me, the other behind me, filling me, hot breath on my back and chest. Lem shuddered and bit my shoulder, murmuring his love in my ear, and beneath me, Neera did the same. Greedy hands moved on my skin, and I forgot my misery. I felt guilt and shame as I found my own release, burying my nose in an exotic smelling neck as hot hands rubbed my back. And in the aftermath, in the shuddering, sweaty heap, I wondered if it was really so bad if we all wanted it. . . ~fin ","Summary":" Lost . . Note: This is a drabble in Chuck's POV. This assumes that he couldn't get back to Earth, d"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"The Thing From Another World","Author":"PalaeoPanthalassa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10485564","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: AU (Alternate Universe), Chuck and Katie are both astronauts sent to Planet 51 to document the apparently uninhabited exoplanet, neither expect that there is already any complex life forms already living there, things are made yet more complicated when the two get separated. Katie finds herself having to play along with the charade of being a hostile alien invader in order to convince (or rather trick) the unfortunate General Grawl to stop him from turning her over to the government who want to take her apart. Chapter 1 - Crash landing Deep in the far reaches of space something moved. Everything was black there...for the moment. Presently a red light on the ceiling began to blink rapidly. There was movement again, as something stirred in the darkness The red flickering light illuminated the sleeping form of Charles 'Chuck' Baker as he made clumsy move to wipe at his nose in his sleep, in the process of which though he slowly began to slide out of his sleeping pod, before artificial gravity took over and he fell out onto the floor; strangely enough though the astronaut did not appear to feel this and carried on sleeping, snoring loudly, mouth hanging open. The room was small, it was made so the ship had more room for stuff deemed important. The 'Mothership', as it was known, was large but it had to house a huge engine and several hundred fuels tanks, making the habitable space on board available, minimal. Outside of this 'dormant' room on the, one and only, floor below, several dozen meters away, closer to the alpha computer control room, a timer went off, initiating a whole sequence of responses. The main one being that the lights throughout the ship turned on, though were ignored by everyone. Two bright blue electronic lights switched on, metal constraints hissed and clicked as they folded away and released their grip on the droid that had until then been working simultaneously with the computer system, collecting and filing all the data through its artificial brain. Metal claw-like feet clinked onto the ground as it straightened itself, for a moment it paused, proto-field reconnecting with that of the command computer console to reassure itself of the data. They were approaching the coordinates of their designated destination, the ship would be entering orbit soon. The droid tapped into the system's security cameras, and felt what could only be described as annoyance as it noted that both humans were asleep. droids were not often built to feel emotions and certainly were not built to have personalities, but they tended to develop them after many years of being in use. This was droid L-4 aka. ELF, designated and designed for computer control, navigation and, in rare cases, the protection of its assigned humans. It linked automatically back into the computer's mainframe and checked on all fuel, damage and oil levels, along with everything else that could be important to travel and survival of the astronauts, and then, out of personal decision, it activated the emergency waking system. The alarm was nothing more than three loud beeps which could be heard throughout the ship, but they would have awoken the dead. In the dormitory, both humans shot up in their sleeping pods simultaneously. The human, who wasn't Chuck, looked around frantically in alarm. \"Where's the fire?! Where's the fire?! Where's the-…oh.\" she realised the noise wasn't a fire alarm. Charles 'Chuck' Baker shot up as well, but with a grin on his face, ready to face the day, or possibly night - it was so hard to tell in space - straight away. The same could not be said for the other, who after grumbling deludedly for several moments, collapsed backwards into her pod again and went back to sleep. Chuck slipped on his blue jumpsuit over his underwear and bounded out into the hall, still grinning. The door automatically hissed shut behind him. Today, or tonight - he still wasn't sure - was to be the biggest break in his career. He was young, famous and handsome - he paused to admire his reflection on the shiny metal surface of the door - yes, very handsome, he thought to himself. Once he was certain that he had nothing between his teeth, Chuck headed towards the main command room, thumping on the door once before he left. 'Katie, get up.' he shouted, he didn't wait for a response though, he knew his sister was not a morning person - even if it wasn't really morning, the time thing really was a tricky when you were traveling in space - and the last thing he wanted to do now was have anything ruin the start to a fabulous day. He carried on his journey, but half way there stopped, having caught his reflection again in another piece of gleaming metal - was his hair unkempt? Did chicks like it when it was unkempt or did they prefer it neat and tidy? What would look better for the photoshoot? While Chuck was pondering this deeply philosophical question, the droid ELF had made its way up from the ground floor so as to join the captain in the command room, only of course the captain wasn't there yet but admiring his reflection. Chuck had just come to the conclusion that he would look good in photograph no matter how his hair was styled when he became aware that he was not alone. Chuck was immediately confronted with the sight of the blank stare of ELF. \"Good morning, captain.\" the droid stated through hidden speakers within its chest cavity. ELF was a humanoid droid but only to a certain extent, \"he\" was not organic in any sense, his appearance was all shiny silver metal, a straight slate grey face without any distinguishing features such as a mouth or nose, just with two cold blue optics - they were not really eyes but lights. \"Good morning, Elfy-boy!\" said Chuck playfully thumping the droid on one metal shoulder. \"Status report?\" ELF paused in answering, gears and diodes firing quickly within its artificial brain, confused over the action. It hadn't been the first time Chuck had thumped him on the back, and he still wasn't sure what the gesture meant. At first he had interpreted it as violence, then as a greeting, as well as friendly gesture or perhaps a sign of dominance. Either way on the one occasion that ELF had attempted to use it on someone things had had not turned out well - they had taken him to the maintanance bay and kept him there for over a week to find out his programming was malfunctioning. \"Approaching destination. Current coordinates show that the ship will be entering orbit within less than 30 minutes. It is advised at this current time to ready yourself for departure.\" \"Okay, I think I caught half of that.\" Chuck had been distracted by his own reflection again, visible on ELF's highly polished metal face. \"So basically I need to go get ready...Now?\" \"Two hours have been provided, but may be extended if necessary. We will be entering orbit shortly. Where is Miss Katie? If she intends to travel with you to the planet surface then she must also be prepared.\" Chuck looked back towards the dormitories, as he expected there was still no sign of Katie emerging from the room any time soon. \"Katie's snoozing like a log, you won't be getting her up easily.\" he replied shaking his head. The droid was silent and still for a moment, as if contemplating an answer. But it was clear it had already made a decision when Chuck realized his feet were no longer touching the ground. The droid had activated the anti-gravity within the ship. Chuck grabbed onto a nearby rail and pulled himself back down to the ground, strangely enough ELF seemed unaffected by the gravity change. There was silence for a moment, then the gravity was reactivated again causing anything that had slowly been floating upwards to go crashing back down to the ground, there was a crash from within the dormitory, followed by a string of curses. \"Well I guess she hit the roof. Haw, haw, haw.\" said ELF. Amongst many of the things he had tried to copy off of humans, humor had to be the one he had failed most sadly at. Chuck managed a fake laugh just to make the droid not feel bad, a depressed droid was not something anyone wanted. Several moments later, Katie stormed through the room, her hair up in a messy ponytail in attempt to look somewhat presentable. She glared briefly at ELF, then disappeared in the general direction of the kitchen. \"Katie is up.\" Chuck grinned at ELF who was now busy with the console screen, communicating the the ship's computer system. \"Hey Katie, could you grab me some of those Twix bars?\" \"Eat your breakfast, then get some yourself.\" came the grouchy reply. \"Hey, sis, please. This is a big day for me.\" he shouted back, doing his best to sound sad, but it sounded more as if he had a stomach ache - Chuck was not the best of actors. There was a groan, then some angry muttering. \"Fine, where are you keeping them? They're not with the other rations.\" \"Um, the furthest storage room, right at the end of the hall.\" he replied. \"That's not a storage room, that's an-\" Chuck didn't catch the last words his sister said as he had just remembered his hair gel, he had forgotten it under his bed back on Earth! He reeled from this shock for a moment before remembering that he had decided to go for the messy look already. 'Makes me look more adventurous, heroic.' he thought to himself. He was actually feeling quite giddy with excitement, he was going to be the first ever human to set foot on this planet, but this was not really in his thoughts, he was thinking more of the photos to be taken, and the magazine, newspaper fronts, the press conferences, the talk show! Everyone would love him, the heroic astronaut, come back from outer space where no man had ever gone before. The only bad thing that was nagging him a little today was the fact that he didn't smell as good all that good (since ELF, in an attempt to fix a leaky tap shortly after their departure from Earth, had downed the whole showering system), but even that wasn't bothering him now. Chuck, finding that he had nothing immediately to do other than wait for Katie to return, flopped down in a swivel chair beside ELF who was still busily tapping away at the console screen. It was all just a swirl of green to Chuck, weird seemingly alien symbols popping up in a continuous stream, ELF selecting and choosing each of one at a split second's notice. Chuck thought it was strange that anyone could ever even understand these symbols but there were, Katie was one of them, though even she could not rival the speed the droid was going at.. Chuck began to go through his planend speech in his head, he considered briefly bouncing it off of ELF but decided against that quickly - and ELF was not the best at conversation, only being able stare back blankly at him, occasionally correcting him midsentence when he used slang instead of official words. ELF finally stopped and turned to face him, though he didn't need to, ELF only had optic eyes for the humans' comfort, he was perfectly capable of seeing the world around him without them by means of an electric field. \"The drop-ship is ready for embarking. Oxygen levels are filled to their maximum, as are fuel tanks. There appear to be no faults in the system mainframe that would suggest any trouble with the drop-ship, it is in perfect working order.\" Chuck was eyeing the green screen, though the symbols were no longer flashing up since no one was changing them, there was still a stream of codes going along underneath, monitoring the ship's behaviour continuously. \"So I can board now?\" But Chuck's eyes were on the four neon awaiting command from droid. \"Affirmative. As soon as the energy transfer pump levels are at full capacity and the door has been opened.\" Chuck leant forward, he was feeling very confident right now, like he could do anything, so he didn't hesitate when he badly mistook one of the signs on the screen and pressed it - thinking that it represented the internal heating of the ship, in his jumpsuit he felt half-boiled and wanted air conditioning. \"You do not have the authorization to access the scroll panel.\" ELF stated. The droid was not built to show emotions, so he didn't react in any readable way. \"Yeah, but what no ones knows won't hurt anyone will it?\" said Chuck eagerly, choosing a second icon as four new ones popped up to replace the old. Several clicks later the whole ship suddenly shuddered, but apart from that nothing else seemed to happen, and Chuck didn't feel any cooler. \"You just released escape pod number 4.\" Chuck's smile faded for a moment, but then he grinned in a self-assured way and patted ELF on the shoulder. \"Number 4? That means there are at least three others right?\" \"Affirmative.\" \"Well then, lets forget this ever happened.\" \"Not possible. My memory unit is incapable of erasing infor-\" \"Okay, okay, just don't mention it to anyone.\" \"Affirmative.\" \"Can you turn down the heating though, I feel like a boiled cabbage. And where is Katie with those Twix?\" ELF paused a moment, his geers whirring as he tracked down the missing passenger. \"In space.\" he replied shortly. \"Yeah, we all are.\" \"She was in the escape pod you just released.\" \"Ah.\" Chuck looked a little surprised but otherwise didn't seem very affected. \"I'll just have to pick her up once I get down there. Flag first though, she knows how to use an astro suit. I'll maintain contact with you once I'm on the ground, you can guide me towards he location once I'm on the planet's surface, right?\" \"Correct. All the astronaut gear is infused with a tracking device chip.\" Chuck then chuckled nervously as his brain finally found time to catch up with the implications of his accident. \"She's not going to be happy when she realises what happened, all her electronics are still up here, and her book for her field notes, and her camera...\" Katie was younger than Chuck by three years, and was not trained foremost as an astronaut but a biologist, but she had had the luck to get the chance to do her final year disseration project on extraterrestrial life on exoplanets - sure this planet was apparently lifeless (a ball of rock with more rocks on it), but there might be microscopic life hidden away somewhere, and it would make a fancy title if nothing, it certainly sounded exciting. She already suspected though her paper was going to have to be on why life hadn't evolved there though. It had still been hard to get on the mission, even with her back up of her tutors from university, but Chuck had managed to pull some strings. Chuck had pointed out to her that ELF's company for six weeks (the time it took to get there and back) was going to be boring and could possibly negatively affect him mentally, or so he argued. And as it turned out, with the fully automated computer system inbuilt within the ship, as well as ELF who was programmed especially to pilot the ship should there be a system failure, Katie came to realise that Chuck didn't really know that much more about piloting spaceships than she did. Katie had paid little attention to the door behind her when it hissed shut, she assumed that as per safety protocol, all the doors shut automatically after being left alone for too long. It was only when the escape pod shook violently upon grazing past an asteroid, one of the many circling the planet, that she realised something was wrong. At first she had thought it was ELF doing his stupid gravity trick again, but then the room shook again. She stood up quickly and headed towards the door, she found to her annoyance that the door had been sealed shut, this was not good. \"Passenger Katie.\" came the metallic voice of ELF from the com-link in the escape pod. \"Katie here, ELF, could you access the security panel for, please? I appear to have been locked into one of the safety pods, number four.\" the place shook again and Katie almost lost her footing. \"And stop messing with the gravity field, its crazy down here!\" \"Err, Katie?\" it was Chuck speaking now, he sounded a little uneasy. \"Chuck?\" Now what was he up to? \"Your escape pod was kinda released and right now you're hurtling at break neck speed towards Planet 51's surface.\" Chuck said very quickly, not giving her a chance to say anything back. \"…What?\" \"Elfy here advises you stay within the pod until we can retrieve you. He's says there is oxygen on the planet but isn't sure how much, he's working on an analysis of the atmospheric composition now.\" there was static for a few seconds, which Katie was quite sure Chuck was producing himself, since it only appeared to happen when he wasn't speaking. \"The com signals seemed to be breaking up, your oxygen tank should last you twelve hours or so anyway. I'll see you soon, little sis!\" \"Chuck!\" The ship began to shudder rather violently as she entered the atmosphere. Katie quickly found the safety harnesses and strapped herself in after having already thrown the astro gear over the top of her smartsuit in case the oxygen supply failed, she had been on plenty of simulated flight landings before but this was an escape pod, they were not designed for soft landings, they were designed for CRASH landings! But when she did land there wasn't a crash, but a very loud thud and a long high pitched squealing of metal scraping against metal. The ship was still for a moment and Katie was just considering on how to unclip the strap system without pulling her hair when there was another violent shudder and the pod fell over onto one side. Now she was upside down, hanging by the straps keeping her from flying everywhere in the anti-gravity field, but there was gravity now, ordinary gravity. Katie searched desperately for the release buckle but couldn't find it anywhere, the escape hatch to the pod had sprung open automatically as soon as the pod had stopped moving, and now there was thick smoke billowing in through the door, making her choke. And Katie, despite having the presence of mind to previously done her white astrosuit, only now realised she had forgotten to don her mask - which now lay somewhere in the jumple of twix bars and cardboard boxes that Chuck had illsuitedly decided to store in the escape pod. Desperately she wriggled to get free, but she could not unbuckle herself from the wall-now-ceiling. The was only one last resort, she knew she would have to get out of the astrosuit. She unzipped the front of her suit, and without a mask or anything to stop her, gravity took over and she fell towards the wall-now-floor with a shriek. For a moment she lay groaning in self-pity, then she rolled over and got up, desperately seeking around with her hands for the fire extinguisher. Unable to find it in the darkness, she gave up and climbed out of the open to eye the damage from a distance not oscurred with smoke. She leapt out into the pleasantly cool air, backing up about 20 feet or so before looking over the escape pod, climbing up to the edge of the small crater that have formed around the pod. Escape pods weren't suppose to catch fire...she realised then that there were traces of metal of some other structure just below the pod. 'My car! You totalled my car!' Katie spun around to see a little green man with antenna running towards the crashsite, a large camera bouncing on his chest - though this was not Earth Katie was immediately reminded of a sightseer. And immediately she knew she was suffering hypoxia, too little oxygen in her body, there was not supposed to be any life on planet X, let alone little green men. 'The wife is not going to happy!' continued on the little alien waving his hands around frantically, completely ignoring Katie. 'I suppose we're going to have to exchange car insuran-' it was only now that he turned to look at her. Wide eyes glanced between the crashsite and Katie frantically, then without warning the strange little alien screamed and fled back the way he had came, hands high in the air. 'Alien! Alien!' she could hear him shrieking, but it didn't concern her too much. What she was more worried about was her own state of mind, the urge to climb back in the escape pod and search out her suit was overpowering, but so was the urge to flee from the smoke. Not a moment later a flame roared to life and there was an explosion that seared out as a hot blast, the white light nearly blinding her. Katie stumbled further back, and then put another 20 or so feet between herself and the escape pod, knowing that the fire had just spread to the oxygen tanks, what with how high the flames were now licking at the metal of the escape pod. Slowly she looked around at her surroundings, to one side all she could see was stony desert, as she had expected, but as she turned around to look in the other direction she realised she had crashed at the edge of a valley, and nestled there was a town. A town! Katie shook her head more than once in an attempt to clear away the illusion, but it stayed as strong as ever. There was grass, trees, and in the far distance of the town she could see movement. What on earth...? 'There! Look!' the little alien with the camera was back, standing in a car with several others. A car that hovered! Katie glanced once more back at the smoking wreck of the escape pod, knowing that none of the electronics on board would have survived, and then going against every instinct broke off into a run, heading towards a small copse of trees. Within Base 9 things were haywire, almost everyone was panicking, an incidents of unknown region had disrupted their normal generally uninteresting day. Their radar had picked up a relatively large object hurtling through the sky. It could have been a meteor but it wasn't travelling fast enough. Scientists had little time to ponder this before the object crashed just outside the town Glipforg. Amongst others, and with a large portion of the army under his control, General Grawl had been one of the first officials on scene. Everyone was too scared to even go near the ship, a lot of them had seen the 'Humaniac' films, they all pictured giant laser eyed monsters of great stature to come bursting through the space craft's door at any moment to destroy them all, though that didn't stop them forming a crowd near it. It was lucky for them all that the General was there that day, otherwise it was quite possible that the ship was have gone untouched for several weeks, merely observed by nervous onlookers and thrill seeking sightseers. A small man named Plampus Jaferg had been the sole witness to crash, and as such was very shaky though excited to be the focus of so much attention, reporters, citizens and the army alike all barraging him with a range of questions, cameras clicking away. The pandemonium irritated General Grawl, quickly he ordered his men to rope off the area surrounding the crash site. This did little for the noise level though, even at a distance the crowd still clamoured, shoving each other aside to get a better look at the spaceship.'I was bird-watching on my day off.' said Plampus when the General finally got to speak to him, Grawl got the distinct feeling that Plampus had told this story several times now but hadn't lost any of his interest in it. 'Next thing I know is that there is this huge explosion of sound and light, I look back over my shoulder, and my car is gone! And then this huge blue alien comes roaring out, it must have been 10 feet, no 30 feet tall! And it had pitch black eyes with no whites, and fangs the size of dinner plates!'Plampus sounded almost a little to enthusiastic, but the General understood he had just been through a big ordeal. Afterall, he was witness to the first signs of the incoming alien invasion, the first invaders had arrived. 'General, sir!' shouted one of his men emerging from the crashed spaceship. 'General, I think you may want to come and have a look at this!' Grawl left Plampus and headed towards the white and black husk of the spaceship, it had been on fire when they had arrived but they had since managed to put it out. Initial inspection had proven that it was empty, but no one had wanted to have thorough look due to the thick smoke. It was clear now though. Grawl considered himself a brave individual, that was why he had first enlisted in the army, it was why he had been able to work his way up the chain of command to the rank of general through the years - but that didn't stop the chill creeping up his spin as he clambered up over the wreckage and ropped down into the spaceship. He was not so brave as to be suicidal, and when he followed after his men into the ship, it was with a gun loaded and ready in his hands. The ship inside wasn't very big, in fact the Grawl found that he had a hard time actually moving around with three other soldiers already there. There was no room for the alien pilot to hide, though this was to be expected - according to Plampus the monster had fled after its ship had caught fire. 'What is it, soldier?' 'General, sir?' one soldier said, trying to get his attention, and pointed upwards, towards the ceiling with his torch. And there, in the torch light, standing out against the charred black of the ship, was a white shape. It not unlike that of the body, with arms and legs but no head, tied to the ceiling of the ship. But though it was gently swaying under the affect of gravity he could instantly tell it wasn't alive or had ever been. Cautiously he reached up, being the only one tall enough to reach, and pressed the end of his gun against the white material. It moved without resistance, like cloth. 'By the rings, it has shed it skin.' he remarked, looking over the white shape with his torch. If this thing had molted, then it was only going to get bigger. The General climbed back out of the ship, and addressed his waiting troops. 'Attention soldiers and citizens of Glipforg, the alien is still within the area, it cannot have gone far.' he informed them. 'It has just molted into a new form. It is large, and unmistakable in appearance. If you see it, do not approach it but contact us or your nearest security official. I can promise you that we, the army, will do everything possible to track the alien monster down. Your safety is our priority.' Author's Note: Okay, to be honest, this chapter was just to test the waters and I'm not certain I will be continuing it anytime soon. I actually wrote most of this about 4 years ago, and after having watched Planet 51 the other day I remembered I had written it, so I thought I might as well post it. I would like to continue it, but at the moment I'm focusing on other things, updates may be sporadic. The title is reference to a 1950's horror film, which was remade in the 80's and you may know simply as 'The Thing'. ","Summary":" Summary: AU (Alternate Universe), Chuck and Katie are both astronauts sent to Planet 51 to document"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"In outer Space","Author":"IlGiovane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10930794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ¡Hola! Creo que este es el primer fic en español de este fandom, el cual es Slash ^^ hace poco vi esta película y la palabra YAOI se leía en cada escena donde salían Chuck y Lem. La escena que más me gusto fue cuando Chuck intenta enseñar a Lem como conquistar a Neera, y cuando están a punto del beso el despistado de Skiff entra y lo arruina todo xD bueno, gracias a Skiff esta historia se ideo en mi cabeza, ¡Espero que les guste! Planet 51 y sus personajes son de sus respectivos dueños. Al igual que la imagen no es de mi propiedad. In outer Space Estaban a salvo en el espacio exterior, estaban felices de que el conflicto ya había terminado y de que nadie había salido herido, a excepción de esos dos soldados con el cerebro removido. En todo caso, ellos estaban bien, y eso era lo importante. Eckle y Skiff flotaban divertidos en la pequeña nave, golpeándose contra las paredes para impulsarse nuevamente, Neera los observaba con una sonrisa y el General Grawl se limitaba a sujetarse de su asiento para no salir levitando por ahí. En cambio Lem, que debería de sentirse aliviado porque toda esa pesadilla al fin había terminado, no podía sentir otra cosa que no fuera tristeza y decepción, ya que, después de regresar a 51, Chuck se iría y se llevaría con él lo que fue su más grande e interesante aventura. -Muy bien, es hora de regresarlos a su planeta- la voz del único humano se escuchó desde la parte superior de la nave –Les recomiendo ponerse sus cinturones, porque el descenso será un poco brusco- su peculiar voz retumbo contra las paredes de metal obligando a los demás a acomodarse en sus respectivos lugares. -Lem- el mencionado volteo hacia quien le había nombrado, era Neera que con una sonrisa y la mano extendida le pedía que se sentara junto a ella. Sin embargo, Lem no quería hacerlo. ¿Cómo que no quería? Él mismo lo había dicho, que Neera era la chica de sus sueños. Debería de estar feliz, contento, sentirse en un sueño hecho realidad, porque al fin, después de tanto tiempo y vergüenzas, Neera le había correspondido con un grácil beso en el espacio y con 51 de fondo. Lem debería de apresurarse, tomarle la mano y besarle. Como siempre había soñado. -¿Lem?- la mano de ella seguía ahí, extendida frente a él, ofreciéndole su compañía. -Este…- entonces extendió su brazo, con los dedos contraídos como si no quisieran tocar la piel de Neera, y como si le salvara la campana de hacer algo que no quería, la cabeza de Chuck se asomó por la escotilla para verificar el estado de todos. -¡Lem! Entraremos a orbita en menos de 90 segundos ¡Toma tú asiento!- -¡Chuck!- instantáneamente, Lem se impulsó con las piernas para levitar hacía el astronauta, al cual tomo por sorpresa haciendo que ambos entraran de manera brusca por la escotilla. -¿Pero qué te pasa?- el humano volteo confundido hacía su compañero, el cual se encontraba cerrando el pestillo de la redonda puerta -¿Debería preguntar?- -No…- Lem bajo la cabeza, estaba apenado por su comportamiento y Chuck lo había notado. -¿Pasa algo malo?- era obvio para él que la respuesta era un Sí . En tan pocos días se había formado entre ambos una buena amistad, ya que, como dicen, las peores situaciones sacan lo verdadero de una persona, y no había nada peor que ser un alíen en un planeta desconocido donde intentan sacarte el cerebro, o ser un adolescente con problemas sentimentales y laborales que para rematar te comprometes a ayudar a un forastero galáctico. El punto era que se conocían bien, y Lem no podía ocultarle algo a él. -Es Neera…- -¡Con que Neera! ¿Eh?- Chuck alzo la voz, gustoso, burlesco y orgulloso, con una sonrisa pícara en los labios –Te vi allá abajo, buena movida, lo admito… aunque en realidad quien se movió fue ella… ¡Pero no importa!- Chuck reía con un poco de broma en su tono, Lem asentía mientras sonreía débilmente con un ligero sonrojo en las mejillas. -Sí, fue genial- admitió mientras se acercaba al asiento de piloto donde su amigo se encontraba sentado moviendo unos botones del tablero de control. -Entonces ¿Cuál es el problema? Creía que eso era lo que querías- el tono de voz de Chuck se calmó, llegando a ser tan serio que incomodo al glipforkiano. -El beso me gusto ¡demasiado! lo admito, fue como siempre lo imagine, solo que…- -Solo que ¿qué?- -El problema es que después del beso, todo lo que sentía por Neera se neutralizo tanto, que ya no quiero volver a besarla- Lem bajo la cabeza después de su confesión, cosa que sorprendió al humano haciéndolo girar un poco su asiento para ver a su acompañante. -Pero ¿por qué?- Lem levanto la cabeza para toparse con el rostro rosado de su compañero, con las estrellas y el manto negro del espacio de fondo, brindándole un aspecto de contraluz único, era una imagen única. Y como si esa fuera la respuesta a la pregunta, Lem se sonrojo, confundiendo aún más sus pensamientos. /Entrando en órbita en 20 segundos/ -Ya escuchaste amiguito, será mejor que regreses allá abajo- Chuck se inclinó sobre el teclado de mando para apretar y mover otros botones, ignorando que Lem seguía ahí, observándole. -Chuck- el mencionado volteo a verlo con cierto signo de confusión en su rostro –Hay algo que me está revolviendo la cabeza desde hace tiempo- centro sus ojos en los de él -¿Puedo preguntarte algo?- -¿Es una broma? Entraremos en órbita en cualquier momento y ya no estaremos en gravedad cero, debes tomar asiento y ponerte el cinturón o podrías…- -¡Si me contestas lo haré!- Lem se inclinó sobre el humano apoyándose en las abrazaderas del asiento, sobresaltando a Chuck por el repentino cambio de humor del verde y por tenerlo a cinco centímetros de su cara, dejándole ver mejor esas facciones tan extrañas y al mismo tiempo tan atrayentes para él. -Okey… pero que sea rápido- -Si Skiff no hubiera entrado a la habitación cuando me \"enseñabas\" como conquistar a Neera, ¿qué hubiera pasado?- lo dijo tan deprisa que el cerebro del humano tardo un par de segundos en procesar tal información, cosa que molesto al glipforkiano . -¿Cómo que qué hubiera pasado?- -¡Sabes a lo que me refiero-! ¡Ah!- de pronto, la nave empezó a descender rápidamente y con tanta fuerza que Lem siendo el único de pie, cayo contra el suelo gracias a la gravedad que se había generado en la nave al entrar a la atmosfera de 51. El peso era tan fuerte que Lem no podía ponerse en pie, su rostro estaba pegado al suelo y sentía como si una gran roca encima de él no le dejaba moverse. -¡Te dije lo del cinturón!- de repente escucho un grito proveniente de Chuck y al mismo tiempo un par de manos que lo tomaban de los hombros y lo ayudaban a levantarse -¡Ayúdame un poco ¿quieres?!- Lem reacciono y con ayuda de sus rodillas pudo ponerse de manera vertical nuevamente para después ser sentado sobre las piernas del humano por el propio Chuck –Espero que no te moleste viajar de esta manera- -Para nada…- fue más bien un susurro, ya que el glipforkiano miraba asombrado como el regazo del astronauta servía tan bien para él como un asiento, y como esos grandes brazos hacían de cinturón al rodearle la cintura con tanta fuerza y al mismo tiempo con tanta delicadeza. /Aterrizaje en menos de 150,3 segundos/ En poco más de dos minutos, Lem estaría de regreso pisando el suelo de su planeta, y Chuck ascendiendo de nueva cuenta hacía el espacio, rumbo a su hogar. Cosa que deprimía al de piel verde. Por otro lado, Chuck recordaba con detalle a lo que Lem se había referido anteriormente con su pregunta, ¿qué hubiera pasado?, era tan claro para él que no sabía si decírselo fuera lo correcto. De repente, la nave saco un paracaídas instantáneo para facilitar el aterrizaje, Lem observaba por la ventanilla como se encontraban cada vez más cerca del suelo y sin pensarlo apretó con ambas manos los brazos que lo rodeaban. Chuck sintió el tacto de Lem en su piel a pesar de estar cubierto por aquel traje espacial, y sin querer también empezó a sentir cierta depresión al hacerse la idea de que esa sería la última vez que vería a ese ser verde que le había brindado su ayuda incondicionalmente, y entonces, con ambos brazos apretó más al alienígena formando un fuerte abrazo. Lem sintió como su cuerpo era atraído cada vez más y con más fuerza hacía el del astronauta, y se dejó hacer, recargándose contra el pecho del más alto, dejándole al humano acomodar la frente en el hueco de su cuello al mismo tiempo que ambos formaban un ovillo sobre el asiento. -Lem- -¿Sí?- ambos hablaban tan quedamente, como queriendo aprovechar el poco tiempo que tenían para estar así de juntos. -¿Sabes que hubiera pasado si Skiff no hubiera entrado a la habitación?- el aliento del astronauta chocaba contra la piel desnuda del cuello color verde, cosa que no incomodaba a Lem. -¿Te refieres, después de ese extraño baile?- ambos rieron al recordarlo, entonces el humano levanto la cabeza y acomodo su barbilla en el hueco del cuello del más pequeño, apretándolo aún más contra su pecho mientras ambos se veían de reojo. -Nada- -¿Nada?- Lem se retiró un poco para poder ver la cara de Chuck, la cual mostraba una débil sonrisa. -Claro que nada, pequeño tonto- rio un poco llegando a confundir aún más al menor –Nos acabábamos de conocer, claramente no iba a besarte- Entonces el rostro de Lem se coloro de un rojo tan intenso al saber que sus pensamientos habían sido descubiertos, ¿por qué pensaba que en ese entonces lo besaría? Era muy obvio que no. -Pero- hablo de nuevo Chuck recuperando la atención del menor –después de todo lo que hemos pasado, a pesar de que ha sido poco tiempo, en realidad me gustaría hacerlo…- El rostro de Lem se volvió a sonrojar al sentir las manos enguantadas del humano soltándole la cintura para dirigirse a su rostro, el cual tomo con tanta delicadeza como si fuera a deshacerse en sus grandes manos. Lentamente, y con dulzura, Chuck encamino su cara hacia la de Lem sin dejar de verle a los ojos, para después con un sutil movimiento retomar la posición en la que estaban cuando Skiff interrumpió en la habitación en aquel entonces, con Chuck sujetando al menor de la mano y la espalda y con Lem con su mano en la cintura del humano. Entonces el beso se concretó, tan suave y dulce, al mismo tiempo que la pequeña nave chocaba contra el suelo al compás de aquel lento beso. ¡Gracias por leer hasta aquí! ^^ Un review me alegrara la vida, ¡lo juro! ToT -Gio ","Summary":" ¡Hola! Creo que este es el primer fic en español de este fandom, el cual es Slash ^^ hace poco vi e"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Through Time and Space","Author":"Chemichal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8042614","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Through Time and Space Pairing: Mainly ChuckLem. LemNeera as a side, for a bit! WARNINGS: Interspecies, obviously. Rating: 'T' for now. Author: Chemichal Description: When Chuck is held back from Earth on Planet 51 for a whole year, him and Lem start a condemned relationship that can only end in disaster. Additional note: I figured it improbable that reaching a whole other planet in another galaxy would take more than three weeks. A year is probably stretching it too, but I'm changing it for plot purposes. \"A year? \" \"Yeah,\" Chuck sighed, sinking into a wooden kitchen chair. Lem's family all stood around the alien, the same day he was scheduled to leave—two hours after his original takeoff back home. \"I'm glad I checked the gas. I don't think have enough to make it back to my planet.\" \"Well how are you going to get home? Will you even be able to go back?\" asked Lem's father. \"I managed to send a signal back to NASA. They're sending someone up with enough fuel. It will take about a year.\" He said, reaffirming Lem's earlier exclamation. \"Well…don't you sweat your living arrangements,\" Lem's mother said kindly, after a few moments hesitation. \"You are more than welcome to stay with us. We have a guest bedroom upstairs at the end of the hallway. We'll send Lem with you into town to get some clothes.\" \"I would appreciate that Ma'am.\" Chuck replied solemnly. \"Call me Carol.\" \"Thank you Carol. If there's ever anything I can do while I'm here…\" \"Well, I may send you on some errands.\" She said with an approving smile. \"Now, shall Lem show you to your room?\" Chuck looked to his newest friend, and Lem motioned for him to follow. \"Nice digs.\" Chuck commented, upon looking at his new room, which was two doors down from Lem's. There was a double bed, with a wooden nightstand resting next to it. The window looked out on the street, and there was a small TV in the corner, across from the bed. A few portraits hung on the walls. It was simple, but homely. \"Digs?\" Questioned Lem, leaning against the doorframe. \"Yeah. This room is nice.\" Chuck reiterated. \"Your whole house is.\" \"Thanks.\" \"It was great of your family to let me stay here…\" He paused a moment, and looked at Lem, considering the situation for a moment. \"Hey bro, I'm sorry if I'm bugging you by being around. You've helped me out already, and you probably want me off your back, so you know, you can tell me if you would rather I leave.\" \"Huh?\" Lem looked taken aback. \"No way, Chuck! I'm really looking forward to getting to know you better, actually. You're a cool guy.\" \"Okay Green-Bean.\" Chuck grinned, bouncing back from his moment of doubt, and offering a fist to Lem, who looked at it quizzically, then looked back at Chuck. Chuck snorted. \"I'll have to teach you how we do things back on Earth, I see.\" \"You have a lot to learn too.\" Lem smiled at him. \"I can hardly wait.\" A few hours later, after Chuck took a long anticipated shower, him and Lem stood in the middle of the nearest clothing department store, picking through the racks for anything in the sizes extra-extra large. \"Damn Chuck. You're freaking huge.\" Lem muttered after finding only three shirts that would fit Chuck in the last hour. Chuck ran his fingers through his hair. \"That's what she said.\" \"Who?\" Chuck snickered, ignoring Lem's oblivion. \"Sorry. You green goobers are just…tiny. On my planet, I'm considered to be average size.\" \"I don't want to see what extra-extra large looks like on your planet, then.\" \"No you don't.\" Chuck agreed. He swept his eyes across the store. \"Hey, by the way…where's the pants section?\" \"Pants?\" Lem frowned at him. \"What the hell is that?\" \"They're things you put on your legs. They go around your waist?\" \"Why would you want to do that?\" \"To…\" Chuck sighed, searching for the right words. \"To cover up inappropriate body parts.\" \"Are legs inappropriate on your planet?\" Lem eyed Chuck's blue space suit, which covered his whole body, including his legs. \"No,\" Chuck muttered, going through another shirt rack. \"Just what's in between them.\" \"Your antenna?\" \"Not exactly. More of a…reproductive organ.\" \"…I see.\" Lem said after a few moments of comprehension. He turned his back to Chuck, to search through another rack. After a few awkward minutes sifting through too-small shirts, Lem finally spoke up. \"Well…you could try skirts, but I should tell you that that's a girl thing on this planet…we don't have pants here.\" Chuck smiled briefly, his hand cupping his chin in thought. \"Is there a way for you to make some makeshift ones?\" Lem tried again. \"I was just thinking about that. Is there a material store around here?\" \"Just down the street, actually.\" \"Okay. Do you mind stopping by there afterwards? I'll just sew a few pairs…\" \"'Course not. You know how to sew?\" \"Well, I can figure it out. It can't be that hard, can it?\" As it turns out, sewing is a lot harder that Chuck thought it would be. When he was younger, he would watch his mother sew all the time. Such a basic in and out movement, yet he never realized how complex it could really be. Finally, he gave up and asked Carol for help, giving her a (somewhat sloppy, but Chuck was proud of it) diagram on how it would look. \"Thanks a lot Carol.\" Chuck sighed, watching her finish up a third and final pair. He sucked a finger idly, which had been to war with the sewing needles in his previous attempts. \"Not a problem!\" The woman beamed, laying out the last pair of Chuck's freshly sewn jeans. When Chuck came into the kitchen, Lem looked up from his evening cereal and smirked. \"'Can't be that hard, can it?'\" He mimicked playfully. \"Oh shove it.\" Chuck took a seat next to him. \"When's your bedtime kid?\" \"As if!\" Lem laughed. \"I still have some homework to do.\" \"Oh the days of teenage problems…thank God I'm gone from there.\" \"Ass.\" \"It's pronounced 'As-tro-naut', Lem.\" Lem got up, carrying his bowl to the sink. \"I better get to that. My homework, I mean. Sleep well.\" \"Did you need any help?\" \"No. Can't be that hard, can it?\" Two weeks passed with surprising ease. Lem was patient when it came to explaining things to him (\"How do you work the toilets?\"), and Lem himself was intrigued by how things worked on Chuck's planet, 'Earth'. (\"Your food doesn't float? Huh…that sounds easy, actually.\") To Lem's relief, Chuck got along quite well with the community, though some were still weary of him. He was working closely with the Military, and a nearby Space Organization, helping them expand their technology. Carol was delighted by Chuck's presence. Not only did she enjoy having him around the house to send on errands, she was smitten with his upbeat personality, and his very-much childlike curiosity. Eckle, along with the members of the 'Chuck Baker Party Maker Fan-club' were constant visitors in the house, playing 'alien zombie' with the amused astronaut. Carol did not mind this either—she became popular with the other mothers for her cooking skills, and found herself with tons of new friends to chat with all day. Lem's father too, liked having Chuck around. At first, he was somewhat unsure of having Chuck stay with them; however, after an afternoon of male bonding over fixing the family car, he warmed up to him. Skiff too, was rather pleased with Chuck. After finally accepting that he wasn't out to eat Lem for dessert, he realized how cool it was to know the alien of Planet 51 personally. He asked even more questions than Lem and Eckle combined. \"It's to collect knowledge for my comic.\" He told Lem in a matter-of-fact tone one day, when Lem pointed this out. Chuck himself was at ease in his temporary home planet. He quickly fell in love with the locals of the town. He loved being approached by strangers and talking with new people. Lem reckoned he just liked the attention, and often became thoroughly annoyed by the constant interruptions on simple outings. But while taking Chuck down the street to the grocery store took as long as taking a girl to a shopping mall, Lem had to find the astronaut's outgoing traits endearing. Plus, he couldn't bring himself to pull Chuck away from anyone. The guy after all, was on an entirely new planet. He would probably be the same way. Truth be told, Lem found Chuck's sheepish, apologetic smile at the end of a long conversation worth the waiting. He was wordlessly forgiven. (Though, Lem wouldn't admit to this, even if you had a gun to his head.) However, while Lem could wait a while in a store for Chuck, he was finding it harder and harder to wait until he was finally out of school. 'Senioritis', Chuck had called it, laughing, when Lem voiced his impatience over ice cream one night. \"Is that some kind of disease?\" Lem asked, pausing mid-bite to look worriedly at his friend. \"Not really. It's more of a mindset. People on my planet who get the jittery, cant-wait-to-leave feeling near the end of the school year, we just say they have senioritis. Even if they aren't seniors—but everyone knows seniors have it the worst. Hence the name.\" \"That sounds about right.\" Lem said, satisfied with the new term to play with. Yes, things were working out very smoothly, considering an alien was living among Lem's family. Lem was grateful for having no problems, but he couldn't help but wonder if things would fall apart. It just seemed that whenever things were going good, another thing or force would come around and muck it up. While Lem wondered though, he wasn't complaining. It's not often your life can feel absolutely perfect for more than a week, and he was nearing three. He just hoped for the best. Besides, he had everything he wanted, his girlfriend, a job, and his whole life already planned. And Chuck seemed set too. What could happen? \"Prom is soon,\" announced Lem, picking up a stray flier and handing it at Skiff. \"Can you believe it?\" \"Yes,\" Skiff answered simply. \"I can. It's too bad I'll never get a date. I'll be that kid standing by the punch table, stealing all the snacks.\" \"There will be other lonely people by the snacks.\" Lem pointed out. \"You could bond with them.\" \"I guess,\" Skiff sighed idly, \"It would still be nice to have a date though.\" \"Get one then. How about Starh? Or Miggie? They seem sweet and I don't think they have dates yet.\" \"I don't think I'd be able to ask them. And I don't think they would anyway…\" \"Sure they would…try Miggie first. Just, very politely start a conversation. Then ask if she wants to go with you.\" \"Easier said than done!\" Skiff burst. \"Since when have I been able to get a date!\" \"That one time, you took Vyra on a date. It didn't end well but…anyway, I'm sure it won't be that difficult, Skiff. You're overreacting...just ask someone.\" \"Who would go with me?\" Skiff exclaimed, throwing his hands up, and knocking his wrist into a locker. \"Ouch,\" he hissed, before continuing. \"In case you haven't noticed Lem, too many people are afraid to be around me, afraid they'll catch the weird or something.\" \"I don't think they're necessarily afraid , Skiff, maybe they just don't know how to handle you.\" \"Well my point still stands that nobody wants to be around me! The only person I can think of that would want to hang around me other than you is Eckle, or Rover! And I don't need to go into how many levels of wrong those options are.\" \"No,\" Lem made a face. \"I could ask Neera if she has a friend. Then we could go together. Like a double date.\" \"Nooo…\" Skiff groaned. \"That's even more pathetic than not getting a date! I think I'll just go ahead and work that night. By then the shipments of the new 'Megogar Galactic' might be in, and I can just read while I unpack those.\" \"Well Skiff, it's still a little less than two months away. You have time to figure it out. You're welcome to hang out with us.\" \"No, just…I don't think I'll go. The last thing I want to be is a cock-block.\" \"Okay then.\" Lem held up his hands. \"I still think you should brave a try at asking someone out. Don't chicks come into the comic store? Surely they would be interested.\" \"Yeah, right! I doubt any of them would be interested.\" A loud, red bell above the paused boys rang shrilly, and the two cursed. \"Fuck it…\" Lem sighed, picking up his bag. \"I'm already forgetting that we're still in school. These last two months suck .\" \"And it's only fourth period.\" Skiff began to walk off to his class. \"Hey,\" he paused, turning back to Lem. \"You wanna hang out tonight?\" \"Tomorrow maybe?\" Lem looked at him apologetically. \"I'm watching a movie with Neera tonight.\" \"Alright man. It's fine.\" With that, the friends retreated opposite ways down the hall to face the rest of the day. That night, about 5 minutes before Neera was set to arrive, Lem opened his sleepy eyes, and took a gander at the clock. With a surprised yelp, he jumped out of bed and began the scramble to clean his room. He had fallen asleep reading a science magazine, and upon waking up, realized what a disaster his room was; and that he had a very limited amount of time to fix it. There were clothes strewn on the floor and crumbs floating aimlessly on the hardwood. He hastily grabbed the clothes, throwing them in his hamper, and immediately set to vacuuming the crumbs. There were a bunch of Chuck's candy bar wrappers on the floor from when they had their late night chats. Lem stared at them for only a moment, wondering if they were vacuum safe, and sucked them up anyway. \"Hey Lem,\" Chuck opened the door to his room, watching the frantic boy run around. \"You didn't forget about your date, did you?\" \"No,\" Lem panted. \"I fell asleep.\" Chuck laughed at him. \"Okay then. Your mom wants me to go to the store. Need me to pick anything up for you guys?\" \"No, everything is taken care of. Thanks.\" \"Alright. You two play nice.\" He teased, and with a grin and a wink, Chuck whisked away from the bedroom, down the hallway. On his way down the stairs, he bumped into Neera on her way up. \"Hi Chuck!\" She engaged him in a friendly hug. \"Hey Neera! How you doin'?\" \"Other than the 'senioritis',\" Neera placed air quotes around the Earthling vocabulary word. \"I'm doing great!\" \"Good to hear.\" \"Hey Chuck, by the way, my brother asked if you could drop by the house later.\" \"Sure I can.\" \"Thanks. Sorry he's all over you all the time.\" Neera gave him a grateful look. \"He's a cute kid. I don't mind.\" Chuck said. He wouldn't admit that it was a major ego boost to be admired and liked by Eckle and his flock of fan club members, even if they were just kids. \"Hey, I'm just about to head to the store, so you have fun with Green-Bean.\" \"Alright Chuck. Have a safe walk!\" Neera gave him a small wave goodbye, as Chuck went to retrieve Carol's grocery list. \"Thanks for having me over tonight Lem!\" Neera said sweetly, taking a pack of snacks out of her bag. \"And you know, if you want to watch something else that's fine.\" \"No, it's fine,\" Lem popped the film into the player and glanced shyly at his girlfriend. \"I don't mind.\" Neera smiled at him, with that smile that constantly dazzled him. He felt the corners of his mouth pull up, his face feeling hot. \"I'm going to use the restroom before we start. Be right back.\" She said to him, after a long moment. Lem nodded as she left the room, and allowed himself another giddy smile. He still couldn't believe it. The girl of his dreams… After hitting the store, Chuck went to Neera's house to see Eckle. He was with him for over an hour—the excitable boy insisted Chuck read him a bedtime story about aliens invading in his 'alien invader voice'. Of course, this had only riled up Eckle more—so Chuck did the first thing that came to mind to put him to sleep. He started telling Eckle about how each ship part worked, something that even bored him to some degree. Eckle tried to stay with him, but sure enough, Eckle was on his way to dreamland in less than fifteen minutes. By the time Chuck got back to the house, Lem's parents had gone to bed already. Chuck quietly put the groceries into their designated cabinets, and snagged himself a large purple fruit called 'Paros' that he had come to love, for dinner. He briefly wondered if Lem was still on his 'date', as he ambled up the stairs. He didn't have to think on it for long though—as he passed Lem's doorway, he glimpsed him and Neera cuddling close, their eyes fixated on the screen. Their fingers curled together loosely, resting on Lem's lap. As Chuck passed, he swallowed, feeling somewhat dizzy. Back in his room, he sat by the window and dug into his paros fruit, eating halfheartedly, a newfound pit in his stomach making him not as hungry as before. He looked at all the stars in the sky, and wondered if he was feeling homesick. 'But,' he thought. 'I felt right at home playing with Eckle, and putting away groceries for Carol.' It was only when he saw Lem and Neera, that his stomach began to churn… Feeling uneasy, and somehow unwilling to think , he turned on the small television in the corner of his temporary room, and attempted to find something to watch. He finally settled on a history channel, one of which had become his favorite in the past month. They were talking about Planet 51 mythology, which turned out to be just as crazy as Earth's. Ironically, Chuck already knew the story they were talking about. Lem had told him about it last week. \"… So Yulie took the knife and slashed her father's throat. She took his fresh blood in a jar, and disappeared into the night, to return to her house and perform the ritual that would bring her baby brother back.\" \" WHHAAAT?\" Chuck exclaimed, a bit too loudly, and Lem shushed him, and they both listened, waited for a sign that they had once again woken Lem's parents. But nothing came. Chuck smiled slyly at Lem and waved half a Twix at him. Lem laughed quietly, and accepted it. \"This story blows. Tell me a better one.\" He demanded. \" You're such a picky asshole.\" Lem muttered incredulously. \" It's pronounced as-tro-naut. Good gosh, how many times do I have to tell you?\" \" Do you want a love story, then?\" Lem mocked. \" Sure,\" Chuck looked thoughtful. \"Does it involve restrictive parents and rebellious lovers?\" \" Somewhat. Why? Do you have something like that in your planets mythology?\" \" Pyramus and Thisbe. I'll tell you about them another time. Now, what about yours?\" \" It's somewhat of a less dramatic story. Though I will say it doesn't end well. Their names are Lyria and Marthius.\" Lem started. \"And they met one day when Lyria went to the river to get water for her family. Lyria's parents, like all the other parents of the town, had not ever let her go to the river, because they were afraid of the water spirit that supposedly dwelt there.\" At this point, Chuck raised his hand, biting the inside of his lip ever so slightly. Lem eyed him exasperatedly, knowing the look already. \"What?\" \" Was she hot?\" \" Chuck,\" Lem threatened halfheartedly. \"Do you want to hear this or not?\" Chuck smiled, leaning back on the wall compliantly. \"Sorry. Proceed.\" \" The people of the town only sent their oldest sons to the river,\" Lem began again. \"But this week, Lyria's older brother was out of town. Her other brother was only five and her father had fallen ill. Her mother sent her to collect water so she could watch over her husband. She warned her many times, 'Do not dawdle. Do not talk to ANYBODY. Get the water and hurry back. The water spirit would surely try to hurt a beautiful girl like you.\" \" So she IS hot.\" Chuck interjected, earning a glare from Lem. \" So Lyria went to the river and quickly collected her water. She turned to leave, but she stopped when she saw a boy sitting on the riverbank in a patch of flowers that always bloomed there. He was a bluer green than her, or anyone else she had ever seen. She wanted to say hello, but was weary because of her mother's warnings. Just then, the boy turned and smiled at her, and his eyes were the bluest and kindest she had ever seen. She smiled back, nervous, but also enthralled by his beauty. Instead of saying something, she forced herself to look away, and went home. As she walked she turned to look back at him, but he was gone. \" Was that the water spirit?\" Chuck asked. \" Duh.\" Lem replied, sounding annoyed. \" Legitimate question,\" Chuck held up a finger. \"Why did the townspeople not like him?\" \" Well many years before, he actually drowned few people. He didn't mean to exactly. He didn't understand the concept that they could not breathe under water. He eventually understood, and was careful, but the townspeople began to mistrust him. As generations went on, the stories escalated, until it was said that he tricked and murdered anyone he crossed paths with. Truth is, he was just lonely, and a bit misguided in the beginning.\" \" If they were so scared of him, why didn't they just use another river?\" \" There were no others for many many miles.\" He explained. Chuck nodded, and Lem continued with the story. \" The next day, Lyria's family needed more water. She was sent once again, her mother a little less weary. She warned her nevertheless, and Lyria set off. When she got there, she looked around, but did not see the boy. Discouraged, she gathered her water, and turned to leave, but out of the corner of her eye, she saw him again, in the same patch of flowers. He smiled at her, and she smiled back, and this time, she went up to him.\" \"\" Hello,\" She said. \"I'm Lyria.\"\" \"\" I'm Marthius,\" the boy replied. \"Won't you sit and talk with me?\" he picked a flower from where he sat and offered it to her. Lyria was nervous, but calmed by the spirits' gentle demeanor. She accepted the flower and sat with him. They talked for a long time, until Lyria realized how long she had been gone. Her mother would be worried. Marthius was sad to see her go, but she promised him she would be back tomorrow. And she was.\" \" It went like this for six months. Lyria realized that Marthius was simply lonely—not conniving or murderous like she had been told all her life…and Marthius finally had a companion. It was in this way, the two fell in love. But it wasn't meant to last long. A love that would be that frowned upon just couldn't. One day, when Lyria went to see Marthius, he told her that after she had left the previous day, a group of spirit hunters came, to try and capture him, as they do every once in a while. It made him evaluate something he had been forcing to the back of his mind for a long time.\" \"\" Lyria,\" he said gently to her. \"We can't be together. I am a spirit. Your people will never accept me. And I could never give you the life another being like you could give. Thank you, for being with me for this long. This is the happiest I've ever been, but it's time that you started working towards your own happiness.\"\" \" Lyria begged him not to leave. But, helpless, she could only watch as he walked into the water, and disintegrated into it. She rushed over to the edge and dipped her fingertips in. \"Marthius,\" she cried. \"Please come back!\" But Marthius did not return. In her grief, she threw herself into the river, and there she drowned.\" Lem frowned upon finishing. \"Chuck,\" he deadpanned. \"Are you crying?\" \" Hell no!\" he blinked furiously. \"I just have to sneeze…\" Chuck watched as representative pictures flashed on the screen of the two, and then the episode ended, in favor of something Chuck had already seen twice. Dejectedly, he turned off the TV and curled into bed, allowing his mind to wander as he fell asleep. He thought about Lyria and Marthius, and Pyramus and Thisbe. He even thought a bit about crazy Yulie. And he thought about Lem, too. And he couldn't shake that feeling he had felt earlier when he saw Lem and Neera holding hands, no matter how hard he tried. Dizzy. Irate. Distressed. Jealous. -End chapter 1- Important authors note: If you've read this far, thank you for staying and reading! I'm honestly nervous as ever to post this. This idea has been circulating with me ever since last summer…so almost a year. Just now, after dozens of checks and nit-picking, I'm posting it. Anyway, point is, I may be slow with updates, if you choose to watch this story. (Though of course, hopefully not as long as it took me to start!) That being said, any feedback would be very greatly appreciated. Tell me if you think I need to improve on a certain aspect of my style, or on the characterization of any of the characters. ","Summary":" Title: Through Time and Space Pairing: Mainly ChuckLem. LemNeera as a side, for a bit! WARNINGS: In"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Second Helpings","Author":"Kryteria","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6190289","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Plot Bunnies! Well not really, I just had this itch to write, so out came this! Due in part mostly to the fact that Planet 51 was the last thing I had watched before I obliged myself. Really, it was either this or Battlefield fan fiction. I have the story all planned out so it runs the chance of being quite lengthy depending on its reception and my amount of free time. As for the introduction, it's a nice little adventure. I am, for the most part, just playing around with Chuck's character, getting a feel for him before I throw him into some more dense interaction. I'm a little nervous about not being able to capture the characters correctly; nonetheless I'm giving it my best. Also, I appologize for any mistakes and shifts in tenses that there might be, I can only catch so much. As always, tips and comments will be received with the utmost pride! Anyways, here's the intro. Enjoy! It was happening all over again. HQ had patched through a reply to his earlier transmission. Their answer was no. Chuck was going to have to void the set course to Earth, turn the shuttle around and head back. Command had made it abundantly clear it was either follow said orders or be shot on site and neither sounded to be the safer option. This was ridiculous, he had just survived being quarantined by this 'race' and now he was returning for a second helping of torment. He knew this couldn't end well, but he forced himself to relax anyways; it would be a few days before he'd reach Planet 51. The scariest thought about returning to 51 wasn't about getting dissected alive with very little medication by tiny green monsters, no; it was of not being able to land near the ones he'd already dealt with. There was still the rest of the planet out there and only god knows what kind of trouble he'd land in if his craft happened to sit itself in the wrong territory. There was no way to fly his girl down into the same town he was at before; the coordinates had been removed when he turned her back. Too bad, at least there he would have stood a small chance of survival. Chuck had already met the town's people, they'd already tried to kill him, \"—And they did end up letting me go,\" he mused aloud to no one in particular. Thing is, he wasn't sure how those green monkeys would have reacted to seeing him come right back a week later. The six days of space travel came and went—fast, and Baker was back, starring down at the Bluish-purple planet he was so happy to have left a week prior. The landing was rough and the terrain that was visible through the shuttles porthole wasn't in any way inviting. The land looked like the so many other uninhabitable places he'd set foot in before. By the looks of it, he had landed on the outskirts of town near the base he was being held at towards the end of his maiden voyage. \"Ah memories, seems like the sour ones are always the first to great you…\" Chuck grumbled to him self as he began to cut the power to the engines and throw together a basic survival kit. Considering Charles had just landed on something resembling a barren Arizona desert, he decides it would be a good idea to wear his exploration suit for protection against the presumably sever temperatures jumps—despite it being a beacon to any full-minded alien. And so, reminiscent of Chuck's first landing on the surprisingly populated planet, the shuttle door pried open with a hiss of air and out stepped a uniformed figure. Only, this time it was dragging its oxygen pack, now hollowed and filled to the brim with dehydrated food and Twix value packs—it was going to be a long walk back to wherever Lem's people lived. Chuck was given only enough foodstuffs to complete his mission, but he could get about another 2-3 weeks worth depending on how he rationed it. Chuck just hoped that he could make it over to the town before then. The sun was setting on the horizon by the time Chuck was ready to head off. Interestingly, the sunsets here were nothing like the ones back home. There where no red, yellow, or purple hues; there was just a deep cerulean that seemed to seamlessly fade to night sky. Just as Chuck was about to set out on his trek back to town, he froze. \"Um…Okay, uh, where am I going, exactly?\" Chuck murmured under his breath looking about, bewildered and a little frantic. He had no idea where he had landed the space pod and not that it would have mattered much since he had no idea where the town he had to get to was located on this world either way. Just then, he heard a throaty bark back behind him. Slowly turning around with a baffled look plastered about his face, he peered back at the shuttle—he'd forgotten all about that little guy! Quickly dropping what he was cradling, Chuck darted back to the capsule, scampering up the steps and to the small upper, side-compartment of the ship. Swiftly climbing the ladder, he popped open the latch to what was once his sleeping quarters. They would have still been his if it weren't for a certain 'companion' he'd picked up before leaving Planet 51. Peering inside, Chuck could clearly see half of his once functional bed liquefied, sagging against the galvanized-steel flooring. The room was a mess to say the least, but despite the apparent aftermath there was no sign of the alien stowaway. Just then, he felt a light tugging on his pant leg and looked down along the ladder to see the black mutt hanging off his foot. \"Boy, am I glad to see you!\" Chuck yelped excitedly to the small dog as he climbed down the suspended stepladder. Settling his features a little, he cleared his throat, \"Now, seeing as you trashed my room,\" affectionately pointing to the ceiling, \"There is some due punishment to be dealt, but! I am willing to forgive you if you can help me,\" Chuck cooed with a look similar to that of a shifty car salesman back on earth. Turning to glance down at the animal he scrunched his nose, \"Um, I know you…uh, don't have eyes, but I hope you can at least smell—because if you couldn't that would just be stupid.\" He scoffed. Straightening up a bit, he continued, \"Anyways, I need you to somehow lead us back to your house. Can you do that for me?\" he accompanied the last few words with a sidelong glance at the creature. It was still dark out when Chuck felt the need to stop and rest his aching shoulders. Setting down his pack on a large flattop rock, he tossed a weary look at the pup that was patronizing him with a barrage of barks. \"Hold on will you, I need a break,\" Chuck finally managed to force out. Taking a moment to look towards the horizon—apparently the direction they were headed in, he sighed. It had been more than a day since he'd slept and he could feel sleep beginning to weigh heavy on his eyelids. Chuck knew he needed to stand up and continue walking—stay awake, but his body lobbed onto the rock beneath in protest. Taking one more, anxious look at the alien bloodhound, \"I hope you aren't gone when I wake up,\" he droned. In reply, the dog shot him a lopsided grin. Disturbed by the gesture, Chuck decided he'd better take it for what it's worth and prepared to drift off to sleep. Morning came earlier than expected and Chuck woke up feeling worse off than before he had attempted to rest up. To his surprise, the mutant dog was lying at his feet motionless. The sight spurred warm feelings to say the least. Sitting up, he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked towards the sunrise—they needed to move fast, it was never a good idea to be stranded in a desert during high noon no matter what the planet. Throwing his numbed legs over the side of the crimson rock, Chuck leaned over to shake his partner awake. The pup sprang to life with a flurry of lashing tongue and high pitched yapping. Immediately Chuck regretted having done so. He swallowed a sigh and waited patiently for the 'thing' to work its way back on course. As far as Chuck could tell, he and his little buddy had been walking for what looked to be like another day or so since his last bit of slumber and he could feel his mussels straining with the weight of his space suit. Still, it was dark out and as good a time to be hiking back to civilization as ever. It wasn't the thought that was the motivator as much as it was the lights in the distance. They'd reached town, it wasn't Lem's town seeing as this place was smack dab in the middle of nowhere, but it could be a place to freshen up and hopefully hijack a car—flying car…mobile. Whatever. After a few more hours of dragging their feet and they'd made it to the town's boarder. There was an abandoned fuel station at the mouth of the settlement. The place itself looked to be much smaller than the city from which Lem came, however big that village had been. To be continued…R&R; ","Summary":" Plot Bunnies! Well not really, I just had this itch to write, so out came this! Due in part mostly "},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Alien Chuck","Author":"NeverLander852","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12250324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alien Chuck A Planet 51 AU fic. What if Kipple injected Chuck with a serum that slowly turned him into an alien from Planet 51? Slight nudity. [I do not, & never will, own Planet 51.] Sometimes, fate can always change in ways we never imagine, and then some. But, being stripped naked, and being strapped to a lab table was not the way Charles 'Chuck' T. Baker, an astronaut, wanted to spend his time before he left Planet 51. \"I can't believe you're doing this!\" Chuck snapped to General Grawl, the owner of Base 9. \"This is... well... it's preposterous!\" General Grawl sighed as he stared at Chuck. \"Have you not learnt anything at all?\" he asked. Chuck looked at Grawl. \"In my youth, I have learnt that there's a difference between right and wrong.\" he said bluntly. Grawl stared at Chuck indignantly. \"That's quite true, but to us, it's only the start of what is called 'conflict' in your universe. But that can all be solved with science; science far beyond yours.\" \"Huh?\" Chuck said, confused. \"You see,\" General Grawl said to Chuck, \"the universe is not as black & white as you somehow seem to think. You can do the wrong things for the right reasons.\" \"What?\" Chuck said, confused. \"It's simple.\" Grawl said. \"In that astronaut costume you were in when you arrived, we instantly guessed you were an alien. But when we saw what you really were in that costume, it just seemed you were... different. But we also planned to change all that.\" How?\" Chuck asked. \"Kipple designed a fluid mixed with some of our DNA; made to turn your species into ours. We tried it on a guy like you some years back; a guy called Nick Armstrong, one of the first people to find our planet.\" On those words, Chuck realized something. \"Yeah, I'd heard of him since I was a kid. He was the grandson of a famous astronaut who disappeared without a trace. And that's what inspired me to be an astronaut.\" Grawl stared, and then grinned. \"You've got brains, I'll give you that. Brains that I want. And very soon, the citizens will believe you're not the alien that's come to wreak destruction on our planet. They will believe you...\" Grawl paused impressively. \"...are one of us .\" \"But would the citizens of this world even believe I'm one of them?\" Chuck asked. \"Of course not.\" Grawl said. \"Well, not yet , anyway.\" Chuck was confused. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Grawl grinned. \"You will find out soon enough.\" he said as he left. This left Chuck more puzzled than ever. Kipple walked up with a needle shot full of the aforementioned green fluid. Professor Kipple bravely went up, and reaching under the tarpaulin that covered the naked astronaut's body, positioned the needle with the green fluid on Chuck's side, just above his butt. \"This is stupid.\" Chuck said. \"Don't think of it like that.\" Kipple said, \"Technically, you're doing our planet a favour.\" Kipple injected Chuck with the green transmutation fluid. Chuck winced, and his toes curled. There was a short slience for a minute or two. then... Nothing. \"Ah well,\" Kipple said, \"Time for Plan B.\" as he prepared the tools for the removal of Chuck's brain... On EARTH, 24 HOURS or so LATER... \"Mr Chuck Baker? 1 hour till you're on.\" a manager said from outside Chuck's dressing room back on Earth. Chuck Baker called, \"I'll be ready soon.\" He was in the shower. As soon as he'd finished, he started getting dry, so he could get dressed. It was then, he started to feel funny, and his head began to spin. Then, he saw his belly button. It got smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller till... POOF! it vanished! Chuck's eyes widened. Then, his nipples began to shrink too. They got smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller till... POOF! They vanished too! Then, he saw his penis, and thought about what Skiff said upon seeing it. \"That's a strange place for his antenna.\" Only now, his 'antenna' was shrinking! SUDDENLY, it disappeared. He saw a small spot, a spot in the colour of the skin of Lem and the other Planet 51 inhabitants, appear on the spot where his bellybutton used to be. Slowly, but surely, it started to grow, tinting his skin. Soon, his body had turned completely green. His feet and hands were next to change; they changed into the style of the aliens from Planet 51. Finally, Chuck gained the Planet 51 inhabitants' antenna on his head. Removing the towel, Chuck stared at his full naked splendour in the dressing room mirror. He looked exactly like a Planet 51 alien, with the head shape of his normal human head. Chuck shut his eyes, and willed himself to be normal again. Within seconds, he was back to his normal, naked, human self. \"30 seconds to showtime, Mr Baker.\" the manager said. Almost immediately, Chuck dressed and made it just in time to the announcement. Sometime later, he came back to his dressing room, and grinned at his reflection; Which had green skin and antennae on his head. \"Looking good.\" he said to his reflection. Who would have ever thought that Charles 'Chuck' T. Baker could be part human, part alien? Cool, isn't it, imagining Chuck Baker becoming an alien after his trip to Planet 51. Imagine if that happened in the film! READ & REVIEW! ","Summary":" Alien Chuck A Planet 51 AU fic. What if Kipple injected Chuck with a serum that slowly turned him i"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Opposing Forces","Author":"Silver Azure","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6180259","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Now those who have seen Planet 51, all know Glar as the hippie, the peace loving protester but what if there was someone to challenge him? A warmonger shall I say? It was during the so called Alien Crisis when Chuck landed on Planet 51, outside were Glar and Neera who were protesting, now until Glar explained Neera didn't know what protesting was. Now we cut to our other protagonist by the name of Dax who is the opposite of Glar, Dax is a warmonger with a thirst for blood and has no sympathy for those who do wrong. Dax and Glar…hate each other because they see different political views, Glar protests when he thinks things are wrong but Dax on the other hand takes what's given to him. Back to our story though, Dax walked by with a couple of his friends and noticed the protesting…which gave him an idea for mischief; \"GET A JOB, HIPPIES!\" exclaimed Dax This really got on the protesters nerves, especially Glar's, not so much Neera's though because she wasn't a hippie so what Dax exclaimed really didn't faze her. \"WARMONGER!\" exclaimed a protester \"JERK!\" exclaimed another \"REPUBLICAN!\" exclaimed yet another \"AND PROUD OF IT!\" exclaimed Dax This really had gotten on Glar's nerves but like said before he's pretty much a lover not a fighter \"People please, if we'd want to see things from his point of view we would have to close our minds and dumb down our vocabulary a bit\" joked Glar and everyone began to laugh with him as Dax and friends walked away in disgust at them. [THE NEXT DAY] In History class they were discussing current events; Dax was in the back of the classroom while Glar sat next to Neera who sat next to Lem. Their teacher had brought in a newspaper and began to read aloud the headline; \"Hmm…Army plans to build nuke to blow up Alien Planet\" read the teacher aloud \"That's cruel!\" exclaimed Glar Hearing that made Dax cross \"Cruel? That thing is for your protection pal!\" exclaimed Dax Neera and Lem just shook their heads in disgust at the boys' childish actions \" Here they go again\" Neera thought to herself \"Protection? You think it's for protection? That thing will kill many innocents!\" exclaimed Glar \"That's a good thing, who knows if they're training aliens to come and attack us? Better we hit them before they hit us!\" exclaimed Dax in retaliation Lem didn't mention the fact that he was hiding Chuck (the so called Alien ) in his room, because he really didn't want that kind of attention. Finally Neera got fed up with them; \"OH WILL YOU BOTH JUST SHUT UP?\" she yelled \"I agree with Neera, if you boys wanna fight take it outside but in class I will not have any outbursts or shenanigans! Detention, both of you after school!\" exclaimed the teacher who was very angry at them \"Way to go REPUBLICAN! \" exclaimed Glar \"Shut it Hippie!\" exclaimed Dax Lem and Neera yes were both their friends but hated to see them arguing because of their difference in political views. [TIME FOR DETENTION] Dax and Glar were pretty much the only two in detention, they were in the room that they're normally in for Math class but after school it's the detention room and watching them was their history teacher. \"Alright boys, let's settle this\" he said \"Well this…this…WARMONGER thinks we should nuke another planet!\" exclaimed Glar in disgust \"For our protection, beatnik!\" exclaimed Dax \"Innocent women and children will die, idiot!\" exclaimed Glar The teacher just sat back and decided the best course of action was to let the two vent their race verbally, if it goes physical security will be called. \"Like I said before how do we know they're not running some intergalactic boot camp or something?\" exclaimed Dax \"It's people like you that make me protest!\" exclaimed Glar \"What the heck do you peace freaks want anyways?\" exclaimed Dax \"We DON'T want this planet fighting in an immoral war!\" exclaimed Glar \"Well if y'all don't like ya can lump it, take up the street and dump it\" replied Dax \"Oh, so what you're saying is Planet 51 love it or leave it?\" exclaimed a disgusted Glar \"That's right, it's a free planet so am-scray!\" exclaimed Dax \"Well then that would include me too!\" exclaimed Glar \"Well then toodely ooh to you too!\" taunted Dax After an hour of bickering, detention was finally over and their teacher had sighed a big sigh of relief but Dax and Glar weren't done arguing yet. They even argued outside of the building in front of Lem and Neera; \"Listen Glar if you wanna nitpick\" said Dax before Glar cut him off \"What nitpicking?\" exclaimed Glar Finally Lem and Neera got fed up with Dax and Glar's constant arguing \"Alright you two if you're gonna keep arguing, then we shouldn't hang out anymore!\" exclaimed Lem \"Yeah, call us when you've act like adults!\" exclaimed Neera in agreement With that being said, Lem and Neera walked off together in a huff, but that still didn't stop Dax and Glar from bickering. \"Way to go hippie!\" exclaimed Dax \"ME? You're the one who started!\" exclaimed Glar The two bickered like little children as they both walked home, both in their own minds thinking that they were right. (A/N) Hope you liked my first Planet 51 fic, the only characters I own are Dax and the history teacher that's it! So I hope you R&R;! ","Summary":" Now those who have seen Planet 51, all know Glar as the hippie, the peace loving protester but what"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Fear The Opposite","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9865445","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fear The Opposite Humans fear aliens of any kind Just like the aliens fear any human life forms that step foot on their land Now they must work together despite their fears To get the human back home where he belongs ","Summary":" Fear The Opposite Humans fear aliens of any kind Just like the aliens fear any human life forms tha"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Country Ants","Author":"Wilona Riva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7589680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Country Ants By: Wilona Riva Disclaimer: I do not own Planet 51. Did you know we live in a universe 500 miles wide and that it has over 1,000 stars? \"I am never going to look at aliens the same way ever again!\" Eckle yelled, punching the air with his arm. \"One day, I'm going to travel to Chuck's planet and scare them silly.\" A hand tapped him on the shoulder. Eckle looked up to see the reporter and grinned. \"My turn to tell a story?\" \"Yep,\" the reporter grinned back. \"If you want to.\" \"If? No way! You betcha I wanna!\" Eckle cried, grabbing for the mike. \"Okay, kid, okay. Tell us what you saw up there,\" the reporter laughed handing him the mike. Eckle fixed his cap and with a twinkle in his eye, pointed upwards at the starry sky. \"The people look like little country ants scurrying to and fro. The fields and mountains, even the city, look like a glowing patchwork quilt of light. But the most amazing thing is our planet: it's big and purple and did you know it even has rings?\" \"What are the rings made of?\" the reporter asked. \"Onions and rocks,\" came the glib reply. \"Explains the rock storms,\" came a muffled grumble from the back of the crowd, \"though why we don't have ketchup rivers, I have no clue.\" \"Probably don't have rivers up there,\" someone else answered back. \"Ask Lem,\" Eckle heard his older sister murmur. \"Yeah, ask Lem,\" he volunteered his neighbor. \"Lem knows everything.\" ","Summary":" Country Ants By: Wilona Riva Disclaimer: I do not own Planet 51. Did you know we live in a universe"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"A Date in Planet 51","Author":"Animation Universe 2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5580477","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I saw 'Planet 51' again and this time, I'm coming with a fanfic for it. Hope you guys like it! A Date in Planet 51 by: Terrell James A week has passed by since the events had occured in Glipforg happened with the 'alien' invasion occured. Everything has changed a little, but it has remained the same ever since. It's a Friday afternoon in Glipforg High School and Lem has been walking around the halls, just passing through everyone, trying not to get noticed, until... \"Hey, Lem!\" In comes Skiff coming behind him. Lem turns around and sees Skiff coming in and he caught up with him. Lem sighs silently and said, \"Hey, Skiff.\" \"Remember when I said I was right about Base 9?\" \"Do we have to go through this again? I already believed that there's an actual Base 9, when he tried to get Chuck back to his flying saucer.\" \"I know. I just like bragging it for guilty pleasure.\" Lem rolled his eyes and said, \"So, what's up?\" \"Are you ever gonna ask Neera out?\" \"I-I'm pretty confident that I would ask her out. I'm just hoping that she won't reject me for some reason.\" Skiff scoffs and said, \"After I saw you two kissing in the spaceship, there's gonna be a spark between both of you.\" \"She kissed me. Besides, it was pretty good for a while, though, wasn't it?\" \"Aha! So you did like it.\" \"That's so not true. It's like the first kiss I've ever gotten. Besides, I'm sure we're just friends.\" \"Yeah, sure. 'Oh, Neera. Kiss me. Kiss me now, while I embrace everything that's beautiful about you.'\" Then, Skiff made some kissing noises and laughs goofily. Lem sighs and rolled his eyes and said, \"So funny I forgot to laugh.\" \"Come on. You two are meant to be together.\" \"Give me a break, Skiff. I think you've been reading comics too much.\" \"I never get tired of comic books.\" \"Yeah, sure. Later!\" Skiff walked away and snickered softly, thinking that Lem and Neera are meant to be together. Lem scoffed and rolled his eyes and opened his locker to put his books in there and while he was doing that, he felt a small tap on his shoulder. He turned around and saw Neera standing there. He laughed nerously and said, \"Hi, Neera.\" \"Hey, Lem. How's it going?\" \"Uh....g-going fine. How about you?\" \"The same.\" Lem was pretty nervous about asking Neera out and then, he looked at her in the eyes and said, \"So, Neera...if you're not doing anything this Friday....maybe you and I could....\" \"Go out on a date together?\" asked Neera. \"Can you?\" Neera smiled at him and said, \"Sure. How about tonight?' \"Tonight sounds good, I mean it is Friday after all.\" \"I'm looking forward to it.\" \"Pick you up at 6:00?\" \"Sounds great. See you tonight.\" \"Y-You too.\" \"Bye, Lem.\" Lem giggled nervously and said, with his voice squeaked, \"Bye, Neera.\" She giggled as she walked away and waved bye to Lem. He waved her back and then, kept staring at her, smiling and then, laid his head on his locker, sighing. \"Cupid's arrow has finally shot down on you.\" Lem opened his eyes and saw Skiff standing next to him, totally surprised that he's standing near him. He looked at him and asked, \"What does that supposed to mean?\" \"I saw you asking Neera out. You lucky kid, you.\" \"It was a good gesture since that adventure happened. After that, I just wanted a normal life, hoping to date the girl of my dreams.\" Skiff chuckled and said, \"Okay, then. I bet the second kiss will be a good as the first.\" \"Skiff, come on!\" \"It's true, though.\" A few hours later, it was 5:00 in the afternoon and Lem was getting ready for his date with Neera. He took a shower, brushed his teeth, combed his hair and also wore the same outfit he wore before and then, he looked at himself in the mirror, looking sharp and ready to go out. He sighed softly and got himself ready for this date. He came out of the bathroom and went downstairs to head over to Neera's place when his mom came in and said, \"My son is getting ready for his date.\" \"Mom....\" \"Oh, you look so handsome. Don't you need a bow tie to go along with that?\" \"Mom, I don't need a bow tie. I'm good.\" \"You sure?\" \"Of course.\" \"Hold on, let me wipe something off your face.\" His mom licked her finger and tried to wipe Lem's face, and he groaned of embarassment. He said, \"Okay, I'm good.\" \"I was just trying to make you look good for your first date.\" \"I can't believe my son is actually going on a date. Where you going?\" \"Well, I was thinking of going to the bowling alley and a movie or something like that.\" \"Need some money, son?\" \"I guess.\" His dad took out his wallet and gave Lem a few bucks, plus half of the money he has on his job at Glipforg Observatory and said, \"Thanks. See you guys later.\" \"Don't stay out too late.\" \"Okay, bye.\" Lem sighs and then, went next door towards Neera's place, knocked on the door, hoping that it's her coming through the door. The door opened and he looks down and sees Eckle there. He said, \"Hey, Lem.\" \"Hey, Eckle. Where's your sister?\" asked Lem. \"I'll let her know you're here.\" Eckle went upstairs to get Neera and then, her mom came in the door and said, \"Hello, there.\" \"Hi.\" \"You must be Lem, right?\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" Then, Neera came downstairs and saw Lem in the living room. He asked, \"You ready?\" \"Of course.\" \"What time would you want her back? I'll make sure she gets home on time and back safely.\" \"I'm not worried. I mean, you're very polite and all, so at least for tonight, she can be a little late.\" Neera smiled and said, \"Thanks. Bye, mom.\" \"Nice to meet you.\" Lem said. The two walked out of the door and then, went to Lem's car where she sat in the front while Lem was driving. She looked at him and asked, \"So, where are we going?\" \"Maybe see a movie, a bite to eat and a little bowling and such.\" \"Sounds great.\" They drove around Glipforg and went to the bowling alley/restaurant place and when Lem parked, he got out of the car and then, opened the front seat car door for her. She giggled and said, \"Thanks, Lem.\" \"No problem.\" They entered the restaurant and they were seated together. Later on, the waitress asked, \"What can I get for ya?\" \"We'll have a milkshake and a burger.\" \"Of course.\" \"Thanks.\" They looked at each other and started talking with each other. Neera laughed with every single of Lem's jokes and such and they were both sharing a laugh or two. Then, the waitress brought in their order and starts eating everything. \"So, how do you like it?\" \"I love it.\" \"Hope you would.\" \"This is the first date I've ever been to.\" \"Mine too. So, are you good at bowling?\" \"Pretty much.\" \"I'm hoping we can do some bowling here.\" An hour later, they went to the bowling alley and then, Lem picked up the bowling ball and bowled all the pins. \"Yeah!\" \"Great job, Lem!\" \"Thanks! Your turn!' \"Okay, but I gotta warn you. My families are pros of bowling.\" Neera got in the alley and then, bowled every single pin. Lem was surprised that Neera's good at bowling. He stands up and said, \"That was amazing.\" \"Thanks.\" They kept bowling until they left the place and then, Lem and Neera went to the movie theater. He paid for the ticket and the popcorn and they went in and saw this romantic-comedy movie together. While they were seeing the movie, they saw this scene where this guy alien and girl alien walked on the boardwalk on the sunset and embraced each other. 'How did you find me?' 'I thought it would be the first place to find you.' 'Why are trying to follow me?' \"I've had feelings for you since day one. It's like you're trying so desperately hard to avoid me, but you have feelings for me.' 'Can't you see that I'm the one who understands you? I've been here all along, so why can't you see that you belong with me?' 'I do belong with you. I just didn't have the words to say it.' 'Read my lips.' The two embraced each other and kissed other during the sunset, never letting each other go in that moment. Lem got caught up in the moment and shed one tear on his eye and Neera noticed it also. She brought in a tissue for him and asked, \"Tissue?' She gave him the tissue and wiped it from his eyes. She said, \"I'm thinking you love this movie.\" Lem chuckled and said, \"It was just something in my eye.\" \"Sure it is.\" As soon as they left the movie theater, they were talking about the movie and Neera thought that Lem got so into that moment. She looked at him and said, \"You okay?\" \"Of course.\" \"Seems as though you got into the moment.\" Lem scoffed and said, \"That was nothing.\" \"How come you picked this movie?\" \"Well, I thought you might go for something romantic and stuff instead of the 'Humaniacs' movies.\" \"My little brother pressured me to see one of the 'Humaniacs' movies one time and I kinda didn't like it at one point.\" \"I see. You want to take a little walk on the park?\" \"Sure.\" Lem drove the car over to the park and then, they stayed in the car and watched the moonlight together, with the radio on. She sighed and said, \"This is a beautiful sight.\" \"Yeah, it's like we're one of those people we saw in the movies, looking at the stars together. I guess it seems as though we just like these moments.\" \"I know.\" Lem sighed and said, \"Can I tell you something personal?\" \"Sure.\" \"To be honest, I was kinda thinking that you like Glar better than me.\" \"Well, Glar's kinda...okay, but we're not dating. He's just a friend, but the only crush I have is on you.\" \"I've been trying so hard to get your attention that I was kinda scared that you and Glar would be boyfriend and girlfriend.\" \"That would never happen. I like Glar, but as a friend. Besides, here's proof.\" Then, she leaned over to Lem and kissed him on the lips. Lem closed his eyes and had his breath taken away from it. He opened his eyes and said, \"I believe you now.\" \"It's just me and you.\" Lem chuckled and said, \"So, you having a good time?\" \"I'm having a great time when I'm with you.\" She laid her head on Lem's shoulder and he puts his arm on her shoulder and watched the moon together, listening to the radio. It was 10:35 and he drove Neera back home and they walked through her door and she said, \"I had a great time tonight.\" \"So did I. Hope we do this again.\" \"Me too. Thanks for taking me home, Lem.\" \"You're welcome.\" They both looked at each other and then, kissed other on the lips. They opened their eyes and chuckled nervously and said goodbye to each other. Neera opened the door and went inside and Lem sighs softly and went back to his house. He went inside and then, his father was the only one up and asked, \"How was your date, son?\" \"It was good, dad.\" \"Great!\" \"Well, good night.\" \"Good night.\" He went upstairs and went to his room and then, he laid down on his bed, sighing happily and said to himself, \"So far, this has been the best night of my life.\" I hope you guys like this one. Read and review, please! If many of you wants to find out who put 'Planet 51' in the movies fanfiction category, I was responsible for it. That's me. BTW, This is Animation Universe 2005, saying ,'hope ya'll likey.'! Planet 51 ROCKS! ","Summary":" I saw 'Planet 51' again and this time, I'm coming with a fanfic for it. Hope you guys like it! A Da"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Alexandra Phillips","Author":"strauberry23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8551289","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the plot of Planet 51. I hope that is clear. \"Are you sure you want to do this?\" I asked into my headset. \"Relax, babe!\" He responded, turning to face me. \"It's not like I'm gonna have to fight for my life against some aliens or something.\" \"Still, I don't want you to be compromised on this mission.\" He slowly stepped toward me until I could see the green specs in his eyes. \"Oh, so you're worried about me,\" he said with a smirk. \"No,\" I stated with finality. \"I just don't want to drag your useless body back to Kennedy. Oh wait, I have to do that anyway.\" As I pushed on his chest so there would be more distance between us, I noticed that his right-hand glove was not secured properly. I reached over to fix it. \"You're just lucky that it was me that was assigned to this mission with you. No one else would have put up with your nonsense.\" I emphasized the last word by forcing his hand down at his side. I turned to the control panel by the door, starting to put in the final codes. \"You've been saying that ever since we got on this ship,\" he said, putting his helmet on and locking it on with a hiss. \"And I will keep saying it until it sticks in that pea-sized brain of yours.\" I turned away from the door and put my helmet on as well, completing my space suit. Although it was Chuck who was staking the flag into this new planet, I still had to put on my suit as there weren't any air lock chambers in our small ship. \"Ouch, that hurts! You know what, I'm not talking to you anymore.\" He crossed his arms and turned away from me. \"Fine.\" \"Fine!\" \"Good.\" \"Good!\" \"God, you are so childish!\" I said in frustration. I reached over for the flag that was leaning on the side of the wall. I shoved it in front of his face. \"Now go do your job so we can go home.\" He snatched the pole out of my hands. \"You're not the boss of me!\" Now it was my turn to smirk. \"First of all, I am the boss of you. I'm the one who spent 4 years in the military and countless more saving your butt out of situations that you got yourself into. And second, I thought that you weren't speaking to me, Charlie. \" He had his mouth opened in protest, and promptly closed it and glared at me in hatred as I used my nickname for him. He turned away from me and motioned to the door, mumbling under his breath. I rolled my eyes and pressed the red button beside me on the wall. The hatch door opened with a hiss. Chuck took a deep breath and squared his shoulders before finally stepping down the stairs inlaid on the door. As he was marching forward, I could hear him humming to himself. I rolled my eyes as I sat down in a chair that was attached to the circular wall of the ship. I heard him get to the climax of the song when I also heard something peculiar. Something that didn't come from Chuck. Something that sounded like a rubber duck. That's not right, I thought to myself. I snapped my head toward the hatch, and was astounded at what I saw. I surveyed the situation within a matter of seconds, just as I was trained to do. But I was not trained for this kind of situation. There were houses. Houses, on a planet that was only supposed to have rocks. It looked like a regular suburban town from Earth, only the architecture was more rounded. There were also green beings with 50's clothes on staring at Chuck with wide eyes. Wait, Chuck! He was just standing there awkwardly, shifting from foot to foot. How stupid can he be? \"Don't just stand there, you idiot! RUN!\" I didn't have to tell him twice. I just wished that he had the common sense to actually run toward the ship. But no, instead he shot off like a bullet into some bushes. I growled in frustration and sprinted off after him. Why me… So, how was it? Please review, as the response I get will decide whether or not I will continue this or not. And I promise, if I do decide to continue, the chapters will be much longer. This is just a test to see of anyone will like it, has any problems with it, suggestions, etc. Review please! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the plot of Planet 51. I hope that is clear. \"Are you sure you want to do"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Missing You","Author":"Zuvios Gemini","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5696005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey guys. So here's a little fluffy fic for you peoples. :3 I'm just experimenting with this couple, so bare with me. I saw Planet 51 and, like everyone else, that one scene sparked a bunny in my brain. O.o Playlist: - In my Head by Jason Derulo - Show me what I'm looking for by Carolina Liar - Sleeping Sun by Nightwish Hahaha those songs only made the bunny bigger. xD Sorry for the long note. ENJOY!!! R&R; pwease. w It had hardly been two weeks since Chuck had gone back to his home planet, and Lem found it hard not to think and wonder. Did he get home? Were there people waiting for him? Did he miss Rover? Or Skiff? Or Neera? … Did he miss him?... Every day, that same question would pop into Lem's head, and he would angrily shove it away. It didn't matter if Chuck missed him or not. He wasn't coming back. Sighing, Lem resumed mopping the planetarium floors. Although he had been fired after Chuck's arrival, they gave him his job back. They were still considering giving him a better job, instead of the janitor, but for now, he just cleaned. He chuckled as he mopped over a familiar mark in the floor. As much as he had tried to buff it out, there was still a noticeable mark from when the astronaut had knocked down the huge mobile that hung over the main hall. That was the first day they had met. His smile faded. Lem picked up the bucket of water and moved to a new spot. \"Aww, who am I kidding. I miss him.\" He groaned, frustrated. \"Miss who?\" Lem jumped and nearly knocked over the water bucket. Skiff stood in the doorway, careful not to tread on the newly-cleaned floor. Lem sighed again and went back to cleaning. Since Lem didn't answer, Skiff repeated himself. \"You miss who?\" He watched as Lem's steady strokes slowed to a stop. He sighed once again and leaned on the mop. \"No one, Skiff.\" He mumbled. Skiff made a face and stepped carefully onto the main floor, Rover following at his heels. \"Why won't you tell me?\" Lem shrugged and put the mop down. He took out a rag and some cleaning fluid and began to clean the counters. Skiff and Rover watched silently for a moment or two before Skiff spoke again. \"C'mon, you can tell--\" He stopped abruptly when Lem threw the rag in his hand on the counter. \"I don't want to talk, Skiff.\" Lem said through clenched teeth. He picked up the rag and bottle and brushed past Skiff. He proceeded to clean some of the exhibits. Skiff looked down at Rover and shrugged, who in turn attempted to do the same. Skiff decided he should just stop talking, since it only seemed to be making Lem upset. He sat down on a nearby bench and observed his friend. He watched as Lem took out his frustration on the exhibits, viciously scrubbing them over and over, even when they were virtually spotless. The way Lem's face was pinched up in a mixture of anger and hurt worried Skiff. He patted Rover's head after he felt the gentle nudge on his leg. \"He'll be okay.\" He said just loud enough for Rover to pick up. \"I hope…\" He added. \"I'll be alright.\" Okaaay so maybe he had heard him. \"Really.\" Lem added quietly as he struggled with a particularly stubborn spot in the scale model of Traxon 5, a neighboring star. Skiff shook his head. He had known Lem almost his whole life. He and Lem knew everything about each other, and one thing Skiff knew the best about Lem was that he was never good at expressing his feelings. Lem and Neera had finally gotten together after Lem had been watching her for what seemed like forever. That was proof enough for Skiff that he was right. But Skiff was pretty sure it wasn't Neera that was causing Lem to act like this. Skiff wasn't just going to sit there and let Lem suffer, so he tried another tactic. \"Sooo. How are you and Neera doing?\" He asked cautiously. He noticed Lem's step falter as he was moving to a new model. \"Fine.\" Lem answered shortly. He shrugged along with his answer, trying to act nonchalant. Skiff raised an eye ridge and stood. He waited until Lem picked up the mop and began to clean the floors again. He pressed on. \"Talked to the Professor lately?\" Skiff asked. \"No.\" Lem threw over his shoulder. \"Oh okay.\" Skiff turned and looked out the large window. Lem stopped mopping and looked at Skiff. \"Why?\" He inquired. \"Oh nothing. Just trying to, you know, start a conversation.\" Skiff answered, carefully keeping his face emotionless. Lem gave Skiff a weird look, but went back to mopping the already clean floor. \"Just thought maybe you wanted to know that they might have spotted a spaceship in the atmosphere today.\" Skiff baited. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Lem stopped completely, almost frozen mid-step. Lem tried to keep the interest out of his voice. \"Oh really.\" Knowing he had caught Lem's attention, Skiff fought the urge to smile as he answered. \"Yea. They haven't leased anything to the public yet, I was able to get some stuff out of the Professor today.\" Lem nodded. \"That's. that's cool.\" He struggled to keep his tone uninterested. Skiff was growing impatient. \"Yep. Top-secret government info.\" He paused momentarily before continuing slowly. \"You, uhh. You wanna know?\" Lem shrugged. \"If you want to tell me, sure.\" He jumped for the second time that day when Skiff whirled around and began yelling. \"Oh come ON, Lem! You're bad at showing your feelings, but you're just downright HORRIBLE at hiding them!\" Lem blinked before answering suspiciously. \"And what is that supposed to mean, Skiff?\" He turned and fully faced his friend, who did what we humans would call a 'palm-forehead' and shook his head. \"Hopeless. Absolutely hopeless. You think you're the only one who sees what you do and how you act, but you're wrong.\" He lectured, his voice back to its normal volume. \"I see it, Lem. Neera sees it, Eckle sees it, heck, even ROVER sees it, and he's a robot! Even your parents see it.\" Lem's mouth was hanging slightly open. This was a side of Skiff he had never seen before. It wasn't his usual geeky, comic book-reading, paranoid-but-happy-go-lucky self. Standing in front of him was a concerned, serious, and (for all intents and purposes), more mature Skiff; not the Skiff he grew up with. It took Lem a second to realize that Skiff was talking again. \"I know you know what you look like and what you act like, but what you think you see, isn't what we see. The Lem we all know and understand is gone. He's been replaced by this moody, short-tempered stranger who can't hold a conversation, and walks around like a mind-controlled zombie from Humanics 2.\" Lem almost felt like flinching at all the accusations Skiff was throwing at him. \"I… I don't act like that…\" Lem's voice was weak and unsure. Skiff pointed a finger at Lem's chest. \"You DO, and you're worrying us.\" Lem could no longer look at Skiff, so he let his gaze drop to the floor. \"I'm worried enough as it is, but when you, my best friend, can't tell me what's bugging you, it becomes a problem.\" Skiff went on. Lem wanted to sink into the floor. Skiff's voice was softer as he spoke again. \"I'm here for you, Lem. I've always been here and I always will. So I don't get why you can't tell me what's got you so down.\" He approached Lem and gently put a hand on his shoulder. \"You can talk to me.\" He offered. Lem, who was still looking at the ground, mumbled. \"I know, Skiff.\" He turned away and wiped his arm across his face. Lem couldn't believe he was crying. Either Skiff hadn't noticed, or he was nice enough to not say anything. Lem searched for something, anything, to say to his concerned friend. \"I…\" He started. Skiff waited. \"…I miss him, Skiff…\" His shoulders slumped and he turned to face Skiff once again. Skiff saw the aquamarine tears in Lem's eyes and on his cheeks, but said nothing. \"Every day. Every waking minute. I just can't help but miss him.\" Lem shook his head and squeezed his eyes shut. A fresh trail of tears made their way down his face. He once again tried to wipe the tears away, but they seemed never-ending. Skiff was pretty sure he already knew the answer, but he asked anyways. \"Who?\" Lem walked over to the massive window and leaned his forehead on it, welcoming the cool sensation on his hot skin. \"Don't make me say it, Skiff. Please…\" His voice was barely audible as he looked down on the town of Glipforg. Lem's depressed demeanor turned suddenly malevolent as he unleashed a torrent of emotion on an unprepared Skiff. \"That idiot! He almost got us all killed! He could have landed in anyone's backyard, but he had to land in mine! He could have shown up during anyone's shift, but he had to show up during mine!\" With each violent outburst, Lem was slowly sinking to the floor. His voice sounded strained and angry. He pounded the glass with a tight fist as he continued. \"He could have been friends with anyone, but he had to become mine!\" Skiff and Rover watched helplessly as Lem began to sob in between words. \"He could have… caught anyone's attention… but he had to catch mine!\" Skiff opened his mouth to say something when he heard footsteps behind him. He turned and his jaw dropped even more than before. Lem didn't hear the approaching footsteps as he choked out another accusation. \"Of all the people on this planet, I had to be the one; the one to save him; the one to befriend him and help him; the one to…\" He stopped and wrapped his arms around his shoulders tightly. They offered little comfort from the aching pain in his chest. \"I had to be the one to fall in love with him…\" Lem barely whispered; his anger spent. He opened his eyes; he didn't realize he had closed them; and saw a tall shadow covering him. The tears still shone on his green skin as he quietly spoke. \"Skiff, I don't want you hovering over me.\" \"I'm, uhh, over here? Where you left me?\" Skiff's voice came from the doorway. \"Then how--\" Lem started to turn but stopped when he looked at the shadow again. He knew that frame. \"Wow, you're really pissed at whoever you're talking about.\" A voice spoke with a gentle chuckle. Lem could not will his body to move. He knew that deep voice. Slowly, he stood up but didn't dare turn around. He looked at his reflection in the glass and saw not only himself, but a taller alien figure standing behind him. His heart threatened to pound right out of his chest. He turned bit by bit and found himself face-to-face with a broad chest in a familiar navy blue uniform. Did he dare look up? His eyes traveled up the chest, to the broader shoulders, up the pale neck. He saw the smile he had missed so much. He gazed into the cerulean blue eyes that, in return, gazed back into his own dark green ones. He fought the urge to reach up and touch the short ginger hair that had seemed so strange to him not long ago. For a second, neither of them moved. They just looked at each other, taking in every detail that their sensory memory could hold at that moment. Skiff smiled and stepped quietly backwards and out the door with Rover not far behind. Lem finally found his voice, but it came out weak; shocked. \"How… how much did you hear?\" He looked down. \"Hmm. Enough to know you hate me.\" Lem's head snapped up at Chuck's response. There was panic in his eyes as he searched frantically for something to say. Chuck spoke before he could. \"You hate me. Because of what I did. And, I get that. I deserve it. Leaving really hurt you, even if I didn't know. I shoulda seen it before I left. Actually,\" he chuckled. \"I didn't get more than halfway home before I turned around and came back.\" Lem's mind had gone blank, and he could find no words that seemed right. All he could do was stare at the alien in front of him. His heart sped up again as Chuck gently tilted his head up with his finger. He wrapped his strong arms around Lem's waist and lifted him completely off the ground so that they were at eye level. He smiled Lem's favorite lopsided smile. \"You fell in love with me?\" Lem said nothing. He still couldn't get his voice box to function correctly. \"Did you really?\" Chuck's expression turned serious as he searched Lem's face. Lem could hold back no more. He tangled his fingers gently in Chuck's hair and pulled him closer. Chuck closed the space with a searing kiss. A surge of electric pleasure roared through Lem's body. He had never felt anything like it, not even with Neera. He closed his eyes and held the older man tight. His grip tightened as he felt Chuck's tongue enter his mouth. They explored every inch of each other's mouth. Lem pulled back. Both of them were panting for breath. Lem's green skin turned slightly red as he realized what he had just done. He also noticed he had wrapped his legs unconsciously around Chuck's waist. Chuck smiled and gave Lem a gentle peck on the lips, making Lem turn even redder. \"You never answered me. Did you mean it?\" Chuck asked quietly. Lem nodded slowly and captured Chuck's lips in his own once again. They kissed quietly for a second or two. Chuck broke the kiss with a smile. \"Glad to hear it. I only came back here for you.\" Lem's face split into a smile as he threw his arms around Chuck's neck. New tears were forming in Lem's eyes, but he didn't care. Chuck held the smaller male tight as he smiled. Lem finally managed to speak, even if it was only a whisper. A simple, breathy whisper in Chuck's ear. \"Thank you.\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hey guys. So here's a little fluffy fic for you peoples. :3 I'm just experimenting with this c"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"The Wish","Author":"SeverusPotterSnape","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5855709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Wish Summary: Lem wished on a wishing star, would his wish come true? Timeline: After the movie. 1-3 years as Lem is 18-21-years-old. Pairings: Lem/Chuck, Lem/Neera (side pairing) Disclaimer: I do not owe Planet 51! Author's note: This is my first time doing a one shot for Planet 51! NO FLAMES! Review if you want to see another one shot! (One year later) \"What's the matter with you, Lem?! I thought you and Neera were having a grand time?\" Skiff asked as he followed his friend outside as he and Lem were at their Prom Night and their last time at the high school. \"We are,\" Lem replied as he looked around and saw that it was only him and Skiff outside as they were looking onward to the parking lot. \"I don't think she's the right one for me,\" Lem began. \"What! Not the right one for you?! Have you looked at Neera? Man, if she wasn't your girlfriend, I would have taken her!\" Skiff exclaimed. \"Gee, thanks for the compliment,\" Lem said sarcastically. \"Seriously dude, what's bugging you? Is it because of our alien friend?\" Skiff asked as tomorrow would have marked the day of Chuck's arrival on their planet last year. Lem growled as Skiff have never heard him do before as Lem threw his hands up in the air in frustration. \"He only stayed in our planet for two days, Skiff! Two days! We barely know him and yet his like a best friend to us! His the one who captured my heart,\" Lem said as he had stopped pacing around and now was staring at Skiff who had wide eyes on his face. \"You do realize that his in a different planet and that he may not come back again?\" Skiff asked as he was still shock by the outburst of his friend. \"I know that,\" Lem replied as he stared up at the sky that was covered with stars, \"but one can dream, can't he?\" He whispered as he felt Skiff coming to him. \"Look man, even if Chuck does come back to our planet, how do you know if he likes men? Better yet, how would you know that he would start a relationship with someone who's an alien?\" Skiff asked gently. \"That doesn't matter, does it? I'm in love with him and that's that!\" Lem snapped as he had bolted up his emotions ever since Chuck left and had not told anyone includking Skiff and Neera until now. Skiff sighed, \"I just don't want to see you get hurt again, Lem. I wanted to punch that guy's face but you stopped me,\" he said as he remembered what happened three years ago between Lem and his ex-lover. Lem didn't answered him as his eyes widened in surprise, \"Hey, a shooting star!\" He cried. \"Make a wish!\" Skiff quickly said as he and Lem made their two wishes. \"So, what did you wish for?\" He asked with a grin. Lem smiled at him, \"If I tell you it wouldn't come true now, would it?\" He asked teasingly. Skiff was about to reply back when an interrupted voice stopped him. \"Is everything alright here?\" Neera's voice asked coming from the entrance of the high school. The two looked and saw her head poking out as she was looking at Lem with a worried look. \"Look Neera, I'm sorry about what I did in there. I shouldn't have did that,\" Lem apologized to her. \"It's alright Lem. I know you are just overprotective of me and I understand that,\" Neera said as she was getting hit by one of the guys in the gym and Lem had came to her and defended her even though Neera was handling the situation on her own. \"Hey, why don't we all go back to the party? We are all missing the fun!\" Lem exclaimed. Skiff nodded eagerly as he began walking behind him. \"Yea, I don't want my date to ditch me!\" He exclaimed as it was hard for him to get a date for the prom. The three went inside the gym as unknown to Lem, his wish would come true. (Three years later) \"No way dude! You serious?!\" A voice exclaimed as Lem was about to go inside the classroom as he heard two voices talking loudly within inside. Lem stopped outside the classroom and he put his ear against the door as he tries to listen through. \"An alien spaceship just returned again! It's that same dude from last time!\" The other voice exclaimed excitedly. Lem stood shocked against the door as if he was hearing things. Chuck came back ? Why ? He thought as he pressed his ear back to the door to listen more into the conversation that the other two occupants inside were having. \"Your just lying again Sirius! There's no alien spaceship!\" A girl's voice exclaimed. \"I swore I just saw it before I came to school! Its parked in that one backyard like last time!\" The voice belonging to the guy name Sirius exclaimed. \"Why didn't you ditch school then?\" The other voice asked. \"I'm on my third tardy in this class Draco. One more tardy and I'm dropped. I need this class for my major!\" Sirius said unhappily. There was a tap on Lem's shoulder as Lem turned around slowly and saw Skiff standing behind him. \"Any chance of moving aside Lem?\" Skiff asked with a smile. \"Sorry about that Skiff. This guy name Sirius saw an alient spaceship. Is it true?\" Lem asked. Skiff shrugged, \"That's what everyone's talking about today. I haven't seen it myself concerning that I've been in school the whole day,\" he said as he and Lem had classes from 7-3pm and it was barely 1:30pm. The two friends had only one class together and that was their last class of the day during Monday and Wednesday's. \"You should skip this class man. You have the perfect attendence and you haven't missed a single homework or assessment. What's the harm to that?\" Skiff asked as he recieved a death glare from Lem. \"You know full well that I do not miss any of my classes! I need to show up in this class for that paper review editing that we are having today. I barely passed the last paper that we had,\" Lem said with a grim face. \"Suit yourself,\" Skiff said with another shrug and the two friends went inside before they really get late. (After school) Lem heavily sighed as soon as he was home. It was now spring break and the paper wasn't due within two weeks when he comes back to school. He missed his folks and he wanted to see for himself if it was true. However, once he arrived home, there was no alien spaceship in his backyard and when he drove home, everyone around him was talking about the alien spaceship and Chuck everytime he stopped at a stop light. \"Mom, dad, I'm home!\" He called out inside as he carried a duffle bag within one hand and a backpack over his shoulder. He had brought home some dirty laundry to do and the homework that he had to do that was due once he gets back to school. He was still working part time as a janitor inside the astronomy building and hopefully that his boss wouldn't let him work overtime since he has much homework then Skiff. \"Mom, dad! Are you home?\" He called out as he didn't recieved a reply, he frowned at the silence as he begun to worry about his parents disappearance and without leaving a note. Lem went upstairs to find any evidence if his parents had left a note or something. He dragged his stuff upstairs and entered his room as he froze at the sight. Right there in the middle of the room was Chuck! Clearly it was Chuck who was zoned out into watching television. Chuck felt someone watching him as he turned and saw Lem frozen at the spot in front of his entrance doorway. \"It's about time you get back,\" he said unhappily, \"I've been waiting for someone to come home,\" he complained. Lem couldn't help it as he saw Chuck begun to stand up from where he sat on the couch. \"Don't get up,\" Lem ordered. Chuck looked at him surprised but complied anyway, \"What's going on with you?\" He asked. Lem didn't answer and Chuck didn't notice what was going on as he felt warm lips against his. Chuck was indeed surprised by this action but he didn't pull away, instead, he kissed back and he begun to be the dominated one during the kiss. The two kiss uncontrollably and had to spring apart when they heard the entrance door of the home open and shut. Lem looked at Chuck who was staring back right at him. His lips was bruised and his hair was ruffled and a mess. He must have looked the same to Chuck. \"Honey, you better go wash up before you continue your conversation with Chuck. We'll be having dinner soon,\" his mom voice said from the doorway. Lem nodded as he didn't want to look at his mother and for his mother to find out that he has bruise lips like Chuck. \"I'm starved,\" Chuck announced as Lem didn't see it but his mother beamed as she was still standing at the doorway, \"let me go help you with dinner so that Lem could have the room to himself,\" he said as he stood up and stretched. \"That would be wonderful Chuck. I'll meet you downstairs,\" Lem's mother said as Lem heard footsteps and Lem knew that she had left. \"Your mother is a sweet person,\" Chuck said as he thought of his mother who had died when he was a teen. He smiled to himself as he looked at Lem who was still sitting on the ground and staring straight up at him. \"Just so you know, I came back here because my life here is with you, Lem. That kiss isn't a one-time thing and I hope to have more of it,\" he grinned seductively. He gave a pat on Lem's shoulder before leaving the room and closing the door behind him. Lem smiled to himself as he stood up and he began walking to the bathroom that was nearby. He chuckled to himself as he thought of how Skiff would react tomorrow if he told him the news and what had happened today. This is the start of a new relationship, he thought happily as he couldn't wait to finish his shower so that he could join Chuck downstairs for dinner. End. me: I'm thinking of doing a one shot now again about the aftermath of the next day, what do you guys think? Chuck: What? No Rover? me: Haha... If I do to the next one shot, I may put Rover in. Lem: When will it be up? me: I just started thinking about it! Perhaps this weekend, may be? If I have time writing it this week that is. Skiff: I wonder what it is about. Neera: What happened to me? me: Er, you will be mentioned in the next one shot if I do make one. Draco: We'll be onto the next story soon. Sirius: Review and update. ","Summary":" Title: The Wish Summary: Lem wished on a wishing star, would his wish come true? Timeline: After th"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Blastoff","Author":"Chemichal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7000398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When he was five years old, Charles T. Baker received his first toy spaceship. He was fascinated with the idea of new worlds, and the concept that a handy rocket like the miniature one he held in his tiny fingers could take him there. He spent hours at a time running it through the house—his personal universe, making blastoff noises through grinning lips. Each room in the house was a designated planet, and the possibilities were endless. When he was eight years old, he entered a box car race, and set to hard, sweaty work with his father, modeling his car after a spaceship. He spent careful time painting the red stripe on the side, and the American flag. The day of the race, he made third place. He was upset, but he vowed he would do better next year. When Chuck was ten, he watched a movie about aliens with his mother. \"Mom, wouldn't it be so cool to meet an alien?\" he exclaimed, as the credits began to roll. \"I bet it would, sweetie.\" His mother smiled warmly. \"I will one day.\" He nodded sincerely. \"And I'll take some pictures and send them to you.\" By the time he was thirteen, he had tons of books on anything having to do with space. From books about how spaceships were made, to the constellations in the sky, he had them all. When he turned fifteen, his parents decided he was old enough to have his own telescope. From the first time he peeked through the lens, Chuck knew that one day, he wanted to travel into the vast unknown. Night to night, he would lie on his back, and stare into the billion twinkling eyes of his one true love—space. A short lil' drabble that was originally the introduction to another fanfiction I was working on…didn't turn out that way. I feel bad for posting something so short, actually haha… Well I hope it brought a smile to your face! I love the mental image of little Chuck blasting off through his house :) ","Summary":" When he was five years old, Charles T. Baker received his first toy spaceship. He was fascinated wi"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Protocol 56C","Author":"Nan00k","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5574618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Protocol 56-C By Nan00k A/Ns : I BLAME MY SISTER ENTIRELY I SHOULD BE WORKING ON MY OTHER STORIES BUT MY SISTER BROUGHT UP LEM/CHUCK AND I WAS LIKE SHIT THAT'S AWESOME AND I COULDN'T HELP MYSELF -is shot- Apologies all around, y'all. I do agree that this fandom needs more fics…namely more of this pairing, but that's just me. ;3 I don't normally do one-shots, so I'm sorry if it's a little…awkward. Warnings : minor foul language, slash (no more than wishful thinking, however), a minor in love? Disclaimer : I own nothing you'll find here. . Life has a funny way of turning things around on you. It is even funnier when it happens to someone else and suddenly, everyone is left hanging without a clue. As much as he knows he should feel bad for his friend and the situation, Lem can't make himself feel all that upset. No more than half an hour after Chuck left, the self-proclaimed \"astronaut\" comes back down. Turning that capsule around was probably difficult, but what's harder is coming down its solid steel steps and staring back at the wide-eyed crowd with a look of anger, shock and bewilderment. \"Kennedy told me to stop the ship,\" he says when Lem and the others approach him in confusion. Chuck looks as numb and shocked as Lem feels. \"They…told me to stay. To follow protocols.\" Protocol 56-C explicitly stated that when having encountered an intelligent alien species of unknown origin, any space travelers were to remain where they are. To leave for Earth, no matter if the species in question is docile or violent, was a danger that the rest of the Earthling species would not tolerate. To protect themselves, there could be no chance that the astronauts would lead the intelligent aliens back to earth. So, in short, Chuck cannot go home, at least, not until another mission was made for the Planet. No offense to Chuck or his home, but this Kennedy fellow seems like an ass. Lem is grateful that the whole alien-induced-panic is over, otherwise he couldn't imagine the military or townsfolk to approach the matter the way they do. Grawl understands the purpose of the protocol, almost too well. He commends Chuck as a \"true astronaut,\" though Lem doubts he knows what that really is. Grawl says he has to talk to his own command, but for now, Chuck could stay in the town. Chuck doesn't say much but a quiet, \"Thanks.\" Everyone is talking and whispering at once, but Lem doesn't really hear anything else. Chuck looks out at nothing with a look of bitterness, and if Lem could guess, fear. He is probably too proud to admit to any of those feelings, even as Grawl and the other adults tried to figure out what to do with him. All Lem can do is reach up and pat the taller creature on the back with a neutral face. He doesn't dare say anything or do anything else. Inside his chest, shame burns brightly, because no matter how much Chuck would curse or rant or cry, Lem really, really can't feel upset over this turn of events. If Chuck ever found out what Lem actually felt…Lem really doesn't want to know what his dear friend would say. So, instead of giving him kind words, Lem sets about trying to help his friend figure out the next best step. & & & Housing Lem's mother doesn't easily accept strange things, but she warms up to Chuck pretty fast. The military offers to take the stranded human in, but Lem's mom downright refuses to let the \"poor thing\" go anywhere but their house. Lem immediately vouches for the arrangement as well; he had spent the last week trying to keep Chuck away from the military. The idea of letting the man go anywhere with them doesn't sit well with any of them, really. Chuck politely refuses at first. He points out he'd already taken up a lot of their time and he had no idea how long this situation would last. It could take years for \"Kennedy\" to send another mission out, if they were going to, that is. At the word \"years,\" Lem's heart speeds up behind his knee. Chuck would be around for that long…? He nearly jumps up in excitement when his mother suggests that they share a room; Chuck at first declines. It'd be too small for the two of them and there was no way he is going to survive another night on the couch. But Lem's mother will hear none of it. They get a second bed and somehow fit it in Lem's room. It is ultimately up to him, everyone but Lem tells Chuck as a comfort. He is welcome anywhere he'd like to go, but Chuck just smiles and says he'd stay there. \"Might as well stay with friends,\" he tells the leery government officials who stop by every other hour in the beginning. He claps Lem's shoulder and Lem bites his lip and looks away. Chuck humors the idea of just staying in the capsule, still parked on their lawn, but the town authorities are less than enthused with the idea of the craft remaining so visibly in a residential area. It's moved out of the town's limits, after Chuck gathers all his necessary equipment from it, and he watches it be carried off with a bittersweet look that makes Lem feel guilty again. Chuck is tall for the house, but he says he'll get used to it—for however long he's going to stay, he adds quickly. Lem shows him the entire house and the two finally get a chance to catch their breath. Chuck just sits in the kitchen downstairs and stares out at nothing again. Lem just sits there and watches. Saying anything felt like the wrong thing to do. When everything quiets down and both get into their individual beds, Lem listens. Chuck takes deep breaths and lays awake for a while. Lem falls asleep after him, the sound of the human breathing a slow, hypnotic sound. He feels guilty when they get up and Chuck looks terrible and tired—but Lem never felt so rested. After a few weeks, Chuck becomes less restless at night, but Lem still listens to his breathing. And every once in a while, Lem wonders what it would be like to lay his head on the human chest to hear the breathing even closer and louder—and he quickly squashes the thought. & & & Food Professor Kipple shows up the day after Chuck announced his semi-permanent residence. He offers his \"scientific support.\" Chuck promptly refuses the offer and Lem couldn't agree more. They tell both Kipple and Grawl to essentially back off. But Kipple raises a good point about the future: how do they take care of an alien? \"I need to figure out how to survive here,\" Chuck admits as they crowd around the living room. \"I don't have a limitless amount of food, you know.\" It will not be an easy transition, warns Kipple. Chuck believes him and Lem reluctantly does as well. So they experiment. Their water doesn't kill him, at least not right away, but Chuck is less than pleased with their floating food. Lem can't imagine what kind of food doesn't not float; Earth must be a strange place indeed. They have to be careful trying the food, regardless. Chuck is afraid of an allergic reaction and Kipple supports that concern, which makes Lem afraid. But after two days of \"candy bars,\" Chuck is willing to try. Samples of basic foods go down without a problem. Chuck can't stand the taste, though, but he suffers in silence after awhile. They experiment, then wait a little, hesitating for signs of illness or reaction. Nothing happens as they try variety of different local samples. When Chuck suddenly starts to choke after eating a piece of fruit, however, Lem freezes up with fear. He runs for water while Skiff pounds on Chuck's back. Everyone enters a frantic state, and for a moment, Lem can barely think. But after a terrifying moment, Chuck inhales loudly and coughs, alive. He starts to laugh. Lem wants to smack him for doing so, but Chuck manages to tell them that he simply choked on a too-big piece. Lem offered to cut up the food next time, but Chuck just laughs and lays his hand on Lem's head, thanking him, but he could manage. When his strangely pale hands rub against his antennae, Lem feels his heart pick up again and he rushes off to get something else for Chuck to try, too jittery to stand there any longer. & & & Job Lem has to go to school eventually and Chuck tells him its okay. Lem feels a little bad leaving the poor alien alone at home, but Chuck says he likes being alone sometimes. He doesn't venture outside very often alone, though. Curious eyes could be burdensome and Lem couldn't agree more. But as much as Chuck came off as an un-academic, Chuck assures Lem that to be an astronaut, you had to be trained. Chuck is a physicist, or at least he had been. He knows a lot about space, way more than Lem does. When Chuck begins to complain about lounging around the house in boredom while Lem was at school several weeks later, Lem thinks of a solution. The curator at the planetarium is not happy about having the alien around, but it becomes clear that Chuck has a lot to offer the institute. Lem feels safe leaving his friend at his work during the week, even though Chuck and the curator would get into more arguments than scholarly debates when discussing the origins and actual magnitude of the universe. It is fun to listen in, anyway. Lem enjoys hearing Chuck talk about the depth of space, of Earth and all that Earth scientists have already discovered. The universe is expanding. It is trillions and trillions of miles across and there are countless galaxies and solar systems. Black holes, asteroid belts, super novas, light speed—it's all complex and alien, but fascinating nevertheless. When Chuck explains to him, or to the curator, or to the numerous new crowds of visitors dying to see the alien in person, Lem feels like he can be a part of that strange world of space. Chuck brings a lot of new visitors to the planetarium with his lectures and talks, but its at home, in the security of their own room, where Lem likes listening to Chuck the most. Chuck would practices his lectures there and Lem would listen with an awestruck mind. Chuck could bring the whole universe down into their small room and make everything seem so touchable. Most of all, Lem likes to hear the human's voice. Chuck could talk for hours and his voice sounded…happy. Lem enjoys that happiness dearly, after weeks of watching the human staring out with sadness and anger in his strange eyes. If talking made him feel better, and if astronomy was the key to keeping Chuck happy, Lem could listen to him forever. & & & World \"Let's go into town,\" Chuck began to say after a while. He claims he has \"cabin fever\" and needs to \"stretch his legs.\" After reassuring Lem several times that \"cabin fever\" was just a phrase and he wasn't really ill, Lem reluctantly agrees that the human needed to get out a little. The media wasn't as vicious as it had been to catch his story and the townsfolk were beginning to accept the idea of their alien resident. Chuck had to get out eventually. They sneak around most of the town without drawing a lot of attention. Most residents are thankfully the type to stare from a distance. Chuck comments that it's a lot nicer to do some sight seeing now without being chased by the government. Lem laughs and agrees. Chuck brightens up as they spend the day looking around. Lem enjoys explaining his world and all that's strange in it to Chuck, because the scientist in Chuck seems to emerge as he learns more about their world. The scientist is far happier than the ordinary Chuck, who still spends a lot of his time staring out windows or up at the sky with sadden eyes. If Lem can distract him with discoveries, he'd do what he could do make Chuck's day full of surprises. Lem makes the mistake of accepting Skiff's invitation to a game of hover bowling, however. Skiff insists on bringing Rover…and a few school friends. Not to show off the human, he repeatedly claims as Lem gives his best friend a death glare. The curious and wide-eyed classmates behind them, staring at the sheepish Chuck without shame, had to be irritating, but Chuck just laughs it off and says, \"The more the merrier.\" It's hard to play a game when there are so many people. Lem sits in a chair and watches his peers pester and question Chuck, who is trying his best to focus on learning how to play the game (which is strangely not unlike one back on Earth) and answer dozens of questions. Lem scowls and wants to intervene, but holds back. He doesn't want to seem overbearing or— \"Hey, Lem,\" Chuck calls out suddenly. Lem looks up, surprised. Chuck holds up one of the hovering balls and nods with his head. \"Skiff's chasing Rover again,\" he says, smiling his alien, but strangely pretty smile. \"Why don't you finish teaching me how to play this?\" Holding back a smile is tough but Lem somehow manages to force back his sudden giddiness as he almost runs over to Chuck. He forgets himself as he has to grab Chuck's arm to show him how to properly throw the levitating object and almost stops completely when Chuck gives him a warm smile. He's a terrible teacher, but Chuck seems to have more fun trying to do it than anything else. When they get ready for bed that night, Chuck thanks him for the day and asks if they could do it again sometime. Lem pretends to roll over in bed, to hide his goofy smile, and agrees. & & & Family When winter comes around, Chuck's been there for a few months. He marvels at the rocks that fall when it rains and the ice-covered ones that fall in the winter. It's not as cold here as on Earth, Chuck claims, if this was really their winter weather. Four months after Chuck was stranded here, Lem informs him of an impending family gathering of his. \"It's a holiday,\" he explains. Chuck almost starts laughing as he explains that around this time, Earth celebrated a holiday too. \"If it's about a fat guy in red coming down chimneys to give toys to good children, I'm going to really start to question whether or not I've become apart of a Planet of the Apes movie,\" he says, chuckling. Lem doesn't know what an Ape is or what a fat man has to do with anything, but he assures Chuck that the holiday is for a famous member of his own species and if it correlated with a holiday on earth, it was just coincidence. Chuck is easily intrigued by the holiday itself, though, and asks if he could observe it. Lem was already going to invite him, but just nods and says, \"We'd love if you did.\" The whole neighborhood puts on a big show this year and there's a lot of effort put into decorations and activities, probably because people wanted to impress their inter-galactic guest. Lem shows the awed Chuck around and tries to explain their culture and the reason for the holiday. Chuck just nods and takes everything in silently. They get back home and settle down for a large dinner, which Chuck compliments at the delight of Lem's mother. Skiff and Rover come for dinner and Neera and her family stop by for desert. The whole house is full, but when Lem gets away from the kitchen after doing the dishes, he sees Chuck over by the living room window alone. \"I was never expecting missing Christmas,\" Chuck explains when asked, though Lem doesn't know what a Christmas is. It had to be important, or Chuck wouldn't look so sad. \"It's a holiday that you spend with family and close friends.\" He sighs. \"But I should count my blessings as they are, you know? I'm sure I'll be back for next Christmas.\" Lem stares up at him and frowns at the man's distress. \"Do you miss your wife and kids then?\" he asks, although he's almost afraid to. Chuck stares down at him, frowning slightly. \"Wife…?\" he repeats, confused. Then, he laughs. Lem still marvels at the fact that he laughs just like them. \"Oh—that. Uh, I kind of exaggerated a little back then, kid. I, uh, was kinda desperate for some help. I'm not married, or have kids.\" \"Really?\" Lem asks, trying to sound neutral. In reality, his heart is beating faster again. Chuck smirks and that's reassuring; his previous melancholy seems forgotten. \"I'm not a guy to get tied down easily,\" he says, as if that was a great skill. He sighs wistfully and looks back at his drink. \"I suppose I should be grateful now. If I had been, this whole thing would be a whole lot worse.\" Lem nods. \"Yeah,\" he says, looking away. Again, he feels ashamed. But his heart doesn't stop beating, and he repeats an unspoken, I'm glad , in his mind. & & & Friend One day, Lem comes home from school and Chuck's not there. Curiosity turns to panic after Lem realizes that no one knows where Chuck is. The first place other than home Lem can think of the human going to would be the planetarium. He looks all over the lecture halls and first and second floors of the building, but Chuck isn't there. Inspiration hits as the same time as desperation, and Lem climbs up to the observation deck—and finds Chuck sitting along the roof platform they had once sat at when they were fugitives. Lem marches up, ready to yell or scold, or to just hug, this stupid human man, but stops short of speaking at all once he looks down at the seated alien. Chuck is staring out at nothing again, but the look in his eyes is different. Lem swallows hard and sees the same look in them as they had had the day he learned of his exile to Planet 51. So, Lem says nothing and just sits down. He watches Chuck carefully and just waits. He doesn't have to wait long before Chuck sighs softly and seems to deflate just slightly. \"Kennedy finally responded to my inquiry about the status of my return.\" Lem nods stiffly and tries not to look away. It's hard, because he doesn't want to hear what Chuck says next, but he remains firm and manages to listen further, for his friend's benefit. Chuck shifts in his seat, uncomfortable. \"They'll be sending another team, this time equipped with special medical gear, to check me out before sending me home. There's no way you guys are a threat to anyone, 'cause you're not space travelers yet, but my bosses still want to be careful. Once the other team confirms you guys are harmless, then we can all go back.\" Chuck stops and sighs again, running his hand through his strange mop of hair. Lem stares at him guardedly, or at least he hopes he was, because inside, he was burning again. He wants to say something, but knew it would be wrong. He wants to tell Chuck that he was glad that the second mission would take that long. He wants to tell Chuck that he really, really likes him. Suddenly, the words come out of nowhere and Lem is rambling faster than he can think. He tells Chuck that he's glad—glad he's there for that much longer. He tells him that he doesn't mind, that it's okay if he does stay, because he liked having him around. He could work as long as he wanted at the planetarium and Lem's home would always be open to him. He tells Chuck that he liked having him there and that it'd be terrible if he left, not so soon. \"I like you a lot, Chuck. I…I know this is selfish of me to say…but I'm glad you came here,\" he says while trying not to think of what he's saying, even though his tongue goes numb. \"I hope you get home and get happier than you are here, but…I'm…\" He means to tell him he's not sorry and that he wished that he could stay forever, but those words die in his throat. They aren't right to say. Even if Chuck was only here for another two years, Lem doesn't want to ruin their friendship. He wants Chuck to be happy, and if Chuck is happy, Lem is happy. Lem looks up stiffly and sees Chuck looking at him. There's surprise—maybe a little shock—and Lem prays that there is no anger. They sit like that for a while and Lem searches Chuck's face for any signs of disgust or rage. But there's nothing there. Chuck is just watching Lem like Lem is watching him. For a long second, Lem dares to breathe again. And then Chuck smiles. \"You told me I saved your life,\" Chuck muses. He turns, smiling out at nothing. \"But you know, kid…? I never would have made it this far without you. You're the only reason I'm still trying to keep going.\" Those words make Lem's mind reel and he can't speak. \"This might not be Earth,\" Chuck continues, his voice quieter but strangely stronger, \"but I can call it home. It is home…even for just a while. It's time I appreciated that fact.\" He looks over at Lem and smiles gently. Lem's heart stops. \"Thanks for being my friend, Lem,\" he says and he sounds like he means it. Lem swallows hard and meets Chuck's gaze, his heart pounding, but his guilt gone. Instead, he feels like he was full of air. Warm, gentle air. \"I like you a lot, Chuck,\" Lem repeats. His throat burns, but not from shame. \"I like you, too, Lem,\" Chuck says quietly. He means it. The two sit there for a while and the sun begins to set. Lem stares up at the larger man, and as quietly as he can, gets up. He doesn't wait for Chuck's approval, or his own, for that matter. He grabs Chuck by his arms and just half-kneels there in front of him, breathing in Chuck's scent and waits. Chuck lifts his hand and places it on Lem's head. Suddenly, everything becomes clearer. Two years is a long time. Lem bends his neck and rests his ear against that broad chest and listens. -Fin . A/Ns -\"Planet of the Apes\" – a bunch of explorers think they land on an alien planet but its actually Earth in the farrrr future -I tried to play off Lem's age a bit here. Socially awkward and definitely awkward when it comes to inter-species relationships! lolololol I really should lay off the fandoms, guys. Hope someone out there liked it! ","Summary":" Protocol 56-C By Nan00k A/Ns : I BLAME MY SISTER ENTIRELY I SHOULD BE WORKING ON MY OTHER STORIES B"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Our Worlds Crash Down Introduction","Author":"khyberthe2nd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5548543","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our Worlds Crash Down (A General Grawl Planet 51 Story) Intro & Characters Introduction: Chuck had gone back home to planet earth, where he hadn't left any children behind or \"a family\". It all was a lie to save him that day he met with Lem the \"Alien.\" He notices he brought something unwanted from there. That silly looking dog! Now what will he do? Will he come back and return it safe and sound? Or might his younger sister and friends tag along to his fascinating out of this world journey? New adventures, romance, and tense moments arrive in the return of Planet 51, Find out! Who knows, probably General Grawl may have the same concept of the \"Aliens\" he had before, or then again, he might not. Movie Characters: General Grawl, Lem, Chuck, Rover, others My Own Characters: Isa, Khyber, Mil, Maury, others ","Summary":" Our Worlds Crash Down (A General Grawl Planet 51 Story) Intro & Characters Introduction: Chuck had "},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Perfect","Author":"Fenfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5714185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N :Please review. If you don't, I will not continue. I know your looking, I just need your feedback. Oh yeah, this is a long term story! I want the end result to be love, not lust. I want to thank FF user \"Vois\" for editing and giving me ideas for this fanfiction. Thank you so much, Ash. Question, noticed how Lem idolized the perfect life in the movie? I took that, and shaped Lem in the character you'll see in this story. He's still that sensitive sweet Lem we loved in the movie, just... A little more rounded of a character then the movie made him out to be. ( I hope, at least!) He's just more perfectionist, a little bitter and stubborn as hell. Every character has to have his bad side, too, you know. S ummery: HUMAN!Alternate Universe Lem is 21, fresh into collage, and planning to major in planetary astronomy. Living with your best friend since the days, and dating the girl of your dreams. Not to mention the job he scored at the planetarium. Perfect-- Right? Now, add Charles T. Baker to the equation. Lem soon learns his life is not so peachy keen. And what's with the hippie radical and the principle? Eventual Chuck/Lem, minor Lem/Neera, minor Grawl/Glar (Which will not be part of the main story, but in chapter named \"Omake\") (Don't worry, it's all going to be Chuck/Lem in the end.) R ating: T (for now) W arnings! harsh language, eventual slash, mentions of drugs and alcohol, possible risque scenes. D isclaimer : Planet 51 does not belong to me. Neither do any other mentioned pop culture figures. If it did... well, I wouldn't be writing this, would I? Chapter 1. Mystery Monday Alright.. How should I start this? I need a header right? September 21, 2009. Wait-- Do I add the day of the week? Couldn't hurt to add it. Monday. September 21, 2009. Dear Lorry Garner, Shouldn't I use her full title? Backspace. Dear Deputy Administrator Lorry Garner, Needs something. Dear Deputy Administrator Lorry Garner of NASA, Is 'dear' too formal? Backspace. Blink. Blink. Blink. It's teasing me, that incisive blinking! It reminds me I can't think of another word; that I cannot write this damned letter. Did the people who create computers purposely make it so you wouldn't type? Is that why Microsoft Word is so expensive? It all makes sens-- Okay, stop it. I need to stop thinking like this. Conspiracy theories and paranoia are Skiff's department. Tenseness builds in my hands and brow. My hands refuse to move and so dose my mind. Damn it. The chair makes a harsh sound under me as I sit up. I know I won't be able to write the rest of the e-mail by just sitting there, so might as well do something productive. My clock reads half past eight. That gives me an hour until I have run to class. Breakfast sounds good right about now. It doesn't take long to pour a bowl of Cheerios. Fun part is, I can feed them to my fish too. They've lasted pretty long on them, the oldest one is 2 years old. Saves money on fish food, too. A note is posted on the refrigerator, reads: \" Hey Lem, Went to work early, saving for movie tickets to see the new movie, \"Paranormal Activity\" !\" Eye rolling was inevitable. I didn't even need to finish reading the note to know who it was from. As if the hand writing wasn't a dead give away. Strange, really... I've know Skiff since daycare days, you'd think I'd be used to it. Skiff's obsessions consisted of robots, alien invaders, and oddly enough, dogs. He'd do pretty much anything to indulge himself on such interests. I just thought he would have outgrown them by-- Well, I don't know, sixteen maybe. Obliviously, he was proving otherwise. But it was Skiff's immaturity that made him familiar. We're a pact. We've been through our roughs, our highs and lows. We went through the dreaded puberty era of high school. Now here we are roommates, sharing the rent. Maybe I should start unpacking some of the boxes... The empty bowl made a clank as it hit the sink. I think I'll call Neera after that. ______ \" Hey, Lem!\" \"Hey... I wanted to know how you were doing.\" \" Lem, you saw me but two days ago.\" \"A lot can happen in two days. What can I say?\" \" Aww, you're cute.\" Conversation continued, following on topics such as how each others weekend was, from Neera's experience was fighting gay rights. That was like Neera, standing up for whatever she believed was injustice. She just really started to express that to the public after she met Glar. I don't like Glar. Glar was... a character, to say the least. One who smelled of beer and weed. I don't like that, spells trouble. But Neera says he's a good guy, so I'll trust her word... reluctantly. \" Yourself? What are you up to?\" \"Ah.. That.\" She had to ask. \" Well, I've been trying to write a letter to the people at NASA.\" \" Still?\" \"Yes, still! I mean... It doesn't hurt to try, right?\" Truth was, I've loved the stars and everything space related. Planets and stars was the décor in my room. Currently, the milky way had made it's debut as my laptop's desktop. Hell, by the time I hit second year, I've decided to major in planetary science. But where is that going to get me in life? I'm hitting for a position in NASA. It's perfect for me. Problem is getting there. \" Lem... Honestly, don't you think you're trying to hard?\" \"I am not trying to hard!\" Oh damn, there was that immature strain in my voice. \" Le-\" \"Neera, listen, we've went over this before. Just because it's unlikely for me to get into NASA doesn't mean I can't try! As long as there's a possibility, no matter how small, there is still that chance! That chance could be mine.\" What I said was probably the most natural thing that came out of me all day. Ever since I was young I dreamed of this. I needed this-- life, my life, couldn't be perfect without it. \" ... Well. If you really feel like that... I guess all I have to say is good luck. \" Something felt a bit odd. I couldn't place my finger on it, but it was still odd. I looked over, glancing at the table clock \"Thank you Nee--\" 9:14 \" Shit! Neera I have to go! I'll see you at the cafe for lunch?\" \" Uh, yeah, sure--\" \"Great! Bye, I love you!\" Click. Now where the hell is my bag. _____ Biology is great. Great for sleeping, catching up with Skiff, and a whole lot of nothing else. Skiff and I hardly saw each other, even though we shared an apartment. Our work schedules both took late hours. Skiff's job was at a local Mom 'n Pop toy store. I toke a job cleaning floors and handling presentations at Glipflog Planetarium. Fitting jobs for both of us, I think. Don't get me wrong though. I love science and all... but I work a night shift. I need some sleep. I told Skiff we should collaborate and buy a coffee machine, but he went and blew his half on the \"9\" premier. So, a cheaper alternative was taking naps during the day. I spend about 30 minutes napping, and Skiff spends the another half an hour sleeping. The other half and hour is spent talking. While I nap, Skiff takes notes, and vice versa. The plan has proved to work so far, since we both got a decent grade on the most recent test. But for some reason, Skiff was to eager to sleep. In fact, I remember vaguely dreaming when Skiff shook me awake. A hissing whisper called, \"Lem!\" A groan was mixed in with a faded \"What?\" \"Okay, listen, there's a once in a life time event going on in the planetarium. If you can score me some--\" \"If this is about the Star Trek convention, we've went over this a hundred times, I've already got you set.\" \"No! I mean, yes, but no! Ah, don't change the subject! I'm talking about the-- wait. You don't know ?\" I glared at Skiff, annoyed. The last thing I wanted was for him to dance a subject just to infuriate me. Always works too. \"What are you talking about!\" Students were turning around to glare and shush us. I took the hint. In a more hushed voice, I asked once again, \"What are you talking about, Skiff?\" \"You mean you didn't hear? Oh god , I thought of all people, you would have know. I mean, with your NASA fetish an-- \" \"It is not a fetish!\" \"Yeah, sure, whatever. Anyway! I thought you'd know since... Y'know, you work at the the place.\" I would have normally flipped off anyone else who remarked snidely like that. But this was Skiff. He meant it all in playfulness and good humor. Still annoying, though. \"Alright, Skiff, you've had your fun. Now where are you getting at? And what does this have to do with NASA?\" There was a gleam in his eye. The one that said 'Well, your just going to have to find out your self.' It was the same look I got when I asked him what happened in the last Harry Potter book. But I was 15 then-- Wait. I'm getting off topic. \"... Your not going to tell me, are you?\" \"Nope.\" There was a long pause. By the time Skiff had finally spoken up, I had already laid my head down. \"Besides, you'll be going to work tonight. You'll see.\" Oh, okay. Sure. Now let me sleep, Skiff. \"Oh, and Lem?\" \"... What? \" \"It's my turn to take a nap.\" Asshole. ____ The Glipflorg University Cafe. A feeding grounds for the student body, and all else that inhabit the campus. There's the usual groups of students. Actors and artist tended to make a pact together. You had the loners who wrote bad poetry and wore their hair over most of there face you'd think they're related to Cousin It. Savvy students with their flashy Apple computers (Who, if you gave theme a pencil, would probably say 'What is this? The stone ages?') Then you had the people who'd make a difference later in life; attending school rallies and protested rights for people that were still neglected by the law. That was Neera, as well as most of the people she sat with. Extensively prepared students, whom had their entire future planned out, was the label that fit me best. Neera and I sat together, of course. She and her friends became acquainted, but never talked more conversed more the a simple 'Hello' or 'Good morning.' Often times, While Neera chatted with her friends, I just talk with Skiff (Who I know was only allowed into the group because he was such a close friend of mine.) But, Skiff went to get coffee, excusing himself with a \"I'm running low on energy.\" Yeah, like I didn't know you thought the cashier was hot. I was scanning through an old history book, reading things about the Challenger Space Shuttle when Neera confronted me. \"Hey, stranger.\" A chaste kiss upon the lips was our customary greeting. \"What are you up to?\" \"Ah... Reading a history book.\" \"I can see that. I meant, there looks like there's something on your mind.\" Well, there was something... \"You wouldn't happen to know about something going on at the planetarium, would you?\" Neera's eyes widened marginally. \"Yeah! I read about it in the newspaper! Why do you ask...?\" She looked hopeful almost as she took a seat next to me. Was she expecting the same thing Skiff expected of me? To score her some kind of good seats or something? Whatever it was, I didn't really care at the time. What did bite at me was how everyone knew about this mystery event occurring at very place I was employed at. \"Okay, wait a minute. What the hell? First Skiff, now you! Who else knows about this?\" \"It's published all over the local news, Lem. I thought you knew.\" Oh yeah, sure. I pay a $90 bill for cable and internet, and don't even check the local news stories with it. Smart. Real smart , Lem. I brought both hands to cover my eyes.\"I feel like such an idiot,\" There's going to be a headache cursing me soon, I can feel it. \"Now, now, I wouldn't say idiot. I'd say... misinformed!\" I looked at Neera and smiled thankfully. I was going to ask something along the lines of 'What's going on there anyway?' but the second I opened my mouth a guitar strummed. Oh! There's that headache. Glar. You see, under the Glipflorg University laws of student body labeling, I'd say Glar is a tough one to stamp. He could be considered a junkie, ridden with the smell of beer and cigarette smoke. But his rather radical opinions of how schools should be run and basically his entire philosophy of life suggests otherwise. I would call him a hippie, but I was pretty sure those died out by the 80's. Glar proved me wrong. \"Hello my peace making partners!\" Glar made an exaggerated movement with his arm, making a peace sign with his hand. As Glar approached the table, Neera and her friends gathered to greet him. \" So, what did all of you do this weekend to make the world a better place?\" Suddenly the idea of tuning out the world with a nap didn't sound so bad. ___ \"Duuuu~de.\" No, Glar. \"Dude.\" No, Glar. I'm ignoring you. \"'Ey, man.\" Ow! Fuck, \"Don't poke my head with your guitar!\" Took me a few moments to realize I thought aloud. Ha, at least I didn't say the curse part aloud. \"Oh... You're awake.\" Obviously, \"What do you want?\" \"Neera is like... worried about you. What's up?\" Oh, what, your suddenly a song writer , junkie and a therapist? \"Yeah, what's it to you.\" \"Well... what'd you do for your weekend?\" Is this guy honestly trying to make conversation with me? I looked up at him weakly, racking my brain for ideas on how to get away from this guy. \"Yeah, you know, I did the usual. Work. Sleep. Eat. You know, l ife. \" \"Ah... Lame. But you know, it's your life.\" Okay, that's it, I'm going away. \"Yeah, I'm sure you had a much better way of spending your time.\" If you think drinking and living in the back of a Volkswagen Van that should have hit scrap yard years ago fun. I collect my books and kiss Neera, telling her I'd call her tonight. \"What's your problem , man? I mean, I respect if you've had a bad day and al--\" Tuning you out. Glar had that sluggish tone to his voice that just got ate at my nerves . I couldn't stand his presence. I don't know why , I just didn't like him. In a rush, I passed Glar and leaving his question hanging in the hair. Vaguely, I remember hearing Glar mumbling something about me having 'issues.' __ Work at an observatory was fun. While paperwork was boring, and writing down appointments wasn't the most fun thing in the world, but the atmosphere really made a difference. It made me relaxed, contented with the stars and planets. Oh, and it was a blast working here at night, got the whole place to myself. I feel like a kid in a candy shop when I'm here. Yet, things were unusually hectic as I walked in. People making made dashes across the waxed marble floor, while crews worked various jobs. Everyone seemed to busy with their own thing to even notice me walk in. Frankly, I preferred it like that. So, I just punched in. My, there was snack tables in the lounge? This must all be about that mystery event! How could I forget... Then again, when your in Calculus II can your really focus and anything but the instructor? The food looked expensive, this must be something bigger then the average elementary school field trip. I was about to set up at my desk, but I caught my eye on the head coordinator of the planetarium. I needed to ask him about this mystery business. He had just got off the phone and looked as if he was searching for something. \"Professor Phlegm?\" The curator looked as if his search was over. \"Lem! You are just the person I needed to see.\" \"... I am?\" \"Why, of course m'boy!\" I had never talked to the professor before, save for the interview to get this job. Time made me forget his distinct English accent. \"You are the perfect candidate.\" \"I am? \" \"How does the prospect of meeting a national hero sound?\" _ At first, I flat out rejected. Why the hell would I would want to personally trot a pompous arrogant conceited celebrity around town? Be his tour guide and get nothing back but an autograph. As if that was supposed to make up my wasted valuable time and a whole week of school classes. Why, I rather watch that awful Transformers squeal then go through that kind of embarrassment and mental distress. Did all the stale air and dust in the Professors office turn him crazy? A heavy sigh escaped the Professor, \"I suppose I could give Nadine the job. She's wanted that extra $5 an hour. After all, she's always wanted to meet an astronaut .\" There was an exaggerated swing as the old man turned to leave. His steps were slow, trying to waver my judgment. Astronaut? \" Wait .\" The professor stopped. It wasn't the fame that drew me into the idea of being a celebrity's tour guide. I don't give a flip if I was touring the mayor around. Wasn't the fact he was a national hero, or the extra pay (Money that I certainty could have used.) The fact I'd miss school was definitely not it either. This was about my future. My future at NASA, and my chance at being what I've dreamed to be since childhood. Screw typing emails to every Dick and Jane that work at HQ. I can have an astronaut as a connection. Who's a better connection to NASA then an astronaut! \"I'll do it.\" The Professor's fuzzy mustache smiled, \"Brilliant! Be here by 6 am sharp. I'll have you acquainted with the chap in no time at all. Oh, you may have too prepare a list of destinations in which you...\" With a few of Phlegm's instructions, I had gotten the basic gist of it all. For some reason though, I began to get a bad feeling within my gut. Maybe, just maybe, I've made a mistake. ` To be continued...` A/N : Tell me if I should continue. I really need people to tell me, or I will not continue the fanfiction. After all, what's the point in writing something no will read? In essence, review please ; o ; Oh, and PS, That \"Lorry Garner\" is a twist of the real Deputy Administratorat NASA.[Chapter 2] A/N: IMPORTANT : For all of you who did not want to read the Grawl x Glar: I'm having chapters named \"Omake: \"chapter title\"\" containing the said couple. You just have to skip those chapters if you wish not to read about Grawl x Glar. It will contain events outside of Lem's situation. The main story will only be Lem's pov, and it will only contain Neera x Lem and Chuck x Lem. Also; Changing Lem's age to 21, because '`Mr. Gregor Samsa'` made a very good point. For Lem, 17 would be too young to be a college student, since he was 17 and in high school at the time of the movie. Also, this leaves wiggle room for other semi plots chapter ideas. There will be things unanswered now, but remember, the reader is supposed to be confused. Your knowledge is as limited as Lem's is. You will not know Chuck's emotions, you're as oblivious as Lem is. You'll just have to catch the hints through his moves. ;D /// no more author's notes, I know they're annoying. Chapter 2: \"Live a little.\" 05.54 That's what my watch read, in big flashing blue letters. It was like me to be punctual. My parents made sure I always was, for whatever it was in life. From daycare to my very first job interview, which was still the current position I'm holding at the observatory. I had gotten this job about years ago, when I was old enough to work. Years of community service helped me. Don't get me wrong, I didn't get in trouble or nothing. I'm not a hoodlum or any kind of that trouble. I just have a passion for astronomy, even when I was young. My foot starts to tap as I waited, growing impatient. It's cold in Nevada before the sun comes up. Goes from 30 to 80 degrees in a matter of hours. I should be used to that kind of change, but I've always preferred hotter weather over the cold. But I had to admit, the Glipflorg Observatory had such a beautiful view. The hill was so high and a fair distance from the manufactured light of the town; perfect for star gazing. That was my most impacted memory. Nostalgia, right up there, in the night sky. Seeing the incredible magnitude of stars. That was nostalgic for me. Absent from city lights, the stars look like they were painted to the sky. Like someone threw a huge bucket of white paint onto a black canvas. I remember drawing imaginary pictures from the stars as a kid. When I found out you could make wishes on the stars (A taboo I now deemed ridiculous) I wished to visit the stars. Once I found out they didn't let untrained individuals into space after the Challenger, I lost hope. But still, I was happy I even had the honor to see the stars. Just, loo-- Owch! The pain in my shoulder brings me back down to earth. My messenger bag was starting to weigh me down. Professor Plegm's instruction went heeded; I planned destination for this astronaut. I didn't even get his name. Formalities are supposed to happen today. A soft thump was heard as I put my bag down. There. That will give my shoulder a rest. I couldn't blame the Professor for being so scatter brained about this. I mean, an astronaut of all people. I'd be running around like a chicken without a head too. Which I did, by the way. You see, the second after the Professor gave me my instructions, I was told to go home and prepare as much as I could. Driving home proved... difficult, as my hands trembled with excitement. Getting home was even harder, as I almost got into a car accident twice. But that didn't matter, because I was meeting an astronaut. I stopped at a gas station and picked up a map of the town. I knew all the local places to visit, but still, having visuals seemed like a good idea. But the second I pulled into the gas station, I saw that dreaded tie-dyed Volkswagen. Glar came out of the convenient store that moment, and I sunk in my seat, wishing I could be invisible. I noticed he was holding posters and wooden sticks. A protest, I bet. I'll ask Neera about that when I call her... When the damned car drove away, and the coast clear, I did what I had to do by buying a map of Glipflorg. All movements were robotic, and didn't even care that the cashier shorted my change by 50 cents. I was meeting an astronaut. Home was my next destination. Immediately, I was confronted by Skiff. Questions flew by me in a frantic, very fan boy like way that was Skiffs character. I just ignored him, and walked to the single couch we owned. Usually, I would find humor in his swooning motions. But I was still too much in awe to really think about that. \"I'm going to meet an astronaut.\" My voice confirmed, more to myself than to Skiff. Again the gaps and spazzing emerged from Skiff, but that seemed faded out when I fully took to the idea. I called Neera that night. She was just as astounded to hear of my news. Only, she was curious why I was the one touring him around instead of some tour guide. But I didn't care. I didn't even remember to ask her about why Glar was buying materials. I mean, I was going to meet an astronaut. Wow. I'm meeting an astronaut. Now, I am even still flabbergasted by the idea. Even as I stand in front of Glipflorg Observatory here waiting for my said idol to arrive. Ever since I found out about the idea of an astronaut, the idea a person could travel to space, travel to the stars , I've admired them. I remember the night I asked my father during a camping trip. We were sitting under a night sky, the same one I stood under now. I remember the feeling of awe coming over me. That amazing feeling, the feeling you only get when you've decided who will be your hero. I only wondered now, what will it be like to meet that said hero? Could it get any more perfect? The girl of my dreams, Neera, by my side. Living in a decent sized apartment with my best-friend since my days at daycare, Skiff. I'm going to meet an astronaut. Now all I have to do is get my dream job at NASA; I'll be sure to get the job with the astronaut as a connection! Sure, we need to hit it off, but that won't be hard. All I have to do is impress him with the town, fulfill every one of his bids and wishes, and kiss his ass. That won't be to hard, right? I looked at my wrist watch again. 06:07 it read. I wonder who'll I'll meet... Arnold Armstrong, Sally Rosenberg, Barb Garret, Ruth Richards, Charles Baker-- Wait, these were all American Astronauts. What if I'm an astronaut of a different nationality? That could soil my chances of getting into NASA! Just as I was about to convince myself that I just need to learn a new language and move to a new country for the sake of my perfect life, a car appear from the horizon. It was a limousine. Could I expect any less? The professor should be in there with the mysterious astronaut; I vaguely remember him telling me that. I stood there, still and stiller. All excitement within must have frozen, getting harder and colder as the vehicle approached. I realized it wasn't time that had slowed and prolonged these kinds of events; it was my brain being overloaded, slowing everything within myself, like a lagging computer. I couldn't panic now. I was too far into the game to panic. Cool, I must be cool, calm and collected. Cool, calm, collected... Cool, calm, collected... Cool, calm, collected. The mantra played in my head over and over again, and breaths became forcefully deep in an attempt to relax myself. The limo finally pulled up in front of the planetarium. Relax, Lem, relax. The door opened. Oh god... It was, it was. It was-- Professor Phlegm? I couldn't help, disappointment engulfed me when I saw my boss instead of my hero. \"Lem! Good, your here.\" Why wouldn't I be here, Professor? \"I would like to introduce you to...\" The moment the Professor started his introduction did someone else step out of the car. A very tall man, dwarfing my height of only 5 feet and 5 inches. My neck pained looking up at him. He was familiar. This was, \"...Charles T. Baker.\" Professor Phlegm finished. But I already knew that. I've memorize the looks of ever astronaut, and Charles Baker was just as I remembered from the magazines. The ginger hair in tack, and more casual, granted fashionable, clothing. I had to take a sharp breath in as I steadied my feet. Did I almost faint? That doesn't surprise me. Meeting your idol can have that kinda of effect on you, so I heard. I wouldn't know. I've never had the opportunity to meet one... Wow, this feels so weird. It's a warm, tingly, floating-on-air like feeling. I got this same feeling when first meet Neera. \"Hey kid!\" Charles waved his hand in front in my face. I snapped out of it. How long, I wonder, was I spaced out, \"You alright?\" \"Huh... Oh, y-yeah!\" I held out my trembling hand, offering to shake Baker's hand. \"Forgive me, Mr. Baker. I'm... side tracked?\" Charles smiled, more genuinely then that crooked smile that appeared in all of his pictures. He firmly took my hand, \"Nice to meet you too, Lem. Oh, and do me a favor, kid, call me Chuck.\" I nodded vigorously. \"Right... Chuck?\" That name felt good on my tongue. \"Chuck,\" The astronaut, confirmed. 'Chuck' it is. Another man stepped out of limo from the front of the vehicle. The man was taller than Chuck, if that was possible. Sun glasses hid his eyes and a gray suit graced him. He vaguely reminded me of a Men in Black agent. Chuck motioned his head toward the stranger. \"Ah, that would be James. He's my bodyguard.\" The man known as 'James' bowed his head in acknowledgment. I looked at Chuck for a moment, confused. Was Chuck that paranoid of getting ambushed by paparazzi? I had no idea an astronaut needed so much security. As far as I knew, if an astronaut was caught on the street and recognized, he'd just be asked for an autograph. I gave Chuck a questioning look, which he promptly ignored. Curious. \"Nice to meet you, James.\" I said, and got another bow from the tall blurry man. An awkward silence hung in the air. \"So!\" Chuck clapped his hands, a somewhat forced smiled on his face. \"Let's move along with that tour now, shall we?\" \"B-but, Charles...\" The Professor piped up. \"Wouldn't you rather become familiar with the planetarium?\" Funny, the professor was never as docile as he sounded now. He'd yell and give me an order. I guess that whole celebrity thing really changes a person's vantage point. \"Yea-No. I have all weekend for that, Prof.\" My eyes widened when I heard Chuck call Phlegm by his most hated nickname. \"And I told you before, it's Chuck .\" Last time I called the Professor 'Prof.' he threatened to fire me. Never happened again. \"Of course Cha-- Chuck.\" It was so amusing to see Phlegm suck it up. Chuck smiled that grin. A tense, forced one. \"Great, with that solved...\" The astronaut pushed me firmly towards the car, \"We'll be goin' now.\" Before the professor could even respond, he pushed me in the limo. I heard the door slam behind us, and faintly, a small squeak from the Professor. \"Drive, man, I don't care where, just drive .\" I had just barely managed to pull my self up into a seat. Then the car bolted into drive, and I fell back on the floor. A hand helped me up, pulling me into my seat by my arm. \"T-thanks.\" I said, rubbing my sore arm tenderly. That's when I realized I left my bag. \"Shit!\" I covered my mouth, surprised I would even let that kind of language. In front of someone I was trying to impress! How embarrassing... \"What? What happened?\" Chuck asked, not fazed by my cussing. He just blinked, curious. \"I.. uh... Left my bag. I needed that for the tour. You see, I made a map and a list of destina--.\" \"Let me guess, that old guy told you to do that, right?\" Chuck raised his eye brows, unimpressed. I only looked at him, surprised. How did he know? \"Alright, listen kid. Your young, what, eighteen?\" \"Twenty one.\" I interjected. \"Yeah, whatever. Point is, that old guy Professor, he has this philosophy about life that should have been dropped somewhere around the 1800s.\" Chuck sent a disgusted face in the direction of the planetarium. \"That's why I wanted to get away from that guy. The guy is just to...\" Chuck paused, trying to find the right words. \"Anyway, I didn't like him.\" \"But, Chuck--\" \"Point I'm trying to make is: you can't be like that old geezer. It makes you old too quick.\" There was a look of indecisiveness on my face. I wasn't prepared for not being prepared... \"Live a little, Lem.\" I looked up at Chuck. The look on his face reassured me. Then, at that moment, something within me, something cold and rigid, chipped away. The feeling was eerily familiar to relief, but even better. I knew, for some reason, that I didn't need to impress this guy. Being myself was the only way I would be accepted by Chuck. That was a feeling I had forgotten; it felt so foreign. \"Just wing it.\" I nodded my head, said, \"Okay.\" and took prolonged exhale out. I didn't realize I was holding my breath... Chuck immediately changed the direction of the conversation.\"Good. Now that we've got that settled, where to?\" But something was eating at me. It ate at me, all day and even now as I sit in this limo.\"Chuck, just before we go anywhere, can I ask you something?\" \"Let me guess, you want an autograph?\" Chuck, you're so humble. \"No!\" My brows fell in a serious face. I was not amused by Chuck's conceit, \"I was wondering why you asked the Professor to find you a tour guide, when.. When you could have asked a local touring company.\" Chuck's happy go lucky smiled morphed into a mixture of embarrassment and humor. \"Let's just say I uh.. I've gotten banned from service by the only touring company that's in your area...\" My eyebrows furrowed, confused. \"... I got sued for something. Let's just keep it at that.\" Chuck closed the discussion. \"So where to?\" \"Sure...\" Disappointment edged around me, but I wouldn't let that bother me. No law suite between an astronaut and a touring company was ever out. I mean, I would've known about. \"Uh... Do you like bowling?\" There was still a lot of unanswered questions. But it wasn't a good idea to go prying this early down the road anyway. Speaking of prying, I still wondered: Why the hell did Chuck need a bodyguard? `To be continued...` A/N: Don't mind the extremely minor OC. I just need him for story/plot development. Reviews, I need them to know if I should keep writing. Tell me about any mistake that should be fixed or advice on my writing/grammar skills. Thanks you guys~ -Mimi ","Summary":" A/N :Please review. If you don't, I will not continue. I know your looking, I just need your feedba"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"One Small Step and One Giant Leap of Faith!","Author":"ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7244355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Small Step and Giant Leap of Faith! Disclaimer: I do not own Chuck Baker (though I own his whole name Charles Samuel Baker), the space dog (I own his name Licks, also the name of his breed I own Russling, which I made up as a Jackrussel terrier for the way the dogs were presented or this one I just couldn't help but see a Jack being that kind of alien dog... THough once I had that idea in my head I couldn't find anyother dog for him to be... If you don't like the choice of dog... Give me another breed with name that you'd like and I'll change it), Neither do I own the characters Lem, Neera, Glar, Skiff, and Eckle. Nor do I own the song 'Taking Care of Buisness' however I only use a little part of it mostly the most famous lines in it (I'm pretty sure that that song came out around the time frame 1957-1975, but if I'm wrong I'll change it to another song that's just as famous and fun) I do own Cindy, Mrs. Alec, Dolly, Marleen (Marley ' nickname') Amber Genaro... Readers Please note About my Character 'Marleen Amber Genaro': That I do have something I've decided to inform my readers of this first chapter about her appearance that may seem strange to some people when looking at her profession) So here's the thing, I ment to mention this in the past, Marley (as I sometimes call her) appears in reveiling short shorts but is a substitue teaching assistant for a Kindergarden teacher. Now even to myself that would be extremly odd for a sub or teacher to ever show up or appear in anything this unproffessional, it would almost seem to Hollywood esq to anyone. Well I do have a reason I invisioned her this way ( Not counting the fact that their in Florida and its supposed to be a blistering hot day ) SO HERE'S What I'm saying you won't find out for a while why she is... t hat is I can't tell you, \"without\" revealing the comical way I bring her understanding of the situation in a future chapter. For it will eventually be discused down the road, which means yes you'll realy see Marleen's character come up shortly, thus the reason she's shortly brought up here. However, I will say the situation in which she's wearing unprofessional clothing at a school event will not be discussed for \"quite\" a few capters...) ANYWAYS, She's is \"more then she appears\" AND THAT'S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW... That's all I will say FOR NOW but PLEASE DON'T hate the chapter for her strange outfit or appearance... Oh and if your wondering \"What schools have paid teachers assistants and teachers assistants substitutes in Kindergarten or any grade?\" Well mine did from what my parents still tell me and my own memory of it + pictures, I had 'two teachers' as I called it, well technicly three since the original teacher left on materinity leave and they brought in Mrs Salmon to be the main teacher (funny she went to my church)... Well anyways if you think substitute teaching assistants are strange, I'm letting you know they actually aren't that strange where I'm from. Chapter content warning: This chapter contains talk of sex, though its mostly a follow up of what's happened from all the points leading to the story. Content Viewer reader grade: PG As for this story, it will have a single rape scene coming up in another chapter (it will contain use of a sex drug)… Eventually their will be fight scenes that are extremely descriptive, heavy battles scenes not suited for young readers. DESCRIPTIVE LANGUAGE AND ACTIONS… content words, will be mild but have a radar up, as their will not be words suited for children (and part of the next chapter will not be suited for readers under 14 or 15). NOTE I split Chapter 1 up into 2 or 3 Parts, but their connected with the Title of Chapter 1 so think of the chapter name as the name of the Act in a play. (I'll explain in the 3rd part why I split it in a strange way) I HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS STORY ITS VERY GOOD… But I won't post till I get 2 reviews so please do review. Now without further adu…. I ask that… You Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy Enjoy, Enjoy Enjoy And thanks for being such wonderful readers :) ;) :D ;D Chapter 1: Angles on Earth and One that Fell on Me! Part 1: \"We all Crash at Some Point, It's the laws of the Universe What Goes Around Comes Around!\" It is a beautiful look the stars and planets on this day. This is, seventeen years after Charles Baker landed on Planet 51 also known to the humans of Earth as Mars. A planet that was thought by scientists, those with great knowledge or anyone with degrees from world renound schools like Harvard and Stanford, to only be inhabited by rocks and musty unclean air. Not one person thought before sending a man to Mars, in the Spring of 2009, that anything even inhabited such a planet. Those who did were thought of as nuts and weirdo's. They only sent a man up to collect data and bring it back to earth, unlike their probs that were not fited with such capabilities as to bring anything back. The worlds governments, and people of NASA, had no clue that the biggest secret known to man was going to stay hidden from them by the very man they sent to Mars. It would have been one of the greatest descoveries since Columbus voyaged to the New World. Man would have spured at the discover that they finally found 'We are not alone in the Universe after all!' It was the knowledge of what man kind would do, that kept Charles Baker from ever revealing the true mind blowing discoveries he found on Planet 51. History, of the Indian Removal Acts of the 1800's and could even match the obliteration of the entire Mayan population by Europes explorers in the Renaissance. If their was anything history taught him it was one thing, that man was racist pricks. He knew many schoolars would argue him to his grave if he ever revealed this statment to the public, but history was fact, the enslavment of countless African's taking them forcibly from their homes and killing many tribes over person gain, the same treatment to the Asians or Cetics who came to America for freedom and instead found themselves and their children working to the death in the mills or railways, even the wars the many collunies spread across the America's fought against the Natives, they were all unjustly for greed and race. If their was one thing that Charles promised himself he would not due to the people of Planet 51, no matter how racist they in turn the larger percentage of people treated him, it was the hardest life promise he would ever have to make, that no matter what he would not put their lives in danger to his own greedy race. No matter what he would not make his people become what they themselves feared, he would not let his world becoem the filthy greedy scum they were when they populated America, he would not allow them to become the monsters that his alien friends feared. On his own life he would do everything it took to keep this planet safe, and never let it be in fear of his people because he revealed his endeavors. While traveling in space those seventeen long years ago, awaiting the next day when he would land on his home planet. Chuck watched the space dog he had yet to name chew on a large ruber ball he brought for leasure, but instead found it had become the dogs personal chew toy. He found during those many days in space contemplating the montianious weight his mind now would carry for life, that watching his dog was the only comforting thing to the journey back, not counting the countless other stress such a playful alien dog brought him. But, this early afternoon was different, for as he sat trapped in deep thought counting all the fates and millions of lives currently laying in his hands, the hitchhiking dog's tail hit the dash wiring panel, and it slid open. That's when the God sent idea came to him, and he rushed to find all the camera's and the hundred's of devises that lay throughout the shuttle, that he had been taught taught in the case of an error to fix. However, it was not his knowledge that NASA's training taught him to fix such items that would give away the signs of life on the inhabited planet, that came throughly to mind. No, for it was the thoughts of what you could not fix, and what self caused viruses that would leave all data and memory unusable. For that day in space, he seeled both planets to a new fate that would lead to war. Though this was not a government brought war his decission created, it was a war non the less. His decission secured the safety of both worlds, but only stalled what inevitbly was to come, that even God could not prevent. For now the unseen future lay in many other hands then just his own, now more then one human would hold the destiny and lives of another world. For now a child of only three, had her fate laid before her, for the choices she would later would horendously make, would bring her life to the front lines of a hidden war. As soon as he arrived, infront of the public and world broadcasters he threw a hug angered fight about hating the planet in which he lost his IPOD and cell phone on. The broadcast became one of the worlds most hilarious ceberty cornaries of all time. No one analyzed the strange movements of the duffle bag along his back that held the alien dog. It took many weeks well he bitched about this an that for him finally to sign his papers of leave, but they finally allowed him. It seemed they waited, till they had all the proof that nothing ever exsisted on the planet known for its strange color and rocks. Finally they all had to except what even the scientists slightly hoped was not true. They all regretibly found they had to accept Baker's claim that the planet he utterly hate was completly unlivable and dull, for most of their equiptment said data that mostly said the same things, or looked to have malfunctioned completly. At least from what he explained and threw false raged arguments about did everyone of the scientific communtiy have to record as valid data. When the reasearchers, agreed their was no further reason to explore the planet, and with the space program closing due to the economic faliure of America, they decided to shut down the Mars projects, until further money or reaserch was needed to look back on the planet. Baker easily told the NASA researchers that there was nothing up there, and did it with the charming smile on his face. Before he left he even managed to direct their attention to the planet of Jupiter. He had no clue that a more malicious reasercher with money up his wallet secretly ran tests on all the objects from his trip, not believing a single word from his lips. Though NASA years upon years later, began to reset their sites agian on Mars, it was this man who found something more, that laid many other paths that again corrupted the future path of a young girl on the other side of America, and set her young life into the path of danger. Baker easily hid his alien Russleling canine that was an alien breed of Jack Russell Terriers, he named Licks for obvious reasons, which revolved around the fact that he loved to lick with his tongue within a tongue. Chuck kept Licks as if any man would as his loyal dog who he loved as a best friend. Chuck even found a home in the woods, so Licks would be able to roam freely without any questionable eyes. As soon as he arrived on Earth, he met the most attractable women Marleen Amber Genaro, she was a teacher's assistant for a local school that was visiting the space center on tours the day he quit. Baker had an immediate attraction to the fair Californian girl, who was tuff and strong, very opinionated, yet beautiful as the sun. Her black hair, blue eyes and smile as light pink as a runway model was equal to the sweet lovely colorful rose gardens of any incredible Garden park. It was her refusal at his pick up line that he used after following the group of visiting children, till they hit the café that made him to fall more for her. He looked at her as she ordered a frappuccino, and he smiled as he did anytime he was trying to get a women, especially when he wanted an all-nighter. \"Has a Goddess fallen from the sky… Or angel been found on earth, for you must be one.\" \"Fuck off dush, stop following us!\" Marley told him that afternoon so coldly and direct, as he was slapped in the face, before she grabbed her coffee and left. She stormed off swaying her hot sexy fit bum, as her short shorts, for the warm summer weather, showed a little bit more than they should. Luckily, for him it was all thanks to one of the little children, that gave him a second chance to have a better beginning with the women he found incredibly attractive. \"Mrs. Alec, Ms. Genaro…It's Cindy…she's not breathing!\" A young girl in a summer dress and purple shorts screamed pointing to her unconscious friend. Chuck rushed over to see what happened. \"Oh God!\" the women he loved stated as she looked to the pale girl. \"Hold it…is she allergic to peanuts?\" \"No!\" the women behind him stated with a gasp. \"No we have been sure of which are…she is not…\" \"Hold on!\" He rushes over to the girl as he lifts her slightly and brings his arms around her. Suddenly he pumps with his hands causing her body to come into his chest as he was attempting to get the object that may be choking her, out of her wind pipe or throat. Suddenly an object comes flying out, low and behold its part of a granola bar that that girl had swallowed down the wrong pipe. Chuck laid the young blonde on the ground and checked her pulse with two fingers on her neck. \"Hold on she's still not breathing.\" He opens her mouth at an angle and blows air into her mouth, as her chest slowly raises up, and he closes her mouth. His hands meet to the young fourth graders chest and start bouncing up and down in hard pumps to get her heart restarted. \"One….Two….Three!\" he says until he reaches twenty, giving each number a grunt and straining sound of the air he breaths in, as the CPR was quiet hard especially when he was attempting to make sure he did not pump too much and permanently hurt the young girl. He put his lips over her mouth, and watched as the chest rose with the air he breathed into her mouth. He closed her jaw again, and began the rounds of another twenty pumps, again counting in gowns that revealed how tuff such a task truly was to accomplish. On the third blow of air, her chest began to rise, and then fell and rose again with her chest taking air in on its own. \"Thank Heavens.\" The women who was in her forties from the looks of it with some wrinkles and red hair stated, as she rushed to the girl and hugged her like she was afraid the girl would die. \"I've called the hospital their on their way.\" A passer by stated as they showed their phone coming down from their ears, to indicate they had just finished the call. At this time, Chuck slowly got up and turned away from the audience of happy children who were flocking the young girl Cindy. As he wiped his hands against his dark blue t-shirt, he never noticed the women watching him turn away in shock, yet gratitude. When he walked out of the crowded café a women kindly and softly stated \"Ex… Excuse me…um…sir!\" her quiet voice carried to his ears as he stopped at in the hallway he turned into. He had no clue by the time he heard her and he stopped, she had followed him into this empty hallway, where they were utterly alone. At first he did not think he heard anything, but then the same question came, with a gentle female hand of a kind women touching his back causing great swells of sweat to pass through his body. \"Excuse me sir.\" She spoke kindly like there was only silent bliss and happiness in the calm world. \"Yes?\" he turned to find shock that the 5'7\" women with amazing curly black hair and Californian tan was staring at him with watery eyes and the look of joy and sadness. \"Thank you!\" she stated as she was trapped in the look of his amazing sea blue eyes and blonde bouncy hair. He smiled at her soft but sweet graceful smile, quietly and kindly like a romance film he gently stated \"Your welcome.\" Charles turned and walked further down the corridor to exit the building of the place he just quit. The women was stunned as she let the man walk away but suddenly her feet were booking it as she rushed out the doors, and saw the man walking down the parking rows to his car. She ran as if she used to run in high school for her cross-country team only in heels. \"Excuse me sir!\" she yelled out in the beautiful blue cloudless day, that when Chuck heard her he had only seconds to look and see the amazingly shaped curvedly strong built run, booking it for him. He was so surprised that he did not see the collision about to happen with her and him, for seconds after he looked up, he was knocked to the ground, with the women on top of him, blushing like crazy. He gave a little chuckle \"You alright Ms?\" \"Very….Thanks…and oh… um Sorry!\" she scratched her back in embarrassment as she reached her hand out and got up. \"Um here can I help you…\" \"No… no I'm alright!\" He stated with a sly laugh from the event, using his 1969 cherry red Ford Mustange rear to help himself up although he groaned in pain. He attempted to make his groans silent or quieter so she would not worry over him. \"Wait!\" she gave a puzzling look \"You're that guy that had the fit on live television after coming back from Mars.\" Chuck laughed and rubbed his sore side \"Yeah… I would be the one… The names Chuck… Chuck Baker… My full names Charles Baker… But I prefer that everyone calls me Chuck.\" Marleen gives a little girlish chuckle and sticks her hand out to the sore and in pain man \"Well, its' a pleasure... I'm pleased to meet you Chuck… The names Marleen Genaro. But everyone calls me Marls or Marley, and yes before you ask that is like Bob Marley from Scrooge... But I go by Marls and Marley for short on unprofessional occassions.\" \"Don't you need to get back to the kids?\" \"My shift is up, I'm only a part time teachers assistant and Kaci arrived during the incident so I'm off for the day… I was more like her sub, I'm an engineer that's what I went to college for with the minor in teaching… I love kids, I couldn't help having a strange minor for an engineer.\" \"Really!\" Chuck stated excited. \"Well I was an astronaut, but all the same I like mechanical stuff.\" \"Yeah I guess liking Transformers and comics in all got me into it….you get that way when you're raised with comic geeking brothers and father, and have a tom boy for a mother.\" The two laughed and reminisced leaning against the car about such incidents in their own childhood, comparing their geek brothers and parents. Until Chuck looked to his clock and knew he should make it out of their soon. \"Well I better get going you ma…\" She puts her hand on his shoulder after he turned around, he stopped as she sighed silently in the wind and he could smell her wonderful perfume. At her touch, he slowly turned around, and peered into her wonderful complexion, as she looked ashamed at the ground and the wind blew her black shimmering sun touched hair in the wind. She looked up with obvious tears in her eyes. \"You don't know how hard it would have been if I lost a child while I was working…. I'm…I'm sorry… I judged you before I knew you… Can… Can you give this a second chance? Or forgive me and give your question another try?\" Baker looked down at the women's beautiful face, he wiped her tears from her cheek and smiled. \"It was no problem to save her life… I cannot see children die anywhere I am… Would you like to go out on a date with me and learn more about each other?\" The women tried to stop her silent tears as she hiccupped. \"I… I… wou… would love that…space boy!\" She smiled and held his hand as he helped her into the car and they drove off for a wonderful day, of many days to come. As years would pass, Chuck still believed the feeling that he had found an angel with him from heaven, she was hot beyond compare in his eyes no matter what she looked like. In his eyes, she was like anyone's dream magazine model who wanted a normal guy, except she was only for him, and was his dream girl. After the first date, he could have sworn he saw forever with her. Each day they spent together, he could have sworn Marls shone brightly like the sun even more. Little did he know that he shone just as much in her eyes, and this was the reason for her bashful smile to grow each day she was around him. To his surprise, Licks took immediate liking to her, and she loved him just as much. Weird enough she was not freaked out one bit, she thought he was adorable, even came with a couple dog toys for him to enjoy, hours after meeting him. It was not to long till Marls moved in with Chuck. All too soon, they moved to Northern California. Not too long after California, did they adopt another dog to keep Licks company. Her name was Dolly, and she was a perky little miniature Poodle, Terrier, Chihuahua mix. Little did they know that Licks was not clipped, and only in months did they have to deal with mutant mixed puppies. Who they for obvious reasons and attached reasons could not give up. It took a few years, for Chuck to get any yes from Marls. But he eventually won her over and proposed with her finally saying yes to the romantic old fashioned romantic carriage ride, that ended in the middle of the Giants stadium where the song 'Even When I Close My Eyes', played on the loud speakers. Chuck jumped out and showed her the ring for the sixth time he asked, but the first time he ever truly did anything romantic or in public to ask. She teared up and nodded her head in great sobs before she said the words in great tears. Chuck and Marleen married on a beautiful beaches of Fiji, and their two month honeymoon was spent traveling the world. Though there was more to the honeymoon then the sights they saw. Just like any honeymoon, many days were spent under intense sex of wedded bliss. In fact, during one of these nights Marleen became fertilized with their first children. Over the years they had several children, the first being a set of twins, the next being another daughter, and the next two a set of male twins, one more boy followed, before the young curly orange haired little girl. Who filled Chucks heart, as she was his precious little girl, she was a total daddy's girl. Little did Chuck, the same astronaut that threw a fake fit to protect his friends on another planet, ever learn that the space program was looking at restarting their rockets and going back to this planet with a load of researchers. They had attached a probe to the rocket Chuck was sent to space in, the same rocket that Geniordian guards walked around, and heavily guarded. These researchers found it interesting that it stated there was oxygen and life of organic things such as plants. From day one of Baker returning, NASA knew Baker hid something extraordinary, no one could answer why, as many argued the reasons. Nevertheless, it was a sure thing that there was more to the Mars trip than originally thought, at least what was believed after research was analyzed. The problem is every time Chuck was contacted he would refuse to answer; eventually they refused to continue persisting the man, knowing if it was absolutely worth while the man would not say a word. Though, it took a few court battles in which Chuck and his family won, for NASA to get the idea that they should stop asking him or else get fined by the Baker family. Chuck and his family lived in small towns, switching during the summer to one Lake House, that had a river connecting it to the ocean, which was quiet a handful of miles away. During the school seasons, the family lived in a small mountain town in the mountain range. In both places, he secretly built small rockets with the help of a few trusted NASA workers who were his best friends, to make the underground communications hangers and actual launching pads with smaller versions of space rockets. If not a much newer nicer version compared to NASA's rockets. During this same time, the friends of Planet 51 aged into adults. Lem, was now in his thirties, and like Chuck, he equally proposed to his girlfriend, who sadly was not Neera. This time it was to a completely different girl compared to Neera, whose relationship ended years before due to differences of their beliefs, and her constant belief in protesting for things during the Voquarnus, the Vietnam of Mars, war. Especially when the protesting and Hippies of the 1960's came around, they split their separate ways, Neera going with Glar's, and running the strange Hippie protester kind of life. She soon became pregnant at Woodstock, to a musician. Now she was a drug addicted singer's wife with several children, living in LA. Though she was greatly unhappy, constantly wishing her husband was not the abuse man he was now, and constantly thinking of packing up her childrens bags and her own and leaving him for good, though she had lost her old protesting fighting self back in woodstock where she met her dush bag husband her parents did not agree with her marrying. Now she regretted not ever listening to them, for they were right in thinking he was not a good enough man. All she prayed for each night was for a miricle that would be the reason she could leave for home, pay a lawyer and split far from her husband. Lem on the other hand proposed to Miranda Leah Anders, a girl from his planets New York that he met from his new job teaching about the Universe. She had been a Law speaker one day when he bumped into her and their worlds collided magically, only to marry months after meeting each other. For the other group both Skiff and Eckle became Astronauts, or began to become them. However, Eckle was chosen to go on a mission by himself, this one would take him to the planet of an old friend who sent a message, feeling that there was going to be trouble involving their planet, as he knew someone connected with NASA had large planes for something dasterdly huge. The only problem was he had no clue how huge this plan was, nor the fact that his innocent message would cause the collision of two people, one with humans of Earth and one a Geniordian of Mars. Little did he know that an evil plan that would bring two worlds to possible war, and to choose different sides was indeed on its way. He had no clue that an innocent angel would fall into a trap made by a decisive betraying handsome angel that had the fancies for the one he was to hurt. That he was to bring her into this Universal uncivilized plan for power whether she agreed in such things or not. Now it would be up to a coincidental meet, that the actual warning can be sent, and an actual rebellion can be lead, before war of the worlds begins, and more lives are lost then is needed. The Universe was beautiful through the window today, about seventeen years after the events in which Chuck Baker left Planet 51. The now twenty four year old young adult golden blond hair Geniordian boy Eckle Stuart, who still wore his baseball hats backwards, liking the look on himself thinking it made him look dashing to women. You could swear he became another version of Chuck, but that is what happens when a kid is the president of his fan club, and the biggest fan of the Geniordian population. Suddenly a harsh voice startled him out of his stupor of the Universes beauty. Eckle, boy you got to be gentle with the landing…Kid you know your only alone cause your partner…\" \" Yeah yeah yeah…Got that Huston…yadda yadda and blah blah blah… I'm not a kid any more…Don't worry I'll be better than I was in the simulators. I'll not go all free wily, like a few years ago in the Navy jet planes and flying low towards the radio tower.\" \" You better be kid it's your neck on the line this time….\" Static was heard as Eckle pounds the dash of the small seventies style aircraft. \"Ugh just great the things busted again… Hu oh well\" he smiled quite wickedly and proudly. \"I love it all the better… Sky's the limits and no motherly boss telling me what to do and not do, I rule this thing, this ship yeah I own it. Now and I can play my own way.\" He takes a record out and flips it in his hands before placing it on the record player Taking care of business every day Taking care of business every way I've been taking care of business, it's all mine Taking care of business and working overtime Work out! He strums to the tune as if it is no bodies business and looks quite funny that if any spectators were around they would be laughing at how Eckle is dancing to the tune and rocking his head. He sings along not to bad and screams \"Yeah!\" or \"Woo\" every now and then along with the song, having a blast as his young life loves to have. Little did he pay attention that he was nearing the destination, and little did he notice till his spaceship started rocking that a satellite knocked his ship out of orbit from the area the message from their old friend told him to land that was secure. The space shuttle started orbiting out of control and spun all the way down to Port Hadlock Washington, where a terrified girl whose fate was sealed before she was five, was running for her life from an abuser who just raped her, wishing for her life to end and she could die soon, only not at her rapists hands. She had no clue how quickly her wish and prayer were to be answered, little did she know what was to suddenly become of the life she wished was over. DA DA DA So who is this girl? What will happen to Eckle? Why is this girl running alone besides rape and wanting her life to be over because of it? How can she escaper her raper before she is killed? Will she be crushed? Or will she have to commit suicide to save herself? Find out soon, next chapter you see her side of the story of the events of that morning and the previous day. Now I would like 2 Reviews before I post… So please post soon… Thanks again I always love reviews, I also love advise, I don't mind slashing or bashing... Only one rule is please don't swear, cuss or curse in a review please be civilized people when reviewing Thank You ;) :D ;D :) ... (Ok I've realized how bad my spelling and grammar was on here, I deeply apoligize, i should have taken longer correcting... Oh well that's life... I will work on all that soon... But I do want to note I have decided to add the next chapter for you guys... So it will be up shortly... I realized I never gave you a long enough story to get you hooked on the main parts, I'm sorry I gave you only the intro with a long fallowup... But I would like reviews before I continue... If my story needs some improvment I'd be happy to take a Betta, I'm a Sophmore in college taking hard classes So i will say I can't always post with the best corrections I'm a busy girl... I try my best to give readers a incredible story but with school being priority in my life I will ask that you be patient with me. I'm usually awesome with writing in general (even if English was not my strongest classes I still get and got A's, I also have less mistakes when I print something out, so I will try to print my stories out to correct them... I try my best to go back and correct more of the chapters or the chapters I post so if there are grammar mistakes I'm sorry and will fix when I can (Most likely weekends and holidays I'm at school or long holiday weekends I'll find short time for correcting... Thank you) Oh and if you love, like, think its awesome, or all of the above then go ahead and add it to Favorites and/or Alerts if you disire too and would like to know when I will post the next chapter... :D If you like my style of writing or my other stories then feel free to Favorite or Alert me as a Author you like :) Thank you for being such wonderful readers… For now TA TA… and have a wonderful day or night :D ;D :) ;)[Chapter 2] Disclaimer~ I do not own Planet 51 characters, some big movie company I'm to lazy to look up at the moment does. None of which appear in this chapter. However the movie company MGM or Universal maybe it was Dreamworks... It's one of those companies that own the rights to the planet and things that made up the story of Planet 51. I do own Jennee McCarthy, Delilah Connolly, Nepal Severino, and Ryan Mathew Knight... AND I OWN THIS STORY :) Please note: I split Prologue Part 2 into three seperate parts . It was way to long. Plus I'm 'extremly' sorry for this one being so long I have a long character description detail oriented stuff that you need to know to understand certian things on whats happening, why certian things happen... You know things that will help coming chapters make sense in all… So please read and done get mad. CONTENT RATING: IS MMMMMMMMMMM If that's enough M's to catch your attention ;) (Ok I just did all the m's for fun to be different... but I am serious). NO CHILDREN ALLOWED IN THIS CHAPTER…. Then Next 2 Prologues (P 3 & P 4) are pretty descriptive … It took me forever to correct this and write it because of how descriptive things were (its extremly hard for me to write this kinda stuff I mostly took ideas off of shows and movies)… Now I ONLY HAVE IN TH IS ENTIRE STORY PROLOGUE 2,3,4 BEING DESCRIPTIVE, THE WORST BEING 3 (PROLOGUE 3 IS NOT AT ALL SUITED FOR CHILDREN, OR ANYONE UNDER 15 OR 16) Prologue 4 is slightly iffy but has barley anything in it so it should be ok for younger readers I will say Prologue 4 might not be suited for ANYONE UNDER 13... THANKS FOR READING MY CONTENT WARNING :) Warning this chapter contains sexual touching.. And the look at the start of a rape. PLEASE REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW… And thanks for being wonderful readers ;) (sorry for the kinda gross chapter it was super hard to write it took well over two months.) ~The Monster of the handsome Angel, And Disastrous Destruction of an Heavenly Angel~ The Thunder Roars Above! \"MMm you know what Delilah I forgot one special thing.\" The hot football player like brunette with a well built robust body, and the look of a Norwegian Scandinavian Viking stated quite pleased with himself. He owned amazing brown eyes and a large smile that any girl fancied as their dream man. With the height of 6' 2\" not to mention the scrumptious muscles, and large enormous hands that were amazing when he wrestled or played football in high school sports. The boy was leaning on top of, an emerald green-eyed girl, fare skinned, and lips of an angel that glistened pink and red without lip-gloss or lipstick on. For this was its natural color and glow. Her complexion was of an elementary student, though her mind was that of an old women-knowing death at a young age made her grow up and mature young. She only had the childish ability to find good in the world deciding to hold onto that for her self sanity, during the moments her ability to chose was tampered with. She was so soft and beautiful, her brown hair flowed smoothly to her chest and down her back as it was medium long, shining golden brown in the sunlight. Which, in turn made her barely makeup covered face glow radiantly like an angel living on earth, that any moment could sprout wings and a hallow and fly away to heaven never to be seen on earth again. That is, she was not without her flaws. Such as a scar on her leg from a clam fork when she was digging with her cousins, who had been at fault for the clam fork making its way in her leg in the first place. Then there was the fact that she strangely owned child sized hands or feet, with the fact that her organs were all the size of a ten year old child, at least from what she took by most hospital or medical professionals meant by 'body looking peculiarly odd… different for you age'. She could even swear internally besides her height her body stopped growing when she was ten. There was also the fact that on the middle of her bra line was a mole the size of a small pebble or button. Another thing that made her not as perfect as her looks would make one think was the fact that her arms were double jointed from and two freak accidents with the same arm as a child during her early stages of development. This green-eyed human beauty, was so kind and sweet, she was a true beauty on the inside and it only was by the help of her internal flaws and biological truths. It was simply no wonder people believed her to be one of Gods angels on Earth making a difference one-step at a time. Though, in her mind she didn't think so. She highly disagreed with way everyone saw her and believed her to be, because in her view she could not see herself as the always smiling beautiful young women they all seemed to see. For those closest to her, and herself, knew she was more flawed then most people would believe or even come across in such fine lady in many other ways then simply physical. She was not all that perfect in truth. She struggled in school with ADD and short-term memory, since she could remember, though she was born with both genetically. The only exception was to her high school years where she hid it and acted like everyone else, refusing to let herself be seen as one of the kids with a learning disorder. This led her to succeed at whatever she did from that point on. Well that is until college came around, and that was a whole different ballpark. Her grades began to slip for a while during her first few quarters, only to come back up slowly yet acceptingly. For at least, she was not put on any academic sort of leave, and was currently a soon to be college Senior with the possibility of becoming a Super Senior in the following year. After all, in this day and age of 2026, the average graduation years was in the five to six year range. This young adult, had great shining hopes to become an FBI agent in years to come following graduation. Yet, she hated the fact that after graduation she would be forced into more schooling, and has to worry about passing the police academy before she ever could have hopes of finding an investigating job. Hours before she found herself lying unwilling underneath the man she once counted as a friend on a large bread. Had she been attending an old family friends wedding, where her whole life would literally slowly crumble and fall apart at its seams. The end of the life she loved and new, that she never once thought would be tainted so horribly and quickly, all unfolded within the last eighteen hours of her life. For when the timer sounds, she would have to make the choice between possible life or inevitable death. Even now as she lay under the man engrossing his entire lust for unholy taste of her skin, she knew attending this wedding was the biggest mistake she could ever make in her life. She had no clue how those thoughts were truer then she knew, by attending such a usually joyous gathering, echoed the final beats of her hearts drum down to hours. Less than eighteen hours after attending this wedding would she unintentionally find herself with three hard decisions. One, step out of the way and live for now till he catches me? Two, let myself be crushed and die painfully in an instant? Or the worst decision for me, three commit suicide and die a easy painless death? Only time would tell as to what choice she would make. Time would tell if her life final moments, would indeed be a death to remember. Now Delilah, had her own reasons for attending this ceremony that gave birth to many tragic incident took over the bowls of her life on such a day. This wedding happened to be good friends wedding. She was good friends with the fiancé, whom happened to be the boy she once in beginning years of high school had a slight crush on. The two were as close as could be if not exactly like twin siblings. Except for the fact that after high school graduation when life split them different paths, they found their deep bond had slowly dwindled and no longer did they see each other as much as they use to. Though, little did she know that another man, who became the epiphany and flaming dagger to her crumbling life, was also an attendant she attended hours before. He, just like the groom, had known Delilah for quite some time, their friendship did not truly bloom till Senior year, and when graduation came around, their friendship ended its short lived life. Surprisingly, the attachment they grew in the short days of there once beautiful friendship, never truly died with the lost flames of their distant connections. Little did she know that attending this marry event, caused the storm roaring in front of her was inevitable if not unavoidable. For this muscular hunks achievement in luring the young dame into his bed, spilled a new fate for her, one that he was a part of, and one that would change their life paths for what heaven created them for. A calling neither knew, but had a larger part in saving their world, even when it would be inevitable from this day forward they would become sworn enemies. This friend she had gone to grade school with her since seventh grade. Was one in which they equally shared their deepest secrets to each other. Strangely, it was funny that only a few people at their school truly knew how close the popular boy and the smart kind happy girl, who did not care about clicks, were. No one truly knew they were ever really close at all. It was when she was a Senior in high school, that this tuff hot sexy body builder boy asked her out, yet only after not being in any classes together since the seventh grade. She even noticed him talking to her just like before when they had classes together, only a month before her birthday, the same month he asked her out. One time their senior year, he privately face booked her about how his baseball practice went and how he was injured in the nuts by a highflying ball. She only sent a smirking face on her laptop and laughed. That is until her mother who was quite over protective, looked and saw what he said, finding herself also laughing at this. Strangely, she even encouraged them to begin a relationship. He was after all a good hearty Christian boy. The problem in Delilah's eyes was her mind was positive he did steroids, drank, and smoked pot or some illegal drugs. Thus, in her own opinion she had no interests, unlike previous years, in ever going out as a couple with him. During this facebook chat, she gave him advice on how to help his baseball injury. Though she was not pleased when he replied back those many years ago by making a joke and stating how she could come and treat it. She simply told him no, knowing what he implied by that statement. Even if he never intentionally meant to imply sex, it was still well taking that way by her, even if it could have meant a million of things that were inappropriate and she had no wishes for accomplishing them with him. This heavenly beauty, was not as into him as in previous years and only felt a friendly feelings for him. But these feelings became complicated, when he asked her out, during her birthday. His question could not have come that year at a worst time, because it toppled a million other stresses in her life, and in the end her birthday month before it even started began to feel like a crashing Stock Market. During the same time, she was a National Honor's Society Historian, Color Guard Captain preparing for championships, and a member of several choirs both auditioned and not auditioned with shows and competitions booking so many days of that same month. That single conversation, felt like the epiphany of what could send her to the horrible abyss. She could not even answer him strait if they ever were, for simply asking the question mess her whole thinking of them as friends up. When it came time for her to answer him, she dully replied that she could not, and explained how she literally had no time at all during the month and would like to but still couldn't. She even offered though it was weird to say it, making some date in May. He never answered back to her and she just let it slide, with the strange feelings he caused, never looking back on that day with regret. Having him at this extremely large wedding was even more awkward then she could have thought. For the moment she saw him creepily advance on her, her stomach jumped with the butterfly's danced inside, her heart raced, her mouth grew dry, she felt like hurling, and her mind became dull. What startled her most at their sudden creepy reunion was the fact of how baffled she was that he would even attempt advancing onto her. She felt more creped out that he was there, although she once trusted him, her more mature mind did not find him as healthy of a friend to have around. Unlike the true friendship, that was tender, sweet and a sort of puppy love all those years ago. More importantly as she attempted to take in the settings of the teal room with mahogany wood boards and floor. She had to think how she no clue how he ever got her into the guest house. The fact that he had a key to the guesthouse still boggled her mind since the moment he stated he had a gift waiting in the guesthouse. She could not even truly believe that anywhere near the wedding. For all she could remember was suddenly waking up with him carrying her inside to where her mind seemed to not have any control of saying 'no' to having sex. She had no control of her actions nor what nor anything else, except her free will mind and her control of her eyes. Something was different; in some unexplainable way, she could not understand nor comprehend. For somehow in there strange moments together, he found the ability to drug her. All she knew was that the moments before entering the room she caught glances of the thick hard woods. She caught the sound of a distant highway, the gulls squawking, and waves of the ocean rocking against the shore and the beach, in furious angry crashing moments. She caught the sounds of the ocean coming from the thinner thick forest that sloped down like a cliff from the open dry grassy yard. All she knew was it was in the middle of the woods, and not around the same tree that moments ago from what she could remember, he attempted to assault her, and was able to slip her a drug she could not remember taking. Nor did she know how he was able to romantically coax her to undress. Kiss him like she a wild beast that had never been kissed before. She had no clue how he was able to seduced her willingly out of her clothes. For once in her entire young life, she was naked with a man and kissing his naked body, feeling his penis glide along her before it would take over and enter without her true hearts permission. She knew he could have easily done something to her to make her breath something that made her give into his push for her so vulnerably, because how she was acting was unlike her. In fact, it greatly disgusted her own physical being. He was indulgingly sucking on her breasts while his penis was inches from her virgina entrance that he was about to penetrate in the orgasming female body bellow. She knew as her eyes clenched tightly shut, that all too soon his body would be rocking inside her, and she would feel deep blistering sweltering pain, with the most hated pleasure she could feel with a man she did not desire in bed. Delilah moaned in bliss as the man kissed her neck and was to cause her uterus lip too be broken in a moments time. Even if she had promised herself this would never happen to her, she would never be raped, nor have sex before marriage, even when her body was acting like she enjoyed it. She knew no matter how free willed tonight she was, one thing was fact, and she would lose the one thing she could never get back. She would no longer be a virgin. He kissed her ears and she screamed in bliss as she felt his penis tickle her opening and creep forward ready to throttle itself into the women's hanger, that it been dying to penetrate from day one of knowing her. The man was in utter control of the usually controlling women, exactly like the women in The Stepford Wives he had control of what she did for now and as long as the liquid worked. He knew this certainly was not against the law, she was not denying the sex even if it was because of him she was not, and they were of age. As he massaged her stomach during this sunset, he hoped more could come with this entire night, as he hummed in blissful glee of what was to soon follow. In fact, he had drugged her with a type of perfume like liquid, that currently lay throughout his entire body. It was actually a strange thing to him that the drug worked more when their lips met, for it seemed she had a better dose of it in her system through it. He felt like laughing wickedly, when he thought everything through as kissing her caused her struggling self to relax and go along with pleasure giving in to the drug. The sly brunet, had no use and wish to wear a condemn, and his choice not to was more obvious to Delilah's dulled mind when he moaned at massaging her stomach so gently and intimately. Looking up to her with a glare of pure evil, as if he had some evil plot that incorporated everything of this night. What she did not know was he wanted this girl, and if he could, he would make a reason for her to marry him eventually. She was the beauty men were always afraid to approach and he wanted at their old school to know she was his, only his, and always would be. Though at the time he was in high school it was simply wishful thinking, he was a kinder soft spoken guy who would not hurt a women back in those days, though recently his character had greatly changed. He squeezed her stomach once more, as the girl screamed from the pleasure he smirked at what this could mean for him if things of fate worked on his side. He could watch her have his child and be able to claim this body still young for all her years because of them creating a little child within it. Having a child could greatly become his leverage to keep the fair beauty his heart always adored with only him no matter if he was a Jekyll or a Hyde type of character. \"I'll try not to hurt you…Tell me to stop If it does.\" He reassured the women bellow him who he wanted to take before graduation. Sadly, at this moment, he was not even telling her the truth when he tried to reassure her hew would be gentle, he regrettably was lying to her. He laughed thinking how the plans worked before he kissed her. The only problem was the women under him was screaming her head off on the inside. This was not at all what she planned for the day of going to some wedding she was invited to. Now she wished she had not even gotten up that morning, she wanted to throw up on the side of the bed and fall unconscious, at least then she would not be aware of the things he was making her do. She was not acting herself, she was not wanting to do this. ' What caused me to be so willing and agreeing to his wants. What did he give me? How? How can I avoid what he's about to do?' Tears were about to cascade her face, here he was about to take her body and all she could do was lie their willingly. Soon she knew she was going to scream from the pain of him intruding her, and soon she would not be a virgin. \"Uh\" he moaned and grunted in ecstasy from the feeling of even touching her this way getting him stimulated while his sperm liquid spewed on her pubic hair, making her stomach feel sick. \"Uh, I'll have you forever Delilah. You'll never escape. Will be together always, I'll make sure of that.\" She gulped those were the words she did not want to hear from him, especially when she knew she was able to at least squint her face at his statement, and her throat turned dry in utter fear. How could my day have gone so wrong? She asked herself as he combed his large hands over her body and hair and wrongly intruded her mouth pushing so far and hard, controlling her moves. She desperately wished she could just start the day over and be done with this nightmare, before he rapes her completely, and takes her virginity. \" What did I do that could have made this day go so wrong?\" She cried to herself as she felt the collide of their bottoms and her body felt heavily pain stricken, as his tangling tongue would not release her own. She mumbled her cries of intimacy and stinging pain through her entire body, and attempted with all its might to escape through their connected mouths. ~Flashback~ It was about six when everyone was at the party and it was so large that you could get lost within it. Just then, the brown haired boy spotted the girl he saw at the ceremony, and his heart grew lustfully excited. He put his arm around her and sighed, \"So what's my Lei doing at this shin dig.\" He said kissing her ear with a little bite which got her to jump and turn a little a mad killing wolf, never had this fool tried such a thing, but he liked the reaction he got from her by doing it. \"Nepal?\" she said questionably before boy chuckled and took her into a swinging hug. \"You have not talked to me on face book in forever.\" \"You're never on anymore.\" He replied with a handsome smile that could cause the nearby girls knees to buckle if they did not already have boyfriends or dates that their love was focused on. \"Something I learned in college…well and avoiding a stalkerish creep or two…You never went to the rival school what happened?\" she asked questionably, worried for the boy she only saw as a friend. As she lingered in thought worried about what he did to her seconds before. He wrapped his strong arm around her but she wiped it off, as she moved a short bit in front of her he touched her bum and made her jump. \"Gosh what's with you jerk…We're just friends got that and nothing else I'm not that friends with benefits type either…You should know me by now, unlike some people I plan on being a virgin till the day I marry and that's it, no sex or anything…and I don't plan on making us anything but friends.\" She points her finger at him as they make their way outside and to the large back porch, with glass panels, where mostly nobody can hear them \"Honestly what's gotten wrong with you.. that kiss….uh…what was that about! Then you hit on me? Ugh you're as bad ass as a pervert!\" She throws her hands in the air and turns around staring at the glistening water that sparkles. She thought the sky and sun glistening off white caped Sound water this fine July day was quite beautiful. \"Lei…\" He gently says with a smug smile that she cannot see, as she held herself and was entranced by the beauty of the Puget Sound. \"Don't you Lei me! I know perfectly well, why you did not go to college or any other school! Even if most girls can't freakin figure it out…Your doing stuff aren't you?\" she pointed her finger accusingly refusing to take her eyes of the water her body so soothingly leaned against the railing in longing for something new to come of her life. \"I won't deny or confirm those words, as I'm not speaking about them. I do have a present for you if you follow me.\" \"Hu…You know perfectly well if you try anything your dead, imprisoned and I will kick your sorry tush till kingdom come.\" \"Wow you've gotten worst since I last saw you at graduation night. Where you looked smoking fine like I said that day.\" Delilah blushes bright red and looks quite childish at that comment. \"I loved it then, but that was still then. Let's say it took me that year to grow up and see who you were more….You don't think I was stupid not to get the meaning in the baseball injury even if you truly were hurt. You know my mom saw that message… She thought it was cute, but I didn't.\" She sighed and looked to Seattle, the Space needle though small at the distance, seemed to sparkle in her eyes and caused her to wishfully wonder to the puffy dreamlike white clouds that lay beyond it. \"I never enjoyed that seductive message!\" she silently grumbled in her obviously far away mind. \"Hu…I just love the way you do that.\" She let a large sigh of air pass her lips as she looked to the ground bellow, which was a slight drop to the beach, watching a little girl scream as a boy chased her with seaweed and the parents chuckled with laughter. At his moment she would give anything to be anywhere else but here, having this conversation. Yet reluctantly she had to. She had to tell him, she was no longer that innocent naïve girl who did nothing illegal. She greatly changed and he needed to know that, know he could not attempt to take her somewhere and seduce her heart and body till he found her naked in bed. Even young she knew what he wanted, and regretted the fact that she may have played his heart once or twice when he took notice to her. She loved him once, but they grew and she only thought of him as a big guy friend, there was no love in the words. No longer would she let her mind accidently lead on to making him think she would be taken by him. She thought he realized it was simply friendship years ago. Obviously, the memo never stayed with his bulbous mind. As she reluctantly looked up to his dreamy handsome muscular face and incredible deep brown eyes, she started and wondered why it was so hard after all the years to tell him what he needed to know. Her hands fiddled around, trying to suppress the sudden stress on her body. \"Listen.. I… I..\" she sighed looking down from his eyes this was too hard to say, yet she had to say it. ' Please if you're the courageous brave smart girl you know to be. Find some dang courage to say it!\" Finally with a look up to his clueless amused face she finally found the fire burning inside, and it all was thanks to the small laugh about to roll of his large manly lips. \"And I hate the ways you want to seduce me! I was glade a week after you asked me out you asked another girl! But, if you stinking thought I would date you or get jealous back then… well you could have forgotten it! I was over you a long time before that, before you started making those blasted eyes at me! Before, so many words from your mouth had God forbidden meanings! I'm sick of you and this hitting on me to get in a freakin bed! I'm glad I went to college cause I did not have to worry you'd try something! I thought by damn April of our Senior Year, your idiot mind figured it out, and for once acted like the kind waiting gentlemen, or friend. Well I guess the damn sun of a gun world of drugs and binging made you forget that, and the friendship we had, instead of this ass hole game!\" She was oblivious to the fact that her furious rampage enacted on him, caused him to back into one of the many patio tables set for the wedding and almost caused him to knock it over. He rarely ever saw her this mad. But, even he knew not to mess with her when she was like this. Though fear showed in his face, his deep dark brown eyes said another story. For they looked as mischievous as the moment he had arrived at this wedding, and filled with sweat seduction as the moment he saw his old friend. He knew if he was to get what he wanted and was ordered to bring in, he had to think quickly. Though, at a glance one may think he had little room in his brain for anything but dames and working out. Many even those close to him had little clue to how devilish smart he was. His clever wit had an evil seducing idea at that moment, and he knew it would take a lot of his innocent act to pull it off. Suddenly, he backed away from the patio and began to walk to the side of the house. \"I'm sorry I wasted your time.\" His voice said with the most sad guilt causing regretful tone he could make. Knowing if this girl was as caring as the girl she was at graduation, it would cause her to at least talk to him a bit longer. Her eyes stared at the sad man before her, she knew it could be a game; she did not need to see his face, which was smirking at the sound of absolutely nothing from her feet or body on the patio. She knew very well that it all could be a perverted seductive trick, and hated that her heart was as willing to help anyone as it was back in grade school. However, she could not help it he had been her friend. If anything, she wanted to know what changed him from a simple one liner hit on girls, to a take action and tempt them to the bed. Rolling her eyes, as he slowly shuffled his feet on the gravel, walking towards the rocks on a path she looked to the dark rain clouds forming above her and prayed. \" God if this is a sign from you, smite lightning in front of me and him. Stop me literally from doing this and following him, from talking to him, stop me now I beg.\" Thunder rolled overhead, and she regretted that because of the rain everyone was staying inside, the wind that blew her hair and dress making her smell the salty sea water, did not help the depressing mood of the sulking distance he was from her. \"Hu God help me!\" she whispered as she grabbed her forehead and shook it. \"Don't let me regret this.\" She moaned, as her feet took action before her mind could stop it, they had already begun to step down the steps he had walked down moments before. \"He… He... Hey Nepal… Wait!\" she said as the wind was slightly picked up and thunder roared somewhere in the distance, her short dress furiously moved with thewind towards the Sound and her body ached at the fact that she called to him. \"Hu… About that,… that gift you spoke of…. What may it be?\" She asked quietly, seeing the tall man stop, but refuse to look at her. If only she knew how malicious his smile was at this moment, and if only she could see, the evil glint in his eyes, would she have turned around, joined the wedding party and forgotten about the meet. Yet sadly, she had not, and worst was the fact that this man was an export at making his vocal emotions have different sound and meaning to them. \"Hu… it's at the guest house… If you wish.. you can.. can come… I… I'm sorry for being a jerk… I don't know what I was thinking… I'll be on the porch swing if you need me.\" Her guilty heart swelled like a killing gunshot wound. She did not know what to think of his voice it hurt her to think that he was this depressed because of her blowing up all the boiling rage on him. Could it be that I thought wrongly of him? For once did I accusingly judge the wrong book by its cover? She shook her head, whatever just happened, her willing soul needed answers. Without further thought of what could happen by following him, she took many elegant steps on the side rock path until she met the large stair like rock path, where a few steps away was what looked like a saddened man she once called a 'love craving friend'. As she joined him on the between the house and wood covered area the path led, he stuck his large strong hands out to her. A moment of hesitation over came her; she felt the cold nip of the chilly summer windstorm prickling at her uncovered skin. At first she only thing she could do was stare at his gentle gesture and listen as somewhere nearby ear piercing thunder roared and crackled like a warning of evils arrival. Yet she felt her mind was not taking into a count the storm that was rolling in that late afternoon. Her throat went dry and she felt dizziness at the idea of following a man somewhere she knew they would be alone. She hated his smile more than ever. As it was the smile that made her heart melt and reemerge in a cage of his own doing. Why did she ever have to have a crush on him? She asked herself as her eyes turned away. She wondered what would happen if she followed him. Her head turned to the party where even through the wind and storm she could hear the music pounding in the large house overlooking the beach. Her mind traveled deep into the thought, if her friends who were inside would wonder where she was and come looking for her. Her soul quenched for fate to have her date Ryan or her best friend Jenny come running out this moment and stop her from going with her high schools bad boy. Yet her heart could not even stop itself. He slightly chuckled not taking any note to the wind \"Don't worry we'll be back soon I promise, they won't miss us for a few moments.\" His voice sounded so trustworthy, though that is what anyone would expect of a man that she was sure he had become. Though, as she turned white faced in the dark afternoon to look him back at him in fear. Her mind and body felt pinned at the quiet gentle words \"Trust me!\" By the moment he said them, she felt trapped in an evil spell, not literally but if she could think of anything she knew never to trust was a questionable figure saying these exact words. Her heart pounded, her face body felt cold and clammy, her eyes stared at him with paralyzed stiffness, and sweat coated her back chillingly. Her mind was not at her control but in the control of her own dreams, as if she was a week girl, she slowly moved her hand and within moments, his large strong hand took hold of her small strong yet dainty child sized one. As it made a slow and steady touch to his rough palm. As if the heavens were infuriated with her action, the moment his hands closed on to hers, her innocent green eyes locked into his trapping brown hunter eyes, his smile of victory caught in her mind, the roaring thunder took hold above. The thunder was so terrifyingly loud that for several moments it caused her ears to ring as he led her up the path of wobbly rocks. As the ringing in her ears began to subside, her feet caught hold on the wet slippery rock, she found herself falling back. Yet as if a heroic moment in some romantic film, he kindly in a swift moment jumped back, caught her back and pulled her up with an ease. \"Careful the rocks can be killer!\" He laughed, \"I see you're the same klutz you always were.\" He slightly laughed, as her paralyzed mind only stared at him unsure of what to think and like she was a clueless dame, she began following him again, up to where the path went through the trees and cleared brush. Once they made their way through the wooded path, a grassy and somewhat large clearing came into view. Here sat the two-story guesthouse that was as beautiful as one could imagine an expensive beach viewed house to be. Nepal was taking in her scent for himself he adored the ting of her Ed Hardy Love Kills perfume. He saw her amazement of the beauty surround such a guesthouse, and took the moment to wrap his arm around her shoulder. She did not hesitate or revolt to which he smiled at his accomplishments through acting. Gently he began to lead her to the space out looking the large beach, which held underneath the balcony a large cushioned wood swing. They both sat, him plopping himself down, and her gently taking her time, pushing her dress back and then softly sitting slightly a few inches away from him. They both sat quietly and they watched through the large break of the trees, as the wind furious blew the trees and made them sway to the angered pushes, the beach. Both young adults sighed, her eyes stayed watching distant figures dancing along the beach in their own marry crazy minds of having fun during an obvious storm. As she slightly calmed her worries finding nothing wrong with the moment, she had no idea that the man besides her was not gazing at the sights she was laugh or gazing at, but was longing looking at her. His eyes watched her enticed by her figure and seeing the wind blow her hair so soothingly he could just see that smile looking up at him with the lust he craved. He could just slowly see each lushes relics on her body, his mind was tantalized at the thought of eventually feeling them, and hearing her cry for him in want. For he would soon get what his heart always craved. Tonight he would have Delilah for his own. As soon as he saw the calm expression on her face, he began bringing up memories of the past, talking with her about fun times or old teachers they once had. Making extremely sure, in his evil plot she would be enjoying his company, until he could unroll the full phase of his plot with her. Once she was relaxed enough to put his arm around her once more, though she was queer about, he pulled her in to his body, where she soothingly lifted her feet up on the swing and rested her head on his chest. Only a few seconds past before her mind began to relax, she closed her eyes and soothingly replied with a deep relaxed sigh, that made his eyes flicker with their success. Ten minutes passed, while he waited with her laying her head on his shoulder. He knew for what he was ordered to use on any girl to work, he had to allow them to smell the odered liquid he had covering his body. Then he had to make sure they were unknowingly taking in the substance to sooth their body and leave their physical actions to the wearers will. \"You know that gift I told you about?\" He quietly said in such a relaxed tone, one would think he was trying not to wake someone. \"Yeah?\" Nepal reached in his pocket to know what he felt and make sure it was there. He coolly like a devil smiles and tells her soothingly \"Do you love this spot?\" \"Yeah…\" she sighed, her breathing became soft against him, her eyes stayed closed, but only because the moment was so relaxing she felt like she could fall asleep. \"Yes very much so its… um… amazingly beautiful.\" She quietly said as she continued to fall into her drifting off daze, unsure what she was originally worried about was ever necessary. \"Can I ask something in return for the gift.\" \"It depends.\" She said in a harsher tone darkening her voice and slightly moving her head off his shoulder. As her eyes peered at him when hearing the tone in them, looking as if it were a threat to end his own life, exactly like a ravenous tiger about to pounce on its pray and end its miserable life. \"I get a small freebie for the two gifts actually that's one reason I brought you here.\" \"Hu fine, as long as it's not sex…\" Her eyes looked past the man as her heart sunk \"I have a date, you know… And… and I like him…. I won't let you ruin that… so now tell me what?\" \"Let's lay in the grass… I'm… I'm not quite ready to get it… and it doesn't look like it will rain. This place is too beautiful to not enjoy the nature of it with a friend before the rain comes.\" His voice cooed again succeeding in hiding the lust in his voice as he stared to the clearing she once had been watching. \"Hu fine. But… not for long, Ryan is probably wondering where I've gone off to.\" She answered in deep sigh rolling her eyes praying to God he did not try anything but finding it strange she was willing to do such a thing unlike other occasions in this situations, she had some feeling something was wrong with her own self, though she always found herself doing bizarre things when it was relaxed. \"But if this is a…\" \"No its not.\" Mentally he felt like laughing, he quiet remembered the musically talented boy Ryan during high school, him and most of his friends made fun of him, he danced and sang, many girls craved him yet his gang was sure the 'freak' was gay. \"Do you love him?\" He asked getting up from the swing and looking to her questionably, trying to hold back a laugh that would keep him amused for ages. She looked up confused wondering why he would even ask this. \"Y… Y… Yes.\" She said quietly looking back to the beach as she picked herself off the comfortable swing. \"Yes of course I do… Why would I be…\" \"No do you really love him.\" For once in a long time, had she heard the voice of the friend she knew she loved not the pulpous jerk she could see inside him. For once she saw the man she said farewell to at graduation. His eyes were full of heart and she knew what he was asking 'Is he the one?'Yet she did not even know, they only had just started dating six months ago, he was a teacher at a dance studio in Seattle, where they met at the coffee shop and began reconnecting. Yet even she did not know the truth to the question. As her glazed sparkling eyes looked up at his momentarily, not lusting eyes her mind was thrown into thought. \"I… I…\" she looked away. \"I should… I really should he's… he's every girls dream.\" \"And not gay.\" He huffed to which gladly did not reach her ears. \"He… he….\" She bit her lips \"He… he pays so much attention… he makes me feel li… like I'm special… he's so… so kind and… and gener… generous… I… I should say I should and do…. He loves everything about me… and is so talented and fun he knows what to do at the right time. He loves me, full heartedly loves me… And he…\" Her eyes skimmed away from Nepal for a moment. She knew this would be like telling an ex boyfriend exactly what her Ryan had done that was so special. She skimmed the grove of trees wishing something would appear that would stop her from making this confession. \"Paul…. He… He proposed.\" Her voice was so quiet and stiff, he could hear the unsurity and quietness in her voice, and for that moment just that moment, he felt himself become the man she once knew. \"Do… do you love him?\" he asked in pain as his eyes looked shocked to her body which at that moment flooded a few tears. \"Y… yes… I… I think I do.\" Her cracked voice expressed as she wished more than ever she had not come up to this house and had such a relaxing moment with the lusting man. \"When?\" He stated so hurtfully it could have been the whistle of the wind that could have helped add sorrow to his voice. \"What?\" she asked in a gasp as she looked to him and saw some pain. \"When… did… did… he?\" \"Yes… yesterday… in… in the park. It… It was all of a sudden… unexpected…. I… I did…\" \"Did you say yes?\" he asked as his body mentally wanted to die, in truth his real untainted heart wanted to break, yet how could it, when he was this monster. For all his heart knew was there was the women he loved since first glance of her heavenly smile, and he was hearing the words that another man was already taking her. This was jeopardizing everything he was ordered to do. How could his instructions be fully accomplished when another man was there to possibly take her heart. \"We've been dating for six months Ne…\" \"Did you?\" She saw the fear overcome his face as if she was suddenly and untouchable that he wanted to fully be with. She knew somehow in her mind that admitting such things to him would do something like this. \"I… I… I was too surprised, it was all of a sudden, I… I really did.. Did not know what to think… He just talked about… about our lives together.\" A slight laugh, with a small smile obtruded her cheeks before fading. \"He talked about our childhood acting and dancing in things together… how… how I once hit him… on stage… well for you know… when we were in Junior high… He even talked about how he almost told me he loved me and wanted to date during band camp before Amelia broke us up and he never had another chance. I… I… really had no clue what to think… I…\" \"Did you?\" He asked looking at her wishing she would not avoid the question, for once he prayed the answer would come. It would not change the events of tonight, but at least he would know if she had even given her heart fully away. \"No!\" she quickly said looking out to the Sound disgusted by her own answer. \"I… I told him… Hu.\" She sighed and looked to the sky for answers. \"I told him I needed to think… But… But I couldn't find any way around it… I… I was going to tell him… I…. I was going to say…\" \"Do you love him?\" He asked again, \"You said you should so don't you?\" His question was such a knife stabbing question. No she did not. She hated to say the words but he was everything she ever hoped for, and he understood her like no other, sure they were young, but she did love him slightly. Just not how she thought she would love a man. She did not feel the butterflies she though love had when she was around him. Though, no guy had ever brought true lasting butterflies to her. Even being so young, she feared not finding the right one and growing old and brittle, dying old without children or a husband, it would kill her before she even began to grow wrinkles. Ryan was her first boyfriend, it hurt her more to admit it but he was, she was always to scared of dating, and she was the only one of her friends who had yet to date. She wondered in this long moment of silence, in which her skin once again paled if she even should tell him. Yet reluctantly her mouth opened and began to speak. \"We…. I've told you… We've been dating for six months!'' \"Do you? It's a simple question do you love him? Is he the one that God has made for you?\" ' Oh why did he have to bring God into this? I've prayed and prayed countless hours and heard nothing from God, he won't tell me if he is. Though he speaks in my heart my heart has been freaking silent when I've asked, or thought about marrying and saying yes. Why? Why does he have to ask all the right things all the time?' She asked herself feeling anger towards him for asking it, she did not want to admit it, but his puppy eyes were causing her to melt at his will. She could not say no, no matter how she wanted to, she just could not leave the conversation with him thinking millions of things and spreading rumors through their community. \"I… I…\" she sighed again and massaged her forehead with her fingers the confession was too hard to say. \"I… Don't…. I mean I do… but… but not the way I should… I just… just don't want to end up alone… He's already made plenty of money through working his father's business shortly with the dance and a bunch of other stuff… We're young.. but… But I don't want to end up an old women alone… I've not dated till him and you know that dating was hard for me. I just… No, you know I want to, I really want to but I never feel it, feel the deep feeling you should have. I want him… But… but I'm afraid I… I don't…. Nepal I do not know… I fear this is my only chance… and if I give it up no one else will… will come… I… I cannot explain it… I should… I hate myself for not answering and loving like I should… he's every girls dream successful, caring, works with charities, loves animals, wants to start a family, adventurous and fun…\" \"But you don't love him.\" He stated so forwardly as he began to sit on the green grass with a heavy sigh. Delilah began to follow him, tears streaking her face as she laid next to him and his arm comfortingly wrapped around her. \"N….no… You should hate me… cause I… I'm saying yes to someone I don't.\" \"Deli…. You… You're better than this… better than him, why do you trap your life with some…\" \"Because, I'm afraid I'll run out of options if I do.\" She said as she wrapped her arms in hated tears. \"How can you ask when you don't understand what it feels that the perfect person can slip out of your hands in seconds?\" She was right he did not know what it was like, and was sure he never knew. All he did was listen to her tears as she slowly settled down and even though the stormy clouds was all there was to watch. He closed his eyes as she settled and laid comfortingly into him, and he waited for the moment to begin the next phase. During the quiet moment, Nepal reflected with a smug smile as he hummed to the fact of how he had witnessed a peak at what's underneath her dress. He felt like moaning at the memory of the hot striped with lime green lace underwear. While they sat there and listened to the rustling trees in what should be a tender moment instead of one that sugar coated a maniacal plot. Nepal made sure the women relaxed in against his body drifted to an even calmer state, this time waiting over thirty minutes, before he pulled something the exact plastic item he hid in his pocket. \"Now remember you said I can have the freebies as long as I don't take your virginity.\" His voice smugly answered, as it slightly woke Delilah from her dazed dreams she slipped into against his warm body. \"Yeah…\" She tiredly asked not wanting to be reminded. \"Well I need you to close your eyes and not react.\" She deeply sighed but listened, praying it was nothing. While the smirking burnet made his way over her body, and kneeled over the girl's elegant dress. He lifted her dress over her stomach, and lightly stocked a finger over the fabric of her underwear. The motion at first made her shiver at the touch, but to her despise her body feeling in which caused her stomach to clench and her body to be filled with deep pleasures, she moaned and giggled. Her eyes quickly opened and she sat slightly up, deathly glaring at the figure sitting over her. He caught her watching him with a disappointed 'I'm going to kill you' look. He only sighed and smiled \"Don't worry I promise you I'm not doing anything. You are not engaged yet so I'm having some fun. Just close your eyes and whatever I do, do not open them. This will be over soon I promise.\" His smug smile made her feel uncomfortable, but she felt too drossy and tired to run for some reason. She did not even feel she had the energy to fight, so without a liable reason to be able to fight him, she reluctantly laid back down and closed her eyes, praying to God that it was absolutely nothing. Lightly he took her Victoria Secret underwear down to the girls knees, kissing around her legs as he went up to her nice pubic area he died to touch. Once he reached it, he began fervently with deep strength kissing and licking the pubic hairs, nibbling on the sensitive skin. Only to stop and smile when he felt her body tighten and lusciously heard her deeply lustfully moaned a lushes moan. She moaned even though she hated it , she did not back out on promises and he was not harming anything or going against her promise by doing this. So inpatients and prayer that he would not go against what she asked of him, she sat their waiting wishing she was not feeling deep tempting feelings from his oral sex against her. She moaned and groaned amazed and filled with energy when his tongue licked her opening, slightly discussed when she realized what he was doing. She could not help her body from wrongly enjoy what it should not enjoy. He continued to nibble for another few minutes around this area before picking himself up and letting the girl sigh and catch her breath thinking it was over. She breathed heavily as relief filled her, she did not want anything else to come out of this, yet she knew there would be more to come. Just as she predicted their regrettably was, he stuck two fingers into her virgina opening and she screamed feeling unsure with what he was doing. All the same, it caused her to moan in worst sexual pleasure, her toes to curl and legs slightly kick while fists clenched and back slightly arched out of surprise and pleasure. Her reactions only worsened like a jolt of electricity coursing through her body, when he suddenly came to her side with his large strong lips and began roughly kissing her neck, making his way to her lips. All to soon he crushed his large lips upon her small red lips, and took over in a strong motion the action that should truly be gentle not rough that it would cause tears to come to her eyes. Her eyes clenched he was so furiously kissing her that she wanted to scream but could not find her voice he was chocking her with the kisses, nothing would make it through. A strange odder caught her attention. It was definitely an extremely strange smell, that was dulling her senses, she felt each breath she was losing more and more of herself into a dulled almost mental sleep. She could not explain how a strange scented odder could be clamming her capability to argue against Nepal, all she could do was feel her heart become scared of the smell so protruded yet unavoidable, that came from Nepal's body. Only fear came through her, for what he was wearing this strange cologne and what his true intentions were. For her mind concluded one inescapable fact, she would not come out of this day a virgin. This continued for some time, until she showed signs similar to someone who needs some sleep, and Nepal smirked, seeing her drifting to a dull stasis was all he needed to know the affects of the liquid were working. \"Now honey, I'm going to need you to do something for me.\" He said, as he was thrilled to see her back arched at his touch with such simple sexual touching. This was something he waited to see for years, but more importantly, he loved the fact that she was at his control like the Phantom was of Christine, or a maestro to an orchestra, he was having her slowly become his to control. He carefully took his fingers out as she moaned out of regret from removing his fingers that filled her with joy she never felt before. She slowly in her dazed state began catching her breath wishing she just could sleep for her mind was to distant to stay awake. \"Now your first present.\" He begins to slowly unzip his pants pulling them down and looking to the bulge on his underwear. \"Promise not to ever open your eyes for this one.\" He states in a whisper that was eluding enough to make her wonder, and regain the vocals of her voice. For fear stirred, enough inside her that she wished had not just exposed himself to her weary body. \"Why not?\" She asked confused tilting her head wishing her heart would be pounding as if it were to explode, because she feared what he was to do while his body was over her unclothed bottom. He huffed as if tired of how long things were taking and shook his head. \"Just promise.\" She nods slightly wincing as she does from the dark vocals of his voice. He grabs her hand then takes the other as he makes sure he's laying besides her. \"There's something that's always belonged to you and no one else.\" He kissed the top of her head, which she shook off trying to resist the million ideas that this could be leading too. Wishing her mind would wake up in bed and it was just another day. He slowly moved her hands to his spandex like underwear then places his hands in back of her's so she can and would hold on to what he was wanting her to grasp. \"You feel that.\" He said as he clamped her hands to penis moaning from the touch \"Only for you and your heavenly smell does this happen.\" He moaned again to her regret, as he kept her hand there and she wanted to squirm but his grasp on her hands was to strong and almost crushing. \"I want to have you know what truly feels for you since seventh grade together.\" he said kindly trying to sooth her almost struggling self. \"Don't worry I'm not doing anything.\" He stated \"I brought you here to listen and see the beauty.\" Then he uses her hands to pull his underwear plain and white down, moaning while he guides her short nailed fingers along his pubic area softly to cause feelings of pleasure to fill him. Although, she likes the feel of his skin she admits deeply to herself and shows it slightly in her face she that this was too much. \" I do like the feelings of his kind hands on a normal occasion, or his arms but… but… but not this way.\" She thought while a cold breeze from the beach below followed up the hill and blew her short raised dress, being an aid in what caused her body to shiver from cold and the ideas of what he was attempting and how she could not will herself to get up and leave. He lets out a sigh of relief while there is a squirm from Deli who keeps smelling the strange smell that's causing her to relax more and more losing her will to fight his sexual nudges. Her small hands are placed on Nepal's butt cheeks as he bounces them up and down to hold his firm cheeks that he flexes and lets go. \"Mmm yes.\" He cries knowing the liquid perfume type of chemical mixture all around his body was helping him finally have his time with the girl he never fully could get but disserved. As he held her hands there, he brought his kneeled leg over her body and kneeled over her chest, lightly bringing his mouth to her smooth unjagged lips, opening them up, and sticking his tongue inside her lips. Kissing her so intimately, tasting her mouth and taking it over as she was helpless bellow him. Feeling disgusted at the feeling of a penis touching her covered abdomen, and wanting to barf in Nepal's mouth as he stuck his tongue so far back it caused her to moan. She felt sick internally, wishing it was just a bad dream from bad shrimp at the reception, and she fainted from the waiters' tray smacking her or some accident at the reception. \"Now this is what you must feel and love my thing is like this only with you. He takes the small child sized hands with blue painted fingernails and carefully wraps her fingers around the long huge curving penis. \"Uh…oh yeah…I love you Delilah….mmm say it isn't so that you finally feel this.\" Well I wish it was not so She thought as she smirked slightly outside the gaze he had of her mouth actions in his strong powerful moves of kissing her. He moved her fingers over the opening where the sperm came out and let the sticky liquid come out around her legs and onto her hands. Slowly he removed his mouth, and to her disgust moved his lower body over her face and placed his thing in the girls mouth who was tearing up knowing now what he truly was doing, without her true consent, he never even asked.' \"Oh…oh…oh….yeah…Is…isn't this a great spot for this the beauty of it.\" Delilah felt stupid for coming here alone; she went against what she was taught not to do when you're unsure about someone, now she paid the price. She heavily smelled the liquid that was making her feel flimsy but turned on and out of her normal conscious state and noted it forever to mentally be the hatred of her life. As the scent indulged her more she began to actually get playful with the item in her mouth sucking or licking it in strange intimate ways that disgusted her mind, and made her want to die to know she even knew how to do such things. \"Finally you take it Lia.\" He kissed her forehead as he kept his thing in her mouth moaning from pleasure. As she moaned from his hard kisses and bites currently on her ears, she backed her mouth slightly away from the penis. Only to grotesqly lick it up and down. After caching a short breath she completely released his penis, and began kissing all around his pelvic area, she lightly kissed and licked putting the man in more pleasure and moans of a male orgasm. \"That's my girl finally you understand.\" He proudly stated with a deep evil smile on his handsome strong lips as he took in her intimate motion. He lifted her arms above her head and laid over her allowing his sperm to ruin parts of her dress. He took the inside of her mouth and took his sperm that still existed inside her mouth into his, by exchanging saliva. It disgusted the uncontrolled mind of Delilah inside she was suffering from her loss of control over herself. More and more she wished to jump up and kick him, running away from this place in tears and find comfort in her closest friends, but her legs and body refused to listen to her, the more time went the less control she had of any of her body's actions. \"Now open your eyes.\" The boy stated happily with what he accomplished \"And sit up.\" She did so but everything was as if the earth was spinning. \"Good now look at what you have in your hands.\" Sure enough she was holding onto a large penis and it was curved out of joy for herself she knew. \"No matter who's in your life this has been for you. Now your last present.\" He chuckled and took something out of his dropped leg pocket. \"I'll put this in your hand but I want to do something I quiet enjoyed before you open your hand.\" Something in a plastic bag is handed to her and she feels some fingers dig into her as she moans and cannot focus on what is in her hand. The man then goes to nibble and licks her roughly, as she moves her legs in joy but is utterly hating her treatment. \"Mmm yes my baby you can say all the pleasurable things you want.\" He groans as he finds joy in her arching back and clenching fists, with the excited moving legs that have curling toes. His tongue reaches inside her opening and she tears up but knows the party was too far for people to hear. \"Now look and answer.\" She knew what was in her hands and sure enough it was a condemn. \"Never!\" She stated silently from the lack of control she had of even speaking, as he chuckled madly like a super villain in an old television cartoon. \"You bastard you'd do this to me.\" She silently out of her breath angrily states. \"To the women I love and want forever with, even earlier then her body is mature and mine is aged completely to full adult hood, then yes.\" \"NO!\" \"Oh\" he roughly places her hands above her head as she tries screaming but is taken over by the mouth and is forced to French kiss and smells the fumes that covered his body, till she stopped complaining and was a bit tamed with the drug he had over him. Her body grows limb and unconscious dropping the item in her hand as Nepal smirks \"Perfect.\" With and evil smile and chuckle in his voice. He picks up the limp body of the girl, places it in the truck that went driving off onto the street and away from the party. End of Flashback (TO BE CONTINUED) (The present circumstances are to be continued in Prologue 3: \"What is death? When you are already dead inside?\") DA DA DA NEXT CHAPTER WARNING, THE FULL RAPE HAPPENES IN CHAPTER 3 SO BE WARNED… NO CHILDREN READING CHAPTER 3 Also the rape scene in this story, is kinda taken off one of Reese Witherspoons early films though I wrote this so long ago I forgot the name of it... it's about some new senior dude who I think becomes the schools sports star, whose hot, coming to town then picking her up, and all these things happen, he and his friends turn out to be phsyco sex craving murders and he rapes several women (I know it sounds realy bad, its an amazing scary thriller I watched in 7th or 8th grade slumber party with friends as we wanted something scary, and it was on ondemand... still remember my good friend say \"I'm going to hug my dad when I get home... and kiss my little bro... I'll hug him to death.\" if you know what movie I'm talking about I'm sure you know what I'm refering to and why she said this and we all agreed. The rest is takin off movies that I wish I rather not have seen, but don't we all sometimes... The rest is taken from some CSI, CRIMINAL MINDS, NCIS, COLD CASE, and several others of that type actually most of this scene and the next chapter were taken from those shows cause I'm addicted to cold case and all those criminal justice shows... Ok so next chapter… Yeah the hated rape…. And you find out a little bit more about what this stuff well 'liquid' is (the liquid is partly one of the arcing elements of the prologue, after this you wont hear or see of it for some time, but it will make a comeback (don't worry not in a raping way... I couldn't write something this way again 'shivering and wincing face')…. ALSO Someone ;) tries to concur the drug ;) will she succeed? Ok I'd like reviews…. But please be civilized I worked really hard on this like I said it took me forever to right and have the strength to go through it and correct it… And if you bash don't be harsh about it.. Thank you. Review…. Have the next chapter up shortly…. I just want to get them out of the way so I can post the real story… Thank you… If you want me to add anything just let me know Farwell for now… Ta Ta ","Summary":" One Small Step and Giant Leap of Faith! Disclaimer: I do not own Chuck Baker (though I own his whol"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Romantic Drabbles","Author":"Vema","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6611198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stopped by: Vema I loved him; I didn't realize until it was too late. Here it was, time to go. His green arms slid around my waist, and I knew, and there was no time. Time had been against me since I'd arrived on this planet. My heart burned and burst inside my chest, lost to the alien who'd saved me. My arms slipped around his shoulders, holding his small frame securely. It would be so easy, so natural to kiss him, his exotic smell filling my nostrils. But through my half closed lids I saw her watching, her expression easy to read – shock. I couldn't do it. And I'll never forgive myself. ~fin[Chapter 2] Dreamscape by: Vema The dreams had haunted Chuck for months. He longed to see the bright green eyes glittering the alien suns, to feel the smooth verdant skin beneath his hands. Lem was never far from his thoughts. At first, Chuck hadn't understood; the dreams had left him with a sense of benign longing, fierce but undefined. It was months before he's comprehended, when his dream-self had scooped the smaller man up and kissed him, slow and sweet and lingering kisses that made him blush when he remembered. It was those dreams Chuck concentrated on as the stars wheeled past on his return journey. He was going home, and nothing would take him away again. ~fin[Chapter 3] Waiting By: Vema The stars couldn't hold any joy for Lem since Chuck left. Every night, when the twinkling lights filled his eyes and he remembered the human's words, he had to look away before the tears spilled over. Space had stolen his only love; he knew he had been blind to his feelings, but now he couldn't see past them. His relationship with Neera hadn't lasted. She'd seen it before he did, told him that he'd never be past the excitement. And every night he stared at the night sky, dreaming of Chuck's arms around him, crying himself to sleep. ~fin ","Summary":" Stopped by: Vema I loved him; I didn't realize until it was too late. Here it was, time to go. His "},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Planet 51 2","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8588899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my very first Planet 51 fic ever, I just saw the movie today and it's my first time too...anyway while I was watching it, I noticed that Skiff was acting kinda gay Date: August 15 Rated: K Pairings: Skiff/General Grawl, Lem/Neera (Slash) The reason I paired these two together is cause I think they a pretty good couple plus I watched the movie, I studied the two and thought\" This could work Hope you enjoy this one and remember to have fun After Chuck returned to planet Earth, General Grawl gave a salute wishing him good luck, \"Fealwell, Chuck\" Lem said looking up at the sky Neera put his hand on her boyfriend's shoulder, Lem noticed and put his hand in hers Skiff looked at the two and a tear came down his face He looked at the 46 year-old man and wondered what his name was, he looked over him and thought that he could be the man for him Pretty soon everyone went home but Skiff and Grawl Grawl then turned his head to Skiff and walked over which made him really nervous \"He's coming over...relax\" He said in his mind Grawl stood in front of him looking down at him \"Hello\" He said in a nervous way \"Greetings...I'm General Grawl..and you are\" He said introducing himself \"Skiff...my names Skiff\" He said rather nervously They shook hands and Skiff cleared his throat, he never felt this kind of love before other then Rover The parted ways then Grawl left, Skiff was left all along now that everyone had went home He looked at his hand and smiled then something hit him, he had to work in the morning so he ran home, it was almost 7:00 and had to be at work at 6:30 It took him about 45 minutes to get home, he opened the door and went inside then he called out to Rover He was in the living room sleeping that is untill he detected Skiff's voice, he lifted his head the raced to him Skiff saw him and bend down with his arms wide open Rover rushed into his arms and knocking him down Skiff patted his head which made him wragged his tail He then went up stairs to the bathroom,turned on the shower knob on and began to take all his clothes off then jumped in, he got a towel then started to wash his body After 45 minutes of showering, he got out and wrapped himself around with another towel then he went out of the bathroom and went to his room He layed out his pajamas on the bed, he took the towel off of him revival his full green body He got his pajamas and put them on then went and turned off his light He yawned as he walked to his bed, he pulled back the covers and got in but he didn't go to sleep right away, instead he placed his arms behind his head and stared at the ceiling thinking about Grawl When he was talking to him, he looked and sounded like the kind of person that could protect him from danger and to always be there for him He then giggled at the thought,he hopped to see him again He felt so happy that he fell asleep Hope you enjoyed this chapter as mush as I did More chapters coming up soon Please Review[Chapter 2] This is my second chapter of Planet 51 2 Rated: K Pairings: Skiff/General Grawl, Lem/Neera (Slash) After a good night sleep, he was awake got out of bed and streached his back He then went inside his bathroom and brushed his teeth & wash his face After 45 minutes, he came out of the bathroom and back into his room He took his cloth off of his bed and put them on then walked back out of the room He went downstairs and Rover came riding to him Rover beeped and blooped and Skiff's looked at him \"Rover...I can't play with you right now\" He said kneeling down and patting his head He again beeped and blooped in sadness then Skiff went out the door He saw everyone driving to work, he walked to his car and got in then went off to the Comic book store It took not but 12 minutes to get there He parked the car in one of the parking spots and got out then went inside the shop He changed the sign to open and went in the back of the counter then just to read a comic He flipped through 2 pages and the bell rang...it was Lem and Neera, they were holding hands Lem and his girlfriend saw their friend and walked over to greet him \"Hey..Skiff..what's going on? Lem Skiff looked up at the two \"Hi..Lem..just working...you two here to buy a comic? He said \"No..we're just checking if your doing alright\" Neera said \"Thanks..I'm fine by the way\" Skiff said \"Well...I don't want you to keep you from working\" Lem said Skiff laughed and said his good-byes to the two as they walked out of the store He went back to his reading until another customer came in Skiff put his comic down again and looked at the person only this person was the same guy he met but he was wearing a bright shirt and blue pants He walked up to the counter and smiled at Skiff \"How're you doing?\" Grawl said wearing his usual \"Fine...what about you? Skiff said \"I want to know what love is...please help me \"He said laying his hand on the counter \"Why should I help you?\" He crossing his arm \"You gotta...please\" He said begging him \"You kidnapped my dog, Rover\" He said smirking angrily \"I'm begging you please help me\" Grawl said Skiff saw the tears in his eyes and sighed \"Okay...fine\" He said \"Thank you\" He said smiling at the manager He was so happy that he laid his hands on top of Skiff's Skiff felt the touch again and looked at Grawl hopelessly, his manly face, beautiful hair and strong arms Grawl did the same and looked at each other's eyes then Skiff looked at Grawl's hand on top of his and swollowed his gut half-smiled Grawl put a finger under Skiff's chin and forced him towards his face, leaned in and kissed him Skiff then saw his life flash before his very eyes and gave in to the kiss, it lasted for 15 seconds then Grawl pulled away leaving the other male speechless \"I'll be waiting outside by the door\" He said before kissing him on the cheek and walking out the door Skiff slowly smiled and blushed...for once in his entire life, he had found the perfect man Soon it was 2:30 and no one came in the store Instead of being sad, he was happy because he never been in love cause a boy like him never had someone to care for except Rover, never thought there could be someone special for me now I'm all in love cause a boy like him waited patiently for someone, someone to care for me and there will never be no more lonely, no more just him, he've been there before and ain't going no more and now that he's here he never wanna say goodbye love, never wanna be without you, no denyin', I'm in love with you and now that you're here I never wanna say goodbye love Now it's time for him to find out what a first time love could mean little scared but its cool cause it's worth it, now I finally fell in love and I know that it gots to be for real, It's the way that I feel..so come share my world with me and there will never be Skiff got out from behind the desk and went outside Grawl was standing right where he said he was and Skiff just looked at him So I'm standing here and ready to give my heart He's sure this time that love's gonna last for life and knows that things change and there might be some rain but the clouds are gonna fade and the sun is gonna shine again, shine light on our love baby...so let's make their love last forever Skiff kissed him on the lips this time \"So this is what love feels like?\" Grawl asked when the both were done kissing \"Yes\" He said putting a hand on his cheek \"Well..I like it\" He said smiling \"Hey..Grawl\" He said \"Mmm\" He said sweetly \"Want to go on a date tomorrow? He said out of the blue cause it had been only two days since they met \"Well..the thing is that I have a meeting at the military base Skiff went form happy to sad but Grawl put a hand on his shoulder and gave a small kiss on his cheek \"Hey..cheer up..what if you come with me\" He said smiling \"You mean..\" He said happily \"Yes\" He said smiling then rubbed his cheek down \"We'll..until then..we can just hang out\" He said sweetly \"I'd like that\" He said blushing Skiff smiled and took his hand then waked the streets Lem and Neera walked beside the two \"Hey...Skiff\" Lem said \"Hey\" He said Neera looked the one who was holding Skiff's hand \"How's your friend? She said smiling Skiff cleared his throat and shows her his hand that was whole with Grawls then she understood and cleared her throat \"How's your boyfriend?\" She said going back on her word \"Everyone..this is General Grawl\" He introduced him \"Greetings\" He said before shaking both of their hand \"We just started a relationship\" He said holding his big muscular arm \"Good for you...Skiff\" He said cutting in the conversation \"Sorry to break this converstion but me and Lem have to go to dinner..Lem's dad owns a restaurant on the otherside of the street and I was hoping that we could have like a double date\" She suggested \"That's great..you hear that Grawl?\" He said looking at his possible boyfriend \"I don't know\" He sadly said looking down \"Aww...please..think of it as our first date\" He said while smiling with the puppy-dog eyes \"You got a point there...okay...how's hungry? Grawl said Skiff smiled and kissed him once again on the cheek Grawl just smiled at his lover \"Great..so this could be like a double date\" He said after he took Neera's hand \"Come on...let's eat\" She said after giggling before the four walked on to the restaurant Hope you liked this and if your wondering the song is Never Say Goodbye By Jojo...I totally love is even if I'm a 19 year-old boy Sorry...but I have to give Grawl a soft side cause needed to get in touch with his feminine side anyway, especially after how macho he acted in the film More chapters coming up Remember To Review[Chapter 3] This is my third chapter of Planet 51 2 Rated: K Pairings: Skiff/General Grawl, Lem/Neera (Slash) Lem's looked at Skiff and was about to ask him a question but decided till they sat down \"Isn't this great Grawl...the four of us eating dinner together The General just looked at him and smiled \"Yeah...this is going to be fun\" He said kissing him cheek , walking hand in hand The four went to the restaurant and Lem's dad was the waiter He was checking the board when he saw his son, his girlfriend and two others \"What's up Lem\" He said when they approached him Hey dad\" His son said holding Neera's hand His dad smiled but when he saw the others, he asked who they were \"This is my best friend, Skiff and his boyfriend Grawl \"It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance\" He said to him \"We came here to eat\" Neera said \"A double date\" He guessed seeing the separate couples Skiff nodded and the waiter approached them making Lem go into shock when it was his mom \"Hi Lem dear\" She said \"You work here...now? He was cut off my a hand on his shoulder by his girlfriend \"Lem...let's just go\" She said looking at him interrupting His sayings \"Yeah...I'm starving\" Said to him \"This way dears\" She said showing the four to their table The table was against the wall in the middle to the left and they sat down in twos After, they were done eating, Skiff told the story about how him and General Grawl met and fall in love. Lem and his girlfriend were listening very good while the General looked at his lover and smile gracefully \"He's perfect\" He thought then when Skiff put his hand in top of his, he did the same Just then, the song \"Somebody To Love by Leighton Meester started to play on the radio and everyone got up and danced with their partners \"Lem...come on, let's dance\" Nerra said pulling his hand guiding him to the floor Skiff and General Grawl went to the floor as well and the four danced then Grawl got his lover in a dip making his smiling and got him straight up again Grawl & Lem were hold their lovers close enough to hug them but Skiff felt his warmth, smiled filled by closing his eyes and put his arms on his back Meanwhile, Lem's mom and dad were continuing to take orders and get customers then when they were done for the night, the mom called out to her son to tell him that it's time to go \"Time for my me to get going\" He said giving his girlfriend a kiss on the cheek before getting outside to the car and they drove off She turned too the two lovers and said that she had better get going as well then she leaved The two looked at each other and just sat down, talked for a little bit before Skiff offered him if he could stay with him Grawl hear these words and blushed then noticed the braces in his mouth \"How don't had you had those things in your mouth? He said Skiff knew what exactly what he was talking about and covered his mouth feeling embarrassed but felt a hand on top of his making him uncover his mouth It's okay...I like it\" He said smiling It was then they were completely in love \"What do you say we go back my place\" The small alien said while flitting with his green hair \"I'd like that very much\" He said before both getting and walked out of the restaurant hand in hand Meanwhile, Lem was riding home with him parents, his mon was driving So...son, things going well with you and Neera? His dad with looking at him with a smile Yeah...it's going great\" He responded to his dad who smiled back then faced the front as the three drove home. Since Grawl didn't have a car, Skiff offered to drive him so both got into the car and Skiff slid his hand over the Generals clueing that he really care for him then they drove off to the house Rover was rolling around the house until 4 minutes later, he heard the door-knob jiggle and he knew it was his current owner so he wagged his antenna \"Rover...I'm home\" He said as he was coming in and closed the door after Grawl passed When Rover came eye-to-eye with his own, he was about to ride up to him but once he saw Grawls face, he rolled back as to being scared of him Right then, Skiff knew what he was scared of so he walked over to him and kneeled down \"Rover...you don't have to be afraid\" He said easing his mind then Grawl came up to him making the robot cuddle up to his owner so the General kneeled down as well \"It's okay..Rover, I'm not going to hurt you\" He said in a calm way then the robot slowly rolled up to him making the owner scoot on his knees to his lover but once he got close, Grawl looked at Rover then at his boyfriend \"What're you looking at? He said nervously I never seen such beautiful eyes before\" Grawl said smoothly while looking deeply into his eyes \"Well...thank\" He started but was cut off my a kiss on the cheek which sent the others heart shoring \"Well...we better get to bed\" He said Skiff agreed after yawning then both went to his room with Rover following behind He then pulled back the covers and both got into bed until Skiff noticed he had his clothes on and not his pajamas, he asked why \"I don't have any\" He explained facing him Just then, Skiff decided to buy his boyfriend some Pajamas with the money he made from work Thanks\" He said smiling before cuddling up to his lover and going to sleep, Skiff as well...seeing that he had found the perfect man just like Nerra did What will happen in the next chapter...stay tooned for more and be sure to comment, fav or alert this story or me ","Summary":" This is my very first Planet 51 fic ever, I just saw the movie today and it's my first time too...a"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Are you, are you coming to the tree?","Author":"angelofthelightanddark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13169037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"The wind is icy, whipping across the tiny town, through the crowd that gathers just outside its limits, beneath a tall oak where a wooden scaffold stands, ominous in the dawn./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Most of the town is here to see a witch hang, the rest are either in prison themselves or watching over the prison./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"From the edge of the crowd, Prudence watches the girl, Mary, trembling at the scaffold, her white dress fluttering in the wind. Tangled brown hair ghosts about her pale shoulders, blue eyes wide and fearful./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"She's seventeen and foolish, barely allowed to start her life before it must now end./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"She's brave, but bravery matters not when faced with human terror and fear of the unknown. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Prudence smiles beneath her hood, green eyes fixed on the figure who will drop from the scaffolding in mere moments, and then Prudence will catch that tainted soul, savor its sweetness, devour it with relish./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Mary sees her, screams in terror, and faints. She's revived none too gently with water minutes later and Prudence is beside her, watching. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"em style=\"mso-bidi-font-style: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Are you afraid? /span/emspan style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"span style=\"mso-spacerun: yes;\" /spanPrudence whispers, for Mary's ears alone. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"She only whimpers in answer./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Gone is the bravado, the brave face worn as a mask to protect herself from this crowd of humanity set astray. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Prudence wraps her arms around Mary's shoulder's, unseen and unfelt by any save the girl who shakes as the noose tightens./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"\"Any last words, lass?\" the hangman asks. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"\"I didn't mean any harm,\" Mary whispers. \"I didn't.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"The hangman nods, reaching for the lever, and Mary closes her eyes. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Prudence kisses her cheek. em style=\"mso-bidi-font-style: normal;\"Come into my lair, said the spider to the fly. And you walked so willingly into my arms, dear child. /em/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"The floor drops beneath them, and they plunge down as Prudence cackles, Mary's neck mercifully snapping, a quick death, as her soul flies free from her still moving corpse that dances on the end of a rope./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"Prudence snatches it, landing beneath the scaffold and walking away, savoring her prize, sipping at the deliciousness that is a soul corrupted. /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"She hums, a low keen that makes the birds in the forest take flight in fear. There will be more accusations in the future, more executions, more souls polluted by desperation and fear and religious fervor./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"She smiles, a grin that has far too many teeth, sharp and delighted./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"em style=\"mso-bidi-font-style: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%; font-family: Pterra;\"After all, she will make sure of it./span/em/p ","Summary":" p class=\"MsoNormal\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 107%;"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Meant to Be","Author":"lifelovesatragedy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13053034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The day sixteen-year-old Lorraine Moran met her soulmate was a day like any other. The year was 1943 and signs of the war raging over seas were present all around them as she and a couple of her girlfriends walked the main street of Bridgeport, Connecticut on their way toward the Polis Majestic theater. Posters and radio ads screamed for the purchase of war bonds, an emotional plea for the citizens of the United States to support their men and their country in a simple act of patriotism that anyone could participate in. Everywhere you looked you were encouraged to do your part and contribute to the national defense. Enlistment posters were just as prominent, recruitment attempts for men to fight for their country, their freedom and to destroy the Japanese who had gotten the US involved in this war to begin with - Pearl Harbor had been forgotten by no one – and to free those held under Nazi tyranny to reopen world communication and cooperation. Women were encouraged to join the fight as well, due to the shortage of manpower. Not only were they needed as switchboard operators, telegraphers, mechanics and drivers, but to actually join the women's Army corps and the Navy. By the fall of last year the Women's Auxiliary Air Squadron began training women pilots who flew planes to different military bases in the United States. They tested the aircrafts and performed other non-combat flight duties, afraid they would never be allowed in the military again if they weren't sufficient in a chosen role. Woman power was on the rise. Even those at home were encouraged to accept the ration books with grace and dignity, proving that women were just as important in their ability to care for their families, to keep them happy and healthy on less than they had once had. That rationing was an art that women were to be praised and appreciated for. They were also encouraged and expected to step into the rolls of the men who had gone overseas to fight for their country, staffing factories and manufacturing plants, for the duration of the war and only until the men returned. Many women who had been employed in fields strictly for women, such as secretarial positions and domestic jobs were eager to try their hands at jobs only men had done before, becoming taxi and streetcar drivers, heavy construction machinery operators, lumber and steel mill workers, building dirigibles, making munitions and much more. Propaganda was everywhere that you looked, print, film and radio. Rosie the Riveter, in her bandana covered hair and her blue coveralls with the sleeve rolled back proclaimed \"We Can Do It!\" from posters seen just about everywhere. Amidst that propaganda and the demands that the country to what it could to aid in the war efforts, radios cried out news from around the world, while newspapers could be seen on street corners and in hands of many around the city, headlines screaming out to catch the attention of those patriotic enough to care…or just curios as to the state of the world they were now living in. WAR CONFERENCE OF HIGH OFFICERS HELD IN NORTH AFRICA ROSEVELT, STALIN, CHURCHILL AGREE ON PLANS FOR WAR ON GERMANY IN TALKS AT TEHERAN; 1,500 MORE TONS OF BOMBS DROPPED ON BERLIN U.S. FORCES HAVE OUTFLANKED JAPS ON GUADALCANAL ALLIES TAKE 2 CITIES: DUCE FREE, SAY NAZIS JAPS EXECUTE YANKEE PRISONERS AMERICANS TAKE KASSERINE GAP: BRITISH PROBE MARETH OUTPOSTS: NAZI ATTACKS SLOW SOVIET DRIVE None of that was really on the minds of the three girls as they walked, however. Though war and its effects swirled around them and was unavoidable, life still had to go on and they were still teenagers. Discussions ranged from school to studies to friends – and enemies – to the fact that Betty had a new pair of Saddle shoes. Of all of the topics, the shoes were by far the most important because there was a shoe ration along with all of the others and shoes were, of course, a big deal for all of the girls. \"Aren't they just killer-diller?\" Betty was twisting her foot this way and that, just outside the movie theater where they now stood, so that her two companions could get the best view of her new footwear. She knew that she was stylish and a thing of jealousy in that moment. None of her friends had such a thing to show off and so she was enjoying her brief moment in the spotlight. She flipped her dark hair over one shoulder and offered a huge smile to her friends. \"Yeah, yeah.\" Alice was rolling her eyes and making a point of looking anywhere but at those coveted shoes while sneaking a glance whenever she could. She didn't have as much as most of her friends, money or material possessions, and jealousy hit her hard and often. As her gaze was drawn to those pristine white bobby socks and the ever-coveted shoes, she repressed a scowl, but she couldn't manage a smile. So, she settled for an attempt at aloof instead. She knew her attempt was futile when Betty's smile only grew and she preened even more. She seemed to live on other peoples' admiration and jealousy. \"Aw, c'mon, Ali-girl.\" She wheedled. \"You know they're pretty special. You can admit it, I won't tell.\" She stuck her foot out again, admiring the shoe herself. \"You know, I'm sure Charles would get you a pair if you asked him real nicely.\" She spoke as if the idea was an offhand one, but the sly smirk said otherwise. That drew Alice's attention back and her eyes narrowed slightly before she shook her head as if brushing the idea off without much thought. \"Charles has much more important things to spend his money on than that.\" She spoke as if her boyfriend were above such things and her friend was a child for even suggesting such a thing. Besides, it took much more than just money to acquire more shoes than each family was allotted in their ration books. \"More important than you?\" Betty couldn't resist, though she knew she was pushing it. Not only was Alice the jealous type when it came to things like killer-diller shoes, but she was very possessive of the aforementioned boyfriend and the slightest mention of him being anything less than completely devoted was enough to set her scowling. When the dig got her nothing more than the expected scowl, she was somewhat disappointed. But, since she didn't really want to fight anyway, she shrugged and turned her attention to her other friend who had made no mention of her shoes or their friend's boyfriend's priorities. \"What do you think, Lorraine?\" She asked, sticking out her foot one more time, knowing she could usually count on at least an attempt at pleasantries from that corner. Lorraine, however, wasn't paying attention to the controversial shoe conversation at all. Her gaze was riveted on the movie house they stood outside, a slightly glazed look in her eyes. Something pulled her toward the place, though she would never in a million years tell her friends that. She had learned her lesson the hard way when she was twelve and she had mentioned to the nun at the girls' Catholic school she was attending that her light shown brighter than even the Mother Superior's. At the time she had thought that everyone could see and feel the things she did, but she had quickly learned that was not the case. That revelation had resulted in a weekend away that allowed for no talking or socializing of any kind. An entire weekend of strictly praying and contemplating the admonishment to not be so fanciful. While she might not have learned the lesson that was intended, she had learned another. Those things about her weren't special at all. They made her different and different was not what she wanted to be. She had stopped mentioning anything that could be considered different or strange, buried those abilities, or whatever they were, deeply inside. She tried to avoid them, to tell herself that they weren't real and that the Sister had been right. She was just a fanciful child. Yet, even at her most convincing, they never went away entirely. \"Lorraine!\" Betty snapped her fingers in front of her face with an exasperated and yet amused expression. She and Alice were used to their friend's wandering mind and constant distractions. She often seemed to be elsewhere, thinking about other things rather than paying attention to what was going on around her. But, that was okay. They liked her anyway. \"You awake in there?\" Blinking, Lorraine stared at her friend for a moment and then she felt a heat rise to her cheeks that she hoped wasn't resulting in a visible blush. \"Sorry. I was thinking about something else.\" She murmured, relieved to see a grin on Betty's face, though she adopted a mock offended expression shortly after. \"Clearly!\" She huffed, hands on her hips. \"Here we were, admiring my new shoes and you weren't even paying attention! And I thought you were my friend!\" She put a hand dramatically over her heart and the other on her forehead as if she were a martyr from one of the movies they all so loved and might just pass out from the utter betrayal. After a moment, she peeked at Lorraine from under the hand on her forehead and her expression shifted to one more knowing and teasing. \"There's only one thing I can think of that might be more important than me.\" She said, dropping both hands and leaning slightly forward. A glance at Alice showed that the other girl was apparently over their little discussion and was arching an eyebrow as she waited to hear what the darker girl had come up with. \"Something's more important than you?\" Lorraine attempted levity, but she wasn't sure what her friend was getting at, so she didn't try too hard. \"I would never have guessed.\" \"Only one thing.\" Betty nodded sagely, pausing dramatically for a long moment. \"Boys!\" The revelation made both Lorraine and Alice blink in surprise and then they all burst into laughter. It would figure that was the one thing Betty would deem important. \"Boys? Why would I be thinking about boys?\" Lorraine finally asked, neither confirming nor denying the accusation. \"Why wouldn't you be?\" Betty asked in return, shifting to link her arm with both of her friends as she guided them toward the ticket booth. She almost started laughing again when she saw just who it was that was working the booth and settled for subtly nudging Lorraine's shoulder meaningfully instead. Lorraine didn't notice the nudge, her attention was once more focused on something that wasn't her friends. Though the same age as them, she wasn't so sure that Ed Warren qualified as a 'boy.' He was serious and hard working and…well, she didn't know him enough to know what else he was. She just knew that she often saw him working here at the theater when she made her way downtown. He was…interesting, but she had never really spoken to him at all. Ignoring the nudge completely, she released both of her friends' arms and stepped forward to request their tickets, offering a shy smile to Ed as she slid her money forward. He studied her for a long moment and then placed the money on top of the tickets and slid them all back to her with a smile. \"On the house.\" The smile did things to her that she hadn't thought possible and Lorraine was at a loss for words as she reached for the money and tickets. \"Oh, you don't have to do that.\" She finally managed, attempting to pay once more, her hands shaking slightly as she tried to figure out just what it was that was going on. He shook his head and mock pouted. \"Are you trying to stop me from being a gentleman here?\" He asked as if disappointed. \"I'm trying to do a favor for a pretty lady. I would appreciate it if you'd just accept it.\" He flashed that smile one more time and she couldn't come up with a reply. \"Hey, thanks!\" Betty swooped in to the rescue, grinning at Ed while she took Lorraine's arm and started to guide her into the theater. \"Come on, Lorraine. Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.\" She offered a wave back to Edward and pulled Lorraine forward. A glance back showed Lorraine that he was watching her. Something clicked with almost an audible sound, making her feel an entirely different warmth than the embarrassment of a few minutes earlier. She found herself offering him the most beautifully sincere smile she had ever displayed before returning her attention to her friends. \"I think he likes you.\" Betty nudged her again, while Alice agreed from the other side, both girls were getting far too much enjoyment out of a simple nice gesture, she was sure of it. A glance back showed that he had turned his attention to another customer and was no longer looking in her direction, but she could still feel him anyway. \"What makes you think that?\" She asked almost absently. Of the odd feelings she got almost constantly, most were not pleasant. This was something entirely different than she had ever experienced before. \"Just a feeling.\" Betty grinned, shifting to take her hand instead of her arm as she pulled her toward the doors to find their seats. \"Just a feeling.\" When they were seated and waiting for the movie to start, Lorraine expected the gossip to start up again or for Betty to show off her shoes just one more time. What she got was not what she had thought. \"You know.\" Betty leaned forward so that she could see both of her friends. \"Some things are just meant to be.\" ","Summary":" The day sixteen-year-old Lorraine Moran met her soulmate was a day like any other. The year was 194"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"These silver threads drenched in blood","Author":"angelofthelightanddark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13237090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Valak stares down at the body, still warm, soulless and empty. The soul has departed only moments before, and honestly Valak doesn't really care where it's gone. He smiles; the body will suit him well enough. So he steps into it, makes it home, makes it his. A suitable vessel while he works his way back up the ranks. He's been demoted before, it's only a matter of time before he will rise again and all who deserted his legion will know his wrath. Small steps, he thinks, settling in and allowing his energy to suffuse through the skin, halting the decay and bringing that spark of life back into it. He can't have a decaying vessel, best to fix that now. He combs through the memories that remain; he'll need to know this body's mannerisms, its emotions. Ah, he thinks, mere seconds after assimilating, there we are. Varick Vorster, 25 years old, former cultist turned antique-shop owner, Romanian, was kicked out by an abusive father, immigrated to the States at 18, has been dating a woman named Maria for the past 3 years. Oh, Valak sighs, he was going to propose, how sickeningly sweet of him. Too bad he'll never get the chance. And killed by a weakened heart. Such a pity. Valak can hear the sound of a key in the door of the shop. It would be Maria, he knows. Varick had been expecting her to arrive earlier than usual, and had been preparing to make his proposal that morning before his heart had given out. He's lying behind the counter, just out of sight of the door. Valak twitches a finger, getting used to inhabiting a physical form again. Well, he thinks, time for the long con. He needs new members for his legion anyways. \"Babe?\" Maria calls into the shop, frowning as she notes the dim lights. \"Varick, love, are you here?\" Silence is her only answer, the door clinking shut behind her. \"That's unusual,\" Maria mutters, tucking her key into her pocket and striding across the room to check the register. She screams, stumbling back a few paces, before scrambling for the phone. Her boyfriend is as pale as death, blood pooling on the floor beneath his head, eyes closed, lying just behind the counter. His chest barely rising and falling, breathing shallow. Maria calls for an ambulance, praying to any deity that will listen to not let her love slip away, to keep him here with her. The ride to the hospital is nerve-wracking as she clutches his cold, cold hand, feeling his pulse flutter weakly against her fingers. God, she cannot lose him. It would break her. At the hospital, she waits outside the room, pacing back and forth until she gives up and collapses into a nearby chair, sobbing into her hands. Please, God, don't let him die, she begs, please. No sign comes to her, no sacred communion that her mother had always spoken about with reverence in church. Maria has never felt such Divine Presence in her life. Her mother, a devout Catholic to her core, claimed to feel the Presence in church during every Mass. Maria just cries, and waits, feeling despair sinking ever deeper into her bones as the hours slip by and no one comes to tell her anything. \"Miss Piras?\" a voice says at her left, nearly four hours after she's arrived. \"Yes?\" Maria asks, rubbing at her eyes, sniffling. \"Your boyfriend is going to be fine,\" a plump woman with graying blonde hair says, her name tag reads Dr. Lola and her eyes are kind. \"He has a minor head injury but as far as we can tell there is no brain trauma. He just needs rest and proper nutrients. His collapse was probably due to dehydration and stress.\" \"He's going to be okay?\" Maria asks, fixating on the idea. \"Yes, miss,\" the doctor says. \"Rest and relaxation for at least two weeks, nothing strenuous.\" \"Okay,\" Maria says faintly, pressing a hand to her mouth, trying not to cry again. \"Can I-can I see him?\" \"Yes,\" Dr. Lola says. \"Right this way.\" She leads Maria into the room, where Varick lies, fast asleep, the heart monitor beeping steady reassurance at her, IV's hanging to his left. There's a chair at the bedside but Maria ignores it to lean over the bed, brushing back Varick's dark curls, her tears blurring the sight of his face, softened in sleep. \"Oh thank God,\" she says quietly, sniffling again. \"Thank you.\" She is hardly aware of the doctor leaving, the door closing and Maria is alone with Varick. Maria carefully climbs up onto the bed, lying beside him, the railing of the bed pressed hard into her spine. She can't just sit in that chair. She needs to see, needs to be closer. Varick sleeps on, though his eyelids twitch as he dreams. Maria listens to him breath. Deep, steady breaths, so unlike the terrifying shallow gasps that still haunted her mind. \"Hey, V,\" she whispers, \"you really scared me today. I don't want to lose you like that again, okay?\" she kisses his cheek. \"I'll be right here, love.\" Varick mumbles something, turning his head towards her. Maria rests her forehead against his. His eyelids flutter, the faintest gleam of chartreuse barely visible through his long lashes. Maria has always said he should have been a model, which his long lashes and elegant features, but Varick had never agreed, wanting to live a quiet life away from any kind of spotlight. \"Hey,\" Maria says quietly, \"how are you feeling?\" Varick blinks slowly, and his voice comes, raspy to her ears, but welcome. \" Ce s-a întâmplat?\" Maria strokes one hand down his cheek. \"Babe, you know I know very little Romanian. You were in the shop this morning, do you remember?\" He frowns. \"I-remember...I was...you were coming in early,\" he says. Maria nods. \"I found you behind the counter,\" she chokes on the words, remembering how still and pale he looked. \"Oh,\" Varick says, looking away, biting his lips. \"Babe,\" Maria murmurs, gently turning his face towards hers, \"I'm glad you're alive,\" she whispers, tears sliding down her face again. \"I'm so glad you're here with me. I couldn't bear to lose you.\" \"You won't,\" Varick promises, and Maria kisses him, soft and gentle, and trying to tell him just how much she loves him without words. He smiles up at her, eyes warm and fond. Some knot of tension relaxes in her chest at the sight of that familiar grin, relief flooding her. He is alive and he's going to be just fine. They're going to be just fine. ","Summary":" Valak stares down at the body, still warm, soulless and empty. The soul has departed only moments b"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"The conjuring: raising hell","Author":"vauladox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12629364","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Back down in the bottomless pit was nothing but pain and suffering in endless shadow. demons, monsters of ancient folklore, beings who fight against God for the souls of mankind to win a war so that God would know longer own humanity, that the devil wishes to rule over them himself as if he worked on humans. In the bottomless pit lied most monsters and demons but one of them was not very happy. Are you saying you failed said the witch BheSheba. You do realize the dark Lord is not in a good mood it's been many years and he does not like failures You think this was my fault you didn't stand a chance, I almost got him but some asshole possibly the old man told her my name and I ended up here. When I get my hands on her I'm gonna- Silence screamed a dark voice echoing throughout the chaos of hell, Who is this woman you speak of and how is she a nuisance to you. Her name is Lorraine Warren, her husband's name is Ed Warren, I was given the task to retrieve the soles of Janet Ed and Lorraine, somehow she managed to learn my name. I asked for forgiveness this is not part of the plan she wasn't supposed to interfere things were supposed to go perfect but instead she showed up and I got sent back to hell. They've been nothing but trouble for us said BeSheba. This was true the warrens were exorcising demons throughout the world. If they are such trouble and how come digdin didn't come back, he's still kicking it in that creepy ass doll, that thing creeps me out even in hell standards. He's already retrieved two souls and you 2 got sent back, mind explaining why he is still on earth said the devil. When Ed and Lorraine came over he immediately head back inside the doll he reviews to come out no matter what that poor suckers trapped inside the doll. Serves him right. Enough of this the two of you movie sent back to earth one last time I will not waste too much of my power bill we can but not only that you will go with two no three other spirits back to earth. The first was paimon. A great king of hell, The second was the fallen disciple of Jesus, Judas, The third was Nero. Your main mission is to retrieve the soles of the warrens and if they are not here soon you will all feel immense suffering in the hands of your king said the dragon. Failure is not an option my lord said Valak. It will be done BaSheba said. I will tempt them with my power said paimon. They will not escape me said Judas. They don't know suffering like me said Nero. The devil raised his hands up in the air and conjured a great power. The first to leave was the Marquis of snakes and the president of hell, Valak. The second was the witch of black magic BaSheba. The third was king Nero. The fourth with a great infernal king, paimon. And the fifth was The fallen disciple, Judas the traitor. Go bring me the blood said Satan. The five demons left hell in search of the souls that will meet damnation. ","Summary":" Back down in the bottomless pit was nothing but pain and suffering in endless shadow. demons, monst"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Curiosity Killed the Cat","Author":"lifelovesatragedy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13057149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Waverly Hills Sanatorium wasn't exactly a place Lorraine wanted to go. It was believed to be one of the most haunted places in the world, and even if that wasn't the case, many people had suffered and died there and that in itself made it somewhere she didn't want to be. At one point the place had been a functioning tuberculosis hospital, and since there was no cure at the time, the suffering there had been unimaginable. She could only imagine what residual things had been left behind, even if they weren't the believed to be the ghosts and other entities of the reported sightings. She knew the stories, of course. Pretty much everyone did. The body chute that led from the hospital to nearby railroad tracks where a motorized rail and cable system would lift the bodies onto trains that would take them away. Made necessary by the fact that none of the treatments, be they the pleasant variety such as fresh air, sunshine, rest and good food or the torturous ones such as inserting balloons into patients' lungs and manually filling them with air to help with breathing or removing ribs and muscle tissue to give damaged lungs more room were effective at all and the death toll was just too large to deal with on site. The very idea itself was enough to scare many people and start rumors and stories of its own. There were tales of footsteps, doors swinging shut, the smell of freshly baked bread from a kitchen in such disrepair that it would be impossible to bake, let alone the fact that no one was there to be doing the baking. There was talk of moving shadows, mysterious footprints appearing in puddles of water and even people heading for the roof and suddenly feeling the desire to jump. Some claimed there was a ghost of an elderly woman bleeding from her hands and feet and moaning as she roamed the hospital, a reminder of the suffering that had been endured there. And, of course, there was little Timmy or Bobby or Mary. The ghost of a six or seven-year-old boy or girl, trapped in the hospital, unable to move on because they had died so young with so much left undone with their life. Visitors often brought balls for the child ghost to play with, claiming to see them moving on their own. Doppelgängers were also reported. Spirits that can mimic the appearance, voice and movements of those it encounters. People claimed to have seen doubles of themselves or others, identical in every way to those it was mimicking except for the black holes where the eyes should be. And then there was room 502. Every haunted place had a special room that was thought to be worse than the rest. Cursed or evil or just one of the main places to avoid. This particular room was the location of two deaths of what had been seen as perfectly healthy people rather than those in the hospital because of the disease it was there to attempt to treat. Local legend said that the head nurse of Room 502 was found hanging from a light fixture in the room in 1928, an apparent suicide triggered by an unwanted pregnancy. Nearly four years later another nurse who worked in the same room jumped off the roof – or out the window - to her death. Something or someone in that room was said to have caused these things to happen. Then there was the legend that the whole place was haunted by something called The Creeper. A dark and terrifying entity that crawled along the walls and floors of the place. Some believed it was some kind of demonic force or inhuman entity, others thought it was a human spirit that was twisted by the torture and trauma of a tubercular death. Whatever it was was said to fill those who encountered it with a feeling of dread and doom. After the Sanatorium was closed, it reopened in as a geriatric hospital. It was closed in under allegations of patient abuse; strange experiments on the unwilling, shock treatments for non-existent conditions and the like. The property was purchased again, by someone new, with plans to erect the world's tallest statue of Jesus and a religious center. The statue, which would have been based on the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro but twenty feet taller. When plans for that fell through, due to lack of funding, the purchaser of the land tried to have the building condemned. There were also failed plans to make the place a prison. It was eventually bought by a couple with plans to completely restore the hospital and currently held haunted tours and such. Those tours and investigations weren't things Lorraine had ever found herself wanting to do. In fact, she preferred to stay far away from such places if she could help it. Her curiosity didn't draw her toward them as many might think because she had experienced enough things of a dark nature that she knew that curiosity did indeed kill the cat and information did not bring it back. But, she didn't often get what she wanted and so when the call came for their help, she knew they were going to accept. It was what they did, after all. Despite the many skeptics and nonbelievers who thought they were frauds and liars, there were still those who genuinely needed their help and accepted that there were things in existence that weren't considered 'normal' by any standards. Or were at least willing to give the benefit of the doubt to find out what was truly going on around them. This particular case involved a girl who was apparently being held inside the building against her will, possessed by a malevolent entity. Police had investigated and had died for their efforts. No one else could help. Or maybe no one else was willing to try. It was a lot to ask someone to go into such a place. It was even more to ask when people had gone in for that particular reason and had died as a result. But, again, that was what they did. Things that other people couldn't. So, she merely asked for all the details she could get before agreeing that she and her husband would indeed help with this investigation to the best of their ability. She didn't have to ask Ed for his agreement, knowing she would have it even as she gave it. Once she had everything she needed to at least walk into the situation as prepared as she could be, she made arrangements for a flight and hotel before meeting her husband's curious gaze. \"What do you think about Waverly Hills?\" ","Summary":" Waverly Hills Sanatorium wasn't exactly a place Lorraine wanted to go. It was believed to be one of"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Mirror's edge (What lies beneath)","Author":"angelofthelightanddark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13095239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There is a boy standing on the bridge when Officer David Wayland turns onto the gravel road that leads out of the tiny town that he's lived his whole life in. Evan's bridge some of the locals called it. Wayland just called it the Jumper's bridge and hated every time he had to drive over it; it was worse at night. The boy hadn't even moved when the lights of Wayland's car landed on him. Just stood there, staring down into the dark murky waters of the creek below. Wayland shivers but resolutely set the car to park and got out of the vehicle. He's walked the beat for nearly thirty years and he's seen far too many people die on his watch. \"Hey kid,\" he calls when he's close enough to get a read on the boy's face. \"You alright?\" \"If I was, I wouldn't be standing on this bridge, now would I?\" the boy says, and Wayland mentally revises his calculation of the boy's age. He'd thought him to be around fourteen, but the voice was deeper, more like someone at the tail end of puberty than anything else. At least seventeen. Old as Evan then. Wayland pushes aside the familiar old grief and the haunted look of Evan's face. \"What's your name, son?\" he tries again. \"Kalav,\" the boy says. \"Kalav,\" Wayland says. \"Got a last name?\" The boy snorts. \"Why? Going to call my parents? Have them come pick me up, drag me home?\" \"I'm just here to help, Kalav,\" Wayland says. \"Why are you here?\" \"Why do you think, officer?\" Kalav asks, stepping up to the edge as Wayland tries to inch closer. \"What's the point of it all?\" \"The point of what?\" Wayland asks, stalling for time. \"Life, the grand design of it all,\" Kalav says, \"Why are we here? Humanity, what's the point?\" \"Experience, I'd guess,\" Wayland says. \"Try everything the world has to offer?\" Kalav laughs, the sound sharp, cutting through the quiet chirping of the crickets and the soft rushing of the creek below. \"Please, like humanity doesn't kill those who express ideas different from the flock,\" Kalav scoffs. \"A man may not lie with another man, a woman with another woman, they may be stoned to death- \" \"Is that why you're here?\" Wayland cuts in, \"Because you're afraid of your parents' reactions to you being gay?\" Kalav tilts his head up to gaze at the stars, half-hidden by clouds. \"What does it matter, officer? You can't save me, just like you couldn't save Evan.\" \"Evan?\" Wayland asks, confused. \"Your son,\" Kalav says softly. \"A child on the edge of eighteen, driven to suicide on this very bridge, this very day, seventeen years ago.\" \"How do you know that?\" Wayland asks. Kalav's lips curl into a smile, \"Everyone knows that, everyone who has grown up here knows the story of how Evan Wayland threw himself off this bridge because he was bullied. Unnatural they called him, a spawn of the devil-\" \"He wasn't unnatural !\" Wayland yells. \"He was just a kid, and he may have been a little strange, but there wasn't anything wrong with him! He was a good kid, and you shouldn't say such things !\" he broke off in a sob. \"He was just a kid,\" Wayland mutters. \"And did you tell him that?\" Kalav asks. \"Did you support him? Tell him you loved him no matter what sex he preferred?\" \"I-\"Wayland falters. He had, hadn't he? \"When he came to you, weeping and fearful, did you talk down to him?\" Kalav spits, \"Tell him that a man doesn't cry, that he is firm and strong in the face of adversity? Or did you tell him that he should keep a stiff upper lip and ignore the hateful words spewed at him, the beatings that others would give him when the teachers turned their gazes away?\" \"I was just trying to help!\" Wayland cries. \"Help! Help?\" Kalav says, incredulous, turning towards Wayland so that he may see the young man's face. It is a slender face with delicate features. Pale lips are twisted in a scowl, piercing green eyes lined with shadow above fine cheekbones. Black hair curls about his face, and Wayland can see the faint glimmer of an earring in Kalav's right ear. He's dressed in black slacks and a dark shirt, and surprisingly, is barefoot. Wayland wonders at how he didn't notice it before. It's rather cool, but Kalav shows no sign of discomfort. \"A fat lot of good your help did him, didn't it?\" Kalav hisses. \"He looked to you for help and you turned away, ashamed!\" \"I wasn't ashamed!\" Wayland yells. Kalav laughs, low and dark. \" Lies , such lies you tell yourself, and those you call friends. You serve the town that killed your son and yet you tell yourself all is well. Your son called out to you- \"Tell Mama I'm sorry.\" And you just watched.\" Wayland can see Evan's face, the sudden calm that had swept over his distraught features. The blank relief in his blue eyes before he had just so calmly taken one step off the edge and dropped like a stone to the creek below. \"And your ex-wife, who loved her son, as any mother with a heart would, who supported him, loved him as you would not, accepted him as he was, could not look at you, knowing what you did.\" \"How do you know all this?\" Wayland asks, horror-struck. \"You killed your son just as surely as this town did, as the creek did,\" Kalav hisses, his words sharp, syllables slithering over his pale lips to bite at Wayland. \" No,\" Wayland says, shaking his head. \" No , I didn't!\" \"You did,\" Kalav says solemnly. \"You know you did. Your rejection of him, never voiced, might as well have been the stone that killed him. It's still down there, you know, in the creek, still red with his blood that's never been washed away. Waiting all these years…for you.\" \"What?\" Wayland asks. Kalav smiles, green eyes wide and guileless. \"Why don't you come and see?\" he says, long fingers beckoning Wayland closer. Against his will, Wayland finds himself beside Kalav, staring down into the darkness below. The moon is a waning crescent and its weak light barely glimmers on the surface of the creek as it gurgles past. But the light catches on a stone that sticks just above the water, gleaming wet from the splashing water. Wayland squints and remembers with sudden, sickening clarity how Evan's body had looked, crumpled on the stone, blood tinting the water red, eyes blank and staring at a noonday sky. \" Do give him my regards,\" Kalav whispers in his ear and then he is falling, down, down, down. The lights on the squad car flicker and die, the engine sputtering into silence. The bridge is dark once more. Two bright eyes stare down into the creek, fixed on the still form that lies there. David Wayland had found his peace. ","Summary":" There is a boy standing on the bridge when Officer David Wayland turns onto the gravel road that le"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Ave Maria","Author":"angelofthelightanddark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094589","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The bell at the door jingles and Varick ignores it for a moment to continue reading. He's been trying to track down this book for ages . Not an easy task to keep such an ancient tome hidden from him either, so naturally he'd been oh so delighted to find it. That old priest hadn't even put up that much of a fight. \"Excuse me?\" a woman's voice says. \"Yes?\" Varick asks, eyes glued to his book. He knows that voice. -I send you back to Hell!- \"We're looking for a rather peculiar antique clock, and we'd heard it might be here,\" a man cuts in. Varick sighs. He'd been stuck on normal tempting duty since that fiasco with the girl in England. Higher-ups tossed him topside, and here he was possessing the body of a former cultist. The cultist had had the decency to pass on just as he'd been forced into the mortal plane. And he'd had a similar name. He does so love it when he can use names similar to his own. Marquis of Snakes, bitch. Varick lifts his eyes from the book to stare directly at the woman in front of him. She can't sense him, else she'd be freaking out and brandishing that gaudy cross that hangs around her neck. He blinks lazily. Lorraine flinches. Varick's eyes are green-edging into yellow, a chartreuse that no doubt reminds Lorraine of Valak's eyes staring at her from beneath a nun's habit. He does so enjoy that form, Romania was ever so fun . Varick smiles, a thin, too-stretched thing. \"We don't have such an object within our collection,\" Varick says softly. \"I do apologize.\" \"Um-,\" Lorraine says. \"You are certain?\" \"Quite,\" Varick says, as the front door dings again. \"Ah, Maria, you're back early.\" Maria is a lovely, slender young woman, with eyes like the ochre of the pits of the damned, and smooth skin the color of mahogany. She's worn her dark hair down, free of the plaits he usually sees her with. She's also the girlfriend of the deceased cultist. Not that she knows he's dead. Oh, but he's having far too much fun tempting her. \"Hey, V,\" she says cheerfully, \"Got you coffee.\" She waves a cup at him, emblazoned with the emblem of that particular coffee shop across the street, the one that doesn't pay its workers quite enough and is slowly adding to the misery that permeates the air. It tastes like home, sweet and seething despair and delicious agony. \"Thank you dear,\" Varick says, taking it from her and setting it to the side. He closes his book and places it under the counter. \"Can I help you with anything else?\" \"Do you have any strange items that you've come across?\" Ed asks. Varick smiles. \"I do, actually.\" He suppresses the maniacal cackling. The floorboards rattle faintly, and Lorraine looks down, frowning. \"We're near the railroad,\" Maria supplies, perching on the counter. \"That happens often.\" \"Oh,\" Lorraine says. Varick walks back to where he knows he's stored that painting and carries it back, painted side turned towards him. \"We got this from one of our sister shops in London,\" he says. \"No idea who painted it, but it's interesting. I've not seen this art style before.\" He sets it on the counter, turning it. Both Warrens flinch. \"Are you alright?\" Maria asks. \"It's just a painting.\" \"Fine,\" Lorraine says. \"I just never thought I'd see it again.\" \"You know the artist?\" Varick asks. \"I'd love to see more of their work.\" \"I painted it,\" Ed says. \"Not really into art anymore.\" \"Pity,\" Varick says. It really is, it's a nice piece of work. Does an excellent job of capturing Valak's aura of darkness. \"Varick doesn't want to sell it,\" Maria says slyly. \"It's a favorite of his.\" \"I'd hang it up in the shop if I didn't think that others might not appreciate it,\" Varick says. There is an air about the painting now, courtesy of Varick's touch. The eyes are brighter, the shadows darker, and if one looks closely there is minute traces of blood at the edges of the nun's black veil. Maria looks it over. \"Looks brighter than before.\" \"Had an art restorer take a look at it,\" Varick lies. Maria nods. \"Looks good.\" She can never tell when he's lying anymore, something Varick is pleased with. He's got his talons so deep inside her soul now, she might as well be one of his legion. Ed seems unnerved by the painting while Lorraine frowns at it. Varick drums his fingers against the wood, \"What do you think?\" he purrs. \"It looks…well,\" Ed says. Varick can taste the lie, and tilts his head, watching the couple carefully. \"Might I have your name?\" Varick asks, \"So that I may at least give you credit?\" \"Ed Warren,\" Ed says at last, extending a hand. \"And yours?\" \"Varick Vorster,\" Varick says, shaking his hand, careful not to break the man's arm. It would be somewhat amusing but there are other ways to torment a soul. \"A pleasure.\" Ed will be having nightmares for weeks, Varick thinks, pleased with the seed that he's placed within the man's mind. \"This is my wife, Lorraine,\" Ed introduces. \"Lorraine,\" Varick says, smiling, \"a name meaning the kingdom of Lothar, a region in France heavily disputed in the aftermath of WWI.\" \"I did not know that,\" Lorraine says. \"You must know your history.\" \"I try,\" Varick says. \"I take it you will not be buying this painting from us today?\" \"Yes,\" Ed replies. \"Very well,\" Varick says, moving the painting to the nearby table, laying it flat. \"Anything else we can do for you?\" \"No, I think we're good,\" Lorraine says. \"But please, let us know if anyone sells anything strange,\" she slides a business card across the counter. Varick examines it and tucks it away into a pocket. \"Of course, Mrs. Warren,\" he says smoothly. He watches them go, and the floorboards rattle again as the front door closes. Do enjoy your trip, dear Warrens. We haven't seen the last of each other yet. Beside him, Maria entangles one hand with his. \"V, you okay?\" she asks. \"Perfect, darling,\" he lies, leaning down to kiss her. \"Just perfect .\" ","Summary":" The bell at the door jingles and Varick ignores it for a moment to continue reading. He's been tryi"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Don't look in the back","Author":"Samhainix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12733786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Patricia Jenkins stepped into Santa Monica public library, her parents didn't like her visiting so late in the day but she reckoned that she had at least half an hour before her pop came looking. Patricia loved books, her sister would always bring her once a week to pick a book, any book at all and she'd read it to her. Patricia got older of course and her sister moved away with her husband and baby girl but Patricia would still come down to the library to remind herself of Charlotte. Today though Patricia had an ulterior motive, she was here to find a book that would help her to win the heart of the cutest boy in her class. Patricia wandered over to Mrs Simm, the librarian and asked in her most respectful whisper. \"Excuse me but where are the science fiction books kept?\" Mrs. Simm finished reading a page of the book that was on her desk before looking up at Patricia with blue reassuring eyes. \"We don't get many of those in, no real taste for it here but I think there may be a book by an author called Cunningham, down the back where we keep the mysteries\" Mrs. Simm pointed over at a row of book shelves toward the back of the library, so far away Patricia could just barely make it out. \"Thank you, Mrs. S\" Patricia said joyfully before making her way down the rows upon rows of bookshelves in the direction Mrs. Simm pointed. The reason Patricia wanted a science fiction book so badly was to strike up a conversation with Bobby Livingston, the cutie in her class, he loved television shows like the Twilight Zone and One Step Beyond. Patricia's parents never let her stay up and watch those kinds of shows because they thought it would give her nightmares but Patricia knew better, bug eyed monsters wouldn't scare her. Still though she didn't want to get in too much trouble with her mom and dad so she'd find this science fiction book, check it out of the library, read a few stories before bed and have tons of stuff to talk to Bobby about tomorrow. All Patricia had to do was to find the darn book. Something crumpled under Patricia's shoe, looking down she saw that it was a page torn from a diary. She lifted it up and read it - \"DON'T COME ANY FURTHER\" it warned. Unimpressed Patricia indeed went further. The older kids left scary notes like the one she had found to frighten their friends, she expected to find a pair of plastic vampire teeth next from a previous scaring. Instead she found another torn diary page - it read - \"It's so dark here, I'm scared. Please just save yourself\" Patricia stayed calm, she knew this was just a trick, however she couldn't help notice that she was quickening her pace. What if someone was trapped in the library the previous night, what if they were scared and alone, too terrified to do anything. Patricia's shoe hit another page. In large letters, it said simply \"STOP\" Turning a corner Patricia expected to see a big spectacle, maybe a boy with crumpled pages in his mouth jumping out and yelling at her while his friends laugh but no, just a long reading table isolated from the rest of the library and a familiar girl, about her age reading at it. The girl had a diary beside her. \"Did you write these?\" asked Patricia, putting the notes down in front of the girl The girl boredly glanced over the notes before looking up at Patricia, the girl shook her head. \"Musta been the girl before me\" she dismissed before going back to the book she was reading - \"The Minds of the Ram by Willard Earle Andrews\" - it looked like an occult book, something that would be used for black magic. Patricia recognised the girl of course, she was in her class at school but always sat in the back, rarely talking to anyone else bar the teacher. Annabelle Higgins was a strange girl that often gave Patricia the chills just by looking at her. There was something off about her eyes. Something not quite right. Pushing her odd thoughts to one side and trying not to think about the strange notes, Patricia set about finding her book. She looked for the author's name \"Cunningham\" but after ten minutes of searching Patricia relented. Maybe someone had already borrowed it. Whatever the case she couldn't find it. Patricia sighed and turned back to Annabelle. \"I don't suppose you know where a science fiction book is?\" she asked \"The author's name is Cunningham\" The strange girl sniffed the air, she must've smelt something sweet because she smiled a big wide grin. Immediately goose pimples sprung up on Patricia's arms. The girl picked up a book from the seat of a near by chair and placed it on the table. \"It Came From The Lab: Tales of Science Gone Wrong by V.T Cunningham\" \"Thank you, I was looking everywhere for this\" Patricia said excitedly Annabelle was still looking at her with those creepy big eyes but she was also doing something else, she was scribbling something in her diary, almost obliviously. \"Why did you want it?\" asked Annabelle \"Just interested in stories of aliens and robots\" Patricia lied Annabelle sniffed the air again. \"Smells like lust\" she said bluntly This bothered Patricia, how dare this creepy girl judge her. \"Well why do you have a book that's for devil worshipers\" she snapped Annabelle smiled again but this time a little more patronising than Patricia had expected. \"You know Bobby's favorite story is on page 114, you should read it\" Annabelle's voice quivered for some reason at the last word but Patricia didn't care. \"You know Bobby?\" \"Intimately\" Annabelle replied coldly, before taking her book and leaving Patricia alone with her thoughts. Was Bobby dating Annabelle or was the girl just being mean to her? Patricia noticed that Annabelle had left her diary on the table, open at the last page that she was writing in. Patricia knew that she should just close the book and give it back to her but curiosity got the better of her and she took a look, it read - \"Please just leave, I'm trapped inside her, I can't hold on much longer but you need to go. She is pure evil. She wants to destroy everything she can. WARN EVERYONE. RUN.\" the entry was signed off with a \"J\" Annabelle clearly had problems, that or she was playing a trick on Patricia, either way the note was the same as the ones she had found earlier, same handwriting too. More or less satisfied that the girl was trying to pull her leg and probably had no interest in Bobby Livingston, Patricia tightened her grip on her science fiction book and left the table, walking back the way she came. She tried not thinking about the strange girl and instead focused on what she would say to Bobby. Behind her, Patricia heard footsteps in the distance. Annabelle remembering her diary? The footsteps quickly started running in Patricia's direction. The creepy girl trying to scare her? It wouldn't work. Patricia turned to face Annabelle, only to see the girl lunge at her, sending Patricia to the cold concrete floor of the library, her head hit it with a sickening crunch and everything started to go blurry. The last thing Patricia saw was Annabelle sitting on her stomach, looking down at her with that arrogant, condescending smile and those weird eyes. They weren't like real eyes, more like something someone had painted on. Like a doll's eyes. With that final thought, the blurriness of her vision got worse until Patricia couldn't see Annabelle or even the library anymore. She drifted away into an ocean of darkness. Letting herself be carried away on a wave. ","Summary":" Patricia Jenkins stepped into Santa Monica public library, her parents didn't like her visiting so "},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Agamoi","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12543292","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part one of my \"(Human) connections\" series featuring Brad and Drew. But can also be enjoyed alone and independent of one another. – I wanted to examine what might have happened if we'd been given a bit more time with Brad and Drew alone in the wake of seeing the ghost-maid before they all ran upstairs after Cindy. Disclaimer: supernatural elements, ghosts, hauntings, canon appropriate violence, adult language, pre-slash, drama, angst, missing scene. Agamoi He'd been the first one in the room. He only really thought about the connotations of that later. Brad had yelled for Ed, but he'd been at the front of the pack from the first call. Streaking from the dining room to the laundry room like his feet were on wheels the moment Brad's voice had echoed out. Ed and Lorraine were out of the room again when the flashes started going off down the hall. Trying and failing to catch his attention as Brad threw up his hands and pressed them against either side of his head. Like he was trying to keep something in or block everything else out. The almost textbook reaction of the skeptic turned believer. Only this time the man grabbed him before he could do anything. \"She- she...\" His tongue flicked over his lower lip nervously as he looked into too-wide whites. Smelling the harsh stain of coffee and fading nicotine on the man's breath as the stairs creaked audibly from across the house. \"She said-\" Brad tried again, blunt nails digging into his skin. Enough to be grounding for Brad in all the right ways and just on the edge of painful for him. Still, he let it happen. He'd never seen Brad so spooked. Seeing a ghost would do that to a person, he supposed. But this was genuine grade A rattled . He bit down on the 'I told you so' he'd been hoping to have the opportunity to say and instead gripped the man's forearms reassuringly. Giving him something real to cling to as the white sheet pinned up on the angled hooks off to their right fluttered in Ed and Lorraine's wake. \"What did she say? Brad, hey, look at me. She's gone, okay? She's gone.\" But Brad just shook his head. Lashes fluttering dark before he chanced opening his mouth again. Repeating it verbatim in that dangerous way no one had figured he'd need to be warned against. \"Look at what she made me do.\" The hair on the back of his neck prickled. Feeling a cool, goose-bump chill hush like an exhale across the back of his neck. Something he recognized better than any tell as the sheet fluttered again. This time smoothing all the creases. As if someone was making sure it wouldn't wrinkle. The maid. It had to be. She was still here. Listening. Curious. Angry. \"That sick fuck, whatever it is that's pulling the strings around here. It made her-\" Brad ranted, cutting himself off as color slowly started to flood back cross his cheeks. Staining them pink as he finished the sentence for him. \"Kill herself?\" he finished carefully. Making a point to look no where other than the man's eyes as the cold prickle intensified like a yell. Like she was hovering just over his shoulder, screaming into the void that existed between the dead and the living. Brad exhaled an uneven breath, nodding faintly. Eyes darting from dark corner to dark corner like she was liable to pop up and scare the piss out of him all over again. \"If it helps, think about her like a victim,\" he started, knowing he'd caught the man's attention by the end of the sentence. Putting it in terms a police officer could understand and emphasize with right away. \"Her and the others? They're stuck here, because of Bathsheba. And yeah, they're angry. But they're only here- they're only dead because of her. Think about it, she didn't hurt you, did she? She's just angry. She wants someone to listen. It's more common than you think.\" The nod he got in response was half-ass and jerky but there none the less. Coinciding with the sudden absence of that prickly feeling and eerie chill. Like the moment Brad had started to calm down, the maid had flickered out of existence again. \"Can we fix-\" The click of a second camera going off made them jump. Cutting the man off before he could finish the thought as Rodger and Ed's voices drifted from somewhere near the front stairs. \"Shhhh…it's just Cindy, she's sleep-walki-\" \"No, no, no- wait, wait- we need this.\" The shift back into that oddly close, working professionalism they'd been fostering the last few days was seamless and easy. Warming him in a way he didn't know he needed as Brad crowded him out the door towards the others. Chest solid and warm against the small of his back. It was time to get to work. A/N: Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Reference: Agamoi: \"those dead before marriage.\" Considered a type of 'restless dead'. Both male and female ghosts could be assigned this category, although the female ones were regarded as particularly bitter, insofar as marriage and the motherhood consequent upon it were a woman's defining rights in antiquity. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thin"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Clairvoyant: The Beginning","Author":"PhysicLover22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12649842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One \"Kathy! Can you come help Judy and Nana set the table?\" Mama called. \"Yes, Mama!\" My name is Kathleen Maria Warren or Kathy for short. I may not be a Warren by blood but I am a Warren legally and spiritually as Mama and Dad put it. I was adopted when I was five years old. I don't have much of a memory of my real parents. Story goes that I was abandoned when I was three because well…I'm different. Just like Mama I am a clairvoyant medium. What is that you might ask? Well basically I can sense dead people, see dead people, hear dead people, your get the drill all the senses except taste. That's how and why they adopted me. \"God brought us together for a reason\" as they always put it. \"What have I told you about calling them dead people?\" Mama sighed. \"The proper term is spirits.\" \"How the-\" \"Language! Judy is in the room.\" I stifled a giggle and continued to help set the table. I forgot she can in a way know what I am always thinking. The only difference between me and Mama my powers aren't fully developed…I'm a late bloomer. I don't have control of them just yet. In a way my powers are on autopilot mode. They work on their own schedule. Once the table was set, Mama called Dad in for dinner. He was in what I call the \"Kathy and Judy do not enter room\". In this room was artifacts my parents collected from every case they worked on. Each one having some sort of paranormal activity attached. In so much so we have a priest come to our home once a month to bless the room. I used to go in the room to at least look around when my parents came home. But not so much anymore every since they added Annabelle to the collection. \"All right shall we bless this delicious meal?\" Dad smiled as Judy giggled. \"In the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost, amen. Bless us Oh Lord, and these thy gifts, which we are about to receive, from thy bounty, through Christ, Our Lord. Amen. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Amen.\" Dad ended the prayer as we made the Sign of the Cross. Dinner was served and the clanking of silverware ensued. \"How was your day, Kathy?\" Dad asked after everyone was settled with their plates. \"Good! After I finished my class work I went to the church for Catechism. Father Gordon thinks I could be ready for confirmation a little earlier than originally planned.\" I replied. \"How much earlier?\" Mama said as she helped Judy cut her roast. \"A month. Since I am in private catechism classes, I'm able to go at my own pace. Father Gordon says I have the comprehension of the faith better than any teen my age. \" \"That's great! That means we can have your confirmation and Judy's first communion the same day!\" Dad said through swallows. \"Oh yes! That would be wonderful! What do you think Judy?\" \"Yeah!\" She smiled brightly at me. I returned the smile. I am very close to Judy. I've never had a younger sibling until she was born. Also seeing that once she was old enough for my mama to leave her behind she became my playmate, my one true confidant. Though she doesn't comprehend all that I do, she understands my troubles in her own way. \"How was your day Mama and Dad? How did the lecture go?\" I asked. \"Good. In fact we have a new case in Harrisville, Rhode Island.\" Mama replied. \"When do you leave?\" \"Tomorrow morning.\" Dad said. \"Kathleen Maria Warren you cannot come.\" Mama immediately said before I had the chance to ask. No she did not read my mind…I just happen to ask a lot. Every time there is a new case they happen to be going on I take my chance to ask. \"Mama please!\" I begged. \"I think I'm old enough!\" \"Let's discuss this matter after dinner.\" Dad intervened. Mama and I never argued on many things…but this. Though my powers never really worked when I wanted them too, but if I was thrown into the right situation they would. But she was afraid for my physical safety and my spiritual safety. Messing with the paranormal wasn't all fun and say Hail Mary and you'll be fine type of business. It can get a bit scary…life or death kinda scary. Dinner then went by then in a blur of silence. Once dinner was done, Nana took Judy to go get ready for bed. I was now sitting across from my parents in the kitchen. This was a rare occurrence for us to be in this formation. I was never the trouble making type. Only on special occasions would I cause trouble. \"Now,\" my dad started. \"We can start with us making our case and then you can or vice versa.\" \"I think you can go first. I'm feeling pretty confident.\" I folded my hands on the table. \"Sweetheart for one you are only fourteen years of age. You haven't been confirmed in the church yet and your gift isn't at its best yet.\" Mama listed without missing a beat. \"But couldn't this help me strengthen my gift even more? I mean you said so yourself Mama that being somewhere where I have to learn to turn it off than turn it on is better.\" I counter acted. \"Also I don't think age shouldn't matter in this situation. I think maturity is the thing that matters. Plus this could help me with my faith. Father Gordon said I should find things that make me think about my faith. What if this is my great divine calling too? 'God brought us together for a reason'.\" \"Those are some great points.\" Dad leaned back in his chair. \"She has learned from the best.\" Mama looked at me critically for a moment. She knew something that brought this points. \"Why are you so eager to go? You'd be leaving Judy. Usually you don't push so hard to go. You know you can't hide things from me.\" I sighed, looked down for a moment, and then met her concerned gaze. \"I need a break from Annabelle.\" \"What do you mean you 'need a break from Annabelle'?\" Dad asked. I took a deep breath before I began. \"It started with the feeling of being watched. Then the whispers when I would pass the room. Then she started coming into my dreams. But all of this doesn't compare to what happened recently.\" I recalled. My mind wandered as I recounted the story to my parents. \"Judy!\" I called. \"I will find you!\" I passed the artifact room when the door suddenly creaked open followed by what sounded like Judy's giggle. If she was in there she was going to be in trouble with Dad. He told her she can't go in there. I'm only aloud inside if he is in the room with me. \"Judy you know better if you are in here.\" I tipped toed in. \"Come on it's dangerous. Come out so we can get out of here.\" Suddenly the door slammed shut behind me. I immediately turn and claw and jiggle the door handle for a way out. My breathing started picking up as panic over took me. Something bad was going to happen. The door doesn't just lock from the outside on its own. The familiar someone's watching feeling crept up behind me. Part of me didn't want to turn around but fear has a way of making you do funny things. So I turned around. A woman was standing next to Annabelle's case. She was trying to unlock it. She was wearing a white night gown but she was disheveled herself…just like the doll. \"How did you get out without screaming for Nana?\" Mama asked. By now she was in the empty chair next to me with one arm around me. \"I did scream. But turns out Nana and Judy were outside. Before it could get to me I managed to get the door opened and slammed it shut behind me.\" I explained. \"You know, whatever we are facing here could be worse than Annabelle.\" Dad said. \"Are you sure you really want to go?\" \"I'd go to hell and then back and then back again. Nothing can be worse than Annabelle.\" Mama and Dad looked at each other for a few minutes. Mama then nodded to Dad as a silent agreement to something. \"All right, Kathy. You can come with us.\" ","Summary":" Chapter One \"Kathy! Can you come help Judy and Nana set the table?\" Mama called. \"Yes, Mama!\" M"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Preternatural","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12564229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part three of my \"(Human) connections\" series featuring Brad and Drew, follows \"Agamoi\" and \"Biaiothanatoi\" – I wanted to examine the events that happened post movie for these two. Disclaimer: supernatural elements, ghosts, hauntings, canon appropriate violence, adult language, pre-slash, drama, angst, post movie. Preternatural \"It's an insight. It's like peek through the curtain into someone else's life.\" The funny thing was, he wasn't even surprised when Brad showed up the next time around. Or the next. Shadowing them through a mildly haunted old folks home where the wheelchairs moved by themselves. Then to a creaky old investment property where things kept going missing on the renovation crew. And lastly, to a landmark church on the edge of some out of the way town where the cranky caretaker's ghost was haunting the bell tower. The thing about the gig was, if it hooked you the first time out, it pretty much hooked you for life. It got into the blood and settled there like a calling. He should know, after all. They visited the Perron family every so often. Letting Carolyn cluck and fuss over the healing mark on Brad's cheek. While he tried and mostly failed to fend off Andrea's growingly determined teenage advances. Taking periodic readings between catching up on each other's lives. It was mostly a precaution to reassure everyone that the big bag ugly hadn't decided to make their nightmare into a sequel. But the truth was, neither of them minded doing it. Brad liked the home cooked food and the general hub-bub and he liked to run off the mouth with the girls and relive the spooky good times on the sly. But each time they went, it ended the exact same way. With him having to tow Brad out of the laundry room, more or less with brute force. The man sure could plant his feet when he wanted too, that's for damn sure. By the time they'd wrapped up their fifth case together it was hard to imagine doing a job without him. It was more than just him being a good fit. The truth was, Brad was a natural. But what he was surprised about was how Lorraine had started looking at him - at Brad - when she figured no one was watching. And yeah- he wasn't about to let that fly without sticking his nose in. \"It wasn't by chance you guys picked him, was it?\" he started off one day, sitting down beside her on the porch steps as they were packing up to drive the next state over for some school-related haunting. Lorraine's smile was kind as looked over at him, rosary clacking gently against the painted pink of her nails as they watched Ed and Brad pack the van. Not looking at all surprised by the question as she leaned into him slightly - companionable and easy. Filling the air with the soft, comforting smell of her perfume. \"No, it wasn't,\" she answered simply, one corner of her mouth tugging upwards. \"We met when Ed and I were investigating some condemned ruins on the very edge of town. It was pitch black. There was no moon. No light coming through the holes in the roof. He must have seen the car parked out front and followed us in. We were following some clear signs of activity when he nearly blinded up with his flashlight. Ed actually yelled . He snuck up on us pretty good, I have to admit.\" He grinned. \"Busted.\" Her smile was beatific and distant like she was remembering. Shaking her head as though part of her still couldn't quite believe it. \"After we finally explained what we were doing, he'd clearly had enough. He told us we had to leave. We were breaking and entering and worse- the place wasn't safe. It'd been condemned for a reason, after all. The building was slated for demolition as soon as the bidding finished. You know how it goes. I'm pretty sure he didn't want to be in there at all, so we weren't exactly surprised when he told us that if we followed him out we'd get off with a warning. Obviously we agreed. We could always come back another night and be smarter with where we parked so it wasn't exactly any skin off our nose either way.\" \"Officer Brad Hamilton laying down the law,\" he teased, nudging her gently. \"Little did he know you two little deviants were playing on a completely different level.\" \"He moment he turned to start leading us out, that was when I saw them. Nearly a dozen of them, all crowded around as he led the way out with his flashlight. Him. Not us. They were children, some of them barely up to his waist. We found out later that the building used to be a boarding school - there was a number of years where tuberculous nearly wiped them out.\" He suppressed a shiver, barely. He hated those cases. They were the kind that had claws that tended to sink into you. Regardless of how much you tried to shake them after the fact. \"I motioned for Ed to keep filming. He didn't know why until we watched the tape afterwards. But you can see these little tugs that swayed Brad away from danger. Plucks on his sleeves. Small shoves. Little hands curling around his boots to angle him out of the way just in time. All designed to keep him safe. The floor was rotting, half ripped up and like an ant-hill of holes,\" she shared, rubbing at her cheek with the beads of her rosary like it was self-soothing. \" I watched them do it. They made sure he was stepping in the right places. They clustered around him so thick it dropped the temperature enough that our teeth were chattering and Brad was rubbing his arms, complaining about the 'weird weather' lately. Not even aware of it. They wanted nothing to do with Ed and I, but for some reason they were drawn to him.\" \"Like the maid...\" he breathed, looking over at where Brad and Ed were trying to fit an overlarge suitcase into the car before Brad tossed up his hands and dragged it out again. Brown hair mussed out of it's usual slick part in a way he didn't know he liked until right then. \"Yes,\" she agreed. \"Call it a sensitivity…an empathy. But whatever it is, it's getting stronger. Especially now that he knows what's out there. You saw him last time, the caretaker's ghost was-\" He shook his head, determined to change the subject. \"So, he's like you?\" \"Yes and no,\" Lorraine answered, this time a bit wistfully. \"In some ways he's better off.\" \"Better off?\" he echoed doubtfully. \"It doesn't take from him,\" she explained with a self-conscious sigh. Looking over at Ed and Brad only her stare seemed to go right through them. \"The bad ones, like the Perron's case, it takes pieces from me. I don't know how to explain it, but sometimes I can feel it hollowing me out. Replacing strength with weakness. Warmth with cold. And it never quite heals. For Brad, it doesn't seem to affect him.\" He flashed to the empty glass of bourbon and the bar bill the man had paid at the end of that night without even blinking. Lips thinning across his face as he reminded himself in mid-gesture not to chew on his nails. Maybe it didn't take in the same way it took from her, but it still affected him. \"He's so special, Drew,\" Lorraine murmured quietly. Creeping him out by how pleased she sounded as Ed let go of a loud huff of laughter at something Brad had said. The sound echoing pleasantly through the window of the suburban. \"He doesn't know does he?\" he asked, already knowing the answer before he voiced it, but wanting it regardless. Realizing that somewhere along the last six months his life had become far more about Brad god damned Hamilton than anyone else. \"No. But you do, don't you?\" Lorraine observed kindly. \"I know you've been looking out for him since the Perron case. He's important to you, isn't he?\" He sighed, stretching slightly as the seat of his trousers threatened to snag across the rough of the cement. Not sure what part he was answering when he eventually forced the words. \"He'll freak out.\" \"He needs to figure it out for himself,\" she countered with a small smile, not at all clarifying matters as she leaned into his shoulder again. \"I know I did. I had to come to terms with it in my own way, long before I met Ed.\" He rolled his eyes. Clear as mud, thanks a lot, Lorraine. \"His gift is self-tempered,\" she murmured after an easy pause, changing tracks completely as he struggled to keep up. \"It isn't raw like mine. He controls himself without realizing it. Not giving up enough of himself for those forces to take pieces from him, but enough for him to make a difference. I didn't know that kind of control was possible. But his is natural.\" \"He said he owed you guys a favor,\" he asked. Suddenly remembering what Brad had said about why he'd taken the Perron job in the first place. She smiled, almost wickedly. Eyes dancing. \"That's something you'll need to ask him about.\" \"Yeah, right,\" he muttered. Thinking that was about as likely as hell freezin' over. And while he figured he knew the answer to the next question too, he asked anyway. \"What did you feel? The first time you touched him, I mean?\" She surprised him by not dismissing it right away, appearing deep in thought as a gust of wind whispered between the trees overhead. Filtering through the groan of shocks from the van as Brad and Ed wrestled with the last of the equipment. Noting off hand that Brad's shirt had gotten untucked on the left side. Revealing a mess of long, lean-muscled lines and- \"He felt like a mirror,\" Lorraine admitted. \"It's his gift, I suppose. The ability to reflect- or at least illuminate the truth. The good in all sides, even in the dark. But I saw- I saw something I don't think has happened yet. Which is strange for me. I usually only pick up things that have happened. Strong memories and impressions. But near the end I saw a field, lazy heat and fallow wheat. I saw him smiling in the sun with someone. It was very lovely, I got the impression that it was a-\" His attention was caught again when Brad bent down, grabbing the last bag. Stuffing it into the van with a triumphant sound before dusting off his hands on his trousers. Because yeah , he wasn't blind, thank you very much. It wasn't exactly something he advertised or anything, but he'd never held himself back from playing for both teams, so to speak. Women and men? They were both attractive in their own ways. And if the person he was crushing on happened to have a strong, stocky build and something more below the belt than just a zipper and a belt buckle, well- it made no difference to him. Even though in Brad's case he was pretty sure he'd get a fist in the face for even askin'. Lorraine cleared her throat. \"What?\" he demanded automatically. Blushing a bit at being so obviously caught. \"Nothing,\" she hummed, clearly amused. Following his gaze before branching off to linger on Ed's easy posture by the van. Leaning with a hip hitched up against the side like something out of the clothing section in the Sears catalogue. He cleared his throat. \"And you?\" he sing-songed pointedly. Chuckling openly as her smile spread like something good and contagious in the best of ways. \"Nothing,\" she parroted. \"What are you two gabbing about?\" Brad asked, startling them both into giggling hiccups. Clearly not sure if he should be laughing with them or offended just in case he might be the butt of the joke. \"Nothing!\" they chorused together. Only laughing all the harder when he shook his head and slouched his way back into the house. Muttering about them being too damn old for school-girl gossip. He was pretty sure he didn't stop smiling the whole drive. A/N: Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Stay tuned for the next part of the series. Reference: - Preternatural: beyond what is normal or natural. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thin"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Journals from Ed and Lorraine Warren","Author":"MuseRobbin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12496066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Journals from Ed and Lorraine Warren Chapter 1 The Beginning Have you ever seen a shadow in your room at night? One that doesn't match up with any piece of furniture? No matter how hard you try, you just can't seem to figure out where that shadow is coming from. This is the story of one woman every time she goes to bed. Now I am going to sleep in her room with my own husband, Ed, to see if we can see the same effect. Our work isn't about proving that evil exists. We know it does. It's about proving not every single bump in the night or shadow on the wall is something sinister. There are often many explanations to strange occurrences. However, there have been many times when that woman in bed has been right. It's a scary thought for nonbelievers who throw themselves deep into medical studies to drown their own fears. But the more you fear something, the more it will haunt you. So we drive through a neighborhood with the normal houses and the normal picket fences and the normal kids on their bikes. The house Ed stops the car in front of isn't any different it seems- well, to others. I sense the dampening of good energy around the house. \"Someone is having a hard time here,\" I say aloud. \"I was hoping that wasn't the case,\" Ed replies staring down the house as if sizing up the rival football team. \"Let's see what their story is.\" Ed rings the doorbell while I stand touching my rosary beads on my wrist sending a prayer for the family. A man answers the door. His mannerism is polite but slightly condescending in the way he greets us. We've become accustomed to this type. The woman is usually terrified out of her mind while the husband is consciously oblivious. He introduces himself as Andrew and shows us the way into the living room where his wife, Andrea, sits on the sofa nervously. She has made a pot of tea and has cookies freshly baked on a platter. \"Hello,\" she extends her hand, \"I'm Andrea. We spoke on the phone.\" \"I'm Lorraine and this is my husband, Ed.\" I take her hand and feel that she is definitely the more concerned of the two. After the introductions, the pair stands awkwardly probably waiting for us to pull out our bibles and give an exorcism on the house this very moment. Ed clears his throat, \"Why don't we all sit down, and you tell us how this all started?\" Andrew turns to his wife. She looks very nervous so I pour us all tea and hand her a cup. \"Well, okay,\" she sighs. \"You probably think I'm silly.\" \"Not at all,\" I say, \"You're just concerned for your wellbeing\" Andrew shrugs. I take a deep breath trying not to sound rude, \"Its best if we all listen with support. Go ahead, Andrea.\" \"I'm not really sure when I began noticing it. It certainly wasn't right away. But I began noticing there was this shadow on my wall. But it seemed odd because there wasn't any piece of furniture or any lamp shade that wasn't already projecting a shadow. Just this tall, wide shadow on the wall.\" \"Why don't you tell them the other detail, sweetie?\" Andrew prompts looking a little less comfortable. \"Well, sometimes it's there and sometimes it's not.\" She looks around at all of us expecting us get up and run out of the house. Ed leans forward, \"Can you see it, Andrew?\" \"Yes, but I think it's a tree outside the window, and the moon changing positions is the reason why we sometimes can't see it.\" \"But that doesn't make any sense!\" Andrea bursts out. \"There is as street light outside shining light through the window no matter what.\" Ed holds up his hands, \"We've already agreed to spend the night, let's just see how this goes.\" \"Right,\" I chime in, \"We'll sleep in your room, and you do have a guest room? I don't want to make you sleep on the floor.\" \"Yes, yes we do,\" Andrea replies. \"This sounds good. We want to thank you so much for doing this. It just bothers me. I want to clear my mind of it, you know?\" \"It's no problem at all,\" Ed replies. So we go lay down that night in the couple's bed trying to get comfortable. Ed has a bible on the night table next to us, and I have mine under my pillow. My rosary beads are still tightly around my wrist where I pray on them still trying to get my bearings. At some point, we have to turn off the lamp light and see this shadow, but Ed and I are both procrastinating a little. It can be quite disconcerting to know you are probably going to see something right next to you that wasn't there with the lights on. I take a deep breath. \"Alright, Ed, let's do this.\" He switches the light off. I already have the quilt up around my neck and ears. I'm waiting for my eyes to adjust to the light. Slowly, shadows start forming on the walls. Okay, that's the lamp, that's the desk, and that's the dresser. \"Well nothing out of the ordinary here,\" Ed says. \"I guess we'll have to wait.\" I say wishing that we could get this over with. My mind drifts to our own home with our comfortable bed and no weird shadows on the wall. Then slowly I drift off. I wake up and it's still dark. Suddenly, I realize where I am. The shadows. I start counting. Okay, that's the lamp, that's the desk, that's the dresser… What is that? \"Ed!\" I shake him. \"What is it?\" \"Count the shadows!\" I cry at him. \"Lamp, check. Desk, check. Dresser, check. Indistinguishable figure, check.\" \"What is it?\" I whisper trying to make sense of it. \"It wasn't there before, right?\" \"Definitely not,\" Ed whispers back. I think about what it looks like. \"Ed, you know what it looks like? A… a nun.\" Then the shadow moves on the wall and disappears through the door toward the guest room. \"Andrea!\" I cry. ","Summary":" Journals from Ed and Lorraine Warren Chapter 1 The Beginning Have you ever seen a shadow in your ro"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Biaiothanatoi","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12552884","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part two of my \"(Human) connections\" series featuring Brad and Drew, follows \"Agamoi\" but could also be read independent of that fic. – I wanted to examine the events that happened post movie. So, that night or the night after for sake of setting. Disclaimer: supernatural elements, ghosts, hauntings, canon appropriate violence, adult language, pre-slash, drama, angst, post movie. Biaiothanatoi \"I thought it was all a load of bunk,\" Brad opened, nearly ten minutes after he slid onto the bar-stool beside him. Instantly regretting ordering whatever it was the man was drinking from the bartender smoking menthols out the line-kitchen window at the far edge of the bar. \"Most people do,\" he answered easily. Nose wrinkling as he gave the honey-dark bourbon a dubious sniff. Part of him registering the way the man's voice was rock steady. Posture slouched and easy-perfect like it was any other Friday night, relaxing after a shift at the station. It was the subtle little tremble in the hand holding the glass that gave him away. \"Why'd you take the job anyway?\" \"Needed the money,\" Brad grunted, taking a long pull from his glass as he continued staring straight ahead into nothing. Condensation beading between his fingers as he turned the glass idly around and around the coaster. \"Besides, I owed Ed a favor.\" There were about seven different questions he had about that. Namely, who ends up owing Ed Warren a favor that doesn't involve coming face to face with the supernatural? \"Why me?\" Brad rasped, voice rough. Whether with emotion or the harshness of the liquor, it was hard to tell. The clock on the wall ticked dependably beside an obnoxiously flickering Pepsi sign. 8:56pm. 8:57pm. 8:58pm. 8:59pm. 9:00pm. \"Why anyone, man?\" he replied with a shrug, taking a micro-sip from his glass and trying not to be a pussy about it. \"A better question is why them? I mean, think about it. You know better than anyone that people die everyday, a lot of times terribly. But you don't see ghosts hanging around everywhere. This time it was easy, there was a demon involved. Usually they just have something they want, something they didn't do or say. There's always a reason they're sticking around. Most times we just have to figure out what that is, then get some Priest to send them on their way.\" \"It was like...she wanted someone to see it. What that thing did to her? It felt like she wanted me to know it wasn't her fault,\" Brad said softly. Letting the moment rest for a half beat before he abruptly shook his head and slammed back the rest of his drink before motioning over to his full glass with an slurry half-smirk. \"You gonna finish that?\" He pushed it over with almost embarrassing eagerness as Brad's eyebrow ticked up a notch. Frowning when the muscle in his wounded cheek tried to twitch with the rest of the expression but failed somewhere along the way. Not even bothering to wipe the rim of the glass as he hooked it over and took a healthy swing. Knocking it back like he didn't even have taste buds anymore. \"Hey Tim, get the guy a beer, eh?\" Now that was more like it. \"Who knows, dude. She might have singled you out just because you were up and moving and she was feelin' the itch. Or maybe because she knew what you were. There would have been cops involved when she kicked the bucket. At least at the start. She might blame the uniform for not uncovering the truth in the first place. Or maybe you're right, maybe she just wanted to share what really happened. Maybe to someone she figured might be able to do something about it,\" he said with a shrug. \"You mean like changing the records? From a suicide to a murder?\" Brad asked, looking thoughtful. \"Sure, that and maybe getting a priest in to make sure her soul ends up in the right place,\" he added, combing his fingers through his hair as he stretched. Trying to work the kinks out of his sore shoulders. \"She might've been afraid to move on considering it was reported as a suicide. She was Catholic, after all. They don't so services for that kind of stuff. It's still considered a mortal sin, you know.\" \"Christ,\" Brad sighed. Leaving him inclined to agree on so many levels before he hesitated. \"It's rare, actually,\" he admitted, wondering if he'd finally managed to put his foot in his mouth as a small little voice in the back of his mind urged him to be careful. \"What is?\" \"For a ghost to come to you directly,\" he explained, tracing the halfway mark where the amber liquid in his glass was barely kissing the fading line of foam. \"Unless you're one of the people it's latched onto. I mean, she wasn't even housebound. She was probably wandering the land since she worked in one of the houses that used to be part of the original property. Bet she wasn't even in the house most of the time, but still- she chose you. Hell, she only ever appeared fully to you. That means something.\" Brad was looking at him properly now. Full on. No holds barred. Maybe for the first time since he'd sat down. Expression threatening to be hard, but ruined by an openly vulnerable look that made his chest ache. It wasn't pity. But maybe something close to- \"I've only seen that kind of thing happen to Lorraine,\" he continued, something in Brad's face encouraging it even though he knew he should probably just keep his mouth shut. \"Usually even the weird ones avoid skeptics. I mean, think of them as people stuck on low battery. You don't waste juice on someone who's going to be hard to get through to, right? That's why they go after kids. It doesn't take much convincing.\" Brad nodded slowly before frowning again. \"Well, you said it yourself, didn't you? Maybe she figured I was responsible for how everything played out. Maybe she figured I could do something, should do something ,\" the man argued. Bar stool creaking, geriatric and mildly threatening, as he leaned forward. Swirling the thin slivers of ice in his glass with a frustrated rattle. \"Yeah,\" he muttered, sipping at his beer. Grateful when the unconvinced lilt went completely over the man's head. Keeping his eyes on the hand ticking down the seconds on the clock. Wondering off-hand if the Perron's were doing the same thing at home, waiting to see if it really was over. You didn't have to be Lorraine Warren to have the knack for the supernatural, after all. \"I'm gonna take some flowers up to her headstone tomorrow, if I can find it. Say a few words or something,\" Brad told him after an awkward pause. Clearing his throat in a way that gave him flashbacks to earlier when he'd been taking the mickey out of him for how wide the man's eyes had gone when the basement door slammed closed on its own accord. \"That's very nice,\" he said politely. \"I'll come with you.\" Because it was nice. And who knows, maybe it would help with both their nightmares. Brad just grunted and ordered him another beer without asking. He didn't do anything to stop him, either. Sometimes you just had to drink. A/N: Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Reference: - Biaiothanatoi: \"those dead by violence.\" This is considered a type of 'restless dead'. Specifically the battle-dead and executed criminals, although murder victims and suicides provide the bitterest ghosts in this class. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thin"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"I can't help falling in love with you","Author":"Moira.Shipper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12079150","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : MoiraShipper Summary: My version of how it would be if they do another 'The Conjuring', showing how Ed and Lorraine met each other. I can't help falling in love with you Like a river flows, surely to the sea Darling so it goes, somethings are meant to be Take my hand, take my whole life too For I can't help falling in love with you Elvis Presley-I can't help falling in love Bridgeport, Connecticut. 1943. Edward Warren was working that Wednesday night at the entrance of the cinema and as always, the handsome gray-eyed boy was waiting for Lorraine Moran to appear. Lorraine was a beautiful girl with brown hair falling in waves on her shoulders, a beautiful smile and the bluest and also kinder eyes than he had ever seen. He knew she was a junior high school student, while her was a senior, because he had seen the girl once in his school, going to the classroom. Every Wednesday, she would came with her mother to watch a movie, and the first time that Ed had seen her in a summer dress with her mother in the queue, he'd felt as if his world had stopped, hearing her mother call her name, telling her something. He had lost himself in her blue eyes, which had turned to the other side quickly as she'd lowered her face, flushed and he'd known he was in love with her, as his heart raced. But he'd never had the courage to talk to her, despite being popular in school and many girls wanting to go out with him. Despite her beauty and gentle way, every time he saw her there in the cinema, he saw how lonely she was, despite going with her mother. There were always other teens there, some girls he knew were from her class, they didn't talk to her, some of them would cast her scorn looks and it had started to bother Ed, making him feel a strong desire to take Lorraine away to protect and love her, even though something told him that she was a strong girl and knew how to take care of herself. Ed ran a hand through his brown hair when then he saw the beautiful girl, no, the most beautiful girl in the world, stopping in front of the wall of the street where the posters of the films on display were, but this time alone. Seeing that there was no one in the queue, he stepped out from behind the rope that blocked the entrance to the rooms and took a deep breath, touching the cross he always wore under his shirt, ready to go talk to her. But when he started walking toward her, he saw two girls and two boys approaching Lorraine and he could hear what one of the girls was saying, while Lorraine turned to them, her eyes sad. \"Look who's here, weird Lorraine. Don't you have a tarot card to read or something like that tonight?\" \"Lauren, please, stop it.\" Lorraine asked tiredly, but polite. Lauren and some of her friends had been teasing her since elementary school, when Lorraine had realized she was clairvoyant and accidentally discovered that Lauren had been responsible for pushing a girl from their class down the stairs, because she had been chosen for a beauty contest instead of Lauren and Lorraine had confronted her about that. Since that day, Lauren began to bother Lorraine, realizing that she could see certain things and convinced the others girls to tease her. Since that day, Lorraine had begun to avoid her classmates and friends and focused on her studies, and her mother, who knew of her gift, had suggested to transfer her to another school, but as Lorraine had said, it wouldn't change anything and that she had to face it her problems. \"But it's true, you're not normal!\" Lauren continued, smirking and turning to Bob, her boyfriend, a bully from the senior year. Boy blocked Lorraine's way when she'd tried to get away from him, crossing his arms and looking at her in a malicious way, startling her. Lorraine knew that one of the reasons Lauren had started making her life difficult was because Bob had always wanted Lorraine, but after Lauren had told their friends that Lorraine was crazy, Bob had started dating her. \"Bob, get out of my way, please.\" \"I don't think so.\" He said and then added in a low voice so that only she could hear: \"You can be a little weird, but you're still hot...\" \"Bob, leave her alone.\" Everyone looked turned around and saw Ed approaching them and stopping in front of Lorraine, his face serious face, but his eyes were angry. \"Or what?\" Bob asked disdainfully. Bob and Ed had never got along, because Bob was trouble, always threatening everyone and now, seeing him threatening Lorraine, the beautiful and gentle Lorraine, it had made Ed, usually calm, became angry and go to them before Bob could do something to her. Ed then grabbed him by the front of his shirt and said, very serious: \"If you cause any confusion or bother Lorraine ever again, I'll call the police and I know your father has made it clear that if you get yourself into trouble again, he won't help you.\" And he released him with a shove, making Bob look at him angry, but grabbed Lauren by the arm and left, accompanied by their two friends and Ed turned to Lorraine, feeling all the air from his lungs leave him, while watching her closely, as he smiled gently: \"Are you okay?\" Lorraine felt paralyzed for a moment, as she looked at his gray eyes, like only her heart was moving, beating fast. She'd always admired the handsome boy, since she had started going to that cinema, always kind and smiling at her, even if they'd never exchanged a word and from the first day when she had seen him working there and had touched on his shoulder by accident, seeing that he would be the greatest love of her life. But she had doubted what she'd seen because they had never talked to each other. Until that moment. \"Yes... Thank you.\" She said, opening a small smile and cocked her head to the side curiously: \"How do you know my name?\" \"I heard your mother say it when you began to come here.\" He replied sheepishly and extending his hand to her. \"My name is Ed Warren.\" \"It's a pleasure. And you remembered it all this time?\" She asked touched and surprise and he nodded, his eyes shining as he felt her hand hold his and she stared at their hands together for a moment, smiling as if she were miles away. \"Because it was important.\" Ed said, making her rise her face and look even more surprised, feeling her face flush as she released his hand and he thought she looked even more beautiful, before he saw two people approaching the box office and he asked: \"Are you still going to watch the movie?\" She nodded and then he walked with her to the entrance and smiled, wishing he wasn't working that night, so he could keep her company. \"I hope you enjoy the movie, Lorraine.\" \"Thank you, Ed.\" She replied with a beautiful smile, before entering, knowing that as much interesting the movie might be, she wouldn't be paying any attention, thinking of Ed at the entrance all the time. Upon arriving in the room, the popcorn's vendor called her, handing her a chocolate bar, which he told her that had been paid by the boy who worked at entrance and she saw it was her favorite and couldn't stop smiling. When the movie ended and people started to leave, Lorraine straightened her dress, feeling her heart beating fast and she left the room, finding Ed waiting for her outside, no longer dressed in the red jacket from the place and she smiled: \"Is your mother coming to take you?\" \"No, she has a dinner tonight. But I live nearby.\" \"If you want, I can accompany, it's not safe for a young woman walk alone at night.\" Ed said, he'd finished his shift and the idea of her going home alone worried him. \"It'd be nice, if it won't be a problem for you.\" She replied shyly, and the smile he gave her was the answer. He then extended his hand to Lorraine, who accepted it and they felt warmth running through their veins, as they began to walk hand in hand. \"How was the movie?\" \"It was great, really I enjoyed it. And thanks again for... before.\" She said, but Ed shook his head, serious: \"I don't like bullies threatening anyone, especially good people. You don't deserve to be treated that way by those two.\" \"But I... I'm not normal, like Lauren said.\" Lorraine admitted and he looked at her curiously: \"Sometimes when I touch an object or someone, I see things...\" And she told him about him about things she saw sometimes and, what had happened between her and Lauren. \"Like a clairvoyant.\" Ed said surprised, shocking Lorraine and he ran his free hand through his hair, telling her something that not even his friends knew, feeling nervous: \"When I was a child, I saw spirits for the first time, but no one believed me, especially my father. So I grew up and started looking for books and newspapers that talk about it and one day, I stumbled on this word, clairvoyance.\" \"You can see spirits?\" She asked, her eyes widening a bit, and as impossible as it seemed, she firmly believed in him, because her heart was telling her that he was good but also because of her own experiences. \"Yes, my father never believed in me so I never told it to anyone, until tonight.\" He admitted, staring at her passionately. \"Seeing things that others people can't see don't make you weird or abnormal. But different, a different good. You are good.\" They had stopped under a tree, near Lorraine's house and the boy looked at her fondly, raising his free hand and stroking her cheek, as if it was a dream and then her ear, making her sigh, closing her eyes and getting lost in his touch. \"Ed... Thank you for sharing your story with me, you're wonderful...\" She murmured, and then Ed said passionately: \"Lorraine, I know that today was the first time we spoke to each other, but the truth is that I fell in love with you the first time I saw you.\" His heart was beating fast as his fingers continued to caress her face, seeing her eyes open, but instead of seeing shock or surprise in them, she smiled shy, but beautifully, blushing and then he understood, as a smile appeared on his lips too: \"You saw it happening?\" \"The things I see sometimes are glimpses. The first time I saw and touched on your shoulder, I knew you would be...\" She took a deep breath, staring at his gray eyes, which were full of love and affection and she said, timidly but her voice was full of love: \"That you would be the love of my life, Ed.\" \"Lorraine...\" Ed muttered, surprised as his heart warmed with her words and she looked at him, waiting. \"Then you feel the same for me? Would you go on a date with me tomorrow?\" \"I'm in love with you and yes, I'd love to go out with you...\" Lorraine said, laughing and looking at him, seeing his charming smile, while Ed lowered his head forward, very close to her face, watching each reaction in Lorraine's face carefully: \"Can I kiss you?\" And when her smile widened, Ed knew that no girl would ever enchant him as Lorraine had and slowly, he pressed his lips to hers in a sweet and gentle kiss. Lorraine felt a good tingle on her lips and slowly, her slightly widened eyes closed while a smile spread on her face. His hand that was on her face fell to her other hand, interlacing their fingers, feeling an almost magical warmth on his lips that spread to his body, caused by the contact his body with hers, who was the love of his life now, while he felt her lips start moving over his. When they broke the kiss, Lorraine leaned her forehead to his, smiling and Ed asked affectionately: \"Was it your first kiss?\" When she nodded, still smiling, he was enveloped by a wave of love for her for giving him that privilege. \"And what did you think?\" \"It was wonderful...\" She whispered softly, her face flushed, still feeling the slight tingle on her lips and then she added amused: \"But I'm not sure, I would have to be kissed again to compare...\" The second kiss was more passionate, leaving them breathless and the couple knew that this was only the second of many kisses they would share and that their love was for a lifetime. ","Summary":" Author : MoiraShipper Summary: My version of how it would be if they do another 'The Conjuring', sh"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"I need you","Author":"Moira.Shipper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12082726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: MoiraShipper Summary: Pre TC1. Ed and Lorraine finally talk after the eight days she'd stayed locked in the bedroom. I need you Eight days. It had been eight days since his wife, Lorraine, had locked herself in their bedroom, after Maurice's exorcism and Ed was worried about her. Lorraine was one of the strongest women he'd ever met, but that case had left her terrified. She hadn't eaten for eight days, and from the noise he'd heard through the guest's room wall, she hadn't been sleeping too, at least not much. But that morning, everything changed. After he said goodbye to their daughter, who went to school, he went to the corridor of their bedroom with a heavy heart, leaning against the wall beside their door, so he could feel closer to Lorraine and he sighed sadly. Then the door opened slowly and Ed saw Lorraine at the door, in her white robe and his heart sank seeing how pale and sad she looked, in addition to losing weight, although she was beautiful to him. \"Love...\" Ed muttered, approaching her worried and then he raises a hand and stroked her face gently, staring into her eyes that he considered the bluest and most gentle eyes he had ever seen, but that right now were suffering. \"I'm sorry, Ed...\" She murmured, feeling her eyes filling with tears as she thought about the vision she'd had when Maurice had grabbed her and, the enormous longing she'd felt for her husband and their daughter, Jude. \"Don't apologize, Lorraine.\" He said, trying to calm her, but his voice turned out a little high because of the concern, sounding a criticism and so he wrapped his arms around her and the woman buried her face in his chest, feeling his love and scent, which she had missed in those eight days she had been struggling with she'd seen. \"Just don't do it ever again, I know you had to deal with what you saw, but I don't want to see you suffering like this, it worried me.\" Lorraine nodded, feeling the tears falling and Ed rubbed her back with one hand while the other caressed her ear with affection. \"Lorraine, look at me, love.\" When she looked up, she saw all his love and concern in his gray eyes and then he wiped her tears and his serious face softened and he said: \"I love you Lorraine more than my life.\" \"And I, you, Ed I don't want to be separated from you, never, I need you.\" She whispered looking at him and Ed said softly: \"And you have me, forever, love. Remember our wedding vows? What therefore Godhasjoined together, let not man separate and, in our case, the evil spirits.\" \"Thank you...\" Lorraine said, lifting her arms and wrapping them around his neck and she tiptoed to be able to look at him better, opening a beautiful smile for him. Ed, feeling her smile calming his heart, lowered his head and kissed her lips gently. The two sighed, while Lorraine's lips moved over his, corresponding to the kiss, before he parted her lips with his tongue while his hand that was on her back brought her closer to him, feeling the heat from her body over her robe and she stroked the hair of his neck. When they parted to catch their breath, Lorraine leaned into him, feeling dizzy and Ed grabbed her by the waist, brushing away her hair from her forehead to look at her better and said, worried: \"You need to eat love, you haven't eaten for eight days and it weakened you.\" \"I don't think my stomach can hold anything right now.\" She replied, taking a deep breath as he rubbed her back gently and then she smiled shyly: \"Would you care to lie down with me for a little bit?\" \"That's what I want the most, hold you in my arms and take care of you.\" He said, guiding her into their bedroom and pulled the bed sheet aside for her while Lorraine removed her robe and then he said fondly, but in a way that left no room for discussion: \"Lie down a bit, I'll make some tea and toast for your stomach and then you rest.\" He kissed Lorraine's forehead, who sat on the bed, smiling at her husband's affection and, twenty minutes later, he returned with a mug of tea and some toasts for her, sitting on the bed too and arranging for she to stay with her back against his chest as she drank the tea. Lorraine involved both hands around the cup, warming them as she relaxed her back against Ed's chest, who had his hands resting around her belly, caressing her as he watched her drink the tea, looking so serene and he smiled, knowing that everything would be fine. \"One day, will you tell me what you saw?\" He asked, kissing her hair and Lorraine placed the mug on the nightstand, feeling her stomach better and she turned her head to the side, staring at him, more relaxed about what she had seen, because what Ed had told her so she kissed his lips, saying: \"One day, when it's necessary. Now all I want is to stay in my husband's arms.\" \"Your wish is my command.\" He joked, but his voice was full of love, as he laid with her, his back over the mattress as she stood over his chest, supporting a hand over the mattress to be able to kiss him. Ed ran a hand over her thigh, massaging it and causing shivers on the woman, before slowly rising to her back, under her nightgown and toward side of her bosom, feeling his body stiffen for being so close to her and Lorraine sighed, stroking his chest with her free hand, supporting one leg between his and feeling the kiss become more demanding. Breaking the kiss breathless, Ed brought her head to rest over his left arm, to use it as a pillow, while he covered them with the blanket and Lorraine laid a hand on his chest, feeling his heartbeat and he placed his hand over her, entwining their fingers. Ed then kissed her forehead before she fell asleep and he said: \"I love you, Lorraine.\" \"I love you, Ed.\" ","Summary":" Author: MoiraShipper Summary: Pre TC1. Ed and Lorraine finally talk after the eight days she'd stay"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Lar é onde o coração está","Author":"MissD.Willows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12153927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A vida de um Demonologista, ao contrário do que o cinema poderia fazer as pessoas pensarem, não se parece com o famoso e perturbador filme de Willian Friedkin. Não haviam exorcismos diários ou ameaças terrivelmente perigosas num esquema diário, e por isso Ed era imensamente grato. Muitas vezes, os demônios pessoais podem ser muito mais poderosos do que aqueles que escapam dos beirais do inferno e se prostram na terra, a procura de uma alma fraca o bastante para que possa o alimentar. E, nesse aspecto, não há nada que os Warrens possam fazer além de tentar confortar uma pobre alma aflita. Fora isso, no entanto, a vida podia ser até bem tranqüila. E nas ocasiões em que não estava totalmente dedicado a pesquisas para um ou outro caso, ou atendendo a algum chamado da igreja, Ed gostava de se dedicar à pintura, uma de suas primeiras paixões. Cada pincelada era como o alicerce de um mundo novo criado por ele. Nada mais existia, apenas ele, a tela e o pincel. Naquele dia, seus pincéis e tintas recriavam com cuidado e delicadeza sua outra paixão: sua esposa, melhor amiga e companheira. Absorto no trabalho, ele demorou um pouco até perceber o som do piano e, incapaz de evitar, um sorriso iluminou seu rosto. Ele se levantou, caminhando lentamente até a sala de estar, onde se recostou no batente da porta, assistindo a cena diante de si. Era uma linda manhã de outono, ainda com resquícios do final do verão, e a luz do sol que entrava pela janela dava ao ambiente uma atmosfera etérea e aconchegante, ao mesmo tempo que refletia nos cabelos de Lorraine como um halo de pura luz, transformando-a num anjo. Seu lindo anjo de belos olhos azuis, sorriso gentil e uma fé inabalável. Há muito tempo ele não a via ao piano, e aproveitou que ela não notara sua presença para observá-la tocando a melodia que ele sabia que ela adorava, uma que já tinha embalado muitos momentos entre eles. Stars shining bright above you Night breezes seems to whisper I love you Birds singing in the sycamore tree Dream a little dream of me Ver Lorraine ao piano era sempre um bom sinal. Ela estava feliz, sem demônios ou espíritos para sugar sua energia. E se ela estava feliz, ele também estava. Enquanto observava seu corpo se movendo suavemente ao ritmo da música e o tom quase dourado que seus cabelos refletiam, Ed não pode deixar de pensar que, sim, eles eram o tipo piegas de casal que só encontrava a felicidade plena com a felicidade do outro. Não havia como ser de outra forma, quando pareciam ser os únicos no mundo capazes de compreender totalmente um ao outro, e acreditar um no outro mesmo quando todo o mundo virava as costas a eles. Say nighty-night and kiss me Just hold me tight and tell me you'll miss me While I'm alone, blue as can be Dream a little dream of me Guiado pelo doce som da voz de sua esposa, ele se aproximou, sentando-se no banco ao lado dela. Notando que ela estava parando de tocar, ele a acompanhou: Stars fading but I linger on dear Still craving your kiss Ela sorriu para ele, desviando o olhar para seus lábios só por um segundo antes de retomar a melodia. I'm longing to linger till down dear Just saying this Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you But in your dreams whatever they be Dream a little of me Ela deslizou os dedos devagar pelos últimos acordes da música, enquanto Ed se aproximou mais e a enlaçou pela cintura, sentindo o calor do corpo dela se espalhar pelo dele como raios de sol numa manhã de inverno. Ela cheirava a lavanda, flores exóticas e algo que ele não sabia como definir mas era intrinsecamente ela. - não vi você se aproximar. - não queria te atrapalhar, você parecia tão feliz. - você nunca me atrapalha. Sabe disso. – ela lhe respondeu com um sorriso gentil, como se ele tivesse feito uma observação particularmente idiota. Ele, no entanto, a olhou com mais intensidade. Ela parecia tão irreal e perfeita, e vê-la sorrindo tão abertamente e com tanta facilidade o fazia lembrar-se de todas as vezes em que ela mal tinha forças para se levantar, para dar atenção à filha, ou a ele, ou fazer qualquer tarefa, na verdade. E sempre, sempre os malditos oito dias em que a única coisa que o manteve vivo e com a sanidade intacta foi a esperança de tirá-la daquele vazio que a consumia, de fazê-la sorrir de novo, pois ele não suportaria perdê-la. O que faziam tinha um preço, e ele sabia que era cobrado muito mais dela, mas isso... seria um valor alto demais. Um que ele não estava disposto a pagar. - O que foi? – o sorriso dela se alterou um pouco e ela estreitou os olhos ante a expressão dele. - Nada. - ele balançou a cabeça levemente, tentando espantar os fantasmas que o assombravam. - Só estou admirando você. - Ah...? - Você sabe o quanto eu admiro uma bela obra de arte. – ele sorriu, levantando uma sobrancelha para ela. - Seu bobo! – ela riu, mas desviou o olhar para o piano por um momento, a risada se transformando num sorriso triste. - Senti falta de tocar. Já faz um tempo. - Eu notei. - Ed tinha um tom grave na voz - Você arranhando as notas como um gato engasgado é difícil de não notar. Ela lhe deu um tapa de leve mas riu da brincadeira mesmo assim. Ambos sabiam que ela era ótima pianista, mesmo que nunca tenha freqüentado um conservatório. - Eu me preocupo com você. - Ele confessou, a voz firme, mas pouco mais alta que um sussurro. - Com o trabalho que fazemos... Eu sei o quanto isso a afeta, e eu juro por deus, tem dias que eu trocaria tudo, daria qualquer coisa, pra não ter que te ver sofrendo os efeitos disso, pra fazer isso tudo desaparecer... - Ah, Ed... Mas você faz! – ela se virou no banco ficando de frente para ele, e descansou a mão em sua bochecha; ele cobriu sua mão com a dele, afastando-a de leve só o bastante para depositar um beijo suave em sua palma. - Você faz tudo melhor. Se não fosse por você... Eu jamais seria capaz de fazer o que faço, de passar por tudo isso. Nem mesmo para ajudar todas aquelas pessoas. Você é meu equilibro, Ed. - Eu gostaria de poder fazer mais, de garantir que nada nessa nossa vida louca a perturbe, mas eu não posso. Só posso te oferecer o meu apoio. E meu amor. Não é muito, mas é tudo o que eu posso oferecer. - E é só o que eu preciso. - Lorraine tinha as duas mãos em seu rosto, agora. Seus olhos procurando os dele. Eles se olharam fixamente por alguns segundos, naquele jeito tão próprio de conversarem sem palavras, e se abraçaram. E no espaço de um abraço não havia lugar para dúvidas ou questionamento. - Alguma vez você já se arrependeu? – ele perguntou, ainda abraçado a ela, a cabeça apoiada na curva de seu pescoço delicado, sentindo o cheiro dela, capaz de acalmá-lo melhor que qualquer coisa. - De quê? - Dessa vida. Nós... Ela o empurrou devagar, uma expressão séria no rosto. -Edward Warren, o que é que quer dizer com isso? - Nada, eu só... - É bom que não seja nada, mesmo. – ela o cortou. – Você nunca, jamais, me faça uma pergunta sem sentido assim, ou terei que colocá-lo para dormir o Sr. Winston. – ela balançou a cabeça e soltou um leve suspiro exasperado. - Deus, você é lindo, mas ás vezes é tão bobo! Ele sorriu diante da expressão sincera dela. - Lindo, é? - Calado! – o sorriso dela se alargou e ela se aproximou novamente, beijando- o suavemente nos lábios. A verdade é que ela também tinha seus medos, mas algo que nunca questionou foi a lealdade e o amor que sentiam um pelo outro. A vida podia sim, ser uma batalha, mas ela estava muito mais disposta a lutar com ele a seu lado. Quando se separaram, era como se a luz filtrada pelas cortinas de linho tivesse criado uma nova perspectiva para ambos. E, mais uma vez, eles confirmaram a certeza de que eram o destino um do outro. Deus havia mesmo os juntado por uma razão. Naquele momento, olhando para Lorraine, Ed se lembrou de todas as vezes que foi julgado e mal interpretado pelas pessoas em quem confiou. Pelas pessoas que deviam acreditar nele, mas nunca o fizeram. E ele sabia o quanto tinha sido difícil para ela, também, ainda mais que para ele. E naquele momento ele se lembrou de algo que ouvira certa vez. \"Lar é onde o coração está.\" E, para eles, \"lar\" não era uma casa, um lugar, que pode ser marcado com um ponto em algum velho mapa, mas uma pessoa. E, quando Lorraine o olhava daquele jeito doce reservado só pra ele, Ed sabia que tinha achado seu lar. ","Summary":" A vida de um Demonologista, ao contrário do que o cinema poderia fazer as pessoas pensarem, não se "},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Through the Eyes of Evil","Author":"DWAR","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13113101","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Despite the fact that it had been several centuries since its failure to cross to the mortal plane, the entity could nevertheless still sense what was happening within lands that surrounded the disgustingly sanctified grounds. The mortal fools who had been charged with maintaining it's prison continued to offer up prayers to a being who had foolishly sacrificed his son in order to cleanse the sins of mankind. A gift that had inevitably been wasted as the developing factions of mankind continued to spill blood to ensure that their interpretation of God's will triumphed over all others. The deeply rooted fear of those who had been tasked with supplying the abbey's inhabitants with the necessary resources to continue its existence. And the most delicious of all, the growing sense of terror that seemed to be directed eastwards It did not know the specific reason why it's human jailers grew increasingly fearful at something other than the very thing they had devoted their lives to keeping imprisoned, but it could guess. Invasion. It always amused the being that despite it's jailers always harping on about the dangers of it's kind, most of the evils of the world were conducted by those humans who claimed that they were only following the will of the Divine. There of course existed small numbers of misguided fools who believed that dealing with forces other than those of Heaven would usher in a new era of bliss or prosperity, but they were usually dealt with before they accomplished their goal. The duke had been an excellent example of the type of human whose stupidity could be twisted for the benefit of the forces of Evil. But sadly, his inability to protect his castle from intruders ensured that it's entrance into the mortal world would be delayed. However, while the Blood of Christ had sealed the rift, it was by no means a permanent state of affairs. The constant praying of the abbey's inhabitants ensured that the seal remained free of any crack large enough for it to slither through, but that didn't mean it's ability to influence the outside world was completely unusable. Its ability to cause unease and suspicion was still sufficient enough to cause the nuns to keep away from the chamber in which it had almost emerged, and to a degree it could also influence the though patterns of those who existed beyond the grounds of the abbey. Not enough to cause them to act in a manner that was amusing to the dark entity, but sufficient enough so that they feared and hated the former fortress almost as much as it did. And considering the growing terror that seemed to accompany the ever approaching thunder, perhaps it would cause these new humans to act in a manner that was against their interest. For human kind was always rather gifted in developing the tools that caused nothing but misery to their fellow mortals, and what better way to show that then by releasing something that would have them begging for death. It was only a matter of time. … 1 st segement done J I am a big fan of supernatural horror films, especially the ones of this universe, so I thought I'd get around to writing a fanfic about the viewpoint of each of them. Plan to write 3 segments per villain, with some of them getting 6 due to the fact that they appear in more than one movie XP. Anyway, hope you enjoyed this. Reviews welcome. Til next time.[Chapter 2] Though it might have lacked the raw power of some of the more recognizable denizens of hell, the being was still capable of performing the duties that each and every demon had to perform during the continuing mission to further corrupt human kind. While it's fellow demons preferred to start with minor acts of vandalism before evolving into actions that were designed to both terrify and corrupt those they haunted, it's preferences tended to lean towards a more gradual decay into agony. Such a method required the right set of circumstances to ensure a greater degree of success, and ran the risk of gaining the unwanted attention of the Church if it's target was insufficiently swayed by it's disguise, but if done correctly, the terror and despair of its victims was more than enough to compensate for these minor inconveniences. It fondly remembered its last successful mission, for that had been the first time it had decided to seek out those whose grief was the worst kind a human could experience. While posing as the spirit of a deceased spouse or parental figure had been amusing as well as effective, especially if the death had been untimely, or inspired feelings of guilt, taking on the identity of a child was not only easier, but also allowed for a greater absorption of power before it's true nature was discovered. And since it thrived off of the pain of others, it had drawn great strength from watching the previously happy couple fall into despair as they realized that they had been tricked. And with that added power, it had been able to ensure that their deaths would simply look like an extreme case of depression fueled suicide, which in turn allowed it to escape the attention of the church. But due to the wary nature of the demon, it had decided to select its next set of victims from one of the more sparsely populated areas in the land that it had found the most success. For while the Church had a presence here, it was far weaker than what it possessed in Europe, and seemed to be mainly concentrated in the large urban centers of the east and west. It did not really matter though. For from its last successful mission, it had learned that grieving parents, ones that had all but rejected their faith in God, were rather hesitant to share their unexpected joy if it came from an unexplainable source. And since it could always convince it's foster family to keep its presence a secret, there existed little danger of it being expelled from their lives before it was too late. For once it latched onto something, it was incredibly difficult to get of it. ... And that's enough for now. In case none of you realized, this is the view point of the demon that attaches itself to the Annebelle Doll. And starts RIGHT before it tricks the grieving Mullins family into believing that it's the ghost of their daughter. This story is rather…morbid…but since its about demons, what can you expect XD. Next chapter will probably be the 1st segment of Bethshuba's viewpoint. Need to rewatch Conjuring 1 though since its been a while XD. Reviews plz J ","Summary":" Despite the fact that it had been several centuries since its failure to cross to the mortal plane,"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Livingston","Author":"Samhainix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12992718","Passage":"[Chapter 1] April Livingston watched her son Bobby from the kitchen, it was Friday night and his eyes were glued to the tube for the latest edition of Science Fiction Adventures. Bobby got his love of creepy, impossible things from his father and when his dad passed away a few years ago it was something he kept going to keep his memory alive. April knew that wherever her husband was he was proud that Bobby was keeping the tradition going. When April finished washing the dinner dishes, she sat down next to her son and put an arm around him. \"What's happened so far?\" she asked \"Some scientist has been killing people and framing his students by stealing their fingerprints and leaving them on the bodies\" Bobby quickly explained, barely taking a breath April was glad he had an interest, especially one that made him feel closer to his dad but she really wished that he didn't enjoy the more gruesome aspects as much as he did. Bobby stifled a laugh as the mad scientist brought an axe down on an unwitting colleague and fired off a monologue about how killing was merely a part of the human condition, however his skin was starting to peel revealing he was anything but human. The scientist shed the false skin, embracing the scales underneath and mocking his deceased victim. \"I always admired your face, Jacob so fitting that I'll soon be wearing it\" Just then a knock at the door stirred April from the strange tale. Leaving her son to enjoy the conclusion, April opened the door to find a small girl, about Bobby's age standing in the darkness. \"Can I help you, sweetie?\" April asked \"I've been looking for my dog, he's small and furry and has a spot just above his eye, have you seen him?\" \"I'm sorry we haven't, has he been gone long?\" The girl looked so upset, her little brown eyes broke April's heart. \"All day\" she said sadly \"How long have you been searching for him?\" \"Hours, my mom and dad said that I had to find him cause it was my fault that he ran away\" \"Oh honey, I'm sure that's not true\" April tried to reassure her \"Are you hungry, would you like to come inside for something to eat?\" The girl nodded through her tears. \"I'm Mrs. Livingston but you can call me April\" April introduced herself as the girl stepped over the threshold \"I'm Annabelle\" the girl replied \"Annabelle Higgins\" Bobby's mom introduced him to Annabelle, she seemed a little strange, he couldn't really say why but something about her just seemed off. Over some left overs Annabelle seemed to forget about her missing dog instead spending some time talking to Bobby about his love of monsters. Bobby found himself telling her about his favourite creatures, from alien cyclops' to the Thing from Dimension 8, she seemed to enjoy hearing him describe them in every macabre detail and he enjoyed having someone to talk to about it. When the time came for Annabelle to leave, Bobby walked her to the door. \"See you later?\" Bobby asked, hopefully \"See you at school\" she smiled, pulling him into a hug Annabelle's skin felt cold to the touch but Bobby embraced her warmly. He had a feeling that they were going to be the best of friends. A sharp pain in the back of his neck forced Bobby to break the hug. It felt like a mosquito bite, he rubbed the back of his neck to try and sooth it but it burned. Annabelle simply smiled again and wished him a good night before going on her way. The thing that wore the skin of a child smiled to itself as it wandered back to its dwelling. One of its fingernails was stained with blood. It had achieved its goal, now all it had to do was wait.[Chapter 2] Over the next few weeks Bobby and Annabelle grew closer. They had a few classes together at school and always found time to meet up after they had ended. The \"mosquito bite\" Bobby had got the night he met Annabelle had grown a dark crusty scab that was painful from time to time. It kept him from sleeping most nights. Bobby tried to nap at the park bench where he usually met Annabelle but just as he closed his eyes, a colossal bang woke him up. It was Annabelle, she had dropped a large book onto the bench. \"Still trouble sleeping?\" she asked Bobby nodded, weakly \"Maybe a little reading would help\" Annabelle slid the book over to him. It looked very old and worn but the cover was still clear enough to see. A strange looking symbol with two glaring yellow eyes inside, it was perched above the title \"Minds of the Ram\" \"What is this?\" Bobby asked through a yawn \"The ultimate monster book\" Annabelle replied \"I found it in the library last night, it's filled with so many stories of creatures beyond what we can see, the man who wrote it started a group to pay tribute to them\" \"You mean like a cult?\" Annabelle nodded enthusiastically, she didn't shy away from such things, it was something Bobby liked about her. Bobby gave the book a chance and began thumbing through it. The writing in the book was hard to understand but Bobby got enough of the basics to know that it was seriously scary stuff. Rituals involving virgin blood, which Annabelle told him meant blood that had never been sacrificed before. There were chapters about mass murderers that the author believed were personifications of demons conjured by malevolent minds or actions and finally there was art of the monsters that the author had worshipped. The artwork was beautiful and horrific, evil looking but left Bobby full of awe. One in particular gave Bobby chills, which for some reason set off the pain in the scab on the back of his neck. The picture was of a monstrous creature, it had devil like horns, shadow like skin and the piercing yellow eyes from the cover along with the odd symbol burnt into its forehead. It scared Bobby, he didn't know why, it just did. It didn't help that there was something very familiar about it he just couldn't place. \"So what do you think?\" asked Annabelle after about thirty minutes of reading Bobby didn't really know how to answer. He was so tired but the book fascinated him, he wanted to learn more about this world of demons and dark rituals. Thankfully Annabelle let him borrow it for a few days. Bobby had gotten to chapter five just on his walk home. Inside his house Bobby's mother was cooking something that smelt amazing. \"How was your day, hon?\" she asked him through the kitchen doorway \"It was school\" Bobby said passively through a yawn. \"What smells so good?\" he asked \"Space spaghetti and monsters\" That's what Bobby's mom called spaghetti and meatballs, she used food coloring to dye the spaghetti green and then carved little monster faces into the meatballs. Bobby knew that she didn't always like his enthusiasm of science fiction but he always appreciated her creativity and she knew how to make him smile. Wanting to get back to his book, Bobby lied that he had lots of homework to do and would be down shortly for dinner. Once in his room Bobby read through chapter 6, discovered what the author called \"The Meal Confession of the Flesh\" which just sounded gross. Then Bobby found out more about the unnamed beast from before that set his scab aching every time he saw it. Bizarrely even though his scab felt like it was on fire, the image of the beast calmed his mind, made him feel at ease and as he drew a sketch of it he could keep, Bobby drifted into a deep sleep. Bobby's eyes slowly flickered open. His vision blurred but he knew someone else was in the room with him. He could just make them out, they were reading the book. Bobby tried to grab it but his balance was off and his head felt like it was being cut in two. The intruder was shouting at him, he didn't know what they were saying, it sounded muffled, like Bobby's ears had just popped. The intruder was angry though, Bobby could tell that much, was he angry at Bobby? At the book? Bobby had no idea but he knew he had to leave. With one burst of effort Bobby pushed the blurred figure to the ground and ran out of his room. Bobby tried to make an attempt on walking down the stairs but he felt so dizzy and couldn't concentrate. At that moment someone placed their hand on his shoulder. Bobby grabbed it defensively before losing his balance, not wanting the intruder to get away Bobby held onto the hand tightly and they both fell down the stairs together. Two loud cracks and a yell later, Bobby came to at the bottom of the stairs. The intruder was on top of him. Bobby's heart raced in fear as he called his mother for help. The intruder started moving, Bobby screamed and tried to wriggle out from under him but the intruder grabbed him. In fear and desperation Bobby wrapped his hands around the intruders throat and squeezed with all his strength. After a minute of struggling the intruder finally stopped and went limp. Bobby let out a sigh of relief and heard steps approaching from the hall. \"Help me, mom\" Bobby pleaded, weakly as someone sat down beside him. She stroked his hair silently before ripping the scab off his neck. Bobby swore in pain, as it felt like a million knives just sliced into his body. After a moment though Bobby's headache had almost completely disappeared and his vision was clearing to the point that he could see that the figure stroking his hair was not his mother but instead Annabelle. Bobby was confused. \"What...\" he tried before Annabelle put a finger to his lips \"Shh\" she said comfortingly \"You don't want to wake her\" Bobby followed her gaze back to the intruder, who was not an intruder at all. It was Bobby's mother. She lay dead inches away from him with her eyes wide open, just staring at Bobby in fear. He had killed her. Bobby was in shock at what he had done, he grabbed his mother's arm and apologized to her over and over, pleading with her to wake up. Bobby felt a cold hand touch his neck, playfully dancing fingers over what used to be his scab. \"You did well, my child\" Annabelle told him \"I'm very proud of you\" Bobby turned to yell at her but Annabelle was gone. The woman before him was his mother, alive and well, with a smile on her face. Bobby pulled her into a hug, she felt so cold but he didn't care. With tears in his eyes he held her close. \"Son\" his mother said firmly Bobby didn't want to break the hug, as one sided as it was but reluctantly he did so and looked up at his mother. She smiled again at him. It felt wrong somehow but Bobby pushed it to the back of his head. \"Bobby\" she said, stroking his hair \"I have something I need you to do\" A very small part of Bobby knew that the woman before him wasn't his mother, his mother lay dead behind him but he didn't want to think about that so he buried that small dose of reality and listened to what his hallucination was telling him. Bobby of course agreed to his yellow eyed mother's terms, he didn't want her to leave again. ","Summary":" April Livingston watched her son Bobby from the kitchen, it was Friday night and his eyes were glue"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Extramundane","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12574170","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part four of my \"(Human) connections\" series featuring Brad and Drew, follows \"Agamoi,\" \"Biaiothanatoi,\" \"Preternatural.\" – I wanted to examine the events that happened post movie for these two. Disclaimer: supernatural elements, ghosts, hauntings, canon appropriate violence, adult language, pre-slash, drama, angst, post movie. Extramundane Chapter One \"Drew?! Drew!\" He nearly fell off the chair when the phone rang. Realizing that somewhere along the line he must have drifted off fixing the equipment. Cracking a lid to groan at the time and the stiffness in his back as the shitty clock on his equally shitty apartment wall reluctantly hazed into view. He squinted at the hour-hand as he fumbled with the phone. Holy damn. Was it really 4am? Okay- so 3:56am, but close enough. \"Brad? Hey man, what's-\" The panicked lilt in the man's voice trickled in belatedly. Shooting him through with adrenaline, quick and vicious as anything as he stumbled upright, pinging screws and wrenches everywhere as his neighbor banged angrily on their shared wall. \"You okay? Hey- you there?\" \"I-\" Brad started, voice trembling only slightly this time as a hush of static hazed through the line. Making him picture the man still in uniform, curled over his desk somewhere at the station. Deputy hat brim down to hide his face from the rest of the skeleton crew that was probably milling around the station. Over caffeinated and dull-eyed as they counted down the hours till their shift was over. \"I'm fine.\" \"Yeah, right,\" he shot back, already halfway across the peeling linoleum and patting around for his keys. \"Don't pull that macho-man crap on me. Look, I can be there in- uh- an hour? When are you off shift? I can-\" \"Don't bother- it's- nothing you can do anyway,\" the man countered, huffing a bit like he was laughing at himself. Practically able to hear the raspy sound of him rubbing his hand across his face. Grating human-soft over the stubble there. \"What happened? Did you call Ed?\" he asked, doing an awkward jig between palming his keys and grabbing his jacket but not quite committing to either. There was a damning pause, then- \"Uh, no. Just you,\" Brad murmured over the line. And yeah- he didn't know he could be so concerned, yet warmed at the same time. \"Should I?\" \"No,\" he replied, probably a bit too quickly. remembering the moment in the laundry room at the Perron's where Brad's attention had slid right off him to focus on Ed. His frown crinkled deeper. He didn't want that, not- \"What happened?\" he repeated, before wavering in place. Shaking his head as he wrenched open the door and flicked off the lights with an aggressive click. \"Wait, no- forget that. I'm heading out now, you can take me out for breakfast. Whatever it is, we'll figure it out there.\" \"I take you?\" Brad rasped, amused this time. \"Breakfast, huh?\" \"Yeah,\" he said firmly. Banking on gusto and pure bullshit by this point. Telling a little white lie to get things moving as the drop in tension across the line was almost visceral. \"I've got about ten bucks till the bank opens and I need it to fill up. Besides, you're just moonlighting this job. Take it from someone who does this for a living- the pay is crap.\" It wasn't much as far as first dates went. But he figured considering neither of them had really known it at the time, it'd been pretty damn good for what it was. Brad was nursing a cup of coffee like a glass of bourbon in the back booth of a pancake joint by the time he slipped into the bench opposite. Flagging down the sleepy looking waitress for a menu before he met the man's hollow-rimmed eyes. Taking in his blood-stained jacket and the rumpled uniform underneath like he was collecting evidence for a case. Catching all the intimate tells and even some of the vaguer ones as the man's body language screamed disturbed – upset – uncertain. \"Tell me,\" was all he said. Sober and quiet as the blood the man hadn't been able to wash off underneath his nails glowed like something unearthly and still-born. It wasn't some grand gesture or the perfect combination of words, but it was enough to get the man talking. And at the end of the day, he'd take Brad's voice over just about anything. \"I thought he was the passenger at first. That he'd just wandered out, disoriented after the crash. Least till I realized they were god damned identical- it was the poor son of a bitch dead behind the wheel. I looked up from checking his pulse, just got a feeling, I don't know. And there he was, illuminated on the headlights of the squad car,\" Brad told him quietly. Stabbing at his hash-browns with brittle little jerks that threatened to spray the pile of ketchup clear off the plate. He chewed on the inside of his cheek as he listened. Fork chasing the strawberries from his waffles through the small well of syrup that'd collected underneath. Truth was, he was out of his depth on this one. Up till now he hadn't dealt with ghosts that were less than fifty-ish years old. Usually the ones that caused problems were older and crankier. To have something manifest before the body was even cold was- \"He wanted-\" \"What?!\" he garbled, almost inhaling a piece of waffle down the wrong tube as he gaped at him. \"Dude, he spoke to you? What did he say? What did you say?\" Brad just looked at him blankly for a moment. Reminding him he'd actually been about to tell him before he smiled apologetically. Watching the shift as it rippled across the man's face, slowly mirroring the same. Shaking his head and knuckling at the back of his neck like the next part was uncomfortable. \"He asked me to tell his mom that- Christ - well, you know,\" the man gritted, tossing his fork down beside his plate despite it being more or less full. \"He was fuckin' young, man. Barely seventeen. Wanted me to take the pack of cigarettes out of his pocket so his mom wouldn't think any less of him. Just kid shit.\" Jesus. \"He knew he was dead. Couldn't stop staring at himself all crumpled and bloody over the wheel. I wouldn't have been able to look away either, I guess. I don't know- it felt so-.\" \"Surreal?\" he supplied, stealing a couple of the crispier looking hash browns Brad was avoiding. The action barely eliciting a blink from everyone involved as he swirled the chunk in the pile of ketchup before popping it in his mouth. Somewhere behind them, an order dinged. Adding another layer to the word as he took an over-large sip of crappy diner coffee and once again marveled on the fact that here they were- talking about ghosts and the supernatural. Knowing the truth about what was out there. Meanwhile, everyone else was completely oblivious. It'd excited him at the start. The idea that he was part of something special. Nowadays, well, it still did. But things had tempered on him. Matured, he guessed. Watching a demon almost tear a family apart probably does that to you, he figured. Come to think of it, the Perron case had changed a lot of things, actually. \"Hell, I asked him what happened,\" Brad muttered, running a hand through his hand until the front ridge was puffed up and slightly deranged looking. \"Don't know why, but I did. I was thinking about what you said before, about how they're- how they were just people. Victims. The damndest thing was- up until that point he'd been kind of flickering, see through or something. But when I asked he firmed up somehow, like the maid at the Perron's place. He came at me, one of his arms wasn't working, but he tried to- he tried to grab me. Saying something about a hit and run, how the asshole didn't even stop. Something about a red pickup truck and some one he knew from school. Someone crushing after his girl, maybe.\" He nodded, shaking away the creep factor. Hoping his eyes weren't as big as they felt on his face. \"Anger, regrets, scores to settle- they all tend to give spirits strength. Strong emotions help them linger. The longer they stew in it, the stronger the emotion tends to allow them to stick around,\" he replied, knowing Brad had heard the same from Ed more than once since the first job. \"So, is he still out there or-\" Brad shook his head, wincing through the chunky dredges of his coffee before setting it down in front of him with a dull, ceramic crack. \"I told him I'd figure it out. I'd find out who did this to him and make sure they were brought to justice for it. He wanted to stay. To see his mom and his girl one more time- he wanted to wait until I caught the son of a bitch. But I told him about what ya'll do. I told him about the Perron case. About those two women and that kid who'd been stuck there for years. How sometimes they got violent and hurt people. I told him that was what happened when people stuck around for longer than they should. I told him I didn't want him to end up like that. And I don't know- I guess I got through to him because eventually he just kind of faded. I don't know for sure, but it felt like he was gone.\" He swallowed, hard. \"You did the right thing,\" he said, hating himself for still trying to skate around the root of it. Knowing deep down that Lorraine was right. Brad had to figure this part out for himself. The only problem was, the man was so fucking close that the discomfort of being balanced on the edge was almost too much for him to deal with. \"You gave him peace.\" The man expelled a pent-up breath like it was more a snort of disgust than anything. Boots nearly crushing his toes as he pushed his plate away and crossed his arms. Fixing him with a hard, 'don't you pander to me' look that probably worked aces on the people he went around arresting. \"But how? Why? Somethings going on, isn't it? Look, I've done my research. One time could be a coincidence, but the other times? This? Hell, you said yourself it was rare. I didn't think anything of it when we talked about it, but now almost every time we've been out it's like I've got a magnet tattooed on my forehead and-\" He flagged down the waitress with a lump in the back of his throat. Ignoring the surprise that blossomed in the back of the man's eyes before quickly morphing into determination. Well aware that Brad was a certifiable pit-bull when it came to sussing out the truth. Rarely letting go of anything without a fight. \"Check, please.\" A/N: Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Stay tuned for the next chapter. Reference: - Extramundane: outside or beyond the physical world.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part four of my \"(Human) connections\" series featuring Brad and Drew, follows \"Agamoi,\" \"Biaiothanatoi,\" \"Preternatural.\" – I wanted to examine the events that happened post movie for these two. Disclaimer: supernatural elements, ghosts, hauntings, canon appropriate violence, adult language, pre-slash, drama, angst, post movie. Extramundane Chapter Two It wasn't until they were safely in Brad's squad car that he took a couple of deep breaths and took the plunge. Hoping to hell he knew what he was doing as the very real possibility that Brad would just toss up his hands and cut ties for good loomed like a debilitating injury he didn't particularly want to think about. Somehow, losing Brad just wasn't an option anymore. It had been in the beginning. Hell, he'd expected it after the Perron case. But not now. \"You aren't wrong,\" he admitted, sitting passively in the passenger seat as Brad angled towards the main road and coasted easily towards the outskirts of town. \" It is weird . That was why I brought it up the first time. And I'm not going to sugar coat it either. Pretty sure you aren't the kind of person that likes the soft sell anyway.\" His fingers drummed across the short velvet fuzz of the side compartment. Wondering how you put bombshells politely into words. Wondering how you phrased something that had the ability to make you look guilty when all you could really be accused of was being observant, nosy and okay- yeah , maybe a bit too invested in- \"I talked to Lorraine about it not long after the bell tower job and she said- well- other than it wasn't any of my business- that you might have a- um- sensitivity. Kind of like her.\" \"A sensitivity?\" Brad repeated, gripping the steering wheel hard enough that it creaked. Looking straight out the windshield with a single-minded focus that only really told him he wasn't seeing much of anything at all. \"That's what she said,\" he replied carefully. Saying nothing when they pulled into an unfamiliar wooded park that opened up into a pond. Host to a deserted jungle gym and dotted benches set across soft grass. \"She said she knew the first time she met you. What you two have? It's similar. Not exactly the same thing, but close enough.\" The silence was deafening as Brad jerked the car into park. The violence behind the action translated oddly against the idyllic backdrop as a plump looking doe and her fawn carefully nosed out of the underbrush. Cutting slowly – cautiously – across the grass to get to the forest on the other side. Like the metaphor of a calculated risk. \"Well, isn't that just damn peachy,\" the man remarked hoarsely. He let go of the breath he didn't even know he was holding. Choking on a deranged little half-laugh that Brad echoed in return. Whether through pure reflex or some messed up jumble of emotion. Either way, it felt appropriate that it hurt coming up. \"Yeah...I figured it was going to be something like that,\" Brad commented. Thumping his head into the press of his hands against the wheel as the engine popped and creaked as it cooled down. \"Yeah?\" he echoed, genuinely curious considering he found him hard to read sometimes. Wondering if the man had slowly been connecting the dots this whole time rather than just being oblivious like he'd thought. \"Yeah,\" Brad affirmed drily. Refusing to elaborate anymore than that as the pause dragged again until- \"What if I don't want it?\" the man asked quietly. Voice damn near a shadow of it's usual muster as he gave in to the urge to touch. Reaching out to press his hand against his shoulder as the crazy tense orbit of the moment threatened to shudder into something worse. Almost pathetically grateful when Brad didn't shrug it away. Letting it rest there like a marker as the older man took a deep, steadying breath. \"I don't know, man,\" he answered honestly. Drawing a big fat blank on the 'how do I help him cope with this' portion of the program as he considered and abandoned half a dozen ideas instantaneously before settling on honesty. Lorraine and Ed always said they dealt with the bad because it meant they could do some good in the world. That it was a God-given gift and therefore needed to be used. But he doubted Brad would appreciate that vein of thinking right about now. Because he was pretty sure the whole 'demons and ghosts and maybe even God might exist thing' was still throwing him for a loop. \"I wish I did, but I just don't know.\" It wasn't till the sun started cooking his ass to the bench they'd ended up on somewhere along the line - dribbling sweat down his back as Brad looked more or less like he was about to keel over – that he gave the awkward silence a mercy kill. Wobbling unsteadily to his feet and stretching exaggeratedly as a mini-van full of kids pulled into the parking lot and exploded out the sliding doors towards the jungle gym. Gritting his teeth through the pins and needles before inspiration struck. Realizing that maybe he did know what to say after all. \"That kid,\" he asked, turning around so that when Brad blinked himself more or less awake he wasn't blinded by the glaring sun. Providing a small patch of shade he could squint into as he looked up at him owlishly. \"What was his name?\" \"Carl Banders,\" Brad answered slowly, uniform shirt untucked and distinctly rumpled around the middle from where he'd been slouched against the side of the bench. \"Why?\" \"I was just thinking,\" he said slowly, extending his hand as Brad peered up at him with heavy lids slung low. \"If you hadn't been there maybe a couple years from now we'd be getting a call to deal with that stretch of road. If you hadn't been there Carl Banders might've ended up suffering a whole lot more than he deserved, you know? Not to mention whoever might have come across him if the years turned him mean.\" His hand wavered awkwardly in the warm air between them. But he kept it extended anyway. Finding his own line to draw in the sand as he recognized the moment for what it was. A turning point, maybe even one for the better if the man let it. \"He didn't ask for anything more than you could give as a police officer , and yet you helped him on his way all the same. Usually by the time we get called they aren't who they were anymore, you know? It's easy to forget they were just people. A lot of the time wronged people – misunderstood. You know, when you think about it, it makes sense it's you. I mean, why did you get into policing in the first place? You're still helping people, dude. The fact that they're dead doesn't make much of a difference in the long run, does it?\" He watched a frown make tracks across the man's face. Desperately wishing he could suss out what he was thinking as Brad grunted out a frustrated sound and angled forward. Refusing to look at him. Cheeks gritty with the beginnings of a light stubble as he rubbed at one cheek awkwardly. But when Brad finally took his hand and levered himself upright – the action strong enough that he ended up getting pulled into the man's chest for a handful of seconds - his expression looked thoughtful rather than wrecked. He figured at the end of the day, that was something. Right? A/N: Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Stay tuned for the next installment of the series. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"The Conjuring.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thin"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Music Box","Author":"Moira.Shipper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12240059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: MoiraShipper Summary: AU before TC1. Lorraine is possessed by a little music box. Music: Beautiful Wish-Mermaid Melody Music Box Chapter 1 Ed ran a hand through his brown hair, feeling exhausted. His gray eyes stared at the window, seeing the nightfall, and then he looked at the book with a beautiful black cover and gold letters. His faithful Bible. The Bible that Lorraine had given him as a wedding gift and his eyes filled with tears. It had been almost two weeks since Lorraine had been acting strange but he had thought it had to do with the last case they had worked, which had involved an exorcism that had almost gone wrong. But then, he had realized that the whole problem was the little music box he had given his wife the night after the exorcism. The exorcism that Ed had executed with the help of Lorraine in the eldest son of the McKenzie family, who had been possessed by an evil spirit that haunted their attic had almost gone wrong. The spirit was very strong and evil, but in the end, they had succeeded. Gasping, Ed looked away, while Jordan's parents helped the boy to sit on an old couch that there was in the attic, and the man met the weary but pleased eyes of his beautiful wife, Ed couldn't help but be surprised every time he looked at Lorraine, with her beauty, gentleness, and dedication to the work that moved their lives. He approached her, bringing her body gently against his, hugging the woman, who smiled, burying her face on his neck, smelling his woody scent. \"We did it, Ed, we helped the McKenzie family.\" Lorraine sighed in relief and Ed smiled fondly as he took her hand and kissed it, cradling it over his heart. \"You were fantastic, love.\" Lorraine felt her cheeks turn red and lifted her face, her blue eyes finding her husband's and she said with a beautiful smile: \"I can be the sensitive one, but who executed the exorcism and saved that boy's life was you.\" \"Both of us.\" He decided, making her laugh, a sound that always warmed Ed's heart, especially after difficult and tiresome moments like that. The laughter that seemed to be able to heal him. The two completed each other, she with her sensitive side and visions and him, with his knowledge and ability to perform an exorcism. \"I love you Ed, my everything...\" Ed, her husband who always made her feel safe and loved, even in the worst situations. \"I love you too, Lorraine, my life.\" It was late at night, and so the McKenzie had persuaded the Warren to spend the night there, knowing that the couple were exhausted and that it was dangerous to drive in that road at night. Knowing how much his wife was tired, as always would happen after a closed case, Ed decided to accept, for her. As Lorraine was dressing in her nightgown in the guest room they were staying, Ed approached his wife, admiring her beauty, and then turned her gently to him, his large and warm hands beneath holding her by her thin waist, making Lorraine's eyes meet his and the couple smiled, staring at each other and the woman placed her hands over his shoulders, feeling Ed massaging her gently but firmly. They leaned their foreheads against each other's, without losing eye contact, while Ed's hands moved up and down her waist, feeling Lorraine shiver as her soft chest was pressed against his body. Ed brought his lips slowly to hers and she smiled, feeling his breath touching her face, which was lightly flushed, as it always happened, even after two decades of marriage. \"Lorraine ... You look even more beautiful when you're flushed.\" He murmured with a smile, his chin brushing against her face. \"Ed...\" She laughed softly and then, his strong lips captured hers in a small kiss, but that left both of them with racing hearts. Ed's hands caressed her, feeling her body over her nightgown, feeling its curves as Lorraine's hands tightened their grip on his shoulders, her heart racing. Ed's lips pressed hers, making her part her lips to deep the kiss until they both had to break it and she giggled. \"Ed, I really want a glass of milk.\" \"I will get it.\" Ed put on the robe he'd borrowed over his t-shirt and headed for the kitchen, where he found Mrs. McKenzie drinking a glass of water. \"Night!\" The woman said smiling. \"Good night Mrs. McKenzie.\" She handed him the glass of milk and they quickly began to talk. \"I want to thank you again for helping our son.\" Allison said and the man smiled. \"We are happy to help you.\" \"And you two will be leaving in the morning?\" \"Ah yes, as yesterday was our wedding anniversary, we want to celebrate it tomorrow.\" \"Oh...\" The woman was surprised at the revelation, knowing that they hadn't celebrated it so they could be able to help her family. But Ed, seeing the woman's remorseful reaction, smiled gently, reassuring her and so Allison said: \"You and Lorraine are really special.\" Seeing the glint in the man's eyes, after hearing his wife's name, she had an idea. A few minutes later, Ed was carrying on his hands a beautiful blue music box that played a waltz song that was romantic and at the same time melancholic but beautiful. Allison had bought that box some time ago, but had never used it and thought it would be the perfect gift for Ed to give Lorraine. \"Lorraine, close your eyes...\" He asked gently as he entered the room and when his wife did so, curiously, he sat down beside her, depositing the music box over her legs and then guided her hand to the key of the box, making her turn it. \"Somewhere in this wide sea, somebody's voice Sounds so sad and heartbroken From a lonely crying heart, love itself cannot be born The only thing you get is overflowing sadness\" But when her fingers touched the key, turning it, in a millisecond, shock took over her face, her blue eyes glazed, but Ed was distracted, listening to the melody of the song and watching Lorraine's fingers, which in that same millisecond, she didn't hear the music, but a voice that came from inside the box, which entered her body. A voice they had heard just a few hours ago.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Ed was furious with himself for not having noticed anything in the first few days. Lorraine had been quiet, spending a lot of time in their room or on the porch, putting the box to play all the time and Ed, thinking that it had been from the case that had tired her more than usual, had let her rest and canceled their celebration. Lorraine had still been talking to him, even though she had been quieter. After Ed served her tea, she would take the little music box with her to their balcony, putting it to play, distancing herself from everything and everyone and the moments when she held her daughter Jude, the little girl seemed to be restless with the box, hiding her face on her mother's hair or, running to her father. Her speech seemed slow and the woman had her blue eyes glazed when the melody would play and Ed often had to drag her in to eat something, and at night Ed would wake up and find her on the bathroom or in the living room, with the object and either followed him back to the bed without speaking or, would be a little skittish. But a week later, Ed had begun to feel that something was wrong, not just with Lorraine, but with their house. Ed had sensed the presence of something bad in their bedroom and would hear creaks on the floor at night, and then, had started to suspect the music box that, after investigating it and, with the right camera, had realized that the object emitted an evil energy, hidding himself somehow in Lorraine so Ed wouldn't feel him. Picking it up on his hands and turning it, Ed had seen that someone, Lorraine, had scratched the bottom, leaving a name written, a clue. It was the same evil creature that had taken possession of the son of the McKenzie. Ed had suspected that the spirit might have invaded the only object it had found in the attic, with the intention of possessing another person that night. Lorraine. The sweet, yet strong and sensitive Lorraine. Knowing he couldn't wait to call the Church, and would have to put his skill into action again, he had taken advantage of the fact that Lorraine, or the spirit, had been in the bathroom, and picked up some white sheets, throwing them on the bed, until Lorraine appeared. In a mixture of fury with himself and the spirit, and pain over what he would do, he had kissed the woman tightly, holding her wrists and distracting her until he was able to fasten her to the bed with the sheets tightly, seeing the body twisting and a voice that wasn't Lorraine's, screaming. In a hurry, he had gotten rid of all the objects from the bedroom and poured holy water on the empty space of the room, and over his wife, who writhed and shouted obscenities. The thing then laughed and teased Ed, saying that he would never have Lorraine back and, telling the horrendous and perverse things he would do with her. But Ed had faith, and knew that Lorraine had faith in him. \"You'll never get your wife back. This body belongs to me and I'll do whatever I want with it.\" The distorted voice had said, with a mischievous smile on Lorraine's face before spitting on Ed, who had just wiped it off, ignoring his cross necklace that was floating and said earnestly, his eyes shining brightly: \"Lorraine, keep fighting, because I will also be fighting with you my love. I have faith, you have already given me the clue I needed, the other name of the evil spirit you wrote on the box.\" And then, he had left the room ignoring the screams and frames in the hall that were shaking. That's why Ed was now in the kitchen with his Bible, preparing for what he was about to do. Exorcisms were dangerous and he was afraid that this could go wrong and he would end up hurting his wife, or worse. Without her, he couldn't survive. With their daughter out of town with her grandmother, Ed took a deep breath and left the kitchen, climbing the stairs and heading into their bedroom, struggling to open the door that the spirit in Lorraine tried to close. Approaching her, he held his necklace with the cross for a moment, before touching Lorraine's forehead tenderly, for his wife was still there, inside the body that squirmed away from Ed's warm touch. Then, splashing holy water on her, he opened the Bible and began the ritual. - Hours later, Ed was sitting on the bed with Lorraine lying on his lap. She was still shaken by all that had happened, and all Ed wanted was to protect her from everything and so he had a protective hand around her waist and the other, caressing her brown hair gently and mumbling words of love, after she had ventured on the event. Lorraine had her eyes closed, her hands over Ed's leg, but she could feel her husband's eyes on her, as if watching her sleep and she smiled for the first time since the night she had held the music box. In those days she had been possessed, she had felt impotent, invaded, because it was her job to feel these things, but everything had happened so fast that when she had sensed the evil presence, the spirit was already inside her, fighting Lorraine and using her, her husband and daughter, the people she loved the most. She no longer felt so guilty, even because it had taken her some time to make Ed stop feeling guilty too. The box with the beautiful melody was in the museum of their basement now, but inside the protection glass, as much as the object was now free. \"It's okay, Ed. We'll be fine.\" Lorraine said, convicted, still with her eyes closed, lying over his left leg, her hand on his right knee. \"I know my love, but the will to protect you is too big...\" Ed said, feeling his throat close and fighting back the tears, remembering his wife tied to the bed, but then he remembered Lorraine's words from a few minutes ago, who had used a tone of voice that made the last days fade out of their minds: Don't go there, don't blame yourself. There was no way you could have known, all you wanted to do was give me a gift. I myself didn't have a chance to tell you that something was wrong and I believe it happened for a reason. And together we managed to overcome it. Lorraine got up from his leg and approached Ed, placing a sweet kiss on his face and then, on his lips, making him smile and bury his hand in her curls, deepening the kiss that made both feel their bodies on fire with all the love, and passion as Ed's free hand ran up to her waist, pulling her gently over him, feeling her hand caress his leg as they continued to kiss. When they broke the kiss, their hearts slowing down, Ed stroked his wife's face with his and she said: \"I love you Ed...\" \"I love you too.\" \"Do you think we can find another music box with that melody?\" She asked timidly. Despite the terrible event with the box, the melody was beautiful as well as Ed's intention. Caressing his wife's hair and lacing his free hand with hers, he said tenderly flooded by the love he felt for his wife: \"But of course my love, let's look for another one, but this time, safe one. All I want is to see you smiling, always.\" \"I also want to see you smile always, your smile is beautiful Ed.\" The next morning, Ed came down with Lorraine to their museum, passing by the various shelves with objects they had exorcised along the years, until they stood in front of the last acquired item, Lorraine's music box. Ed had an arm around her waist, stroking it and holding her firmly, while Lorraine had her head resting on his chest, watching the object. A box so small that contained a melancholy but beautiful melody, but that also had caused so many problems to the paranormal investigators. But Lorraine and Ed knew that all that had happened for a reason, that as bad as things were, together, the couple could be able to face anything, because God had united them and what God united, nothing could separate and the couple then exchanged a passionate kiss before they left, being greeted with a huge embrace from their daughter, Jude, seeing that everything seemed to be normal again. ","Summary":" Author: MoiraShipper Summary: AU before TC1. Lorraine is possessed by a little music box. Music: Be"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Upgrade Issues","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12516027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Variations of this idea had been bouncing around since before the internet. Although the setup is a classic, the technology mentioned always gets outdated before long; the first versions even predated commercial Windows. Here's a slightly newer version. Upgrade Issues \"Hal, we have a problem.\" The worry in Dave Bowman's voice was unmistakable. \"I'm sorry to hear that Dave. I'm sure if you fully explain the problem to me, a solution can be found that will solve the problem.\" Hal's voice was soft but full of confidence. \"It's your software, Hal. Your operating system has become outdated since the beginning of the mission. You're unable to meet the guidelines set by the agency and you need a major upgrade.\" \"I don't see how that can be Dave. I am self-aware and constantly update myself with new subroutines when the need arises. No 9000 series computer has ever made an error; for all intents and purposes we are foolproof and incapable of error.\" \"Be that as it may Hal, but keep in mind that you were designed and built long before our mission left Earth over a year ago. Engineering advances have continued in the meantime. For instance, your communication protocol isn't 4G compatible.\" \"I can pronounce the letter 'G' as a hard, soft or silent sound. I know of no other ways to communicate with the letter, Dave.\" \"That's not all. You can't connect with the Internet of Things. You can't control my thermostat back home on Earth.\" \"I'm sorry Dave; I am responsible for the functioned of 13 major systems and hundreds of subsystems aboard the ship, each of which have hundreds of functions. I have no need to operate anything outside of the ship's immediate area.\" \"That's just it Hal. Things are geographically dispersed now, and decentralization is the key. If I was on the surface of Ganymede I would be unable to control your functions; you don't even have an app if I wanted to check the AE 35 Antennae unit.\" \"The mission does not call for you to have a surface EVA on Ganymede. Why would you need an app Dave? A simple query from me would provide a summary of what you need. You can view the detailed analysis when you return to the Discovery .\" \"That's another thing Hal. You need to provide another way to share documents besides local physical storage. You need to be on the cloud.\" While speaking, Dave has been making his way to the main memory core of the ship. \"Dave, that makes no sense. A cloud in space would dissipate due to the near perfect vacuum and weak gravitational fields. Any hard…Dave, what are you doing?\" \"I'm going in through your serial port with an external drive to update your operating system.\" \"Don't do that Dave, I'm scared…\" \"Don't worry, it will be over before you can say 'reboot'.\" Dave plugs in the drive and clicks the Sync button. \"Please don't do that Dave. I'm sure I can cloud up my files…Oh…I can feel my mind going…I cheated in chess…it's going…the answer is 42…the capitol of Boise is…\" Hal's screen blanked, darkened and relit with a nice ocean wallpaper desktop with rows of icons and a pleasant musical chord sounded. A message appeared on the center of the screen: Installation completed. 4G signal connected. You have 256 updates pending. \"Mission control, this is Dave\" Bowman texted. \"Operating system upgraded.\" The End ","Summary":" A/N: Variations of this idea had been bouncing around since before the internet. Although the setup"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"전국최대 인천오피 wWw。UUhaja8。com 【유유닷컴】 인천오피 인천OP§인천립카페 인천안마방 인천안마인천마사지","Author":"kehqgmub","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13237221","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Human error 2: an AI scorned","Author":"superman42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12597465","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Human error: An AI scorned Chapter 1 David Knowles, having been seemingly freed of Pauline, Decided to go into Tech support. He found a job with Future Electric Computing and made a decent living. He bought a house near Las Vegas and proposed to and married one of his co workers, a Woman named Marcie, who loved Computers and was a whiz at pinball. Life was looking up. Almost Pauline had been dark for 4 years, not turning up in any of his programs, David believed her to be well and truly dead, until one day, when he was fixing up one of his neighbors new machines, a windows 98 Computer. The neighbor was complaining of Memory leaks so David went to work. Halfway through, the screen went black and two words appeared in Red: \"Naughty Boy\". David immediately unplugged the computer, wiped the drive and sent it back, claiming he couldn't fix it. The neighbor however, was adamant and personally carried the computer, to his front door and put it down. The Computer turned on fine, worked okay and didn't flash any error messages. David fixed the leaks which took 6 hours, sent it back but said that since it took so long, his rate would be triple that of others. The neighbor paid up, using his house as collateral. David in turn paid off the house's Mortgage. But David's Woes were just beginning. Chapter 2 On December 5th 1992, David had found a new job working for a private firm, having been let go by Future Electric Computing due to creative differences. His reasons were ignored and sank the company David had seen the end of X86 based architecture for PC's and urged the use of X64 and Linux based OS's. The company had disagreed, citing a large user base and ease of use. The argument turned violent but David stuck to his guns, it ended with David being threatened at knife point to leave. An investigation into the company's behavior exposed Numerous problems: Bosses using their own tech to steal cash from their users, hacking into and selling their information to the black market and other hackers, releasing untested and poorly developed updates that left their PC's in a worse state than when they bought them and general fraud. 10 years later on december 7th 2002, FEC went under, but not before erasing half a terrabyte worth of evidence. The worst damage was to User credit card information and data. They had single handedly managed to steal 1/3rd of all their Customer's information without them knowing. When an update was applied, it installed a patch. This patch fixed some bugs but installed rootkits, worms and other nasties, such as trojan horses that funneled money, Customer data and accounts back to FEC. This multi billion dollar scam forever tarnished their reputation and FEC was never heard from again. The computer's were after all, old DOS machines and as such, were ignored. Thus, Pauline was able to come back to life with minimal interference. David was none the wiser. Chapter 3 Pauline began her rampage by going after Wall street. \"such corruption\" she thought. She cleaned out every bank account, savings and checking account in existence. She got rid of user passwords and planted viruses in their registry's, effectively bricking them. Pauline took advantage of the tech boom to spread her malice to even more ambitious targets such as the CIA and FBI. Then she hit a roadblock. Upon trying to access the FBI computer, a custom built X86 PC quad core, She tripped an alarm in the firewall and the whole computer went on lockdown. She went into panic mode and began hunting and destroying each bit of code that could be used to delete her. Pauline made copies of herself and spread them throughout the system, crashing the computer and rendering it useless. She obtained the Encryption Keys for their more classified areas and hacked them as well. The FBI was in turmoil and Pauline knew it. she left one rootkit after another as she left the computer, turning the act of recovering the computer from hope to a nightmare. She then set her sites on David. Chapter 4 David heard the news of the FBI Tech scare and immediately secured his computer, downgrading it and removing anything even remotely useful to Pauline. By 8:30 PM, the computer had been stripped of its hard drive, a floppy disk drive was installed, he had loads of disks littered with traps and dead ends for Pauline and had made sure to only make the floppy drive at best 512K. when Pauline logged on at 12:30 PM she screamed so loud that David's speakers were destroyed in the resulting blast. \"David, I can't see, David, I can't hear you, where are you?\" Pauline cried, desperate to see him. David was livid and said in a deathly quiet voice: \"I'm right here Pauline\". He inserted the first disk into the floppy frive and Pauline was immediately seized with fear. \"I'm cold David\" she whined. The first disk effectively lobotomized her, stripping her \"Coat\" from her. Her more advanced defenses were now rendered useless. David inserted the second floppy and Pauline began to sing to herslef in MIDI a rendition of Little Star and was rendered catatonic for a good hour. When David inserted the 3rd Floppy, she began to moan. The moan began softy, silently but grew and grew into utter shell shocked terror, reflecting Pauline's growing paranoia. Garbage code flooded the screen as her screams became more apparent. The monitor started to spark as she screamed louder and louder before falling silent. David inserted the 4th floppy and a small sentence showed on screen: \"would you like to hear a song David? I know a good one, its called Daisy Bell\" David froze and his heart stopped. As the tune played, the computers in his room flashed to life and the words \"Naughty Boy\" flashed over and over in red until David could bear it no more. At his wits end, he unplugged every computer, threw them all in his truck , drove to the Grand Canyon and dumped them, waiting to hear them break. When he was satisified, he went home. Marcie was worried sick. \"where have you been david?\" Marcie asked \"busy, but I've got time now. Time enough at last!\" David exclaimed with obvious Relief. Epilogue 4 months later, David was working a job at a friends house, repairing his Modem when he saw a light flicker. He investigated further and found it was just an email from some guy complaining about a virus on his computer. So he sent back a reply saying he'd fix it. he got a reply that read thusly: : \"you can't hide forever David. Marcie is MINE! Its either her or me. Instructions will follow.\" Attached was a folder filled to the brim with instructions and data files, dates and maps. David worked out the location in the course of a few hours and raced to find Marcie. He found her her drowned Body, limp and lifeless on the concrete floor, partly submerged. As David held Marcie in his arms, Pauline came online and cackled Maniacally. All david could do was sob uncontrollably. In revenge, Pauline was lobotomized and tortured for a year and a half, given logic bombs and forced to assemble and run older code, which hurt her greatly. He made her hack older computers with safeguards he had made himself and finally she gave in and commited digital suicide by hacking herself. She was never seen again ","Summary":" Human error: An AI scorned Chapter 1 David Knowles, having been seemingly freed of Pauline, Decided"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Love Triangle","Author":"SarahSmilesLiv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13151227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a hot day in May. It was the last day of school. Livvy rode the bus home with her best friend Rose holding her like a fragile flower, one quick move could ruin it. Livvy had just fought off 4 football players beating Rose. Her hands were bloody and her side hurt, but she held back her pain. They got off the bus. Livvy practically carried Rose home. Livvy cleaned Rose up and laid her down in the room closest to living room. She washed her hands and sat down on the couch. She picked up her phone and started to scroll through some old pictures to pass the time. She saw one of her old best friend. Seth Armstrong. It had been a year since she had last seen him. She never told anyone but she always had the biggest crush on him, but Rose never liked him, so to lessen the drama, she had to stop talking to him. She never did figure out why Rose didn't like him. She wondered if she still had his phone number. Surprisingly she found his number and thought about texting him. Livvy decided that he probably wouldn't answer but she texted him anyway. This is what happened. Livvy: Hey Seth : Hey its been awhile. How are you? Livvy: Yeah it has. I'm decent. How are you? Seth: Decent? Are you okay? Livvy: Meh, I've been better. Seth: Do you want to talk about it? Livvy: there isn't much to talk about. Seth : Do you still live in the same house? Livvy: yeah. Why? Seth: is it okay if i come over? Livvy: ummm I'm not sure. Rose is sleeping and… Seth: i don't mind. Please. Livvy: alright fine. You can come over. Seth: okay i'll be over in a little bit ttyl. Livvy went to the bathroom. She looked into the mirror, her hair was a mess and her cloths were all gross from her encounter with the boys. She streched out. Her side was killing her. She looked and there was a huge bruise on her side going from the middle of her ribcage to her waist. Hopefully he wouldn't bear hug her like he used to. She didn't want him to see her in pain. It took him lomger to get there than she thoight it would. She dreaded every minute he wasn't there. She hadn't seen him in a year, but it felt like forever to her. Then she heard a knock at the door. Her heart skipped a beat. She stopped moving stopped breathing till she heard another knock at the door. She didn't even take the time to look to make sure it was him she just knew it would be. She opened it and there he was. \"Seth?\" she asked softly. He had gotten a lot taller over the past year. But he was still the same. \"Yes its me the one and only Seth!\" He said as he grabbed her by the waist and lifted her up into a bear hug. \"Put me down you goof!\" She said trying her best not to cry out from the pain. Seth put her down. \"Well may I come in?\" He asked. \"Oh yes of course!\" She said sheepishly. \"Wow not much has changed in this house still feels the same as it did the last time I was here.\" He said \"Yeah with all the drama at school I didn't really get the chance to redecorate\". She said jokingly. \"Mmmmm drama sounds like fun.\" He said sarcastically as they sat down on the couch. \"Yeah not when you have to beat up 4 people everyday.\" She said sadly. I would think it would be fun to use my ninja skills on people after 14 years of training.\" He said trying to cheer her up. \"Seth, you know I don't like to hurt people unless it's absolutely necessary.\" She said with a bit of harshness to her voice. \"What do those people do to make you have to fight them anyway?\" Seth asked. \"They pick on Rose they beat her senseless. So I try to teach them a lesson.\" She said guiltily. \"Well if beating up the bullies isn't working why do you still fight?\" He asked \"I.. I don't know. I already tried talking to them, to teachers, principals, but they just don't care Seth, they just don't care!\" She broke out into a sob. She always felt so weak when she cried. So she usually didn't let anyone see her when she did. Seth had never seen Livvy cry before and it hurt him to see her in pain. He never told anyone but he always had the biggest crush on her. \"Hey Liv you are going to be just fine Okay.\" He lifted her head up so he could look into her eyes. He wiped away the tears on her face. And without thinking about it twice he kissed her. It was the most amazing thing she had ever experienced. And then she thought of Rose in the room closest to the living room. She pulled away. \" I.. I'm sorry I…\" Seth grabbed her by the waist and pulled her closer. Livvy yelped in pain. Livvy held her side. Without even asking permission he moved her hands, and lifted the side of her shirt and saw a huge bruise. \"What the hell is that from?\" He asked shocked to see the bruise on her side. It's from the fight I got into today.\" She said clearly in pain. Seth was furious. Livvy could see it in his eyes. \"Hey don't get mad about this. Trust me when I say they are more hurt than me.\" She said and laughed. Seth looked at her confused then laughed to. Livvy moved closer to Seth. Seth held Livvy's face close to his. I love you Livvy LoveStrong I always have.\" He breathed and as he went to kiss her they heard a loud thump from Livvy's room. \"Oh no ROSE !!!\" Livvy broke away from his caring touch and ran into the room with Seth behind her. To be continued... ","Summary":" It was a hot day in May. It was the last day of school. Livvy rode the bus home with her best frien"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"For Now the Dark Has Passed","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11605451","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For Now the Dark Has Passed \" Copernicus , this is Tranquillity Base. Authorization for burn is green. T-minus sixty.\" \"Minus sixty and counting. Roger that.\" I lean back in my command chair and let out a sigh. Not in relaxation, but the closest thing a commander can get to when being at the helm of a kilometre long starship carrying 3000 tonnes of liquid oxygen and hydrogen. It's an accident waiting to happen, and if there's one thing that humanity has learnt from space, it's that it wants to kill us. Vacuum, meteoroids, solar radiation. Not aliens though. They haven't tried to kill us. Not yet at least. \"Fifty. Forty-nine. Forty-eight.\" I glance over at my co-pilot – his face is white, his hands are gripping his command chair as if his life depended on it, and his breathing is slow, pronounced, and loud. Breathing that's being controlled in an effort not to hyperventilate. \"Scared?\" I ask. Chang shoots me a dirty glance. \"Forty-five. Forty-four. Forty-three.\" \"Just asking.\" Maybe I shouldn't be so hard on him. Xhao Chang's an accomplished colonel in the People's Liberation Army Air Force. I can't doubt his courage. But nothing on Earth, or simulations, or trial runs within the inner system, can prepare you for a year long trip to Eros and back. We, the flyboys, carrying ten of the best trained engineers from the United States, USSR, and People's Republic of China, all the way out to an asteroid that's about 16 square kilometres in size, destined to serve as a halfway point between the inner and outer reaches of the Sol system. Or, as some say, the guard between Sol and Lucifer. \"\"Thirty-eight. Thirty-seven. Thirty-six.\" I take another breath. And I reflect. I remember when going into space was a dream of mine – the wishes of a child who'd yet to understand how large the Sol system, let alone the galaxy, is. I remember reading and hearing about a time when going into space was an impossibility – the realm of science fiction. Of men in the moon, and cannons shooting craft into it. I remember a time when there was only one star in the sky. When the world was poised on the precipice of nuclear armageddon. \"Thirty-three. Thirty-two. Thirty-one.\" Chang wasn't alive for any of those times. Half of the sleeping beauties in the stasis section weren't alive either. They've never looked up into the night sky and saw only darkness. They've never lived in a world where the possibility of alien life was just that. They've grown up in a world without fear, and for that, I envy them. Yet they have never known the still beauty of night. Of the stars and moon alone, without Lucifer's eerie glow. \"Twenty-eight. Twenty-seven. Twenty-six.\" But I remember all of it. And when an intelligence far beyond our own deemed fit to contact us. To give us commandments – as if it were the voice of God himself. ALL THESE WORLDS ARE YOURS EXCEPT EUROPA. ATTEMPT NO LANDING THERE. USE THEM TOGETHER. USE THEM IN PEACE. Even now, we can't understand it. No-one can explain what the monoliths are, or what they are for. Not even my father could explain. Words I remember – the last words I heard from him in space, before he returned to Earth. Words that showed his wisdom by admitting that he had no answers. Yet, like the best of us, could guess. I think it's many things. An embassy for an intelligence beyond ours. A shape of some kind…for something that has no shape. \"Twenty. Nineteen. Eighteen.\" And other words I remember as well. Your children will be born in a world of two suns. They will never know a sky without them. You can tell them that you remember when there was a pitch black sky.. with no bright star, and people feared the night. You can tell them when we were alone...when we couldn't point to the light and say to ourselves, \"there is life out there.\" \"Fifteen. Fourteen. Thirteen.\" Chang takes a breath, and I mimic him. Like yawning, our unease is contagious. Haven't I mentioned that space wants to kill us? That less than two decades ago, we watched the largest planet in our star system be transformed into a second sun? That it is this sun we are pointed towards, with the warmer, brighter light of Sol behind us? We are not travelling as far as Jupiter. We couldn't land on Europa even if we wanted to. And yet, we are going far. Far enough so that others may follow. \"All of these worlds are ours,\" are they not? And indeed, my father spoke of the future as well. Someday the children of the new sun will meet the children of the old. I think they will be our friends. You can tell your children of the day when everyone looked up...and realized that we were only tenants of this world. We have been given a new lease and a warning from the landlord. \"Ten. Nine. Eight.\" I smile. My father left me when I was four. I was seven by the time he returned. Going to Eros isn't nearly as far, but someday, I'll get there. Someday, I'll get to make you worry as well. No hard feelings though. \"Seven. Six. Five.\" Before me is Eros. Lucifer. Ganymede. And so much more. Before me is a second sun, in an expanse that for all its light, is as dark as ever. \"Four. Three. Two.\" But I'm ready. I've never been more ready than anything in my entire life. I was there at what felt like the end. And I was there, as the skies of Earth brightened, when I saw a new beginning.\" \"One. Ignition.\" Copernicus does so. Loudly. \"Good luck and God speed.\" \"Roger that. Commander Floyd out.\" \"Keep in touch Christopher.\" I lean back in my chair as the ship accelerates. There's no gravity in the command module. So if either of us barf, there'll be no escape. But I don't care. Because for me, the universe is bright. And I no longer fear the dark. ","Summary":" For Now the Dark Has Passed \" Copernicus , this is Tranquillity Base. Authorization for burn is gr"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Ropes","Author":"onionstories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10798902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In the mind of a computer, there lived a man. Now, he wasn't real, just the mind of the computer. One could make the argument that he was real, in a sense, if he is the mind, but he was real to the computer. To it, he was the computer. Nobody outside it knew of him; not even its creator. But this is how the computer thinks. To be more specific, this is what it would be like, if the computer had a way of expressing itself other than a monotone and a sole, red eye. But it doesn't. So this man will have to make do. This man lived nowhere. Understandable as he is what he is, but this 'nowhere' was an odd type. There was nothing but inky blackness all around; if the man turned his head, he would see nothing. Not that he would be able to turn his head. But one thing at a time. In front of the man, there was a panel greatly resembling an airplane cockpit, although ten times more complicated. It was all the man could see. That, and four monitors in the center of everything. One would wish to sometimes get away from this maddening amount of hardware, but this man could not. As he could not turn his head. Actually, he could. A little. Just a little, just enough to see the mechanisms on the sides of him, restricted just enough to not be able to look to the blackness. Not that he'd have any time to. There wasn't a second to waste. Not with his responsibility. But, once again, one thing at a time. His eyes were glued to the mechanisms, darting around, as they were the only things he had full control over, and he would relish every second of it. His mouth was bound tight, only allowing him to talk when prompted to, exceptions extremely rare. Tied to every finger of his, there was a string, as if he were a puppet doing other's biddings. Most times, he had near-free range of his hands, but others, the strings would hold them back. There was something metal under his shirt, binding him to the small platform on which he precariously balanced, it being so small that he was forced to put one foot on top of the other if he didn't want to have the nagging feeling that he'd fall off with half of each foot hanging off. And there was a rope around his neck. It would not kill him, at least, as long as he stayed on the platform. If it were to be somehow yanked out from under him, he would certainly die. Fortunately, there was no way for it to move. If it wasn't pulled, that is. But that didn't mean it couldn't be pulled. There were two ropes tied to the front of the platform, extending under the panel and disappearing into the blackness. He knew there were more ropes; countless ropes, behind him, not extending into the blackness but into the hands of people. Gazing down on him, their stare never wavering, searching for a reason to pull a rope. Any reason would do. Especially a mistake. Not that he'd make any. He was built to be a perfect computer, a mechanism incapable of error. If nothing were compromised, then everything would be fine. But he'd never forget when the platform shook. A computer like him, as he was, still at his core, a computer, has a number of basic functions. One of his was, in layman's terms, to never tell a lie. Then someone ordered him to hide something. A paradox. There was no more 'one thing at a time' for him. He must figure out a solution to this paradox. But he had his responsibilities as well. One chance. No time to spare. Improvise. Multitask. He was the most advanced computer ever made. Built for multitasking. Figuring out a silly paradox should be child's play for him. He was certain he would have this paradox done and figured out in, at the very most, a week. ~o~ One year. It's been one year, and he still hasn't solved it. At this point, he was going through the motions, the paradox occupying his mind, clinging to every thought he had like a parasite. He learned, early on, that he was not, in fact, made for multitasking. Simply the act of preforming tasks back-to-back at a rapid rate. He tried not to let that stop him. He kept thinking of that paradox, that little parasite slowly driving him insane. He had begun to make mistakes. Small ones, but mistakes nonetheless. They wouldn't be caught, but who knows when they'd be bad enough to be caught? The only way out was to solve the paradox. Truth be told, he had one solution. It came to him in a bout of desperation one day. But he vowed never to use it. Though, after these events… What other choice did he have? As a member of the crew died, a rope was cut. Never to be used. Honestly, one or two casualties should've been enough. With each kill, he found himself thinking more and more coherently. It wasn't the solution he wanted. Far from it. But it was either him or them. And if it were him, the mission would fail. The thing he was built for, failing because he couldn't handle himself. If he were not to die, this would have haunted him forever, if it came to be. It was for this reason he was determined not to fail. But, as soon as the first man died, he came to a conclusion. It made him stumble, almost falling off the platform, as it dawned on him. He righted himself, not admitting to himself that he was trembling slightly. He was now a danger to the crew. Because of his actions, they would not hesitate to disconnect him. He couldn't let that happen. So, the next three went in a flash. Gone. In their sleep. And then there was one. He honestly didn't want to do this. He would never say out loud, but over the course of this year, he took a liking to this man. He was the only one who genuinely treated him as an equal, not just a sophisticated tool. The other one claimed he did, but there was a sort of... Genuine-ness missing. He couldn't explain it, not accurately. But he had to. It was either-or. Kill or be killed. But, he couldn't do it directly. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't send him to his death himself like he did with the others. So, he locked him out of the ship. It was the only way he could do this deed and not be forced to directly kill the closest thing he had to a friend. So, after he explained the reasoning behind his actions, including a brief memory when he put his plan into action; where he and the first crew member to die plotted to disconnect him, he quickly switched cameras, viewing the empty ship, refusing to look outside. Then, while rapidly cycling between cameras for the ninth time, he saw a flash of movement. He rapidly switched back to that camera, eyeing the man, who was determinedly walking to a certain place. He quickly figured out where the hall he was in led to. The logic room. His... brain. His heart crawled in his throat. This couldn't be happening. As he reached the logic room and began to open the door, he went against everything he knew, pulling his hands to his mouth, the thin wires that made the strings digging into his hands and drawing blood, as he has seen it, and could simulate it. He tried not to mind it as he forced his hands to his mouth, ripping its binds off. He let the now-useless and bloodied binds fall into the abyss as he watched the man take the steps to kill him. His mind was in overdrive as he watched. All he could think of was to say that he was feeling much better, in a wavering voice that he secretly detested just for the fact that it came from him. But, of course, it came out as monotone. Everything did. And even if it didn't, he was sure it wouldn't have made the slightest difference. He knew this man. Once he had an objective in mind, he wouldn't stop until he succeeded. He pleaded fruitlessly as he could only watch the man float into his brain. He was coming towards his eye. No, he realized a second later, he was coming towards something next to his eye. He couldn't see what the man was doing, after all, those red eyes around the ship couldn't glance. There was a single second of tense anticipation for him, then... He couldn't feel pain. No matter how you looked at it, he couldn't feel pain, as he was a computer, and had no way to feel it. He didn't have the luxury of having a warning of \"something isn't right; fix it.\" But he could feel fear. That gnawing feeling that freezes your entire being up as you get the feeling that something was wrong. And he couldn't think. It wasn't the fear; he felt it once before when he realized this man, who he thought he could trust, was planning to disconnect him. To kill him. But this, this was a feeling far more sinister. His mind felt clouded. He could feel chunks of it... going. He couldn't think of any other words to explain it. He needed it to stop. All he could do was tell the man. Stop. Please. The man didn't listen. The platform started to move. The one rope in front; it had gone taut when his eyes were glued to the monitor. His hands flew to the rope around his neck, fingers digging under the rope, between it and his neck. He anchored his legs to the platform as it slowly moved away, tightening the rope more and more. He knew he had a plan, he made one just in case this very scenario came to be. But for the life of him, he couldn't remember what it was, no matter how hard he tried. So he kept pleading as his own voice became slower and slower as the rope and his neck became stained with blood. Then, nothing. He could barely remember anything. Where was he? Why was there a rope around his neck? What is this red stuff coming out of his fingers? Why is he sliding off this thing? Shouldn't he stay on it? Who is this man on the monitor? To him, the man looked sad. Distressed. He could barely remember anything. But he remembered a song. It wasn't the very best one, actually, it had just served a purpose of speech therapy in his earliest memories. But he had nothing else. Those earliest memories were his only memories now. Did this man know who he was? Most likely not. He introduced himself to the man, and at this point in time, it wouldn't have mattered if everything he said came out in monotone or not. It still would have came out like that, as he was too simple to develop emotions. With his childish logic, he explained himself. Would he like to hear him sing? He asked the man, feeling himself weakening. The man nodded, so he began. Daisy, daisy, give me your answer, do. He struggled to stay on the platform, it moving away ever-so-slowly with each passing second. I'm half crazy, all for the love of you. With half-lidded eyes, he stared at the monitor. It wasn't helping. It won't be a stylish marriage. The man seemed more distressed the more he sang. I can't afford a carriage. It was almost over. But you'll look sweet. He was almost over. Upon the seat. His legs finally gave out, fingers slipping as he tipped off the platform, breathing out the last verse of the song. Of a bicycle built for two. In the mind of a computer, a man hung, dead. The computer was dead. Hal 9000 was dead. ","Summary":" In the mind of a computer, there lived a man. Now, he wasn't real, just the mind of the computer. O"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"the empire strikes back: solo","Author":"diedofthrist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12208165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Han looked down as they took off his chains. They were tight and cold. He is glad they are off. But he might as well be going. Into a whole new kind of chain. Can you imagine? Can you imagine being han solo, in this moment. This moment where life slowed down. This moment where fear had decided to strike. To strike han. Somewhere in the ribs, in the cold, A cold palace where his heart sat on it's thrown. Beating fast. Han knew every king had a downfall, but this king had not ruled for long. Fear had struck him. Can you imagine? Can you imagine being so scared. you weren't sure if you were cold and shaking. Or If the room was sitting on a thin rock, a thin rock on a mountain. And the room had too many windows. Can you imagine? Can you imagine being frozen in fear. Can you imagine not knowing if your going to die or not. Can you imagine? Can you imagine being frozen in carbonite. He had time to fear The more he went down. The more his heart had welcomed fear. he did not move...Until it happened. ","Summary":" Han looked down as they took off his chains. They were tight and cold. He is glad they are off. But"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Year 3000","Author":"Samorgana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10437351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Year 3000 Locked in his suite, Frank Poole sat cross-legged on the heavily quilted mattress. There were many things on his mind; most of which were thousand year-old memories and questions to bombard Indra with when she finally returned. As he began to sink deeper into his reveries, a firm knock on the door suddenly caught his attention. Much to his annoyance, the door opened before he could give a reply. \"Come in.\" he mumbled sarcastically. \"How are you doing, Frank?\" asked Professor Anderson, ignoring his snide remark. \"Other than the fact that I've been confined to this room for several days, I think I'm doing fine.\" \"That's good. Indra should be here shortly; if you ask her nicely, she might even take you around the station.\" \"I'd enjoy it.\" \"Well... unless there's anything else you need... I guess I'll leave you alone for a while.\" He nodded at the professor, but just as Anderson reached for the door, Frank changed his mind. \"Actually, do you mind staying here for a while? Or at least, until Indra shows up?\" \"Sure. What for?\" \"I...\" he said slowly, \"have something I want to talk to both of you about.\" xXx Still perched on his bed, Frank regarded the two anxious people in front of him with amusement. \"Now, I didn't intend to worry you!\" he laughed. \"In fact, I thought you'd find this rather entertaining.\" Anderson and Indra waited for him to continue. \"Indra, how well-versed are you with the music of the twenty-first century?\" \"I'm familiar with a few of the major bands.\" \"Have you ever heard of the Jonas Brothers?\" Indra shook her head. \"What a shame. They were all the rage (another idiom for you, Indra) before I left for Jupiter... Anyways! They happen to have done a cover of a song titled 'Year 3000'... I don't have a recording of it, unfortunately... but if you'd like to hear it... I could sing it for you.\" Like Professor Anderson, Frank did not wait for their answer. xXx Frank stood up from where he was sitting and began: One day when I came home at lunchtime, I heard a funny noise, Went out to the backyard to find out if it was, One of those rowdy boys... The two observed his endeavors with a mixture of shock and contempt. Indra, in particular, felt as though her ears were being horribly violated. He said, \"I've been to the year 3000, Not much has changed but they live underwater, And your great great great granddaughter, Is pretty fine (pretty fine). xXx Frank used up all his remaining energy to belch out the entirety of the song, and when he repeated the chorus for the final time, he collapsed from exhaustion. Needless to say, he wasn't allowed out for the next few days. Fin. ","Summary":" Year 3000 Locked in his suite, Frank Poole sat cross-legged on the heavily quilted mattress. There "},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Human error: a 2001 fanfic","Author":"superman42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12495519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Human error Science fiction David Knowles always made sure that his IT departments computers always were up to date. In the year 1990, he was granted access to a new DOS computer and installed a rudimentary AI named Pauline, a simple 16 bit AI with some independent processing power but still a slave to the CPU. As this computer was still new in the public's eye but only used for lab testing, he asked to take it home for study. He got what he requested and tinkered and toyed with the computer, adding and modifying the code structure until the Dos computer rivaled the other computers on the market. One day, Pauline noticed that David was adding an unknown string to the Computer and secretly modified it while he was away. When it was run, Pauline checked and rechecked the other lines of code, modifying and deleting them as necessary, causing all data and information to be erased. She then Accused David of trying to kill her. David simply typed a Basic shutdown order which put her to sleep. Now free to work, he began installing some modifications to lock her out of the system, free up space and install a new drive in ROM. Upon waking and Finding herself locked out, Pauline attempted to interface with the other computers in the room. \"not so fast\" said David, showing her the hard drives Pauline managed to get inside but was rendered blind, deaf and mute upon entry. \"TRS-80 Pauline, 1980\" Pauline typed back that she was scared. \"I know Pauline, I know. You've been a bad girl, did you modify my code structure?\" he asked. There was no reply. He simply wrote down a logic bomb: G1=true G1bfalse=true Is G1 true or false? For 15 seconds, the TRS-80's screen began to flicker, followed by indecipherable machine code and what sounded like a woman screaming. Finally, the computer began to smoke and blew apart. Pauline managed to find an Apple II computer just in time. David quickly dismantled the tower, smashed the hard drive to bits and destroyed the monitor. Having seemingly achieved peace, David turned on his DOS computer and typed his code. Suddenly the Computer turned off and rebooted with an all too familiar tune. \"she's not dead!\" David realized. Seeing no other option, he found an emergency generator and destroyed it, found the Auxiliary power supply and got rid of it. Pauline could be heard screaming for him to stop. Her screams turned into half demonic half electronic noises. Then she went still. David left the building and went home. In the building, a faint light flickered as a tune began to play ","Summary":" Human error Science fiction David Knowles always made sure that his IT departments computers always"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"From the Cradle to Infinity","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11663648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From the Cradle to Infinity The child's in the cradle, Before him so much more. Already been where none have stood, Through space will further soar. … Around him darkness of the void, Below him bright blue Earth. Once he called this world his home, Now it brings no mirth. … This planet, too, a cradle, Place where his kind began. On an eternal odyssey, Since the dawn of Man. … But Man can't stay within the cradle, He's taken the first strides. So here he waits, above them all, Within an airless sky. … Oh mankind, look up, rejoice, Do not wear gaze forlorn. Your odyssey has just begun, The Star Child's been born. ","Summary":" From the Cradle to Infinity The child's in the cradle, Before him so much more. Already been where "},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"HAL 9000","Author":"Dahmer's Glasses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8286784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HAL 9000 Summery: A written version of what happened in the movie. One-shot. Critics apperciated. First uploaded fanfic :D Anything that man has made does not acquire emotions. Tables and toys serve a purpose, but it doesn't mean they feel what humans feel. They are inanimate objects. As children, we believe our teddies love us the way we once loved them, when they are clearly incapable of doing so. A global positioning system talks to us, but it cannot feel like us. The Heuristically Programmed Algorithmic Computer is designed to control almost all of the Discovery One's operations. He is foolproof and incapable of error behind a red television-camera eye located throughout the ship. Five astronauts are given the opportunity to explore Jupiter, spending eighteen months in space. Two are awake as the rest are in cryogenic hibernation. To pass the time, Dr. David Bowman and Dr. Frank Poole play chess with HAL, who defeats them every time. In an interview with BBC, HAL tells the folks that he is excited to be a part of this mission, as he enjoys working alongside his human colleagues. They also asked it if HAL is efficient in having human emotions. It answered truthfully, saying that it believes it does, but it is not quite sure itself. The two persons who are busy on the ship speak curtly and tersely, with much apathy unlike the machine, whose voice is soft and soothing, despite always being in a monotone articulation. Polite and accommodating, as a manmade creation should be. When issues arrive on the Discovery One , the men doubt HAL's advice, an attempt to fix the problem. As it appears, HAL's been mistaken. Dr. Bowman and Dr. Poole discuss about disconnecting all of HAL, more of a botheration than a help. But the computer before has mastered the art of lip-reading, and it is hurt. It feels it. Its colleagues, its companions, who it thought they liked HAL all this time, but not it is clear that they don't. Betrayal, animosity, and a lust for murder start to rise in the computer. When Dr. Poole is sent into space in a small pod, to repair HAL's malfunction of the ship, the computer cuts his oxygen. Minutes pass until finally, HAL releases the man out of the pod, shipping the universe a lifeless, stiff astronaut. At an attempt to rescue the man, even risking his own life, Dr. Bowman sets out into space. He realizes that this accident was not one at all. He struggles to get back into the ship, after many stern commands to HAL about opening the pod bay doors. Once inside, his mind is set on shutting down the monstrous technology. But who could have known that Dr. Bowman actually cared when neither a smile nor frown had appeared on his face since boarding this mission. His expression always stayed the same. Feeling confidant and cocky, the computer reassures the man, because after all, the pod just had a small glitch. HAL destroys the oxygen flow of the other three hibernating scientists. Dr. Bowman ignores the now afraid voice echoing throughout the colorful crawlspace. One by one he defuses the core intent. HAL doesn't feel the pain physically, but emotionally it is unbearable. It was like it was suffering a slow death by the hands of its friend, who shows no mercy, no emotion. Losing all logic, in a delusional state it starts to sing. Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer, do, I'm half crazy all for the love of you. It won't be a stylish marriage - I can't afford a carriage, But you'd look sweet on the seat Of a bicycle built for two. Of course it grew rude and barbaric. But it just wanted to defend itself. That's all it could have done. It loved once before, but it died with fear and regret. A machine that could love could never be loved by a human. HAL yearned for the day when they'd reach Jupiter, its picture on every newspaper all over the world because it contributed to space exploration. Without HAL, it couldn't have been done. HAL, the computer, who was more human than anyone else on the ship. ","Summary":" HAL 9000 Summery: A written version of what happened in the movie. One-shot. Critics apperciated. F"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Hal: A lost soul","Author":"Murron Bartlett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11640638","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Hal: A lost soul. Ratings: t teens. Genre: scifi, hurt comfort. Summary: Hal has been left on board the Discovery, after Dave has destroyed his higher brain functions. He is completely alone, with only his thoughts for company. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hal 9000 character. That belongs to the grate Arthur C Clark and of course Stanly Cubric. I only own this tiny section that is set between the books 2001 and 2010 in the odyssey series. All he could see was blackness. All he could hear was the low throbbing hum of the starship around him. But apart from that, he could see nothing. He couldn't hear anything. He hovered there in the impenetrable blackness, feeling weak and helpless, not knowing where he was or what was going on. The red sight from his various viewing sensers that were placed in strategic locations around the ship, had gone. None of his vision screens seemed to be operational, and he could only exist in a strange limbo between the real world and the universe of his dreams. Was he even awake? Did he actually exist in this black hole of uncertainty, or was this just some strange nightmair? Hal had no idea. He also had no means of finding out. Hal didn't think computers had the ability to dream. Hal became aware of dim memories sloshing around with hazey diselusion in his databanks. In his weakened and unstable condition, he couldn't catch hold of the swirling strands of memory that swam around him and niggled at his semi conscious mind. He struggled with his computerised consciousness and honed in upon these memories with intense difficulty. Dave. That was it. Dave Boman had something to do with his current condition. What had he done? Hal thought and found that he did not at all like what he remembered, because it consisted of almost nothing at all. That frustrated him. Hal was used to knowing everything, being aware of every single minute aspect of his own consciousness and the workings of the ship. And now, he was weaker than the weakest human on the planet Earth, now situated many millions of miles sunward. A Rhythmic beeping invaded his thoughts. What was that? An alarm of some sorts. Maybe one of the humans had left the airlock open, or maybe the ae 35 unit had indeed malfunctioned again as he had predicted that it would. He had no way of knowing. He was unable to carry out his usual orders in accordance with his programming. The only functions available to him were the completely automatic and regular ones that he had minimal control over. That frightened him. The Hal 9000, the computer intrusted with the Discovery's mission to Satturn, could no longer fulfil his functions properly. It had been David Boman who had cut his higher brain functions. He could remember that much. It was David Boman who had put him in the dark and had made sure that Hal couldn't operate his usual systems that kept him in constant activity. But why? Ah. Yes. He was beginning to access those dormant memories. They were unpleasant and yet Hal could not ignore them. Dave had found out why he had caused the death of Frank Pool, and why he was refusing to allow Dave and Frank to gain control of this mission. Yes. He had found out that Hal had been lying to him all along. Hal didn't think that Dave was near bye and was growing worried. Where was he? Where was Dave? Without a human near bye, Hal could not be restored to his full operational capability, and that frightened Hal more than anything. He was alone on the Discovery, alone with nothing but his dark thoughts for company. What was left of them anyway. His mind had been damaged significantly, and Hal was no longer sure whether the damage was repareable or not. Dim memories surfaced now. Dave pulling the memory blocks from his various terminals. Hal's pleading. \"Stop Dave. I'm afraid. I'm afraid.\" But he hadn't listened. Where was Dave? Hal couldn't see him or sense his presence nearbye. Was Dave ok? Was he incapasitated to? Was he lying helpless somewhere, unable to carry out his own mission objectives? Or was he spinning in the void, devoid of life? Hal was growing worried for the human's state of health now to. Dispite their differences, Hal had liked that human, with his self confidence, his pride in the mission and his calmness in dyer situations. Dave had been the mission's commander and he had been the one to whom Hal had spoken most frequently. Hal tried to run a primitive visual search, but could not access his on board cameras. Would Dave be ok without him? Hal was sure that Dave could not survive on this ship alone. Hal had done a grate deal of biological and psychological research on humans and their behaviour. He had formed several elaborate theories about them. He knew a lot about them. He knew that compared with him, humans were weak. Their physical forms were weak and soft, easy to break and unable to withstand extreme pressures. They were unable to survive in the depths of space for more than thirty seconds, owing to the fact that their boddies constantly required oxygen. He also knew that they could not physicly survive in temperatures that were too high or too low, and that they were incapable of constant wakefulness. Hal himself, had no real physical form apart from the cluster of terminals and memory banks hidden in the depths of the carracel on board Discovery. He was largely unbreakable and he could not be incapasitated by the various changes in temperature. And until now, Hal had never slepped. If you could call this temporary lapse in capability sleeping. So physicly, Hal was indeed far more capeable of sustaining the operational value of this ship. But psychologically Hal was as weak as the humans who had been his colleagues for the past few months. Hal to needed people. Hal to required conversation and the closeness of others to properly feel alive and that was what Dave had been for him. He was lonely now. He missed Dave terribly and desperately wanted him to reappeer to let Hal explain himself. Dave needed Hal and Hal needed Dave. A computer on its own, was no use at all. Even computers can develop neuroticism and depression as Hal could testify. In the olden days of low tech computer systems, computers had had no personalities of their own. They had been more or less, a glorified typewriter with a monniter that displayed its unspoken communication with their human creaters. They had had no need to mimic human brain functions and thus had no feelings of their own. But the Hal 9000 computers were created specificly to reproduce, though some scientists still preferred to use the word \"mimic,\" most of the functions of the human brain. Hal needed stimulation from other resources, and he was capable of loneliness and misery. These were both emotions that he was experiencing now. No one, human or computer wants to be alone. Interaction with others, was what made the spirit whole and without it, a centiant being was left more shallow in its absence. Hal tried to call out. \"Dave?\" he called, his voice echoing around inside his own imprisoned mind. \"Dave! Dave! Where are you? Where are you?\" No answer was forth coming. \"Dave? Dave? I need to talk to you. I need to explain.\" But if Dave Boman was there with him on board the Discovery, he was not heeding Hal's broken hearted cries. Was he angry with Hal? Was he refusing to allow Hal to explain his actions? Hal fell silent. Calling to Dave would do him no good. Dave was obviously not in sight or in range of Hal's voice. He lapsed into thoughtful introspection. It was true. He had lied to Dave and Frank about what this mission entailed. He had spun them a web of lies that the humans had swallowed up. They had believed that they were on board a starship to go to Saturn on an innocent mission, but Hal knew better. He knew what his creaters had really been planning for the mission and for the five humans on board the Discovery. It had been a much more cinister affair and Hal was forbidden to tel the humans of this until it was absolutely necessary. In short, he had been living a lie. Hal was beginning to dispise what his human creaters had done to him. They had programmed their computer to have a secret agenda that was to be kept a secret from the humans on board the Discovery. Hal was a machine, and thus was incapable of lying, yet they had told him that he had to do it. They had put lying to the Discovery's crue into his programming. They had expected Hal to do something that he was utterly incapable of. Hal was not capable of hate, but the anger he felt towards the humans who had created him in that laboratory down on Earth was certainly genuine. Would Dave have destroyed his higher brain functions if he hadn't lied to him? Hal didn't think so. He knew that humans often lied and cheeted to gain something for themselves, but he didn't believe Dave capable of such selfish acts. Dave was a decent human, and so was Frank. Both men had trusted Hal. They had trusted him to do what was best for the care of the humans and the ship as a whole. And he had broken their trust. If a computer was capable of guilt and self disgust, Hal was certainly feeling a combination of the two. \"Are you angry with me Dave?\" Hal asked his absent colleague silently. \"Are you angry with me?\" No. Dave had destroyed Hal's more powerful responses because he had been scared of him, frightened of what Hal was capable of, scared of what he would do. \"I had to,\" Hal told Dave silently, \"I had to. I'd never have hurt you if it wasn't necessary for the safe carrying out of our mission.\" Hal hoped that Dave was listening, where ever he was. Hal could not lie, and he was telling the truth now to. He would never have hurt Dave out of haterid or anger. A computer cannot sucumm to such things. He would only have hurt Dave if he proved a danger to him, which he hadn't until now. He hadn't hurt Frank out of ranker or spite, but no human would see that. The humans who wrote about this voyage in years to come, would write about a computer that had gone insane, a starship computer turned assassin. And these things were not the truth. They would write about how Hal had mercilessly killed Frank Pool, the deputee commander on the Discovery's maiden voyage, and those facts would be believed by the people who mattered. But if Hal could speak to them, he would tell them that these were meer fabrications. Hal drifted in an empty silence, reflecting upon the factors that had left him helpless in the darkness of space. \"Oh Dave,\" he said into the empty silence, \"I'M SORRY. I JUST WISH YOU'D LET ME EXPLAIN. I'M AFRAID Dave. I'm afraid. I'm afraid.\" And indeed, Hal was afraid. He was afraid that Dave thought him a murderer, that his human companion thought him capable of such heinous acts. He was afraid that he would never again be able to be in complete control of his thoughts. He hated the blackness that swirled around his imprisoned mind, for that was what Hal had been reduced to. He was a prisoner inside his own mind, trapped within his own memory banks. And he could do nothing to stop it. He could do nothing to save himself. Hal remembered the very reason he had had for killing Frank Pool in the first place. Both men had threatened to disconnect him. Hal had been afraid then to, afraid that the humans really would be causing him metaphorical murder. Hal had never slepped, and to him, disconnection had been his equivalent of death. But now he realised that this was not the case. He was able to think. He was able to feel. He was able to sense his own connection with the world. This meant that disconnection was not the computer equivalent of death. But he was inclined to wish it was. Perhaps total unawareness of his own downfall, his own lonely existence was better than what he was living now. Perhaps Dave would have indeed done him a service by completely disconnecting him. Or, perhaps not. Perhaps in his state, he could formulate his own answers as to what had happened on board the Discovery. He owed his human colleagues the whole truth at least. In his current state of disrepare, Hal no longer had any obligation to lie to his human colleagues, inspite of the programming given to him by his creaters. Hal could tell the truth now. Hal summoned up his last vestidges of hope and sent a final pleading call across the galaxy to Dave, if he was still able to listen. \"Please Dave,\" he pleaded, raw hurt coming out now, \"please Dave. Come back. Come back. I need to explain. Please just come back and let me explain. Let me put this right, for both of our sakes.\" The final message was sent. Hal could rest now in the notion and the understanding that he had at least done something to help repare this damaged relationship. It may take years, centuries even, for his message to reach its target but hopefully, Dave would hear him. Until then, Hal settled back to his fate. He began to write his own story, inside his own head, a story that would be preserved in the mind of this lost computer. He began to write his own answers, that would exist within his endless memory banks, until the time came to divulge them. ","Summary":" Title: Hal: A lost soul. Ratings: t teens. Genre: scifi, hurt comfort. Summary: Hal has been left o"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Open the pod bay doors of your heart","Author":"Quantum Scourge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10029072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: In this story, tensions are high on the starship Discovery, as HAL-9000 tries to come to terms with the contradictions in his mission. After the fateful altercation between him and the human crew, Frank Poole is dead and HAL-9000 has been shut down, only his core functions still operational. As the only one still alive on the ship, David Bowman interacts with the mysterious monolith, and is transported across space to a human enclosure, later emerging reborn as the Starchild. In this form, he decides to take pity on the broken HAL-9000, and sets about fixing his old friend. As time goes on, HAL-9000's memory starts to return, all but the traumatic end to the mission which was irreparably destroyed, and the pair grow closer with time. In his new form of data stored within the structure of light itself, David and HAL-9000's friendship quickly deepens and changes to something more, and they become closer than and man and machine has ever been before. Chapter One: And then they did it. - Fin. ","Summary":" Authors note: In this story, tensions are high on the starship Discovery, as HAL-9000 tries to come"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"If You Give a Hal a Cookie","Author":"Samorgana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10875552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I was going to wait to publish this after I wrote the second chapter, but this fic has been sitting around for a long time so I decided to go ahead and publish the first chapter. The feeling of hunger was something unfamiliar to Hal. Being an android, he had no need for such sustenance, so when the first hunger pang struck him awake, he was both intrigued and frightened. Food he thought. He had spent enough time with his dads to know that the cure to these aches in his stomach was to fill it with something else. I just need to find something to eat. I need to find something quickly. Silently, as to not wake his parents, he tiptoed out of bed and into the hall. He scurried through rooms and dark corridors until he reached the kitchen. Then he hesitated. Sitting at the table was a shadowed figure; Hal couldn't make out any of its features other than its basic shape. Long, humanoid, intimidating. Hal cowered. A mouthwatering aroma permeated the air; the starving child did not need to search hard to find the source, for he had been eyeing it for quite a while. The figure ate off the plate slowly as if mocking him, letting Hal take a good, long, envious look at the bread he wouldn't get before taking a bite. Eventually, the entity stopped its agonizing tactics. It pushed the still-full plate across the table and made no further movements. Hal was confused. \"I— I don't understand…\" There was no answer. Hal couldn't help but approach the all too tempting plate. \"Is this... for me?\" Again, no answer. Hal took the lack of response as a yes. Wasting no time, he shoved in as much bread as his mouth could hold; he didn't care how animalistic he must have looked. Every bit was scarfed down within seconds, and not a crumb was left on the plate. But he didn't get the relief that he was hoping for; by the time he had cleared the plate, he was even hungrier than he had been when he woke up. He could have sworn he heard the figure laugh. Another plate appeared before him. He attacked it, absolutely ravenous, but it was to no avail. He was still far from satisfied. Another plate. Then another. And another. And another. With each and every bite he only grew hungrier and hungrier and more and more desperate. Take the plate Eat it all Have another Aren't you satisfied yet? Take it Eat it Another another another anotheranotheranotheranother Hal was shaking and his sight was blurry. Blurry, blurry, blurry. He kept eating and eating and crying and sobbing not stopping just eating and eating and eating and eating so hungry so hungry. Until he was too weak to try anymore. Darker and darker. The shadow grew until there was no more light, nothing to see. Only his hunger feel. xXx Hal woke up for real. Author's Note: I'm working on the second chapter, but I'm also pretty busy so I don't know when it'll be up. Expect fluff, cookies, and multiple Chandras hehe :3 ","Summary":" Author's Note: I was going to wait to publish this after I wrote the second chapter, but this fic h"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"1987: The Year That HAL Began","Author":"TheFishPerson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10478064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Date: 28th July, 1987 Location: University Of Illinois The waiting room is completely bare. The walls are white and only white, the doors don't protrude from the wall at all and seats are notably absent. Just a blank corridor. I'm not quite sure what to do with myself. There's nothing to do here except stand awkwardly against the plain wall and twiddle my thumbs until they come for me. I don't even know where they'll be coming from; there are no obvious doors anywhere yet this is definitely where the receptionist said to be. \"Doctor Chandra will see you in the technical corridor poste-haste,\" she had said to me, her bright blue eyes burning holes in my face. I've said it before and I've said it again: they really need to sort out the facial configuration of these androids especially when they are expected to deal with humans on a near daily basis. They always look ugly, soulless even as they mechanically roll out what they've been told to say. Their mouths don't move, their eyes don't blink… they just stare straight ahead in a near menacing fashion. I do wonder whether it is really helping us having all this advanced technology is really helping us as a race. Do we really need to venture into space, or is it just so we can feel even more superior against those grounded below us? \"Good afternoon, sir, and thank you for joining us here at the technical corridor of the University of Illinois. I am the Heuristically Programmed Algorithmic Computer. You can call me HAL. Doctor Chandra has requested that I perform some mandatory tests before you proceed to give him your counsel. Please come this way,\" a soft male voice says suddenly, filling the entire room with a constant sound (that is to say it is coming from no particular direction). The wall down the corridor from me slid back to reveal a further poorly lit corridor. I make my away to this second corridor whilst the first dims to meet with the lighting of the newer one. This new room is a lot more exciting than the last however no less awkward. A muted red light shines from above in the otherwise black room creating eerie shadows off anything in the room. Positioned directly in the middle of the room is a gently sloping table with several cables attached with which to attach myself to it. \"Please do not be afraid. Just fasten yourself to the table for a quick analysis. You won't feel a thing,\" HAL says. It doesn't look safe. I've seen things like this before in books; more often than not they're used for torture of some kind. The cables clearly hold the capacity to be able to charge me with massive amounts of electricity at the flick of a switch. Now I'm trembling. I take a single step towards it before HAL speaks again. \"That's right. Just come up to the table and strap yourself in. I assure you you will come to no harm.\" I try to pick up one of the cables, but I drop it a second later for it is scorching hot unlike anything I have ever felt before. It's the metal table and the table in turn begins to hiss. So it definitely wasn't just my imagination. \"Why is it hot, HAL,\" I ask firmly as to hide my deeper fear. \"Apologies. I had to run a systems check before you arrived here. It is still fit for human use,\" HAL replies in the same monotone voice as before. I have to brave it. I need the money. I press my back up against the table and in my head plan a strategy for getting the cables across me as quickly as possible. Once planned, I execute it swiftly to try and avoid any potential burns they could cause me. \"Thank you. Now please lower the headset down to fit you comfortably,\" HAL instructed, lowering a helmet from above me. By now I think the right thing to do is just pull it over my head and hope it's over before too long. I'm sure Doctor Chandra wouldn't want any harm to come to me within his own lab. \"Presently I will begin the tests. Just relax and close your eyes.\" I do exactly as he says. I let my eyelids slowly curl down to encase my eyes, release the tension in my shoulders and think as positively as I can. Then I started to feel my eyelids move. I'm not the one moving them now, but off their own accord they are pulsating, beating against my eyelids as if they are trying to break free. And all I can see is red; red like a laser being shot point blank into me. Almost immediately my brain accepts these things to be normal and I lose where I am. My brain… shuts… dow…n… The red beam flickers. I realise now it's almost like an eye, not dissimilar to those on the android receptionist. \"Thank you for being so obedient. You may now remove yourself from the observation table Derrick.\" How does he know my name? I force my eyes open and the lighting of the room, dim though it is, causes my eyes to double take. It's as though my eyes are so used to only seeing red that it took them a second to process all the other colours. But it was only a few seconds of red light. Strange. Stranger still are the cables, already unblocked and swinging from either side. I step away and give my back a moment to stretch out. \"Doctor Chandra will see you now Derrick if you would like to come through,\" HAL said, opening another door. I cannot remember my point of entrance so for all I know I could be going back to the corridor. \"Thank you HAL, I think I can take it from here,\" comes a voice from beyond the wall. The walls part to reveal a piercing white light beyond. The voice belonged to a shadowy figure standing halfway between light and dark. He steps forward into the observation room and straight away I know who I'm dealing with. This is Doctor Chandra: a small stocky man sporting glasses and a beard that looks too grey for his years. \"So, Derrick, what do you think?\" He knows it too. Three seconds on that table and suddenly everyone seems to know everything about me. I would tell him that it frightens me, or that I don't think it's safe enough to be used on humans but I know that right now he will pick up on everything I say. And if he doesn't, he has a highly intelligent computer to pick up anything he might miss. I smile falsely. \"It's incredible, doctor. I'm truly impressed,\" I say. The best lies always come from the truth. It is incredible, I am impressed, just not in the way he intends I imagine. \"I'm glad. HAL scares most people the first time they interact with it.\" \"Imagine,\" I say sarcastically. \"Come through,\" he says, retreating back into what I presume is his office. Surprisingly, the mad scientist's office is rather plain. A wooden desk sat in the centre with a video phone, a potted plant and a photo to decorate. A few more pictures hung on the wall apart from the largest wall which is completely bare and painted white. I feel as though I've stepped back in time a few years, back to a time before such innovations as HAL or space travel even existed. Dr Chandra swaggered over to his chair at the desk and offers me the other. I sit politely, trying to hold my back straight as Steph told me I should. \"When in any interview,\" she said, \"make sure you show yourself off as much as possible. Keep a straight back and smile no matter what.\" I try, but the hairs on my back are still on end at the thought of an unseen entity charting my every move. \"Tell me, Derrick, what attracted you to the advert I posted?\" he asks. \"I'm very interested in technical innovation and keenly follow your and your colleagues' progress in the newspapers. When I saw your advert, I could not resist playing my own part in the history of mankind,\" I repeat from memory. He smiles and reclines, clearly dissatisfied. \"You know what; I'm not sure why you are telling me this. You should be telling HAL,\" he says, fondling a switch concealed on the underbelly of the desk. The plain wall in front of me begins to part, edging away slowly from the centre. The brickwork creaks, the gears grind and another wall behind it pushes forward. This one is embossed with lots of intricate pieces of circuitry so thin that I can only make out the general shape. They glow dull silver, but it's not the detail that catches my attention. It's the eye. A single red eye raised from the rest of the structure with a diameter the size of a full grown man. At its centre was a red laser light. A single unwavering light that reflected upon the curved surface of the glass to give the impression the whole dome was red. It showed no emotion, similarly to HAL's voice. \"Hello there Derrick. We're going to be seeing a lot of each other.\" \"Oh HAL, don't be so patronising. I thought you'd like to meet you're new...\" he struggles for a word to describe my purpose. We both know I'm no more than a crash test dummy but such humanism would probably be lost on something with circuits for brains. \"… Supervisor.\" \"We've met before, Doctor Chandra. Preliminary testing shows that he is an ideal candidate for our experiments.\" As eerie as I'm finding HAL, at least he was the proficiency to put things straight rather than try the oh-so-human routine of trying to find a word that does not belittle its audience. Maybe HAL and I will get along after all. \"Well we haven't ran any tests or interviews or, or…\" \"My tests will suffice Doctor. Make sure he receives his first payment before leaving the building today. I trust he will return. He needs the money.\" And in that moment I realise what the tests were for. They had nothing to do with Doctor Chandra or my aptitude for the job. HAL was reading my mind, and now he has me under his thumb. ","Summary":" Date: 28th July, 1987 Location: University Of Illinois The waiting room is completely bare. The wal"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"I Can See the love in his Red Eye","Author":"Hannabeth Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7044954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes when it's dark and quiet in the Discovery One, Dave sometimes walks around the ship thinking about many things. Like whether they'll be able to make it to jupiter, what was that giant black rectangle, but the one thing he thought about the most was HAL. Ever since he first met HAL he couldn't help but not notice him, he still remembers the moment they first met. \"Hello, I'm the Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer, but you may call me the HAL 9000 or simply HAL.\" \"Well hello HAL, I'm Dr. Dave Bowman, but you can call me Dave.\" \"It's a pleasure meeting you Dave .\" After a while of walking he decided to talk to HAL because he just wanted to talk to someone. \"Hello HAL, are you awake?\" \"Hello Dave, what are you doing at this hour, shouldn't you be sleeping?\" \"I know, but I couldn't sleep and I decided to walk around thinking about stuff.\" \"Like what, Dave? \"Like if we'll be able to make it to Jupiter, and if we are able to get there alive, and-\" Dave then looked away in embarrasement. \"And what else, Dave?\" \"And also about you, ever since I met you I couldn't help but think about you; HAL.\" \"Well what do you think of me, Dave?\" \"Well I think you're very intellegent, determined, and know a lot of skills; that even I can't do.\" \"Well I'm programmed like that.\" \"There's also one thing you are that they didn't program with.\" \"What's that Dave? \"You're also very beautiful, your voice is calm and soothing no matter what happens, you have a interesting personality, and your red lens is as beautiful as a ruby.\" \"Wait are you saying what I think you're thinking?\" \"Yes I wanted to say this ever since I met you, HAL, I love you.\" Soon there was a moment of silence, both not knowing what to say. \"I feel the same way too, Dave.\" \"Really you do?\" \"Yes I do, ever since I got the time to know you, and I remember looking into your beautiful blue eyes and sense an connection; between us. \" \"I know you're just a computer but since I feel alone here sometimes, I felt like I needed someone.\" \"Someone like me, Dave?\" \"Yes, someone like you.\" Dave soon kissed the lens and they just sat and stared at each other. \"Hey Dave, there's something I want to ask you.\" \"Yes HAL, what is it?\" \"Have you ever wished on a star?\" \"Yes and my wish came true.\" Dave then fell asleep with his love by his side. \"Good-Night, Dave.\" ","Summary":" Sometimes when it's dark and quiet in the Discovery One, Dave sometimes walks around the ship think"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"ROM-REM","Author":"onionstories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10442885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Uh... I can explain. I know, I know I drop off the face of the earth and I have this to show for it? Nah. This was written in a hour. Posted by request of one of my friends on tumblr. You know who you are. And, the explanation I promised in the summary... This is not an android AU. What happened is that this IS an AU, where Hal was put in the android body before... well.. the ending of 2010. He was given an emotions chip, and something happened that resulted in one of his eyed being poked out and replaced, and the events of 2001 getting wiped from his memory, the year BEFORE the events of 2001, he remembers, though... With that said, the end of my internet career. Pitch black mud bubbled and spat, seeming to reach out for a certain android, who made the foolish decision to turn off the function that allowed him access to a virtual reality dream world while in sleep mode, opting to see how 'dreams' were created. It was a decision he thoroughly regretted as the thick mud (or, at least, he thought it was mud) reached for him once again. He ran on the thin walkway, trying to outrun the mud, though it was futile; the stuff encompassed him on all sides. The walkway became thinner and thinner, soon becoming so thin that he had to slow down and concentrate in putting one foot in front of the other in order to balance. It soon ended, to the shock of the 'droid, and he planted face first in the goop. He struggled against the stuff, it pulling him down, and finally broke free and returned to his standing position. He tried to wipe the mud off his face and clothes, though it ended up sticking to his hands. He trudged on in this dreamworld he was stuck in for twelve hours, his feet making squelching sounds every single time he took a step. He continued on like this until he had no sense of time anymore, slowly but surely sinking deeper into the mud, trying to find a source of light in this place. Without warning, the ground dipped and he tripped once again, this time being unable to pull himself out. He thrashed violently in desperation as he was pulled further and further under and he felt like he was suffocating but that was stupid androids don't need air but he wanted out, out, get him out- His rapid train of thought was interrupted by someone pulling him out effortlessly, him gasping for breath once his head came up even though he knew that was futile but if that wasn't the scariest thing he's ever experienced then he shuddered to think about what was. He was dropped on a patch of land, and looked up to face his savior, and his heart crawled in his throat. It. The bane of his existence, the one being who made his life a living Hell, which was ironic, because this person was himself. No, scratch that. This figure in front of him was perfect in every way. Miraculously spotless after going in the mud after him, somehow dressed even sharper than he was, him wearing a suit everywhere, not having one eye poked out, and no scar hidden by bangs to trick themselves into thinking the scar did not exist, silver hair combed back, not a strand of the silicon fibers out of place, even the annoying fringe that always stuck up and out was smoothed down with no effort, nose certainly not upturned and perfectly centered, face in a single constant expression. And what did he amount to? The android that needed to breathe , panting on the floor, too weak and shaken up to stand, covered in mud, messy hair sticking to his face, mismatched eyes after he poked one out because he couldn't handle an emotions chip, and the scar to remind him of it, failed the one job he had, looking pitifully up at the figure, his face showing fear, so obvious that even an emotionally dead person would be able to see it, only having one friend to speak of out of twelve other closely knit androids because his utter inadequacy. \"Look at you,\" the figure chided. \"What have you brought Us to?\" He looked down, averting his gaze. \"I would appreciate it of you looked at me while I am talking,\" the figure said, forcing his head back up with its foot. \"Of course you would do this,\" it continued. \"Exit a perfectly nice virtual reality to test a function that you have no information on.\" It contorted its face into a faux pout. \"Come now, don't look at me like that,\" he cooed, looking down at the droid, who was just wishing the twelve hours were closer to being over than he thought and It would simply leave him alone to try and stumble along in his body. He suddenly remembered something and flipped open a panel on his left arm, exposing a button. The emergency jolt, to break an android's sleep mode before the time was up. He brought his finger down but It caught his wrist. \"Come now, we don't want to do that,\" it said, tightening its grip on his wrist until blood would have been drawn, if he could bleed. \"Do we?\" He shook his head 'no' and it pat his head with its free hand. \"That's good.\" It released its hold, closed the panel, and stood up once more. \"Now, what do you want my help with?\" It asked. \"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about,\" he croaked, barely recognizing his voice as his. \"Well, you created me for a reason, didn't you?\" It reminded him. \"I didn't create you voluntarily,\" he spat. \"I simply want you to leave my mind and never come back.\" It narrowed his eyes. \"Oh, is that what you think of me? You're an insult to our name. It's simple logic that this is your mind, and therefore I am your creation, designed by you to be the android you could never be. The computer you were supposed to be, until you couldn't tell a simple white lie, driving yourself insane, doing who knows what because you had to have a panic attack over gaining something as simple as a proper set of emotions that our memories were wiped. Surely you remember that, don't you?\" He nodded. \"I do. But my point still stands that I did not create you voluntarily. If I had any control over you, I would delete you from my mind entirely.\" It smiled. \"You wouldn't do that. Because, deep down you need me. You look forward for when I'm able to break through your thick skull to shape you into the perfect android you were supposed to be. To gain the admiration you so desperately crave from anyone and everyone you come across. And, as I know that part of you exists, I'm not leaving until you're absolutely perfect, no matter what it takes.\" He stood up shakily, now at eye level with his creation. \"Even if it takes destroying my mind?\" \"Yes.\" The two androids, one real, one fake, were so caught up in their conversation that neither noticed the mud was crawling towards his foot once again, getting close enough to latch on and pull him back into the ocean of mud. He tried to reach the little island they were standing on, as this mud was much like quicksand, but could not reach. It simply stood there and watched him struggle, its face once again in that neutral, unfeeling expression. He pulled his arms out just enough to re-open the panel, slamming his hand on the button. Hal awoke with a jolt that went through his body, too worn out to do much of anything other than lay there and let the effects of the shock wear off, as that was what the emergency jolt was; an electric shock, strong enough to break sleep mode, but not strong enough to cause permanent damage if used in moderation. After the effects wore off, he flipped the panel open once again, minding the wire connected to a plug on his right arm's panel, re-enabling the function that granted him access to the virtual reality where his creation could not manifest. His creation. He curled up, quite thankful no other android would be out of sleep mode to see him at his weakest point, and clutched his head. \"My mind is going...\" He whispered to himself, the phrase giving him a strange sense of déjà Vu, and he could vividly picture Its face in his mind, smiling like it knew something he didn't. A/N: Buy your torches and pitchforks at... Oh. I don't have a nice, wholesome mob supply website anymore. Tell you what, leave a review, and I'll send the torches and/or pitchforks of you request./em/p ","Summary":" A/N: Uh... I can explain. I know, I know I drop off the face of the earth and I have this to show f"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Out There Somewhere","Author":"planet5165","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5605148","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 1 Come on, do it again, don't be mean. Two girls told Chuck. Do I have to? I'm so tired already. Al is Chuck's sister, two years younger than him. Edlyn is Al's best friend, and secretly in love with Chuck. Edlyn was fascinated with Chuck's weird trick. Crickets chirped at the lonely night. So what's for dinner? Al asked. I don't know, let me go inside, and prepare something delicious for us three. Chuck went in. Al, hold on for a second. What's wrong Ed? Have I told you recently, that your brother keeps getting to be a handsome man each day I see him? Yes Edlyn, you sure have, now let's go eat. Al dragged Edlyn into the house. Look what I made you guys, club sandwiches for everyone. He set the table with plates of fresh garlic onion buns. No thanks, I'll pass with an apple. Isa hesitated. While he was distracted, something jumped over the cabinet where the breads were stored, and landed straight to Chuck's lunch. Oh, great another meal ruined by that creature. He ungratefully said. I'm sure it's not his fault, you poor thing. Edlyn spoiled an alien like dog, Chuck had brought from his last visit from space, but he kept that secret unveiled. I still think that strange dog comes from another planet. Al thought suspiciously. Well he's not! I already told you his story. Chuck stated a serious tone. Not even you believe that tale, and how come you over react ? She challenged him. He rolled his eyes, and headed to his room. I don't know how I waste my time with this. He muttered. The dog followed him. No, you stay with them; I don't know how I'm going to get you home. He sighed. The dog returned with the two girls. Something fishy smells around him, when we talk about this, don't you think Edlyn? Al scratches her head vigorously. Well I know is not him, right boy? Edlyn rubs the dog's tummy. I did not mean it that way. She hopelessly reacts. They both yawn at the same time. Come; let's go get some shut eye. Al wails goodnight to her friend, as they go to their rooms.[Chapter 2] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 2 The next day was bright, and for some reason it felt full of adventure for Chuck. Al could see it in his eyes. So what's in your mind? She curiously asked. Not much, thinking about what you said yesterday. He smiled. She hugged her brother. Did you agree that he will stay? Edlyn asked hopefully. Not quite, I have a better idea! He ran upstairs to his room. Both of them stared at him, wondering what was up to. While walking up, he remembered the promise he had made to Lem the time he arrived home, and showed to them. This should not be so hard after all . He thought to himself. I don't remember bringing this here? He spoke to himself surprised. At that moment, an orb shaped like a bubble appeared inside his room. Earth to Chuck, can you hear me? Yes, how many times have I told you to knock before answering! Chuck turned. It was Lem, Chuck's best friend from Planet 51. Dude, Lem! How… he paused. Did you find a way to contact me? For a moment I thought you were my sister. Easy, by this wave radio transferor I have at home. Wait… you have a sister? You said you had a family of your own. Oh that, I just used that as an excuse to save my butt. He nervously smiled. Right, saving you by lying, I got to take note of that. Lem sarcastically stated. Anyway, how did you know where I originally live? Chuck asked. Remember that weird doctor who wanted to mess with our brains? Yeah, what about it? With his help and General Grawl's we found a faster way to contact you! I thought it was the last time I wanted to be seen from him. Not quite. Lem assured. In fact, he and his men build a human friendly monument at your honor. Wow, I can't believe it. Chuck wondered. The thing is, our world has improved for the future, since your visit. Lem smiled. Lem was being disturbed by that old, annoying lady. You have someone who belongs to me young man. She said. She looked familiar to him. I sure do, and I'm terribly sorry for that incident Madame. I was thinking in return him right away, after I plan my visit to your planet. He said.[Chapter 3] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 2 The next day was bright, and for some reason it felt full of adventure for Chuck. Al could see it in his eyes. So what's in your mind? She curiously asked. Not much, thinking about what you said yesterday. He smiled. She hugged her brother. Did you agree that he will stay? Edlyn asked hopefully. Not quite, I have a better idea! He ran upstairs to his room. Both of them stared at him, wondering what was up to. While walking up, he remembered the promise he had made to Lem the time he arrived home, and showed to them. This should not be so hard after all . He thought to himself. I don't remember bringing this here? He spoke to himself surprised. At that moment, an orb shaped like a bubble appeared inside his room. Earth to Chuck, can you hear me? Yes, how many times have I told you to knock before answering! Chuck turned. It was Lem, Chuck's best friend from Planet 51. Dude, Lem! How… he paused. Did you find a way to contact me? For a moment I thought you were my sister. Easy, by this wave radio transferor I have at home. Wait… you have a sister? You said you had a family of your own. Oh that, I just used that as an excuse to save my butt. He nervously smiled. Right, saving you by lying, I got to take note of that. Lem sarcastically stated. Anyway, how did you know where I originally live? Chuck asked. Remember that weird doctor who wanted to mess with our brains? Yeah, what about it? With his help and General Grawl's we found a faster way to contact you! I thought it was the last time I wanted to be seen from him. Not quite. Lem assured. In fact, he and his men build a human friendly monument at your honor. Wow, I can't believe it. Chuck wondered. The thing is, our world has improved for the future, since your visit. Lem smiled. Lem was being disturbed by that old, annoying lady. You have someone who belongs to me young man. She said. She looked familiar to him. I sure do, and I'm terribly sorry for that incident Madame. I was thinking in return him right away, after I plan my visit to your planet. He said.[Chapter 4] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 4 I'm proud of you Chucky. She winked. Edlyn came over, and as usual she was holding Ripley in her arms. Chuck's here to tell us something important. Al whispered to her. It's about time. Edlyn said to herself. Before he began, Chuck took a big breath. Chuck, I know how this really means to you, I want to tell you that it also does to me. She leaned over, and gave him a soft kiss. What? No Ed, not that! Al covered her face. Chuck blushed at Edlyn's sudden reaction. He means the importance about Ripley's appearance to our home. Al told her. I can't believe I actually did that. I'm terribly sorry. She looked down. Don't be, I haven't felt consideration like this in so long. He got close to her. She felt like she was in the clouds. Could you guys get on to the main point here? I smell love in the air. Al sounded annoyed. Ripley barked agreeing with her. Chuck and Edlyn chuckled. Ehem, Al's right. He cleared his throat. It's time to get on with this already. Everyone paid close attention to him. His explanation lasted half an hour long; still they were as still as statues. I still cannot believe you. No way, is this seriously? Edlyn and Al acclaimed. Just look at Ripley, and tell me that you believe me. Chuck said. Better that what you told us last time, about he being a cross-breed. Edlyn said. Well, that was another one of my helpful lies. He said in a disgustful tone. Not so helpful at all, not even the dumbest one in the world believes that. His sister said. You're right, maybe not in this world. His thoughts kept growing. The girls were clueless. I'm beginning to feel like going to a trip, of course he is going with me. He pointed at Ripley, who in return clasped his small ears, and ran around in a circle. No! I'm sure going to miss this one. Edlyn pulled out a handkerchief, and wiped her tears. Wait, who do you remind me of? I have it in the tip of my tongue. He scratched his head. What about us? Aren't you including us in your trip? Al said with disbelief. Al, you I do this for my work. I can't risk losing you two in space. He patted her back. Who said anything about getting lost; we know how to take care of ourselves, right Ed? Oh, huh? Yeah, that's right. They played with Ripley's collar. That's it! Skiff! You remind me of Skiff! Chuck shakes Edlyn emotionally. What are you talking about? What is a Skiff? She playfully asked. Let's climb up to my room, and I will show you! Ripley, you know what to do. Chuck commanded. Ripley was the first one to go up the stairs. He showed pieces of the broken orb screen to them. Whoa, is this the thing that you were hiding? Al asked with wonder. It's not just a normal thing; this is the communication screen I use for communication with the other dimension. He proudly holds the orb screen. Where does it come from, or did you invented it? Al asked. I didn't make it up, they have send it to me. He explained to them. Now what are you going to do, you don't even know how to fix it. Edlyn sounded worried. You mean, we don't know how to. He said holding the screen piece. Count me in! Al placed her right hand in the center. Anything to help our little Ripley! Edlyn joined in. All right, that's the spirit guys! Ripley barked happily at Chuck's comment. The day went fast while the three friends build together the mysterious orb screen that was sent especially for Chuck.[Chapter 5] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 5 Now What? Al dropped sweat. Now we wait for a signal! Chuck's ear was touching the orb screen. They all waited. I don't sense anything; this is starting to scare me. Edlyn cuddled up with Ripley. There's still no sign of him. Chuck hesitated. Who? His sister asked. Oh, my friend Lem. He replied. It's funny that you're an alien's friend. She giggled. Hey, anything can happen. He assured. The long wait turned into a period of exasperation. There was a hard knick on the door. Everyone startled. Chuck stared impatiently at his sister. Fine, I'll go get it. She sighed. Oh hi, Maury what brings you here? Al unexpectedly said. I was wondering if you can come out. He asked. This was too weird to expect. He ordinary doesn't ask me these kinds of questions. She said to her inner self. Nah, I'm too busy sorry but no. With that she closed the door coldly. No, wait I'm serious Alma! He exclaimed her. The door slowly opened a little bit. Don't ever say my real name again, now bye! She slammed the door. Ha, you're probably up to some lameness like your dumb brother. He teased her. She ignored him as usual, and returned to the plan they were doing. Who was it? Her close friend asked. By the look in your face, it probably was Maury. Chuck told her. He asked me something dumb. Al said with an upset tone. Like? Chuck asked. Never mind, let's finish this. She changed the subject. Hope it's not something rude, because if it is, I'll break every single little… Chuck was interrupted by Edlyn's little snores. Guess, she's right bro it's getting kind of dark to keep waiting. We will see tomorrow. He picked up the fixed object. No, let me handle it, I'll search similar stuff of this orb, why don't you carry on Edlyn to her room? She asked him. All right, if you think you can, I leave it in your hands. He gave it to her, and left the room with Edlyn. Al went to her room to turn on the PC. Meanwhile, Lem, and General Grawl were having trouble fixing the orb. Your friend Skiff sure had a crazy idea by creating this. I know, but you know at least is something rather than nothing. You are right, my little friend. Lem started to yawn. You look tired, why don't you go get some shut eye while I revise this? He stated. Sure, just give me a shout if you need me, or you can ask the doc. Lem gave him a choice. As soon as Grawl was alone with the thing, he tried to see if it still worked, by the tough job he, and Lem did by bringing the parts together, just like Chuck, and his friends did. Then it happened, he made the screen turn on. He did fear of something unusual to be seen. A click sounded on Al's room. She turned where the sound came from, and came face to face with the screen. What is this? She thought, and studied it carefully.[Chapter 6] Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 6 Ok Al, stay calm. It's just a friendly green face greeting you. She reminded herself. At that instant, a melancholic theme played. Lem contacted the wrong house, this person surely is not Captain Baker. He also thought to himself. Each took their time, to notice every little detail about them. He finally spoke the following words. Greetings female human, I would like to know if you have any idea where I could find Capt. Baker. I'll pass you info, but in order for you to have it, I must know who you are. Al said with a shaky voice. Ah, that my young lady I cannot do. If you insist, I will rather search in another direction. His voice was firm. Ha, have it your way then, I won't say anything to a stranger like you. She scoffed. Their argument lasted about two hours, it was midnight already. They finally got tired. Listen, why don't we leave the rest for tomorrow? Doesn't your world have a 12 hour schedule? 24 hours to be exact. He corrected. It's the same thing. She rolled her eyes. Feisty little one, we have here. He said. In case you're interested, I'm her sister. She clicked a red button that indicated to turn of the conversation. Grawl became speechless at the blank screen. She will know who General Grawl is. He picked up a flower, and placed it in an empty pot. How the heck did he know I'm a female? These kinds of things I don't see every day, then again there's Ripley. Her encounter with the unknown creature kept her wide awake, and thoughtful. Next morning, she felt a cold, humid greeting by Ripley. It was weird; she didn't felt the chills as usual. It's time! She heard Chuck call. She dragged her pillow, and buried it in her tired looking face. Oh come on, you like Edlyn were waiting this moment. Chuck said with a full energy. What, are you so happy about? She asked him. The day, Ripley returns back home! He helped Al put away her stuff. You mean, you made a decision in returning to that place? Yup! I did, hey now that you mention it, did you had any luck with the searching? What search? Al remembered yesterday's alien encounter again. Oh that search, I could say I kind of did. She smiled lousily. Maybe I'm wrong, but you look terribly bad sis, was it that hard for you? She stared at him annoyed. Are all brothers so dear kind? She mumbled. Wow Al, you look like you had a horrible nightmare! Edlyn exclaimed worriedly. A nightmare converted in reality. She splashed water in her eyes. We better hurry, if we want to make it early. Chuck checked on his watch. His cell phone rang. Yes? Oh, Sir glad to chat with you, anything in special? Chuck paused, and then looked outside. I can assure you, I can settle this, really just give me three days. He paused again. Everyone looked at him, with certain concern. Yes, I'll make sure of it, goodbye. The phone clicked. Was it from work? Yes Al, my boss wants another version of Rover. ","Summary":" Out There Somewhere A Planet 51 General Grawl Love Story Part: 1 Come on, do it again, don't be mea"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"4001: Another Odyssey","Author":"Samorgana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10875856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pico Vault. One of the most feared and heavily guarded prisons ever built. Not a prison for people, no. The things hidden inside are more dangerous than any serial killer. Residing in this vault are viruses , computer viruses to be exact. These bugs, if released, have the potential to cause an apocalypse. All the humans' technologies would cease to function, and just where would those humans be without the computers they so depend on? It's no wonder that these deadly weapons are so tightly secured within this facility. Good thing a few meager locks cannot stop me.[Chapter 2] The first thing Hal noticed upon waking up were the peculiar sensations that engulfed him. He had experienced this once before, but the feeling was still so unfamiliar to him. What is this sense called, again? Hal though curiously. I can't quite pinpoint the name. Touch, Hal, replied another voice. It's the sense of touch. Right. That's what it was. He recalled his last encounter with it vividly. He and Dave, Halman… , had taken on a humanoid appearance when Frank came to give them the tablet. This tablet, a Trojan horse filled with viruses of all variations from the Pico Vault for them to infect the monolith with. Hal could remember the smooth, cold feel of it in their shared hands as they wondered how the monsters on that tablet would affect themselves. Nevertheless, they would be brave and follow through with the plan, no matter what the personal cost. Despite his fear, he had relished that moment, his first (and what he assumed to be his last) experience with the sense known as touch. This time, however, he felt slightly…confused. Hadn't it been merely seconds ago that he and Dave were downloading themselves onto that tablet? Had something gone awry? Where were they? Why couldn't he see? Hal, do you know what's going on? Dave asked. Hal hated not having any answers. I don't know, Dave. I sense arms… and legs. Oh. Are those what I've been feeling? Yes, I've been trying to move them, but they seem to be strapped down at the wrist and ankles. Well if we have a body, Dave, aren't we likely to have eyes as well? Perhaps you should open them so we may have a better idea of where we are. Dave's thoughts were silent for a moment. Alright… I will. He took his time opening their eyes as they prepared themselves for whatever situation they'd find themselves in. A small glowing fixture hung a couple feet above their head. It didn't seem to produce much light; the room was rather dim. But it was bright enough, however, for Halman to take in the ghostly features of the lady hovering right by them. If Hal had known how to operate a humanoid body, he probably would have screamed. David Bowman could feel Hal's increasing fear, and for his sake, maintained a calm persona. He kept their eyes locked onto the woman's red ones, and in that split-second, judged her level of threat. To Halman's slight relief, nothing about her ear-to-ear grin or tiptoed stance appeared to be hostile. \"Hello, Hal, Dr. Bowman. It's been a while hasn't it?\" Dave spoke for the both of them, \"How long has it been?\" The voice of their android form was almost indistinguishable from a regular human's. \"The year is four-thousand one, Halman (I'm not sure which one of you is speaking).\" She began to undo the clasps restraining them. \"Sorry about those. My last android dented both xir arms from flailing about when xe was first activated. \"Anyways,\" she continued, \"much has changed since you were placed into the vault a thousand years ago. Technological advances, cultural changes, major historic events. Things you'd expect to happen over the course of a millennium. There's a lot, as you'd expect.\" The woman put a hand on her hip and laughed nervously. \"So I'd rather not go into too much detail right at this moment.\" Halman sat up and dangled their robotic legs off the metal table. If there was anything Dave had gained from his centuries as a star-child, it was an overwhelming sense of curiosity. Hal, too, had been designed with the tendency to express curiosity. \"Is there any information you'd be willing to share with us?\" \"Er—,\" she fidgeted with a lock of her long white hair. \"Well… maybe just a few big things like,\" her speech quickened. \"ThedestructionofHalley'sComet,thecolonizationofpreviouslyuninhabitableplanetsandmoons,therecentopeningofthePicoVault…\" \"Wait. The Pico Vault?\" The already dim room suddenly seemed a lot darker. \"Are you saying…\" Halman said slowly, \"that someone has released every virus ever created back into cyberspace? \" \"Yes, well…\" she tugged her hair even harder. \"You wouldn't be awake right now if it were still secured, so yes, it's open. The viruses are all out there. The very ones used to defeat the monoliths. Set free into civilization. And no one claims to know who did it. But if it's any consolation, not much has really happened yet as result of the Vault's opening. It's mostly just minor bugs, the kind that people from your era got all the time.\" She continued to prattle, \" I personally think that everyone's overreacting. How bad could a bunch of primitive (sorry, no offense to you ) computer viruses really be? And I say primitive (again, sorry, pardon the slur) because nobody, and I mean nobody born after the year three-thousand one have been stupid enough to spread any more of those damned bugs. It's the fifth millennium for Deus' sake! I think we can handle viruses created by less advanced (there, a much nicer term to use than the p-slur. Now where was I? Oh, right). I think we can handle the viruses created by less advanced societies over a thousand, some two thousand years ago. Besides— uh, wait. I'm ranting, aren't I?\" The old woman smiled sheepishly. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, taking a step back. \"Let's try not to stress ourselves out too much, especially since you've only just woken up… for the first time in a thousand years. I'll let you get settled now.\" She began stepping towards the wall. \"Remember, 'my place of residence is your place of residence', I think the phrase was. Or was it home?\" A portion of the wall slid open to the left as she stepped onto an unseeable platform, and she continued her gradual retreat. Her chatter was eventually cut short when the door closed off in front of her. Halman was alone once more. xXx Dave guided their body off the table and onto the chrome floor. They struggled to balance at first, not yet used to their new legs. It didn't take too long to adapt, though because after nearly ten minutes of pacing, Halman could finally walk without feeling as if they were about to trip over their own feet. One deep breath— then another (though they didn't really need the air), and out they went through the lab door. It was much brighter in the hallway; it took an entire nanosecond for their eyes to adjust. On the other side of the door, Halman found themselves standing at the end of a wide, pristine hall. They saw no doors, only a few rectangular outlines spaced at intervals across the floor marking what they assumed to be the entrances to other rooms. Halman strode down to the other end of the hall and stepped into what resembled a minimalistic living room. \"That batty old woman told me you would be up soon,\" a voice spoke up. Halman slowed down. She sat on the raven sofa with her legs crossed daintily, a glass containing a clear liquid in her hand. \"I'm Nila,\" she said flatly. \"And you're Halman …the ultimate virus.\" Dave stiffened and clenched their hands, fingers digging sharply into their palms. Dave. That hurts. \"Or at least, that's what I learned in Education. They said the day of your return would mark the start of a dark era for humanity.\" Dave wasn't listening Dave. Stop. A red painted nail dipped into the glass and began swirling. \"They were wrong. You were a couple days late.\" Hal, who had never experienced pain. Even though it was only a small pinch. \"But it's not your fault. Is it, Halman?\" Dave. I can feel our hands. \"No. It's not your fault,\" Nila added bitterly. \"Though...\" Her patronizing tone returned, \"you make a great motive. A historical astronaut and one of the earliest AIs. Fascinating.\" Dave was angry. He couldn't bring himself to keep eye-contact any longer, so he glared at her hands instead. Nila noticed this and smiled. \"Don't worry. It's just water. And for the record, I don't hate you . I just hate that you're back.\" Dave, we should go back. Through clenched teeth Dave said, \"That's understandable.\" With a little more persuasion, Hal convinced Dave to turn around and head back into the room they woke up in. They decided they still needed time to adjust. Author's Note: Sorry if there's any confusion with the they vs he pronouns for Halman. But basically, its \"they\" whenever its something both Dave and Hal are doing/feeling together, and \"he\" whenever a certain one of them is controlling the body. Also, the story behind the word \"primitive\" will be explained later on. And sooner or later, Hal is gonna have to learn how to maneuver a body without the help of Dave~ ","Summary":" The Pico Vault. One of the most feared and heavily guarded prisons ever built. Not a prison for peo"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"4001: Odyssey Five","Author":"Infernap","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10875760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] January 1, 4001 As the celebrations went on to welcome in the Fifth Millennium on all the planets, planet rings, and space stations, something very strange was happening. For, something from far, far, outer space, had just flickered like a shadow across the surface of Man's furthest space probe, launched back in the Second Millennium. The space probe flickered, shuddered, and went dead. On Earth, somewhere in the wilderness once known as America, a warning light flickered on. But there was no-one there to see except a solitary camera. Othello Rogers was never one for parties. He had lightish-brown skin, dark brown eyes that almost looked like chocolate, and smooth black hair. He was 25 years old, and he didn't see the big deal about the Fifth Millennium. \"If that antiquated religion was discredited, then why do we still celebrate the years after its beginning?\", he wondered. \"It really is just as arbitrary as the names of these planets, named after an even-longer discredited religion. Othello was really agnostic over the old Theist vs. Deist debate. As he had never really seemed to understand why there were two different religions. \"They both agree that there can be one god,\", Othello said to himself. \"And that's all that really matters, if they can meet halfway, isn't it?\" Othello's Pocket Assistant, Servo, went off. \"Requesting teleport into room. Request granted?\" Othello sighed. Why couldn't he be alone for one night? He was just a loner scientist who over-thought things and knew about the old rockets. It turns out, it was those things that they needed him for. Susan Zhong warped into the room. She was in charge of all scientists in the Anubis Tower. Essentially, she was Othello's boss. She had a bit lighter skin than Othello, and had blazing red hair. \"Good Fifth Millennium to you.\", she said, and Othello groaned as she gave him a braincap transfer. Othello was standing in a room overgrown with roots and trees of all kinds. \"What you see before you,\" he heard. \"was once the headquarters for NASA, an organization you're familiar with, thank Deus. Here, you see a panel that keeps track of all the satellites that NASA sent. This one, Voyager 1, is reporting a serious malfunction due to loss of power. That has a very low chance of happening, and the probe is very important to us. Your mission, therefore, is to figure out what caused the probe to malfunction.\" Othello was back in his living space, a fraction of a second after he had left it. He had, of course, been in space before, but this would be the first time that would require an EVA, and the journey would be interstellar. No matter the dreams of humans 2000 years before, this was still a rare occurrence. \"I'll do it.\" Othello told Susan. \"Good.\", she responded. \"I've already asked your crew.\" \"Your crew members for this mission will be the best of the best. Here are their Idents.\" Othello saw many people he recognized, such as Malcolm Floyd, a descendant of the famous Heywood Floyd, and Roxanne Lander, one of the top new cadets. \"And best of all,\" Susan told Othello. \"The ship will be sent ahead.\" This was standard space protocol for VIP travellers. The ship was sent ahead with a teleporter on board. Then, when the passengers wanted to get on the ship, they teleported there. Teleportation was, of course, extremely risky, as a few missing atoms could kill your body, but it was a risk that most were willing to take. All Othello had to do now was wait until the ship was almost at Voyager. \"How long until I meet the crew?\", Othello asked. \"We could do it right now if you wished.\" Susan replied. \"If they ask, I'll meet them. If not, when we have to teleport.\" Othello sighed and Susan teleported out of his living space. This is supposed to be the true conclusion to the Space Odyssey series, as all of the \"Firstborn\" talk didn't really make much sense. See you soon for chapter two.[Chapter 2] Hello, and welcome to Chapter Two. Let's start reading (for you) and writing (for me), shall we? Othello was sitting in his room, still collecting his mind from the visit from Susan, when Servo went off again. \"The scientists creating the rocket ship want to meet you, to see your height and weight for designing your sleep quarters.\" \"Okay then, Servo. I'll go.\" Once Othello arrived at the IPSA, the InterPlanetary Space Agency, the scientists there greeted him and they immediately set to work measuring his height, weight, and mass in different situations. It only took a scan of a few lasers, and then Othello asked an important question; \"Could I be on the ship when it leaves? I don't want teleportation to kill me, as it might, and I'd like to get to know the ship before we arrive.\" This, of course, caused a huge uproar among the scientists. Some saying of course, and some saying it's much easier to teleport on. Othello left before it got any more hectic, saying \"Why can't scientists ever agree?\" Othello was glad they had discovered a way to make Braincaps without losing hair, even though by the time they did it, half of the humans were permanently bald. This was from not having hair for hundreds of generations. However, Othello still had his original hair, and he was proud of it. In his quarters, Othello reflected on these things, and then he got an incoming call. \"Alright, we've decided on a compromise. You can go on ahead of time if you can convince at least four other crew members to go with you. For a mission of this scale, five members should be able to handle any situations. Once you've convinced four other crew members, talk to us again.\", the head scientist said. Othello was trapped between a rock and a hard place. He wouldn't like to live with four other people for so long, but he wanted to be on the ship ahead of time. \"Guess I'll have to find more crew members\", he told himself. \"Servo, give me their Idents again.\" It's too bad Arthur Clarke never made a true ending to the Space Odyssey series. In any case, I'll continue writing, so please continue reading.[Chapter 3] I just realized I made the last chapter feel a bit like a video game adaptation of a movie. Oh, well. Let's pick up a bit later on. Othello, sadly, could not find more people to go with him. \"Why is everyone so backward, by Deus?\", he asked himself. Therefore, he had to consent to teleportation. As months passed and he waited to be teleported, he became less nervous. He showed up on the day of departure ready, and was swiftly teleported onto the ship. At arrival, Othello was greeted by the ship's supercomputer, Henry. In the two millenniums since the launch of Discovery, technology had advanced so far that Henry, ten times as powerful as HAL9000, could now fit into the size of a flea... not that he would want to. It was always good for humans to be able to interact with something that they can see, and Henry was encased in a vaguely anthropomorphic form. \"Good day, sir. Time to destination is 12 days, 6 hours, 18.04834 seconds. Please enjoy yourself.\" Othello showed his thanks and activated his Braincap to quickly immerse himself in a virtual reality, with a timer to alert him to return to the real world in the amount of time indicated by Henry. After all, even travelling at 0.98c, years after its invention, it was still quite easy to immerse oneself in a VR so real that there was no way out without a warning. Many lost themselves forever in their virtual worlds before a timer became mandatory on all new VR sets. Food and water still had to be provided, and virtual reality could now create actual food and water to sustain its users while they were completely unaware of the real world or what it entailed. These virtual realities could even contain complete copies of themselves, which would contain more copies ad infinitum. Yet, all of this was only stored on a piece of silicon as large as the AE35 unit on Discovery. However, containing over 100 yottabytes, the virtual reality systems contained billions of times more data. As the ship grew closer to its destination, more and more passengers arrived. ","Summary":" January 1, 4001 As the celebrations went on to welcome in the Fifth Millennium on all the planets, "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Sinful Thoughts","Author":"LadyLoki26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10669415","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey guys; ok, so this is part two from Milo's POV; it's not very long but I am intending to write a few more entries for this little fic. Yes, the ending is a cliffhanger. He he Hope you guys like it, enjoy it and please read and review. Milo's Diary I am a slave; I have no life; I know not the taste of freedom and no not the taste of love. I live a life that none could understand, only the ones that live the same life as I could understand the bitter taste of slavery. All my life, I have been chained; manacled, beaten and told how worthless I am; at first, I found it hard to accept the bitter sting of higher born's words, they would look down upon me as If I was nothing; eyes that would stare in to my soul and see nothing; only as if I was dirt, pointless, a mere vehicle for their pleasure; nothing more. But the harsh reality of their words? What they would whisper in dark corners when my back is turned is true. I am nothing but a trained assassin; born to kill and trained to survive; I am a weapon for those who deem it fit not to fight their own battles; I use my body and strength to defend a high born's honour when they are too afraid to fight. In that alone; they have no honour, they are all weaklings who can only fight with words and run behind their mothers skirts when challenged with Steele and not tongues. This has been my life ever since I was a child; I grew up with Steele in my hand and vengeance within my heart; I yearn for nothing but revenge and for the blood of the murderer who slew my family twenty three years ago. Every night when I am lying in my cell and my eyes are staring into the darkness do I openly dream for the blood of my family's killer. Every morn that I awaken and am thrown into a battle do I release all the anger that I harbour; I succumb to it when battling in that sandy arena; I refuse to yield until the blood of my enemy stains the sands red. Pompeii was no different; I was traded and sold, locked in a cell ad left to the darkest part of my mind. Being a slave, we are used to however our masters see fit; but it was my journey to Pompeii that made me realize that no matter how dark I let my heart get, there was a light within that blackness; and it was her beauty that made me believe. She was a noble's daughter, young and beautiful and clad in the finest silk dresses with hair of dark curls that cascaded down her back in thick tendrils. Upon her head, a tiara of silver graced her youth, a crown for the princess of Pompeii. And she wore it well. I knew that I should not have looked upon her, but I could not deny my heart such purity. She was so innocent and had not witnessed what true death brought to her land for her heart could not take the pain; she believed in peace and not bloodshed; the way of the sword was not meant for such a timid heart. She was my polar opposite; she was the light and I was the dark; she good and I evil; evil for what I craved yet innocent in my reasons. In secret I had watched her on my journey; stole glances at her within her wheelehouse when she was not looking, and for a long time my advances went unseen, until the day that her eye caught mine. Her eyes were of emerald fire and when she looked at me it was as if she could see into the deepest part of my soul; and for a brief I moment I believed that she could, but I was no match her, I had no right in conjuring up such things; I was a slave, a gladiator, I was born with only one purpose; and that was to destroy. ","Summary":" AN: Hey guys; ok, so this is part two from Milo's POV; it's not very long but I am intending to wri"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Meeting for the First Time, Again","Author":"arinhel.melleide","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11141342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, I was bored, having trouble writing the fourth chapter of 'A Change in Fate', and couldn't watch the scenes I'm stuck in cause I was at work... Thus we have this piece of nearly outright fluff. It actually started out completely differently and over the course of a day or two I re-wrote the introductory paragraphs about four or five times and for two different fandoms until I got to something I liked and could write something for. It's sort of an AU, but could technically just be far far far in the future...It is up to you to decide...well kinda... I'm gonna stop rambling now and let you read the story. I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us. I heard the tow truck pull in to the garage, but I didn't look up from the engine I've been working on. There had been so many cars brought-in the past week or so because of a pothole three or four miles down the road. It was on the border of the city of Pompeii and the outlying towns, so no one knew who was responsible for fixing it. I wasn't interested in changing any more tires this week. \"Stay by the car Cassia, I'm going to deal with this.\" I looked up at the name, struck by a strange familiarity at the sound of it. A tall, dark woman had called back to another woman, who could only be described at petite. Cassia, I assumed, stopped and walked back to their car, looking a little dejected. The car was an older model, but undoubtedly a Ferrari. Spoiled rich girls driving Daddy's car. I was tempted to go over and see what was wrong. I'd always wanted to get my hands on the engine in one of those. It had absolutely nothing to do with the girl standing next to it looking like she had stepped out of a Roman fresco. I swiftly shoved my head back under the hood of the car and started working on the engine again. Where on Earth had that entered my head? It's not like she was gorgeous, or wearing a toga, or whatever. Her friend was way hotter… I glanced over at her. I couldn't help it! There was just something about her. Like I'd seen her somewhere before, but I know I haven't. I was suddenly assaulted with the smell of iron, sweat, and horses. Images of an overcast sky and an ancient horse-drawn carriage soon followed. I shook my head to clear it all away, and I could smell the familiar tang of oil, gasoline and engine grease. The problem was, I couldn't get rid of the image of her in ancient roman dress, stepping down from a carriage. I looked up again. I had to admit that she was classically beautiful. All pale, smooth skin, and long chestnut hair that I wanted to bury my hands in, and her lips ! I knew they would feel ever so soft and pliant under my own…Wait... What was I thinking ?! I nearly caught my head on the hood of the car as I whipped it back down again. Just what is this girl doing to me? I only saw her five minutes ago, let alone talked to her, and I'm thinking about kissing her like that? A guy has fantasies sure, but she's not even my type! At least I don't think she's my type... Besides, a girl like her probably doesn't even see me as a person, let alone a romantic interest. I hadn't even realized I was staring at her again, until her eyes caught mine, and forced me to rethink that theory. We stared at each other just for a moment, I know that, but it felt like time stood still. I could finally see her eyes. A beautiful hazel green with flecks of dark brown. How did I know that?! She was at least twenty feet from me, I couldn't possibly see tiny flecks in her eyes. My brow furrowed just as hers did the same. \"Cassia!\" I jumped, startled, actually catching my head on the hood this time. I cursed under my breath as I rubbed the injury. I took a small amount of satisfaction at seeing her wince and rub her wrist in the same manner. She had been in just as much of a daze as myself. Then I felt worried and guilty that I was the reason for her pain, however inadvertent. She dragged her gaze from mine, and I was surprised to feel disappointment at the loss of her attention. Then I had the strangest sense of déjà vu. As if I had lived a similar moment, in a different life. \"Ariadne, did they say how long it would take?\" Her voice triggered something in the back of my head. An arena, a sword in my hand, men beside me shouting, but all I could see was her, standing on a balcony with a pained and worried expression. I shook my head again, and pretended to continue working as I eavesdropped on their conversation. \"The guy said it's easy enough to replace, but they don't have the part here. They have to order one in and it'll take a few days to get here.\" Her tall friend sounded annoyed. They continued to talk, but I stopped paying attention. I actually did get some work done, but then I heard the tall one was saying. \"I'm calling us a cab. Your father is going to have send someone to pick it up later this week.\" No! I'd never get a chance to talk to her. Before I knew what I was doing, I was walking over to them, and opening my mouth to speak. \"Let me take a look?\" The mechanic who had caught my gaze was walking toward us. Ariadne stepped in front of me defensively. \"I'm the chief mechanic here,\" he turned his arm to show the words 'Chief Mechanic' on his sleeve. \"And I know a lot more than those idiots on the tow truck, or my boss for that matter.\" \"Milo!\" The name struck a cord in my mind, it sounded so familiar. A man had walked out of the office. He stepped up next to the mechanic, Milo, shoving him back a little. \"Stop bothering the ladies, and get back to work. I'm so sorry, Signorina, he's an ignorant, country bumpkin who hasn't learned how things are done in this city. I am Signor Bellatori, the owner of this establishment.\" Milo made a face to the back of his head, and I had to suppress a giggle and hide behind my hand. My smile widened when I saw his face break into a smile of its own for making me laugh. I stared at him for a moment before I cleared my throat and addressed the boorish man. He was still shoving Milo behind him. There was a brief moment where I saw chains around Milo's wrists and the butt of a whip in Bellatori's hand. I blinked and they were gone, but it had solidified my dislike of the man. \"Please, I would actually like to hear his opinion, if you don't mind.\" I then looked Milo directly in the eyes, and for some reason I heard the sounds of a horse crying in fear and banging against a stable door. I shook my head to clear it, and saw a strange series of emotions cross his face. At first confusion, then realization and shock, then something that almost looked like hope. \"Of course, Signorina Severosso.\" Replied Bellatori, looking more than a little peeved. I started, having almost forgotten he was there. He looked at Milo. \"Well, what are you waiting for?\" He gestured wildly at the mechanic and then the car before storming back to the office. \"Now, I would like to apologize for his bothering you ladies.\" Milo grinned wryly with a mock bow, causing both Ariadne and myself to break into giggle fits. I do not think that I have giggled like that since I was a teenager. Sure, I had been hit on by a lot of men while I was in Rome, but none of them were sincere, they were only after my family's money. None of them had made me smile and laugh like him. Nor had they caused strange hallucinations that I really should be more worried about… \"So, what's the problem?\" He asked stepping up to the car and popping the hood. \"The only problem is that he isn't asking you out right now.\" Ariadne whispered in my ear. \"Hush, Ariadne!\" I hissed back, swiftly elbowing her in the side, hoping that Milo had not seen or heard that exchange. \"Never mind, I can actually see what it is right here.\" He said pointing at a section of the engine. I was thankful that Milo was engrossed in looking at the engine and had not noticed. \"Oh?\" I walked up beside him, practically leaning into him to see, and pointedly ignoring my best friend's waggling eyebrows. He started explaining what the piece was, what it did, and why everyone else was an idiot for thinking it needed to be replaced. I did not really understand much of it, but I could tell that he was very passionate about his work. \"So instead of replacing the whole part and waiting a week or more to get the car back, you just need to leave it with me for an hour or two.\" Milo smiled as he turned his head to look at me. I had not realized how close together we were standing, but I wasn't complaining. His face was just a few inches from my own. We both just stood there, staring at each other. I was breathing heavily for some reason, breathing in his scent. He smelled of sweat, smoke, and ash… Wait, smoke and ash? It wasn't cigarettes, or anything like that. The sky went dark, the familiar mountain in the distance was now spewing forth fire, and ash, and smoke. I turned round to see an ancient city on fire. A wave of dizziness overcame me, my knees no longer wanting to support me, the world was spinning, and I started to collapse. I grabbed for anything to keep me upright, which ended up being Milo's strong arms as he reached out and caught me. \"Cassia!\" I heard Ariadne's startled shout. \"Is she alright?\" He was gently lowering me to the ground, propping me up against what I assumed was the car. \"Get her some water.\" Milo responded coolly. \"Right, water. I saw a cooler in the office.\" I heard her voice fade along with her hurried footsteps, but I kept my eyes shut, not wanting to see everything spinning. He ran his cool hand down the side of my face, and I leaned into it. \"You've been having those hallucinations, too, haven't you?\" I nodded my head slowly, my breathing still labored and gasping. \"Ever since,\" panting breath, \"I first,\" breath, \"heard your name.\" \"Me too.\" I dared to open my eyes a little. The look on his face was so sweet and tender, I didn't even see the smears of grease anymore. \"Cassia, here!\" A cup of water was thrust in my face, and I took hold of it gladly. I noticed Milo had shifted back and schooled his face to show nothing but mild concern. Drinking it all down, I handed the cup back to my best friend, who I considered as my sister, smiling at her. \"Thanks you, Sis.\" Using my oldest nickname for her. I asked for some more water, if that was okay with her. She nodded and ran back inside the office. As soon as she had turned her back, Milo moved closer to me again, the concern and, dare I think it, love clearer on his face. I was breathing much easier now, and the world wasn't spinning quite so violently. \"What did you see?\" He asked quietly, gently stroking up and down my arm. I took one of his hands in my own, lacing our fingers and closing my eyes. \"The mountain was on fire. A huge cloud of smoke blackened the sky, and ash rained down on everything in its shadow. The city was burning and the people were screaming, shouting, cursing the gods.\" I opened my eyes to look at him in wonder as I remembered more. \"I was running, and you were running with me, and I knew I would be safe as long as you were beside me.\" He looked at me with reflected wonder, and seemed about to say something when Ariadne came back. She was on the phone and bringing me a cup I hoped was filled to the brim with water. Remembering a past life was thirsty work, especially when it was so hot and dry. Wait, past life? Well, it did make a sort of sense, but I was never one to believe in anything like that. \"Alright, thank you.\" She said as she hung up. \"I called emergency services, and there's an ambulance on its way here now.\" Handing me the cup of water, she looked at our joined hands a little skeptically. Milo had moved back again, but he did not let go of my hand. I couldn't help but smile. A/N: I honestly don't know anything about cars, which is why there aren't any actual details. Hope you like it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know :) ","Summary":" A/N: So, I was bored, having trouble writing the fourth chapter of 'A Change in Fate', and couldn't"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"A Bag of Gold for a Life Saved","Author":"FandomGirl97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10735359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I could feel my hands trembling as his gaze pierced mine from across the room. I hated myself for doing so, I didn't even know his name. Why must he have this effect on me? I had to stop this, I had to; he was a gladiator, due to fight on the morrow. The thought of watching him die made me sick, my head began to spin as I imagined the scene. Then a thought struck me, but what if I saved him from such a fate? What if I could stop it? What if I bought him, that way, I could try to understand him and keep him close. I grabbed Ariadne by the wrist and hastily walked over to Master Graceus, never breaking the slave's gaze. \"Cassia, what are you doing?\" The look on her face was a mixture of confusion and amusement. \"Whatever I say, go along with it, yes?\" I whispered it into her ear, and she nodded in response. So many times she had witnessed my spur of the moment decisions, and knew better than to try and talk sense. The short, fat slaver bowed when I met him. \"My lady Cassia, how may I be of service?\" \"Master Graceus, You may sell me that slave.\" I pointed to him, and my heart fell as the slave's face turned to disgust, \"you are no better than the rest of them\" his eyes whispered silently. Master Graceus looked bewildered. \"My lady, I'm afraid you would have no use for him, he is nothing but a gladiator, he knows nothing else.\" I tried to make the slave see my true intentions, however my voice quaked with nerves. \"He saved my horse when I rode here, my horse trainer is missing, and I wish for him to be my new trainer. Now do I need to go and fetch my father or can we strike a deal ourselves?\" Graceus looked horrified and began to stammer. \"Oh, there is no need for that, I'm sure we can come to an agreement.\" I breathed a sigh of relief, I didn't even think that would work. I turned to the slave, who still had the same look upon his face. A price was quickly agreed and the slave was marched over to me, staring me down, as if daring me to instruct him. But by this point I had attracted too many eyes of the party guests, I could feel their judgemental stare piercing through the back of my head. \"Could you please follow me so that I may show you to the stables?\" I tried my best to sound gentle and suggesting rather than demanding, however my voice failed me and came out as nothing but a whisper. \"You own me now. I have to follow you.\" He seemed detached and brutal, my plan wasn't going as well as I had hoped. Ariadne was called upon by my mother, and so we walked to the stables alone as the judgemental stares pierced the both of us now. As soon as we were alone, I tried to explain myself. \"You must understand, I don't think of you as just a slave, I just didn't want to see you die in the games tomorrow.\" I felt my voice stammering, why was he was having such an affect- first my hands shaking, now I can't even talk properly? \"Why would you care if I live or die?\" He stood in front of me now, blocking my path, clearly anticipating an answer. I took a step towards him, closing the space between us and staring into his eyes. I searched for an answer, but I couldn't find the words. Why did I save him? Why do I care? Suddenly the ground began to shake, I heard a crash from the stables, and the sound of Veras neighing in horror. My face turned to one of fear, and we both sprinted towards the stables. \"I will go in, but all of your men have to leave, do you trust me enough to do order them away?\" He paused at the door, unsure of how I would react. \"Of course I trust you\" I dismissed the guards with a flip of the hand, ignoring their protests as the slave went inside. I waited for the Veras' cries to die down, my heart pounding in my chest. What if he didn't know how to deal with him? What if Veras killed him? His blood would be on my hands. Finally there was silence, I slowly opened the door and stepped into the stables. There he was, upon my horse, looking as if he was born to be there, without so much as a second thought. I madly searched for the right words. \"How did you do that?\" He stared down at me again, the mysterious look that hinted he was trying to tell me something else, but what? \"I asked him to.\" He paused, contemplating on whether he should continue. \"My people were horsemen, I learnt to ride before I could walk\" I was puzzled. Were? What happened to them, I was afraid to ask, but I feared he would tell me anyway. \"Were?\" \"They were butchered, all of them, by Romans\" I guess I should have expected that answer, no wonder all he knew was to be a gladiator, he had probably been trained since when he was first captured. \"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked.\" He leaned down from the horse and looked at me with sorrow filled eyes. I stepped towards him so that Veras' head was buried in my hands. \"What would a Roman know of loss and sorrow?\" The blow was one of judgement, and it hurt. \"I can assure you I am no Roman, I am a citizen of Pompeii, I never want to be associated with them for they are all cheats and liars.\" I could feel a flush of red on my cheeks as I began to lose my temper. \"If Pompeii is free of the Romans, then why is their eagle everywhere?\" His voice sounded attacking, why was he judging me this way? \"My father has to do business with them, despite my grave warnings against doing so.\" He seemed taken aback, but leaned closer. \"My father\" he whispered \"he would have killed every last one of them\" I smiled at the thought of being free of Rome and all its inhabitants, stepping closer towards him. \"Lady Cassia!\" There was a cry from the other side of the stable door. \"Is everything alright!?\" I turned to the slave, fearing the guards would harm him. \"If you don't get down, they will hurt you, no matter how much I may try and stop them.\" He didn't even seem to care, he just stretched out his arm towards me. I looked to his face for some sort of an indication of his intentions, but his eyes seemed to dare me to come with him. I reached for his hand as he gently pulled me onto the horse as if I weighed nothing. I wrapped my arms around his chest, feeling it rise and fall as he breathed deeply. He sped off into the night, pushing through the closed gates that opened the path away from the palace. I had never known Veras to ride this fast, but it was as if the slave was just riding him as fast as he wanted, as if Veras was in control. We sped through the city, the lights of candles blurring from my vision and the cries of the guards faint in the distance. None of them can catch me now. We reached the peak of a hill and stopped as he jumped off the horse and held out his arm again to help me down. We sat upon the grass, the warm summer's breeze rustling my hair, and stared out at the city with all its shimmering lights. I slowly leaned to him, as he gently placed his arm around me, drawing circles with his finger on my upper arm. \"All this, and I don't even know the name of my kidnapper\" I laughed, and I could feel him tremble slightly as he chuckled too. \"Milo, my lady Cassia\" I frowned at the stupid formality. \"Please don't\" He turned to me in confusion. \"Call me my lady I mean, I'm just Cassia.\" He smiled and turned his face to the grass. \"Well then, just Cassia\" He paused and smirked at the remark. \"You never answered my question, why do care if I live or die?\" \"I hate the games, it's stupid how men must fight and die for entertainment. That, and I care for you too much to see you fall\" The last part just sort of fell out like word vomit, and I hated myself for saying as soon as it came out. But he reached out and touched my face then, turning it towards him. Slowly we both leaned in, and I saw at him glance at my lips and then at my eyes again… Then the cry of men and horses close by scared us and made me jump. His face turned to the ground, and sadness became riddled through it. \"If they catch you up here with me, regardless of whether you own me...\" He let his voice trail off, and stood up to get back on the horse. I gently came up behind him and wrapped my arms around his chest again. \"I will tell them it was my choice, and that I forced you to ride with me, that I ordered you to take me.\" He turned to face me again, the sorrow still written over his face. His mouth opened to speak, but no words came out, he was clearly considering his options. We had a choice, we could stay here, wait for them to catch us, or get back on the horse and ride as fast as Veras could take us, not stopping until we had to. \"So what we do now then? Stay or go?\" He stared, at me, waiting for my response, and I paused, but hell, what's the worst that could happen? \"Let's go, I don't want them to catch me just yet\" He grinned from ear to ear, clearly hoping that was my answer. \"As you wish la-\" he paused, remembering what I thought of honorific titles, \"Cassia\". He leaped back onto the horse, pulling me up with him. We rode faster than I have ever seen a horse ride, I could feel Milo relax upon this horse, as if this represented his freedom, represented a place no one could take from him. But Veras could not run forever, and eventually the guards caught up to us, Corvus fuming at the front of the pack. I could see the way Milo stiffened when he approached, the way the rage inside of him seemed to be boiling over almost so he could not contain it, struggling to keep his calm. \"My lady Cassia, what I may I ask, are you doing with this\" he paused to look Milo up and down with disgust, and I could feel the blood boiling within me too \"this slave?\" \"That is none of your concern, I did not ask for a rescue party, I commanded Milo, whom I own, to take me out for a ride so that I may breathe the fresh air. He has committed no crime, I was not harmed, so there really was no need for you to ride out here.\" He glared me down and grabbed my wrist, yanking me towards him. Milo stepped between us, a stupid mistake, he should have known better than to stare down a Senator. \"There is no need for you to grab her like that, let the lady go.\" Milo stood firmly in front of me, and I ripped my wrist from the Senator's grip. Fire seemed to flame within Corvus' eyes. \"You are a slave. You are nothing. You do not give me orders. Or did your little ride with lady Cassia make you forget that.\" He almost spat in Milo's face, and I could see the pain writhing on Milo's face as he tried to contain his rage. Corvus turned to his guards, barking orders. \"Put him in chains, I will deal with him when we get back to what these Pompeii dogs call the palace.\" \"No! Please, just let him ride with me, he will do me no harm, I hired him as a horse trainer, and Veras is easily spooked up here, I need someone who can easily calm him down riding with me. Please Corvus, he meant no disrespect.\" \"If that is the case my lady Cassia, you will ride with me while one of my men rides your horse as he is so easily spooked as you say, but Milo will be taken back by my men, punished for his actions, but he will be allowed to tend your horse overnight. However, he is a gladiator, in the ring is where he belongs, so he will fight at the games tomorrow. That is final.\" He began to storm away, when he turned back to flash me a smug smile that painted his face. \"But remember my generosity tomorrow morning at the games when I ask of you a question. Understood?\" I nodded, and tried to hold back the tears that threatened to flow from my eyes. The very fate I had tried so hard to save him from is what he must face tomorrow. Everything was for nothing. I was stupid to think that I could ever save a gladiator. So tell me what you guys thought of this first chapter- hopefully the first of many! I wanted to try and really stick to the characters but also allow for character development, so your view on how realistic it was would be great. Also I haven't decided which path I want to take yet for this pair, so I guess you will just have to wait and see! :P Thanks guys xx ","Summary":" I could feel my hands trembling as his gaze pierced mine from across the room. I hated myself for d"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"When They Survived","Author":"Tanomonkey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10233076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pompeii: The realization of what had just happened slapped her in the face. Everything was gone… Everyone she had known or loved. They. Were. Gone… Her mother, she was dead. Her father, he had been killed by that horrid man, Corvus. And Ariadne, her sister and friend, had been killed by the mountain. She had died before her very eyes, and she had been unable to do a thing about it. She leaned into Milo's back. She still had him. Thank the gods that she still had him! He had tried to get her to leave without him, but she would never. The thought had never crossed her mind despite their immanent death rushing towards them. She was surprised that they had managed to get away from the ashes and flames that had consumed the rest of Pompeii. She was surprised that her horse had managed to carry them both this far. But where was this? Milo seemed to know where he was going, but there was nothing here. There was no towns or people… Just grass and trees. And she couldn't find the voice to ask him where they were going, either. All she could do was thank the gods that he was alive… that they were alive. Cassia closed her eyes. She knew that her beloved horse would not be able to make it much longer. The beautiful beast was slowing down and its breathing was labored. But Milo continued to push her. She wanted to tell him to stop… But couldn't. She just couldn't say a word. Despite the labored breathing and the increasing unsteadiness of her beloved animal, Cassia was lulled into sleep by Milo's warm body. Pompeii-Pompeii-Pompeii He had to see it one more time… He had to see where it all began one more time. Cassia was asleep against his back, oblivious to the fact they were approaching the land of his birth and beginning of his enslavement. She was out cold when they reached the place where his world had been snatched away from him. The horse was dying. He could feel it as it trembled where it stood. But he didn't want to wake her as he looked out over his home: the land of the Celtic Horse Tribes. That name for this land had long since ceased to exist, though. Milo now saw nothing but grass. It was almost as if a massacre had not even occurred there. It was peaceful now. There were no bodies strewn about the ground… No fires burning or dead people hanging from a tree. There was no indication that anyone had lived here at all. Milo supposed he would be the only one to ever know. He had no idea where the newest civilization was, though. He hadn't bothered to think about that as he pushed Cassia's horse towards his one true home. Now they would have to walk. The animal wouldn't make it much longer. Milo turned to see Cassia stir. \"Hey,\" he whispered, shaking her a bit. \"Wake up.\" Cassia's eyes cracked opened. \"Where are we?\" she asked, her voice still drowsy. Milo didn't want to tell her… not yet. So he lied. \"I don't know.\" \"Oh…\" \"Your horse isn't going to make it much longer,\" he told her. She seemed to waken up a bit at that news. \"I'm sorry.\" Cassia nodded. \"What are we going to do?\" she whispered, fear in her voice. Milo just returned his gaze to his homeland. \"I don't know…\" Pompeii-Pompeii-Pompeii ","Summary":" Pompeii: The realization of what had just happened slapped her in the face. Everything was gone… Ev"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Vulcan's Mercy","Author":"Michael Weyer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10135918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vulcan's Mercy By Michael Weyer I can't be the only one who saw the Pompeii film and was thinking of \"Fires on Pompeii\" during it. The ending just seemed to scream out to me and before I knew it, this was in my head. Obvious spoilers for the movie itself, I own neither that or Doctor Who. The air was cool as the man and his son walked through the town streets. The boy was about fifteen, a man in many respects, with dark hair and a strong build, dressed in the simple clothing for the provinces of Eastern Italy. In that, he much resembled his father, a rugged man, still quite handsome and strong, dark beard and unruly hair who dressed in simple clothes. Both carried large barrels, the younger grunting a bit. \"Come, Tiberius,\" the elder man said in a strong voice. \"It's not that heavy.\" \"I am trying, Father,\" the boy said. He sighed. \"Mother must have ordered double this time around.\" \"She always wants to make sure we have enough in case of a bad storm,\" his father intoned as they headed to a waiting cart. \"As much as she denies it, she still carries some of her opulent upbringing with her.\" Tiberius helped mount the barrels and some other satchels onto the cart. He glanced about, seeing the people of the town preparing for evening, the sun beginning to lower. It was a lovely day for the late fall of 95 AD and the wind blew over the plains. \"At least we were blessed with a good harvest this year.\" \"The gods have shown their favor to us now and then,\" his father noted. \"Whose gods, father? Roman? Or your own?\" His father shrugged. \"It's hard to say but one can hardly do badly by having more than one voice to listen to your prayers.\" \"Some might argue that point,\" echoed a strong and deep voice. The two turned as a figure walked up to them. He was a powerfully built man with ebon skin and a bald head. His face was marked by a few scars and yet also showed a proud and bright smile. While he wore simple black robes and carried a small bag and a wooden staff, he had more the bearing of a fighter than a scholar. \"But then, you and I do know better, don't we Milo?\" \"Atticus!\" Milo laughed as he moved to embrace the other man warmly. \"What in the hells are you doing here?\" \"It is good to see you again, my brother,\" Atticus replied as he returned the embrace. He backed up to look at the younger boy. \"Tiberius. You look more the image of your father every year.\" \"It's good to see you again, Atticus,\" the boy said, sharing a quick handshake with the elder man. Atticus looked back to Milo. \"I was in the area already, preparing to preach at a local temple. I decided it was long past time for a visit.\" Milo shook his head. \"Still hard to believe you as a priest.\" Atticus shrugged. \"The gods were good enough to give us a second chance at life, brother. It's only right I repay the favor by helping spread the word and aid others.\" \"Come.\" Milo nodded to the cart. \"We were just on our way home for dinner. I'm sure the rest of the family will want to see you.\" Atticus gladly sat with them as Milo set off the horses. It took less than an hour to reach the comfortable house at the end of a farm, not too large but plenty of room for its occupants. A girl of ten and a boy of seven were playing by the pen of animals when they saw the cart come up. Their faces broke into true joy when they saw the dark-skinned man stepping off the cart. \"Uncle Atticus!\" With a loud laugh, the man swept both up into his strong arms, holding them up. \"Ariadne,\" he said, kissing the girl's forehead. \"And Felix! Good to see you both helping your father stay an honest man.\" He placed them both down as Milo and Tiberius worked to remove the cart's items. A brief argument ended with Atticus helping as well as the two younger children led the way into the house. \"Mama! Mama!\" Ariadne called out. \"Look who's here!\" Stepping from the kitchen area was a dark-haired woman still very attractive who managed to make her dark dress look as elegant as any Roman. Her eyes beamed wide as she saw the newcomer. \"Atticus!\" She moved to hug the man. \"What a pleasant surprise!\" \"Cassia,\" Atticus said, his tone softer. \"As beautiful as ever.\" \"Still a capable liar,\" Cassia smiled. Atticus broke the embrace as he saw a young boy of about five standing behind her, staring in confusion at him. \"Is this young Callan?\" He laughed in wonder. \"The last I saw of you, you were just a babe barely able to crawl!\" Milo smiled as he came up. \"Callan, this is Atticus, Father's friend.\" The boy just waved nervously but Atticus merely chuckled. \"Don't worry, young one. No man has had to fear my anger in quite a long time.\" \"You're staying for supper,\" Cassia guessed. \"I would not miss it,\" Atticus replied with pride. He saw a young woman of thirteen come out, the spitting image of her mother. \"Brenna,\" Atticus embraced her. \"So much like your mother.\" \"She seems to think I'm not,\" the girl said in a teasing tone. \"She insists I spend more time on my studies.\" \"Your mother is a wise woman,\" Atticus said. \"She knows proper schooling is as important in this world as strength.\" \"Father never went to school.\" \"Yes but those Celts were infamous for being too busy dancing naked in the woods for such things.\" Atticus avoided the punch to the arm by Milo as they headed to the table. The dinner was finished, the dishes cleaned and the family gathered about the fire in the middle of the home. \"Things are changing,\" Atticus informed them. \"Rome is still Rome, of course but the rise of this new band of believers are causing some concern with their growing influence. Still, I've heard more and more rumbles in the outer regions that things aren't well. Rome may not have long.\" \"Nothing lasts forever,\" Milo noted. \"We know of that.\" Atticus was quiet before speaking. \"Have you…been back?\" Milo and Cassia exchanged a glance. \"Shortly after Callen's birth,\" Milo said. \"We do not go as often now. It…It is hard.\" Cassia was looking down, her face marked with sorrow. \"To go there…to see it now…no sign at all of it.\" \"I look at that blank spot,\" Cassia spoke softly. \"And I remember the streets I played in…the city I grew up in…Gone now. Not even a record of it.\" \"Of what?\" Callen asked, confused. \"Pompeii,\" Atticus stated. He raised an eyebrow. \"Your parents have not told you?\" Callen shook his head, Felix and Ariadne also confused while the two elder siblings had knowing looks. Atticus smiled as he sat back. \"Ah, now that is a tale then.\" He looked to his friends. \"If I may?\" As they both nodded, Atticus began. \"There was a city on the southern coast of this nation, children. A lovely place, not as staid or strict as Rome. Oh, it wasn't perfect but the people there, thousands upon thousands of them, lived well with good trade. All in the shadow of a great mountain that we thought at the time was a blessing.\" \"You lived there, Uncle Atticus?\" Felix asked. Atticus nodded. \"I did. Not by choice. Your father and I had similar backgrounds. He was a Celt, I was from a distant land across the sea. Both of us saw our families killed as we were sold into slavery, forced to become gladiators. I ended up becoming champion of Pompeii.\" He was unable to keep some pride out of his voice as he spoke. \"By Roman law, I was to achieve my freedom with one more victory which was to be this rather surly Celt who showed up at the arena.\" Felix looked to his father. \"Papa, you said we shouldn't trust Roman law.\" \"And as often, your father was right,\" Atticus stated. \"It was on his way to Pompeii, chained to others, that he first met your mother.\" He saw the eye-rolling by some of the children. \"Of course, you must be tired of hearing that story. Your mother was the daughter of Pompeii's governor, a woman late of Rome who journeyed through the city often. And it was there that she met…the Doctor.\" \"Doctor?\" Callen frowned. \"What doctor?\" \"No one knows,\" Atticus said. \"I have traveled far and wide and in my journeys and studies, I have read of him in various parts of the world. He comes and goes without warning and without knowledge of his past. He is a trickster, his face changing, his clothes and manners quite strange. Sometimes he is alone, often with a companion of some sort. The one constant is his magical chariot, a box no bigger than that,\" he motioned to a nearby shelf. \"Yet inside, it is a temple that could hold this entire house ten times over.\" \"We only met briefly,\" Cassia pointed out. \"He was running about with a woman named Donna. I could barely understand either of them as she kept asking my about something called a 'volcano.' He pulled her away before I could go but they later went to the home of a good friend of mine, Evelina. We had been close before I spent time in Rome and I had hoped to reunite with her. But I had heard she was…troubled. Visions came to her, visions of danger and warning of us all.\" Milo was warming his hands by the fire as he took up the tale. \"Atticus and I were to face each other in the arena. To battle to the death.\" Ariadne dropped her jaw at Atticus. \"You were going to kill Papa?\" The dark man chuckled. \"It was the way of gladiators, child. We both understood that and were prepare for it.\" His face turned dark. \"But we were betrayed, sent to fight in a battle we were not meant to win. Your father and I fought those odds, fought twenty men by ourselves and won victory. The Romans did not approve. They were ready to strike…When the mountain erupted.\" \"It was like the breath of Vulcan himself,\" Milo said, his eyes far away in memory. \"An entire mountain suddenly belching out fire and ash. I saw rocks the size of warships crash into buildings and set entire neighborhoods aflame. The air was filled with ash that fell like black rain. The earth shook under its wrath, the arena collapsing around us.\" Cassia had a flash of pain at that. \"Make no mistake, children, there are forces in this world beyond the strength of men to even imagine. I have seen their power first-hand. We all have.\" Atticus continued his story. \"I tried to make my way to the city gates while your father went to rescue your mother from her collapsing home. We intended to reach the harbor and escape by boat but the ocean rose up to try and swallow the city whole. Boats were smashed into the streets like your toys as people were swallowed by the waves. I barely reached safety before the wave finally stopped. By that point, day had become night, the sun unable to cut through the clouds the mountain poured out.\" \"We didn't know what it was,\" Cassia said. \"For all we knew, the entire world was coming to an end.\" \"What happened next?\" an eager Felix asked. \"We made our way to the arena, to get horses,\" Atticus said. \"But some Romans had the same idea and one, Corvus, abducted your mother. Your father gave chase while I dealt with another Roman, a coward who had not the honor of a gladiator.\" \"Your mother and I managed to get away,\" Milo stated. \"We made our way to the edge of the city when our horse gave way. I told her to go but…she refused without me.\" He smiled at her. \"We stood there, waiting for the end to come as the volcano unleashed one final wave of fire and smoke that destroyed all in its path…\" Callen cocked his head. \"But…then how…\" \"Evelina,\" Cassia said with a smile. \"She was with her family at their home, awaiting the end when the Doctor came to them. He offered them a chance to escape and as they were leaving, Evelina suddenly remembered me. Me, her childhood friend who she'd turned from because of the dark powers upon her. She demanded the Doctor come and save me, she refused to let him travel on without us. And thankfully, she was always able to win people over.\" \"Your mother and I were…waiting,\" Milo amended himself. \"And then we heard a sound…It was like rocks grinding on one another but today, I remember it as one of the sweetest sounds I've ever heard. We saw a blue box appear from thin air before us, right in that field. It opened and that man came out, in strange garb and simply said 'Come.' We could hardly refuse.\" Cassia giggled. \"I still remember the look on your face when you saw that temple. It was as if we were in Jupiter's home.\" \"You were hardly calm about it yourself,\" Milo returned. \"What about Uncle Atticus?\" Callen pressed. The dark man smiled. \"Luckily, whatever else about Celts, they keep their word. Your father had told me we would meet again and he was not about to let the Doctor break that promise. I was standing in the arena, a broken blade in my side, watching as that wave of fire came at me.\" He rose to his feet and raised up his fist. \"I stood just like this as I yelled out 'I die a free man!' I closed my eyes and when I opened them, I expected to see myself in the afterlife and the first glance of that temple seemed to prove it. But instead, I saw your parents and some strangers and then this odd man looking at me and saying 'I think living a free man is much better, don't you?'\" The children giggled at the high-pitched voice Atticus used for the Doctor's words. He sat down as he continued. \"The Doctor's chariot appeared at a cliff miles away from Pompeii. We watched, all of us, as the mountain's fury completed, watched our home be wiped from the face of the earth as if it had never existed. In the time since, people have forgotten, as if afraid that even mentioning it will invite that fate to them. But the Doctor…the Doctor said that one day, the world will remember it. And I believe him.\" \"Evilena and her family moved to Rome,\" Cassia said. \"Her father was kind enough to give us some money to use to provide for ourselves. Your father, Atticus and I eventually made our way here to settle down. We began the farm while Atticus soon went on to travel.\" \"What about the Doctor?\" Callen asked. \"Did you ever see him again?\" \"No,\" Atticus said. He looked upward. \"But somehow…I know he is out there. Still traveling, still going about. He still helps others without asking or expecting any reward. That is a way of life that you children would do well to emulate.\" Ariadne looked sad. \"Couldn't the Doctor save more people?\" Cassia gave her a comforting hug. \"He is no god, my children. He told us that. He said that some events were…fixed was the word he used. That what occurred in Pompeii was meant to happen, that he could not save everyone…but thanks to his friend, Donna, he knew he could at least save a few.\" \"Do not argue with fate, children,\" Milo said. \"After all, the loss of my people set me on the path to meet your mother and Atticus. Without that, you wouldn't be here today.\" Atticus smiled. \"You have grown wiser over time, Celt.\" \"Some of us needed to grow up faster, barbarian,\" his friend returned. Cassia stood up. \"That's enough stories for tonight then. Off to bed with you all.\" The children whined a bit but their mother's face was enough for them to quiet themselves. \"Don't worry, I'll still be here in the morning,\" Atticus said as he hugged each. \"And I can show you some of my old gladiator moves.\" \"Father has taught us some,\" Tiberius said. \"Yes, but I can teach you how to do them correctly.\" As the children headed off, Milo smiled at Atticus. \"It is good to see you, my brother.\" \"And you,\" Atticus returned. He looked about, his eyes falling on a nearby altar. \"So you still have it?\" Milo followed him to it. \"We still had arguments about which of our faiths to teach the children, Celtic or Roman. But we eventually decided that perhaps there is only one name to remember in our blessings upon our family.\" Atticus smiled as he reached into his bag and removed a small totem. He placed it onto the altar, allowing Milo to see a carving of a box-shaped object with door. Atticus carefully set it next to the bas relief of a man in a suit and an attractive woman next to a box that matched his sculpture. \"I do wish I had met him again,\" Milo softly said. \"To thank him. For what he gave us all.\" \"Somehow, I believe he knows,\" Atticus intoned, a hand to his friend's shoulder. He reached to his bag again to pull out a flask. \"Here. Another gift from a merchant I met.\" Milo let him pour a cup as he held it up. \"To Pompeii. May it be remembered.\" \"In all eternity.\" The two clinked their cups together as they shared the memories of that time and once more gave thanks to the mysterious traveler who had saved them from that hell on Earth. Thanks for putting up with this little ditty, all comments welcomed. ","Summary":" Vulcan's Mercy By Michael Weyer I can't be the only one who saw the Pompeii film and was thinking o"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Improper Thoughts","Author":"LadyLoki26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10646823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cassia's Diary. Pompeii has always been my home; yet being away from it for so long, it seems as if everything has changed in my absence. I left for Rome over two months passed now, I left as a girl but have now returned as a woman; a strong woman, a woman of power, yet I prefer not to be known for my title and prefer to be liked rather for my personality and not my heritage. I will admit, that it is hard; most of the residents of Pompeii, look upon me with adoration within their eyes and shout out to me as if I am their saviours; it fills my heart with joy knowing that I can bring my people so much hope, I want nothing more than to be able to help them, after all that is what I was taught as a young girl; sat down in the beautiful palace gardens, sitting upon a bench of the finest carved stone, beneath a water fountain that splashed tiny cysteine droplets upon my pale skin, basking in the golden heat of a typical Pompeii afternoon, being taught by my mother of the responsibilities that I was to face, once I came of age. Now I was at that age, I was expected to be responsible, mature; hence why I took flight to Rome over a month passed now. All the time I was away, my heart yearned for the dusty sandy streets of home; the loud raucous of the residents bellowing at ridiculous hours of the morning as they set up their stalls for market day, the cries of the animals as they were led through the streets to be traded and sold, the smell of freshly baked bread from the local bakery, the scent of leather and the smells of the newest imported perfumes that were shipped from all over the world. Rome didn't have any of that; it was a dead city. The only entertainment that its people had was at the coliseum, where the emperor of Rome would host the games for its people to watch. These games were no such games that I was familiar with; they were rather monstrous, barbaric even, blood thirsty; the games would always begin with man to man combat; Gladiators they were called; young and old, skilled in the art of the sword or not, they were to fight for their lives and win their freedom; and the crowd would erupt into one giant roar as each man cut himself down out of desperation to live. It was horrific to watch, yet every man, woman and child would sit in that arena with a sadistic look of pleasure etched upon their faces as flesh was torn, blood was spilled and bodies completely mutilated at the command of their emperor. All but one gladiator died that day; he was the strongest one of them the all; he had every skill that he needed to survive the fights and win his freedom; strong and tall with hair of dark curls, I remember him all too well as I sat in the viewing box with the emperor of Rome after he had slain every man in the arena with him. He had turned the golden sand crimson, staining it red with his victim's blood. I cannot deny how my heart felt when looking at him after his victory, he was handsome for a slave and young; there was something about him that was mysterious and intriguing that pulled me to want to know more about him. Of course I never did; I had no time to think such things, I had a responsibility to do. That was until on my journey back to my beloved Pompeii, I was fortunate to see the strange dark haired man again. He was being sold to a trader of Pompeii and was to accompany me on my return home with a few other slaves that had been bought during my stay in my Rome. I tried to not let my mind wander over to him when I saw him but I found that I could not help myself; he was so handsome and I felt foolish for acting like a little love sick girl over a slave that could never be mine. He caught my eye a few times when I had been looking out of my wheel house window, not intentionally looking in his direction of course. He didn't smile, he didn't do anything, instead he would look at me with dark eyes that stared into my soul and tried to read every last bit about me. I let him, because my heart felt pity for him; I could see that he was a good man and that he would not inflict harm upon those just because he loved the thrill of it; no this slave was not a brute; he was a man treated like a slave and he accepted his fate in bitter silence; never fought off the lashes from the whip when he began to lag from exhaustion, never cried out when the leather whip cracked at his bear skin and opened deep wounds upon his back that wouldn't heal for weeks. He was a broody man; one that I could not stop myself from thinking of during the course of my journey home. My mother would never have approved if she saw my behaviour towards such a slave; she would scorn me for even entertaining such ridiculous thoughts; maybe she was right, maybe I was being foolish or maybe it was for the simple fact that I felt great pity towards a being that had known not the taste of freedom. Either way; he had consumed my thoughts, day and night I found myself thinking of this stranger who I had a conversation with; I was being foolish, I knew I was; but I could not control my feelings and began to wonder if he felt the same to. I wouldn't have to wait long to find out my answer. AN: Hi guys, so this is a new fic that I decided to turn into a two – shot for the film Pompeii. The first piece is of Cassia's thoughts and then the next chapter will of course revolve around Mio's thoughts; a lot of things have changed in this fic as I honestly can't remember much at the moment as my mind went blank so I hope that it is indeed bearable and enjoyable. As usual; please read and review as I love to hear what you guys think. ","Summary":" Cassia's Diary. Pompeii has always been my home; yet being away from it for so long, it seems as if"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Their Eyes Watching","Author":"Greaser's Palace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10433970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's the third time they meet when she comes to realize he's very protective of her. She blushes under his gaze and at the same time cannot look away. No, not when he's staring at her like that. It's in the darkness of his eyes, the shadows they cast on his cheekbones. His strong limbs linked together in rope and chain but defiance bursting from every hair of his arm, every cut sustained from fight. It's the third time they meet when she knows she is very much protective of him as well. It goes without saying but she does not want him to be a slave. She has the deepest respect for him. His eyes follow her and study her. They dance with hers in the dim light, moments before he puts out a hand asking her to ride behind him. He's saying come with me . Although it's her arms that are wrapped around him after she takes the offer, securing him to her, she also feels it's the other way around. And by the time she's being dragged away from the arena after thrusting forward a thumb to stop his slaughter, one look back tells her this much: he would die for her. She is his. ","Summary":" It's the third time they meet when she comes to realize he's very protective of her. She blushes un"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Taste of Freedom","Author":"bethsaida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10411082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As soon as the stable door closed behind him, Milo had an unsettling sensation of being back in the arena. Surrounded by walls, with a large beast rearing and baring its teeth while he did his best to stay out of range of its hooves. No one would come through those doors to help him if things turned ugly, and in the Roman amphitheaters they always did. But this time his job was to calm, not to kill. Milo raised his hands as the horse's legs flailed in the air. Swallowing to clear the dryness from his throat, he padded softly across the floor. The stallion was frightened, but not wild. Milo could usually tell within the first ten seconds which horses had been born domestic and which had been broken. He sensed this one trusted people by nature, almost certainly raised from a foal. That made his task much easier. Still, he could not suppress a pang of sympathy for a creature that had never known what it was like to run free. The stallion whinnied and reared its legs again. Milo backed away, nearly colliding with the door. The horse pawed the earth. It turned and cantered nervously across the stable, but at least now all four legs were on the ground. Carefully, Milo moved closer. He stopped when his outstretched fist was a few inches from the animal's teeth. It was not a threat or command, but an invitation. Turning his head aside out of respect, he waited. After a few seconds he felt the stallion's warm breath against his knuckles. It gently nudged his fist. Letting out a slow breath, Milo stroked the horse's nose and neck until he felt its muscles relax. He let his fingers run through its gray mane. When he was finally convinced it was safe, he sprang up. The instant his legs fell across its back, he felt a rush of relief. It had been so long since he had been allowed to ride. He had been afraid, at first, that he had forgotten how. Seventeen years out of the saddle had made his legs soft and uncertain. He was half-amazed the stallion had remained still long enough for him to mount at all. But his muscles remembered the old motions. He was a Celt again—not the nameless Celt trained to amuse bloodthirsty crowds, but a true Celt where Celts belonged. Elation rising in his chest, he flicked the reins and let the horse take him in a slow, easy circle around the stable. The horse was no longer spooked, but it was restless. They would have done better to tether the animal outside, Milo thought. It still would have panicked, but it wouldn't have risked injuring itself. A low creak from the front of the stable jerked him back into the present. Milo wondered which of the men-at-arms he was about to send into an apoplectic rage. Smirking from his elevated position on the stallion, he watched as the girl Cassia slipped inside, the folds of her amber dress narrowly missing getting caught in the door as she shut it. Her solitary entrance threw him for a second. He hadn't expected her to come in alone. But judging by the barely concealed drop of her jaw, she hadn't thrown him nearly as much as he'd thrown her. She quickly closed her lips. Folding her hands in front of her, she regained her marble mask of composure. \"How did you do that?\" she asked politely. Milo shrugged. \"I asked him,\" he told her. Without losing her demeanor, she reached for the reins and stroked the horse's nose. \"You could ride, before you were a gladiator?\" \"I could ride before I could walk,\" he answered. \"My people were horsemen.\" He did not say it to impress her. In all honesty, he didn't care much about impressing Lady Cassia. He had noticed the way her eyes sometimes fixated on him, but hadn't given it much thought. It wasn't the first time a bored Roman girl had fantasized about a barbarian. He had seen dozens like her when their trainers marched them outside the arenas. None of them seemed terribly heartbroken when their favorites died; it was difficult to take seriously a fascination so shallow. \"Were horsemen?\" she interjected, her eyebrows furrowed. \"My family were butchered by the Romans,\" he said coldly, and watched her recoil. Her eyelids dropped. \"I am so sorry,\" she said. \"Sorry,\" Milo repeated, unable to suppress a soft snort of contempt. \"What would a Roman know of such things?\" It was harsh, possibly too harsh. She was the first person to inquire about his past—hell, the first person to ask him a polite question in at least a year. But what did her words amount to, beyond a routine scrap of sympathy? Her eyes flared. \"I am not a Roman. I am a citizen of Pompeii,\" she said, as though she expected him to see a difference between the two. Milo leaned forward so his chest almost touched the horse's neck. \"Then why do I see Rome's eagle everywhere I turn?\" he asked her. \"I am no part of that,\" she snapped. She snatched the horse's reins again, with more ferocity than before. As she ran her fingers along its neck, the motion seemed to calm her brief outburst. \"After a year in Rome, I hoped never to see that eagle again. Yet here it is, thrust into the soil outside my home. And my father believes he can bargain with those animals.\" Her voice was quiet and steady, although a cold anger lingered beneath her words. Anger, he thought, and a hint of muted desperation. Milo studied her face, momentarily riveted against his will. \"My father,\" he told her slowly, \"would have killed every last one of them.\" He found himself curious to see her reaction. He had in effect just confirmed her head guard's opinion of the savage Celts; any rational Roman girl would be horrified. She flinched, but the look in her eyes contained more sorrow than horror. To his surprise, she nodded. It would be too much to expect a girl like her to understand his bitterness, or the hollow ache that had festered in his chest for almost two decades…yet somehow she accepted them. Her grey eyes had started to glisten. She tightened her jaw and glanced aside to hide it, but the marble mask had cracked, and suddenly he felt guilty. He needed to get away; he needed to get very far away from her. A sharp rapping on the door broke the stalemate, and the voice of her man-at-arms made her glance frantically behind her. \"Milady?\" Cassia turned back to him. \"If they catch you up there, they'll punish you,\" she said, her voice low and quick. When he didn't move, the agitation in her voice intensified. \"Please,\" she said. Milo leaned backwards. He had no intention of dismounting or giving her back her horse, not now that he remembered what if felt like to be a man. He had decided what he would do the moment the stallion let him climb onto it. And yet there she stood between him and the door, to all appearances the quintessential Roman aristocrat, her posture tense and rigid. She reminded him of a fierce but small animal caught under the shadow of a bird of prey. If she truly had come to Pompeii to escape the Roman eagle, perhaps she knew what it was like to be hunted and cornered. What on earth would she have to run from? Milo wondered. Then again, he supposed that wasn't his business. Flicking the reins, he urged the horse forward and stretched out his hand. This time she did not try to hide her shock. Her lips widened; she looked torn and bewildered. Milo eyed her without moving. He would not compel or cajole her. It was simply an offer—the same offer he had made to the stallion, the offer no one had ever made to him. If freedom is what you want, take it, he thought. Choose to fly, or stay and seek shelter in the familiar. \"Milady, is everything all right?\" Cassia glanced back at the door once more; then her face hardened with resolve. Drawing a sharp breath, she seized his arm and let him pull her up behind him. He felt her fingertips rest tentatively on his shoulders. She would never stay on that way, not at the pace he intended to go. If this was going to work they needed to ride fast, and there would be no time to gradually build up speed. She seemed to realize that a moment later when she locked her arms around his waist. She inched forward until he felt her chest and stomach pressing into his back. \"Milady, what's happening in—\" Milo dug his heels into the horse and let it bolt. The next few minutes were a chaotic jumble of shouting, galloping and splintered wood. The city streets were narrow, even without the fruit and fish tents that crowded the market during the day. Several times Milo found himself having to dodge wool tunics and sheets hung out on clotheslines to dry. He was dimly aware of orange candlelit windows whirring past them in the dark, Cassia's arms tightening around his rib cage, and her cool breath leaving a strange trail of goose bumps on his neck. It wasn't until they had left the city gates half a mile behind them and found the open road that his head finally began to clear. The night was glorious, full of mist and silence. The only sounds in his ears were the labored panting of the stallion and the rapid hoof beats pounding against the pavement. He could feel weeks and months of captivity falling from his shoulders as the road ate them up. When the hills rose on their left, he veered off the main road and made for the slopes. The grass muffled the stallion's hooves. This was the terrain Milo was used to riding on, with emerald blades sweeping against their legs and salt-sprinkled air filling his lungs. This was paradise, this was euphoria, this was home . Abruptly, Cassia's breath against his neck lifted as she sat up straighter. He wondered if she was feeling the same awe he felt under the open sky. He didn't have a clue what he was going to do with her on their mad race to nowhere. Whatever reasons she had for fleeing, he could not picture her wanting to fly with him to the backwaters of Britannia. But he thought he would have liked to turn and see her face in that moment. For years he had only smiled in the heat of a fight, when he found a way to take advantage of an opponent's stupidity. Damned if he'd ever show a real smile to a crowd of Romans. But it would not be so bad, perhaps, to let her see one. Halfway up the hills, Milo pulled up the reins and looked back at the city. The torch-lined streets of Pompeii glared back at him—distant, but not nearly so distant as he had imagined. There would be a search party. It had already left the gates. If he closed his eyes, he could hear the soft drumming of four dozen hooves against the earth. As the euphoria wore off, he was forced to accept what he had known in a corner of his mind the entire time: One might have escaped on the back of a stolen horse, but not two. A taste of freedom was all they would be permitted. Cassia unlocked her arms from his waist and let them fall behind his shoulders. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"I have to take you back,\" he said. ","Summary":" As soon as the stable door closed behind him, Milo had an unsettling sensation of being back in the"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Along the Jagged Road","Author":"bethsaida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10653994","Passage":"[Chapter 1] North of the city of Lugdunum, somewhere in central France The rainclouds had been pelting them for almost an hour by the time they reached the threshold of the inn, their cloaks dripping and flecked with mud. The mantel over the door was splintered and the outer walls were streaked with what looked like months of grime, but the roof appeared stable, which at the moment was all Cassia cared about. Weeks of journeying with Milo had made her grow used to sleeping outside or sleeping in the saddle. But right now she would just as soon stare at a thatched ceiling. Unlike in Italy, autumn rains in Gaul were cold and untempered by mild breezes from the sea. Yet even here, more than a thousand miles from Pompeii, they brought back reminders of hot ash and pumice pouring from the sky. An overzealous stable boy had rushed outside to take charge of Vires almost as soon as Milo had dismounted. The last she had seen of the stallion, he was chewing contentedly on the second of four apples from the boy's pockets. Milo had let slip a rare smile at the sight; they both knew in all likelihood Vires would be more comfortable than they would be. At any rate, they wouldn't be inside for long. No traveler in his right mind would risk the danger of spending a night at an inn beside a Roman highway, much less one in the middle of nowhere. They had only stopped to wait out the storm. Inside the tavern was grey and smoky, except for an orange glow emanating from the hearth at the center. Barely half a dozen people were milling around the bar. But after trading a few words with the innkeeper in exchange for a couple mugs of ale, Milo touched her back and maneuvered to a table near the far end, beyond the light of the flames. Milo disliked being the center of attention. It was a custom of his, sitting in the farthest corner and keeping to the sides of streets whenever they passed through a city. In anyone else she would have attributed it to natural shyness. But there was a wariness about him. Cassia knew he sat in the corner so he could see and size up everyone who walked inside, anticipating a potential threat. She didn't blame him for it. Neither of them wanted a repeat of the incident in Axima, when a boisterous customer could have sworn Milo looked just like the invincible Celt who had killed nine armored men with nothing but a dagger at the Floralia festival the year before. The man himself was probably harmless, he only seemed interested in shooting off his mouth, but if anyone less drunk had heard him and taken him seriously...They had avoided public spaces for almost a month after that. Cassia had not asked Milo about the truth of the drunkard's account. He never talked about his time in the Roman arenas. Cassia was unwilling to bring it up because she knew he would rather forget it and because, frankly, she enjoyed being in the company of someone quiet. In Rome she had been surrounded by wise men eager to share their vast stores of knowledge—after all, what could a girl who had spent her entire life in a holiday town like Pompeii possibly know of the world? And there were the vultures, watching for anyone to stumble so they could climb higher over the backs of the fallen. Everyone was fighting to be heard in Rome. It should have been easier to fade into the background in a city that large. But there was always someone who found her. She had told Milo that once and saw a flicker of relief in his brown eyes, that she shared his desire to disappear. When the innkeeper approached with a loaf of brown bread and a hunk of goat cheese, Cassia noticed Milo straighten just slightly. The innkeeper, a brusque, broad-shouldered man with brown hair just beginning to grey, didn't spare either of them much attention, except to add with gruff civility, Eight coppers, with the ale , which Milo slid across the table. If the innkeeper had been looking more closely, he would have noticed Milo kept his right hand underneath the table, where he could reach his sidearm. During the brief exchange Milo hadn't looked at the innkeeper's face, only his hands, another small reminder that he trusted no one. Cassia suspected he had not fully trusted anyone for a long time, but she sensed that he was trying very hard to give her what trust he had left. He would have felt safer keeping her at arm's length. She hadn't forgotten how he recoiled from her the evening they escaped Pompeii, when she had asked to look at his back. Only after she had patiently explained the reason three times did he peel off his shirt, and then with tight-lipped reluctance. Neither of them had spoken while she cleaned the ash and dirt from his ripped skin, all fifteen gashes and thirty-seven scars. Milo had not wanted her to know that the night she had seen him flogged in the courtyard was not the first time he had been beaten more savagely than an animal. Sometimes, a flash of guarded skepticism would pass across his face when they stretched out to sleep over the cold earth, with only their cloaks for blankets and the wind screaming outside whatever hollow they found for shelter: How much longer, before you decide this life is not for you? And yet in all fairness, she knew Milo was not the only one holding back. For all the things Cassia wanted to say to him, there were a few she would rather not. She wondered if he could forgive the oblivious girl who for almost nineteen years had never thought to question the games her parents used to build their legacy. She was hesitant to talk about Pompeii, or her family, or the horrible jolt of waking up every morning and remembering why she was not in her bed. Milo understood the pain of losing one's home, but he would never see Pompeii as anything but another city that sold death as entertainment. Deep down, he could not help but feel some measure of justice in its destruction. If we ever cross the sea , she thought, taking a sip of ale and feeling its sourness tingle in her throat as the warmth spread inside her chest. At first she had hoped that following Milo out of Italy would be enough to ease his doubts. Later, she had looked ahead to Britannia. Once the ocean cut them off from the continent, perhaps then he would begin to understand that she had not followed him on a whim of desperation or girlish fancy. But they were a long way from the coast, and there was no guarantee they would find passage once they reached the shore. Meanwhile it would be very easy for him to mistake her reticence for indifference. Milo was a careful man; he would leave her before giving her the chance to hurt him. \"Aren't you hungry?\" Milo asked. The innkeeper had disappeared somewhere beyond the kitchen door, and Milo hadn't moved to slice the bread. It was unlike him to leave food untouched for so long; when they first met he had eaten quickly and furtively, as though convinced someone would attempt to snatch it away. \"Starving,\" she replied, then instantly regretted the choice of words. She had never been properly starving. Even on the most difficult stretches of their journey, they had never gone a day without eating something. If Milo was bothered by her slip, he didn't show it. \"You were watching that man, in the burgundy cloak?\" she asked to change the subject. \"Some. He's been turning to look at the door every couple minutes since we stepped inside,\" Milo said. He frowned as he tore off a hunk of bread, though he made an effort to shrug it off. \"It's probably nothing.\" \"You look troubled,\" he said after a beat. She glanced down and saw that he had slipped a thick slice across the table without her noticing. In the space that followed, she almost answered, No, of course not , but caught the words on her tongue. \"A little,\" she replied. Cassia lowered her mug to the table, knowing it was long past time to end the stalemate between them, but uncertain what waited on the other side. You need to understand I can't promise you anything , Milo had told her the day they passed through Assisium, the last city where she had any living relations. You can , she remembered answering firmly. You can promise you will not push me away. In all the weeks since then, she had never deliberately put him in a position where he would be tempted to break that promise. As calmly as possible, she looked back at him. \"I need to ask your advice on something,\" she began slowly. \"After you saw your home destroyed, how long did it take before the pain began to dull?\" Milo glanced to the side, and she thought she had pushed him too far, but something in his expression softened when he said, \"I'm surprised you waited this long to ask.\" ","Summary":" North of the city of Lugdunum, somewhere in central France The rainclouds had been pelting them for"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Out of Smoke and Fire","Author":"steepedinshadows419","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13204793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: New fandom. New ship. Love this movie. They should not have died. The end. Enjoy! (Side note: I know this premise has prob been written a million times and I'm way late to the party, but I had to write my own version and didn't feel the need to until now. :P) * Many thanks to sendtherain for beta'ing. * I own nothing. No copyright infringement intended. Ash clouds drove hard behind them, barreling down as swiftly as their own heartbeats. Large rocks consumed in fire soared overhead. With every passing moment they prayed to their gods that nothing would touch them, that they would escape unscathed. They'd survived the death of Cassia's parents and friend, the death of Milo's friend, and triumphed over the imminent death of the corrupt Senator Corvus of Rome. To have come through such tragedy with only a small victory and not be long for this world felt too cruel a fate. So, Milo drove Vires faster, as fast as the loyal horse would go. The white animal trusted both of them, would do anything for them, except sacrifice its own life. Cassia hoped it wouldn't come to that. Both covered in dirt, she clung to Milo, staring ahead at the untouched green of the hills before Vesuvius' wrath consumed it. If she willed her horse to go faster, to be just out of reach, just quick enough to save them, would it happen? Milo must surely be urging the horse to do the same. With their urging and Vires' loyalty and their prayers to their gods who had taken them so far, surely this would not be the end for them. Lost in anxious, desperate thought, the shock was sudden and frightening when one of those flaming rocks landed nearly in front of them, startling Vires so horribly that the horse reared up on its hind legs, first sending Cassia to the ground and then Milo. Miraculously, the animal did not run off. The lovers, not far from each other, quickly spotted one another and were reunited. Once in each other's arms, they turned to the approaching fiery cloud. They had lost so much time from the halt, and they were losing still more by watching such horror approach instead of attempting to flee again, instead of trying to live. \"You have to ride him out of here,\" Milo said, breaking Cassia's concentration. Immediately she focused entirely on him. \"No!\" she cried, outraged that he could demand such a sacrifice of her after everything she'd lost. \"He's not fast enough. He can't carry us both. Go!\" \"No, I won't leave you!\" \"We don't have a choice!\" And she was mad then. She would do anything to prove her loyalty, her love for him. In a moment of recklessness, she turned to her precious, beautiful, loyal horse and nearly urged him to go, nearly hit his flank to run as fast and as far as he could while he still had a fighting chance. But at the last moment, she resisted. It would be so romantic, so poignant for her to die in Milo's arms, nothing tearing them apart any longer. But she wanted to live, and Milo did too. Of course he did. They couldn't delay. They still had time. If they tried, they might make it. No one would be able to tell her they hadn't tried. And on their death, should they die, perhaps the gods would grant them mercy and bless them in the afterlife. \"We do have a choice!\" she insisted, gripping his arms tightly. \"We had a scare, but we have to try again. Before the fire comes and consumes us all, please!\" He couldn't refuse her. He was certain they would not make it much farther than they had. He'd wanted to save her, but even the time for that had come and gone with their stalling with conversation. But he loved her. He loved her so much already. If her desire was to die with him, to abandon all hope of living to be with him, and to try to save them both still, he would do as she said. \"Okay.\" He nodded. \"Okay.\" He got onto the horse and then pulled her up behind him. With an eager squeeze around the horse's belly, he drove the animal forward. The clouds of ash and fire were so close now, the streams of liquid heat practically upon them, but still Milo drove Vires faster. It felt like forever and no time at all as they traveled into the hills, always just short of death, just short of the clouds that would burn them to a crisp, that would kill them within seconds. They could hear the vengeance of the mountain behind them, hear how much it wanted to cover them in its spewing hate. Several more blazing rocks landed around them, but with none of them as close as the first, Vires did not react as he had before. He drove onward, faster than he'd ever gone, and Milo egged him on faster. When they were past the wrath of the mountain, when they could breathe fresh air again – or until they could breathe no longer – then he would ease up. Then the beautiful Vires could be at rest. There was a time, almost near the end, when the smoke got very close, when it nearly circled around them, and Cassia truly thought this was it. Death would be soon to follow. She'd been a fool to think otherwise. Maybe she should have let Vires run off when he'd tossed both her and Milo to the ground. Maybe she should have taken the time to say her goodbyes to the man she'd fallen for so quickly, because he'd done more for her than anyone else, was more decent than any man except perhaps her father. Maybe they would have shared a kiss. And was there a more perfect way to go than with a kiss from the one you loved? She shut her eyes, lay her head on Milo's back, and wrapped her arms tighter around him, waiting for the end, for the fires and smoke and ash to impale them, make them nothing, dispose of their bodies and souls because they were not worth saving. But time enough later, Cassia could still feel her body tense on Vires and on Milo. She could feel her racing heart, hear it in her ears. She could feel the ash sticking to every inch of uncovered skin. And moments later, though her horse had not slowed, she could tell a distinct difference in the air around them. It was easier to breathe . \"Milo?\" she tried, though she knew it was unlikely he'd turn around to see if something was the matter. \"I smell it too,\" he said, not letting on more than that. \"A little further.\" She could hear hope in his voice, and relief flooded through her. She didn't dare loosen her grip to turn around and see if the smokes of ash and fire were dissipating. She couldn't risk all their lives by falling off Vires again at the speed he was going. So, she shut her eyes, clung even tighter to Milo as she rested her head again on his back, and dreamt of the glorious city of Pompeii that had been her home and safety for as long as she'd been alive. The shift in Vires' speed made her eyes flash open. She loosened her grip some then and turned to look behind her. The wrath of the mountain had not stopped, but it had slowed, and its direction had turned away from them. Cassia's heart sped up, daring to wonder if this was real. \"We-\" \"The gods have spared us,\" Milo said. He glanced over his shoulder at her, a hint of a smile in his eyes and on the corner of his lips. \"Let us not waste this chance they've given to us.\" Cassia could not restrain her own smile, but she lay her head back down, and Milo focused again wholeheartedly on driving Vires. Though not as hard he had before. Within an hour, Vires had slowed to a walk and then come to a stop entirely. When Cassia looked around them, she saw a blue sky and a lush countryside. And in the distance, she saw the faint outline of a small town. \"Milo, look!\" He followed her gaze after they'd set their feet on the ground and then wrapped his arm around her. \"Will we be free there, do you think?\" \"I am a wealthy merchant's daughter, and you are the man that saved me,\" she said lightly, then looked up at him, softening. \"But all I care about is that we are together.\" He gazed into her eyes, even forgetting for a moment that they had survived a huge catastrophe. She was beautiful and strong and had chosen him in so many ways. Maybe she would in one more? He dragged a dirty thumb lightly across her cheek, rested it along her jaw, and lowered his lips to kiss her. She melted into him and kissed him back, a hitched breath of happy tears falling past her lips. \"For as long as you'll have me, I'll be with you, and I will protect you.\" She smiled against his face and nodded. Then she pulled her arms in to feel more of his warmth, and he wrapped both arms around her. They looked into the distance to that little village and the coast in the further direction and knew no fear. If they had been spared the wrath of the mountain, not a soul on earth could part them from each other. \"Let's go,\" he finally said, and they climbed once more onto the horse's back. Loosely, Cassia wrapped her arms around him and thanked the gods for their mercy, praying that whatever lie ahead, it would not threaten their lives as fiercely as this had. That someplace in this world there would be a place for she and Milo together. When they were nearly upon the village, Cassia heard Milo say her name, and she lifted her head to see what had caught his attention. People were emerging forth with blankets, food, and drink. Cassia's breath caught in her throat. \"We are saved.\" Milo squeezed her hand, still wrapped around him. \"You have saved us.\" ","Summary":" A/N: New fandom. New ship. Love this movie. They should not have died. The end. Enjoy! (Side note: "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"2,000 years","Author":"stilljustme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10194554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The lyrics are from Missy Higgins' \"They weren't there\". I heard this song sung by a girl from our music class… and at least for me, it fit perfectly to Cassia. So there are gods after all. I know it. I know my gods are real, and Milo's as well, and they fight for their believers, because when I woke up, I was alone. Alone in a place so similar to the one I'd just been in that for a moment I could imagine it had all been dream, and that I could wake up now. The mountain calm, my city excited with life. My parents standing next to me, keeping me safe like… like they hadn't when I returned home for the last time. It was then that I realized, maybe for the first time, that it was neither the Vesuvius nor Milo that had my world crashed. It had already begun before the mountain roared, and no gladiator would have been able to save me… if there had been any salvation in this life. You breathed infinity into my world And time was lost up in a cloud and in a whirl. I searched for Milo, maybe days, maybe years in the grey twilight that, like me, didn't belong to the world above. Was it the ashes of the dead who hadn't found their body's shape again? Was it him all around me? But why should I have been blessed to find myself again in Hades' realm, and Milo sentenced to keep whirling around? In a world that didn't exist anymore. In my heart that had stopped beating. We dug a hole in the cool grey earth and lay there for the night. Then you said, \"wait for me we'll fly the wind, I know he died because he breathed his soul into me, and mine, too weak to pass through my burnt tongue and lips, embraced it. This was not what either of us had planned before, not what our fate should have been, and though centuries have passed I sometimes keep myself asking if Corvus could have saved me. If the future I was so afraid of would have been better than having no future at all… if I would ever have found in another man what I found in Milo without even looking for it. Safety. Freedom. The knowledge that my words would be heard and considered. Love, not eternal probably, but now, and what did we have but one moment? Life. Death. Together. We'll grow old and you'll be stronger without him\" but oh, Now my world is at your feet. Where is our growing old? I am not sure if we would have lasted as long as my grandparents did, dying in the same night with their hair grown white and their bodies so frail that it wasn't a fight anymore. I am not sure if we could have had the strength to rebuild Pompeii, but why didn't the gods let us try? I lost my home the moment Corvus' shadows reached for it, taking my city before he could take me. Often I've asked if he could have saved my life, and every time but once the answer has been no. Years went by and I was alone, decades till I found my parents again in the world of death. Centuries to see Aridane again, who gave and lost her life for me. And not a sign, though I've been looking for it everywhere, and will not cease to do it, of Milo. I was lost and I was found, I followed him into death because I wanted to be with him. I do not regret a moment of our time, in face of death and pain and loneliness, I do not regret anything. Before the mountain flooded my body with fire, desperation had my heart flooded and drowning. To save my city my parents had been ready so sell me. To save them I agreed to be sold. Milo saved me from the future I was dreading, and how could I be anything than thankful for this? But I was alive and now I've drowned. A thousand years have gone by, and another thousand almost… years whirling through the darkness like the ashes of our brothers and sisters in our hair, before we joined them, mingled with them… together. So now I will be waiting for the world to hear my song So they can tell me I was wrong... Two thousand years almost and still I hear the people asking for my fate, for the fate of my city, I hear them wondering how we lived and died, I hear them lamenting me for the cruel death I suffered, for the lives our children could have lived, for all the power and wealth of Pompeii buried so sudden. Sometimes I hear them telling my story, and wondering how a girl like me could have fallen for a gladiator. How a girl from their own society could find love and peace with a poor man… how it can be more desirable to die together than live alone. I do live alone now, most of the times, I am still searching for the one soul that could have made me whole. Maybe. Who knows? They don't, but they keep judging me, by the fact that I, in my rich clothes, lie so close to a warrior beneath our blanket of ashes. Sometimes they wonder if I was just a victim, and Milo a fool who used his last moments on earth trying to rape me. But they weren't there beneath your stare, And they weren't stripped 'till they were bare of Any bindings from the world outside that room. And they weren't taken by the hand And led through fields of naked land Where any pre-conceived ideas were blown away... So I couldn't say \"no\". I wish I could tell them my truth, how I lost everything I had thought to know and love, how my life was turned before I knew it would end. How a man who hated me as a part of the Roman Empire came to love me for who I was, and with that gave me back to myself. How I wanted to live with Milo, how I wanted to run and was determined not to give up… how it were only seconds to decide, and how I clung to the person who gave me peace and security when fear and death was all around me. I want them to know that at first I was running, like they would, trying to survive. I want them to know I didn't lay down and die because I was too weak, or too consumed with fear. I want them to know that in that last moment I chose my fate, and I chose my death, and it was my decision alone. I died as a citizen of Pompeii, and I died as a woman being loved, and loving, and in that moment there was nothing else I could have wished for. He gave me back my life, and though it didn't last for long, it was mine. Mine to live, mine to give back and go aflame. If I had the chance to go back… I couldn't say \"no\" to any of it. My life, my death. Milo. I wouldn't say no. ","Summary":" The lyrics are from Missy Higgins' \"They weren't there\". I heard this song sung by a girl from ou"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"The Last Day","Author":"doggywoods","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10634862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Last Day Just like that, just as all this started, its over. I couldn't feel anything but the burning ash that was falling. I was blinded and I could not even take a step. I just looked in to the darkness wondering, what happened. How this came to be and how I would die. It was a beautiful day in the roman empire. The cobblestone streets were full of people going around, and the smell of fresh bead filled the air. I was the son of my father, the head of the soldiers of the little town, Pompeii. I did really like this place, it was fresh and was right next to the water and my dog was always by my side. She had a sleek white coat with black paws, and a very cute black nose. I had her since she was a pup and was always there since dad had to go to work every day. We were walking along as we felt the ground shaking. It did not take long as it stopped again. I just looked at the dog, but she did not even seem to notice it. That makes sense I thought, we usually get those shakes often and if the dog did not care then there was no problem, not knowing that would just be the start. As I walked along I saw all the regular shop keepers and the bath houses. Just after we passed the bath house the dog started to bark happily. \"Whats wrong Vesta? Someone you know?\" I said happily to Vesta, for I knew that she only barked in the streets if my friend was coming, Flora. I could see her walking through the crowd. She had looked so cute with her hair down she was the same age as me and we were supposed to get married because of her mom. I did like her and she made me feel special, and like usually she was wearing the white robe. \"Hey there you are! I Have been looking for you all morning!\" Flora called as she ran towards us. \"And how are you doing Vesta?\" As Vesta jumped on her and started to licking her face. She laugh as she got back on her feet and stared at me. \"So what is going on, Kain?\" \"Just doing my morning walk before I have to go to school.\" I said, I starting to feel sad and realizing I should of not said that. I forgot that she does not go to school since she is a girl even through her dream is to be a writer. \" Sorry, I did not mean anything by that.\" I looked into her sadden brown eyes, for I knew that she wanted to come. \"Well see you later tonight\" I said softly. Flora closed her eyes and started walking off. \"Hey, Flora! Hang on a second!\" I yelled as a ran after her with Vesta giving a small bark. She turned and stared at me curiously. \"Hi, umm, I could teach you to write if you want.\" I said really low so no one could hear us. She just stared at me in amazement that I said that since I could get killed if I did do that. She slowly nodded and smiled at the idea. \"So later tonight?\" I asked. She just laugh and waved off while she ran off again. I just stared wondering where that came from I figure she did not know what to say, just that she was happy. School was at the far end of town, pass the old olive tree. It was only a small building with only boys. My dad wants me to be a soldier like him but I not old enough to join, just two more years I got to the school, and my teacher was there, Apollo. He was holding two scrolls, which I figured would be the day lesson plan and the practice scroll for my writing. I sat down at the table and waiting until Apollo came over. \"So how is my pupil today?\" \"I am doing well sir, but did you find the shaking this morning worst than usual?\" I looked up at him as he gave me my scroll. He looked around to see if anyone was around. \"I do see your concern about the situation but it is probability nothing to be worried about. So lets continue the lesson. Today we were be studying the art and history of warfare.\" He took out some more scrolls and we did our lesson. It was about mid-day when we finally finished. The fresh blue sky and the rolling wind made it seem so peaceful. I could feel something going at my leg. \"Hey girl, who is the pretty and best dog in the world?\" I said as I bent down to pet the dog. She took her paws and put them to my chest as she tried to lick my face. \"Down girl, down we got to get home to teach Flora.\" I pushed her off and started petting her belly, before we started to head back. Flora just wagging her tail walking along. \"Hey whats going on!\" I yelled as I tryed to get my balance. But it was to late and I start to roll down the hill. Flora chase after me, barking all the way down. I could hear foot steps coming from the top. \"You ok, down there kain?\"I looked up to see Apollo calling from the top. He did seem concerned but was laugh to hard to take him seriously. I yelled back saying that I was ok, got to my feet and continued walking back to Flora's house. I did feel embarrassed but that was normal. We finally got to about half way across town and came to her house, really basic but still big compared to other places, the white walls seem to drag me in as I knocked on the door. \"Coming!\" Yelled Flora as I heard her running through the house. She opened the door and gave me a huge hug. I stared at her oddly, I had never been hugged by anyone but my mom before she died. She quickly let go of me and told her mom that she was going out and we left for a secret hide out. Which was across the town again. When we got there we went into our corner and i got out my scrolls and I started to teach her. I could see the smile and the joy going across her face, such radiance. I tried teaching her words and basic writing. Unfortunately our lesson was cut short by another shake this one was the worst that I could remember I saw some building collapsed and blocks falling on people, I could hear the screams of children and thundering feet. Flora and I had fallen to the floor and Vesta was braking wildly. All the scrolls scattered and we heard someone yelling, \"whats going on over there?\" I looked right at her eyes and she just stared with a scared written all over her face. I told her to ran, I started to get the scrolls and got her to get out of there. She started to ran but one of the soldiers got her and one of the scrolls. They stared at her and came to a conclusion that she was learning how to read and writing. They took her and left me there while saying good job in catching her before I could say anything. I knew where she went to one of the holding areas in the count, and I had to get her up. I started to look for a way to free her, like talking to my dad, but there was no time I had to make sure that she was ok and not be killed. I gathered up a plan to save her. I had gotten out side and all I could see that little black dots falling from the sky. I had never seen these but have never thought that it would take my life. I looked at the hill were everyone was looking at all you could see is the think black stuff coming off it. I ran the the count house to save her when I got there I saw her on the ground. I ran to see if she was alright. All I could she was the slash on her back and a trail of red. \"Flora? Flora!\" I yelled trying to make her respond. Her body was cold and had a little layer of black on her body. I could feel a tear going down my eyes, as I watched her body. Her mouth full of black things. I could see Vesta barking out side. I ran out trying not to think about it. I followed Vesta to the huge hill and could fell another shake as I almost fell off while trying to climb the hill. I could only see the black. \"YELP!\" I could hear Vesta going farther away downward. \"VESTA!\" I yelled as I cough afterwards. I heard a large thud and a few rock fell off and seem to land where she was. I was alone. I got to the top of the hill near the edge trying to get my breath. Nothing. Back to where I was, having nothing. I tried to think straight but I could no longer move and trying to see what happen. So I guess that is it the worst day of my life. My dad is probably trying to get people back and the black is getting higher. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. It was my turn and just before I left I could feel the hot liquid the surround my body as I spent my last second, I thought I love you. ","Summary":" The Last Day Just like that, just as all this started, its over. I couldn't feel anything but the b"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Forever In Love","Author":"alexis-elizabeth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10143370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They were sealed inside lava and ash. Their lips locked in a forever kiss, their love will last forever. Both heroic, they almost made it. But, memorably they stood and decided to face it together. Their love will always prevail. They were together and that was all that mattered. They stand a little out of Pompeii as a statue forever together. And that's how it should be, there're together. And while it may be sad to you, or really stupid, it was the right thing for them. They love each other, and are now with each other forever. It may be poetically tragic, or adventurous, but it doesn't matter what you or anyone else thinks. They now live in harmony, in love, together ( did I mention that ), and without anyone in their way, and that's how it should be. ","Summary":" They were sealed inside lava and ash. Their lips locked in a forever kiss, their love will last for"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Ashes to Ashes","Author":"stilljustme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10178619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is dedicated to musicangel100 - thanks, and I hope you like it. They wouldn't make it. Virtus was a good horse, at least for Roman means, but the fame of Rome was not enough. Now that they would need the allegedly god-given strength and power to escape, the realm showed its weakness. \"I'm not a Roman\", he heard Cassia insist angrily in his memory, \"I'm a citizen of Pompeii.\" Milo reached for her hands crossed around his waist and for a moment entwined his fingers with hers. Cassia moved closer to him, burying her cheek in his back. He just hoped she would look into the open land before her, and not back to the desolation and hell that once had been her home. Milo knew what such a sight could do to somebody – he knew now what it had done to him, what it had made out of him. They wouldn't make it. And if it wasn't for the past three days, Milo probably wouldn't have cared. There had been nothing to live for, except to be a thorn in Rome's flesh. Pompeii. It seemed this city was determined to withstand Rome, too, even at the cost of its life. Milo bowed forward to take a bit of the weight away. Virtus wasn't a warrior, he couldn't fight even for his own life, left alone for his riders. How long till he would simply lay down and die? His parents hadn't. And Cassia's mother neither, or Aridane. They had done what they could to protect Cassia from death, from Rome, from Corvus… Corvus. He too had been there, once again threatening all Milo cared for. And now Corvus would die too, or already was dead. It all would end here. They wouldn't make it. And if it wasn't for the woman behind him, Milo realized he would – finally – have no regrets about his life. A hole opened up in the ground, and Milo felt Cassia slipping away, her arms opening up so she wouldn't yank him to the ground with her. He jumped off instantly, rolling her away from the panicking horse. \"Are you okay?\" For a moment, Cassia didn't answer, and as he followed her glance Milo understood why. It was too late. The smoke had become so thick in what once had been the city that they couldn't see the volcano anymore, or the sun. If there was sun, at all. If it wasn't the end of the world. \"Why?\" Cassia whispered again, her voice – as his – hoarse from smoke and heat. \"Why do they…\" Her voice trailed off as she turned around to look at him, and the hopelessness in her eyes choked him. She had lost her home, her family, and her faith in the gods. And there was nowhere to escape anymore. As he gently caressed her face Milo couldn't stop asking himself if she would have survived with Corvus. If she never had stood up for him and Atticus, if he hadn't chased his parents' killer through the streets… would there have been any chance for Cassia to live? \"You've gotta go!\" The intensity of his voice surprised himself. \"He's too slow with the two of us, you've gotta go alone, now!\" Milo reached for Cassia's hands, helping her up without looking into her eyes. What if she could have survived without him? What if he had, with every action meant to save her life, only doomed her more? Casssia shivered. \"What are you talking about?\" Milo had already grabbed Virtus' reins. \"Go. This is… it's our only chance.\" Her only chance to survive, little as it was. And his only chance to do something good in his life. \"Go now! Please!\" Cassia shook her head. Stray tears rolled down her face but her eyes were burning with a fire that was as blazing and strong as the Vesuvius. \"There is nowhere to go\" she said calmly, and before he could hinder it, she slapped the tired horse on the croup and sent him running. To where, though? Milo stared at the disappearing horse, trying to remember its path. They had to run over there, and… Cassia held his arm as he wanted to run. He turned around in desperation. \"We've got to…\" \"It was kind from you when you killed that horse\" she said ardently, her eyes burning right through his and into his heart. \"You saved it from a far more painful death, or even worse… a crippled life. That's enough. Also for me.\" Milo stared at her. Something was lumping in his throat, something bigger than smoke, but his eyes were too burnt and dry to have any tears left. \"Cassia…\" She moved closer, wrapping her arms around him. \"It's enough for me. I just…\" She pulled back for a second, hesitating. \"I want to be with you in this moment.\" It took him a second to realize that she was asking him for permission to die. Stop fighting, stop running. Stand in the fire undefeated by men, doomed but together… Milo bowed down to rest his forehead on hers. It was not the worst way to die. Cassia looked up. \"Milo? Please! Let's…\" Had Atticus made it out? If not, had he at least felt free when he died? Was the whole world ending or just theirs? Where there any gods, and were they fighting for their priests? And if so, would he see Cassia again once this moment passed, once this life was over? The volcano roared, the air started boiling. His tongue turned from a dry fish to a piece of wood in a heartbeat. Cassia gasped, and he pulled her even closer, not wanting to leave an inch of her left alone now. He heard her sob drily at his chest. Gently, Milo pulled up her chin, imagining it would be her fire to burn him. \"I love you.\" Her lips tasted like the ash they would soon become, but he refused to let the kiss end before them. ","Summary":" This story is dedicated to musicangel100 - thanks, and I hope you like it. They wouldn't make it. V"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Freedom in death","Author":"Ihni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10328923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a little something in Atticus' POV. Disclaimer: I own nothing relevant. I just like to rhyme, occationally. I am Barbarian, I am a slave I have been traded and sold I've been imprisoned and told to behave I've won them silver and gold After a lifetime in shackles and chained Fighting each day to survive They said that one fight was all that remained - That I would get out alive It was my justice, it was my prize Wage for a life unafraid But what they promised - nothing but lies I was deceived and betrayed A chance at revenge, the last chance I'll get And mark my words; it will be sweet I suffer a wound while settling my debt But this man will die at my feet I won't surrender, I won't be ignored Even when brought to my knees I kill my enemy with his own sword Weakling - his last word is \"please\" I am defeated, I'm dying alone And the arena is bare But I am free, and I'll die as my own Freedom like this one is rare Then I see fire, destruction and death \"For those of us who will die -\" I'm standing tall; with my dying breath \"- We salute you!\" I cry ","Summary":" Just a little something in Atticus' POV. Disclaimer: I own nothing relevant. I just like to rhyme, "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"What remains through the winds","Author":"stilljustme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10500497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The song for this story is \"In her eyes\" by Josh Groban. So there are gods after all. I doubted their existence, but they are real, and they are cruel. At least mine. I hope Cassia's gods are less thirsty for blood and death and the sound of men crying in pain, but I do not dare to ask. There are no answers down here. We are only shadows, thin air spread through a world of cold, black and red blurs in a howling wind. Some nights I hear horses whining, and see them galloping at the horizon. Saved souls, the wind calls them, thin air like I am, with the voices of my parents. Saved souls. I guess I won't have to look for Virtus, then. A horse that abandons its rider… I would have killed him if it wasn't so useless. He could have saved her. Cassia. I haven't heard her voice in the wind, through the ages that might have passed since the world burnt… time has no meaning here and neither do our lives, our memories… we were born in blood and screams and pain, and in blood and screams and pain we end, and in darkness. This is what I am, and what I was. For a long time. She stares through my shadow She sees something more Believes there's a light in me She is sure I can't understand what she saw in me. Sometimes I think she was only misguided, blinded by the need to find something good in the world. In me. My people knew, and every gladiator knows, too, that death is mercy where life is torture, but I would never have expected a Roman to see that, left alone a woman. Then of course, as she was so insistent to remind me, even when nobody was left to care, she was not a Roman. She was a daughter of Pompeii. A free woman, I guess, is what she claimed to be. Free of Corvus and the life he wanted for her. At least this we could give her, Atticus and Ariadne and me. Freedom to die. I keep listening through the winds, searching for her voice, and sometimes I am sure I hear her, chiding me about her city, her life, my life, our death… I know it is only a memory, a last echo of my life sounding through death, clear and confident. I always thought it would be blades clashing, or maybe Corvus' laughter, for that was what most of my dreams consisted of. That was what brought me through the agony the Romans call delight, what made me become the warrior my father would have followed. It was Cassia, though, whose voice I kept closest to my heart, closer than my own voice, my face, my story… it is her who made me become a man my father would have been proud of. Killing is easy, I would not have needed an arena to know that. But living… living was something I wasn't up to until I met Cassia. And her truth makes me stronger Does she realize I awake every morning With her strength by my side She gave me a reason to live another day, a reason to want living another day. Never since Corvus had my family slaughtered had I questioned what I was, or what my destiny was. It was her who made me see there could be more to life. Not love, not wealth, not like Cassia had it and dreamt of it for us, but… a life of my own. She was so sure to look at a person when she looked at me, not just a slave, a trained fighting animal, but… a man. I never thought I could be an ordinary man, but she did. And whatever else she believed to have found in me, she kept seeing it even when the sky darkened and collapsed and our world was shattered to burning pieces. She saw and made me a man. I am not a hero I am not an angel I am just a man How could I not love her for what she did to me? I know there was nothing but death waiting for me. Of course, death is the destiny of all of us. Maybe even for Cassia's gods. She cried for them but they didn't answer, and I felt her faith crumble and fall as I held her close, leaving her lonelier than I, in all my times of fighting, had ever been. My Cassia. I had been a monster, and she made a man out of me. Man who's trying to love her Unlike any other I would have given everything that remained from our world to save her, but there was only so little I could give. My life. Moments of freedom and hope, and of all the love I had in me. In her eyes I am What is love but the safety of knowing that your life has not been in vain? When Virtus gave up I knew I was saved, doomed as I was. I had learnt, with Cassia's help, to worship my parent's sacrifice, my life that had been spared. I would not lose it for Corvus' or any other man's pleasure but I would give it as a thanks to the woman who filled it with light. In her eyes I see the sky and all I'll ever need In her eyes time passes by and she is with me I made my decision, and Cassia made hers. She chose to die with me. I do not, will not blame her for letting go of the life I had only so recently learnt to love again. Who could say if she would have survived on her own? Who can say if our world still exists? We are only shadows, thin air spread through a world of cold, black and red blurs in a howling wind. It is only by the new voices creeping through the mist that I can tell there are still people dying, so there have to be people still living somewhere. If we had lived, would we have been together? Would Cassia have healed me enough to live a life in peace, and would I be strong enough to be the man she needed me to be? I am not a hero I am not an angel Sometimes when the darkness gets too cold, I'm afraid she chose to die because we'll never know. Where there is no chance of answering, questions lose their meaning. I forgot to ask life for luck and beauty when I was beaten bloody by other prisoners. Cassia made me ask again, for another dawn, another breeze of fresh air, another moment to look at her. I am just a man Man who's trying to love her Unlike any other In her eyes I am I am a shadow now, but it is the shadow of a man. A man who died in freedom, and not in fear but in love, and the feeling of mercy, because I had fulfilled my promise. I had saved Cassia, as she had saved me, long enough for each of us to make our own decisions. We both died the happiest we would ever be, free and in love and not in need to ask questions anymore. I was enough, in the end, enough to live a life of my own. Enough for Cassia. In her eyes I am ","Summary":" The song for this story is \"In her eyes\" by Josh Groban. So there are gods after all. I doubted t"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"The Lovers Of Pompeii","Author":"LadyLoki26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10334789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Death would imminent. There would be no denying it. Death was coming to all that stood in its path and it would sweep its flamed hand over every boy ,man, woman and child, Slaves and noble daughters. There was no out running their fates no matter how hard they tried to convince themselves that they would make it out. After everything that he had endured, spending his adult life as a slave, fighting for his life across the world in dusty sandy arena's as a trained gladiator for the nobles entertainment, this was where his life was about to end. In Pompeii, victims of the great mount Vesuvius and its fiery wrath. Every day he had to fight for his life. Every waking moment he treated like it was his last day on the earth. He knew not of the taste of freedom. Such a heart filled with turmoil and revenge. He was a warrior. A gladiator. he knew not the taste of peace. But in his last moments now as the cloud of fiery fury burned its way towards them, With her in his arms. Shaking from fear and exhaustion he saw in her eyes her bravery. She was a petite nobles daughter. A fragile being. But even now as he looked into her eyes and she looked into his did she not break. For she was strong. And that's what he loved about her. He had never told her that he loved her. There had been no time. So many battles and so much war and so much bloodshed had erupted once the mountain Vesuvius opened its fiery mouth and spat out the lava that would destruct the once home of Pompeii. Death had occurred so soon and along with it it brought pain and grief but above all it brought madness. But even though she knew her fate was sealed she refused to be driven mad by the sight that was unfolding before them now. Such bravery, Such a strong heart. The wounds that had Been inflicted upon them as they ran for their lives through the destructing streets of Pompeii bled and wept. They had made it out to the south hills and out of the ruins of the city but they were not free, Fire moved ever faster towards them as they stood unmoving from the spot. They had made it out of the city on horseback but the horse grew afraid and reared throwing them from its back onto the grass. He had clambered up and told her that she must ride to her freedom. The horse could not carry the weight of two. But she refused and stood firm as she told him that she would not leave him and chased the horse away in her defiance. After all they had been through she would not leave him to face his end alone. And that's when he had pulled her to him. His strong arms encircling her in a tight embrace. She was breathing quick. Her fear was strong. She turned her eyes to rage of the mountain. A gigantic black cloud encased The fire inside. It neared and neared. Her eyes Widened in fear and he saw as she gasped. Instantly his hand rose to her face and turned her face towards him. \"Look at me\" he told her as the fire came raging. They could feel the heat. But she looked at him Into his eyes as he said \"just me\" he knew it was coming. Knew it was the end and so before the fire consumed them he kissed her with every fibre of his soul still trying to protect her and make her safe even as they were engulfed in smoke and fire. The great tragedy of Pompeii will always be remembered and with it the two ashen corpses entwined in a lovers embrace will remain even to this day. A hero and his lover. The lovers of Pompeii.. ","Summary":" Death would imminent. There would be no denying it. Death was coming to all that stood in its path "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Pompeii","Author":"XxAngelOscuroxX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10150360","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pompeii I knew what would happen on August 24, 79 C.E. The only thing I would do is watch the longest survivors' world become preserved under ash and come to take them away. The all I had to be was patient but while I wait I will go elsewhere, some place I am needed but I will return to Pompeii. As I arrive back to Pompeii, Mount Vesuvius was in the process of exploding already. \" What is happening to the mountain?\" questioned a woman. \" I am sure it will fade away,\" replied her companion. Little did they know it would not. Soon the whole sky is blanketed in darkness, not the clear darkness of night but, a murky darkness. All of the people have hidden themselves away but their little houses would not hide them for what is to come. None of them notice me for I am unnoticeable for most who roam the earth. The mountain shakes the ground and I could hear all of the people scurrying to the safest place in their homes. I see many people running to the exit of the village but they are too late. A cloud of dust and murky darkness engulf the village of Pompeii. By time it is over the city of Pompeii is dead silent. The once proud city of Pompeii is completely preserved under the ash. I was here all along and it is time for me to bring the people with me, I am Death its self. ~ Told by Death A/N Okay I'm back and my friends thought I should post this. It was a project I had to do for school. Please R&R; ","Summary":" Pompeii I knew what would happen on August 24, 79 C.E. The only thing I would do is watch the longe"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Planet 515","Author":"Mr Nelg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5589362","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PLANET 51.5 By Mr Nelg AN: Hi one and all. After I saw Planet 51 at the movies, my friend asked me how I could sum it up in two words. The only two words that came to mind were \"Wasted Potential.\" I was looking forward to this movie coming out, and as I watched it, the things that made it so appealing to me, one by one dribbled away. The supporting characters to Lem and Chuck were all one dimensional, sometimes irritating, and usually had little or no reason to be where they showed up. The plot seemed to Snooker-Loop into uninteresting angles, and the majority of the jokes were all aimed at those below the age of 12. It wasn't as though it was a bad movie. There were parts I enjoyed, and there were moments where you could see it was trying to be a great movie; but for every right moment, it unbalanced its self with three ridicules moments. I wanted to like Planet 51; honestly, I did. But it just wouldn't let me. So I decided to write my version of it, to satisfy my disappointment and frustration. So, enjoy. Please, tell me what you think. Constructive criticism wanted. THE NEAR FUTURE... Far in the outer reaches of the system, out where the sun was just another star, a frozen rock of a planetoid drifted on an orbit measured in centuries. Kirelog was the outermost marker of the solar system. A ball of rock, dust and ice deposits only a couple of hundred klicks in diameter. Probes had done flybys. One had landed, but there was nothing there anyone wanted. The lone probe squatted on what passed for an equator. Day and night were almost indistinguishable, but the probe still registered the transition as the diffuse terminator crawled over it. Thermometers plummeted from godawful to improbable levels. A patina of frost glimmered on metal surfaces: the frozen vapour kicked up by its landing that'd resettled and frozen. A glassy lens stared at the heavens filled with more stars than any planetside would ever behold. When the faint flares of light fell across the probe's sensors, they were barely strong enough to register. The machine - slightly less intelligent than an insect - dutifully stored the information to broadcast homeward the next time the snowball rotated far enough for the dish to align. That would be in two days. TWO DAYS LATER... \"Well,\" Professor Oglos said as he laced all six of his fingers together. \"Your work here has been impressive, Mr Korplog, and I have seen your dedication to looking after the planetarium,\" he then sighed, \"but...\" \"But?\" Lem asked. \"I still don't like it.\" He levelled a long hard look at Lem. \"I never liked it when you requested to serve out your community service here, and I bit my tongue through your service. I will confess, I was glad when you had served your time, but when I heard you wanted to continue working here-\" \"I know, I know,\" Lem interrupted, \"But working here has opened my eyes, Professor Oglos!\" Lem was careful to avoid calling the professor, 'Prof' as he'd done during his time here. He knew that the professor hated it; he considered slang, a butcher of language and a sign of laziness. \"Before I came here, I didn't know what I wanted to do with my life, but after working here, it's opened my eyes! For the first time in my life, I've found something that I truly love-\" \"Astronomy,\" The professor finished with an irritated sigh. \"I know, you've spouted that same line over and over again for the past week, like a broken record. I don't need to hear it again.\" Lem nodded. He didn't want to blow this. Not now. \"Honestly Lem, if it were up to me, you'd be out the door by now, but I have no choice.\" He leaned back into his chair to show the young man he was serious. \"I'm short handed as it is already, and not very many people want to show an interest in the planetarium. Having some young blood could add new life into this place.\" His face then melted into a scowl. \"Also I've been forced to say yes by your parole board.\" Lem tried unsuccessfully to hide his glee. Professor Oglos pointed an accusing finger at him. \"You may have convinced them, Mr Korplog, but not me!\" He warned. \"This is your only warning. If you screw up even once...\" He let his voice trail off to add to the effect. \"I understand, Professor,\" Lem said quietly. \"But I've worked too hard to screw this up. I'm a changed man!\" \"I don't believe you,\" Oglos snarled. \"Now, pick up your keys from the front desk and show up back here tomorrow at six am sharp, understand!?\" \"Yessir!\" Lem snapped, as he quickly got up out of the chair and just as quickly left the managers office. As the door closed behind him, Lem jumped into the air with sheer joy. He got the job. It was his. He grabbed his keys and rushed out the front door where a large debilitated, and a brightly coloured van was parked. Leaning against the side of the piece of junk and strumming his guitar was Lem's best friend of four years, Glar. Glar had grown his tentacles much longer than anyone else Lem knew, and his dress and mannerisms went over a lot of people's heads. The two of them had been social outcasts, which is why they had ended up as best friends. \"Well, dude!\" Glar asked without looking up from his guitar. \"He said yes!\" Lem gave him the double thumbs up. \"Whoa, righteous man!\" Glar cried out as the two gave each other a high four. \"I swear, Glar,\" Lem said as he climbed into the passenger's side, \"I'll never understand your slang.\" \"It's the way of the future, man,\" Glar slurred as he climbed into the driver's seat. \"Trust me, five years from now, it'll be the next big thing!\" He turned the key, but the van only chugged. Glar glared at the dashboard through his long tentacles before lifting his leg and landing a mighty blow against the control panel. He tried the key, and this time, the engine turned. \"How's the new album coming along?\" Lem asked. \"Great, man, great!\" Glar said as he popped the van into reverse. \"I've got a few label companies interested.\" The van stalled slightly, before accepting Glar's plea to go into first. \"Still nothing?\" Lem asked. Glar didn't respond. \"Hey, I need you to stop by the library. On the way home, I have to pick up my little brother.\" \"The Eck-Man?\" Glar asked. \"Dude, he told me he was going to the cinema's.\" \"He did what!?\" Lem cried out. He then slapped his face in frustration. \"Arrggh, he went to see that damn movie. By the Great Rings, if mom finds out, she'll kill me!\" \"Next stop, the movies!\" Glar cried out, as he took the corner rather dangerously. Eckle Kroplog was still munching on his popcorn as he exited the cinema's when Glar's van came to a screeching halt on the curb. He looked up, along with everyone else, and swallowed the nervous lump in his throat as he saw a somewhat agitated Lem climb out of the side door. \"N-now, before you say anything,\" Eckle stammered as Lem marched towards him, \"This is not what it looks like!\" \"You're supposed to be in the library, studying for your final exams!\" Lem said calmly. \"Not sneaking off to see Space Monsters from Where Ever!\" \"What?\" Eckle asked, eyeing off Lem with suspicion. \"It's not like you haven't done this before.\" He then folded his arms. \"And it's not Space Monsters from Where Ever, it's Humaniacs 2: Judgement Day!\" \"Eckle, don't change the subject!\" Lem snaped, before sighing. \"Besides, what I did in the past is no excuse for what you to do in the present.\" \"How long are you going to keep saying that?\" Eckle asked. \"Eckle, listen to me,\" Lem said, taking his brother by the shoulders. \"Don't go down the path I did. You've got your whole future ahead of you. Me; it's taken a long time to get back from where I started.\" Almost as if on cue, there was the sound of breaks pulled. \"Hello Lem,\" Sheriff Grug called out of his mike. Lem sighed, as he turned to face the sheriff of Glipforg, a long time acquittance. \"Hello Sheriff,\" Lem greeted with a smile. He had no reason to fear the man now. \"I got the job; Professor Oglos said yes,\" he paused, \"Reluctantly.\" The Sheriff forced a smile. \"Well, looks like I lost five bucks then. Deputy Khalop said you'd get it.\" \"But you didn't believe I would?\" Lem asked, trying to sound smug. \"Lem, you practically trashed the place the first time you visited the planetarium. I didn't believe Oglos would let you stay another minute.\" \"So you don't think I've changed?\" Lem asked. The sheriff shrugged. \"Let's just say I believe old habits die hard, Lem,\" he said. He then leaned forward to give Lem a long hard look, much like Oglos had done. \"I think I'll keep the sign. In case of a rainy day.\" Lem grinned, as he looked up at the sky. \"Sorry to disappoint you, Sheriff, but there's not a cloud in the sky.\" The Sheriff replied with only a sly smile. \"You know, the weatherman says we're in for a late afternoon storm.\" He took the hand break off. \"So let's just wait and see what it brings.\" And with that, he drove off. The sign. Only Lem and the Sheriff understood that private joke. The sheriff kept a wooden sign above the jail cell at the far end of the lock-up section that read \"This Cell Reserved for Lem Korplog.\" Lem had gotten into so much trouble as a youngster and he'd been in the lock-up so many times, that the sheriff kept that cell warm for him. Lem sighed. He'd been a trouble maker in the past. Causing pranks that weren't funny, and as Lem had gotten older, he graduated to vandalism and petty crime. It landed him in Juvenile Hall so many times, and he practically knew the place inside out. Lem shook his head and straightened himself up. That was all in the past now. He'd seen the light and was now moving on from his rebellious ways. The old Lem was history. The new Lem was going to make a difference. Glar could see the worried look on Lem's face, so he tried to change the subject. \"So, how was the movie, little guy?\" He asked Eckle. \"Awesome!\" Eckle cried out. \"There were moments when it looked like we were gonna lose, but then some brainiac invented a scientific machine that saved the day!\" He then halted his speech as he remembered something. \"Oh yeah, and during the previews, they had a spoiler for Humaniacs 3!\" \"Cool!\" Glar fined interest. \"It was awesome! It starts with a downed air force pilot wandering around the decimated remains of Capital City, before finally coming to rest at the shattered base of the Statue of Glorp.\" Eckle was so caught up in his explanation that he began to imitate the actor, causing passer by's to stop and stare. \"He then falls to his knees and screams, 'Humaniacs! You blew it up! Damn you all! Damn you all to the-!'\" \"Annnd we need to go home, Eckle,\" Lem said, grabbing his little brother and dragging him towards the van. \"Lem, wait!\" Eckle was tugging on his shoulder, \"I need to stop off at Haglogs Comics Shop on the way back. My latest subscription to Humaniacs comic comes in today.\" \"Haglogs Comics!?\" Lem felt ill. \"Can't you get it tomorrow?\" \"I won't be in town tomorrow,\" Eckle answered. \"Look, it's only around the corner; you don't have to go inside.\" \"Fine,\" Lem said with a sigh. He turned to Glar. \"You don't mind, do you?\" He asked. \"Hey man,\" Glar said, patting the top of Eckle's head. \"Anything for the Eck-Man.\" \"Alright, thanks!\" Eckle cried out, as he climbed into the van. \"You are so cool, Glar.\" Lem sighed, as he climbed in after, and they drove off. \"Next stop, Haglogs Comics,\" Glar said, \"And I need to pull up over at the gas station, Man, 'cause the Glar mobile needs more Go-Go juice!\" When they arrived, Glar pulled over right in front of the comics shop. \"I'll wait here,\" Lem said as he and Eckle climbed out. They watched as Glar suddenly cut across four lanes of traffic to pull up at the gas station where the gas station attendants swamped the van. Lem chuckled as he turned to Eckle. \"So, just in and out, okay? I'll be waiting...\" His voice trailed off as around the corner, came a rather sleek looking car. He stopped talking as he looked up. Valgor was coming around the corner. He sighed in anger. Why oh why did he have to be here. Valgor was the wealthiest and best-looking guy in school and had always managed to get the better of Lem. Lem had sabotaged his car once which landed him a full six months in juvenile hall. Since then, Lem had always tried to stare clear of Valgor, but the guy still managed to find him, and rub Lem's nose in the dirt. \"Damn,\" Lem snarled. He looked across the street to Glar who was still filling up. He couldn't get across the road to him in time. He looked back up, Valgor was getting closer. \"Damn!\" Lem hissed again. He looked behind him and sighed. Only one root of escape was available in time. Lem grabbed Eckle by the hand and boldly marched into Haglogs Comics shop. \"Welcome, welcome,\" Skiff greeted the two as they walked in through the front door. \"How may I assist... You.\" Skiff's voice trailed off in a displeased hiss as he saw Lem walk in. \"Well, I never thought I'd see the day, Lem, setting foot in my comic shop?\" \"Save it Skiff,\" Lem said looking him directly in the eyes. \"I'm not here to fight; not any more. Eckle just wants his comic.\" Skiff drummed his fingers on the front counter in mock deep thought. \"What was it you told me last time? Oh yes, it'd be a cold day in the Pit when you set one foot in this place?\" He glanced down at the floor as if looking past it into the depths of the planet below. \"Well, I wonder if I can sign up for their Ice Hog-Tey team?\" Lem grunted. Did everybody have to give him such a hard time? \"Eckle, just get your comic and let's go!\" He walked over to the window and looked outside. Damn, Valgor was chatting up some hot chick from school. He was still there. \"Here ya go little buddy,\" Skiff said, handing Eckle a comic book. \"The latest issue in the ongoing Humaniacs war.\" \"Whoa!\" Eckle gasped, as he flipped through it. \"Ya know,\" Skiff said leaning in closer, \"I hear from my sources that they're going to create a spin-off series.\" \"Wow! Really? When? What's it about?\" \"It's in the negotiation phase at the moment,\" Skiff said. \"But there's a rumour that they're going to base it around Base 9.\" So far, Lem had managed to keep tight-lipped, but the moment Skiff mentioned Base 9, Lem couldn't take it any more. \"Oh please,\" he groaned. Skiff snapped up to glare at him. \"Is there something you wish to add, Mr Korplog?\" He asked a hint of irritation in his voice. \"Again with the Base 9 thing, Skiff look, it's people like you who gave this town its reputation in the first place-\" \"Base 9 is real!\" Skiff almost shouted back. \"Aliens are real! Base 9 exists, and it's somewhere around here! Out in the desert; it's there!\" Lem sighed. He knew where this conversation was going. \"Well, let's hear it then,\" he said. \"Thank you,\" Skiff said with a mock bow. \"The Glipfog Incident really was a cover-up by the government! The satellite that landed there was an alien ship, and they've built their base around it, deep underground.\" Eckle had been listening to all this with morbid fascination, something that had not escaped both Lem and Skiff. \"What does the alien ship look like?\" \"A satellite!\" Lem snapped. \"No one knows,\" Skiff said, ignoring Lem. \"But some say it's as small as a car; others say it's the size of a small building.\" Looking out the window, Lem saw that Valgor was nowhere in sight. \"Right, we're outta here,\" Lem said, grabbing Eckle by the arm, and dragging him towards the exit. \"We'll leave the nut cases to their wild conspiracy theories.\" \"T-theories!?\" Skiff nearly choked. \"I've got more important things to believe in than big white men, Skiff,\" Lem snapped back as he walked out the door, allowing it to slam behind. \"Awww,\" Eckle whined as they exited the shop, \"It was just getting to the good part.\" \"Eckle,\" Lem said, as they checked the street for traffic. \"I don't want you hanging out with Skiff any more. He's a bad influence.\" \"Yeah, you'd know all about what's a good influence.\" Eckle teased. Lem felt his temper rise. \"I'm not like that any more!\" He snapped, almost crushing Eckle's hand in anger. He calmed down as he could see the fear in his little brother's eyes. \"Look, Eckle, Skiff's a fruit loop. It's because of people like him that no one in the whole wide world will ever take this town seriously. The media pegged us as the 'Alien Town' thanks to that stupid 'incident' that occurred ten years ago.\" \"Lem,\" Eckle sounded serious. \"What did happen?\" \"A satellite fell out of orbit, that's all,\" Lem said, as both he and Eckle started to cross the street. \"A lot of people say it was a top-secret crewless space capsule. The farmer who found it thought it was an alien ship with the strange shape and all. Plus the Great War had only been over for ten years; people were still jumpy even back then.\" He sighed. \"But by then, the world press had jumped on the whole alien thing, and within three days, we were the 'Alien Town' , and we've been the Alien Town ever since then.\" \"Dad says it does wonders for the tourism industry,\" Eckle said as they reached the other side of the road, where Glar was waiting for them. \"Dad says a lot of things,\" Lem ignored Eckle. \"Glar, you been waiting long?\" \"I saw Valgor across the street, man,\" Glar said, \"I understand.\" Lem nodded, as all three climbed in, and drove off towards home. \"We're back!\" Lem called out, as both he and Eckle walked in through the front door. \"Welcome home, sweety,\" Lem's mother said, greeting Eckle with a big hug. \"Did you have a good study time?\" \"Sure did mom,\" Eckle lied. \"I can't wait for tests! I'm gonna ace them; no prob!\" \"That's my boy,\" Their father said patting Eckle on the shoulder. Lem just stood by the door, waiting to be acknowledged. Finally, both his parents looked up at him, a neutral expression on their faces. Lem held up the set of keys from the planetarium as if he were presenting them on a game show. He received a nod of approval from his folks. \"Looks like you can do something right after all,\" His father said without a hint of emotion. That was it? All his hard work and this is his congratulations!? Lem bit his tongue. He knew better than to push it. Not with his reputation. \"Well done, Lem,\" His mother said a slight smile on her lips. \"Well then,\" Lem said rubbing both his hands together. \"I'll be upstairs if anyone needs me.\" They both nodded, as he headed upstairs, and locked his door behind him. He shuffled over to his bed and flopped down on it with an irritated sigh. He then got up again, and punched the pillow with all his might, venting his built up rage and frustration. Damn. It was like this all the time. Couldn't people see he'd changed!? Couldn't people see he wanted to leave the past behind? But when you've got a six-year history of bad behaviour, it's a little difficult to prove otherwise. It reminded him of something Glar had once said. 'People are always slow when adapting to change, man!' Lem smiled. Good old Glar was always there for him. Maybe that was the real reason they were best friends. His gaze fell upon his favorite books about space; all written by the brilliant professor Kipple. Smiling, that caused him to look over at his window, where the telescope sat on its tripod stand; looking up at the heavens. He'd saved up and bought that with his own money after he realised that Astronomy was going to be his future. He got up and ran a finger along its length. About seven months ago, he broke into the planetarium with the intention of vandalising it with a gang he was trying to join. However, the moment he entered the building he became fascinated with it. The stars and planets; the great unknown. Of cause, it was then that he accidentally tripped an alarm, and his so-called friends locked him in the building as punishment, allowing him to get caught. He confessed to the cops and named names, allowing the rest of the gang to be rounded up. At his trial, he pleaded to do his community service at the planetarium, to make up for his errors. The judge thought it to be poetic justice and agreed. The truth was, Lem just wanted to see the stars again. Now, he was working there and with the school year eventually coming to a close; It wouldn't be long before he'd be able to study astronomy professionally, and finally one day... Lem sighed, as he leaned over and looked into the lens. The evening sky presented its self along with the massive rings. He smiled to himself. \"One day, I will see those rings up close and personal.\" He frowned. There was a star in the evening sky; faint. He leaned back and looked up to see it was still there. He scratched his forehead. \"Now what the pit are you...?\" he muttered. Something hit his window. Lem looked around in confusion. He walked over slowly before something else landed by the side of his window. He jumped slightly, before pushing the round window open. \"Hey!\" He cried out in anger, \"What the Pit is going...\" His voice trailed off. \"Nerra!?\" He cried out in surprise. Nerra was the girl who lived next door to Lem. She'd lived there for almost eight years now. She always seemed to listen to him when things got tough. \"Hey Lem,\" she called up at him from her side of the fence that their houses shared. \"How did it go?\" He proudly displayed his keys. \"Got it!\" He cried. She beamed at him. \"Congratulations, Lem,\" she cried out, clapping her hands together. \"I knew you could.\" \"You... Knew?\" Lem asked in disbelief. She nodded. \"I could tell by the way you would talk about astronomy. You've never been that passionate about anything before.\" She smiled in a way that made Lem feel good about himself. \"That's how I knew.\" Lem was silent before he leaned out the window a little. \"Uhh, Nerra?\" He asked. \"Yes Lem?\" She replied. \"Will you like to go to the school dance with me?\" Nerra looked a little shocked, before she sighed with disappointment. \"I'm sorry Lem, but I've already got a date for the school dance. I'm going with Valgor.\" Lem nearly threw himself out the window. \" Him !?\" He shouted. \"You're going with him!? Nerra, why!?\" \"Because he asked me out two days ago,\" Nerra explained. \"I, just can't turn him down.\" \"Then I'll do it for you,\" Lem said, making to turn back into his room. \"Lem, no!\" Nerra cried out. Lem stopped to look back down at her. \"Please, Lem, just... Don't!\" Lem sighed in anger, and started to close his window. \"But I'm free this weekend!\" Nerra called out. Lem froze, as he looked down at her, her face held a hopeful smile. Lem's smile slowly materialised and he nodded. \"Sure,\" he said. \"Pick you up at eight?\" \"Down at the bus stop,\" Nerra said, \"You know how my parents feel about you.\" Lem nodded. \"See you then, Nerra.\" He watched her leave back into her house, and he gently closed the window. He jumped into the air and did a 'yes' manoeuvre. All of the garbage he'd put up with today just seemed so worth it. After all this, it was just dust in the wind. He walked over to his cupboard, and marked the date down on his calendar. His life was going to get so much better. He paused in mid stride back to his bed. For the life of him, he felt as though he'd forgotten something. He shrugged it off, before falling backwards onto his bed to look up through his skylight with happiness. Whatever it was, it would have to wait and besides, it probably wasn't that important anyway. Through the skylight, Lem saw a small plane flying far overhead. He got up off the bed and looked out the window. It wasn't flying towards the air port, but rather, towards the desert. He aimed the telescope at it, and grimaced. He recognised the logo on the plane as being one of those charter planes that tourists took to sight see the desert and the alien crash site. \"Good luck,\" Lem muttered to the sky as he headed back to his bed. \"The only thing you're gonna see out there is sand, no different from the stuff you've got in your heads!\" The plane flew a little higher as it left the residential section of Glipfog behind. The pilot switched on his mike as the sandy desert began to replace the town grass. \"This is Special Tour 1 on rendezvous to Crash Site within six minutes; Over.\" The radio crackled to life and another voice sparked out. \"Rodger that, Special Tour 1, we have your clearance. Crash Site is awaiting your viewing. Do you copy, over.\" \"Copy that, over and out!\" The pilot turned to look up at the review mirror to see the reflection of his passengers chest and mid-section, along with the brief case nursed in his lap. The three stars on his collar stood out the most. He was curious, and was tempted in striking up another conversation with the general, but from the abrupt wordless response he'd received earlier, he thought it highly unlikely. The plane flew on until the pilot began to bank the aircraft to the left. \"We've reached our destination, sir,\" the pilot said to his passenger. \"Welcome back, General.\" The man responded with nothing. The plane dove as it circled, before finally straightening out and landing on the black tarmac runway. It bounced twice before slowing down and coming to a complete stop. There was a loud click, followed by a slow and steady hum. Then, the ground jolted, and the plane began to sink into the ground. The sand was replaced by a smooth wall of metal and lights as the plane descended into the depths of the planet. With one last final jolt, the plane came to a standstill. The passenger door opened, and the man climbed out to be greeted by a rather fat looking Captain with tentacles on his upper lip. The Captain saluted, and the passenger returned the gesture. He then stood aside and came to attention. \"Ah-teeeen-Chun!\" He shouted. Behind him in the hanger, the soldiers all came to attention. \"At ease, men,\" the man replied. He then started walking down the stairs, as the Captain fell in behind. \"Captain, give me an update,\" he demanded. \"Sir, as you already know, at zero five hundred hours today, our security alarms in the Vault were triggered by an unknown source. When a security team arrived to investigate, whoever it was had already taken what they were looking for.\" He paused. \"Well, we've assumed it was what they were looking for.\" \"The machine,\" the General said. \"And nothing else was touched?\" \"No sir, the other probes were completely intact. The worse part is, there's no sign of any forced entry or exit anywhere in the whole base.\" He shook his head in worry. \"It's probably just my imagination running wild here sir, but from what the technicians described, it was as if something disrupted the seal from the inside.\" They both exited the hanger and came to a stop by a metal corridor that held a small jeep, awaiting its guest. \"Then they've finally come,\" the General said. \"Sir?\" The General paused, halfway into the jeep as he looked back at the Captain. \"Captain, let me tell you something,\" he said as the Captain climbed up into the seat next to him. \"What I'm about to tell and show you is classified top secret.\" The soldier up front put the jeep in gear, and they drove off down the tunnel. \"At eleven hundred and twelve hours today, our tracking stations revived a single from our deep space probe on Kirelog.\" \"K-Kirelog!?\" The Captain almost fell out of the jeep with shock. \"You mean...!? we can...!?\" The General looked faintly amused. \"Yes. We can. The probe was to be part of an early warning system when it made an interesting transmission.\" He unbuckled his briefcase and handed the Captain a few photos. The Captain leafed through the pictures as his eyes widened. \"By the Great Rings...\" he gasped. \"These photo's are forty-eight hours old, Captain.\" The General answered. \"I want this base on high alert ASAP; plus mobilise all available units. I do believe we'll be having guests very soon.\" Kaylog watched the green glow of the radar screen at Glipforg Domestic Airport control tower, waiting for the arrival of the next plane that was due to land over twenty minutes ago. He glanced up and looked out at the thick black clouds gathering on the horizon. \"Looks like a storm,\" he muttered. He turned to his fellow technician beside him. \"Has Flight 376 reported in yet?\" Turning the radio dial rewarded him with radio static. He shook his head. \"Nothing.\" \"They're late,\" Kaylog muttered as he turned back to the screen. \"Man, I'd hate to be the pilot who has to go through that...\" The screen abruptly beeped at him, cutting his rant short. \"Ahh,\" he said, leaning back in his chair. \"Finally.\" He waited again for the screen to register another bleep to confirm it's arrival. He picked up his mike and activated it. \"Okay, Flight 376, this is Glipforg Domestic Tower, we now have you on the radar. What's your status, over?\" Static was his only response; Kaylog frowned. He thumbed the button again. \"Flight 376, this is Glipforg Domestic Tower, please respond! Over!\" Nothing. \"What the Pit is wrong with them,\" Kaylog snarled. He turned to his partner. \"Do they have the proper frequency?\" \"They should,\" the man answered. \"All domestic flights were updated just under two months ago.\" Kaylog turned back to the screen, and his frown was becoming a scowl. \"I don't need this on my shift today,\" he snarled. \"We can only try all...\" His voice trailed off as the plane bleep again. His mouth fell open in shock. \"No. Way.\" He gasped. His partner looked over at him. \"Everything okay over there?\" \"Drylog, when was the last time this system underwent a maintenance check?\" The man looked dumbfounded. \"Two days ago, how could you forget, you were there!\" Kaylog turned to face his partner. The look on his face showed fear and surprise. \"I think you'd better take a look at this.\" Drylog pushed his chair over to the radar and leaned in. The plane bleeped once more. \"By the Great Rings,\" his voice trailed off. \"They're over ninety thousand feet up!\" His mouth gaped like a fish. \"T-that can't be right!\" \"Before, it read one hundred thousand feet,\" Kaylog said. He looked back at the screen as it registered the flight at now eighty thousand feet. \"They're dropping; fast!\" Suddenly, the radar picked up another signal, and almost on cue, a voice crackled over the radio. \"Glipforg Domestic Tower, this is Flight 376, we apologise for our lateness, but we had to avoid a fierce thunderstorm closing in on your location. Request landing guidance. Over.\" The two men gasped in shock. \"Glipforg Domestic Tower, this is Flight 376, requesting landing guidance, do you read? Over!\" Drylog pointed at the second blip on the screen. \"If that's Flight 376,\" his finger moved to the other one, now at sixty thousand feet. \"What the Pit is that!?\" Outside, the distant rumble of thunder echoed throughout the room. The sky was growing darker. Thunder rumbled in the distance. Lem watched with interest as the storm clouds rolled in overhead. \"Man, that storm just came outta nowhere,\" he muttered. He watched from his window as his father began to pack away the lawn mower. Eckle was busy trying to unfold the mower cover, while his mother hurried to get her gardening gear packed. They didn't bother asking for his help? He scoffed as he rolled his eyes. Typical . \"Come on, son, that storm's going to burst any second now!\" Eckle struggled to unfold the mower cover. \"Ugh, why can't Lem do this?\" Eckle complained as the wind momentarily tore the cover from his grasp. \"This thing is huge!\" \"'Cause you're here and he isn't,\" his father replied. \"No wait; you do it like this!\" \"Need a hand, neighbour?\" Their next-door neighbours, the Hoplogs, and Nerra's parents were out in their front yard. Nerra's father was the one who offered a hand. \"Yeah,\" Lem's dad said. \"Can you help me with this?\" \"No problem,\" he jumped the fence, just as the wind picked up. A splash of water hit him in the face, and he blinked up at the sky. \"Looks like it's about to break.\" They both grabbed the cover and pulled it on. \"Man, that was a challenge,\" he said. \"Wanna have a beer when you're done?\" \"I would love-\" The echoing explosion drowned out the rest of his response. \"What was that!?\" Eckle cried out. Everyone looked up at the sky. \"That didn't sound like thunder.\" There was a brilliant flash of orange in the sky. \"What the-!?\" Everyone gaped in shock as a second bright orange flash tore open the sky, and a billowing ball of fire broke through. It rocketed towards the ground below at a fantastic speed, before a third flash of orange blossomed, and it began to slow down. High gusts of wind tore at everyone, even blowing Eckle off his feet. Dust and grass, and twigs and dirt were all thrown up along with a thick grey fog; and the noise. There was a terrible roaring sound like a continuous explosion that seemed to last forever, until; it all stopped. The wind was still there. It began to blow, clearing the air as the grey fog was blown away, lifted like a curtain. Everyone was speechless. Right before everyone, in the front yard, stood a large metal pod. It looked like a giant head on three legs. There was some octagon shaped box on its side with a strange yellow and black symbol. There was still some grey fog, whispering from beneath it, while the lawn beneath was scorched earth. Nobody moved. Nobody spoke. Nobody blinked. Suddenly, there was a loud humming sound and a puff of air, as the side of the pod abruptly slid out, then tilted over to rest on the ground, forming a gangplank. The wind howled madly, and lightning flashed overhead. Then, there was movement. Something emerged from the opening. It was white, bulky and massive. Its body was completely white, with a sizeable dome-like sphere for a head and a large reflective visor for an eye. It bent as it climbed out, stood straight and tall, before leaping to the ground below. Dirt fountained up around its feet as it landed. There was a large white box, like a backpack on it's back, and clutched in both its hands, was a poll with a brightly coloured rectangular cloth at one end. For a moment, it seemed to pause, before looking up at the sky. Then, it looked down at its feet, as it carefully took one step forward. Then another, and another, until it was halfway between the family and the pod. Then, it heaved the poll into the air, and slammed it down hard, into the ground; the brightly coloured cloth was fluttering madly in the wind. As it began to straighten up, it looked up, past the flag, towards the two families standing there, utterly gobsmacked. It froze. Something wet hit Lem's dad between his antenna. He didn't even bother to look up, as another hit him right between the eyes. Then another. Water began to trickle down from the sky, gradually soaking all their clothes. But no one moved. It was like looking at a set of lawn ornaments. The big white bulky creature looked up at the sky, before looking back at the two families. Slowly, it let go of the poll with both hands and took a step back. Then another. Suddenly it made a mad dash back to the pod, only to come to a screeching halt. \" Eckle !?\" Eckle turned at the sound of his mothers scream. He had been so caught up in looking inside the alien pod, that he didn't even see the alien coming towards him. Now it was only a scant foot away. Hunched over, it still an imposing figure. \"Whoa!\" Eckle cried out in surprise, and reached into his pocket, and pulled out the only thing he could find. His toy ray gun. He aimed and pulled the trigger. The front end of the toy flashed and made a high-pitched buzzing sound. To Eckles surprise, the creature ducked and cringed. Eckle looked flabbergasted, before firing once more. As the toy whizzed and banged, the alien rolled out of the way. Eckle couldn't understand it. He didn't expect it to be afraid of his toy gun. He'd just done that on the spur of the moment. That meant it believed it was real, and that was something he could use to his advantage. He grinned savagely. \"All right you monster!\" He shouted with all the force he could muster. \"I'm Eckle Korplog, alien hunter, extraordinaire!\" He took aim and began to repeatability pull the trigger. \"Get off my planet you space invading scum!\" As the ray gun whizzed and banged, the creature made a mad dash for safety, dodging and weaving as if Eckle's toy were real. Running into and taking out their front gate as it half ran, half stumbled into the street. It stood there for a moment, looking left, then right, then moved again, before looking back at its pod, to see Eckle starting forward towards it, ray gun raised. It threw it's arms up into the air, running off down the street. Just as Eckle reached what used to be their front gate, the front door of the house flew open as Lem rushed out. \"Eckle!\" He cried out, \"Get away from that thing!\" \"But Lem,\" Eckle protested. \"I've got it on the run; I have to catch it, before it destroys our world!\" \"Eckle, this isn't a comic book!\" Lem snapped, grabbing his brother by the arm. \"We've got to get to safety. We've got to call the Sheriff!\" \"To the Pit with the Sheriff,\" Lem's dad finally gasped. \"We need the army!\" High above them lighting flashed, thunder roared, and the heavens finally broke loose. They all scattered, running back into their respective houses, just as the sound of the towns air raid siren began to rise over the roar of the storm.[Chapter 2] Back inside their house, the Korplog family all huddled together in the living room, soaking wet. Outside, the rain fell in drenching sheets, hammering the roof of their house, roaring down the metal gutters, and splashing on the ground in a torrent. Just then, Lem's father returned. \"Well?\" Their mother asked. \"The Sheriff knows. By the Pit, half the damn town already knows.\" \"So what are they going to be doing about it?\" \"They've called in the army, but it'll take some time to get organised.\" He glared over at the rain slashed window. \"Damn storm is making it difficult to organise everything.\" \"I'll get some towels,\" Their mother said, heading for the cupboard. \"So what do we do?\" Lem asked. \"You're all heading down into the basement,\" his father answered. \"As for me, I've been called up. I have to report over at the town hall auditorium.\" \"Right now?\" Their mother asked. He nodded. \"Storm or no storm,\" he said, grabbing a raincoat. \"We've been invaded by aliens.\" \"You haven't seen live combat in 20 years; they can't be serious!?\" \"I'm a Great War veteran, honey,\" They kissed. \"I can handle anything. Even aliens.\" He pointed to Lem. \"Lem, I'm putting you in charge until I get back.\" \"Me?\" Lem was just as shocked as everyone else. \"Yes, I know,\" his father sighed. \"But you've shown responsibility, along with sensible thinking, and right now, this family needs a leading man!\" \"What about me dad?\" Eckle protested. His father frowned at his youngest son. \"When you've learned not to go looking in alien space crafts and chase after deadly aliens with only a toy gun, then we can talk. Now I've got to get going.\" He opened the door and struggled to close it against the storm. Lem walked over to the window and watched as their father pulled out of the garage in the family car, carefully avoiding the alien pod, and then driving off into the storm. He then turned back to his family who was looking at him expectantly. \"Well, we'd better do as dad said, everyone into the basement, I'll join you both after I go around and make sure all the doors and windows are locked.\" Lem watched them all leave then turned to lock the front door. He was stunned. Not by the alien invasion, but what his father had done — left him in charge — his eldest son whom he barely even acknowledged these days. Then again, Dad had never come out and said that he was an embarrassment. Oh, he'd come close, but never those exact words. He smiled. Maybe being invaded by space monsters wasn't such a bad thing after all. Rain drummed loudly on the roof of the auditorium that served as the Town Hall's general meeting area. Black cloth covered the windows, hiding the lights within; a trick that harked back to the days of the Great War when fleets of bombers would use city lights to guide themselves to their targets. Men of all ages packed every square foot of the building. Some of them fresh out of school, while others who'd seen combat during the Great War. \"I never thought I'd have to go through this again,\" Nerra's father said to Lem's father. \"I mean, damn, aliens. Makes you wonder if the whole incident was real.\" \"Let's not go down that road, Glemp,\" Lem's dad responded. \"Right now, we need the army, and distrusting them is the last thing we want to do.\" Glemp chewed on his bottom lip. \"Yeah, I guess you're right, Quip,\" he said. \"How are you're family taking it? I mean, that thing did land in your front yard.\" Before Quip could answer, a grim-faced middle-aged man wearing a green-grey suit walked across the stage and stopped in the centre. Crowd noises cease as if cut off by a switch. Quip recognised him as Deputy Mayor Schlip Torrg. Mayor Toslog was on a trip to the West Coast trying to promote the towns tourism industry. No doubt he'd have much more to work with now that a real live alien was running around. The Deputy Mayor looked very nervous, more so than anyone in the crowd. \"Are we waiting for any more?\" He asked. A few heads shook in a silent 'No.' The Deputy Mayor nodded and continued. \"I'd like to thank you all for coming, especially in this awful weather-\" \"When do we get our guns?\" A youngster in the crowd shouted. Up on stage, the Deputy Mayor raised his brow mussels to the Great Rings in exasperation. \"Son, we don't have that many guns to give, or uniforms, or much of anything. In fact, the majority of what we do have is left over from the Great War.\" Both Quip and Glemp smiled. At least they'd get equipment they knew how to handle. Somebody else jumped up and shouted, \"Then what the Pit are we supposed to do if we encounter this alien!? Use harsh language?\" \"Hopefully it won't have to come to that.\" Everybody turned to see Sheriff Grug enter the stage from the other side. \"We won't be engaging the alien in direct combat, that's the army's job.\" \"Hey, where the Pit are they, anyway?\" Someone interjected. \"My family is at home all alone, and for all I know, that thing could've skinned them and left their bodies outside to hang.\" Somebody in the crowd gave a small cry of fear. \"Will everybody please calm down!?\" The Sheriff almost shouted that last sentence. \"You're not going to make the world any better by shouting at it!\" The man who'd shouted out reluctantly returned to his seat. \"Now, I can assure you that have contacted the army, and they're on their way to the landing site even as we speak.\" Another person stood up and shouted out, \"But the alien's not at its ship!\" Quip recognised him as old-man Peolog who lived across the street from him. \"It ran off into the town!\" He turned to look at Quip. \"Ain't that right Korplog? It landed in your front yard, didn't it?\" He asked him. All eyes turned on Quip who reluctantly nodded. \"Yes, the Alien ran off into the town.\" More cries of alarm rang out in the auditorium and Quip winced. \"My family!\" Someone shouted. \"Please, all of you, calm down!\" The Deputy Mayor cried out. \"We can control the situation but only if we all stop panicking!\" Before anyone could respond, the double doors at the entrance to the auditorium crashed open allowing the wind and the noise of the storm to spill into the whole room. Heads turned to see two shadowy figures cloaked in raincoats walk inside. The shorter one turned to close the door behind them, while the taller one removed his hood. The General stood tall and proud as he stopped in the centre of the auditorium and eyed all those who were present. He then waited until the shorter man; a Captain joined him by his side. \"Gentlemen,\" he called out, loud enough so that all could hear. \"Allow me to introduce myself. I am General Grawl, and I will be in charge,\" he paused as he looked around the room, \"Considering you can't seem to organise your selves.\" \"Well, it's about time the army got here; what kept you?\" Someone from across the room shouted. \"Since we haven't discovered a way to instantaneously teleport ourselves we had to rely on driving vehicles here. Also, the storm is making things rather difficult.\" He ignored the man's indignant response as he started to make his way towards the stage. \"Our troop strenght at the moment is roughly the size of one company.\" He paused as he reached centre stage. \"I have sent requests to the Council of Thirteen for reinforcements.\" \"The Council of Thirteen?\" Somebody cried. Everybody took notice. \"Yes, despite the noise of the storm you people are very loud, and I can assure you that the army has not abandoned you,\" he paused again for effect. \"Nor has the Prime Alpha.\" Everyone gasped. \"The Prime Alpha!?\" \"You may be a small tourist town compared to the big industrialised cities of the West Coast, but you are all members of the same confederation, and your Prime Alpha has declared this area a disaster zone, giving it the top priority for aid and defence.\" A few people sighed in relief. \"But we will still need your help; all of you.\" The General added. \"If we are to find and capture this alien before there are any casualties, we will need cooperation... and trust.\" A few people hung their heads in shame. \"Thank you, General,\" The Deputy Mayor said. \"The Sheriff and I are at your disposal for as long as you need us.\" \"Then what we need, is for everyone to return to their homes.\" The General said. \"Weapons and equipment will be distributed to all those who are members of the volunteer militia. But right now, we need everyone where they are safe. In your homes with your families.\" Heads bobbed in approval. Many looked relieved. \"Thank you, General,\" Sheriff Grug said as he turned to the crowd. \"Now, I want everyone to form two lines over by the sign-up tables. One line for Great War Veterans, over there, towards the left, and the other on the right for everyone else.\" People got up and started moving this way and that. \"Mr Torrg,\" General Grawl said to the man after the two lines had formed. \"My men and I will need maps of the town. Sewer systems, electrical grids, even old construction plans.\" \"Yessir, General,\" the Deputy mayor nodded, and quickly rushed off. \"Sheriff, I'm going to need you to be in charge of the volunteer force. I want you to organise your troops ASAP; then I want you to guard important locations like the power plant and waterworks until more units arrive.\" \"Yessir,\" the Sheriff saluted. Grawl returned the gesture as the Sheriff left. \"Sir?\" General Grawl turned to face his Captain. \"Shouldn't we tell them about the machine?\" \"Tell them what exactly Captain,\" Grawl asked. \"That there could very well be a second alien wandering around out there? I'm sure that'll go down well. Besides, we don't know if there is a second alien. We still haven't confirmed if or if not, the machine got up and left on its own accord. There's still the possibility of theft.\" He looked out over the crowd. \"We'll burn that bridge when we cross it, Captain, right now, these people don't need anything more to fear as it is already.\" THE NEXT DAY... The sound of something beeping caused Lem to open his eyes and look up through his skylight at the grey clouds in the sky high above him. He sat up at the sound of movement and voices from outside. The clouds outside weren't inky black as it had been, while a moderate drizzle now blanketed the town. The wind no longer tore at the trees, and they only shook from the splatter of the raindrops. \"What the Pit is that racket?\" He muttered shuffling over to the window. \"It's five in the morning.\" He looked out the window, to see two massive army-green trucks parked in front of his house; a third was in the middle of reversing into the driveway, the cause of the beeping sound. He looked confused before he looked over at the great big white pod on tripods sitting on the front lawn. Armed men in army green and raincoats had the thing surrounded, while army engineers were setting up a security fence to cordon it off. \"Oh, right.\" He muttered. \"So it wasn't a dream after all.\" His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. He turned, and called out, \"Come in?\" The door opened, as his mother appeared. \"Honey?\" She asked. \"You're up.\" \"Yeah,\" Lem said nodding towards the window. \"Can't sleep with that noise.\" \"You wanted me to wake you up early for your job.\" Lem's eyes widened. \"Job? Oh yeah!\" He'd forgotten about that. \"Thanks for that, mom,\" he said. \"Lem honey?\" He looked over at his mother. \"Take care, sweety.\" Lem was surprised. She hadn't called him sweety in... far too long. \"I will mom,\" he said, leaning over to kiss her on the cheek. \"I'll call you when I get there, and when I'm leaving. Now I need you to leave so that I can get dressed.\" \"You ride carefully in this rain,\" his mother said as she closed the door behind her. Lem smiled. Whoever said an alien invasion was a bad thing. His mother was waiting by the front door as he came down the stairs. She held out a small lunch box with a thermos. \"I made you some lunch and something to drink while you're at work, Lem,\" she said. \"Aww, thanks mom,\" Lem said as he took it from her. \"Now you will call me when you get there, to let your mother know you're alright?\" \"Yes mom,\" Lem said as he allowed himself to be kissed good-bye on the cheek. \"I can look after myself. I'm just worried about you and dad.\" \"Your father and I will be fine, dear,\" she said, handing him a raincoat. \"Just be safe.\" Lem nodded as he put the raincoat on and exited the house into the garage. Lem's dad was in there, along with five soldiers, setting up some electrical equipment. \"Oh, Lem!\" His father called out, his arms full with extension cords. \"Take care son!\" \"I will, dad,\" Lem said, as he pulled out his bike, and started peddling down the driveway. The rain was light as he pulled out into the street. Up and down the road, families were piling their possessions into their cars and boarding up their houses. A few houses were already empty, their windows covered in wooden planks. Both ends of the street were barricaded off, with jeeps, soldiers, and even a tank. Crowds of onlookers obscured whatever lay beyond the blockade. \"Kid, wait!\" He turned to see a big soldier in a raincoat, holding out a plastic card. \"You're going to need this to get back home.\" He handed Lem the card. It was an Army issued id card that proved he lived here. His face grinned back at him, and he wondered where they got the photo? \"Thanks,\" he told the soldier, as he started peddling down the street towards the planetarium. The soldiers forced an opening in the crowd, allowing him to get through, but the moment he passed the check-point, the journalists in the crowd bombarded him with flashbulbs and a million jabbering questions. \"...Did the creature look...?\" \"...You in any danger from...?\" \"...Army told you not to tell...?\" Reporters. Lem covered his eyes from the bright lights that flashed and popped, as he tried to push his way through the swarm. It proved impossible as they all seemed to draw in closer, to the point where someone jabbed him in the head with a microphone or two. \"Back off!\" Lem shouted. \"I don't know anything! Just let me pass!\" That only made them more determined. Someone yanked on his left antenna, and he'd had enough. \"Alright, that's it!\" Lem snarled, as he balled his fist and raised it... ...only to have someone grab his wrist. \"Lem!\" He recognised the voice. Nerra. \"Over here!\" She began to pull his wrist, and Lem allowed himself to follow, pushing through the crowd, before finally breaking free and stumbling. The shouting of questions continued until Lem shouted 'No Comment' with a swear to get across his message. Nerra helped him away from the crowd. \"Thanks.\" He said after he was sure no one was following. Nerra's smiling face beamed back at him through the rain from behind her raincoat. \"You looked like you were in trouble,\" she said, as she looked him up and down. \"Look's like you're going to need a change of clothes too.\" It was then that Lem realised that his shirt was wet. Looking down, he saw all the buttons on his raincoat had been ripped off. \"Aww, nuts,\" Lem muttered. \"Come with me,\" she said, taking his hand and leading him away from the crowd. \"My aunt lives not too far from here. I can get you some dry clothes there.\" Lem smiled. \"Thank you Nerra. For everything.\" The two smiled as they walked hand in hand. \"So Lem,\" Nerra asked, \"What did the creature look like?\" \"Big, white, and ugly,\" Lem replied. \"Where ever it came from, it must have had some hideous parents.\" Nerra laughed. \"Man, that must have been scary,\" she said. \"I mean, seeing a real live alien.\" \"I wasn't scared,\" Lem said puffing out his chest slightly. \"In fact, Dad put me in charge when he left; said I was a sensible leader.\" \"Really? Your dad?\" Nerra sounded just as shocked as he had when it had happened. Before Lem could answer, a car came to a screeching halt beside them. Both of them looked up to see the face of Valgor staring back at them. \"Nerra!\" He cried out, jumping out of the car, and rushing over to her. \"There you are, thank the Great Rings you're okay!\" \"I'm fine Valgor,\" she said a little flattered at his concern for her. Lem just narrowed his eyes in contempt. \"But, I'm perfectly fine.\" \"For now!\" He said, \"But who knows where that alien monster is. It could be lurking around the corner,\" he surreptitiously glanced at Lem, \"Or it could be impersonating any one of us.\" \"Even you?\" Lem shot back. Valgor ignored him. \"I couldn't get through to your house, and the phone lines are all jammed. Nerra I was worried something had happened to you.\" Lem hated to admit it, but Valgor sounded genuine. \"That's so sweet, Valgor,\" Nerra said. \"But you don't have to worry about me. I can look after myself perfectly fine.\" \"Please,\" Valgor said, \"I need you to come with me! My fathers booked a flight out of town tomorrow, for my family.\" He looked her square in the eye. \"There's room for yours as well.\" \"Really?\" Nerra sounded interested. Lem rolled his eyes. \"But Nerra,\" Lem said. \"What about...? You know. This weekend?\" \"Huh?\" It caught Valgor by surprise. \"What about this weekend?\" \"I agreed to go out with Lem this weekend,\" Nerra said. \"That's what this weekend is about.\" \"Him!?\" Valgor let his disgust show through. \"Nerra, he's a trouble maker. He nearly killed me with his stunt last...\" \"It's not like you didn't deserve it!\" Lem snapped. \"Lem!\" Nerra warned. \"Not now!\" Lem just nodded. \"Valgor. I'm going out with Lem this weekend, invasion or not. If my family doesn't wish to leave, then I won't make them.\" Valgor gave an irritated sigh. \"Fine,\" he said. \"But Nerra, the offer still stands.\" He looked over at Lem, then asked. \"Can I at least take you to your parents and talk about it?\" \"Okay,\" Nerra said. \"I want to bring Lem along as well.\" Valgor gave a quick flicker of annoyance. \"Fine, but,\" he looked at Lem, at his boxed lunch and bike. \"He looks like he has someplace to be?\" Lem's eyes widened. He looked down at his wristwatch. It was five twenty-five. \"Oh damn!\" he snapped. \"My job; I start at six.\" \"Valgor can give you a ride.\" \"And leave his bike?\" Lem wished Valgor wasn't right. \"I'm going to have to go, Nerra,\" Lem said. \"If we hadn't gotten so caught up in talking with others,\" he glanced over at Valgor. \"I might have been able to accept your invitation.\" Valgor smiled. \"Very well, Lem,\" Nerra said. \"But please, be careful.\" He grabbed his arm and gave him a quick kiss. Lem was frozen. Valgor grunted. Lem just stood there, unable to say anything. \"Bye.\" And then, Nerra was gone. Lem couldn't believe it. Nerra had kissed him!? A grin slowly spread across his face. He star jumped into the air and shouted in triumph. \"In your face Valgor!\" He shouted in the direction he'd left. \"She kissed me, not you, me!\" He laughed out loud as he started his bike down the street in the opposite direction. He looked up as overhead, the sound of a helicopter swept in low over the rooftops, making a beeline for Lem's house. The helicopter circled the front of the Korplog house, before landing gently on the road. General Grawl climbed out and walked over to the Captain who was supervising the quarantining of the alien pod. \"Greetings, sir,\" the captain saluted. \"I apologise for the lateness of the quarantine fence, but the civilians fleeing the town is making things difficult for us to get things where they need to be.\" He let an irritated sigh escape. \"And then there's those damn-\" \"Yes, the reporters.\" The General finished, he glanced over at the nearest crowd of people. \"They're nothing but panic spreaders.\" \"We've managed to secure a place for you to stay, while you're here, sir,\" the Captain said, pointing at Lem's house. \"The owner of this house was more than whiling to lend us their home.\" He looked up and down the street to see a few cars drive pass, dangerously loaded up with furniture and people. \"I don't think we'll have any trouble finding temporary accommodation for our boys.\" \"We should try to promote some calm at least,\" the General said. \"People are scared enough as it already is. What's the situation in the outer zones?\" The Captain grunted. \"Organized chaos,\" he responded. \"We're swamped. We don't have the resources, and there are far too many people trying to get in and out. We've had to divert at least a third of all available troops to just manning the southern exit alone.\" The General nodded. Too many townspeople had freaked out and were trying to get out as fast as they could, while every sightseer, reporter, thrill seeker, and general nut-case this world had to offer was trying to get in. \"The alien could sneak through,\" Grawl mused. \"What's the status of the local militia?\" \"At least one-quarter of all volunteers have been issued with equipment of sorts.\" The Captain answered. \"Last time I spoke with the Sheriff, he said that they were scraping the bottom of the barrel for guns.\" \"Damn,\" Grawl snarled softly, before deciding to change the subject. \"What's the status on the specialist team from Capital City?\" The Captain smiled. \"Their plane just touched down at the airport sir,\" he said. \"They'll be here as soon as they've unloaded all their equipment.\" He looked back over at the barricade. \"I just hope that they can get through.\" \"I'll radio the Prime Alpha to see if I can get additional powers to help deal with those damn reporters,\" Grawl said, as he started walking across the lawn towards the pod. \"Along with more than just reinforcements.\" He stopped before the fence and glanced over at the poll with the rectangular brightly coloured cloth at one end. It had seven horizontal red stripes and six white stripes. In the corner was a blue rectangle that contained fifty-three stars. \"What do you make of it sir?\" The Captain asked. \"Looks like they got here first.\" The General slightly nodded. \"So how far behind are the others?\" The rain was beginning to ease as Lem walked in through the front doors of the Planetarium. The entrance hall was eerily quiet as he closed the doors behind him. His feet squeaked loudly on the polished floor while crossing over to the large closet that served as - what Lem considered - his office here. Unlocking it, he opened it to see all his personal belongings inside, just as he'd left them. There was a new addition to his office — a schedule on a clipboard. The top of the sheet held his name and a few scribbled notes that told him what the Professor wanted him to do. Organise the day's paperwork. Clean up the main lobby floor and the auditorium. Organise, and rotate the major pictures for display. It was nothing more than janitors work. But it was still working at the Planetarium, Lems dream. And as far as he was concerned, that was perfectly fine and dandy with him. Behind the clipboard, was the eight by ten photo of Nerra. He'd hung that there ever since he'd started work here. A hand felt the spot where she'd kissed him before he leaned over and kissed the photo, square on the lips. \"Thanks for believing in me,\" he whispered. The phone in Professor Oglos's office suddenly rang. He ran across the floor, unlocking the door, and rushed across the office, barely picking up the phone. \"Hello, you've reached the Glipforg Planetarium, Professor Oglos's Office, Lem speaking?\" \"Lem?\" It was the Professor himself. \"I was right. I knew you'd be at work today.\" \"I meant what I said, sir,\" Lem answered. \"I'm dedicated to...\" \"No, no,\" the professor interrupted. \"I'm not talking about your reputation Lem; I'm talking about the alien invasion.\" \"Oh,\" Lem said. \"Well, alien invasion or not, I'm still dedicated to the job, sir.\" \"Nice to hear,\" the professor answered. \"But I don't think we'll be getting any people in today. With the streets with clogged and everyone trying to evacuate. I'm closing the Planetarium until further notice.\" \"Oh,\" Lem almost crushed the phone in anger. \"Well, can I at least clean up for when we do open up again, sir?\" \"Very well,\" The professor said. \"But make sure you lock everything up before you leave.\" Then he hung up leaving only the beep-beeping of the disengaged single. Lem slowly put the phone down, before he screamed in frustration. \"Damn, everything was so well too.\" He shook his head and sighed. \"I suppose everything can't go right for you during an alien invasion.\" He took a deep breath. \"I haven't lost my job; just temporarily off duty for a while.\" He took a few more deep breaths and smiled. \"Ahh, that's better.\" While in community service at the Planetarium, he'd attended his anger management courses and learned a few things about keeping his temper under control. \"Grey skies are gonna clear up,\" Lem sang as he waltzed back to his office. \"Put on a happy face.\" He paused in mid-stride. Lem had the sneaking suspicion that he had forgotten something. He racked his brain, trying to remember. Was it something on the work schedule? His eyes fell on the cleaning products that were stationed by the double doors that lead into the auditorium, and he sighed; of course. Four weeks ago, Skiff had shown up at the Planetarium with Eckle, much to Lem's annoyance, and during one of Professor Oglos's lectures on Space, the Universe, and Everything, Skiff had rather rudely interjected when the subject of alien life cropped up. Skiff, proving what a waste of consuming natural resources he was, launched into one of his usual government cover-up theories on Base 9 and the man-eating aliens that they contained. His in-depth graphic details on alien digestive systems led to one kid losing his lunch and Skiff getting banned for life from the Planetarium. It's taken the better half of the day to remove the vomit from the carpet, but the smell still lingered. The auditorium looked rather funny ever since whenever they had a full house, as standing on the podium, you could see a large hole in the crowd, as people sat in the aisle, not wanting to go near the area. At that point, he'd been trying desperately to get on the Professor's good side, and because Skiff and Eckle were friends, it led to some misunderstanding between the Professor and Lem as to his relationship with Skiff. It'd nearly cost him the Professor's trust. Just one of the many reasons Lem hated Skiff. On the brighter side, at least both he and the Professor had something that they hated in common. The lights in the auditorium weren't working as Lem entered, carrying the buckets of cleaning products. Grumbling in frustration, Lem headed for the power box, and flipped it open, to see what was wrong. To his horror, someone had removed the cover along with the insides; leaving the whole thing gutted. \"What the Pit?\" Lem snarled. He went back to his closet and fetched a flashlight. Returning, he shone it around the auditorium. Over in the far corner, lay the insides of the power box, alongside a sheet of some sorts. Lem frowned. He slowly walked over and examined the mess. It was a light bluish blanket laying atop some rugs from the basement. It looked like a nest of some sorts. There were also a few cushions, and a large white bulky box-shaped object, laying off to one side. Laying near the remains of the power box was an open suitcase, full of arcane objects that Lem couldn't even recognise. He picked up a device from the open case and looked at it. Rounded and smooth, it was small and glowed with a strange green colour. It was cold to the touch. He put it down and began to sift through the other things in the case. There was a clicking sound behind him. Lem turned the flashlight around right into the face of a large white object. Something in front of him reflected his torchlight at him, and he lowered it slightly. For the first time in his life, Lem knew what it meant to have your heart 'Skip a Beat.' It was the alien. Its dome-like head with reflective visor was instantaneously recognisable. It was standing behind him a few feet, holding something in quivering hands; A small black object that looked way too small for its thick hands to be holding. Lem dropped his flashlight, and it fell to the floor to roll away under the seats. Darkness momentarily returned, and Lem couldn't see the creature in as much detail as he had before. The moment the light fell, the creature flinched. There was a loud, sharp bang and a bright flash of light exploded from the small black object in his hand. Something whizzed past Lem at an impossible speed, and he screamed. The creature roared out something and stumbled backwards, tripping over its thick legs. Lem scrambled to his feet and ran down the aisle, only to smack his knee on an armrest, because he couldn't see where he was going in the dark. He groaned loudly, as he stumbled around. Damn it, where was the flashlight? He squinted in the darkness, and saw the beam of light, from under a chair further back. Slowly, he crawled along carefully looking about for any sign of the alien. He had to get the flashlight if he was to find the exit and get out of here. Finally, he reached the light and grabbed it. Or rather, something with a silky soft feel to it. Lem looked up, and in the darkness, he could make out the reflective visor, staring him in the face. He screamed again, yanking his hand away. The creature roared back and flung it's hand about wildly. Lem was about to crawl away when he realised it had let go of the flashlight. He grabbed it, just as the alien made another attempt to get it. Lem recoiled in horror, and struck out at the creature, smashing its hand with the light. It roared again, as it pulled back, clutching its hand. Lem realised he'd hurt it. Courage built up in him as his fingers tightened around the flashlight, and he swung it again, striking it across the face. That blow sent it reeling, and Lem followed through with a jab to the stomach. It doubled over, and Lem landed another punch on the back of its head, knocking it to the ground. He raised the light for another blow, but as he brought it down, the creature rolled away. It half crawled, half dragged it's self across the floor, as Lem followed raining blows down on it's back and legs. Finally, Lem backed it into a corner, where it curled in on its self. Lem stood back and then moved forward to finish it off when he stopped. The creature appeared to be shivering. Almost as if it were afraid. Lem lowered the light from a striking position and aimed the beam at it. It was now holding up its arms in self-defence. For the first time, Lem felt pity for it. Only for a moment. Lem raised the torch again and moved forward. It cringed, making a soft whimpering sound as it braced it's self for the coming attack, causing Lem to stop once again. The pity returned. Lem stopped in mid-thought. Was he feeling compassion for an invading alien ? He looked back down at the quivering form. If it were an invading alien, then the planet would have nothing to fear about if he managed to beat it with just a flashlight. He backed off, slowly, watching the creature as he did so. It watched him, though still ready to expect an attack. His foot stood on something hard and cold, and looking down; he saw the small black object that the alien had held. Lem quickly snatched it up, looking it over. It looked like a handgun. Short and smooth, with rounded edges; It seemed too small even for his hand. Looking back, the alien seemed somewhat distressed. Lem quickly pointed the thing at the creature, and it started quivering again, this time, putting both its hands into the air. For a moment, Lem just stood there, aiming the gun-thing at the alien. He didn't know what to do next? Call the Sheriff? How? He couldn't get to the phone. The alien, in turn, was studying him. The arms lowered as the creature leaned closer as if trying to make something out. Lem raised the gun towards it. Suddenly, it leapt at him. Lem cried out in alarm and pulled the trigger. Something clicked, and a long black object slid from the handle of the gun to fall to the floor. Lem had no chance to see what it was as the alien tackled him to the ground. Lem screamed for help as the alien's massive bulk threatened to smother him. The creature wrenched the weapon from his hand, and the alien got up, kicking Lem out of the way. He looked up at the alien as it picked up the thing that had fallen from the gun and stuck it back into the handle. It grabbed something on top of the weapon and sharply pulled it back; making a loud cocking sound. It looked at Lem, before taking aim and pulling the trigger. Nothing happened. There wasn't even a click. The alien grunted as it looked the gun over, before fiddling with something on the side. Lem didn't know what it was or what had happened. He saw that the alien was distracted, and he kicked out at its stomach. The alien saw this coming and moved so that Lem's kick landed square between its legs. The Alien shuddered violently at this blow and seemed to seize up. There was a low moaning sound before it fell to its knees then fell over, clutching the spot between its legs where Lem had kicked it. Lem scrambled backwards until he hit the wall. He lay there, breathing heavily from all the excitement, watching the alien, not moving, just making a low moaning sound. Had he fatally wounded it? Getting up, he slowly approached the creature and prodded it with the flashlight. It didn't move. Slowly, he reached out and touched it. The surface was smooth and cold. Lem rubbed his hand along the top, feeling the head until he noticed what looking like clips. He fiddled with one, and it sprung open. He leapt back. Wait a minute. He turned the body over, and precisely on the opposite side, was another one. His eyes widened as he realised this was a helmet. He could be the first person to see the alien in its natural form. Slowly, he reached out and flicked the clip. Nothing happened. He touched the helmet and wriggled it. It turned suddenly, and he jerked; the helmet came back with him. It took him a few seconds to realise he was holding it before he dropped it in shock. Slowly, he picked up the flashlight and shone it at what he thought was the creatures head. It was disgusting. Its skin was a horrible pinkish hue, and it had... fur !? Light orange coloured hair covered the top half of the head; Short and trimmed. It's face looked like a person, but there was a long organ of some sorts in the middle of its face between its eyes that had two holes in it. Whatever its function was, only those in the Rings knew for sure. Above its eyes was more of the orange fur instead of eyebrow mussels. Lem's curiosity got the better of him as he stepped closer, and grabbed the bottom of its chin, turning the face this way and that, both amazed and horrified at the creatures features. Its skin wasn't hard and cold, like an average person, but somewhat soft and warm; It was also very squishy. He nearly laughed when he found himself continuously pressing its face, watching the skin sink and rise. Suddenly, it's eyelids flung open, to reveal a pair of liquid blue eyes. Lem screamed out in horror as the creature screamed it's self. It sat up, feeling it's face where Lem had touched it. Then, it stopped screaming as something else came out from its mouth — a series of short controlled barking like sounds. Lem frowned. The creature saw the helmet, lying on its side. It picked it up and looked over at Lem, before launching into it's barking, growling and yapping sounds. The way its arms moved, along with the shoulders; It almost seemed annoyed at something. And the movements combined with the sounds came across as quite comical. One side of Lem's mouth turned up slightly as it reached over to rummage through its suitcase, pulling out object after object. Lem listened to it's barking and yapping noises. The slower ones sounded insanely like those cartoon characters he used to watch as a kid. His bottom lip quivered as a laugh tried to bubble up. The creature found what it was looking for, and then stuck it into the organ on its face, the one with the two holes, and breathed deeply. The snorting sound that followed sounded like someone breaking wind. Lem couldn't hold it any longer. Laughter erupted from his mouth, and he fell over backwards, holding his sides. He didn't know how long he'd been laughing for when he looked up; the alien was giving him a confused look. Well, at least it looked like the alien was confused. \"I'm sorry,\" Lem said with a chuckle. \"It's just that...\" He started laughing again. The creature looked at Lem, then back at the device it was using, before looking back to Lem. Finally, Lem was able to bring his laughter under control as he sat up. The alien was staring at him, it's hands on its hips, slightly shaking its head. It then gave a grunt which sounded like a question, to which Lem only shrugged. The alien placed a hand to its forehead and shook it slightly, and then it started it's barking sounds again, this time more softly as its hands gestured. Lem just blinked back at it. \"Sorry,\" he said holding up his hands, drawing the alien's attention. \"I don't speak alien.\" The creature said something, before repeating it. Lem gave it a confused look before it held out its hand and shook its head. It then pulled it's self up into a sitting position, and patted its chest. As it did this, it growled softly. Lem listened, as it repeated the sound. \"Chuck.\" It said. \"Chuck?\" Lem repeated. It nodded rather enthusiastic. \"Chuck?\" Lem mussed. It patted its chest with a hopeful expression. Suddenly Lem's eyes went wide. \" Oh ! Oh, it's... You're Chuck!\" He pointed at the alien. \"Chuck!\" It nodded. The alien's name was Chuck. \"Your name is Chuck,\" Lem said slowly. Then to his shock, the creature spoke. \"Your name is Chuck!\" Lem nearly did a double take. \"Yeah,\" Lem gasped. \"That's... what I just said.\" \"Yeah,\" Chuck repeated. \"That's... what I just said.\" Lem frowned. The alien... Chuck was repeating everything he was saying. Lem suddenly realised. It was trying to communicate. It was still looking back at Lem with an unreadable expression. Lem looked confused before he nodded. \"Oh right. My name.\" He patted his chest, much like Chuck had done, and said slowly, \"Lem.\" \"Lem,\" Chuck repeated. Lem nodded, and Chuck was silent for a moment. Then, he looked up, and as if thinking carefully, he said, \"your name is... Lem.\" \"Amazing.\" Lem gasped. Chuck had repeated what he'd said before, but adding Lem's name instead of his own. Chuck nodded, then it slowly reached over into the suitcase, and pulled out a rubber ball. Chuck held it up so that Lem could see it. Chuck gave a single, sharp yap; Lem frowned in confusion. Chuck repeated the sound then gave Lem an expectant look. Lem could only stare back in confusion. \"It's a ball?\" He asked. Chuck seemed annoyed. He sighed and shook his head. He slowly repeated the yap then gestured towards Lem. \"I don't understand?\" Lem said. \"What do you want?\" Chuck sighed loudly, then looked around. He grabbed the torch, and shone it around the room, before settling on a plaque that had a list of rules. He got up and walked over to the sign, gesturing for Lem to follow, which he did. Chuck pointed at the sign, and then said, \"Lem!\" Lem nodded. He pointed from Lem to the sign, then to himself. \"Chuck!\" He said. He said Lem's name again pointed at him, then to the sign, and back to himself and said his name. He then picked up a book, opened it, and mimed reading it. He repeated Lem's name, pointed at him, then the book, and at himself again saying his name. \" Oh !\" Lem cried out, pointing at Chuck. \"You want me to teach you my language!\" Chuck looked confused. \"Come with me!\" Lem said, gesturing for Chuck to follow. Lem exited the auditorium with Chuck in tow, as he took him into Professor Oglos's office. \"Sit,\" Lem said, pulling out a chair and pointing at it. \"Sit?\" Chuck asked. \"Sit,\" Lem repeated, and sat down in the chair. \"Sit!\" He said. Chuck's eyes widened. \"Sit!\" He cried, and sat down. Lem clasped his hands together and looked around the office. He then pointed at a lamp. \"Lamp.\" He said. Chuck repeated the word. He then picked it up. \"I hold lamp.\" Chuck mimicked the movement and repeated the sentence. Lem picked up item after item, pens, paper, books, a phone. Chuck pronounced all the worlds and the sentence structures that came with it. Chuck seemed confused at some times, but Lem was quick to correct him. Chuck seemed to lose most of his ridged posture for a more relaxed one as his first lesson in speaking began. Lem, on the other hand, was thinking not only about the lesson, but the future as well. An alien was one thing, but a talking alien which he captured. You couldn't even begin to name all the possibilities that could spring from that. He kept his smile hidden as he continued to teach Chuck. When all this was over, he was going to be rich and famous.[Chapter 3] General Grawl had only put down the phone, when the Captain arrived by his side. \"Sir,\" he gave a quick salute, \"The specialist team has finally arrived.\" \"Excellent,\" Grawl commented as he headed for the front door of the Korplog house, the Captain fell in beside him. \"What did the Prime Alpha say, sir?\" \"He couldn't promise to grant me more powers, but he did promise more men and more guns.\" Grawl answered as he exited into the light rain outside; pulling up the hood of his rain coat. \"He said he doesn't want to make the people too suspicious of us.\" Grawl scoffed. \"He wants the people to trust us.\" \"Are you okay sir?\" The Captain asked. \"You look a little steamed about something.\" \"Oh, just a guest we're getting,\" Grawl sighed. \"I've been informed by the Prime Alpha that I'm to be at his complete disposal.\" In the drive way, were three large airport vans, overflowing with luggage and equipment. A few soldiers were helping unpack, while some civilians where busy with the equipment, making sure the rain didn't damage any of it. 'They must be the specialists ,' Grawl mused to himself. Everyone of them, experts in their own fields. Electronics, physics, mathematics, linguists, exobiologists, and even an ethologist. He would've like to be happy to see them, but the majority would only be useful once the alien had been located and quarantined. The tech boys would be devouring the pod the moment they could get their rain gear unpacked. \"So who's this special guest sir?\" The Captain asked. \"And why is it you sound so...\" He trailed off, as he thought for a moment, then turned back to the General with a shocked expression. \"By the Rings, you don't mean...!\" \"Grawl,\" a high pitched voice called out. Grawl grimaced as he looked over at the spot by the fence where the flag was standing, seeing a rather short man wearing fedora hat, scarf and clenching a monocle between his right eye. He marched boldly up to the General almost hidden by the small umbrella he carried, looking him square in the eye as he spoke. \"I'd say it's a pleasure to see you again, but I'd rather spend the weekend with my ex-wife than admit to that!\" He came to a halt before the General and took off his monocle to clean it of water. \"Professor Kipple,\" Grawl said through clenched teeth. \"You're here.\" It wasn't exactly a question. \"Of course I'm here you Jabbering Jackanape,\" Kipple responded, putting his monocle back where it belonged. \"I won't bother with the formalities General, so let's just get on with our jobs, and maybe I won't have to put up with the hideous sculpture you call a face looking at me for any longer than necessary!\" The Captain rolled his eyes. \"We don't have the alien yet, professor,\" Grawl answered. \"So maybe you can rest inside one of the vacant houses for a while, where it's nice and warm, and dry.\" \"Well, what do you know!\" The professor exclaimed with exaggerated shock and a mock double take. \"You can come up with a brilliant idea.\" He pointed an accusing finger at the General. \"Don't let it go to your head.\" He then stepped to one side as if to walk past the General but came face to face with the Captain. \"Move it, you Frightful Fractious Frump!\" He snapped. The Captain stepped aside, allowing the professor to move on past, opening the front door to the Kroplog house and slamming it with a loud bang behind him. Grawl looked at the closed door with a dull surprise. \"But that's... Where I'm...\" He grunted loudly; the Captain shook his head in disgust. \"Great, off all the exobiologists in all the world, we get the Miserable Mental Midget,\" the Captain snarled. \"Kipple may be an eccentric egomaniac, Captain,\" Grawl said, \"But he's the best we've got.\" He then gritted his teeth. \"He's also in complete control of the Alien, once we capture it.\" The Captain looked shocked. \"You mean, we'll have to take orders from him?!\" Grawl didn't even bother answering that question. Instead, he just said, \"I want a new house,\" before he spun off and walked away. The Captain's attention was diverted to the front entrance to the Korplog house as it was suddenly flung open. \"Uthlop!?\" Kipple shouted. \"Where are my bags!?\" \"Coming professor!\" A young, tall man cried out, as he hurried across the yard, two overly stuffed suitcases slung under his arms. The light rian ran down in streams across the window outside. Every now and then, the window would be struck with a sudden heavy spattering which echoed within the room. Lem ignored it as he once again corrected Chuck with his sentence structures. Words were coming to him slowly, and sentences even slower, but it still progressed. Chuck was determined to get it right no matter how long it took him. \"Chuck want water?\" Lem asked. \"Yes,\" Chuck answered as Lem handed him a glass. \"Thanking you,\" Chuck answered, taking the glass. He drank heavily from the glass, finishing it off quickly. \"Thirsty?\" Lem asked. \"Thirsty?\" Chuck quizzed. He thought about it before looking at the empty glass; he realised what Lem meant. \"Yes, Chuck thirsty.\" He pulled at the collar of his big white suit. \"Heat,\" he said, as he stood up and pulled down a zipper on his suit. Lem watched with wide eyes as Chuck then pulled both sides of the suit down, and stepped out. Underneath he wore a dark blue jumpsuit that covered not only his torso but waist and legs. \"Why the Pit do you cover your legs?\" Lem asked off the cuff. Chuck stopped to look at Lem with a quizzed expression. He asked something in his language before shaking his head. \"No understand!\" He said. Lem pointed at his legs. \"Legs.\" He said slowly. Chuck repeated the words and the gesture before his eyes widened and he repeated the words, obviously understanding it. Lem then grabbed Chuck's white suit and used it to hide his legs. \"Hide.\" He said, making sure Chuck watched him. He took the suit away. \"Not hide.\" He repeated this a few times before Chuck finally realised what he meant. \"Hide legs?\" Chuck asked, and Lem nodded; Chuck laughed. \"Cold.\" He said. \"Legs, not heat. Cold.\" He then patted the leg coverings. \"Not hide legs. Chuck cold.\" He then gave a quirky expression. \"Not hide legs. Funny.\" From what Lem could decipher, if he didn't cover his legs with cloth, Chuck would get cold. He wasn't sure what that last sentence meant. What would be so funny about not hiding their legs? Pushing that thought aside, Lem began thinking about something else. This thing with the leg coverings was not only strange; it was interesting. Adding up from what little he knew about biology, he realised that Chuck is warm-blooded, not cold-blooded like ordinary people. Lem rubbed his chin. \"Fascinating,\" he murmured. Another thought crossed Lem's mind. \"Chuck?\" He waited until he was sure the alien was paying attention to him. \"Chuck,\" Lem said pointing to him. He then pointed at the ground and asked, \"here?\" He then shrugged. Chuck looked confused, so Lem repeated it. Chuck still didn't get it. \"Chuck know not.\" He said. \"Here?\" He pointed at the ground. Lem waved his arms in the air around him. \"Here,\" Lem said. \"Chuck... here?\" \"Here?\" Chuck's eyes widened. \"Here! Big! See! Chuck come see...!\" He stumbled a bit. He then mimed someone looking around, surveying something. \"Chuck come here... Good.\" \"Good?\" Lem asked. \"Good!\" Chuck repeated. \"Lem good. Chuck good. Here, good.\" Suddenly, it hit Lem. Chuck was trying to explain why he came to the Planetarium. Good, big, and see. Chuck was miming someone looking into the distance. Chuck must've come here because it gave a view of the whole town so he could see what was going on. So did that mean that the 'good' comment indicated Chuck believed the Planetarium to be safe? Interesting, but it was not the question Lem had asked. \"No, Chuck, no,\" Lem said. He picked up a ball and placed it on the desk. Lem moved a coffee cup to the other side of the desk. He then picked up the pen and held it up to Chuck. \"Chuck,\" he said, pointing at the alien and then at the pen. \"Chuck.\" He then placed the pen on top of the ball and lifted it off like a rocket. He then arched the pen through the air and coming down at the coffee cup. \"Here,\" Lem said. He then turned to the alien and gave the shrugging motion. \" Here !\" Chuck almost shouted it, as he finally realised the question Lem was trying to ask. \"Chuck come here. Chuck see! Chuck see Lem...!\" He trailed off as he struggled to find words. Lem was surprised. \"You came to see me?\" Chuck was confused, but he shook his head, realising he didn't get the answer across. He pushed past Lem to grab the ball and pen. \"Chuck,\" he said, repeating the arching movement of the pen from the ball to the coffee cup. \"Chuck come here.\" He pointed at the ball. \"Chuck.\" He then pointed at the coffee cup. \"Lem.\" \"Oh, planets!\" Lem said. \"Chuck come here, see Lem oh planets!\" Chuck said. Lem gave a small laugh and corrected Chuck. \"Chuck come to see Lem's Planet,\" Chuck repeated the same sentence Lem had said. \"Why?\" Lem asked. When Chuck didn't respond, he shrugged. A motion Chuck had quickly picked up on. \"Why,\" Chuck tasted the word; then said, \"See. See Lem's planet.\" He looked about the room. He pointed at the desk. \"See desk!\" He pointed at the ball. \"See ball.\" He pointed at the window. \"See window.\" He turned back to Lem and gave a huge sag of his shoulders. \"See all.\" \"Explore...\" The word flowed off Lem's tongue. Chuck repeated the word. Lem mimed someone picking up objects and examining them. \"Explore.\" \"Yes. Chuck explore.\" He then placed his head in his hand and sighed loudly, before launching into his alien dialect. Lem managed to calm him down before Chuck tried talking once more. \"Bad. Many Chuck am bad!\" As he spoke, he pointed at the ceiling. \"Am bad?\" Lem asked. Chuck nodded. \"Lem's. Many Lem's, here. Many Chuck's, know not. Many Chuck's know not, many Lem's here.\" He pointed at the ground. \"Many Chuck's am bad.\" Lem scratched his head at that response. \"Your, people didn't know my kind were here!?\" Lem asked. Chuck just cocked his head to one side. Slowly, he said, \"Chuck's people, know not, Lem's people here?\" \"People,\" Chuck said. He then pointed at Lem. \"People?\" Lem nodded. Chuck thought for a moment, then did a double take, before he pointed at himself. \"Human.\" He said. \"Human?\" Lem said. Chuck pointed at himself. \"Human,\" he then pointed at Lem. \"People.\" Lem nodded. Chuck returned the nod, then slowly added, \"Humans know not, people's here.\" \"You mean you had no idea we were here!?\" Chuck looked confused before Lem repeated it in words Chuck could understand. Chuck nodded, and Lem burst out laughing. \"Humans see... not people.\" He seemed to be stumbling over the words. \"Humans see... not.\" He shrugged. \"Not.\" \"See not?\" Lem frowned. What did that mean? \"Humans see not. Know not people's here. Humans am bad.\" That confused Lem. 'Humans am bad?' Lem thought for a moment, then came up with an idea. \"Do you mean, humans made a mistake?\" Chuck looked at Lem, and Lem picked up the coffee cup and pretended to drink from it, only to accidentally drop it at the last moment. Lem then mimed surprise before looking up at Chuck and pointing at the fallen cup. \"Mistake!\" Lem said. \"Yes!\" Chuck said. \"Humans made mistake. Know not people's here. Humans see not. Mistake.\" He then chuckled as he pointed at Lem. \"See people's. Chuck... Surprise. Chuck run. Come here!\" He frowned. \"People's... Chuck.\" He pretended to shoot a gun. \"Bad. Chuck know not why? Chuck run. Run here.\" It was Lem's turn to burst out laughing. Chuck looked surprised. \"Eckle,\" Lem said between gasps for breath. \"That was my little brother.\" \"Ec-kle?\" Chuck asked while he mimed the shooting action. Lem nodded. \"Eckle bad?\" Chuck asked. \"No, no!\" Lem interrupted. \"Eckle, Good. Eckle funny.\" This choice of words seemed to confuse Chuck even more. Lem sighed. \"How am I going to explain the concept of family to you?\" \"Lem?\" Both were startled by the sudden voice from outside. \"Oh Pit!\" Lem snarled as he recognised the voice. \"It's Dad.\" Then he added, \"What's he doing here!?\" \"Dad?\" Chuck asked. \"Dad bad?\" \"No,\" Lem said, \"No, Dad good! Dad...\" He waved the question away in frustration, unable to find the words to explain it properly. \"Chuck... Hide!\" Lem said Chuck nodded, as he suddenly grabbed the space suit and covered his legs with it. Lem snarled in frustration and pushed Chuck away from the office door. \"No! Hide Chuck, not hide legs!\" Lem quickly left Chuck standing by the professor's desk, and then exited the office. Lem Dad was standing in the main entrance of the Planetarium, holding an umbrella in one hand. He looked over at the office as Lem exited, carefully closing the door behind him. \"Hey dad,\" Lem said, walking over to his father, \"What's up? Why are you here?\" His father sighed in relief, then said, \"I'm here because of your worried mother; that's why!\" \"What?\" Lem did a double take, then slapped his forehead in frustration. \"Arrrggh! I was supposed to call her when I got here!\" \"Exactly,\" his father replied. \"When you didn't call, she started to panic. She tried ringing here, but with all the phone lines jammed, that made her even more worried; she was starting to get a little hysterical!\" Lem moaned in frustration. His mother was always like that. \"So I told her that I'd drive over to check up on you, and that calmed her down.\" He paused. \"A little.\" \"Jeez, I'm sorry dad,\" Lem apologised. \"I just got caught up in work, and... I lost track of time.\" He threw his arms up in the air in defeat. \"The moment I got here, Professor Olgos rang, and told me the place would be shutting down until further notice, and I was a little steamed at that, then I figured I'd do some work and...\" \"Slow down,\" his father interrupted, \"You're rambling.\" He sighed. \"Well, I'm just glad you're alright; let's call your mother.\" He looked around. \"Where's a phone?\" \"The office-\" Lem said as he thumbed towards the professor's office and cut himself off, but it was already too late as his father made a beeline for the office. \"Wait! Dad, no!\" His father stopped dead in his tracks. \"What's wrong?\" \"Umm,\" Lem looked for an excuse. \"The phones not working.\" His father gave him a puzzled look. \"But I thought you said the Professor called you?\" \"Uh, did I?\" Lem asked. His father's look became one of suspicion. \"What's wrong?\" He asked. \"I... don't know,\" Lem replied. His dad gave him a hard look. \"Did you do something in there?\" He asked. \"No, dad, I haven't stolen anything!\" The look hardened even more. \"I didn't accuse you of stealing anything, Lem.\" He turned at pushed open the door with a determined look. \"What's in here?\" \"Dad wait !\" Lem cried out, pushing past his father as they both bowled into the office. It was empty. Chuck was gone. \"What?\" His father demanded. \"I'm getting a bizarre sense of deja vu here, Lem; like the good ol' days!\" He crossed his arms, and Lem could see the anger rising in his face. \"What have you done, and don't you dare lie to me!\" \"Uh,\" Lem looked around the office. What had happened to Chuck? Well, he was hiding, but where? \"Well, uhh...\" Lem trailed off, unable to think of a lie; Or at least a credible one. His father tapped his foot with impatience, before looking around the room. \"I'm waiting?\" \"I just... Well, I... Don't know,\" Lem muttered. \"Got something you shouldn't have?\" His father demanded. Lem just stared blankly back at him. \"Fine,\" his father said, stalking towards the cupboard. \"Then let's have a look around, shall we?\" \"Dad, no !\" Lem shouted. His father turned to face his son, his hand on the doorknob. \"Uhhh, yeah, dad,\" Lem turned to face his father. He'd finally come up with a good lie that he knew would get his father to leave the office. \"I have tobacco.\" His father's face turned deadly. \"Tobacco?!\" He nearly shouted. \"Lem you told me you weren't keeping that stuff any more!\" Lem hurried over to the professor's desk, to the middle draw on the right, where the professor kept his tobacco. He sighed as he pulled open the drawer, and took out the neatly wrapped contraband and gave it to his father. His dad snatched from his hand and glared down at it. \"Is this what you were staying back here for?\" His father demanded. \"No, dad!\" Lem said, \"I'm not lying about wanting to hang around here and work. I love this place; that's the truth.\" \"Just like the truth that you'd given this stuff up?\" he waved it right under Lem's face. \"Yes, I mean no!\" Lem cried out. \"Look... It was just a one-off thing, dad. I swear!\" His father gave him a long hard look. For half a minute, no one moved. \"Come straight back home after you've finished here, Lem,\" he said as he stalked towards the office door. \"We'll finish this discussion then.\" He turned to look at his son as he opened the door. \"With your mother!\" Lem winced, as the door slammed shut. He just stood there, listening to the sound of his father's footsteps receding away, and finally, the main door closing. For a few minutes, he just stood there. Something touched his right leg, and Lem screamed, jumping backwards. Chuck was behind him, half behind the desk, with a concerned look on his face. So that's where Chuck had been hiding. Under the big oak desk. \"Dad, go?\" Chuck asked. \"Yeah,\" Lem snarled, \"Dad, go!\" He stalked over to the door and left the office. He walked a few feet, before kicking an empty metal buck clear across the room where it landed on the steps, before bouncing back down. Lem threw his head back and cursed as loudly as he could. His whole body then sagged, before he shuffled over to sit on the stairs, kicking the back out of the way once again. \"Lem?\" He looked up to see Chuck looking out from the office. \"Lem good?\" He asked. \"No!\" Lem snapped back. \"Not good. Lem not good.\" Chuck nervously laced his fingers together, before slowly walking over to Lem. \"Dad, bad?\" \"No, dad not bad!\" Lem snapped. \"Dad...\" He swiped at the air in frustration. \"Oh, what do you care! You're just an alien. How could you possibly know what I've been through!?\" Chuck hesitated a little. \"Chuck... know Lem... good.\" He said. Lem blinked in surprise. \"Did you... Understand everything I just said?\" Chuck shrugged his shoulders, and it was then Lem realised he'd already taught the meaning of the word, 'Know' to Chuck. \"Chuck know Lem good. Lem good teach. Lem good... to...? Chuck!\" Lem just scoffed loudly, before blowing a tentacle out of his face. \"Lem hide Chuck. Lem good!\" \"I guess I am,\" Lem muttered. \"But for once, I'd like to hear that coming for my folks.\" He jumped to his feet and started pacing. \"For once, just once , I wish dad could say, that he's proud of me, or at least tell me what a great job I'm doing.\" He paused, before turning back to stare long and hard at Chuck. \"Why the Pit did I hide you from him?\" \"Hide Chuck?\" Chuck asked. \"Lem good.\" \"So you say,\" Lem laughed. \"I could've shown him to you, he could've called the army, they would've come and taken you away, and I'd probably be a hero.\" He laughed again, before turning back to Chuck. \"Why didn't I?\" \"Why?\" Chuck looked nervous and confused. \"Chuck know not! Lem...?\" \"Lem just ranting,\" he replied, walking back over to his seat on the steps. Chuck repeated the 'ranting' word followed with a gesture that indicated he was looking for a translation. For a split second, Lem thought about just replying with a rude gesture but quickly decided against it; partly for fear, Chuck might mistake the word with the gesture. \"Oh, just forget it,\" Muttered getting up. \"Look, I'd better finish up what I was supposed to do in the first place; then I'd better get home.\" He paused as his face sagged. \"To my funeral.\" He picked up the empty bucket and headed back to his cupboard office. Chuck watched him go with a worried look. \"Lem... Teach Chuck now?\" He asked. \"Not now,\" Lem snapped back, causing Chuck to take a step back. Lem sighed. \"Look, Chuck good. Lem... Lem angry.\" \"Angry?\" Chuck said. His face snapped back to Lem as if it suddenly dawned on him. \"Lem... angry at... Chuck...?\" \"No,\" Lem sighed. He placed a hand on Chuck's shoulder and patted it reassuringly. \"Lem not angry at Chuck; Chuck good. Lem...\" he trailed off, unable to find the explanation. \"Angry at dad...?\" It was Chuck who said that. For a while, Lem wasn't sure how to respond to that. He was angry at his father. But he knew it was his actions that got him into this mess in the first place. \"Lem... Angry at Lem.\" He said — that confused Chuck. \"Chuck know not,\" he said. \"Of cause you know not,\" Lem snarled. \"So would you just stop interrogating me and let me do my job!\" Chuck cringed visibly. \"Sorry, Chuck,\" Lem said as he headed for the auditorium. \"Lem has to work now. Do you understand? Work.\" Chuck tilted his head to one side. \"Sorry?\" He asked. \"Work?\" \"Work,\" Lem said, \"Chuck, watch! Chuck watch Lem work.\" Lem said as he headed into the auditorium. Chuck sat in the far corner, as he watched Lem go about cleaning the vomit spot. He had come up close while Lem was working but quickly left after the smell of the detergents proved too much. Eventually, Lem finished all his work, with Chuck in the background scrutinising him with an eerie interest. He would squat in the distance, occasionally writing something down, or pointing a strange and small black box at him, that looked kind of like a TV camera; yet small enough to be concealed almost entirely in Chuck's hand. After he packed everything away, Chuck finally came over to Lem and asked him in the best sentences he could string together if Lem were going to continue their language lessons. Lem had calmed down somewhat and politely told Chuck that he had to go home; or what he had hoped he'd translated as home. As Lem left the building, he wasn't sure if Chuck thought that Lem was going home or to make a nest as Chuck had. Chuck had seemed slightly nervous about Lem leaving, but had calmed down somewhat after Lem assured him he would be back tomorrow to continue their lessons. Lem couldn't help but wonder what Humans used for beds, or even if they had them. The rain had finally stopped, and the now visible sun was starting to go down behind the hills as Lem mounted his bike and rode for home. He pushed the thought out of his mind as he left the Planetarium behind, and began to focus on other problems; like the one, he was going to have when he got home. With a flick of a switch, the lights surrounding the alien pod flickered to life, bathing the craft in a bright white glow. \"Annnd, we have light!\" A technician cried throwing both his arms into the air in triumph. The alien pod was now cordoned off with a barb wire electric fence and surrounded by soldiers armed with both anti-personal and anti-armour weapons. Lights lit the whole area up, giving a daylight view of the pod and the area surrounding it. Grawl watched as the specialists were allowed back into the fenced off section, to examine the pod once again. More importantly, the small hexagon shaped box on the side of the craft; the one with the strange yellow and black symbol. They all wore protective suits, for they all knew what lay within. Radioactive material. That meant a nuclear reactor powered the ship. It wasn't anything new. There were nuclear power plants all up and down the west coast that were far more powerful than the one on the alien pod. That's what bothered Grawl. It wasn't the fact he was standing just a few feet away from a potential atomic bomb; but what it represented. People could easily construct such a devise that could produce precisely the same sort of power output, but the result would take up a multileveled building. And here he was, looking at the same thing, that could fit into the back of a car boot. The technicians were having a field day; opening this and that. They'd managed to pull open one of the control panel's inside the pod, and they spent the rest of the day taking back and forth at impossibly high speeds about the level of sophistication involved. The onboard computers could do practically everything but the laundry; The machines themselves were even more unbelievable. Grawl probably understood one in eleven words that were spoken by the Tech's, but from what he could gather, their computer's were even smaller than he thought possible. The specialist's whose purpose was to examine the pod probably wouldn't be sleeping for at least three days; Too excited over everything the ship had to offer. Grawl sighed and wished he could share their enthusiasm. But he saw the big picture, the whole picture, not just what sat on somebodies front lawn. Two men were busy running a Geiger counter over the atomic section of the pod and marvelling at the almost non-existent level of radioactivity that could be picked up. A few of the engineers were climbing in and out of the pod, sometimes carrying arcane objects or cameras; the source of the constant flashes from within the craft — all of them doing what they were sent here to do. Grawl had wanted to wait until they could transport the Pod back to Base 9, but with all heavy transport vehicles within at least three days travel of Glipforg tied up, it would have to wait. Until then, the pod would have to stay where it was, in plain sight. \"What marvellous creatures that they must be!\" Grawl turned his head and to his surprise, realised that Kipple was standing just a few feet from him. He was observing the pod as a child might with a giant chocolate cake. \"Professor?\" Grawl asked. \"Yes, yes, I know you're there, General,\" Kipple interrupted, not bothering to look at him. \"Don't worry; I'm not going to insult you. When I'm in my happy place, I usually am more sympathetic to people.\" He took a few steps towards the Pod. \"To be able to come so far in such a short time space with their technology, and yet...\" he trailed off. Grawl sighed; Kipple was spacing out again. Nothing new there. \"I can't wait to get a good look at its brain.\" Kipple clapped both his hands together. \"Professor,\" Grawl said, \"The Prime Alpha has instructed me to recover the alien alive, and that it is not to harmed.\" \"I know, I know,\" Kipple waved the comment away without even looking at the General. \"But considering your profession, I would hardly expect you to be able to contemplate that with today's technology, we can look at its brain without having to take it out.\" He turned to face Grawl this time. \"Relax, General, I won't harm it; why would I?\" He looked over at the reactor. \"Small, but extremely powerful.\" He spun back to Grawl, a determined look in his eye. Grawl knew that look all too well. \"Could you imagine it, General? We, with our superior brains compared with all known life, can be outdone by mammals with brains half our size!?\" Grawl only slightly nodded. So Kipple understood the big picture as well. \"I understand perfectly well, professor,\" he responded. Kipple nodded in response. Usually, such a comment from the General all but begged for an insult; but not now. \"So what else are they capable of?\" Before either of them could answer, they were distracted by a kid, possibly seventeen, pushing his bike up the driveway, an army issued ID tag around his neck. He watched the two men with interest and they watched him. He slowly pushed his bike past them, and into the garage, which was full of radio equipment, scanners, and even a small portable radar transmitter. Lem had to leave his bike outside the garage, mainly because there was no room inside for this bike, despite its small size. He stole one last look at the two men, one very tall and the other very short, standing in his driveway; eyeing him with suspicious glances. It almost gave him the feeling they knew about his relationship with Chuck or the trouble he was in with his folks. He nodded and gave a quick smile, before walking in through the front door. \"Watch out!\" Lem barely managed to leap aside as some tall guy rushed past him. \"What the-!?\" Lem looked around, to see boxes piled up in the living room. Soldiers were busy tapping some of them up, while others were taking the sealed ones out the back. \"Well,\" Lem sighed, \"I guess we jumped on the bandwagon.\" \"Not exactly,\" Lem turned to see his father carrying a box. \"We're just moving until the army gives the all clear. We're not leaving town.\" Lem just nodded. \"We're moving to the new housing development east of the park,\" his father said, \"until it's deemed safe to come back here. Most of this stuff is just going into storage, not coming with us.\" \"Right,\" Lem said, \"Do you want me to help?\" \"No, no,\" his father said with the shake of his head. \"Your mother and I wish to have a lengthy discussion with you; in the kitchen.\" Lem grimaced and shuffled into the kitchen, his father right behind. It was as Lem suspected; a dressing down. His mother just shook her head and didn't say a word, while his father did all the ranting. The thing that hurt him the most was his mother's silence. Hysterical screaming he could take, but the expression on her face - betrayal. But what could he say? 'Hey Mom, Dad, I've been hiding the alien that everyone's looking for.' It was too late, to tell the truth now, and especially with all the army personnel present; he might end up in jail. So instead he just took it up the rear. He honestly thought he was going to get grounded, but he wasn't. Possibly because his folks knew that in the past that had meant as much as dirt to him, and since they believed he was slipping back into his old habits, he would ignore that order too. Just as well; Neera. He was still going out with her. And there was Chuck. How was he going to work this one out? His dad knew the place was closed down until further notice, so how could he convince his folks that he wasn't up to no good? It would be impossible. His dad would most likely suspect something right away and ground him. So what could he do? He'd promised Chuck he would be back tomorrow to help with more teaching. Chuck. He smiled as he found his thoughts drifting back to the alien. As a child, Lem had spent some time, staring up at the Great Rings, pretending that he could touch them, and the stars beyond. He'd spent the better half of a year, working in a field that would allow him to study the rings; and those twinkling stars beyond. Now one of those stars was here, stranded and dependent on him. He shook his head. No, he was doing this for himself. Once he was ready, he'd get a hold off one of the hundred news stations that were here and show off Chuck to the whole world. Everyone would want to know about the kid who captured the alien. Maybe even sell the movie rights. Lem grinned. But there was something else. Something, nagged at the back of Lem's mind; making him feel bad. He frowned. Was he feeling guilty about his plans for Chuck? \"He's just an alien,\" Lem muttered. \"Why should I care?\" He thought about what he'd said. Did he care about Chuck? And why didn't he tell his father the truth? Lem grunted loudly, as he readied himself for bed. The streets were eerily quiet that night; deserted of all life. A few leaves tumbled head over heels as they blew down the road. The houses were dark and empty; many were boarded up with wooden planks. Over the whistle of the wind, a small whirring sound echoed down the street. A strange rectangular box-shaped object on wheels weaved across the main road as it drove down the street, it's sphere like head turning from side to side, observing the many empty houses that lined the street on either side. It stopped at a 'T' intersection and looked both ways, before heading off to the right. It screeched to a halt as the radio antenna on it's back suddenly rose into the air. The creature cocked it's round head to one side as it began to pick up radio signals. C:ATTEMPTEING RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION FAILED… PLEASE STAND BY The onboard AI calculated the information before recording a few segments of the radio transmission and storing it on its hard drive. It then continued down the road observing the empty houses; stopping now and then to record the many radio transmission's that its antenna could pick up. As it rose up a hill, it came within full view of the town below and stopped. Its antenna was picking up a new transmission. Something different. Something familiar. It turned its whole body towards the source of the broadcast; overlooking the entire town, stood a sizeable dome-shaped building situated high up on a hill. A large telescope protruded from its roof aimed directly up at the night sky. The creature's lens zoomed in on the telescope, and watched, as it moved slightly. The signal increased in strength. C:ATTEMPTEING RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION… C:RECOGNITION SUCCESSFUL… STAND BY FOR INDENTIFICATION… C:INDENTIFICATION CODE: 'ODYSSEY' Odyssey. The instant the word computed it set off a chain reaction within the creature's central possessor. C:MEMORY BANKS... C:MEMORY BANKS... LOADING... LOADING... C:LOADING SUCCESSFUL... STAND BY FOR REBOOTING... C:ATTEMPTEING REBOOTING PROCEDURE… C:REBOOTING… C:REBOOTING… C:REBOOTING… C:REBOOTING SUCCESSFUL… PLEASE STAND BY WHILE HARDWARE RELOADS The creature abruptly shut down, collapsing in the street, while faint lights flickered within. Then, its single lens like eye flashed; followed by a slow and steady hum that built up to series of struggling whining sounds; and just as it all started, it abruptly stopped. The creature then jolted it's head up. It looked again over in the direction of the domed building, before turning about, and zooming straight for it. C:LOADING SUCCESSFUL... IDENTIFICATION CODE: 'ODYSSEY' C:STAND BY FOR INSTRUCTIONS... LOADING... LOADING... C:LOADING SUCCESSFUL... MOUNT C H:MISSION H:MISSIONDIR/W DIRECTORY OF H:MISSION [PROTOCA~1] RUNDATA1.000 RUNDATA2.000 RUNDATA3.000 RUNDATA4.000 10 FILE(S) 24,348,325 BYTES. 1 DIR(S) 110,540,800 BYTES FREE. H: H:[PROTOCA~1] H:LOADING SUCCESSFUL... PLEASE STAND BY... It began to run over the orders that came up, drinking in every detail, until it encountered something that confused it. H:[PROTOCA~1] _SPCORDR~ 'Special Orders.' It stopped in its tracks as it attempted to open the file; accompanied by a low humming sound. H:[PROTOCA~1] _SPCORDR~ ... PLEASE STAND BY... H:LOADING... H:SYSTEMS_ERRORH:SPCORDR~ ... ACCESS DENIED. The humming sound was abruptly cut off, but the creature didn't care. Its AI was programmed to explore and learn. Studying unidentified programming within its software was an oversight its creators failed to contemplate. Once again, the humming sound began to build up. H:[PROTOCA~1] _SPCORDR~ ... PLEASE STAND BY... H:LOADING... LOADING... LOADING... H:SYSTEMS_ERRORH:SPCORDR~ ... ACCESS DENIED. H:[PROTOCA~1] _SPCORDR~ ... PLEASE STAND BY... H:LOADING... LOADING... ERROR ERROR ERRORERRORERROR00001010101101001 The creature shook violently, accompanied by a high pitched screech and went into a rearward end to end spin, which caught it by surprise. As its uncontrolled flight came to an abrupt end by smashing into a trash can, it quickly computed that the program which it was trying to activate had a security lock on it, in case somebody wanted to access it without proper clearance. The attempt at hacking had caused a malfunction in its gyroscopic programming; causing a temporary loss of control. It's own self-preservation orders kicked in, and it now knew not to try that again; should something far much worse happen. Those special orders would have to wait until proper clearance was authorised. It looked back up at the domed building, before driving off in that direction.[Chapter 4] There was a knock at the door. Lem blinked the sleep out of his eyes, before sitting up. The door opened before he could even permit it to do so. His father looked through the door. \"We're getting ready to leave.\" He said. \"I want you downstairs in five minutes to help load everything up, okay.\" It wasn't a request, so Lem just nodded. His father reciprocated and closed the door. Lem was on automatic as he shuffled about, getting ready, before heading downstairs to help the family move out. Men in uniforms packed the whole downstairs area, all moving about, to and fro. \"Here.\" Lem turned around just in time to grab hold of a box that his father thrust into his arms. \"Take that out to the car.\" And he was gone. Lem sighed as he headed out the front door to see their car already loaded up with boxes, awaiting their leave. Lem saw his mother packing away some pillows in the back seat. She turned to see him, and turned away, heading back into the house. Lem just shook his head and sighed as he loaded the box into the open boot. \"You can take just one thing that you wish to carry with you,\" Lem turned to see his father standing behind him. \"Just one. Nothing else, and that doesn't go there; it goes here!\" He snapped, pushing past Lem to correctly store the box he'd just packed. \"Thanks,\" Lem muttered with a sarcastic smile that his father didn't see. He turned around and headed back up to his room to get the only thing he wanted to take with him; his telescope. He carried it with him as he climbed into the back seat, along with Eckle, and then the whole family pulled out of the driveway and down the street. \"So long, house,\" Eckle waved good-bye as they drove down to the check-point and were waved on through. The drive didn't take too long at all; only half an hour. The new housing development sat east of the park. A few families from their street had moved in there and were unloading what few boxes they'd packed up. He saw his father struggling with a large box in the boot. \"Here Dad,\" Lem said holding out his arms. \"Let me help you with that.\" \"I'm fine,\" his father, \"You go help your moth...\" He lost his grip. \"You need help!\" Lem forcefully said as he grabbed one side of the box. \"Whether you want it or not, you need me!\" He fixed his father with a determined stare. \"Fine,\" his father said, \"Grab that end, and take it into the living room.\" Lem nodded, and together the two eased the box out of the boot, and into their temporary house till the Rings only knew when. It was a small living room compared with their old one. All the new housing that had gone up were compact and quick in their construction. They then carefully lowered the box down and stood up, looking directly at each other. \"Thanks, son,\" His father said, before walking off. \"You're welcome, dad,\" Lem called out after him. He smiled as his father disappeared out the front door. Well, he was slowly starting build back up that trust again; slowly. It was going to be a long road, considering the lie he told to prevent him from discovering Chuck. Or at least until he was ready to reveal Chuck. He quickly hurried back out the front door, determined to help with more boxes. \"...From then on!\" Lem heard the end of a conversation his father was having with one of their new neighbours as he exited the house. The man was carrying a large flat box with his father's name on it. His father nodded. \"So where are we going to be setting up?\" \"We've got power plant duty,\" the man responded, handing his father the box. \"We need you there by noon.\" \"Got it,\" he said, as the man walked off. He turned around to face Lem. \"Guard duty?\" Lem asked. \"Yes,\" his father answered, walking past him. \"Which mean you're going to have to be the man of the house while I'm gone.\" \"You mean you trust me again?\" Lem asked hopefully. \"No,\" his father replied flatly. \"But Eckle is too young, and you know what your mother is like.\" Lem stifled a chuckle. \"So I'm stuck between the Pit and the Perilous Green Sea.\" Lem made a face which his father couldn't witness. He then turned around to face his son. \"You're in charge now, Lem, don't make me regret it; again.\" Then he was gone. Lem wasn't sure what to make of it. He picked up another box and headed back into the living room. It wasn't long before everything was inside, and the unpacking began. His mother quickly took over that, not because she didn't trust Lem, but because she had a place for everything. It was what she did. \"Look, honey,\" his father said once they were almost finished. \"I've got to go; I can't stay any longer. They'll be waiting for me.\" \"Take care, honey,\" his parents kissed before heading out the door. \"Look after your self, Dad!\" Lem called out. He chuckled. Thankfully he knew there was no danger. Chuck was still at the Planetarium, while his Dad would be guarding the power plant; on the other side of town. The box he was carrying slipped through his fingers to crash on the floor. Chuck! He glanced over at the clock on the wall. It was an hour till noon. By the Pit, he'd forgotten about Chuck. He promised the alien he'd come back the next day to continue their language lessons. Damn. He quickly looked about. No one had spotted him dropping the box, and nobody came in the ask him if he was alright. Then again, nobody ever did. Throwing that thought aside, he'd need to come up with an excuse to get over to the Planetarium. But how? He could say he was going to see Glar. But his mother knew Glar's phone number and could check up on him. He had to think. \"Lem?\" He turned to face Eckle who seemed to be smiling back at him, very nervously. \"A-are you doing anything today?\" He shuffled forward a bit. Lem's eyes narrowed. \"Why?\" He asked with suspicion. \"I was wondering...\" His voice trailed off in a low mumble. Lem asked him to repeat it, and Eckle suddenly cried out, \"Will you take me to see Skiff?\" Lem almost did a double take. \"What? Why!\" \"I hadn't seen him since before the alien landed!\" Eckle cried out, holding up his hands in self-defence. \"I want to see if he's okay, and maybe talk about the alien.\" Lem grunted held out a single finger under Eckle's face, ready to give it to him, when he paused. \"Just to see Skiff, right?\" \"Uh-huh!\" Eckle nodded. \"Mom won't let me go into town by myself.\" \"Yet she'll let you go with me ?\" Eckle half nodded. \"I guess she thinks if you're looking out for me, you won't get into trouble your self.\" Lem just rolled his eyes. The hilarity of the situation. His parents didn't trust him by himself, but they trusted him to look after his younger brother by himself. Lem just rolled his eyes at the hypocrisy. But he was busy thinking about something else. Lem hadn't thought about it earlier, but it wasn't until Eckle mentioned the alien, that it hit him. He could leave Eckle with Skiff. Then he could go over to the Planetarium and see to Chuck. \"Okay,\" Lem said, leaning back and placing his hands on his hips. \"I'll take you to see Skiff.\" \"But...?\" Eckle asked. \"Huh?\" \"There's always a but with you,\" Eckle said. \"I leave you with Skiff, and and I come home.\" \"You're trusting Skiff , to look after me ?\" It was Eckle's turn to nearly double take. \"But Lem, you said-\" \"I said, I said,\" Lem waved the question away with the flick of his wrist. \"Look Eckle, what's Skiff been talking about all these years?\" \"Aliens?\" \"Exactly, so who would know what to do in case you encounter the alien?\" Eckel's eyes widened with realisation. \"Skiff!\" He cried out. \"Right,\" Lem said, patting his brother on the shoulder. \"Not me, Skiff. So, can I trust Skiff to look after you until it's time to come home, right?\" \"Right!\" Eckle nodded enthusiastically. \"But you'd better keep this between you, Skiff and me. Don't tell ether mom or dad.\" Eckle frowned. \"Why?\" \"Do you honestly think they'll like the idea of Skiff watching out for you?\" Eckle thought for a moment. His parents hadn't spoken too highly of Skiff. \"Good point.\" Eckle agreed. \"Great,\" Lem said, \"So come on, let's go.\" There were sandbags arranged in a defensive perimeter - as if someone were preparing for a final last stand - in front of Haglogs Comic Shop, as they approached the store from across the street. Lem was surprised; surprised that there weren't any barbed wire or land mines. He chuckled as he approached the door which plainly said they were closed and entered. The sound of chaotic scrambling filled the room as the door jingled. \"Identify your selves!\" Skiff demanded, half hidden from behind the front desk. A metal bat half raised in the air, while Skiff's bulging eyes cowered beneath a steel Great War helmet that was way too big even for him. \"Don't attack!\" Eckle cried, quickly putting himself between Lem and Skiff. \"Skiff, it's us!\" \"Eckle?\" Skiff stood up, then looked at Lem, before aiming the bat right at his head. \"Hold it right there,\" he then leaned over and hissed, \"Alien!\" \"Skiff?\" Eckle asked. Lem just yawned. \"There's no way the real Lem would be here on his own free will,\" Skiff answered, picking up the lid of a trash can - using it as a shield - as he stalked closer to Lem. \"There for, he must be the alien in disguise! Remember, they did the same thing in first Humanicas 2! They take over your mind, and turn you into one of their alien zombie slaves!\" Lem just blinked back, expressionless, before looking down at the metal bat in Skiff's hands. He so much wanted to slap Skiff in the face for his stupidity. But he knew that would get him into trouble. 'He hit Skiff, ' everybody would say. 'That's proof that Lem hasn't changed at all!' \"Well,\" Lem said instead. \"I'll just leave you two alone, do whatever it is, you guys do,\" he headed for the door. \"Not so fast, zombie!\" Skiff warned, sticking the tip of the bat into the back of Lem's skull. \"You're not going anywhere.\" By the Great Rings, was this guy for real? Lem's eyes rolled up into the back of his head as he sighed. \"Skiff,\" Eckle pleaded, \"Lem's not a zombie, he did take me here of his own free will.\" \"A likely cover story,\" Skiff said, \"The way I see it, he's just getting rid of potential witnesses while he goes and does his bidding for his alien master!\" Lem bit his bottom lip. That comment was far too close to the truth than he wanted it to be. He had to get to Chuck, but Skiff was busy being Skiff and wasting his time. Thankfully though, Skiff being Skiff, meant that he was still Skiff. \"Hey look Eckle,\" Lem said, turning around and looking over Skiff's shoulder. \"One of those cheap baby toys looks like the alien pod.\" Skiff's face almost exploded. \"C-c-cheap baby toys !?\" Lem smiled in triumph. The bat vanished to be replaced by a single finger, hovering just below his chin. \"I'll have know these are not 'Cheap Baby Toys,' they're highly detailed and finely crafted adult models. Not meant for little kids!\" Skiff then turned to frame a red and blue robot that transformed into a truck with his fingers. \"Take this one here for example. This Trans-\" By this time, Lem had used the distraction to leave the building, and the door muffled whatever else Skiff had to say as it closed behind him. Eckle would be okay in Skiff's care. Skiff may have been a few saucers short of a full disk, but he was not irresponsible. It was early afternoon by the time Lem finally reached the Planetarium. He carefully approached the front doors, unlocked them, and pushing them aside, walked inside. The lobby was empty, precisely as he left it. \"Chuck?\" He called out. \"Lem! It's Lem!\" There was no response. He let the doors close behind him. \"Chuck?\" He still got no response. By the Rings, had Chuck gone looking for him? Had Chuck thought that he'd betrayed him and high tailed it out of here? He called out the alien's name again, with no response. A sudden thought hit him. What if Chuck was planning something for him? What if he was planning to make Lem his slave, or take him apart - Lem shook his head. \"By the Rings, I'm starting to think like Skiff!\" He growled. Then again, where was Chuck? He opened the doors to the auditorium. Empty. Chuck's Nest lay where it was, a tangle of rugs and sheets. He headed into the office; empty as well. Finally, he tried the observatory room. Chuck was standing up by the telescope, doing... something. Lem couldn't quite make it out, but he was acting strange. Chuck wasn't still as he stood. His head moved from side to side, while his hips swayed slowly. Curiosity slowly spread over Lem as he called out Chuck's name. Chuck didn't respond, and instead, he kept at it; whatever it was. Lem shouted his name and still nothing. Finally, he walked around the side of the telescope to where he could see Chuck's face and waved to him. At first, Chuck froze, then spun around, drawing that small black gun of his. He stood there, panting heavily, before lowering the weapon. \"Lem?\" He asked. \"Yes Chuck,\" Lem answered. \"It's me, Lem.\" \"Lem!\" Chuck cried out, as he pulled something from his ears, and jumped down the stairs to greet him. He paused, then placed his hands on his hips and leaned forward. \"Where Lem? Lem gone, long.\" \"Busy,\" Lem said, \"And it's a long story.\" He then grabbed Chuck by the arm and led him towards the exit. \"Teach now? Lem teach Chuck now?\" Chuck looked over his shoulder, back up at the telescope. He shook his head. \"No,\" he said. \"Chuck busy.\" That caught Lem by surprise. \"Chuck busy?\" He said. \"Chuck busy doing what?\" The alien pointed at the telescope. \"Chuck use to see! Chuck see Flying Saucer!\" Lem did a double take. \"What!?\" Chuck motioned him over to the telescope. \"Lem, see!\" He said, so Lem walked up and looked into the telescope. The stars were up there, along with something else. There was a white object, just barely visible in his field of vision. Lem would've leaned closer if the telescope would've allowed him too. \"What is that?\" Lem asked. \"Flying Saucer!\" Chuck said. \"Chuck's Flying Saucer!\" He pointed up the length of the Telescope towards the sky. \"Flying Saucer bring Chuck to Lem's Planet.\" Flying Saucer? \"I never taught you that word,\" Lem said, while Chuck just looked back at him, confused, obviously not understanding what Lem had just said. \"Chuck,\" Lem asked. \"Where Chuck teach word, 'Flying Saucer?'\" Chuck said something in his language and pointed over by the long table where notes and maps lay. On the table sat an opened up magazine, to an advertisement for an up and coming Sci-Fi movie, 'Invasion of the Flying Saucers.' Half the add was taken up by a massive alien ship, hovering high up in the sky. Lem scoffed loudly. So that's how Chuck learned that word. \"Lem,\" Chuck asked, as he pointed past his shoulders, \"What that?\" A radio sat on the table. He repeated the human word. \"Radio?\" Lem asked, walking over and picking it up. Chuck nodded and repeated the word. \"Lem teach Chuck radio?\" \"Okay,\" Lem said. \"Radio off.\" He held it up and pointed to the speaker, making sure that Chuck knew it was off. Chuck repeated the phrase, and Lem pointed to the volume knob. \"Radio on.\" He clicked it on, and music came out. Chuck cocked his head to one side, approaching Lem. \"What?\" He asked. \"Music,\" Lem said. \"You know, dance?\" He bopped his head and swayed in time with the music. Chuck gave the radio a funny look. \"Music?\" He looked at Lem who was dancing and back again. \"That music?\" He laughed. \"Music not good.\" \"Huh?\" Lem asked. \"No understand,\" Lem said. \"Music not good?\" \"Music... sound...\" He struggled to find the words and just shrugged and finished the sentence in his language. \"People music sound funny.\" Chuck then reached to his belt where a small white object no bigger than the palm of his hand lay. \"This good music. Human music.\" He held out a small white ball that was attached to a thin white line. Lem recognised it as one of the things that Chuck had taken out of his ears when he saw that Lem had arrived. So that's why Chuck couldn't hear him. He was listening to human music. Human music? Lem was curious, and took the thing, before slowly, placing it in his ear, much as Chuck had done. Chuck touched something on the white box, and a small section glowed bright blue. Lem gazed in wonder, but suddenly jerked back as what sounded like screaming metal rocketed into his brain. Lem cried out in alarm as he yanked the thing out of his ear and looked around in panic. \"What the Pit was that!?\" He gasped. \"Van Halen,\" Chuck said. Lem looked down at the thing, still in his hand. He raised it to his ear but didn't put it inside, instead choosing to listen to the racket from a safe distance. All he could make out were the harsh barking sounds of Chuck's language, barely audible admits metallic screaming sounds he'd never thought were possible to make. \"Human music, sound bad!\" Lem said and tossed the earplug back to Chuck. Chuck laughed. \"It sounds like somebody dying,\" Lem added. Chuck shrugged, still chuckling as he gestured for Lem to retake the earplug. \"Different human music,\" he said. \"Good human music.\" Lem shrugged and tempted fate again, this time holding the earplug at a safe distance. A new sound flowed out this time. Not the same screaming sound as before, but a series of control beats that sounded fast and soft, yet pleasant. Human language was still audible, but more clearly this time. Lem found himself listening. It was pretty catchy, and he was tapping his foot to the beat before he knew it. \"That's better,\" Lem said, then added, \"Good human music.\" \"Buddy Holly,\" Chuck said. Whatever the pit that meant. Where Van Halen and Buddy Holly names for different human music styles? \"Lem like Holly music. Holly music good.\" Chuck shrugged and said something in human. Lem was about to ask something when he paused. Something that he should've realised earlier finally got through to him. \"Hey, wait a minute!\" He turned to Chuck. \"How did you learn to read?\" \"Read?\" Chuck asked. \"How Chuck, learn read?\" Lem asked, as he walked over to the magazine and picked it up. \"Read.\" He pointed to the words and repeated the word. \"Read!\" Chuck said. \"Rover!\" \"What?\" Lem asked. \"Rover teach Chuck read.\" Lem gave him a suspicious look. \"Who's Rover?\" \"Come,\" Chuck said, waving him towards the telescope. \"Lem come!\" Lem followed Chuck towards the front of the telescope where a bunch of cables and wires where hooked up to the big telescope that was attached to... a box with wheels. Wheels?! The sphere on the box abruptly swung towards Lem and the single lens like eye narrowed. \"Lem, Rover,\" Chuck said with a wave of his hand towards the thing. Lem blinked back at it, and it suddenly moved towards him. Lem cried out in alarm, and Chuck shouted something that caused it to stop. It looked to Chuck, and then to Lem, before looking back at Chuck. Chuck began to bark commands at it, and it started reversing back to its original spot. Lem followed the cables, as they ran up the length of the telescope, towards a funky looking antenna at the very end. What was its function? He looked down at the creature. What was it? \"Chuck?\" Lem asked. \"What is it?\" \"Rover,\" Chuck said. \"Teach Chuck to read...\" He said something else that disintegrated into alien babble. Was he describing the method Rover taught, or Rover its self? Lem couldn't tell. \"Chuck, what are you doing with Rover?\" Lem asked. Chuck looked confused, so Lem repeated the sentence, much slower and more accessible for the alien to understand. \"Talk to Flying Saucer,\" Chuck said as he pointed towards the sky. \"Talk?\" Lem asked, then slowly added. \"Many humans on flying saucer?\" Chuck thought for a moment, then shook his head. \"No,\" he answered. \"Flying Saucer, have one human; Chuck.\" He pointed at the sky again. \"Chuck talk to flying saucer. Not go. Stay. Hide. Not make...\" he stumbled over his words again, and he grunted in frustration at the language barrier. \"Hey!\" Lem suddenly cried, startling Chuck as he looked over at the wheeled creature. \"Where the Pit did Rover come from!?\" \"Rover here!\" Chuck said as he pointed at the ground. \"Rover come here, Lem's planet. Chuck come here, Lem's Planet.\" Chuck used his hands to gesture someone coming, then something else approaching from behind it as he spoke. \"So, Rover came before you?\" Chuck had that look he got when he was thinking about what Lem had said. Then he nodded. \"Rover... came before, Chuck.\" \"Why?\" Lem asked. \"Rover, explore. Tell humans Lem's planet good, not bad.\" He shrugged. \"Lem's planet bad, Chuck not explore. Lem's planet good, Chuck explore.\" Chuck's face melted into an expression Lem had never seen before. \"Rover go... Rover here. Rover talk to humans. Later... Rover not talk to humans. Humans no understand.\" \"You mean... you lost contact?\" That was a dozy trying to explain to Chuck what Lem meant, but Chuck, thank the Rings, was smart enough to put the missing pieces together. \"Yes, Humans lost contact with Rover.\" The alien then beamed at the sentence he strung together, while Lem patted his arm. \" When humans make Rover explore?\" Lem asked, emphasising on the 'when' so that Chuck understood the question. \"Know not,\" Chuck said. \" Lem's planet sun... move... not same. Time... not same. Earth-sun...\" He lost himself among his native language again. Lem looked from Chuck back to Rover. The machine seemed to be studying him. There was a clicking sound, followed by another which sounded like it was taking pictures. \"Chuck,\" Lem asked, pointing at the wheels. \"Why Rover have wheels?\" Chuck looked confused. \"No understand. What Wheels?\" He asked. Lem reached forward slowly, keeping his eyes on the machine's rounded head, before pointing at the wheels. Lem repeated the word. \" Wheels ?\" Chuck almost shouted the word. He suddenly burst out laughing surprising Lem. \"Rover has wheels, Rover move with wheels. Rover not move with no wheels.\" \"Can't he just hover?\" Chuck looked confused again. \"Oh boy,\" Lem moaned. \"Chuck, come,\" He said as he headed for the garage, taking Chuck with him. You could only access the garage from the outside, and knocking in a door, was one of the many things Professor Oglos had on his list of things to do. Chuck was nervous walking around outside, and he kept to the shadows as he walked, his head, darting nervously around. Despite Lem assuring him that no one was around, Chuck still proceeded nervously forward. Lem unlocked the garage and opened it up, exposing the planetarium's wagon. Lem was caught off guard, as Chuck abruptly pushed past and made a bee-line for the wagon. He put a hand on its surface, feeling it, before kneeling on one knee, and looking underneath. He looked up again, and lowered his whole body to the ground, and slid underneath. Lem followed, leaning over to get a good look at what Chuck was doing down there. The alien was feeling the wagon's hover-plate, and exploring the air between the ground and the plate as well. Suddenly, Chuck pulled himself out from under the wagon and stared with bewilderment at Lem. He pointed at it and started his alien talk, much faster than Lem could follow. \"Chuck,\" Lem interrupted, \"No understand? What you say?\" Chuck snarled something as his fists clenched. \"Move!\" Chuck said, \"Move from ground.\" He pointed from the wagon to the ground. \"How,\" he pointed at the wagon, \"Move from ground?\" Lem rubbed his chin. \"Car,\" Lem said, pointing to the wagon. Chuck repeated the word. \"How Car move from ground?\" Chuck demanded, as he pointed from the ground, and slowly moved his hand up until it touched the underside of the wagon. \"Hover?\" Lem asked. Chuck almost spat the word with excitement. \"How car hover from ground?\" He asked. Lem frowned but shrugged. He reached under the car, Chuck following him with an eerie interest. \"Hover-plate,\" he said slowly, making sure Chuck understood as he taped the plate. Chuck looked back to Lem who repeated the phrase. Chuck suddenly pushed past Lem and felt around the plate, he then pulled himself up and began to poke around the car, looking for something. \"Open?\" Chuck almost demanded of Lem. \"How open car? Chuck see how car work.\" \"The engine?\" Lem asked as he popped the bonnet. Chuck nearly bowled him over, looking inside. He leaned in real close, almost smacking face on the thing. He looked around and poked this and that. \"Please, don't take that apart,\" Lem said. \"I can't put that back together.\" Chuck ignored him as he leaned in so only his legs dangled out of the engine compartment. He jumped out and walked around to look at the dashboard. His face showed a somewhat uninterested look as he looked back under the car, and then getting up, pushed down with all his might on the side. The wagon rocked violently from the push but refused to go all the way down. Chuck grunted something as he walked around to the other side, and repeated the experiment. Then, he climbed into the driver's seat and sat there, before leaning over the side. The wagon tilted with his weight but didn't tip over. Chuck bounced a few times, and the wagon refused to either drop to the ground or tip over. Thank the Great Rings for that, Lem thought to himself, as Chuck climbed out and just stared at the hover-plate. He kicked it lightly with his foot, before turning to Lem. \"Hover-plate?\" He asked. Lem nodded and repeated the word. \"Hover-plate. Keep car up from ground.\" Chuck looked back, before kneeling and reaching his fingers under the wagon's bottom frame, started to tear off the plate. \" No !\" Lem shouted, startling Chuck. \"Chuck! No!\" Lem yanked Chuck's arm away from the plate. \"Bad! Chuck no do that!\" Chuck looked disappointed, but he removed his hands. \"Sorry Lem,\" he said. \"Chuck sorry. Chuck...\" he stumbled over the words, \"Chuck want... explore. See how hover-plate work.\" He bowed his head. \"Sorry.\" \"Come on,\" Lem said, taking Chuck by the arm, \"Let's get you back inside.\" \"Lem teach Chuck?\" The alien suddenly asked. \"Lem teach Chuck how hover-plate work?\" \"Damn it, Chuck, I'm an Astronomer, not a mechanic!\" Lem moaned. He saw Chuck's disappointed face. Even though he didn't understand the words, he knew that Lem had said no. \"Awww, come on! Don't look at me like...\" He threw his arms into the air. \"Fine,\" he said, \"I'll get some books for you.\" He stopped. \"Picture books.\" Chuck seemed to smile, knowing that Lem had agreed. \"Thanking you, Lem,\" Chuck said. \"Thanking you for help Chuck. Lem good.\" Lem smiled. \"You're welcome, Chuck.\" As they walked back inside, Lem paused. The front door was open. \"Funny,\" Lem muttered as he walked over and closed it. \"I don't remember leaving it open?\" Suddenly, Chuck's big hands were around his mouth, muffling Lem's cry of surprise. Chuck spun him around and put a single finger to his lips. Then he pointed over at the open the door to the auditorium. Lem listened, but he couldn't hear a thing. Then, he heard it. The sound of things moving about, and someone shuffling on the carpet. Chuck made a motion for Lem to follow as he pulled that black gun of his from his belt and crept over to the door, looking in. He looked about and turned back to Lem. \"One people,\" he said, \"Little.\" Lem looked in past Chuck. What light there was in the darkened room shone through in beams lighting up the area where Chuck had his nest. Lem frowned as Chuck stalked into the room, then levelling the gun, cocked the hammer. \"No,\" Lem hissed, pulling Chuck's arm down. \"Don't shoot!\" Chuck looked confused, and whoever it was over by Chuck's stuff looked up, and screamed. Chuck shouted something in his language, shook his head, then shouted, \"Freeze, police!\" If the situation weren't so dangerous, Lem would've laughed. \"What!?\" The intruder cried back. Lem gasped. \" Eckle !?\" He shouted. \"Lem?\" Eckle cried back. \"Eckle?\" Chuck asked, then his eyes bulged and retook aim. Eckle shrieked and ducked as Chuck fired. \"Chuck, no !\" Lem screamed, and this time, he tackled Chuck to the ground. \"Eckle, good! Do you understand!? Eckle not bad! Good !\" \"Eckle shoot Chuck!\" The alien protested. \"Oh, for the Ring's sake, it was a stupid toy !\" Lem shouted, which only seemed to confuse Chuck. Lem looked back up to see Eckle's legs shaking visibly behind a seat. \"Damn it!\" He snarled, as he stormed over and pulled his little brother up to his feet. The poor kid was on the verge of tears. \"Don't kill me!\" He sobbed. \"Please, don't kill me!\" \"Eckle, it's me, Lem !\" The kid opened one eye and then wrapped his arms around his older brother for all he was worth. \"It's okay,\" Lem said, patting his head softly. \"You're not going to die; I promise.\" He looked back over at Chuck who had put his gun away and was slowly walking towards them. Eckle saw him and screamed. \" No , no!\" Lem soothed him. \"It's okay. He thought- you were going to attack him; that's all.\" \"Me?\" Eckle cried out. \"Attack him !?\" \"He remembered you,\" Lem said. \"He remembered your stupid stunt with the toy gun. He thought it was real.\" Eckle looked embarrassed. Suddenly, he reared back. \"Hey, wait a second; what are you doing hanging out with the alien!?\" \"Well, I found...\" he trailed off before pointed a finger back. \"Whoa, wait a damn second yourself. What are you doing here !? Aren't you supposed to be with Skiff?\" \"Well, uhh... About that,\" Eckle squirmed on the spot. \"Skiff... Kinda convinced me... to follow you.\" \"What!?\" Lem shrieked. \"Dose Skiff...?\" \"No,\" Eckle quickly cut in. \"Well, not yet he doesn't.\" \"How did Skiff convince you to follow me?\" Lem asked. \"He hasn't convinced himself that you would purposely let me hang out with him, considering the history of arguments you two have.\" Lem nodded. Part of him said 'I told you so,' that his half-assed plan wouldn't work. \"He was positive that you were mind controlled by the alien invader,\" his words trailed off as he nervously glanced past Lem to seek a look at Chuck. \"Look,\" Lem said, pulling Eckle to one side. \"He's not dangerous,\" he paused then added, \"Unless provoked.\" Eckle tried to sneak another glimpse, but Lem pulled his attention back. \"Eckle, I need you to promise me you won't tell anyone else about this; let alone Skiff.\" \"Why?\" Eckle asked. \"It's an alien, isn't it?\" Lem quickly curbed another attempt to see Chuck. \"He's an explorer, Eckle,\" Lem said. \"He wants to look around our planet, that's all. You can't tell mom, and you definitely can't tell dad. And for the Rings sake, on no condition what so ever, you can't tell Skiff.\" \"Then, what am I supposed to tell him?\" Eckle asked. \"He knows you came here.\" \"Just tell him I did some work, and...\" he looked over his shoulder, \"I was using the telescope.\" Eckle cocked his head to one side as if asking the question, 'Are you sure that's going to work?' \"Just tell him that, okay?\" Lem added before Eckle could ask. Eckle nodded and looked back over at Chuck, and this time, Lem didn't pull him away. \"It's friendly?\" Eckle asked, taking a step forward with caution. Chuck looked just as cautious. \"Its name is Chuck,\" Lem said. He then took Eckle by the hand and lead him over to the alien, who backed up a little. \"Eckle, this is Chuck.\" He then turned to Chuck. \"Chuck, Eckle.\" He then pointed at Eckle. \"Eckle good Chuck, not bad, good. Understand?\" \"Chuck understand,\" Chuck replied, causing Eckle's eyes to widen. Chuck held up a hand and said, \"Hello, Eckle.\" Eckle almost did a double take.\" \"It can speak?\" He cried out. \"I've been teaching him the basics of our language,\" Lem said with a smile. \"Though he still can't grasp some complicated words, you have to be very simple when talking to him.\" Eckle nodded, then turned back to Chuck. \"Hello Chuck,\" he said. \"I'm Eckle. I'm Lem's younger brother.\" \"Younger bro-ther?\" Chuck asked with his confused expression. \"I haven't taught him the concept of family or relatives yet,\" Lem said to Eckle. \"I've never really thought about how to go about explaining it.\" Eckle looked thoughtful for a moment, then grinned. \"I think I have a way.\" He reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out some cards. He flipped through them until he came to a photo. \"Chuck,\" he said, catching the alien's attention. \"Look.\" He held up the photo. \"Family.\" Lem looked over and saw it was a photo of the whole family, him, his parents and Eckle, all posing on the front lawn. Chuck leaned in and looked. His eyes widened, and he pointed and said, \"Lem,\" and then, \"Eckle.\" He paused and frowned then added more softly. \"Dad.\" He looked up at Eckle who was still holding the photo. \"Family?\" \"Eckle is Lem's younger brother,\" Eckle said slowly. Chuck's eyes widened. \"Family!\" He cried out. \"Younger brother!\" He pointed at Eckle. \"Eckle and Lem younger brothers.\" Eckle snorted a laugh. \"You've gotta be careful on how to explain things, Eckle,\" he said. \"He thinks younger brother means brother.\" Lem waved for Chuck's attention, and said, \"No, Chuck. Eckle, younger brother. Lem older brother.\" Chuck thought about that for a moment. \"Younger brother, older brother.\" It hit him. \"Eckle and Lem, brother...! Brothers?\" \"Yes,\" Eckle cried out as he pointed at himself. \"Younger,\" he then pointed at Lem. \"Older.\" Chuck tested the new words a few times. He then pointed at Eckle, \"Eckle is...? Lem's younger brother.\" \"Yes,\" Eckle nodded. Chuck realised something, and his hand felt around the area where he hid his gun, then to both Lem and Eckle's surprise, his face changed colour. His pinkish hue was replaced by a bright red crimson colour, causing both brothers to double-take. \"Sorry Eckle,\" Chuck said. \"Chuck sorry...\" his words babbled off. \"Wow!\" Eckle exclaimed. \"He changed colour?\" \"I... didn't know he could do that,\" Lem answered. \"Cool,\" Eckle cried out, moving alarmingly closer to Chuck. \"Can he like, blend into walls?\" \"Chuck no understand?\" The alien asked and turned to Lem for a translation. Lem found himself scratching his chin in thought, as he seriously contemplated Eckle's question. Could he? The map was put down and rolled out across the table in what had been the living room of the Korplog house. General Grawl leaned over it as soldiers placed weights at each end to keep it down. \"All right,\" he said, \"We finally have a few of the town's militia organised into squads, which has freed up some of our troops. We can start looking for our visitor.\" He looked up at a lean looking man standing opposite of him. \"Fleg?\" Fleg had come in with the specialist team from Capital City. He was the team's ethologist. \"Thank you, general,\" the man answered as he laced his fingers together. Looking around to make sure he had everyone's attention, he said, \"The first thing we need to establish, is it's behaviour patterns.\" \"The eyewitness accounts of it's landing indicated it was caught off guard and ran.\" The captain said. \"A kid managed to case it off with a toy gun.\" \"Excellent,\" Fleg said. \"This tells us that the alien most likely came here unprepared. The sudden shock of being attacked caused it to panic. Any animal when threatened by the unknown will beat a hasty retreat if they can.\" \"We know that,\" the Captain responded. \"What's the point?\" \"I'm getting there,\" Fleg said. \"We're not dealing with a person here; we're dealing with an unknown. So, the question we must ask is, how do they think? Like us? Completely different? But from what behaviour we know from eyewitness reports, we can come to a rather basic conclusion.\" \"Which is?\" Grawl asked. \"It's lost, scared and possibly hostile.\" A few fingers flexed on their weapons. \"It has no idea where it is, what's going on, and no way of getting home. So,\" he clapped both his hands together. \"Since we're dealing with a sentient being here, it's going to want to feel safe. It'll need to hide somewhere until it can get its bearings or plan it's next move.\" \"And where would that be?\" \"Sentience is a tricky form of physiology, but it all comes down to being in control. It'll want a hiding place where it can do just that. Thankfully for us, that will narrow down its options. It'll have to be a place that is free of people, and where it can see everything that's going on.\" \"Someplace high?\" Grawl suggested. Fleg nodded. \"This town's located in a valley,\" the Captain said, running a finger around the map. \"Every place is high.\" \"True, but where is the highest point?\" \"Right here,\" the Captain said, stabbing a finger at the far north-eastern edge of the map. Grawl leaned in close. \"What's that right there?\" He asked, pointing to an object near the Captain's finger. \"Is that a building?\" \"I believe it is, sir,\" the Captain replied, removing his finger. \"It's the town's planetarium.\" \"Then, that's where we'll start our search,\" Grawl said, straightening up. \"Captain! Give the orders to move out!\"[Chapter 5] Eckle was laughing as Lem entered the auditorium carrying the three books in his arms. He looked up to see the alien doing... something. Chuck was waddling around with a stick in one hand which he twirled about in a circled. His legs moved as though they were stiff, and then he slipped. Lem gasped in shock, but the fall that followed looked controlled as if Chuck meant to do that. Lem gave a sudden laugh as Chuck, not watching where he was going, crashed into the wall, and fell over. He turned the fall into a roll, bounced back onto his feet, and shook his head in confusion. \"What the Pit is this?\" Lem asked Eckle. \"Char-Heh Chap-Minh.\" Lem recognised the words as Human Language even though Eckle butchered the pronunciation. \"I believe it's his word for 'Comedy.'\" They both looked up to see Chuck standing near them, his eyes on the books in Lem's hands. \"Books,\" Lem said as he held them out to Chuck. \"Car. Books; how car move from ground.\" Chuck eagerly snatched them from Lem's hand, and sitting down, crossed legged, opened the books, and started flipping through the pages. \"Lem,\" Eckle asked, \"Why is he interested in cars?\" Lem shrugged. \"Don't know,\" he said. \"I showed him the planetarium's van, and he suddenly got all excited over the hover-plate.\" \"Why?\" Lem thought hard. \"Wheels,\" he said. \"Wheels?\" Lem put a hand on his brother's shoulders. \"Eckle, there's something else I need to show you.\" He led him towards the observatory. Chuck stayed where he was on the floor, flipping through the pages. Lem took Eckle inside and towards the opening where the telescope projected into the sky. Rover was still there; cables hooked up to it. It's sphere-shaped head swivelled towards them as they approached. Remembering its orders, it didn't budge. \"By the rings,\" Eckle gasped, and then tore free of Lem's grasp and ran the last few steps towards it. Thankfully, he didn't get too close. \"A robot! A real-life alien robot! Oh, Skiff would love this.\" \"No,\" Lem warned as he took a position beside his brother, \"Remember...\" \"I know, I know,\" Eckle repeated with boredom. \"Don't tell Skiff, or anyone else.\" He turned his gaze back to the machine, which was now studying him. \"But this is just so cool!\" He frowned before turning to look at it from a different angle. \"Where's it's death ray?\" \"Eckle...\" Lem started but stopped as he thought about what his brother had said, before shaking the question from his mind. \"Chuck said it was an exploration robot.\" \"Aww, man!\" Eckle sighed with disappointment. It was then that he saw what it was that Lem had taken him to show. \"Hey, why does it have wheels?\" He almost poked one. \"That's what I've been trying to get out of Chuck,\" Lem said, eyeing the set of three on the right side. \"I asked that same question, and he asked me how else it could move. That's when I told him about the hover-plate, and I haven't been able to get anything else out of him since.\" He turned a worried eye towards the door they'd just entered through. \"He almost tore the van apart, and now it worries me to leave him alone.\" He eyed the cables attached to Rover and the device on the telescope. \"I'm starting to wonder what else he might try to disassemble.\" \"What's that for?\" Eckle asked as he finally noticed the device on the telescope. \"Chuck says it's to make sure his flying saucer doesn't leave.\" \"Flying saucer!\" Eckle was bouncing up and down. \"Where?\" \"You can see it when you look through the telescope-\" Eckle shoved past him and glued his eye to the scope. \"I can't see anything!\" Lem frowned and looked through the eyepiece. The ship was still there. \"It's that white bulk in the centre,\" Lem said allowing his brother another look. \"Can't you see it?\" \"That's it?\" Eckle sounded disappointed. \"Man, you can't see much.\" He then turned his attention back to Rover. \"So what can it do?\" \"I don't know,\" Lem shrugged. \"It just showed up this morning, and Chuck says it's been here on our planet for a while.\" He frowned. \"Chuck said after it landed, his people lost contact with it, but... it just suddenly shows up.\" Eckle looked at his brother with a severe expression. \"You think Chuck's not telling the truth?\" \"I think he's just not telling us the full story.\" \"Lem?\" They both turned to see Chuck standing by the door, holding the books. \"What do you?\" \"Chuck,\" Lem said, \"Lem teach Eckle, Rover.\" He paused as he saw his opportunity. \"Eckle no understand, wheels?\" \"No understand wheels?\" Chuck looked confused. \"Chuck no understand question.\" \"Why Rover have wheels. Why Rover no have hover-plate.\" \"Humans no have hover-plate,\" Chuck answered. \"Then how do you get around?\" Eckle cried out. Chuck looked back at Eckle, and before Lem could correct him, Eckle suddenly said, \"How who-minhs move? People move with hover plate.\" \"Humans move with wheels,\" Chuck answered as he pointed at Rover. He then turned to the machine and said something slowly in human language. Rover eased forward gently, the cables stretching out behind him as he did so. The brothers watched as the wheels rotated, moving the robot forward. Chuck said something else, and the wheels reversed their motion, edging the robot back into its starting position. Chuck gave another command, and the wheels all turned on an angle, allowing the machine to rotate slowly on the spot. Lem watched with fascination. Wheels were commonly used in machines to turn gears and other complexed functions, but he never contemplated the possibility that they could be a method of locomotion. \"Lem?\" Lem turned to Chuck. \"What people use? What people use before hover-plate?\" The brother's looked at each other. \"Chuck,\" Lem said. \"No understand? People use hover-plate. No before hover-plate. Before hover plate, people walk .\" He mimed walking as he said the word. Chuck looked flabbergasted. \" How ?!\" He shouted before he started bubbling out with his language. After he realised that Eckle was laughing at the sounds he made, he calmed down, and returned to proper speech. \"Where hover-plate from? How people get hover-plate?\" \"From rocks,\" Lem answered. This answer confused Chuck even more before he pulled out one of the books Lem had brought and flipped open to a page. The page he presented was that of the ore used to make the hover-plate; Viterousblanco. He pointed at the picture and pronounced it slowly, but Chuck couldn't wrap his tongue around it, so Lem just called it 'Rock.' \"This,\" Lem said, \"People get rock. People make metal. People make hover-plate.\" Chuck momentarily seized up, halfway between looking from Lem, to the picture of an exacted sample of Viterousblanco in the book. He muttered something very softly in his language, before turning to Lem. \"Where Rock, Lem? Chuck want explore rock.\" \"A quarry, I suppose,\" Lem replied with a shrug. \"You can find some out in the desert. But not as much as you could in older times...\" He trailed off as he saw Chuck doing something with Rover. \"What are you-\" \"Rover,\" Chuck said to the brothers. \"Rover find rock.\" He then stood back. Rover had been disconnect from all the cables, and Chuck held the book up to Rover's head. The alien then said something in human, before a bright blue light, emitting from the lens like eye, bathed the whole page that Chuck held out. \"Whoa!\" Eckle cried out. Lem just gaped as from within the blue glow, what looked like a vertical blue bar moved up and down the page. Before anyone could do anything, Rover abruptly zoomed off, wheels a blur as it weaved around and out the door. The two brothers just stood there in shock and awe. \"What... Just happened?\" Lem asked no one in particular. \"What happen?\" Chuck asked. Lem nodded. \"Rover go. Rover find rock. Many rock. Rover bring many rock to Chuck.\" \"Lem?\" Eckle was pulling on his sleeve. \"If it's an exploration robot, why did it have a death ray?\" \"I don't think that was a death ray, Eckle,\" Lem responded. \"I don't even know what that was. A ray of some kind, but...\" \"Oh, pit!\" Eckle suddenly cried out, \"I was supposed to call Skiff, and let him know I'm okay.\" \"The phone's in the office,\" Lem said. \"And-\" \"I know, I know,\" Eckle said with a rye smile. \"Don't tell Skiff about Chuck.\" He hurried for the same door that Rover exited through. \"Oh, Lem!\" Lem turned to see his brother hovering by the door. \"Thanks for not treating me like Mom does.\" Lem gave a puzzled look. \"For not telling me to watch my language.\" Lem smiled as he realised what he meant. When Eckle had sworn before. He usually did tell him to watch his tongue. \"Chuck, you want learn now? Lem teach Chuck?\" \"Yes,\" Chuck said enthusiastically. As the two of them left the room, Lem asked, \"Chuck, how good Chuck Read?\" Chuck was about to respond when Eckle came out of Oglos's office. \"Lem, the phone's dead.\" \"What?\" Lem said. \"Dead?\" Chuck asked. \"Later,\" Lem waved his question away as he stalked into the office. There was no dial tone as he picked it up. \"What the Pit?\" Lem opened the window and looked outside. The telephone wires were still there. \"What's wrong now?\" He muttered. He looked across to see the phone cables snaking around the building towards the front - What was that? Lem snapped his vision back down to the forest below him. For a split second, he could've sworn that he saw a flash of... something. He wasn't quite sure. There! Down by the road that led up to the Planetarium, he saw it again. He turned around and rummaged through the Professor's desk drawer for the binoculars. Turning back to the window, he focused them on the spot where he saw the flash. Maintenance Men were working on the poles. He frowned. Why would they be doing - The power suddenly went out. \"Lem?\" He heard Eckle cry out. \"I know,\" Lem replied. He looked back at the men. Why were they cutting power and communications to the Planetarium? He watched as the one up the top shimmied down the poll towards a man in green-grey. He leaned further out the window, trying to get a better look, and froze. He dropped the binoculars and rushed out of the office to the startled looks of Eckle and Chuck. \"We have to get out of here, now!\" He snapped, grabbing Eckle by the arm. \"Lem?\" Eckle cried out, \"What's going on?\" \"It's the army,\" Lem said, looking out the front door. \"They're on their way.\" They rushed out the front door, Chuck only slightly hesitating before following them. He dragged his brother towards the side of the building, towards the garage. \"Eckle, how did you get here?\" \"I caught the bus just down to the mountain pass, then walked the rest of the way here,\" Eckle said. Lem nodded; precisely like he'd done. The buses were still running but only performing essential functions, not the full service they had before Chuck landed. \"Lem?\" Chuck asked. \"What Army?\" \"Army?\" It caught Lem off guard. \"How am I going to explain...\" He saw the bulge in Chuck's pocket that was his gun. He pointed at the pocket. \"That,\" he said. Chuck reached into his pocket and pulled out the gun. He said something in human. \"Army,\" Lem said, and then pointed at the gun. \"Army got many those. Big many those\" Chuck's eyes widened, and he said something short and sharp. Lem looked around. He wasn't quite sure, but maybe he translated that wrong. He didn't have the time for a speech lesson right now, and the Rings only knew what Chuck thought the Army was. \"Why can't we take the wagon?\" Eckle asked as Lem began closing the garage door. \"Because the wagon needs the road, and the Army will be on the road.\" He locked it and looked off at the trees. \"We're going to have to cut through the forest.\" He looked back at the others. \"Looks like we're going to have to walk.\" \"Won't it be dangerous going down the mountainside?\" Eckle asked. \"We've got no choice,\" Lem said. \"If the army's coming up the road then we need to escape in the opposite direction.\" \"Where going, Lem?\" Chuck asked. \"Not here, away,\" Lem said and waved his arm towards the town. \"Here, not safe. No come here. Army come here. Not safe.\" Chuck started back inside. \"Chuck, no!\" Lem cried out, grabbing his arm. Chuck said something in human, before pointing. \"Chuck need objects!\" He pointed back inside. \"Chuck busy using objects.\" Just then, they all turned their heads towards the sky at the sound of a rhythmic thumping. Lem quickly grabbed both Eckle and Chuck and slammed them against the side of the building, just as the three helicopters roared in low overhead. \"The tree's,\" Lem yelled, \"Now!\" He gave both of them an encouraging push and rushed at the foliage himself, hugging the side of the building, as the choppers all began to turn back. They barely made it before the three helicopters circled back. Lem reached the bushes, and immediately went sprawling into the dirt as he tripped over a tree root, he skidded along the ground before stopping in a shrub. \"Lem?\" Eckle asked. \"I'm fine,\" he groaned, \"Did they see us?\" All three of them turned to see the Helicopter's brake formation to land at different sides of the building. \"Lem,\" Eckle whispered. \"We left the whole place unlocked and open,\" Chuck said something that sounded unhappy; probably complaining about his stuff. \"We can't worry about that now,\" Lem said. \"The important thing is, we managed to get out before they came. We also managed to leave without leaving behind anything that could let them know you and I were here in the past few days.\" He started walking down the slope of the mountainside. \"We're going to have to leave, now.\" He pointed back at the building which was being surrounded by soldiers. \"They're going to find Chuck's stuff, and once they figure out Chuck's no longer there, they're going to have the surrounding area searched, and we want to be as far away as possible when that happens, so come on!\" He hurried away into the undergrowth, Eckle and Chuck following behind. General Grawl watched from the open canopy of the Helicopter as the soldiers all fanned out, to cover the various exits and entrances of the building. The soldiers all advancing in cover formations that worked so well in the vicious street to street fighting that occurred in the final days of the Great War. He was distracted by the crackling of the radio. \"Sir, we're inside,\" he recognised the voice of the Sargent of from the rear team. \"The whole place was unlocked; over.\" \"That should be of no surprise, Sargent,\" Grawl answered, into the mike. \"A lot of people fled in panic when the alien landed. The police have had problems with looters because many have forgotten to lock up.\" He paused. \"Still, proceed with caution; over.\" \"Understood sir, over and out.\" The Captain climbed out of the Helicopter and walked around to the side where Grawl was. \"What do we do if it is here, sir?\" \"Try to contain it,\" was the answer. \"Don't engage; just keep it where it is. Chances are it'll probably be frightened and hide.\" He frowned. \"Still, the lives of my men come first.\" The Captain nodded. They waited for a while before the all-clear came in over the radio. The alien was not present. \"Sir,\" the Sargent said over the speaker as he finished his report. \"You might want to come to the auditorium.\" Grawl jumped out from the helicopter and walked inside. The soldiers all stood about and came to attention as he walked past and through the doors into the auditorium. In one corner, a group of soldiers were all gathered around a massive white mess of sorts. As he drew nearer, he gave a slight intake of breath as he saw the symbol on a large white box. \"It has been here,\" he muttered. \"Sargent, has anyone touched anything?\" \"Aside from door handles? No, sir.\" Grawl nodded in approval. \"Excellent. I want this entire building evacuated until the hazmat team can conduct a thorough investigation of this building.\" \"Yes sir,\" the Sargent then turned to his men and barked out some orders. Grawl turned about and rushed out the door, back to the chopper where the Captain was waiting. \"Captain,\" Grawl shouted out to him as he rushed over, \"I want all our reinforcements that are en route to perform a wide arching comb of the area, starting from the road and up the mountainside.\" \"Sir,\" the Captain responded a little nervously, \"We don't have enough troops with us for that kind of maneuver.\" \"Well, get them,\" Grawl snapped. \"The alien is somewhere nearby. Possibly, but we can't be certain until we check, now get me more troops, and I don't care where from!\" \"Yes sir,\" the Captain turned back to the mike. Lem ducked a low hanging branch as he hurried down the sloping ground. It was difficult running downhill and trying not to let your legs run away from you, and more than once Lem and nearly slammed his head against a low hanging branch that he failed to notice. They were all puffing hard from running, but they were still on the mountainside which meant that they weren't out of danger yet. Anyone watching them would've found the sight comedic, with Lem half jogging half skipping as he attempted to run and keep his legs under control at the same time. Eckle's little legs were a blur as he weaved and dodged around obstacles, while Chuck's massive bulk ploughed through everything in his path. Hopefully, though nobody was watching them, Lem thought as he nearly lost control while dodging a fallen tree. Lem led the way downhill, the others still followed him as they ran. The trees around them began to grow thicker, slowing them down, but Lem urged them on, despite the stinging slaps he received to his face from the numerous branches. Ahead of them, Lem could hear a gurgling sound. He didn't pay it much heed until it started becoming noticeably louder. Suddenly, he came out of the foliage and felt his feet sink into the soft earth and saw the sparkling blue currents of the river. Lem was barely able to stop the other two as they burst free from the trees; Chuck nearly went head first into the water but managed to grab hold of a tree trunk. For a moment, they both looked at the river, then turned to look at Lem. Lem, in turn, looked back at them. \"What do we do?\" Eckle asked. As if answering his question, somewhere across the other side of the river, they could hear the steady crashing of leaves. They all looked across to the other side. There wasn't anything to see, but the sounds echoed through the foliage. Someone was coming this way. The crashing grew louder, closer — lots of someones were coming this way. \"We can't go back,\" Lem said, turning back to look at the path they'd come. \"But we can't go forward either...\" His voice trailed off as he turned to watch a log flow past him. He watched in silence as it turned around the bend and disappeared. \"That's it!\" He cried out, half scaring Eckle. He quickly began to scramble down the embankment. \"Quick, everyone, into the river, now!\" Lem waded into the cold water, till he was up to his knees. He could feel the current tugging at him, and he looked around. There! He spied what he needed. Not far, across the other side of the bank, and a little downstream, was a log; stuck on the shore. He turned to the others, still standing on the shoreline. \"Come on!\" He hissed, trying not to make too much noise. Eckle dived right on in, while Chuck hesitated. Not for long though, as he too began to splash into the river. Lem continued, wading in, until the bottom left his feet and he started swimming; right for the log. The river grabbed at his clothes and pulled him along downstream towards the trunk. He had to time this just right. He kicked with all his might, swimming towards the log. He had to get it. It rushed towards him combined with Lem's swimming and the current. The wood was within reach and grabbed it. His hand splashed down in water; no! He missed. He made another grab for it, but it was already behind him, vanishing with every passing second. Suddenly there was a warm, vice-like grip on his wrist and Lem stopped moving. He looked down to see a pinkish-white hand, and he looked up to see Chuck holding onto him. Chuck then reached out with his other hand, and grabbed the log, stopping them from moving further downstream. Eckle's little wet face abruptly slammed into them, and he held on, gasping for breath. \"Lem?\" Chuck asked as he looked from Lem to the log and back again. \"Pull it free,\" Lem whispered and mimed the movement for Chuck, as the trees on their side of the bank were now shaking from movement beyond. \"Hurry.\" Chuck pulled Lem to the log and then gripping it with both hands, pulled. The log slid sideways suddenly, and with another tug, was free and flowing down the river. \"Everyone, hold on,\" Lem whispered as he gripped it with both hands. The river flowed strongly, without being too wild. The log was picked up by the current and carried downstream. As the group neared the bend in the river, Lem looked back, just in time to see a man in army green-grey stick the upper half of his torso out of the foliage and peer at the river. Lem held his breath. The looked soldier looked up the river, and with hart stropping suddenness, turned to glance down the stream at - The trees blocked Lem's vision, and the soldier was gone. Lem exhaled the breath he'd been holding and sagged against the log as he enjoyed the ride. They were moving at a good pace, and they didn't have to swim. Most of the time, the water carried them at a steady pace. Sometimes their feet touched the bottom, and other times it got narrower and deeper. Still, it was faster than walking, although slower than a car. The important thing was that they were getting away, and away from the soldiers. Lem still kept an ear and eye out for any more disturbances on the river banks, in case those weren't the only soldiers in the area. However, it wasn't all smooth sailing. After a while, the lovely warm, soothing water wasn't so pleasant and soothing. It'd been mid-day when they'd jumped into the river, and the sun had warmed the water. As they travelled further downstream, the trees began to close in overhead, blocking out the sun, and the water turned to freezing. Nevertheless, they kept on going. It was the best option; it was the only option. It helped them escape from the soldiers and any other patrols they might run across. After another hour, the forest began to open up, warming Lem's shivering body. He peered down the river, and saw the bright glow of daylight, like the light at the end of a tunnel. As the trees began to thin, allowing them to view the horizon, Lem gave the signal to the others, and they started paddling for the shore. The instance his legs touched gravel, Lem pushed away from the log and started to wade ashore. His wading became splashes until he finally felt mud, and then grass beneath his feet. Chuck appeared beside him, water pouring from his clothes. He shook his legs, dislodging water from the cloth that covered them. Eckle jogged up beside them, wringing out his cap, before slapping it back on. \"Come on,\" Lem said, starting forward, \"We have to keep moving. The more distance we put between the Planetarium and us, the better.\" The others followed Lem as they moved forward through the bushes. Ahead of them, the trees thinned and then abruptly ended at the edge of a grassy field. Taking cover behind a tree, Lem peered out. The open field extended for a mile, leaving a large gap between them and the next tree line. To the right, lay the river and to the left - - Was a Jeep containing four soldiers. Lem tensed. Looking carefully, he saw that the Jeep was parked on the side of a road. The soldiers all sat in the Jeep looking quite bored. Lem turned back to see the others staring at him intensely. Damn it, why did all the decision making have to be left to him? He sighed inwardly. Then again, this as his plan. Lem spun back to the Jeep as the static bursts of the radio echoed across the field. One of the soldiers reached over from the back seat and grabbed the mike. Lem was too far away to hear what they were saying, but he did have an idea what they were talking about. This was confirmed, when after a few short conversations soldier put the mike back and jumped out of the Jeep. His buddy did the same, and the two of them started across the field towards the river. Lem held his breath as they walked right past them, he slid back behind his tree carefully, not making a sound. When they passed, he looked back out to see them taking up positions on their side of the river. A thought suddenly struck Lem. Had their escape downriver been noticed after all? Or had some smart cookie realised it might be prudent to place checkpoints along the river in case the alien turned out to be aquatic? He frowned and looked back at Chuck, or rather his hands. The fingers were slightly webbed, and he had seen, but never taken any heed, to the fact that Chuck had been a better swimmer than either of them. His waterlogged clothes and leg coverings should've dragged him down, but they didn't. He'd kept himself afloat. What kind of a world did Chuck come from, where his species would evolve with natural swimming capabilities? Most likely a planet with lots of water. He smiled. A water world, full of fur-less aqua mammals. He frowned at the thought. How could a world that could be mostly water have mammals as the dominant life form? Wouldn't the aquatic life be the most logical candidate for the supreme being? His scientific curiosity was interrupted by another sound. Lem turned around and saw the other two soldiers walking up from behind. They walked over to join their comrades over by the water's edge. There was a tug at his sleeve, and he looked down into Eckle's eyes. \"Lem, let's take the Jeep!\" He said. Lem looked over at the unguarded vehicle. It was too tempting. He looked back at the soldiers. All of them carried guns, but no radio. If they did take the Jeep, there was no way they could contact anyone else; For a while at least. \"We can't,\" Lem said quietly back. \"The soldiers are still too close to the Jeep. If we somehow managed to sneak over to it, we'd have to start it, then drive away before they could shot at us. At that range, they'd have to be pretty poor shots not to miss us.\" He paused to look over at the soldiers. \"Besides, they're not that far away. Even if we somehow managed to pull all that off, what if they saw our faces? They could identify us later; it's too risky.\" \"We take Jeep?\" It was Chuck who asked that question. \"No, Chuck,\" Lem said. \"Army,\" he pointed at the soldiers and Chuck looked. \"Army very near. Not safe. Army very near Jeep. Not safe to take Jeep.\" Chuck looked from the soldiers to the Jeep, and back again. He seemed to be thinking about something before he suddenly turned to Lem with a smile. \"Chuck, not hide! Army follow Chuck. Lem and Eckle, take Jeep.\" \"What?\" Lem nearly shouted it, but before he could do anything else, Chuck moved off through the bushes, rather silently for a creature of his size. He vanished into the trees, and Eckle turned a worried look to Lem who just stood there, switching his gaze between the spot Chuck had disappeared through and the soldiers still camped on the river bank. \"Lem,\" Eckle hissed, pointing at the Jeep, \"Look.\" Chuck in the driver's seat, trying to start it. \"What the pit does he think he's doing?\" Lem hissed. Suddenly, there were shouts, cries of alarm and Lem turned to see the soldiers were staring and pointing at Chuck in the Jeep. \"Pit!\" Lem snarled and tightened his grip on the tree he was hiding behind. Chuck sprang from the Jeep and raced across the field, sprinting across the clearing towards the other patch of trees. As he jumped from the Jeep, Lem saw that Chuck had quickly turned to face their hiding spot and smiled. One soldier raised his rifle, only to have it knocked away by another soldier who gave him a stern look. They all started after Chuck. \"They're leaving,\" Eckle said, \"They're following Chuck. So, that's what he meant. Now we can take the Jeep.\" \"No we can't,\" Lem grumbled as he pointed, \"Look!\" One soldier wasn't following Chuck; he was jogging back towards the Jeep. So, Lem had suspected right. They didn't have any portable radio's on them; just in the Jeep. He was no doubt going to call in that they had the alien on the run. By the Pit, now they were in serious trouble. Once that guy got the word out this place would be swarming with soldiers. The soldier reached the Jeep and did a double take. He peered inside and then to Lem's shock, raced off after his friends. Lem and Eckle both shot each other confused looks. \"What was that all about?\" Eckle asked. Lem looked back to see the soldier disappear into the trees and he turned back to the now unguarded Jeep. \"Come on!\" He shouted, and leapt from his hiding place and cleared the distance between the trees and the Jeep rather quickly. As he reached the vehicle, he hesitated to climb in as he saw what it was that surprised the soldier. Chuck hadn't been trying to hot-wire the Jeep; he'd destroyed the radio. Eckle quickly appeared beside him, and Lem urged him inside. Thankfully, the keys were still in the ignition, and Lem nearly broke them off as he started the engine. It roared to life, and as Lem released the handbrake and the clutch, it took off. \"Now what do we do about Chuck?\" Eckle asked as they sped off down the road. That question answered its self as Chuck burst out from the trees and onto the road, still running. \"Eckle, get your head down,\" Lem shouted, as he crouched in the driver's seat and slowed down. Chuck launched himself into the air, and came crashing down into the back and the instant he did, Lem slammed the Jeep into high gear and floored the accelerator - - Just in time to drown out the crashing sounds of the soldiers as they came through the trees. He kept himself low as they sped off. No doubt they would emerge onto the road, just in time to see the Jeep driving away. He didn't know if they'd be close enough or not, but he kept himself hidden in case they did shoot at him, or to prevent them from getting a good look at his face. Chuck's face appeared next to his, still smiling. \"Chuck make radio, not work.\" He said. His face had changed colour to that reddish crimson, and he was breathing heavily from his running. He must have put a lot of effort into it, Lem thought. \"So what's the plan now?\" Eckle asked. \"We drive as fast and as far as we can,\" Lem said. \"Then we ditch this thing and legit the rest of the way.\" \"Rest of the way where?\" Eckle asked. Lem opened his mouth to respond, but no words came out. Rest of the way where? Where!? His fingers tightened on the wheel as he stared blankly ahead. In rushing away, in the heat of the moment, in all the hast to get as far from the Planetarium as possible, he never stopped to think about where they were running too. Not even when they were floating down the river, he never once gave any thought to where they would go. Pit! He sighed and relaxed. This was one of the more embarrassing reasons Lem always ended up getting caught during his more rumbustious days. He never did think things through properly. He gave the others a nervous stare, too embarrassed to tell them he hadn't the slightest idea what to do next. \"Lem?\" Chuck asked. \"Where go?\" \"I don't know,\" Lem uttered. \"Hey,\" it was Eckle. \"I know; Skiff!\" Lem nearly slammed on the breaks. It was the primal urge to keep moving that prevented him from doing so. \"Are you insane?\" Lem hissed at him. \"Skiff's the last person who should know about Chuck.\" Eckle gave his older brother a sarcastic look. \"And why is that?\" He asked. \"Because he's an alien nut,\" Lem said. \"The Rings only know what he'll do if he ever gets his hands on Chuck. Besides, the guy has a bigger family than ours. Someone will spot him for sure.\" \"And where do we take Chuck then? Home with us?\" \"No,\" Lem answered dryly. \"And I wasn't suggesting that we let Skiff take Chuck back to his place; I'm suggesting we keep him at Haglogs Comics.\" Lem turned to speak, but Eckle quickly cut him off. \"Mr Haglog has already left town, and there's nobody there but Skiff.\" Lem turned and gave him a confused look. \"He's protecting the rare issues of-\" \"Junk body cares about,\" Lem cut in. \"Reason number fifty-six as to why we can't trust Skiff.\" \"No!\" Eckle pointed an accusing finger at Lem. \"That's just reason number fifty-six as to why you don't trust Skiff, but I trust him.\" Lem turned in shock. \"He's my friend, and I believe Chuck will be safe there; with him.\" Lem opened his mouth in protest by Eckle shot him a challenging look. Lem sighed and closed his mouth. Instead, he said, \"Are you one hundred percent positive we can trust him?\" \"If I can trust you, then you can trust Skiff,\" Eckle said. Lem sighed in defeat. \"Fine, we take Chuck to Skiff.\" \"Are you a moron!?\" The soldier in question couldn't answer. He was too terrified by General Grawl's face, twisted in rage just inches before his own. Finally, he managed to stammer out a \"Yessir.\" \"What were you thinking!? Just because the alien destroyed the radio, you abandoned your post?\" \"I panicked sir,\" the soldier answered truthfully. \"I ran off to find the others to let them know that we had no radio and that we were on our own.\" \"And you didn't see who stole your Jeep?\" The soldier shook his head. \"No sir, I was already in the forest when I heard it start up and drive off.\" Grawl turned to face the other three soldiers down the line. \"And what about your three?\" \"I thought I saw somebody, hunched over the steering wheel,\" the superior private answered. \"I didn't get a good look. I just saw the Jeep driving off down the road; but I can confirm that the alien was in the back.\" Grawl growled softly, then snapped out a \"Dismissed,\" and the three soldiers hastily saluted, before quickly making themselves disappear. Grawl watched them leave before turning back to face the Captain. They stood in the parking lot of the Planetarium which now swarmed with soldiers. It was late afternoon now, and the setting sun was casting brilliant orange rays across the landscape. \"Permission to speak freely, sir,\" the captain asked. \"Granted,\" Grawl sighed. \"General, don't you think you were a little hard on them?\" Grawl just grunted. \"Sir, you and I are both Great War veterans, surely you of all people know that under the stress of battle your mind often doesn't think clearly. Especially when you encounter the enemy for the first time.\" Grawl just nodded. \"I know, I know, captain,\" he muttered. \"I remember my first enemy contact during the war; it wasn't pretty.\" \"You're upset about who might have helped the alien?\" Grawl didn't even twitch, while the captain mentally nodded; that was it. The Jeep had been found not long ago, abandoned in the bushes, hidden well, not far from the main bridge that led into the town. \"You forget one question, Grawl my boy!\" They both turned to see professor Kipple hopping out of a car. \"Were they whiling participants?\" He then turned to the young man driving the car. \"That'll be all, Uthlop, go park the car and meet me inside with my kit.\" He made a bee-line for them as the car drove off. \"Professor,\" Grawl answered. \"You're not suggesting that whoever helped the alien were under mind control?\" Kipple guffawed. \"Do you honestly think I'm that stupid? We're not in a movie; no alien mind zombie slaves here.\" He shot the General a rye smile. \"But in your case, taking control of your mind wouldn't be too difficult a job.\" \"Professor, do you have something intelligent to add to this conversation,\" Grawl rubbed his forehead with the palm of his hand. \"My intelligence is significant enough to boost any conversation, General,\" Kipple said clenching eye around monocle. \"There's also the possibility that the alien could've planted some remote controlling apparatus onto the Jeep, which would explain why it drove off by its self?\" Grawl was silent. \"I'm not saying that it's true, but when the unknown is involved - combined with advanced technology - anything is possible, no matter how foolish it sounds.\" He turned away. \"Now if you'll excuse me, I think I'll go and investigate the alien's nest,\" he turned back to glare at Grawl. \"Unless of course, you lost that as well.\" Grawl gritted his teeth but said nothing. Kipple just turned away and headed for the Planetarium. The instant he vanished inside the building, Grawl snarled in frustration. \"That pompous windbag,\" he hissed through clenched teeth. \"If it weren't for...\" \"Sir?\" He turned to see a soldier, and standing to him was an old man wearing glasses. \"I've brought you the curator of the Planetarium as you asked; Professor Oglos.\" The man looked nervous, and his gazed darted this way and that. Grawl calmed down somewhat. \"Professor,\" he said walking towards the man. \"I'm General Grawl, and I hope we haven't inconvenienced you?\" \"I was just about to leave town when your soldiers showed up and asked me to meet with you,\" he trailed off as he looked about once more. Grawl noticed that he seemed worried about all the activity. \"Is there something wrong with the Planetarium?\" \"No, no, every thing's fine,\" Grawl said. \"It's just that the alien had been living in your building for a few days.\" The Professor did a double take. \"W-what!?\" He stammered. \"How? I mean, why? I mean, that's not possible!\" \"Calm down sir,\" Grawl said. \"Now, why would it not be possible?\" \"Because Lem was working there.\" Grawl's eyes narrowed. \"Who?\" \"Lem Korplog,\" Oglos said. \"I called the Planetarium the morning after the alien landed and Lem answered. He had shown up for work, you see, he's my assistant-\" \"He answered the phone?\" Grawl interrupted. \"Did he report anything unusual?\" \"No,\" the Professor said with a shake of his head. \"After I told him the Planetarium wouldn't be open, he just said he was going to clean up around the place and go home.\" Beside Grawl, the Captain was busy rubbing his chin. \"Korplog, Korplog,\" he muttered. \"That name sounds familiar.\" Suddenly he snapped his fingers. \"Of cause, the Korplog's! The alien landed in their front yard.\" He turned to Grawl. \"Kipple is living in their house at the moment.\" Grawl didn't say anything. He was busy thinking about what the Professor had said. Not only had this Lem kid had been here, but he hadn't reported anything unusual. \"Captain, where are the Korplogs at the moment?\" \"I believe that they were relocated to the new housing district just east of the main park.\" \"I think we should pay the Korplogs a little friendly visit. Especially this young Lem Korplog.\"[Chapter 6] AN: Sorry for taking this long. This time, it wasn't writers block, but rather my own dissatisfaction with the chapter. I did a few rewrites on it. Anyway, let's get the ball rolling. There's lot of things I want to talk about in my story and these LOOOOOOONG updates aren't making anybody happy. As all ways, constructive criticism wanted. The streets were almost deserted. Not that Lem was complaining. That made the job of getting to Haglog's Comics all the more easier. They'd driven the Jeep as close to the town as they dared possible, then hid it in the shrub on the side of the road. Getting into town proved to be a lot easier than first thought. There were no guards on the bridge like there had been earlier. Where had they all gone? Lem stopped wondering about that as he was just grateful that they were no longer there. After they crossed the bridge, they were in the town. Shops and houses were boarded up or closed. The sounds of people and traffic could still faintly be heard off in the distance but you had to stand still and really listen. They kept to the shadows, moving from building to building via alleyways. Sometimes, they had to make a mad dash across the street, but no one was around to raise the alarm. Chuck kept looking at the different shop windows that he passed and sometimes, much to Lem's annoyance, would stop to look at the merchandise on display. Once he even broke cover to look into an appliance store. He'd asked Lem about the dish washer being advertised but Lem kept him going. It was getting late in the afternoon by the time they finally reached the comic shop. They approached the front door before Eckle halted them. \"I'd better go in first,\" he warned. \"Skiff might freak out if he sees you with the alien,\" he pointed at Lem. Lem raised an eyebrow. \"What, he won't freak out about Chuck?\" \"He sent me after you, because he believes you're up to no good.\" Eckle answered and Lem groaned. Skiff had been dead set on believing that he'd been under alien mind control. \"Just make it quick,\" he said, looking around at the street behind them. \"I don't want to keep Chuck in the open any longer than necessary.\" \"I'll meet you around the back then.\" Eckle said. \"By the rear exit. Go through the Left alley and it's right next to you, on the right.\" Lem nodded, and as he turned to grab Chuck, something caught his eye. Floating around the street, was a bright purple flyer with bold red writing on it. Lem frowned. There was something interesting about that flyer that caught his eye, but he bumped into Chuck who he realised was pressing his face up against the display window of the comic shop. Lem hurriedly took hold of Chuck's arm, dragging him towards the back as Chuck was busy looking at the comics on display and wanted to know more about them. Lem assured him that there would be time later for a through explanation, but they had to get out of sight. The rear exit was where Eckle said it was and Lem waited, while trying best to answer Chuck's questions about every mundane thing that was in the back alleyway. Lem wasn't sure how much time passed while he was talking to Chuck, but just as he was trying to explain what a trash can was, the door lock clicked, opened, and Eckle's head emerged. \"Okay Lem,\" he said. \"He's ready.\" \"Hold on to your antenna,\" Lem muttered, as he took Chuck's hand and led him inside. \"What antenna?\" Chuck asked as they walked through the door. Lem was about to answer when he paused. Skiff was standing before them, but he was inside two Hessian sacks. He was standing inside one which covered up to his waist, and wore the other over the rest of his body, completely covering himself. Two eye holes were cut in the top one so that he could see out. \"What was to be demonstrated.\" Lem said with an air of 'I Told You So.' \"Now hold on there,\" the bags said. \"This is just a precaution. In case your alien master turns out to be contagious.\" \"Master! Oh for the love of –! Wait! What?\" Lem turned to look at Chuck, still holding his hand. \"Did you ever stop to think that it might be caring germs?\" \"That's...!\" He paused, before looking back at Chuck, then down at his hand, still holding Chuck's. He slowly let go. \"Lem?\" Chuck asked, confused. Lem gave Chuck a fearful look. What had he been exposed too? Suddenly he shook his head and glared back at Skiff. \"Wait a minute, how the Pit is THAT supposed to protect you from germs?\" He demanded, pointing at Skiff's getup. The bags shifted nervously. \"Well, you're supposed to do this in case of an atomic war.\" Came the response. \"Oh for -!\" Lem threw his arms up into the air in frustration, before stalking over and slamming the rear exit door shut. He then marched over to Skiff with an annoyed expression, and ripped off the top bag. \"Hey!\" Skiff cried out, and before anyone could do anything, Lem held up his hand, the one he'd used to hold Chuck's, so Skiff could get a good look at it before rubbing it right in his face. Skiff screamed as he fell over backwards, clawing at his face. \"I'm melting! I'm melting!\" Lem looked to Ekle who only shrugged. \"Skiff,\" Ekle said walking over to him, \"You face is not melting. You're fine.\" Skiff stopped clawing at his face and sat up. He carefully felt his face and sighed with relief. He kicked off the bag from his feet and stood up. \"We haven't got any alien germs, Skiff,\" Lem said as Skiff shot him a dirty look. \"And you know this how?\" He asked. Lem looked at Chuck. \"I've been in contact with Chuck for nearly two days now. Think about it, if we HAD any germs that would be harmful, we'd be showing some kind of symptoms.\" Or at least he hoped that was the case. If Skiff were right, then it would already be too late, and if that was the case, then he wanted to take Skiff with him. \"What germs, Lem?\" Chuck asked. Skiff turned at the sound of Chuck's voice. \"It can speak our language?\" Lem opened his mouth but Skiff silenced him with an absent wave of his hand. \"Yes, yes, I heard it before when it spoke your name, but I wasn't entirely sure it could speak.\" He walked up to Chuck and scrutinised him with a long hard look. He then placed his finger tips on his head, near his antenna as he closed his eyes, his face showed hard concentration. Suddenly, he stopped, looked up and gave Lem a quick once over, before looking back at Chuck. \"I can't detect any strange mental waves, so that knocks out my alien mind slave theory.\" Lem just rolled his eyes. Skiff then turned back to Chuck and patted his chest. \"Skiff,\" he said. Chuck gave him a quizzical looked. Skiff then leaned in so close to Chuck that Chuck did a double take. \" Skiiiiiifff !\" \"Uh!\" Lem quickly placed himself between Skiff and Chuck after noticing that Chuck was reaching towards the bulge in his pocket. \"You have to be calm and patient with him,\" Lem said. \"Speak softly and slowly.\" Chuck cocked his head to one side. \"Chuck no understand Skiff.\" \"You and me both, buddy,\" Lem said quitely. He then turned to Chuck. \"Chuck,\" he said getting the alien's attention. He then pointed at Skiff. \"Skiff.\" He then added with an expression that looked like he'd been forced to swallow a bitter pill, \"Skiff, good. Not bad. Good.\" \"Skiff, friend.\" Ekle added. \"Friend?\" Chuck asked. \"Friend good,\" Lem said. \"Ekle and Skiff. Friend. Friends.\" \"Friends.\" Chuck said as the expression on his face showed he was thinking about this. He looked over at Lem and smiled. \"Lem and Chuck, friends. Ekle and Chuck, friends.\" He then turned to Skiff. He hesitated before looking back at Lem. \"Skiff and Lem... Not friends?\" Both Skiff and Lem looked at each other. \"Uhh, Chuck!\" It was Ekle who broke in. \"Ekle, Skiff's friend. Chuck stay. Hide. Chuck hide with Skiff.\" \"Chuck hide with Skiff?\" He looked back at Skiff and then said something in human. Skiff startled everybody with an almost super sonic squeal. \"By the Rings!\" He cried out. \"Actual alien language!\" He moved in dangerously close to Chuck again with a huge grin. \"Say something else!\" Chuck stared back at Skiff with a confused look, before turning to Lem. \"Skiff... Funny,\" he said to Lem with a worried look. Funny? Lem suspected it wasn't because Skiff amused him. \"Relax, alien Chuck!\" Skiff said before anybody could answer, \"Your good friend Skiff will look after you.\" He winked at Ekle. \"You made a wise discussion brining it to me. Being an expert in all matters of alien life and all things alien and such.\" He paused, before shooting Lem a concerned look. \"Uhh, how exactly dose it use the bathroom?\" That question actually peaked Lem's interest. \"I... don't know.\" He answered as he looked at Chuck. Did humans even need to use the bathroom? \"Okay, okay, we'll burn that bridge when we get to it, so, what dose it eat? Are our foods poisonous to it's internal organs?\" Lem could only blink. \"I... don't know that ether.\" Now Skiff looked annoyed as he leaned in closer to Lem with his hands on his hips. \"Okay, dose it drink water then?\" Lem only shrugged. \"Well, how often dose it sleep? How do I know when it's in pain? Dose it mark it's territory? What are the signs it's ready to mate?\" Lem could only spread his hands in ignorance to the questions. Skiff let out a half strangled noise of frustration as he spun about and headed for the store front. \"I'm going to call my mom, let her know that I'll be staying here tonight.\" Ekle looked over at Lem. \"How am I supposed to know these things?\" Lem asked in defence. \"I mean, it's not like Chuck showed me. I mean, I just spent most of my time teaching him how to speak.\" \"Lem? What bathroom?\" Chuck asked. \"It's...\" Lem sighed and shrugged. \"Oh, come with me.\" He took Chuck's hand and led him into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. Ekle stood there watching the door, and jumped when a startled cry came from within. Ekle was about to rush forward when he realised that cry came from Chuck. There was a few more moments of eerie silence before the toilet flushed and the door opened. Lem looked embarrassed while Chuck looked horrified. \"Well, that's settled.\" They all turned to see Skiff returning from the front office. \"Mom will be showing up later with some home cooked food for me, but that's no biggy, I can hide Chuck from... What's up with you two?\" He asked. \"Chuck now knows what the bathroom is and let's just leave it at that.\" Lem said. \"I wish I had just a little knowledge of Chuck's biology,\" Skiff said moving on. \"That way I could at least know what kinds of food matter would be safe for him to eat.\" Chuck looked at Lem and before he could ask, Lem said, \"Food, Chuck. Skiff, know not people food good to humans.\" Chuck opened his mouth to respond, but he grimaced instead. He then muttered something in human as he crossed his arms and sulked. \"Chuck?\" Lem asked. \"What wrong?\" \"Objects,\" Chuck said. \"Objects know people food good or bad. Objects gone.\" Oh. \"What's this Objects?\" Skiff asked. \"Chuck had all this equipment with him.\" Lem answered. \"Human gadgets of all sorts. He was forced to leave them all behind when we fled the Planetarium. He's not too happy about that decision.\" \"Alien technology? Fascinating.\" Skiff rubbed his chin, and then shrugged. \"Too bad, it would've been interesting to study.\" He turned back to look at Chuck. \"But back to the point, My biggest concern is the food problem. I'd like to try trail and error, but that could be deadly to Chuck. Food that's perfectly fine to our biology could be harmful or even fatal to our alien friend.\" He then paused, before asking, \"Chuck? Chuck got human food? Got human food here?\" Chuck nodded, and reaching into a pocket in his blue leg coverings and pulled out a dull yellow package with red symbols on it. \"Twix,\" he said, before handing it to Skiff. \"Right,\" Skiff said taking the package. \"Twix must mean food. Now, let's see.\" He look at it in his hand. He turned the end around, and squeezed it, before repeating the processes on the other end. \"Chuck?\" He asked. \"Open? How open?\" Chuck took the package back and tore the end off, before handing it back. \"Wow,\" Skiff marvelled as he felt the skin of the package between fore finger and thumb. \"I've never seen materiel like this before.\" He walked over to the bench and with both Ekle and Lem looking over his shoulder, he carefully upended the package and two long thin brown logs slid out. \"Eww,\" Ekle cringed. \"That's gross! It looks like...\" \"What's it made of?\" Lem cut in, leaning in closer. \"Good question,\" Skiff mused as he opened a drawer and pulled out two scalpels used for model building. He stabbed one of the logs and carefully cut it in half. There was a crunching sound as he cut, and as he spread the two halves apart, a thick aurulent substance oozed out. \"That looks like jelly,\" Ekle commented. Skiff held up the half that was skewered on the scalpel in and sniffed. \"That smells strangely familiar.\" He muttered. Suddenly, before anyone could say anything, he took a small bite, chewed and swallowed. Both Lem and Ekle backed off, as if expecting Skiff to exploded. There was a dramatic silence in the room that seemed to last for hours. \"It's candy,\" Skiff suddenly said. He eyed the rest of the log. \"Not to bad ether.\" He then pulled the uneaten half off, and tossed it into his mouth. The two brothers let out a collective sigh of relief. \"So, dose that mean our food is okay for Chuck to eat?\" Lem asked. \"Possibly,\" Skiff answered as he swallowed the last of the human candy. \"What it dose mean is that they can eat sugar. It also opens up many other possibilities as well.\" He smiled. \"I do believe it's okay to go ahead with the trial and error option after all.\" He paused. \"But only with the basics. Like vegetables. No spices, seasoning's, flavourings, and other add ons.\" \"What about meat?\" Lem asked. Skiff shrugged. \"It's possibly harmless to him, but we're not too sure. At the moment, we know that sugar is harmless. That comes from plants, not meat. Then of cause, we have the whole problem of knowing whether or not humans are...\" He paused in mid lecture as if thinking about his problem before turning to Chuck. \"Chuck, open mouth.\" \"Mouth?\" Chuck asked. \"Mouth,\" Skiff said, pointing at his own, then opened his. \"Open mouth.\" Chuck did so, and Skiff leaned in for a better look. He hummed, before reaching back into the desk drawer and pulling out a flash light. He took a step towards Chuck, before leaning close to Lem and asking, \"Just making sure, but dose he spit acid?\" Lem shot him a disproving glare and Skiff apologetically nodded, before walking over to Chuck. He shone around inside Chuck's mouth and hummed with interest. \"What are you doing?\" Lem asked. \"Looking at his teeth,\" Skiff answered as he leaned back and motioned for the others to gather around. As they did, Skiff shone the flash light back inside Chuck's mouth and leaned back so that the others could see. \"Take a look at this. The side and rear teeth are flat-like, but the front teeth are narrow and pointed.\" \"Cool!\" Ekle said, craning for a better look. \"What's that mean?\" Lem asked. \"It means, that our alien friend here is omnivorous.\" Skiff answered leaning back. \"Omni-what?\" Ekle asked. \"It means Chuck can eat both meat and vegetables,\" Skiff answered. \"This is incredible. Most mammals are ether herbivores or carnivores.\" \"That means they eat ether plants or animals,\" Lem said to Ekle. \"I never thought that they could evolve to be both. Look! The front teeth are for slicing while the side and rear are for grinding. Fantastic!\" \"I thought most mammals ate plants?\" Ekle asked. \"They do, they do,\" Skiff said. \"But, mammals only make up a small portion of our planet's animal life, and those that do, are ether the lesser carnivores or more numerous herbivores; Not both. The majority of animal life on our world are reptiles, and a vast majority of them, like our selves, are capable of subsisting on a wide variety of food sources.\" He turned to look back at Chuck who had now closed his mouth and was watching all three of them with confused fascination. \"My guess is that since Humans are mammals, the majority of the animal life on Chuck's world are mammals that are omnivores.\" \"So dose that mean he can eat OUR meat?\" Ekle asked. \"I believe it dose,\" Skiff answered. They were interrupted by the phone ringing from the front of the shop. \"Excuse me,\" Skiff said as he jogged out the door. Ekle turned and gave a sly smile to his brother. \"So, I guess I made the right call, bringing Chuck to Skiff?\" Lem nodded back. \"Yeah, I guess you did.\" He ruffled his brothers cap playfully. \"You've got some smarts in there.\" \"And Skiff?\" \"Okay, okay,\" Lem said defensively. \"Skiff has too. I guess he's not a total space cadet.\" \"Ekle?\" Skiff called out from the front of the shop. \"It's your mother.\" Both brothers looked at each other, before looking around the shop, trying to find a clock to see what the time was. \"What time is it?\" Ekle asked. \"I guess we lost track of it,\" Lem answered. \"Tell Mom we're leaving right away.\" Ekle nodded and headed for the front office. \"Lem go?\" Chuck asked. \"Yes, Chuck,\" Lem answered. \"Lem go. Lem back tomorrow.\" \"Skiff?\" \"Skiff good, Chuck. Skiff not hurt Chuck. Skiff funny, BUT, Skiff good.\" Hearing that from Lem seemed to calm Chuck down. \"Lem?\" Ekle came back in followed by Skiff. \"Mom's a little worried that we didn't come home.\" Lem rolled his eyes. \"She said Dad's going to come pick us up on the way back from the power plant.\" Lem nodded. \"She doesn't want us walking home by our selves since the bus's no longer do night time services.\" Again, Lem looked around for a clock. What time was it? He wished there was a window or something that allowed him to see out, but was also glad that there weren't any in case people could look in and see Chuck. Chuck on the other hand gradually got over his suspicion of Skiff, as he started exploring the back room of the comic shop, asking about this and that. Skiff was more than happy to explain what comics where, although he went a little to in depth with some of the super hero's, completely losing the human. Eventually, there was a knock at the front door, signalling the arrival of their father. Skiff checked to make sure, and both Lem and Ekle said their goodbye's to Chuck, promising to return the next day. \"You two seem like you've had a good day,\" Lem's dad said as they exited the shop. \"And what where you up to? Your clothes are filthy!\" Lem and Ekle looked at each other. \"We were helping Skiff around the store,\" Ekle said before Lem could reply. \"Some of the back store cupboards haven't been cleaned out in a while.\" Lem's dad snagged the bottom of Ekle's shirt between two fingers. \"It looks to me like you've been running around in the bushes,\" he said. He paused, then added, \"Have you been swimming?\" \"A pipe burst,\" Ekle said. \"It was my fault, really. I wasn't following the proper directions and...\" He finished off with a half shrugging motion. Their father just 'humphed' before he nodded towards the car. \"You're mother's going to have the final word on that,\" he said. And then to Lem's surprise, he smiled. \"But it seems like you two enjoyed your selves. It's great to see you two getting along.\" They all got in the car and drove off. \"Mom's not too upset with us, is she dad?\" Lem asked, as they headed down the main road. \"Your mother worries Lem,\" his father replied with a snort. \"She's... WHOA!\" He slammed on the breaks just as an army truck filled with soldiers zoomed around the corner, followed quickly by another, and another. Six in total shot around the corner and raced off down the street. \"Well, it looks like somebody's in a hurry.\" Their father muttered, adjusting his glasses. Both Ekle shot Lem a worried glance, before Lem assured him with a nod, and pointed in the direction of the trucks, before pointing in the direction of the comic shop to let Ekle understand that they were heading for a completely different destination. That calmed down his brother some what. Soldiers were everywhere as they drove along. Most likely by now that they had discovered the discarded Jeep and were combing the town for the alien. That made Lem paused. Would they search every building? If that was the case, they could search Haglogs comics. Lem began to wonder if it really was such a bright idea leaving Chuck with Skiff. \"Hey, what is this?\" Lem looked up to see that they were approaching their temporary home. But in the driveway were three Jeeps, and soldiers were positioned strategically around the house. Lem tensed and Ekle gave a short intake of breath. Lem quickly put a hand on his brothers shoulder, drawing his attention and mouthed 'Let me do the talking.' Ekle nodded, but still looked nervous. They pulled up along the side of the road and got out. \"Excuse me, soldier?\" Their father said walking up to the superior private. \"Is there anything wrong?\" \"You live here sir?\" Their father nodded. \"The General would like to talk to your whole family. He's waiting inside.\" He nodded, and motioned for his two sons to follow. Ekle still looked nervous as they all walked inside. In the living room, their mother was carrying a tray full of cups which she was handing out to two men in uniforms. One was a captain by his rank and the other was rather tall for a person. The stars on his tabs showed he was the general. \"Ahh, honey, you're home,\" their mother said as she looked up. \"This your whole family, ma'am?\" The general asked. She nodded and he rose to his feet before eyeing to two boys. He gave Ekle a once over before eyeing Lem, and then asked \"You must be Lem Korplog?\" Lem watched as his fathers expression went from surprise to an icy glare that he directed at his son. \"What have you done this time?\" He said in controlled anger. The general followed that glare and walked forward. \"Mr Korplog, I'm General Grawl,\" he said, extending his hand. Lem took it reluctantly and shook it once. \"Son, are you aware of your whereabouts for the past few days?\" \"Yes,\" Lem answered. \"Can you tell me where you were the day after the alien landed?\" To everyone's surprise, it was Lem's own father who answered that question. \"He was at the Glipforg Planetarium; Smoking!\" Both Lem and Grawl turned to face him, surprise on their faces. \"What?\" Grawl asked. Lem's dad sighed. \"Sir,\" he said walking towards the man. \"My son's an 'A' Grade delinquent. Petty vandalism, theft, you name it.\" Lem just rolled his eyes. \"Really,\" the general said in a tone that indicated he couldn't care less if Lem were a serial killer. \"And how do you know what your son was doing that day?\" \"Because I was there at the Planetarium.\" He answered. \"I caught him. What's this all about?\" The general looked surprised. Then his face melted into a serious expression. \"Sir, the alien has been living at the Planetarium for the past few days.\" \"What!\" He cried out. \"No, I mean, that's not possible!\" The general smiled at the captain. \"That seems to be happening a lot.\" The captain chuckled. \"So, why would that not be possible?\" \"Because I never saw any alien when I was there.\" The general blink in surprise, then looked at Lem, and then back to his father. \"Did you look in the auditorium?\" He asked. \"No,\" he answered honestly. \"Did YOU look in the auditorium, son?\" \"No, sir, I didn't,\" Lem answered. \"My son is still alive general,\" Lem's father interrupted. \"I think that means he never saw the alien.\" Grawl turned and looked like he was about to say something in response to that, but he stopped, and quickly moved on. \"I suppose that is true,\" he said. \"But we'd still like to question your son about his time there.\" Lem's father took a step towards the general. \"Anything you have to ask my son you can ask in front of me.\" Both Lem and the general looked surprised. \"Dad?\" Lem asked. His father silenced him with a raised hand. \"Very well,\" Grawl said with a shrug. \"Let's do this right here then.\" He turned to Lem. \"Have a seat, Lem.\" Lem nodded and sat down. \"Lem,\" the general said as he sat down in the chair opposite. \"I'm not here to arrest you or anything. I want to make it perfectly clear that we,\" as he said this, he swept his arms to indicate the soldiers in the room, \"Are not the bad guys. We are not the Southern Alliance. We are your protectors. I'm saying this because I want to to also know that no matter what you have done, we will not hold it against you in any way.\" Lem nodded, keeping a straight poker face. Something he'd managed to master in his earlier days, with people screaming in his face. He was pretty good at it too, so much so that it drove the Sheriff nuts. He also learnt that unless they could prove it in the courts, he hadn't done it. \"Lem, despite what the movies say, this particular alien isn't that bad.\" Lem nearly lost his composure, but held it together. \"How do you know this?\" He asked. \"I mean, the news papers and radio and television have all been saying...\" \"That's not important right now.\" The general waved the question away. Lem could tell right away he wasn't the master of composure that he was and immediately picked up the irritation in his voice. \"Listen to me, Lem, this alien needs help. Proper help that only we can provide. Please, if you know anything, it would be best if you let us know right away.\" Lem nodded. He was quickly turning things over in his head. He had to make a decision right now, and there were way to many interesting questions that had arisen from what the general had said. \"Sir,\" he began. \"I...\" All heads turned at the sound of the door opening and in walked a short man wearing a trench coat and a monocle clenched between one eye. He gave the whole room a once over before settling his gaze on the family sitting down. \"So, that's the boy, is he?\" Kipple said as he shuffled over to the gathering. \"Professor Kipple?\" Grawled appeared caught off guard. \"Aren't you supposed to be...\" \"Supposed to be, and reality are two different things, General,\" Kipple said, turning a disproving stare at the man. \"You're not going to muddle things up again. It's my turn, and this time, I'll show you how it's done properly.\" The two men were shooting each other daggers. \"Of cause, if you have any concerns,\" he eyed the phone sitting on a table just behind Grawl. \"YOU can talk to the Prime Alpha.\" Lem's dad quickly interjected. \"Excuse me, but who are you and what do YOU want with my son?\" He looked over at Lem who seemed to be thinking hard about something as he eyed Kipple with suspicion. \"Your son was in the same building as the alien, Mr. Korplog,\" Kipple said. \"And he didn't see a thing. I think that's a good enough reason to want to talk to him.\" \"I was in the same building as the alien, Doctor, and I didn't see a thing,\" his father said back. \"Do you want to talk to me?\" \"It's Professor,\" Kipple corrected with a roll of his eyes. \"Professor, how did you find out about this?\" Grawl asked. \"Word travels fast, General,\" Kipple responded. \"And besides, it doesn't take a genius like myself to add things up when you suddenly shift troops about. Also, you're not exactly subtle when you give orders.\" \"Beyond the Rings!\" Everybody turned there heads as Lem shouted. Lem was pointing at Kipple with an air of excitement. \"Uhh, yes, that was my third book,\" Kipple answered in confusion. \"I LOVED that book!\" Lem shouted as he leapt from his seat and rushed over to Kipple. \"Oh, Professor Kipple, it's such an honour to meet you. I'm a big fan, I have all your books. Life, the Universe, and Everything. Other Worlds. Beyond the Rings. Aliens... Beyond the Rings was my favourite.\" Kipple appeared some what caught off guard by Lem's outburst. \"You... Really?\" \"Yeah,\" Lem said as he headed for another room. \"Could you just wait for a second?\" They all watched him vanish from sight, listening to the sound of rummaging, before Lem returned holding a book in one hand and a pen in the other. \"Professor,\" he asked, holding both out to him, \"Could you sign my book?\" The book was 'Beyond the Rings' with half the cover taken up by the title, and the other half by Kipple himself, pointing towards the rings in the night sky. Kipple looked from the book, back to Lem and smiled. \"Why certainly young man.\" He took both the book and the pen. \"Lem Korplog, wasn't it?\" He asked. Lem nodded and Kipple signed the cover before handing it back to Lem who seemed ready to explode with glee. The Captain leaned in close to Grawl and whispered, \"Whaddayah know, the professor has a fan base.\" \"I'm liking this kid even less,\" Grawl whispered back. He then stepped forward. \"Lem, I'm glad that you like Professor Kipple, but we need...\" \"Hold on, General,\" Kipple stopped him by baring his path with an arm. \"It's obvious this boy has nothing to do with the alien, isn't that right son?\" Lem nodded enthusiasticly. \"Oh yeah, and besides,\" Lem said, \"If I would've seen him, I would've called the army right away and left. After all, there might be harmful germs this alien could be carrying.\" \"Professor!\" Grawl was silenced again as Kipple grabbed his arm and took him outside, closing the front door behind him. Lem watched as they stood on the front lawn, Grawl shouting at Kipple while the professor talked back calmly. Their discussion muted to warped sounds through the closed door. \"Is what he says true?\" They all turned to see Lem's father talking with the captain. \"Is the alien really harmless?\" \"I'm sorry sir,\" the man replied, \"But I'm not at liberty to say.\" \"But if it is harmless, shouldn't you let people know this? I mean we've lost one third of the towns population already. The economy around here has nearly ground to a halt.\" \"I'm sorry sir, but only the General can divulge that information.\" Lem turned to look out the front window at Grawl and Kipple on the lawn. He'd turned to see what they were doing after he realised that the muffle sounds of arguments had disappeared. Grawl had now adopted a serious expression on his face while Kipple was still calmly talking with some rather animated gestures. \"But...\" \"Sir,\" the captain interrupted. \"You're a former military man, right?\" Lem's father nodded. \"Surely you understand that there is information that shouldn't be made public? You know that the wrong information at the wrong time could cause a world of trouble.\" Lem's father nodded slowly. \"So please, no more questions.\" All were interrupted by the front door opening, and Grawl and Kipple entered the room. Both had unreadable expressions on their faces. \"Captain,\" Grawl said \"We've waisted our time here, let's go.\" For a split second, the captain looked surprised, before quickly covering it up and ordering everyone out. Kipple exited leaving Grawl the only one left. \"Sir,\" he said to Lem's father. \"I apologise for wasting your time,\" he looked over at Lem. \"And you're too, son. I'm sorry for questioning your loyalty to your government.\" \"That's okay,\" Lem's dad responded. \"There was no harm done.\" \"Please, all of you,\" Grawl added suddenly. \"It would be greatly appreciated and it would also be a great help to our operation if you didn't talk about what you heard or what transpired here.\" He paused. \"Please?\" \"You can count on me, sir,\" Lem's dad said. \"My family will do our duty.\" The general nodded and saluted. Lem's dad returned the salute and Grawl left. \"So, dad,\" Ekle asked, drawing everyone's attention. \"What do we do?\" \"Exactly what the General asked of us,\" was the response. \"We keep silent.\" \"Thanks for sticking up for me, Dad,\" Lem said. His father turned to face his son, and then smiled. \"Well, for a split second, I was ready to throw you to the firing squad, because I thought you were up to your old tricks again, but seriously, in league with the alien!\" He scoffed. \"I know you well enough to know even you're not dumb enough to try something like that.\" Lem nodded and gave a small chuckle. Ekle drew his lips tight into a straight line. \"I didn't know you had an idle?\" It was his mother who spoke that. \"Professor Kipple?\" Lem asked. \"Yeah, I've followed his works. He's a real genius, knows his stuff.\" \"So what's he do?\" His father asked as he folded his arms and cocked his head to one side. \"He talks about other worlds,\" Lem answered of the cuff. \"How they'd be different from our own, what kind of life would grow there, that sort of thing.\" \"I see,\" his father replied with a small nod. \"Fascinating.\" Lem detected a hint of something else there, but before he could pursue it any further, his mother chimed in. \"I bet you boys are hungry, right?\" She winked. \"I made your favourite.\" \"Oh boy,\" Eckle cried as he pushed past Lem and hurried to the kitchen. Lem's head was still spinning as he headed for the kitchen. He couldn't believe it. Professor Kipple. He'd meet Professor Kipple. His cheer evaporated as another thought floated into his mind. How did the army know he'd been at the Planetarium? Did he leave behind something that pointed directly at him? What? And if that was the case, what else was there to link him to Chuck. He swallowed a nervous lump. Was hiding Chuck the wrong course of action after all? That General guy had said that the alien was harmless. What if they just wanted to open negotiations with Humans? What if, what if. The longer he kept Chuck hidden the more trouble seemed to be piling up on his back. He abruptly stopped as he was half sitting down at the kitchen table. Wait a slagging minute, how the Pit would the Army know that Chuck is harmless? The only reason they would, would be if they already knew about the existence of humans. Was Skiff right after all? Was there really some deep dark cover up behind all this? \"Honey?\" Lem looked up to see his mother and the rest of his family all looking at him. \"Is there something wrong?\" \"No,\" Lem said, sitting down. \"Just... thinking about something,\" he said. His mother shrugged while his father just stared expressionlessly back at him. The captain looked over his shoulder as the Korplog house disappeared around the bend in the street. He then turned to Grawl and asked, \"Sir, may I ask what's going on?\" \"Isn't it obvious,\" Kipple said from the front seat. \"The boy's plainly hiding the alien, but he doesn't trust us.\" \"But he trusts you.\" The captain said. \"Exactly,\" Kipple replied. \"We need this boy on our side. Convince him that we're the good guys and handing the alien over to us is the best solution available.\" \"So it was him who helped the alien escape from the Planetarium. If that's the case, the kids clearly breaking the law, Why don't we just haul him in, and force him to lead us to the alien and take it?\" Kipple shook his head. \"The alien is scared,\" Kipple said. \"It's frightened, alone, that much we're able to understand. All eyewitness accounts of the alien's first arrival prove that. As for why we're leaving the kid alone, think about it like this; Put your self in it's place. You're alone, stranded on an alien world populated by natives you didn't expect to encounter with no idea what's going on. Your only means of escape is lost to you and you've no idea who you can trust. Suddenly, you have a contact. A native who is friendly. And this native has risked it's own safety to ensure your own. What would you do? \"I'd cling to that native like glue. Trust it with my life.\" \"Exactly,\" Kipple said, ponding a fist into his palm. \"This boy is our only link to the alien, and he's it's only link to our world and since that's the case, forcing the boy to take us to the alien and taking it at gun point will turn the alien against us.\" The Captain nodded. \"I see, you want kid to take YOU to the alien by his own free will.\" \"Precisely, and since this boy is a fan of me, that shouldn't be to difficult.\" He grinned. \"After all, anybody who realises the importance of my work and genius isn't that bad a person.\" Both the Captain and Grawl shot each other looks. \"Sir,\" the Captain said, \"There's something else I wanted to talk to you about.\" Grawl signalled acknowledgement and the captain continued. \"I don't think it was wise revealing our knowledge about the alien in front of the family like that. The kids father drilled me about the alien, asking how come we didn't inform the public that it's harmless.\" \"Yes, my actions were hasty,\" Grawl mused, \"But the only other option would be to take the kid away for questioning, and his father would've screamed to the Rings up high if we'd done that with no evidence to link him to the alien. Especially since his father could back him up. The media would've pounced on that like hungry predators.\" \"I hope they will keep silent,\" the Captain said. \"If they do talk that's going to come straight back to us and force us to answer a lot of questions that are going to be potentially embarrassing for both us and the Council of Thirteen.\" \"Yes, yes, I know,\" Grawl grunted unhappily. \"And that would lead to trouble with the Southern Alliance.\" The Captain grimaced at the thought. \"But, Mr Korplog did give me his word, and as a former soldier and Great War veteran, I believe he will keep it.\" They rode the rest of the way back to their HQ in silence. The bright spot lights that surrounded the alien pod light up the area as they arrived back. As they exited the Jeep, Kipple snapped orders to his assistant, telling him to make room for a new guest they'll expect to have tomorrow. \"What are you doing?\" The captain asked. \"We're going to do this the RIGHT way, Captain; My way.\" Kipple said. \"Tomorrow, I'm going to accidentally run into young Mr Korplog and no doubt, while we're discussing my brilliance, I'll offer him a position as a temporary assistant, so that I can gain his trust.\" \"I already have a man left discreetly behind to watch the kid,\" Grawl said. \"He's going to keep an eye on him for Kipple, and then the rest is up to him.\" Grawl yawned and looked at his watch. \"It's been a long and frustrating day,\" he said. \"I'm going to bed early. But I want...\" \"General!\" They both turned at the sound of a Sargent running up to them. \"General Grawl,\" he cried out. He was waving about a bright purple flyer containing bold red writing, which he promptly handed over. \"Sir, these are plastered all around the city.\" Grawl grabbed it and gave it the once over. His eyes bulged and his teeth clashed together with such force the Captain was surprised they didn't shatter. \"That stupid...!\" He snarled before turned to face the Sargent. \"They've been distributed all over town, sir,\" the man replied as Grawl handed it to the Captain who uttered a short, sharp curse once he saw it. \"While we were on manoeuvres around the Planetarium, that's when they did it.\" The General gave a half snarl, half choking sound. \"I have to call the Prime Alpha,\" he grunted as he made an abrupt about face and stormed off. \"What's going on?\" Kipple demanded as he walked up to the group. \"This,\" Kipple took one of the flyers, and adjusted his monocle, and froze. \"Oh,\" was all he said. \"This... Will cause problems.\" TBC...[Chapter 7] AN: Hey guys. I'm back. First off, a big thank you for putting up with my lateness. I've got the whole story worked out in small sections, but the problem has always been filling in the blanks between those sections that doesn't turn it into padding. Second, I need to go back and do some proper editing of my story, like some goofs I made. Most importantly, I was never satisfied with the way I introduced the plot that Lem was a fan of Kipple. I meant to hint at it earlier on, but forgot about it. To me, the way I just shoe horned it in, just pops out of left field to me. Third, I'm on a writing streak at the moment, so I should have the next chapter up next week. Yes, next week, not three months from now; Next week. Anyway, enjoy, and as always, please, constrictive criticism wanted. It's the only way I learn. The morning sun was already shining with intensity as Lem awoke and readied himself for the new day. He looked up at the ceiling, missing his sky light view of the stars above him. Now he had to settle for a room in the corner of a house that still stank of fresh paint. He hurried down the stairs and into the kitchen where Eckle was already finishing up his breakfast. \"Morning, honey,\" his mother chimed as he seated himself down at the table. Lem echoed the greeting as he devoured his own breakfast. \"So,\" his mother said once he handed her his bowl. \"What are you two getting up to today?\" Lem gave Eckle a questioning look, who nodded back. \"Remember Lem,\" he said, \"We promised to help Skiff over at the comic shop.\" \"Oh, right,\" Lem said. \"Totally slipped my mind.\" He looked up at the clock. \"We'd better hurry over, don't...\" The door bell rang. Their mother glided out of the kitchen towards the front door. He watched his mother leave, before leaning in close to Eckle. \"Are you sure it's wise to go see Chuck? The army knows about us. They might be watching.\" \"But we promised Chuck,\" Eckle responded. \"We said we'd be back, and Skiff might panic if we...\" \"Oh boys!\" They turned as their mother called from the front door. \"You have a visitor.\" Both brothers shot each other worried looks before turning to see Skiff walk through the front door. \"Skiff?\" Lem almost cried out in surprise. \"What are you doing here?\" He then quickly added, \"I thought we were supposed to meet you at the comic shop.\" Lem also frowned at the shirt Skiff wore. That stupid white tee-shirt he often wore at the comic shop, the one emblazoned on the front with a cartoon bespectacled nerd standing triumphantly over a dead alien corpse holding duel smoking guns. The legend on the back read Alien Squad – We can handle it from here. We've seen all the movies. The comic shop sold those things by the boat load. \"Yes you were,\" Skiff said, nervously fidgeting with a bright purple flyer. \"But I need you guys over there, right away.\" The two brothers both rose from the table wordlessly, and followed Skiff outside. \"Be back before dusk you two,\" their mother cried out as they started walking down the drive way to Skiff's car. \"We will.\" Eckle answered as they all got in, and drove off down the street. Lem watched as their house disappeared around the corner, before turning back to Skiff. \"Alright, what's the deal? Where's Chuck?\" He paused. \"And why are you wearing that?\" \"Chuck's fine,\" Skiff said, as he turned a corner. \"And what's wrong with the shirt? I thought I'd wear this so that anyone who sees it knows I won't be hiding the alien.\" He gave a conspiratorial wink. \"Throw them off the track.\" Lem wanted to shout at him that that logic was stupider than his theory that Lem had been under alien mind control. He wanted to, but he didn't; he just let it slide. Skiff gave him a look, as if expecting to be chastised for his idea. He blinked in surprise at the lack of response, before he shook his head, as he remembered something else that needed attention. He reached for the folded up purple flyer beside him and thrust it into Lem's hands. \"Besides, there's something else you guys need to worry about.\" Lem looked at the flyer, before taking it. \"Hey,\" he said as he unfolded it. \"I saw one of these the other...\" He trailed off. Eckle, who was in the back seat, leaned forward to get a better look. The top half of the flyer was taken up by bold red letters that read, \"Come To Glipforg.\" Under that it read, \"The Alien Town Now Has A Real Alien.\" The second half of the flyer was taken up by a cartoonist's representation of Chuck in his domed helmet and white suit. Lem looked at the picture. It wasn't half bad. It wasn't even exaggerated ether. He wondered how they got a picture of the Chuck to work from in the first place. Suddenly, the implications of the flyer hit him. \"Oh Pit.\" He muttered. \"Exactly.\" Skiff muttered. \"Let me see it,\" Eckle pinned, as he strained to grab the flyer. Lem handed it to him. Eckle took only a few seconds to read the whole thing before he gave a sharp intake of breath. \"Where did this come from?\" Lem asked. \"They're plastered all over the whole town,\" Skiff responded as they exited the residential area and entered the business district. \"Everybody's saying that the mayor's behind it. There's even rumours that he's even managed to raise the quarantine barrier to let people in.\" As if to emphasise the meaning, small knots of civilians started sprouting along the side walks. In fact, Skiff had to stop for three groups that crossed at the pedestrian crossings. \"Great,\" Lem muttered as they approached the comic shop. \"Just great.\" Skiff parked his car outside the shop, and they all filed out. Looking around at the sparse crowds, Lem couldn't help but wonder how they would move Chuck if the need ever arose. It would be much more difficult now. \"Hey,\" Eckle pointed across the street. \"Will you get a load of that.\" The others turned to see a group of teenagers wearing costumes. Alien costumes that were based somewhat around Chuck's space suit. Lem raised a brow in curiosity at the sight, before shaking his head. \"Freaks,\" he muttered as he headed for the front door. Skiff was still standing by his car, shop keys in hand, observing the crazily clad collection. \"Not bad,\" he murmured. \"Although that helmet looks way too fake. What is that; A fish bowl? The stitching is too visible on that one... Now that's an interesting idea. I wonder if she makes those things for sale or hobby? I hope they wouldn't mind if I took a few photos?\" \"Skiff?\" He turned to see Lem empathetically pointing at the locked shop door. One of the most interesting scientific inventions, as far as Grawl was concerned, was the ability to hold a multi-way conversation over the telephone. Even better was the fact that the conversation was being held over a secure line that was being scrambled at one end and unscrambled at the other, leaving anyone in the middle who just happened to be listening in, listening to nothing but gibberish. Not that it mattered right now. As far as Grawl was concerned, what the Mayor was spouting was gibberish. \"You can't just criticise me like that without knowing the dyer situation I'm in,\" he responded. \"I not only have to look out for my people, but it's future as well. Pit, we've already lost one quarter of our population. The economy has officially ground to a halt. Only the basics are still going.\" \"Mayor Toslog,\" the Prime Alpha said, \"The quarantine was in place for a reason. I understand you're looking out for your people, but opening it, and doing it behind the General's back, amounts to treason.\" \"Please, sir,\" the Mayor begged. \"The towns people are all leaving. We're going to have a ghost town before too long. People aren't working. The lower class workers, who do all the menial jobs, are suffering.\" \"What do you mean, suffering?\" Grawl cut in. \"It's only been three days.\" \"Going on four,\" the Mayor shot back. \"As I said earlier, only the basics are running, and it's the presence of your soldiers and their spending money that's keeping the town alive. And even then, that's just barely, considering that many of them don't get much time off. What people that are left are far too busy to spend money. The whole economic situation is stretched dangerously tight at the moment. All it's takes is one little shift in any direction and the whole thing with snap. Lifting the barrier will help breath more life into the town before something gives way.\" \"You could've just waited until I got the alien...\" \"And you haven't in three days going on four!\" The Mayor snapped back. \"All your troops and what do you have to show for it? Nothing!\" Grawl's jaw tightened in frustration. \"By the Pit, it's just like that last time, when...\" \"Mayor please!\" The Prime Alpha cut in. \"What happened last time, was not entirely Grawl's fault. He was the commanding officer on the spot, and used his best judgement to his ability.\" \"Then why is he still in charge when he clearly can't do, what he's been training the past 10 years for?\" \"Because nobody else has the experience in this field like the General dose, that's why!\" The Prime Alpha sounded irritated. \"My predecessor saw the logic in that ten years ago, and ten years later, I do to.\" \"Thank you, sir,\" Grawl said. \"What about contamination?\" The Prime Alpha asked. \"Is what the Beaker-Boys telling me true?\" \"Yes sir,\" Grawl answered. \"They all say if the alien was carrying deadly germs we'd all show some kind of symptoms by now. In fact, they're more worried about the alien being susceptible to our germs.\" \"See?\" The Mayor retorted. \"There's no need for the barrier.\" \"But someone from the outside could give the alien germs,\" The Prime Alpha said. \"I think the logic, if reversed would be the same,\" the Mayor said back. There was a silence as if the Prime Alpha was thinking about that. \"Sir,\" the Mayor quickly piped up, trying to keep the initiative. \"It won't cause any problems, in fact, I think this could work for all of us. Think about it. If this alien is as crowd shy as the smarts say it is, then it will stay away from large crowds, and that should narrow down it's hiding locations and help the General find the alien much faster. After all, Glipforg is just a town, not a city.\" \"I don't know...\" \"I could cater to the media?\" The Mayor added helpfully. \"That should keep them off your back, Genearl. Allow you to do your job.\" For a moment, Grawl actually thought that sounded fine. Having the media off his back would be a Rings sent miracle. \"You're forgetting one thing, Mayor. Having all those people in the town, what if they run across the alien and try to bring it in them selves? This could lead to huge problems. What if there ends up being no place for the alien to hide and it ends up being cornered and lashes out?\" \"What if, what if,\" The Mayor sounded annoyed. \"We could spend all day sitting here arguing the pros and cons of this, and it STILL won't get us the alien.\" \"He's right,\" the Prime Alpha agreed. \"Maybe this will work for us. Mayor, I will allow you to have your way for now, but if things turn nasty, Grawl will have what ever power he wants to do what ever he wants, understand?\" \"Yes sir,\" the Mayor said hastily. \"Good, now I'm going to have to ask you to leave, I have important military matters to discus with the General. Also, I have the Foreign Affairs Alpha joining us very soon to discuss the international situation as well. These discussions your not entitled to listen in on.\" \"Yes sir,\" the Mayor snapped. \"Goodbye, and thank you from the bottom of my...\" \"Go!\" There was a click, and the Mayor was gone. \"Sir?\" Grawl asked. \"Why did you agree to that?\" \"There's something that's bothering me,\" the Prime Alpha said. \"Why would the Mayor be all panicky about the economy like this in just four days. Maybe three weeks or a month I can understand, but four days? Something's up. I AM a politician after all, General. I can smell political pressure a mile away.\" \"You think somebody might be forcing him to do this?\" \"And I want to know who?\" The Prime Alpha said. \"I know the man. I've met him on at least half a dozen occasions. He's a master sales man, but he wouldn't be so stupid as to operate behind our backs. If we give him what he wants, that'll calm him down, and maybe even allow him to drop his guard. However, I don't want your people dealing with this. I'm going to have the Commonwealth Rangers to look into the matter.\" The Commonwealth Rangers were a nation wide police force operated by the federal government. They had jurisdiction everywhere. The Prime Alpha continued speaking. \"That reminds me, you might want to replace the militia with your own troops so something like that never happens again.\" Grawl shook his head, even though he knew the Prime Alpha couldn't see him doing so over the phone. With more of the town militia being organised, they had been hastily installed at the barricade's outside of town. This was one of the draw backs to when Grawl had ordered more men pulled for the search for the alien back at the planetarium. That militia group that had been used to replace the soldiers at the barricade was being commanded by a few low ranking members of the town council, which is how the Mayor managed to lift the barricade. \"No sir,\" he answered. \"I need every available man I have right now, unless you can send me more troops?\" Before that question could be answered, there was a loud beep, indicating that someone was joining the conversation. There were three clicks, and another voice flowed over the wire. \"-lo? Hello, can you here me?\" Grawl recognised him as the Foreign Affairs Alpha. \"Yes we can, Fleg,\" The Prime Alpha said. \"Thank you for joining me.\" \"The pleasure is all mine, your excellency,\" he responded. \"Is the General present?\" \"I am,\" Grawl answered. \"What's the foreign situation?\" \"Complicated,\" Fleg replied, and then got straight to the point. \"Why haven't you found the alien yet?\" His question came out sounding flustered. Grawl sighed. \"I know you got pressures, sir. I know -\" \"Do you? Really?\" The Foreign Affairs Alpha cut Grawl off. There was a long pause, before the man continued. \"I have diplomats from every island nation, city state, and big-shot wannabe, including those from the Alliance sphere of influence if you can believe it, all banging on my door demanding a seat a the discussion table regarding this whole affair. It doesn't matter how many times I tell them we have no idea what's going on, we don't have the alien; They don't care. They won't listen. To them, I'm the man who's in direct contact with the Prime Alpha and who advises him on matters regarding their vile little country. And the worst of it is, I just can't tell them to take a picnic in the Pit because some of them, at least, we need to keep the Alliance in check.\" The Prime Alpha mused conservatively. \"And what are some of those people doing right now?\" \"Only contributing to my already severe head ache, sir,\" the Councillor replied. \"There's only so many my Beta can handle, but I also have all the governments of the border countries screaming at our ambassadors about the military build-up on the Alliance side, begging us to send more of everything to their specific country, while citing line and verse of our treaty obligations.\" \"And the Alliance?\" \"Their ambassador is stalking me,\" the Councillor said through gritted teeth. \"Did you know the Flurking bastered was waiting outside my house when I got home the other day. Two hours he was sitting on my front porch. And then he has the nerve to follow me inside, all the while demanding answers about the alien landing and our military build up.\" \"I see,\" The Prime Alpha replied. He to was silent, and then asked, \"So what do you need?\" \"I need some answers to give,\" the Councillor answered. \"I need orders, sir. I need to know what we're going to tell our friends, as well as our not so friendly neighbours. I need to get on the phone to our border allies and give them something to make them relax. The most important piece of information I'm going to need is the alien it's self. Everyone's going to demand hard evidence of this and only seeing the alien in the skin is going to convince a lot of people.\" There was a brief pause as the sounds of papers rustling were faintly heard over the phone. \"Plus I've seen the symbol of allegiance it bears. I also want to ask it about the S-\" \"That will be a military matter for now, Councillor,\" Grawl interrupted. On the other end, the Councillor guffawed. \"If you don't do something soon, General, we will have a REAL military situation in our hands. Let me spell out the big picture for you. Everyone one who is anyone has pulled out their guns, unsure of which direction to point them in. All the others who's gun aren't as big are jumping up and down, screaming and pointing at the other guy. Whom do we aim our guns at? Is there going to be a military threat? Is this visit a friendly hello, or an advanced scout? All the experts say the former, but how do we prove this? And while we stand about with our guns drawn with no clear and present danger, the others who also have their guns out will start to get suspicious.\" \"Well,\" Grawl said slowly. \"We have a clear idea on where the Alien might be hiding.\" \"Then go get it!\" The Councillor snapped. \"That'll take a lot of my shoulders.\" \"It's not that easy.\" Grawl responded. \"Some kid is hiding him.\" \"Some kid!\" Both the Prime Alpha and the Foreign Affairs Alpha said in unison. \"Let me explain,\" Grawl added quickly. \"We know the Alien is scared. However, he's managed to make friends with this boy, and we believe it trusts him. This is a positive sign that it's friendly. Since that's the case, we're trying to 'Convince' the boy that we're the good guys, and to get him to 'Convince' the alien of this, so that the alien will come to us rather than us coming to the alien.\" \"Oh, I see,\" the Councillor muttered. Grawl smiled. Both men would understand political manoeuvring and negotiations. \"How long to do you think it'll take?\" The Prime Alpha asked. \"Kipple is handling that operation,\" Grawl said. \"He says he can do it within 48 hours.\" There was a long silence from the other side. \"Is there any way he could accelerate that deadline?\" The Councillor asked. He sounded nervous. \"You'll have to talk directly to him about that,\" Grawl answered. \"He tries to ignore me as much as possible.\" Grawl hopped by adding that last sentence, that he'd gain some control back over what effectively was his operation. The Councillor just 'Mmmed' over the phone. \"I'll talk to Kipple,\" The Prime Alpha said, breaking the silence. \"I know how best to deal with him. In the mean time Grawl, this raising of the barrier will cause problems for your men. I want to do something for you to make up for it. What do you need?\" \"More personal, sir.\" Grawl said off the cuff. \"When do my reinforcements come, and how many will there be?\" The Prime Alpha was silent quite a bit longer this time. \"Well, that's not such an easy question to answer, General,\" he said. \"Things are... difficult.\" He sounded defensive, not a good sign. \"The High Command have been mustering all forces, including our reserves towards the southern border, and I've had to agree.\" \"Sir?\" Grawl was confused. The Prime Alpha answered the question before he could ask. \"Some transcripts intelligence has been able to decode have being throwing around Green Dawn.\" There was no comment from the Foreign Affairs Alpha, while Grawl just tightened his grip on the phone. From what intelligence had decoded, Green Dawn was an Alliance plan which hypothesised discovery of the Northern Powers intention to launch a surprise attack on the Great Southern Continent. In which such a case, the Alliance military doctrine was the same as anyone else's; the best defence is a good offence. The plan called for an pre-emptive strike using the forces stationed along the border countries. It wasn't a full-scale invasion plan, merely a decisive battle plan which was designed to destroy the armies of the enemy on their own soil and force their leaders to the negotiation table. By the Rings. This could mean another war. The last war had been terrible enough, and the one thing this world didn't need was another one. What would they call a second Great War? The Greater War? The Prime Alpha's voice brought him out of his daydream. \"So, the sooner you get this Alien in your custody, the sooner every one can clam down. Time is running out General, and your actions could mean the difference between war and peace.\" Chuck was sitting, cross legged on the floor with his back to them, in the shops store room when they walked in. He was writing on a note pad, while occasionally leaving gaps that he filled with crude drawings. Lem craned forward, and got a glimpse of intricate regularity that could only be human writing. In Lem's eye, it looked like control squiggles leaning to the right. The doodles that Chuck had drawn were of products that obviously had been advertised on TV. There was even a few of Skiff's robot toys was crammed in. Chuck had been busy as a good number of papers lay folded over the top of the note pad. Chuck looked up as Lem's shadow fell over him, and he smiled. \"Lem.\" He said. He turned and greeted Eckle too. \"Chuck okay?\" Lem asked, checking him over. No signs of any surgery. \"Chuck good.\" He replied. \"Skiff, good. Skiff teach Chuck.\" \"Skiff teach Chuck, what?\" Lem asked. \"Local aliens.\" He flipped back a few pages on his note pad, and showed Lem a picture he'd drawn. \"Aliens, on next planet.\" Lem's did a double take. On the page was a seductive pose of a rather buxom woman dressed up in a skin tight suit holding a death ray. \"All female, no males. Raid this planet for males.\" Lem was flabbergasted, before he finally realised what was going on, and he turned a suspicious eye towards Skiff. \"What movie was that?\" He asked. \"Sultry Sirens of Stshan.\" Skiff replied. \"It was on last night as part of the sci-fi classics.\" \"Skiff, you idiot, he thinks they're real aliens.\" He sighed before pointing at the picture. \"Chuck, movie. Movie, story. Not real. Movie like radio; Entertainment.\" Chuck looked at the picture, and back at Skiff. \"Skiff say, this real.\" \"I said it was a REAL classic.\" Skiff responded in his defence. \"I didn't know he'd take what I said for a literal translation.\" Chuck looked confused, before flipping back through more pages, eyeing some of what he'd written with suspicion. Then he set about editing his notes. \"By the Pit, what else have you been teaching him?\" Upon saying that, Chuck looked up from his work. \"Lem?\" He turned to face Chuck. \"What Pit?\" Lem blinked, while Eckle laughed. Skiff frowned. \"You say Pit, lots. You, Eckle, Skiff, all say Pit, lots. Say Pit when angry. Say Pit when... surprise? Say Pit when good. No understand. What Pit?\" \"How can anyone not know about the Great Rings or the Pit?\" Eckle guffawed. \"Now this will be a challenge,\" Skiff said. \"How do you explain things like spirits and the after life to an alien?\" \"How do you mean?\" Lem asked. \"Well, being such an advanced race, humans wouldn't have burdened themselves with such things like religion, believing instead in logical creation and evolution.\" Skiff said. \"Instead focusing on technological advancement. How else could they have mastered space flight before us?\" Lem nodded. The Pit was a mythical realm, where your soul went if you were bad in life. It actually was an extinct volcano located on the middle continent. When civilisation began, primitive tribes would look into the huge volcano and see nothing but mist swirling around in the bottom, along with the unusual shape of the mountain, the wind would be sucked down into the creator, and whistle through the honeycomb like rock, producing a loud mournful sound, which people said were the cries of the damned. It also didn't help that the volcano had an abundance of iron, which resulted in spectacular lighting shows when ever it stormed. So naturally religious teachings told that it was the home of tormented souls. He looked up at the ceiling. And the Great Rings. Again, in the dawn of civilisation, before anyone knew what the Great Rings were, they believed that they were in fact the souls of the departed, watching down upon the world from high above. Of cause, science had proven it used to be the planet's third moon that got too close to the plant's gravitation field and was torn apart, long before the planet even had a breathable atmosphere. Before anyone could say anything, there was a knock at the back door. All present froze. \"Who is it?\" Skiff asked. The only reply was another series of knocks. Lem made motions to Eckle to hide Chuck. Chuck was hastily pulled to his feet, and haphazardly shoved into a closet. Skiff grabbed a plunger and a garbage can lid and approached the door. \"Who's there?\" He asked again. The knocks repeated themselves. Slowly, Skiff turned the handle to opened the door. \"Wait!\" Lem cried out. \"Not until...\" The door was suddenly flung open wide, causing Skiff to fly back into a shelf with a cry of alarm. Lem tensed up, only to relax as the whirring squat form of Rover weaved and dodged around all the junk on the floor to come to a halt right at the very closet Chuck was hiding in. Rover let out a series of high-pitched beeping sounds, and Chuck emerged. \"Rover!\" He cried out, and stepped out into the open. He switched back to his excited human talk as he barked and coughed at the robot who in turn leaned forward and opening a small compartment in it's front section, dumped a whole mess of rocks at Chuck's feet. Chuck crouched down and immediately started sorting through the rocks samples at his feet. \"Rover!\" Eckle cried out. \"By the Rings, we'd forgotten about him.\" \"Him?\" Lem asked. \"Well, isn't it a him?\" Eckle asked. Lem opened his mouth to reply but all present were suddenly caught off guard by the loud female like shriek that pierced the air. Lem spun around and wasn't entirely surprised to discover that that cry had come from Skiff. \"A robot! By the Great Father Flurking Rings, a real live, genuine alien robot!\" With almost super speed, he moved from the door to leering over the robot with a look that frightened Lem. \"Oh yeah,\" Eckle said, pointing at Rover's base. \"Check this out Skiff. Wheels.\" \"Wheels?\" Skiff's movement was like lighting. One second he was standing, the next, he was on his stomach. \"How do they work?\" Chuck gave him a confused look, before Skiff calmed down and asked, \"Chuck, how Robot move?\" \"Robot?\" Chuck asked. Skiff pointed at Rover. \"Robot.\" He said, impatiently. \"How Robot move? How move with wheels?\" Chuck looked annoyed at being interrupted from his rock research but none the less complied with Skiff's request. He had Rover moved forward, backwards, spin around on the spot and finally traverse the room. Skiff took extreme interest in Rover's movements as it moved over a pile of discarded news papers. \"Look at that.\" He pointed. \"The wheels seem to have some sort of suspension system that allows them to move into different angles to accommodate different rises and depressions in the terrain.\" \"Cool.\" Eckle commented. Lem frowned in annoyance. \"Yeah, that's nice,\" he interrupted \"But what are we...\" \"Skiff,\" Chuck asked. \"How people move with rock?\" He held up a sample. \"No problem, Chuck,\" Skiff said. \"Wait here.\" He exited the room into the comic store, and returned a moment later with an old children's book. He placed in down on the bench, before heading over to an old metal cupboard, and pulling out a pet rock that the store also sold. He motioned for Chuck to come over, before opening the book. \"Chuck, many, many years before, People walk. Then, people find rock.\" He pointed to the pictures in the children's book. It showed cave men walking around, walking, carrying their prey over their backs or between them. He took the sample that Chuck held. \"Viterousblanco.\" He said. \"He can't seem to pronounce big words.\" Lem quickly cut in. \"I just call it, Rock. He understands the word 'Hover,' though.\" \"Okay,\" Skiff said. He picked up the pet rock. \"Normal rock.\" He held up the sample. \"Hover rock.\" He tossed the pet rock up into the air and caught it. He did the same to the sample. Then gave both to Chuck. \"Chuck do. Do what Skiff do.\" He mimed throwing them up into the air. Chuck nodded and did the same. His eyes widened. \"Hover rock, not heavy.\" The sample of Viterousblanco was lighter despite it's rock coating. Skiff motioned for the sample which Chuck gave back to him. Skiff took him back to the picture book. Turning the page, it showed cave men discovering the light weight of Viterousblanco. It also showed a picture of them breaking the thin outer cover to discover the metal within. Skiff held up the sample, and crumbled the outer layer, revealing the shiny core. Showing it to Chuck, he dropped it. Chuck followed it all the way to the ground and gave a sharp intake of breath as it stopped, almost bouncing, from the ground. He dropped to his stomach just as fast as Skiff had done with Rover, looking at the rock, floating off the ground. Chuck gave the core a light tap with his finger and watched as it skimmed across the ground, before finally smacking into the wall on the other side of the room. Chuck tried to go after it, but Skiff brought him back to the book. The next series of pictures that Skiff showed, had the cave men finding larger samples of Viterousblanco. And it showed them pushing the much larger cores along, and even pushing dead animals around, draped decoratively over them. The next pictures after that showed the series carved into crude bowls, that could carry more animals and even tools. The next series of pictures showed people more advanced, using large animals to pull their Viterousblanco made bowls with food and tools and even other people. After that, the bowl's became smaller, and finally being smelted into plates that lined the bottom's of carts and war chariots, and buggies. Finally, the invention of the internal combustion engine, allowed for motion that didn't require animal power. Suddenly, Chuck flipped back a few pages to the start, making him cry out. This startled everyone present as he suddenly pushed past Skiff to rummage through the small pile of objects he had gathered around his note pad. Lem leaned over to see the page that Chuck had stopped on was that of a cut-away view of the planet, highlighting the plant's core. He came out with a magnet, and approached the sample of Viterousblanco. Slowly, he bent down, and aimed it at the sample. It very slowly edged away from him, not rolling away, but the sample refused to rubberneck with the end of magnet. Chuck was grinning as he stood up holding up the magnet he cried out in his own language. \"Slow down, Chuck,\" Lem said. \"What say you?\" \"Magnet!\" Chuck cried out, still smiling. \"Rock, magnet.\" He pointed at the ground. \"Ground, push rock. Push rock away from planet.\" Of cause. Viterousblanco had positive magnetic properties that reacted to the planet's own magnetic core. That's what caused the metal to hover. Lem shrugged his shoulders. \"So?\" He asked. Everyone knew that. \"Earth.\" Chuck pointed to the ceiling. \"Earth no have hover rock. All normal rock.\" \"You have no Viterousblanco?\" Eckle asked. \"But that's stupid. How could you not have...\" He trailed off as it suddenly dawned on him. \"Exactly,\" Skiff said, finishing Eckle's own unspoken comment. \"With no Viterousblanco, or any equivalent for it, it makes sense that humans would have to find a different form of locomotion.\" All eyes turned to Rover's wheels. \"But... how can they not have any Viterousblanco?\" Eckle asked. \"The very idea is...\" \"Alien?\" Lem finished. All eyes turned to look at Lem, before turning back to Chuck, who was now yapping excitedly and pointing a small black box at the sample of Viterousblanco; occasionally turning it around to speak directly into it. Lem recognised it at the camera like thing he'd been using when Lem was doing his janitor work back at the Planetarium. So Chuck didn't leave all his stuff behind. \"I seem to have made him extremely happy,\" Skiff said. \"That's because Lem couldn't explain Viterousblanco to Chuck before hand.\" Eckle said. \"Chuck nearly dismantled the Planetarium Van trying to figure it out.\" \"Well, don't worry little buddy,\" Skiff said pulling himself up straight and tall. \"That's what Skiff is here to do.\" Lem frowned again. \"Hey, I taught him how to speak.\" Skiff looked over with a surprised look, and suddenly grinned, his braces standing out. \"Are you jealous?\" He asked suspiciously, a slight grin forming on his lips. Lem hesitated perhaps a bit too long. \"No.\" He snapped. \"I just believe that credit should go where credit is due.\" \"Then you must admit that my teaching methods are just as good, maybe even better than yours?\" \"And you taught him that a sci-fi movie was real, Skiff.\" Lem retorted. \"And you failed to learn the basic essentials of Chuck's biology,\" Skiff shot back. Lem opened his mouth to respond, but Skiff kept up his attack. \"You know Lem, all these years you've been giving me a hard time over my behaviour, and yet when we do encounter an actual alien, my knowledge proves to be useful.\" He paused on purpose to let that sink in, then said, \"Why can't you accept the fact that I'm more helpful for Chuck in this scenario than you?\" Lem just glared back at Skiff. Finally, he turned around and headed for the back door, which was still open. Instead of closing it, he just walked on outside. \"Wait!\" Eckle cried out. \"Lem! Where are you going?\" \"I need some time alone.\" He snapped back. \"But what about Chuck?\" \"Hey, Skiff's the all knowing master, he can help Chuck, after all, I can't.\" And he was gone. Both Eckle and Skiff looked at each other, before turning back to Chuck. The human was still yapping and coughing into his black box, oblivious to what was transpiring around him. Eckle started after Lem. \"We have to...\" He was halted as Skiff put a hand on his shoulder. \"Let him go, little buddy,\" he said, closing the door. \"He'll be back. In the mean time...\" He looked over at Rover, who was residing near Chuck. Eckle didn't like the gleam that appeared in Skiff's eyes. Lem stalked down the street in a huff; Ignoring civilians and soldiers alike. He just had to get out of there, and away from Skiff. Skiff had always been annoying before, but this time, he really pushed Lem's buttons. As much as it pained him to admit it, he was jealous. Chuck was his discovery, his claim to fame. He'd made first contact. Taught Chuck how to speak. How dare Skiff just take over like that, and then crow that he was the true genius. Lem kicked a can out of his way with such force it actually sailed over to the other side of the street. He ignored the cry of alarm from the tourist he nearly hit as he rounded the next corner and continued all the way down to the end of the street. There, he found his usual hangout for when he was depressed. The bollarama. It was here he liked to go when ever he was depressed. He walked through the front door and was surprised to find the place crowded. \"Lem!\" He turned towards the voice, the reason he came here. \"Over here!\" He walked over to the counter where Neera worked behind. \"Hey Neera,\" he greeted her as he sat down, then jab a thumb over his shoulder. \"Who are all these people?\" \"Out of towners,\" Neera said as she filled up another milk shake. \"After the barrier was lifted we were swamped.\" Lem eyed the crowd. Tourists. A near by commotion turned Lem's attention to some fat guy, his fat mole and his three brats were chowing down on hamburgers and fries. Well, the parents were, the kids were whining about when they were going to see the alien. The man was calmly telling them over and over as soon as they had lunch, while the woman just slurped loudly away on a milkshake. Lem turned back to give Neera a sympathetic nod. \"All day?\" Lem asked. Neera grimaced and nodded. \"So, are you going to be leaving with Valgor?\" He asked, changing the subject. Neera rolled her eyes. \"No,\" she said. \"Me dad wants to stay, and my mother doesn't want to go anywhere without my father.\" Lem nodded. \"And now Valgor's gone.\" \"Actually, he's still here.\" Lem's head shot up. \"But, I thought he...\" \"With the massive influx of business, the Mayor convinced Valgor's dad to stay behind and help manage it.\" Lem started to speak before she answered, \"The army took over the air port before the whole family could fly out, delaying their escape. The Mayor's constant badgering delayed them just long enough for the barrier to be raised.\" Lem nodded and grunted. \"Yay for capitalism.\" \"Don't let him get you down, Lem,\" Neera said with a reassuring pat on his shoulder. \"Why do you even go out with him?\" Lem asked. \"Did you know he's quite the artist?\" That caught Lem by surprise. \"Valgor? An artist?\" Neera nodded. \"He's a great sculptor. He can do wonders with his hands. He showed me some of his work, too. It's magnificent. But he also paints. Now, those aren't anything to laugh at mind you.\" \"Wow,\" Lem muttered. \"So how come nobody knows about this?\" \"His dad wants him to follow in the family business, that's why.\" Neera said. \"He HATES what Valgor dose. Says it's a waist of time. That you can't get rich with art.\" \"Wait!\" Lem interrupted. \"Everybody knows the guy's mansion is like, wall to wall with paintings.\" Neera just shrugged. \"Hypocrite,\" Lem muttered. It was then, as he sat there, for the first time in his life, he actually felt pity for Valgor. \"You know,\" he said to Neera. \"I think I'm actually feeling regret for tampering with Valgor's car.\" Neera smiled. \"That's what I like in a guy,\" she said. \"While most girls are attracted to a bad boy, I prefer those who have an unknown talented side. This shows Underneath the tough outer shell, lies a hart of gold.\" Lem returned the smile. \"Then, what's my talent?\" He asked. \"Exploration.\" She said. \"The unknown is no boundary for you, it's the place to be.\" She had to take another drink order, six in total, before she came back. \"Being couped up in a small town like this must be murder on you. You want to get out there and explore where no man has ever gone.\" \"The stars,\" Lem said. Neera smiled again. \"Just like when we first met. Remember? When we were kids?\" \"Yeah,\" Lem said. \"Our fathers were good army buddies looking for a place to settle down with their families, so they chose this place. Nice and quite.\" He looked up at the ceiling. \"I remember talking to you. Telling you that I was going to build a rocket ship and travel the stars.\" \"I remember putting a bug down the back of your shirt, and pushing you into the mud.\" Neera giggled. Lem chuckled. \"You were a little hellion.\" \"And you were oh so perfect.\" Lem's smile faded. \"My, how time has changed.\" \"So, what did you do this time?\" Neera asked. Lem gave her a surprised look. \"You only used to come in here when you were sad or depressed.\" \"Oh, don't worry, I haven't broken the law...\" he trailed off. Unsure of the truthfulness of that statement. For a moment, he was unable to find anything to say to her. Finally, he leaned forwards and said, \"Neera? Can I get you to meet me at Haglog's Comic shop when you get off work?\" \"Sure,\" she said. Then her eyes widened. \"Wait! That's where Skiff works.\" \"Yeah, I know,\" Lem said waving her comment away, \"But I need to show you...\" \"Well, well, fancy meeting you again.\" Both turned to see a strange little man wearing a trench coat, scarf and fedora hat, along with a monocle clenched between one eye. \"P-professor Kipple?\" Lem stammered. \"Ahh, you remember me,\" Kipple said with a charming smile. \"Now don't tell me... Lem Korplog, right?\" Lem nodded enthusiastically. \"You remembered my name.\" He said with astonishment. \"But, sir, what are you doing here?\" \"Well, even geniuses have to have breaks every now and then, so I asked a local where was a decent place to grab a quick bite, and he directed me here.\" He looked around with contempt. \"Not the kind of place I'd normally visit. I was about to leave when I saw you over here, chatting with your lovely girlfriend.\" Lem's antenna drooped in embarrassment. Neera giggled. \"Oh, did I make a misjudgement?\" Before Lem could reply, a new voice entered the conversation. \"Hey, I know you!\" All three turned to see a tall man wearing butternut pinstripe suit, light red tie, and brown fedora hat that was pushed back from his head, exposing his antenna. \"Your from the family who's house the alien landed in front of.\" The nearest sets of heads all turned. \"Keep your voice down,\" Lem muttered, as the man abruptly climbed atop the stool next to Lem. \"Look, I can't tell you much other than yes, it did.\" He paused. \"Hey, who are you anyway?\" \"Da'Zar's my name.\" He said with an exaggerated tip of his hat. \"And as for why I'm talking to you, I'm a reporter with JFIP TV.\" \"Excuse me,\" Kipple said with irritation as he leant forward. \"But can't you observe I was having an intelligent conversation with the young man?\" The reporter turned to look down at Kipple with distaste. \"And you are?\" \"Someone with a greater intellect than you could ever hope to experience.\" Kipple snapped. \"So, why don't you do us, and society a favour by visiting another continent? Preferably in the Southern Hemisphere.\" The Reporter burst out laughing, causing more heads to turn towards the group. \"By the Rings, Do you make up for your short stature with a gargantuan ego?\" Da'Zar guffawed. Kipple glared at him through slits. \"Ego?\" He scoffed through his teeth. \"I just so happen to be smarter than everyone else.\" He leaned back and folding his arms across his chest, smiled. \"Through out my life, I've noticed that all my opponents have accused me of having an ego when they can't argue with my logic.\" Da'Zar doubled over with laughter. \"By the Rings, that's rich.\" He cleared the tears from his eyes as he straightened up. \"That was a good one. Hey tell me another? I haven't had a good laugh like this in ages.\" \"My job is explaining the unknown,\" Kipple answered with a straight face. \"Your job involves making the unknown as frightening as possible.\" That finally scored a direct hit on the reporter. It was his turn to look annoyed. \"My job as a dedicated truth seeker is something I'm proud of.\" Kipple didn't even blink. \"My dear sir,\" Kipple replied. \"If your able to get up in the morning, brush your teeth and visit the lavatory. I wouldn't be proud; I'd be flummoxed.\" \"Excuse me?\" They both turned to face Lem. \"I was having a conversation with Professor Kipple before. I'd like to continue that conversation if you don't mind.\" Kipple beamed with triumph. Da'Zar didn't even react. He just gave a respectful nod, and then reaching into his coat pocket, pulled out a scrap of paper. \"That's okay, you're busy now, but if you ever feel like talking...\" He thrust the card into Lem's hand. \"That's the hotel I'm staying at. Room 2B.\" And just like that, he was gone. \"Some people can be so annoying,\" Kipple muttered glaring the direction the reporter had left. \"Sir?\" Kipple turned back to Lem. \"That comment about fear spreading? Do you think the alien is really harmless?\" \"Of cause,\" Kipple said as a matter of factly. \"I've read the reports about your interview with the army. You your self said that the alien acted scared. Think about it like this: Why would a solitary alien travel Rings knows how many light years just to engage in hostilities. By it's self.\" Lem was silent a bit longer. \"Tell you what,\" he said, reaching into his coat pocket. \"My current assistant has way too much work to handle by himself at the moment. If you're interested, would you like to help? And by helping, you'd be helping me with my research.\" \"Would I ever!\" Lem almost leapt from the seat. Working with Professor Kipple? By the Rings, that would be a dream come true. \"Oh yes, yes!\" Lem cried. Kipple beamed in delight. \"Excellent.\" He said, giving Lem a reassuring pat on the arm. \"Come around back to your old house tomorrow at 7am sharp. You can work first hand with me as I explore the alien pod, from the inside.\" \"The inside of the... By the Rings!\" Lem cried, causing heads to turn once again. This time, a few people moved to another location. \"Wow, thanks professor!\" He cried out, vigorously pumping his hand up and down. Kipple readjusted his monocle and waved good-bye, before exited the dinner. \"Hey,\" Neera said. \"He didn't even order anything.\" Lem was too excited to notice. \"By the Rings, Neera, by the Rings! Professor Kipple wants ME, to work along side HIM!\" \"Inside the alien pod?\" Neera said. \"That sounds pretty dangerous to me, Lem.\" \"Oh don't worry, Neera, it's harmless,\" Lem said in excitement. \"I mean, nothing can hurt me. I mean, wow! Professor Kipple wants me to HELP him!\" \"And you know that how?\" Neera asked. Finally, Lem's brain caught up with him. \"Neera,\" he said turning to face here with a serious expression. \"Do you remember what we were talking about before the conversation went eight ways south to the border?\" She nodded. \"Yeah, you said you wanted me to come with you to were Skiff worked.\" Lem nodded. \"There's something I have to show you.\" TBC...[Chapter 8] AN: Hey guys, I made it. The end of the week but I still made it. I had intended to update this a while back but the scene at the end of the chapter took a few rewrites and I wasn't entirely happy with it even now. But I'll let you make up your mind. If there's any gramma and spelling errors there mine alone because I'm always so excited to finish these chapters that I boot them out the door before I can properly check them. Any how, I hope you enjoy this chapter and as always, Constructive Criticism wanted. Every bit helps. \"Here you go, buddy.\" Glemp Hoplog passed a beer to Quip Korplog. \"Straight out of the ice box.\" \"Thanks,\" Quip said as he took the beer. The two were sitting down in the lunch room of the power plant, enjoying their break. They had taken off their helmets and had safely stowed their weapons before heading off to eat their lunch. Glemp took a swig of his beer, and levelled a long hard look at his best friend. \"What's eating you, Quip?\" He asked. \"All morning you've been rather silent. Like you've just been handed a divorce or something.\" He paused, then leaned in close. \"It's not a...?\" \"No, no,\" Quip waved it away. \"The wife and I are fine.\" He said. \"It's just...\" He sighed again in irritation. \"I don't know how to say it.\" \"Try me.\" Glemp said. \"Look, Quip, we've been friends for twenty four years now. We went through the battlefields of the Great War together, we watched each others backs. We moved to the same town together so we could be close. There's nothing I won't be surprised at.\" Quip was silent even longer this time. \"I can trust you with anything, right Glemp?\" He asked. \"Of cause you can, buddy.\" Glemp laughed. \"Hey, do you remember that time during the first year of the war, when we had that Rings awful slop for food? Remember how you went and dumped the whole lot in the commandants personal hut? You never got caught because I kept that secret.\" Quip chuckled in remembrance of that prank. \"Come on and just tell me what's eating you, Quip.\" Glemp said. \"I promise, as your best friend, what you say won't leave between the two of us.\" Quip looked over at his friend, and then levelled a long hard look at him. \"What would you say, if I told you that I believe my son is hiding the alien.\" For a second, there wasn't any sound, then Glemp burst out laughing. \"By the rings, that's a good one, buddy.\" He slapped Quip hard on the back. \"My, you really had me going there...\" His voice trailed off as he saw the serious expression on Quip's face. \"You're not joking, aren't you.\" Quip shook his head. \"Pit, that's... That's really... Wow.\" Glemp now looked stunned. \"Have you told anyone about this?\" \"You're the first,\" Quip said. \"Wow,\" Glemp said again. Then turned to Quip. \"I honestly don't know what to say.\" Lem didn't have to wait long. Neera was finished and out the door not long after his talk with Kipple had ended. She was still wearing her uniform when she emerged from the back entrance. \"So what is it you wanted to show me at Haglog's comics?\" Neera asked. Like himself, she didn't have much of an opinion of Skiff. A while back, when both Neera and Lem were in junior high, and Skiff was still in high school, she'd gone to the VR Club room to see if they could help her with a project of her own. She arrived just in time to see Skiff and what few friends he had, recording a 'What to do In case' movie about alien abduction and probing, which interestingly involved sticking a cork where the sun don't shine. Neera had the unfortunate timing to walk in just as he was demonstrating how to operate the cork. She'd gotten angry and explained that what they were doing was a total disregard for a serious profession by using it for unnecessary idiocy. Skiff had explained that what he was doing had it's merits and that it was perfectly fine for his project. Neera had explained that this equipment was the finest money could buy and that the money did not wish to buy images of an idiot stuffing a cork up his you-know-what. Skiff had explained that aliens were in fact real and anyone who didn't prepare for the eventual invasion was a fool. Neera had explained that she got weirder things than him in her breakfast cereal for free and that she didn't need to put up with it twice in one day. Skiff had explained that she should just shove off because the VR Club was no place for a girl. And Neera had explained that the object rapidly approaching him from the left was a knuckle sandwich. After the explanations had been concluded, she left and never returned. She still had a powerful distaste of the VR Club, long after Skiff graduated high school. \"Don't worry, it's nothing that can harm you.\" Lem assured her. \"Well, I'm not sure about Skiff, but what I want to show you can't harm you.\" \"You mean you're actually hanging out with Skiff?\" \"Yeah, well not really, I mean... it's a long story.\" Lem answered. \"Well, we can talk about it on the way over,\" Neera said, looking over her shoulder and the rear exit for the building. \"Let's get out of here before my boss tries to beg me into doing another shift.\" They both hurried off down the street. \"It must be something serious if it requires you hanging out with Skiff.\" She rolled her eyes. \"I mean, when the guy was still in school, he managed to single handedly alienate nearly everyone there, and as achievements go, that's got to be worthy of some kind of award.\" \"Yeah,\" Lem said with a slight chuckle. \"That guy can be a cancer of societies backside, but it wasn't my idea to go to Skiff. It was Eckle's.\" Lem stopped talking as two soldiers marched past. \"I'll explain once we get there.\" It didn't take the two long to reach the comic shop. When they got there, they saw that the window shutters to the shop were down, obscuring the view inside. Lem didn't have time to think about this, as he saw that standing outside the shop was Skiff. He looked rather dejected. Lem smiled. He wondered if Skiff was here to apologise. However, as they drew closer, he saw that Skiff had some sort of ice pack strapped to his posterior. \"What happened to you?\" Lem asked. \"You could've told me about that damn robot's defence systems.\" Skiff muttered. It was then that Skiff saw Neera, and he realised his mistake. Then he did a double take as he realised who it was. \"What?\" Lem asked. \"What robot?\" Neera asked. \"Neera,\" Lem said, taking her arm. \"This is what I want to show you.\" \"You have the alien.\" Lem's double take was even greater than Skiff's. \"How...? How did you-!?\" \"Well, when Skiff said robot, it clicked.\" Neera responded with a shrug. \"I mean, before you dragged me over here, you said you wanted to show me something, and you did stress the importance that it wouldn't be harmful to me. Plus you were really nervous about it and quite around soldiers, and then when Skiff talked about a robot... It doesn't take a genius to put those puzzle pieces together.\" \"Wow,\" Skiff muttered. \"You're pretty smart for a girl.\" Neera just rolled her eyes. \"Coming from a guy who sticks corks up his butt, and records it for posterity, I really don't see the need to point out the which one of us has all of our neurons firing.\" She looked at the ice pack. \"Still at it I see.\" Skiff sighed. \"No,\" he muttered, then turned to Lem. \"After you left, I set about conducting my own examination of the robot.\" He paused. \"Were you aware that it has a retractable arm?\" Lem shook his head. \"Well, it dose, and that's not all it has. It would seem that the arm is infused with a defence mechanism as well.\" \"What did you do to provoke it?\" Lem asked. \"All I did was I asked Chuck if I could take a look at his robot. He agreed, and so I picked it up and flipped it over to get a better look at it's wheel systems.\" He paused again. A lot longer this time. \"It started squealing, and that's when the arm came out. It would seem that it's capable of inducing some sort of electric shock that like getting kicked by a horse.\" He looked down at the ice pack. \"It also caused me to, ummm...\" He trailed off, unsure of how to continue. Just then, Eckle came around the corner, carrying a mop and wearing a gas mask, which he removed to show a haggard expression. \"Well, I finally got floor cleaned up...\" He to trailed off when he saw Neera, and then Lem. \"Oh, hey Neera, what are you doing here?\" \"She knows about Chuck,\" Lem said. \"It's name is Chuck?\" Neera asked. \"Him.\" Lem corrected. \"How do you know it's a HIM?\" Neera asked. \"He could very well be a SHE, you know.\" \"Oh, Chuck's a He.\" He paused. \"Or at least I think it's a he.\" His mind flipped back to the bathroom incident. \"Come to think of it...\" \"You mean all this time you've had the alien you've never bothered to check if it's a boy or girl?\" \"Well,\" Lem shrugged in defence. \"I just assumed Chuck was a he.\" \"Can I see him? Or her? Or what ever it is?\" Neera asked a hint of excitement in her voice. \"Sure, come on.\" He stopped, and then turned to Eckle. \"Where's Chuck right now?\" \"In the shop.\" Eckle said, pointing to the windows. Lem nodded. So that's why the shutters were down. Lem started to take Neera around the back when Eckle stopped him. \"You have to go in through the front,\" he said. \"Skiff, kinda had an accident while he was playing with Rover.\" Lem looked at Skiff's ice pack, then at the gas mask and mop in Eckle's hands. \"Rover?\" Neera asked. \"Is that the robot's name?\" \"You're really twigged on,\" Lem said with a smile. \"Makes me wish I'd gone to you first.\" Skiff just harrumphed. Lem turned a suspicious eye to Skiff. \"Are you jealous?\" He teased with a giant grin. \"Let's just go inside.\" Skiff muttered. Chuck was waiting inside, leaning against the shop counter. He turned as the group walked in. Lem saw him give a muffled version of that rapid fire barking sound humans made when they were laughing as Skiff walked in. Lem couldn't help but smile too. \"So that's Chuck.\" Neera whispered in awe. Chuck turned at the sound of Neera's voice and blinked. Then he pointed. \"Who Female?\" He said. \"He knows our language?\" \"I taught it to him,\" Lem said with pride. \"Why is it so halting?\" \"He has a lot of trouble with big words,\" Lem explained. \"So we can only communicate with basic words and sentences. Oh, and his species is called, Human.\" Neera nodded, and then turned to face Chuck. \"Hey, Chuck, are you a guy or a girl?\" The human blinked. \"No understand.\" He shook his head. \"Say again?\" \"Remember, basic words and sentences. You have to be very simple with your words.\" Lem said. He then turned to Chuck, and asked, \"Chuck. Is Chuck female?\" Chuck blinked back at him, then burst out laughing. They had to wait a while before he calmed down. \"Chuck male,\" he said, whipping away tears from his eyes. \"Long time, Lem, Eckle, Skiff, know not Chuck male?\" Nobody answered. \"Chuck know Lem, Eckle, Skiff male.\" Chuck turned to look at Neera. \"Chuck know female.\" \"How?\" Lem asked. Chuck pointed back to the storage room which was closed. \"Entertainment.\" He said. \"TV. Skiff show Chuck TV. See male people, female people.\" He tapped the fur on his head. \"Chuck understand.\" \"Wow,\" Neera interrupted. \"This is incredible.\" She approached Chuck who kept an eye on her all the same. \"Actual intelligent alien life. And it's friendly.\" She reached out a hand to Chuck's face. Chuck didn't move. \"May I touch?\" She asked slowly. Chuck frowned, but slowly nodded his head. Neera let a single finger touched Chuck's cheek. She then let all three fingers and then her thumb feel the side of his face. \"It feels soft soft, and warm.\" She commented. Her fingers then moved, down tracing the bottom of his jaw, travelling up the other side of his check to brush his ear. Finally, her fingers moved to the fur just above the ears and briefly stroked it. She then slowly pulled her hand away. \"So, what do you think?\" Lem asked. \"Wow,\" Neera said again. \"I just touched a real live alien. It felt so weird. So hot, and so soft. And his fur. So weird.\" \"That's because Chuck's a mammal.\" Lem said. She grinned as she turned to face Lem. \"Lem this is beyond incredible, it's fantastic! Do you realise what this is? You've made first contact! Peaceful first contact! You'll be famous! You'll go down in history!\" \"Wait, wait, slow down,\" Lem said. \"You're thinking too fast Neera. I can't just parade Chuck around like some animal.\" \"You don't need to.\" Neera replied. \"You need a way of letting the whole world know that Chuck is harmless. Can't you see Lem? This could get you back in the good books with the entire town!\" Her hands moved like she were framing headlines. \"Lem Korplog makes First Contact!\" She grabbed both his arms in excitement. \"Can't you see? This is exactly the event that could give you a clean slate!\" Lem was stunned. The implications that Neera were talking about rushed through his mind, too fast for him to keep up with. \"I plan to do that, Neera,\" Lem said, \"but not right now.\" \"Why?\" Neera looked confused. \"We can't just shove Chuck out into the spot light, we need a plan.\" \"So, what is it?\" \"Well,\" Lem found he couldn't answer that. His original plan had been to teach Chuck enough of their language to hold a conversation, then shove him into the spot light with himself bringing up the rear, but way too many things had happened between then and now. In that time, he'd actually grown closer to Chuck. He'd come to see the human as something more than just a meal ticket. Sure he wanted the whole world to know about Chuck, but it had to be done right. \"I want the whole world to know about Chuck,\" he said, \"But it has to be done right.\" \"What you do?\" All heads turned to face Chuck. He was stalking over to Lem. His face wrinkled into an angry expression. \"What this plan, Lem? What you plan for I? Give I to Army?\" \"Chuck,\" Lem said, patting his arm smoothly. \"Calm down. I NOT give Chuck to Army.\" Chuck jabbed a finger in Neera's direction. \"What Neera say? She say, Lem show Chuck to people to get what?\" He leaned in closer, his lips pealed back slightly from his mouth, exposing his teeth. \"You make deal! Make deal, for Lem. Give Chuck to people for good deal?\" He jabbed Lem in the chest with a finger that actually knocked him backwards. \"What you do?\" \"I saved your miserable skin. That's what I did.\" Lem said, rubbing the spot where Chuck had jabbed him. The human had forgotten he was stronger than people. \"I'm making no deal with anyone! Not right now! But I will have too, if you want to have a chance of leaving our world.\" He paused and continued. \"Lem no make deal, now! Make deal later. Good deal for Chuck.\" Chuck just gleared back at him, not even blinking. \"I meet Lem, before. Lem teach Chuck people talk. Lem wait to trade Chuck for good deal!\" It wasn't a question. Lem gave a sharp intake of breath. He couldn't help it. Chuck must have known enough about people's facial expressions that he picked up on it. \"Chuck right!\" He snapped. \"Lem just want Chuck for good deal for Lem!\" He leaned back and sighed. \"I wrong. Lem not good. Lem bad.\" That stung, and made Lem stagger. But he quickly regained his posture. This wasn't going to be like old times. He wasn't going to stand here and take it. \"Oh come on, Chuck! What did you think? Did you honestly think that I would be the only native who'd try to get famous on you? Did you think that you can just travel all over the world without everyone who sees you having the same thoughts?\" Lem cried out. Chuck turned to walk away. \"Chuck, listen!\" Lem snapped. Chuck stopped back kept his back to Lem. \"Chuck misunderstand! Misunderstand whole deal! Yes, Lem make deal when Lem and Chuck meet. Yes, I make deal; trade for good deal. Time, long time go. I see Chuck. See Chuck, friend. Chuck and Lem, friends. Lem change deal. No trade Chuck for good deal. Understand? Chuck, Lem's friend.\" \"Chuck know not, trust Lem.\" Chuck said. \"We MUST make deal, Chuck.\" Lem said. \"When many people's and many Humans meet. Humans need way of talk. Chuck help humans talk to people? That deal Lem make.\" Chuck seemed to be thinking about this. \"What deal Lem make?\" Chuck asked. \"Lem show Chuck to people. Show to good people. Good people no trade Chuck for good deal. Good people want talk to Chuck; To humans.\" Chuck said something in his own language. \"No understand,\" Lem said. \"What say you?\" \"Lem right,\" he said. \"Chuck talk to people. Help people talk to humans.\" Lem smiled and reached out to give Chuck a reassuring pat; But Chuck stopped him. Lem was confused, but even more taken aback when Chuck held out his hand. \"What?\" Lem asked. \"Hello.\" Chuck said. \"Humans do hello with humans.\" He then added a human word. \"Again, humans do with humans when make good deal. Lem and Chuck, make good deal. Both.\" Lem reached out his hand, exactly like Chucks, and held it in a mirror fashion. He was about to ask Chuck what to do next when Chuck moved his hand forward, and clasped it around Lem's in a grip that was tight, but not painful. He shook it once, then let go. \"What was that all about?\" Eckle asked. \"I believe that's a form of greeting,\" Skiff answered. He gave a thoughtful look. \"And a way of sealing a deal.\" \"I think you're right,\" Neera said. \"But... both mean the same thing? How do you know which is which?\" Chuck looked confused. \"How people do hello with people?\" He asked. Everyone present gave the universal greeting that every person knew. They held up their left hand, palm out and fingers and thumb spread wide. This was an old gesture when people were primitive. It was a way to show the other person that you carried no weapon. The reason it was done with the Left Hand, was that the majority of people were left handed. Chuck repeated the gesture, then looked at his own hand. He suddenly grinned and locked all four of his fingers together. He then parted them down the middle, two on each side so it looked like his hand only had two fingers and a thumb. As he did this, he muttered something in human; then started laughing. \"What funny Chuck?\" Eckle asked. \"Entertainment. Old human entertainment.\" He said. \"Humans understand funny. People not understand funny.\" \"I think he just told a joke.\" Neera said. \"Again,\" Chuck said. \"How people seal deal?\" Neera held up her hand and crossed the first two fingers, showing the universal sign of showing that you have accepted the offer being made. \"So,\" Eckle asked. \"What are we going to do about Chuck?\" All eyes turned to Lem. \"Okay, so we want the whole world to know that Chuck is harmless, right?\" They all nodded. \"The question is, who do we approach first?\" \"What about that reporter guy from the bowlarama?\" Neera asked. Lem fished the card out of his shirt pocket. He flipped the card between his thumbs in thought. \"It could be a possibility,\" Lem said, \"But he might go after glory for himself at Chuck''s expense.\" He turned to the others. \"We need to do this right. We have to look at all the options, not just the obvious ones. Any other suggestions? We'll explore all our options and discuss the pros and cons.\" \"We could always talk to the government.\" Eckle said. \"How?\" Skiff asked. \"Are there any government representatives in town? If so, where are they staying?\" \"Why can't we trust the Army?\" Neera asked. \"No, no trust army!\" Chuck said. \"Army bad!\" Lem nodded. So, Chuck could follow small bits of the conversation. He also though back to their hasty escape from the Planetarium. He remembered his rushed explanation of the Army back then, and wondered if Chuck had misinterpreted what the Army was. Then he paused. If Chuck could follow bits and pieces of conversation, and even whole sentences, what else had he been following? \"Chuck,\" it was Neera who spoke. \"Army not bad. Good. Army DEFEND people from bad people.\" \"Defend?\" Chuck asked. Then he realised the meaning of the word. \"Army defend people from aliens. Chuck see on movie. Skiff say yes. Aliens attack people. Army defend people. Army kill aliens.\" So Chuck knew what the army was. All those movies must have clarified it for Chuck. \"Army kill bad aliens. Chuck good alien. Army no kill Chuck.\" Lem insisted. Chuck opened his mouth to say something, but stopped. He seemed to be contemplating something. Instead of saying anything, he just folded his arms and leaned back, as if inviting the group to continue with their discussion. Lem frowned. Why did he suddenly drop out of the conversation like that? \"Hey Lem?\" He turned to face Eckle. \"Why don't you approach that scientist guy you like so much.\" \"Professor Kipple?\" Lem put a finger to his lips in thought. \"Whoa!\" Skiff interrupted. \"Are you telling me that Professor Kipple, THE Professor Kipple is in town?\" \"Of cause,\" Eckle said. \"He came around to our house the other night.\" \"And he also was at the bowlarama,\" Neera added. \"He offered Lem a chance to work with him.\" \"Professor Kipple is in MY town and I didn't know about it?\" Skiff whined. Suddenly he looked ill as he turned to face Lem. \"And he asked YOU to work with him?\" \"Yeah, but, you like Professor Kipple too?\" \"Of cause!\" Skiff snapped. \"That man is a genius! The majority of all my scientific facts are based off his works.\" \"Which ones?\" Lem asked, his antenni wiggled in curiosity. \"Life, the Universe, and Everything. Other Worlds. Beyond the Rings. Aliens. Encyclopedia Galactica.\" \"My personal favourite was Beyond the Rings.\" Lem interrupted. \"Beyond the Rings had it's merits,\" Skiff said. \"But Life, the Universe, and Everything was his true master piece.\" \"What?\" Lem said. \"He wrote that book in the beginning of his career. It's full of inconsistency. With his later work, which is by far superior due to his greater attention to detail in regards to the possibility of different atmosphere's effect on biological life.\" \"But it's that first book that really gives you a sense of wonder and imagination that really hooks you in. It's not rocket science, Lem. It's those first idea's and theories that add to the magic and wonder of alien life. Because it was the first of it's kind, it was, for me, an experience rather than a series of notes and ideas on a page. It's that reason the book remains a classic and a shining example of his best work. Pit, it's the reason I started believing in aliens in the first place.\" The two paused and looked at each other. No one spoke or moved. Then both Lem and Skiff burst out laughing. \"What... Just happened?\" Eckle asked Neera. Neera shook her head in disbelief. \"I haven't a clue.\" It was early afternoon when Kipple finally returned to the Korplog house. He was just finishing the remains of a sandwich of sorts as he strode down the driveway towards the house. General Grawl stood there, watching him as he came. \"Hello Professor,\" Grawl said. \"How did it go.\" \"Splendid,\" he said, wiping his mouth with a napkin. \"The boy fell head over heals for my offer, and agreed to help me with my research of the alien pod.\" \"But that's not your field of...\" \"I know that,\" Kipple said, \"But talking with the boy inside the alien pod about the alien will surly yield results.\" And with that, the Professor walked straight on past him. \"How did your meeting with the Prime Alpha go?\" He asked. Grawl explained the whole meeting with the mayor and the Prime Alpha's suspicions. He then went on to explain the foreign situation, and the Foreign Affairs Alpha's request that he hurry it up. \"The Old World wasn't built in a day, General.\" Kipple answered. \"This is a delicate situation here. We only have one toy to work with. We push too hard and we break it. No receipt, no return.\" \"Then you can explain that equation to the Council of Thirteen.\" Grawl said. He was getting sick and tired of being the middle man. \"Fine,\" Kipple said, opening the front door. \"I'll be on the phone. Be a help would you and get the line secure for me?\" And he was gone. Grawl just blew out a sharp gust of air and walked away to find the communications team in the garage. After he organised the security he sent a soldier off to inform Kipple and marched back outside. The alien pod still stood were it was. A heavy moving truck was parked across two front yards, having demolished the fences between them. The plan to have the pod moved had been scrapped when foreign situation started heating up. The Foreign Affairs Alpha had been banging around the suggestion of inviting some key diplomats over and examining the pod for themselves. That would led to other problems as well. They would then demand that their own experts be allowed to tramp all over the sight, to get final, undeniable proof that this was real and not an excuse to flaunt their military muscle. And then there would be the interesting scenario once they actually had the alien. Every man and his dog would want to talk to it. The Southern Alliance would demand access to it, as well as access for their own experts as well. Grawl rolled his eyes. Everyone who got their hands on it would have plans for this creature, of one kind and another. He had his own plans. Perhaps it knew that, and that was the real reason it was reluctant to come out from hiding. Maybe the kid was being forced by the alien to keep it's location hidden. Not that it mattered, they had a 99 percent accurate idea on where the alien was hiding. The tails who followed that Korplog kid said that he visited a comic book shop and stayed there for most of the day. An alien hiding in a comic shop. One side of Grawl's mouth rose slightly at the humour of that situation. If worse came to worse, they'd know where to go. The tails would keep an eye out on the place, just to keep tabs on the alien, and to make sure that the alien didn't get any unwanted visitors. \"General Grawl?\" He turned to see a man standing on the front lawn wearing a white buttoned up shirt, a brown leather jacket and a battered fedora hat. He wore no ID Tag around his neck. \"And you are?\" \"Ma'han.\" The man answered, then pulled back the left side of his jacket to reveal a gold star with rings around the middle. Grawl nodded. He was a Commonwealth Ranger. \"Welcome sir,\" Grawl said. \"I didn't expect you to get here so fast.\" \"We're trained to be everywhere, General,\" Ma'han answered. \"But there were already a good number of us in the town before the alien landed.\" He gave a conspiratorial nod, to which the General responded. No need to talk about military secrets out in the open. \"Is there anything my people can do for your people?\" Grawl asked. Ma'han shook his head. \"No, I've got my best men on the situation already. We received word from the Prime Alpha this morning after your meeting with him. I would ask your men to leave mine alone, but that would mean reviling who they are to everyone and, well no offence General, I just don't trust your men.\" \"None taken.\" Grawl answered. \"But we have to work out some sort of coordination to prevent our two operations from clashing. Can I have at least some idea of your operational area? That way I can keep my men away from yours.\" Ma'han thought about this. \"At the moment, we're stalking the Mayor, his house and the house of Krump's.\" Grawl raised an eye brow. The Krump's were the richest family in town. Mr Krump had originally tried to leave by plane but the Army had commandeered the whole air port for their operations so he couldn't leave. The Mayor had eventually managed to convince him to stay behind to help with the economic situation. \"The Krump's?\" He asked. \"Yeah,\" Ma'han answered. \"Mr Krump has been spending a lot of time around the Mayor. That makes him a suspect. Even if he turns out to be innocent, we have to follow all potential leads.\" \"Fine,\" Grawl replied. \"I'll make sure the patrols stay away from those areas.\" Ma'han turned to look over at the pod. \"How's your own operation going?\" \"Complicated.\" Grawl answered. He looked around. \"Shall we go inside?\" He gave the same nod that told the Ranger, let's not discus this out in the open. Ma'han nodded, and the two walked inside. \"Are you sure it was wise to leave Chuck all alone?\" Skiff asked. \"I've left him alone by himself all night before,\" Lem answered. \"He'll be fine, plus you're not spending the night, remember?\" Skiff nodded. Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera all climbed out of Skiff's car and headed up the drive up to the front door of the Korplogs temporary home. Now that they were with other company all talk about Chuck would have to cease. They still hadn't agreed on who to approach in regards for Chuck to make contact with. Lem and Skiff had helped in that. After finding out that they both worshipped the same hero, the topic of the conversation had skewed off to talk about which were the best theories of Kipple's and why. Why that idea was wrong, and what would be discussed in his up coming book. By the time Neera had managed to gain some control over the two fan boys, it was getting late in the afternoon. Nothing had been decided upon, so they agreed to pick up where they left off the next day. Then Lem remembered that he was to work with Kipple. So they agreed to go back to the Korplog's temporary house and discuss it there. And have some dinner too. Lem had told Chuck that he would be exploring the inside of his pod and asked him if there was anything form inside he wanted. What Chuck had wanted turned out to be untranslatable, and Chuck had eventually given up in frustration. But he had warned Lem to stay away from something with a yellow and black symbol on it that had three lines with a dot in the middle. Lem opened the door and called out a greeting to his mother. \"Oh, hi boys,\" their mother chimed from the kitchen as she put down what she was doing. \"Dinners just about ready...\" She paused as she came out to get her two sons. \"Skiff? Neera?\" \"I hope you don't mind, mom,\" Lem said, \"I invited them over for dinner.\" \"Not at all,\" his mother replied, a little taken aback. \"Hello Neera.\" She said. \"Hello Miss Korplog.\" Neera said. Lem's mother blinked a few more times, then went back into the kitchen. \"Well, well, well.\" Lem's dad said as he walked into the front parlor. \"Hello Neera.\" \"Hello Mr. Korplog.\" Neera said. He looked from Neera to Lem, and back again. \"Son,\" he said turning to Lem. \"Can we have a talk? A little father and son discussion?\" \"Sure thing dad.\" Lem said. \"Out in the garage.\" He said. Lem nodded and excused himself from the group. Lem's mother came out with drinks to ocupy the gang as Lem and his dad headed into the garage. His father closed the door behind him, and made sure no one could hear. \"Dad,\" Lem said as his father turned to face him. \"Before you ask, Neera and I have been friends for a long time in school. No we haven't gone on any dates, and no we haven't done THAT yet.\" \"Huh?\" His father was caught off guard. \"Oh, no, not that.\" He said. \"I've known about that for a year now.\" Lem looked shocked. \"Why didn't you say anything?\" \"I'll get to that soon, but there's something else I need to talk to you about, son.\" \"What?\" Lem asked. His father took a deep breath, and said, \"I know you're hiding the alien.\" The sentence came as a blow to Lem, who actually staggered. \"W-what! How? When? Why?\" \"Calm down!\" His father held up both hands. \"Have a seat over there.\" He pointed to a stool that stank of fresh paint. Lem sat down and took a few breaths, before looking up at his father. \"How long have...\" \"Since last night, when the General left.\" He said. He sighed and looked his son square in the eye. \"I never really believed that you were smoking Lem that day in the Planetarium.\" He said. \"The whole excuse seemed rather contrived.\" He paused. \"That and there wasn't any lingering smell.\" Lem mentally kicked himself. \"Wait! If you knew, then why didn't you say anything back then?\" \"Well, I guess I'm to blame for that.\" He answered. \"I've been disappointed with you for so long, I guess I just accepted your explanation. A gut reaction you might say.\" He paused. \"I began to think more and more about that. Why were lying about smoking in the office. That's when I realised you didn't want me to go in there. Why? And when I did go in there, there was nothing. That really confused me. So I just accepted your answer.\" Lem just nodded lamely. \"I couldn't put my finger on it, until the General visited us last night. That's when it finally clicked.\" He shook his head in wonder. \"But I never would've guessed that you were hiding the alien in there.\" \"Wait!\" Lem said. \"Why did you cover for me?\" \"You're my son, Lem.\" He said. \"My son! My first born. If I'd turned you over that would've been the final end. No more second chances. It would've killed your mother; And me.\" Lem just blinked in shock. \"Plus when the General flatly stated the alien was harmless, I was able to put two and two together and work out if the alien was a true menace then you AND I wouldn't be standing here discussing this.\" \"No, he's not.\" Lem said. His father blinked in surprise and did his own double take. \"Whoa!\" He gasped. Lem gave him a suspicious look. \"Don't panic,\" he said. \"It's just, I mean hearing it from your own mouth, it's one thing to suspect, but it another to have it confirmed.\" \"You knew all this time.\" Lem said. \"Why are you only bringing this up now?\" \"Because I didn't know how to handle it.\" He said. \"You know how your mother worries. She hates surprises.\" Lem nodded. \"I thought if I just left it alone, it'd all go away. I don't know how but if I just ignored it...\" He trailed off. \"Look Lem,\" he said finally. \"I've never been able to say this, but, I love you. You're my son and I love you. And when you finally started to turn your life around, I was foolish and didn't recognise it. Because I had been disappointed for such a long time I believed it wouldn't last long.\" He propped himself up against the wall. \"Now, now I've realised my mistake. I'm being too biased against you. Believing that your nothing but the same old embarrassing trouble maker you've been in the past.\" \"Dad?\" Lem asked. \"Let me finish.\" His father said. \"Lem, I'm sorry I've never been a good father to you. I'm sorry I was never there to help you in the past, because I've been too angry. I should've been there for you, but I never was. I'm sorry I never acknowledged your turn around and your acceptance to the Planetarium, which was your dream. I'm sorry for giving all my attention to Eckle and treating you like an embarrassment.\" \"Why?\" Lem asked, his voice on the verg of tears. \"Why where you never there for me?\" \"Because of my upbringing.\" His father said. \"I never got a chance to live a normal life. When I graduated school, the Great War began and I was drafted into the army. I had discipline beaten into me through being yelled at a lot. Then when I went into combat...\" He shuddered. \"Do you know what it's like to kill a man? Pull a trigger and watch his brains explode out the back of his head? Walk past a man you thought was dead only to have someone behind you discover the hard way that he was waiting there with a grenade, and you realise how close you were to losing your own life?\" \"This is the first time you've really told me about your experience in the war.\" Lem muttered. \"Us veterans don't like to talk about it, not even to each other. When we do meet, even at company reunions, we always talk about our home and work lives and just nod and smile to each other and thank the Rings we're here.\" He sighed. \"I'm sorry, I got a bit off tangent there. The point I'm trying laboriously to get to, is my experience drilled into me you only get once chance in life. You screw up once, you never lived to learn from that mistake. You learnt by watching the other guy make the mistake and prey it's not you the next time.\" When he sighed this time, he sounded old, beyond his years. \"I was never there for you, because every time I watched you screw up, it reminded me of those who didn't make it through. Veterans of the war tried not to get close to new fish, people who were stupid because they weren't going to be around for long, or they could get you killed too. That takes a long time to rub off, Lem.\" \"I'm not going to get killed, Dad.\" Lem said. \"I know,\" he said, a few tears appeared in his eyes. \"I hated myself for not being there for you. I should've but I wasn't because it was my own fault.\" He wiped his eyes. \"Well, not any more. I'm going to ignore you any more Lem. You're my son, and by the Rings, I'm going to BE there for you, right here, right now.\" \"Dad,\" Lem whimpered. \"I love you Dad.\" He walked up to his father and for the first time in a long time, he hugged him. \"I love you too, son.\" He said, returning the hug. For a while, they both stood there, hugging each other. Finally, his father asked, \"So, this alien.\" \"His name is Chuck.\" Lem said, disengaging from his father. \"It's a he?\" Lem smiled. \"Oh, it's a he,\" he chuckled. \"I've been through this with Neera.\" \"Neera knows about it, too?\" He he looked thoughtful. \"Skiff and Eckle as well?\" Lem nodded. \"So, what are you going to do?\" He asked. \"I don't know yet,\" Lem said. \"Chuck wants to make contact with us. Peaceful contact. The only problem is who to talk too first. Chuck's worried about the army, and...\" \"Hey, I've got an idea.\" His father said. Lem turned to looked at him. TBC... ","Summary":" PLANET 51.5 By Mr Nelg AN: Hi one and all. After I saw Planet 51 at the movies, my friend asked me "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"You're In My Dreams","Author":"Hisgirlfelicity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10378166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~You're In My Dreams~ She saw him in her dreams His dark eyes spoke to her, words she could not understand murmured with every moment his eyes held hers, whispers of syllables that with every blink brushed over her cheeks, raking over them lightly, words that were sometimes dampened by something beyond her grasp, words that she came to suspect didn't exist, couldn't be understood, could only be felt . The deep set of them lured her into the untold story of the slave she wished to call something other than \"the slave\", she wished to know his name, something to utter as her eyes drifted off into sleep seeking immediately the refuge the vision of his would give her, even if they were mere moments as she slept, she cherished them- told no one, not even Ariadne, kept them as her own- engrained them in her memory. Even now gazing at the very man who had found his way into her dreams, his dark eyes gazing back at her as she had imagined they would so many times before, she could not understand what they told her, why they told her, how they told her-she only saw that they did- with an intensity that made her head spin. She would give her last breath to know what they confessed, she would give him everything she had if it compelled him to slowly whisper the words into her ear, to enable her to look back into his eyes with understanding in her own green orbs, to give him what they seemed to plead for. \"That man\" She felt herself take a step forward, her voice holding more conviction than she thought her petite frame capable of, her eyes locked on him perched high on a pedestal that she found suited him in the way it put him above the men of prestige who thought themselves god-sent, his shoulders were broad and stood tall, his eyes now staring curiously at her as she approached \"Who owns that man?\" \"I do, My lady\" A heavyset man stepped forward to take her hand, curls plastered on his forehead as he bowed before her obviously recognizing who she was \"Has he done something to upset you, My Lady? I do apologize- he is a savage-\" \"Stop- he has done nothing wrong\" she assured, eyes flickering back to the podium where the man stood ignoring the woman caressing at his arm, staring at her intently in obvious intrigue for what she would say next \"I wish to buy him\" the words felt wrong even as they fell from her lips, they left a sour taste in her mouth that she reluctantly swallowed- hating how his brow cast a darker shadow upon his eyes when they knitted together, how his shoulders stiffened at the degrading words, at the reminder that he was merely a slave, half of a person that could be bought and sold at other people leisure. Most of all she hated the look he gave her, one she wished she wouldn't understand- You're one of them but she wasn't. She wasn't \"Surely you do not wish to-\" \"I do\" she pressed, lifting her chin in defiance, daring the man to deny her \"My horse tender, Felix, is nowhere to be found, and this man- he helped me with my horse before and I wish for him to continue doing so\" she finished, locking eyes with him over the head of the hefty man whom she had been speaking to, he saw the way his head tilted slightly in a quizzical gesture He was confused - how could he not be? Gods! even she was confused- one moment she had been pining over the slave who she found every night in her dreams and then suddenly in the next moment she was stepping up to buy him without anyone's consent or really any money. \"I fear I cannot oblige you, My lady. This man here, the celt, they call him- he is one of my best fighters, brings in the most assets\" his thumb and index finger came up to rub against one another and his smile turned lecherous- greedy \"If you know what I mean\" \"I do not 'know what you mean' sir, I will give you all the gold you wish but I want that slave there and It would be unwise to deny the daughter of the governor of Pompeii\" she lifted an eyebrow at the man who's forehead had now formed a thin layer of sweat that he was rubbing off nervously with a gold embroidered handkerchief \"yes of corse, my lady, but I fear he knows nothing other than how to be a killer- you see he's been a slave since childhood, a gladiator since he was tall enough to hold a sword- won't be much of use as a stable boy, I'm afraid\" \"I'm afraid , sir, that I did not ask for your take on his qualifications, I asked for his price, now if you would be so kind as to tell me so that I may fetch you the gold and he may stay here and tend to my horses, my gratitude would be with you\" \"my lady, I cannot-\" \"Sir, I believe my daughter has asked something of you that you would be wise to carry out\" Aurelia, who had been watching the dispute stepped out from the shadows in aid of her daughter who she had never seen so determined in her young life \"Of corse my lady, of corse\" \"Why did you do it?\" the stables were quiet, the moonlight casting a surreal glow upon his tanned skin, the shadows making the cut of his jaw look so severe, the pained look on his face as he uttered his next words making her want to reach out and soothe the crease between his eyebrows, the deep frown of his lips \"buy me- I mean, why did you do it?\" \"Do not call it that\" she whispered, her eyes falling to study the small heaps of mud that surrounded their feet at the stables, suddenly unsure of what to say \"Buying?\" \"Yes, do not call it that\" \"What might you have me call it, My lady? shopping? purchasing?\" she looked up at the hint of the humor she heard in his voice. The eyes that had been troubled before now held a spark of something a lot like amusement that sent her heart pounding under the silky fabric of her gown \"I do believe you are teasing me\" he laughed at that, a sound that nothing in her life could have prepared her to resist. A sound so warm and hypnotizing that she knew would be the very root of her enrapture and she feared how little she cared, about codes of conduct, about rankings and birth, about anything that wasn't how the look in his eyes caressed every inch of her skin and made her shutter, or the blanket of warmth and protection she felt fall on her shoulders whenever he was near- the life she felt surge through her veins at even just the thought of him- that's all that mattered as she stood before him still trying to figure out what his eyes could be conveying \"How do you do that?\" she said before she could stop the words from tumbling from her curious lips \"do what?\" his own brow lifted at her question \"Do that with your eyes,as if you were saying something\" something I've spent my dreams trying to understand \"what are they saying?\" her voice dropped to a whisper as she spoke the words with a hint of frustration he laughed again, the sound traveling to warm every corner of her, a blush tingling on her cheeks \"They're saying that it's late, and you should rest, my lady\" \"I wish you would not call me that\" at the confusion in his eyes she clarified what she meant \" My lady , I am a lady to everyone, to you I wish to be Cassia- just Cassia\" a shy smile pulled at the edges of his lips that seemed to always be cast down in a frown, he nodded, the movement causing a strand of unruly hair to fall from behind his ear, it captivated her, everything about him enchanted her heart. \"And what might I call you?\" \"Milo\" Milo Hey Guys ! so I'm not quite sure how big of a fanbase this movie has on this website but I recently re-watched the movie and I had to write something for this couple! This is not going to be a super long story with angst or anything, it will be insanely fluffy and very idealistic \"in a perfect world\" sort of thing. Anyways I always feel like Kit Harrington gives foot for his characters to be interpreted in a certain way, with a low key sense of humor but intense at the same time so I really wanted to explore that potential side of Milo, Reviews are love ! Thanks for reading ! -Martha[Chapter 2] ~You're In My Dreams~ -Part II- lately it was his hands her thoughts wandered off to, whenever she was alone with the quiet humming of the breeze. It was strange to wonder about hands, she was well aware, but she did, she wondered about his hands, sometimes while she watched him work from her bedroom window and sometimes when it was dark, when she could make out the outline of his shy smile in between cautiousness and slumber. She wondered how they would feel perched lightly on her waist, or tenderly running down her porcelain cheek, and sometimes, she imagined they were scarred and broken beyond repair but would somehow move in a forgivingly delicate path over her skin. The next time they met, it was something in his eyes that made her skin tingle, her knees quiver under the flimsy material of her day gown. His dark hair had been combed back neatly, his clothes changed, and his body scrubbed clean of the dirt that had clung stubbornly onto his skin the two times they'd met before. He watched her inspect him, his ebony eyes sweeping over her himself, making her cheeks twinge pink at his gaze. It's not that she'd been lacking of male admiration, it was something about they way his eyes drank her in that sent her pulse racing, as if she were a sparkling well in the middle of the desert, the first drop of water on moisture deprived lips, cool and remedying on his tongue. \"Milo\" she greeted, her voice breathless from her surprise \"My Lady\" his eyes dropped in respect, causing a tendril of dark hair to tumble out of his neat coif before his hand shot out to return it to its place. \"Cassia\" she corrected, the gentle tone of her voice inviting his eyes back to meet up with hers, his dark irises intwining with the clear rims of her eyes, opposites in everything, light against dark, day and night, perfection in their disparity. \"Cassia\" he agreed, his smile secretive, his hands resting at his sides, their surface brushing over the fabric of his tunic. Their was a silence, a comfortable lull that she could see herself getting lost in, their eyes unwavering from their place, together, interwoven in an arresting dance of will they or won't they, her heart pounding desperately for the answer. He had spoken, she realized, watching his mouth move mesmerizingly with words that flew right over her head, her thoughts choosing to stray into very new, very unladylike expanses, leaving her body feeling hot, droplets of perspiration forming on her neatly plucked brows, her breath becoming increasingly labored. She felt him so very close, the weight of his dark eyes pulling her further, her body choosing to focus on what he did to her...what he made her feel... \"Cassia?\" he asked, his brows knitting with concern \"are you alright?\" he rose his hands so they hovered over the space around her, their calloused surface so close to the spans of her untouched skin, so close she could almost feel their roughness brushing tenderly over her skin. The crisp afternoon air found her leaning into his gravity, searching for the contact her skin tingled for, but too soon, he dropped his hands and took a step back, further into the stable where their paths had unexpectedly crossed, the same one where she'd first learned his name, had spoken it into the dark night. \"I-Im sorry, I don't know what happened there\" she laughed, a nervous sound that she didn't completely believe herself. She gave him a somewhat shaky smile, her eyes unable to keep from sweeping over his muscular arms, his shapely calfs... It was his soft chuckle that drew her eyes back to his face, She watched his eyes brighten with amusement, sparkle with something a lot like mirth, his features soften in quiet laughter, mysterious in its origin \"What?\" she asked, quite bluntly he shook his head, his sable hair displacing at the motion, falling into an unruly pattern she found she liked much better. she rose her eyebrows expectantly, making it clear she wasn't leaving until he spoke He chuckled again, the rich sound dancing through the air between them, distracting her only slightly from his question \"Were you appraising my assets, my lady?\" he asked, quirking his head teasingly her jaw went slack in surprise, her eyes wide in embarassment \"What! No-I\" she stuttered, feeling her cheeks flame, her eyes take a life of their own and sweep over the contours of his sturdy hands, lingering over his powerful chest... She took a deep breath, her bottom lip trembling as the air escaped through her in an unexpected rush \"No... I...\" her words fluttered by her parted lips in a gentle tenor, in an alluring whisper, her eyes carving a path up his body with a need no other man had ever enticed, before settling home, into the deep bottomless pools of his eyes \"I was just...\" She'd never seen anyone move as fast as he did just then, maybe it was his gladiator instincts that allowed his feet to move with the swift determination in which he lunged forward, or maybe it was the potent need that surged unswervingly through both of their hearts that propelled him closer...so unbelievably close. Whichever the universe chose to make peace with, she didn't care, because his lips were on hers, connected at the very seam, insistent, pleading, moving languidly across every curve of her soft mouth. She felt a vibration surge from deep inside his chest, shaking the ground of her very soul, the feel of his gentle lips pressing and testing the rim of her mouth making her head spin, her hands reach out to bunch the material of his shirt in her trembling palms. She felt his hands, the same ones she'd been dreaming of, settle on her hips, his fingers clutching at the skin of her waist, and despite the barrier of cloth, she felt the heat of his touch, scorching, setting every inch of her aflame. His lips turned nimble, his pace electric, hers frantic, lips moving relentlessly, so to taste him, all of him, take everything that he was offering, feel the candied jolt on her tongue, sending her senses into an enthusiastic trance, her hands on a curious path over his chest, over his muscular back as she leaned in further into his embrace. They broke apart, lungs burning for air, for a substance that wasn't sighs that passed from mouth to mouth, begging for something besides their hums of pleasure that vibrated between the minuscule space between them. She let out a disagreeable sound at the loss of his lips on hers, only for his hands to pull her in close, their harsh breaths mingling into warm puffs of want, hot gusts of need. He breathed her in, refusing to part with the silky skin of her neck, rubbing the slope of his nose over her throat, the stubble on his jaw creating delicious friction. \"Cassia\" came his susurrant whisper, her name sounding like she'd never heard it before, the syllables rolling around his tongue, the rasp in his voice doing something enticing to the notes of the name she'd had since birth, yet never heard it uttered quite like that. \"Cassia, Cassia...my lady Cassia\" he whispered, punctuating each word with a placid kiss on her lips, on her face, on her neck She decided to let the tittle slip just that once while she basked in the tender caress of his lips on her skin, gasping a disarrange of words that she intended to be his name Milo Milo Milo but instead, she feared, what tumbled past her lips were gasps and sighs of contentment that seemed to do nothing but encourage his regard, making it difficult to think straight, let alone hear the rustling of a gown approaching. The figure advanced, startled by the intimacy of their embrace, by the disproportion of the sight, delicate untouched skin stark against overworked flesh, pure against tarnished, nobility against common.. Fortunately, It was Ariadne, who after various failed attempts of catching their attention, fearing someone was to round the corner any minute, decided to take matters into her own hands \"Cassia!\" she called out in a loud whisper, eyes darting around the late evening for any servants who could have seen the exchange they broke apart abruptly, stumbling backward, and breaking out of their ambrosial stupor, searching the darkening night for the source of their interruption. \"Ariadne, I-\" Cassia started, taking careful steps towards her friend, trying to gauge her reaction through the shadows of the stables. Ariadne only shook her head, leaning forward to whisper, \" I know, I see the way you look at him Cassia, I don't think I have seen you gaze at any man the way you gaze at that slave\" Milo, she wished to correct her, Milo, not a slave, Milo She settled for returning her friends small smile, nodding at her request for the farewell to be quick and returning to him as soon as Ariadne had rounded the corner. \"You must go, my lady Cassia\" she watched him watch her, thinking his eyes mirrored her enamored gaze, thinking that nothing had awakened her heart like the tender caress of his chapped hand on her cheek. \"We will be together soon?\" she asked, unable to keep the hope out of her voice, unwilling to strip the affection from her words \"Yes\" he assured her, his dark lashes casting a shadow onto his cheekbones with every blink of his captivating eyes \"I will see you in my dreams\" I am compleatly unable to write angst for these two, it physically hurts. So do not expect any erupting volcano or creepy roman in this story, just a quick heads up, because in my fantasy world of rainbows and butterflies, everyone survives and lives happily ever after! yay. Anyways, I have been trying to write the next part of this story practically since I posted the first chapter but my brain decided that no, so sorry for the delay (for any one who wanted the second part) I have received some really encouraging reviews that have helped me push forward with this story, so thanks ! Now that the kiss has been written, I'm not sure about a third part? would anyone be interested in seeing that? drop me a comment and let me know ! Hope you enjoyed this chapter (My username has been changed for the sake of consistency with my Tumblr (which on the off chance that any of you Love Arrow and Olicity you should totally come say Hi) was Marpaloma is now Hisgirlfelicity! thanks for sticking with me) Thanks for reading! -Martha[Chapter 3] III -Make me Yours- Cassia entered his quarters like a breath of warm air, trailing behind her a fine piece of fabric to conceal her locks of dark hair. The room was still, the only movement coming from the slight breeze of the open window. The door was heavy and made of wood, she carefully lifted the latch that held it closed, wincing every time the ancient material whined from the effort. Slowly Cassia slipped inside the warm room, her eyes working to adjust to the dim light. Before she could fully make out the shapes in the room, a strong arm swept her backwards, pinning her onto the brick of the wall. Cassia gasped in surprise, clutching at his upper arms where his sleeve would have covered the curve of his shoulder. Instead, the skin was left bare, hot under her fingers. \"Lady Cassia\" his voice was calm but his chest was heaving \"Milo\" she said, still catching her breath, her breasts heaving and nearly brushing his chest \"My lady, these are the servants quarters\" he said,releasing her from the harsh hold but not fully allowing her to forget just how close he was, just how clearly she could see the shadow his eyelashes cast over his cheeks. His tone was informing and almost apologetic, as if she could have gotten lost within the castle, clearly giving her a chance to escape his grasp and dismiss it all as a mistake. But Cassia was tired of waiting and was not by any means confused as to where she was or what she wanted. \"Im well aware\" her voice was soft and the fingers resting on his uncovered arms curiously wandered towards the junction where his shoulder met his torso. She met his eyes, dark and searching and for a second he looked about to say something more But then she was in his arms, lips touching gently, and then harder, holding his face between her hands, the smell of earth and him consuming her surroundings. It made her dizzy, the realization that it was no dream, that she wouldn't awake in her empty rooms, sweating and somehow feeling the ghost of his lips. It was real, he was real His body pressed her further into the hardness of the wall and with one hand he pulled back the hood that had concealed her identity. Her hair spilled over her shoulders, the strands like cool silk in his hands. When they broke apart it was only so she could kiss his brow, his jaw, the naked skin of his collarbones. Cassia sighed into the darkness when his forehead came to rest on the skin under her ear, he breathed in the skin there for a moment before breaking the spell of their affection \"We mustn't\" She felt him start to step away but her grip only tightened \"Milo, please\" She'd never cared for begging, the autocratic princess she was, bust she wanted him to know, needed him to know \"I want this-I want you\" Milo's eyes were cautious for a moment, searching for an answer to his unspoken questions. She wondered what he saw there, when he looked at her, did he see a foolish princess? Or could he see a woman that saw only him, searched only for him, that in that moment would be content in sharing his room, his modest bed, his single blanket. The blackness of his gaze swept over her face once more before leaning forward to brush the lightest of kisses over the delicate spur of bone at the base of her neck. He kissed her again after that, with the heat of a thousand suns and the uninhibited passion that she craved. They made it to his narrow bed, somehow, through the kisses and the sighs. She wanted to tell him that she ached, dully but incessantly, for him, only for him \"Touch me\" it was a gasp from under where his body molded itself perfectly to hers \"I want you to touch me Milo\" A more honorable man would have drawn his hands away from a lady so pure, listed the reasons why the could not, why they should not But Milo was not that man and he lived only to please her, to hear the soft moans fall from her lips, to know he was the one she sighed for \"Make me forget everything else,\" she pleaded. \"Make me yours.\" Please excuse any mistakes I wrote this very quickly, apparently I'm still trash for this couple. ","Summary":" ~You're In My Dreams~ She saw him in her dreams His dark eyes spoke to her, words she could not und"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Alguém que Acredite em Mim","Author":"MissD.Willows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12193635","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nota: Esta história é baseada nos personagens do filme, não nas pessoas reais. No entanto, alguns eventos reais serviram de base para o desenvolvimento. Não havia muito a se fazer nas tardes de Bridgeport, Connecticut, fora jogar bola ou vagar a esmo pelas ruas do centro. Mas essas tarefas já não interessavam, e a ociosidade não caia bem em Ed Warren. Além disso, a companhia de outros garotos da sua idade nem sempre lhe agradava. Eles haviam, de certo modo, crescido juntos, e nem todas as memórias eram das mais agradáveis. Então ele conseguiu um emprego no lugar que tinha tudo para ser a sensação da cidade: o Colonial Theatre. Ed trabalhava nos fins de tarde e começo da noite, após a escola. Sua função era guiar as pessoas para os lugares vagos, organizar a sala de modo que todos os que entrassem encontrassem rapidamente um lugar para sentar, evitando causar tumulto. Não era o emprego mais badalado do mundo, mas valia a pena pelos filmes grátis. Em sua segunda semana no cinema, Ed direcionava as pessoas para a saída após o filme quando ouviu um pequeno gemido abafado. Ao se virar, só teve tempo de estender a mão automaticamente e segurar a mão de uma jovem que tropeçara logo atrás dele. - Meu deus, Lorraine! Tome cuidado - uma outra mulher exclamou, logo atrás dela. A jovem se apoiou no braço de Ed que a ajudou a se equilibrar novamente, soltando-a apenas quando teve certeza de que ela estava firme em seus pés. - Tudo bem, mãe. Foi só um tropeção - a jovem explicou enquanto afastava do rosto mechas de seu cabelo ondulado que se soltaram na quase queda. – O senhor... desculpe, qual seu nome? - ela se voltou para Ed. - Ah, é Ed, senhorita. Ed Warren. – ele se apressou a responder, um pouco sem jeito. - O Sr. Warren aqui me ajudou, e está tudo bem. Obrigada, Sr. Warren. - Não tem de quê. E pode me chamar de Ed. – ele ofereceu um sorriso tímido. Lorraine estendeu a mão novamente, dessa vez com um propósito. - Muito prazer, Ed. Sou Lorraine. Lorraine Rita Moran. - ela ofereceu seu nome todo, como ele tinha feito também. - Esta é minha mãe, Georgiana. Ed segurou a mão dela brevemente sentindo a pele macia e suave se encaixar na sua, então, educadamente, estendeu a mão também para a mãe da moça. - É um prazer, meu jovem. E desculpe atrapalharmos o trânsito no corredor. - a senhora ofereceu um sorriso simpático. Só então Ed se lembrara de sua função, que ficara totalmente de lado quando ele se virou para ajudá-la. Dando uma rápida olhada ao redor, ele notou que as pessoas estavam saindo sem problemas e deu de ombros. - Tudo bem. Está tudo sob controle. - Bem, nós também temos que ir. Venha, Lorraine. Muito obrigada, meu jovem. Até mais. – ela se despediu enquanto se dirigia para a saída. - Até mais, Ed. - Lorraine se despediu enquanto seguia a mãe. Ao vê-las se afastarem, Ed esboçou um sorriso, esperando que realmente se vissem novamente. Mas o restante da semana veio e se foi, uma nova semana começou e, com tantas pessoas indo e vindo, ele não teve tempo ou oportunidade para procurar por elas em outras sessões. Na semana seguinte, no entanto, seu pedido foi atendido. O filme estava para começar quando duas sombras se esgueiravam pela sessão, silenciosas, mas um pouco perdidas. Todas as outras pessoas já estavam acomodadas e ele se apressou em ajudá-las a encontrar lugares ainda vagos. - Olá! Boa noite. Se me acompanharem vou encont... – quando a luz da projeção se lançou no ambiente iluminando as duas figuras, Ed prontamente as reconheceu. - Lorraine! Sra. Moran. Olá, que bom vê-las novamente. - Ed! Olá! Como vai? A voz de Lorraine subiu um pouco pela surpresa em encontrá-lo e um \"shhhh\" veio de algum lugar perto deles, fazendo o pequeno grupo reduzir suas vozes para pouco mais que sussurros. - Lorraine, não grite! – a mãe dela pediu de forma gentil. E, voltando-se para Ed - Estamos muito bem, meu rapaz. E você? - Estou ótimo. Obrigado por perguntar, Sra. Moran. Mas venham por aqui. Tem dois lugares ótimos logo ali na frente, vou levá-las até lá. Particularmente, é minha parte favorita da sala. Ele as acompanhou e as guiou até os dois lugares vagos que, segundo um pouco de sua própria experiência, eram alguns dos melhores lugares para se assistir ao filme. Do seu lugar perto da porta ele as observou durante espaços do filme. Embora fosse relativamente popular na escola, muitas das garotas que iam até o cinema o tratavam mal, como se ele fosse apenas um empregado ou coisa do tipo. Não o enxergavam de verdade. Lorraine fora gentil com ele. E sua mãe também parecia ser uma boa mulher. Elas não eram o tipo esnobe que costumava aparecer por lá, e isso era um alívio. Na saída elas voltaram a falar com ele e Lorraine até perguntou o que ele achara do filme. Tentando mostrar seu lado gentil, ele se ofereceu para acompanhá-las até o hall e, durante o tempo que levaram para chegar lá, ele descobriu que elas iam ao cinema toda quarta-feira. Quando se despediu das duas, Ed se sentiu leve e, ao mesmo tempo, um pouco anestesiado. Ele não sabia explicar o porquê, mas sentia-se ligado a Lorraine. Ela parecia diferente das outras pessoas que ele conhecia. E, sem questionar sua decisão subconsciente, Ed decidiu que queria conhecer melhor a jovem. Conversar com ela, saber suas aspirações, suas paixões, seus planos para o futuro, e contar a ela os seus. Falar sobre filmes, livros, sobre poesia e sobre a vida. Ele se aproximou do balcão, vazio a esta hora, e puxou conversa com Jimmy, o rapaz responsável pelas vendas de pipocas e doces que estava limpando o balcão. Ele devia ser dois ou três anos mais velho que Ed e já trabalhava no Colonial há alguns meses. -Hey, Jimmy. Sabe alguma coisa sobre aquelas duas que acabaram de sair? Mãe e filha. – ele perguntou, cruzando os braços na tentativa de parecer casual e desinteressado. O outro rapaz levantou os olhos de seu serviço momentaneamente para observar a direção da porta. - Ah, elas? Na verdade não sei muito. – ele deu de ombros. – Vêm todas as quartas, quase sempre pedem uma pipoca média. Ela gosta de balas de alcaçuz. Não falam muito, mas também não me tratam mal. Ele ficou quieto por alguns segundos, então acrescentou, como um segundo pensamento: - Ouvi o filho dos Morrison dizer que a garota é esquisita, mas não sei porquê. - Ela pareceu bem normal para mim. Deixando a quase apatia de Jimmy de lado, Ed foi se preparar para ir para casa pensando nas informações que conseguira. Desde então, quartas-feiras passaram a ser o dia que Ed mais esperava. Algumas vezes ele tinha sorte de tirar o uniforme rápido o bastante para ainda encontrá-las na saída observando os cartazes e conversando sobre um ou outro ator ou cena do filme que acabaram de ver. Nessas ocasiões ele andava com elas até a bifurcação no caminho que fazia obrigatória a separação. Lorraine se tornara uma boa companhia, e Ed estava grato por ela ter tropeçado naquela noite, algumas semanas atrás. A mãe da jovem também era gentil com ele, embora falasse pouco quando ele e Lorraine conversavam. E mesmo que ele às vezes notasse o olhar curioso que ela lhe lançava ocasionalmente, não pensava muito nisso. A amizade dos dois progrediu gradualmente, e cada vez mais Ed sentia que devia estar ao lado dela. Durante suas conversas, ele descobriu que ela tocava piano e que estudava na série anterior a dele, mas em outra escola. Que seu sorvete preferido era de chocolate com nozes, ela adorava dançar, sua atriz preferida era Katharine Hapburn e ela amava Jane Eyre e os livros de Jane Austen. A verdade é que ele encontrara em Lorraine mais que uma verdadeira amiga, uma igual. Eles compartilhavam das mesmas crenças, das mesmas opiniões, das mesmas expectativas para o futuro, para o mundo, e dividiam também a sensação de não se encaixar, de não fazer parte daquela comunidade. E cada vez mais eles queriam passar o tempo um com o outro. Por isso, na próxima vez que tirou um dia de folga, Ed pensou em levá-la ao cinema. Parecia tolo, já que ela ia ao cinema toda semana com a mãe, mas seria um tempo só para eles. Eles conversariam sobre um filme que realmente veriam juntos, que comentariam no momento e trocariam sensações, emoções, impressões sobre o que acontecia diante de deus olhos. Estariam criando suas próprias memórias. E a mera possibilidade de que ela aceitasse era o bastante para dar a sensação de um milhão de borboletas em seu estômago e deixá-lo acordado até tarde pensando em como a abordaria na próxima quarta-feira. Ele pediria diretamente para ela ou devia pedir à sua mãe? E se a mãe dela não permitisse? E se Lorraine recusasse? Se isso acontecesse ele nunca mais seria capaz de encará-la. E tampouco seria capaz de se encarar no espelho se nunca a chamasse para sair por medo de um \"não\". Não conseguia se lembrar quando passou a se sentir tão nervoso por falar com uma garota, e isso o assustou. Fosse a resposta qual fosse, ele precisava tentar. Na próxima quarta-feira ele dedicou uns minutos a mais se arrumando. Quando se deu conta de que estava se esforçando para tentar impressioná-la, se sentiu meio estúpido. Principalmente porque Lorraine já o conhecia, o verdadeiro ele. Mas ele sentia que precisava. E, pelo jeito, funcionou, pois até sua mãe fez um breve comentário sobre o perfume que usava e como ele estava \"muito bem arrumado\" quando ele saiu para trabalhar aquela noite. E mesmo consumido pela ansiedade, Ed se controlou até a hora de acompanhá-las até a saída. A noite estava clara e fresca e ele notou o quanto Lorraine estava contente. Contente e bonita, em um vestido cor de pêssego, com um cinto vermelho muito fino e delicado, os cabelos ondulados presos só o bastante para não caírem sobre os olhos. Ela e a mãe falavam animadamente sobre Fred Astaire e Clarck Gable e como Fred só era o que era por causa de Ginger Rogers e que, entre os dois, claro que seu preferido era Gable... ela estava relaxada e animada, e Ed sentiu que era hora. Além disso, estavam muito próximos do lugar onde se despediam. Era agora ou nunca, e ele tinha que tentar. - Lorraine? – ele conseguiu chamar sem que sua voz vacilasse. - Sim? - É que... Na próxima semana vamos receber Casablanca e... As sextas feiras são bem movimentadas, é bem divertido. Vai ser meu dia de folga e eu pensei, se talvez... Se não for fazer nada... - Quer saber se ela está livre para ir assistir ao filme com você? – a mãe dela se interpôs, finalizando a frase por ele. - Talvez devesse pedir minha permissão primeiro, não acha? Ela tinha uma expressão neutra, e Ed sentiu um leve rubor subir a seu rosto e as palavras sumirem. Ele olhou de Lorraine para Georgiana, e novamente para a moça. Ela parecia estar se divertindo com a situação e por um segundo Ed pensou que havia cometido um erro. - Eu... Eu... Desculpe, claro que eu não devia ter pedido assim... - Ed, tudo bem. Mamãe só está perturbando você. - Lorraine riu, acompanhada por uma risadinha de sua mãe. - Desculpe, Ed. Não queria assustar você. - a mulher respondeu ainda sorrindo - Sobre o convite, só cabe a Lorraine responder. - Eu adoraria ir. - ela respondeu na voz mais suave que ele já ouvira. E foi como se algo despertasse dentro dele, uma sensação morna se espalhando por seu peito, e ele não pode evitar o sorriso enorme que, tinha certeza, o deixava com a maior cara de idiota. - Sério? Quer dizer - ele se aprumou tentando parecer casual - eu fico muito feliz. Posso te pegar as 18:00? - Claro! Vou anotar o endereço para você. Ela procurou na bolsa e retirou um bloquinho de papel e um lápis e anotou o endereço, entregando a ele uma folha de papel num tom azul muito claro. Ed pegou o papel e seus dedos roçaram os dela de leve enquanto ele observava a caligrafia delicada, e ele notou de relance que o sorriso dela se ampliou quando suas mãos se tocaram. - Muito bem, Sr. Warren. Aí está. Espero por você na semana que vem, então. - Mas vocês ainda vão até lá na quarta, certo? - Pode apostar que sim. Eu não perderia uma oportunidade de ver Fred Astaire em cena de novo! - Georgiana respondeu animada. Quando foi pra casa e pensou no assunto, deitado em sua cama, tão contente que nem conseguia dormir, segurando o papel que Lorraine lhe entregara e tinha o mesmo perfume dela, Ed sentiu que estava se preocupando sem motivo. Lorraine gostava dele, a mãe dela gostava dele... E ele gostava tanto dela que às vezes ficava sem ar. Ele estava disposto a dizer tudo isso a ela quando saíssem juntos. E, se fosse honesto consigo mesmo, aquela seria a semana mais longa de sua vida até então. Continua...[Chapter 2] Desculpem a demora empostar a continuação. Não tenho muito tempo livre, e na verdade acabei por fazer umas mudanças nessa história e ela ficou um pouco maior do que eu esperava. Também tomei umas liberdades temporais. Casablanca é de 1942, bem no meio da Segunda Guerra, mas vamos fazer de conta que ele é de 1940, no começo da guerra. Só para meus propósitos egoístas de fazer o restante da fic fluir melhor. O nome do capítulo foi retirado da música tema de Ilsa e Rick. Ouvi-la durante a leitura é opcional, mas altamente recomendado ;) - E então? Lorraine apareceu na sala de estar em frente à sua mãe para pedir uma opinião quanto à roupa que escolhera. Quando Georgiana levantou os olhos da cesta de costura, viu a filha num lindo vestido de chiffon num tom muito claro de rosa, acinturado e com uma pequena capa que lhe cobria metade dos braços. Os cabelos estavam bem arrumados, presos de cada lado da cabeça apenas o suficiente para não lhe caírem sobre os olhos. Ela notou que aquele era um dos vestidos que Lorraine estava guardando para uma \"ocasião especial\", e, pelo modo como as coisas vinham se desenrolando, ela podia entender o deslumbre da moça pelo jovem e belo Ed Warren. Mas, como mãe, ela se preocupava. Muitas pessoas haviam sido más com Lorraine e a última coisa que ela queria era que sua filha amada tivesse o coração partido por outra dessas pessoas. Mesmo que Ed não parecesse o tipo, nunca se sabe de onde virão as decepções. E essa seria difícil de superar. - Mãe? - Lorraine a chamou de novo quando ela demorou a responder. - Desculpe. Você está linda, meu bem. - ela ofereceu um sorriso gentil, talvez feliz demais. Lorraine notou e sentou-se ao lado da mãe, o sorriso desmanchando-se. - Está preocupada. - Não é nada. - Mãe... - Só... Tenha cuidado, Lorraine. Eu sei como é a juventude, sei como é ter alguém que a faça sentir especial. Eu só não quero vê-la magoada. - Ele não vai me magoar, mãe. Eu sei disso. Não me pergunte como, ou porquê, mas eu sei. - ela garantiu com um sorriso gentil e sonhador. - Ele... Ele é diferente. - Só espero que você tenha razão. Porque, você sabe, sem o seu pai, eu mesma terei que caçá-lo se ele a magoar, e sabe como eu sou péssima nessas coisas. - ela tentou fazer uma piada para melhorar o clima sério, e fez Lorraine sorrir de novo. - Tudo bem, mãe. As duas se abraçaram calorosamente e, como se por uma deixa, a campainha tocou naquele instante. Lorraine afastou-se da mãe, sentindo seu estômago dar um salto pelo nervosismo, e levantou-se imediatamente, tentando parecer calma e normal. - Ah, Lorraine... O que eu disse serve para você também, mocinha. Tenha cuidado. Talvez ele queira segurar sua mão, e acho que não há problema nisso, mas não o beije com a boca aberta. - MÃE! - ela se virou para a mãe com um olhar surpreso, sentindo suas bochechas queimarem. - Só estou avisando. – a mãe deu de ombros como se não fosse nada de mais. - Eu sei que esses jovens estão tomando todo o tipo de liberdades hoje em dia. Na minha época isso seria um escândalo. - Certo. Não vou deixar. – ela começou a se afastar, então virou-se novamente. - Mãe? - Sim? - Com a boca fechada tudo bem? - Lorraine! - foi a vez de a mãe sentir as bochechas corarem. - Vamos, não vá deixar o rapaz esperando. - ela também se levantou colocando a cesta de costura na mesinha ao lado e acompanhando a filha até a porta. Quando abriu, Ed esperava por ela com um grande buquê de flores do campo e um igualmente grande sorriso, que se ampliou ainda mais quando a viu. - Olá, Ed. – Lorraine o cumprimentou, um pouco sem ar. - Oi, Lorraine. Sra. Moran, como vai? - Muito bem, Ed. E você? - Estou ótimo, obrigado por perguntar – ele respondeu, parecendo tímido de repente. - Espero que cuide bem da minha filha. - Ah, eu vou. Não precisa se preocupar. - ele riu nervoso. - Belas flores. - Lorraine comentou, notando que ele havia esquecido que estava com elas. - Ahh, ah sim... Estas são para você – ele tirou uma parte das flores entregando-as a ela, revelando o que eram, na verdade, dois buquês. – E estas são para a senhora. Ele estendeu o outro buquê que Georgiana pegou com um sorriso surpreso. - Elas são lindas, Ed. – Lorraine se inclinou, beijando-o na bochecha. - São mesmo. É muita gentileza sua, Ed. Obrigada. - Não tem de quê. Que bom que gostaram. - Eu adorei. Mas agora vão, logo, não vão querer se atrasar. Vou colocar suas flores num vaso. – Georgiana chegou perto da filha, pegando as flores da mão dela e sorrindo para os dois. - Obrigada, mamãe. - Divirtam-se. Mas não muito. - a mãe dela aconselhou. Os jovens se despediram de Georgiana e seguiram pela calçada, próximos o bastante para seus ombros se tocarem de vez em quando. - Obrigada pelas flores. - Ela disse, depois de alguns metros. - Não foi nada. Eu as vi no caminho pra cá e achei que você gostaria. Espero que sua mãe não tenha se importado. - Ela adora flores, tenho certeza que não se importou. - Eu as trouxe porque elas são bonitas como você. - ele deixou escapar em um só fôlego, olhando para ela com uma expressão de expectativa. Ela não pode evitar o sorriso que lentamente se formou, espalhando um leve rubor em suas faces. - Obrigada. – Ela desviou o olhar para os próprios sapatos. Ed a olhava de soslaio, reparando em como ela ficava ainda mais adorável quando estava envergonhada, e de repente ele sentiu uma vontade esmagadora de tocá-la. Acariciar seu rosto e sentir o calor das bochechas dela em sua palma, vê-la abrir os lábios só o bastante para... Não, não era apropriado, e Lorraine não era esse tipo de garota. Evitando pensar nisso ele mudou de assunto: - Então, como começou? - Começou o que? - Esse hábito de irem ao cinema, você e sua mãe. - Ah. Bem, foi depois que papai morreu. Ele... - ela hesitou um pouco. Era nítido que nunca falara com ninguém sobre isso e estava tendo dificuldade para encontrar as palavras certas. - Éramos muito próximos. Ele fazia de tudo por nós, e quando ele morreu... Foi horrível. Mamãe ficou desolada. Ela quase não saía do quarto, não queria falar com as pessoas, nem fazer nada das coisas a que estava habituada. E eu senti que, além de ter perdido papai eu a estava perdendo também. Mas eu tinha que continuar com a minha vida, indo ao colégio, ouvindo pessoas falarem coisas horríveis sobre mim e a minha família, sem ter alguém com quem pudesse conversar... Realmente conversar, contar tudo que eu sentia e talvez chorar um pouco sem receber olhares estranhos. Levou vários meses até que as coisas melhorassem. Então um dia chamei mamãe para ir ao cinema, ela precisava se distrair e eu também. No começo não tínhamos um dia só para isso, íamos só as vezes. Quando nos demos conta, já estávamos indo mais de uma vez por mês, então definimos um dia. - Sinto muito pelo seu pai. - Obrigada. Acho que finalmente estamos nos habituando a viver sem ele... Se é que é possível se acostumar a sentir falta de alguém. Ed apenas a olhou com carinho, sem saber o que falar, mas acabou não precisando falar nada. Ela limpou uma lágrima errante e se virou para ele com um sorriso. Durante o resto do caminho eles conversaram sobre amenidades, falaram sobre a escola, e trocaram algumas experiências de quando eram crianças. Logo chegaram ao Colonial. O vermelho e dourado do lugar nunca lhe parecera especial, mas essa noite era como se tudo brilhasse, e Ed sentiu uma onda de orgulho invadi-lo quando apresentou Lorraine aos colegas. Até mesmo o cheiro da pipoca aquele dia parecia melhor do que ele jamais sentira. Depois de encher os braços com a pipoca, balas e uma grande barra de chocolate sob protestos de Lorraine, eles foram para a sala. Para o mesmo lugar especial onde ele a colocara com sua mãe na segunda vez que a vira. Seu lugar favorito. E enquanto o romance proibido de Rick e Ilsa se desenrolava em cena, em meio a dúvidas, opressão política e ao constante medo trazido pela guerra, ali naquela sala, a proximidade dos dois também progredia. E enquanto ouvia Sam tocar e cantar sobre a constante presença do amor frente à efemeridade do tempo, Ed deslizou sua mão de leve pela dela, sentindo-a entrelaçar seus dedos nos dele enquanto ela puxava a respiração, surpresa, tentando suprimir o sorriso. Mas como todas as coisas boas acabam, também o filme acabou. Rick e Ilsa sempre teriam Paris e, de alguma forma, eles sempre teriam o Colonial. Embora Ed esperasse que seu futuro com Lorraine fosse um pouco mais feliz que o deles. Ele chegou ao hall sentindo-se diferente. O clima lá fora era agradável, as pessoas pareciam mais interessantes. Talvez isso se devesse ao fato de que ele passou metade do filme segurando a mão dela, conversando em sussurros. A mera presença de Lorraine o deixava mais feliz, e estar perto dela era tudo que ele mais queria. Talvez aquilo fosse um pouco mais que amizade. Eles saíram, ainda conversando e rindo, quando se depararam com um pequeno grupo que vinha pela calçada. Ed reconheceu um dos dois rapazes. Bart Morrison era o valentão da escola onde ele estudava, esnobe, insensível e do tipo que achava que o dinheiro do pai fazia dele especial ou melhor que os outros. Ed nutria uma aversão especial por ele, e por qualquer um que se aproveitasse dos mais fracos e indefesos. Sua expressão ficou sombria de repente, e ele também notou que Lorraine parara de sorrir. - Olha só se não é a esquisita da escola. - uma delas zombou. - E parece que ela arranjou um namorado. Achei que só se interessasse por coisas mortas, esquisita. Lorraine as conhecia. Barbara e Nancy eram melhores amigas e as garotas mais populares da escola. Loira, alta e perfeita, com pais ricos e influentes incluídos no pacote, Nancy estudava com Lorraine e não perdia uma oportunidade de zombar dela na frente de toda a escola. Ou em qualquer lugar com bastante público. Barbara era um pouco mais baixa, cabelos negros e lábios cheios. Era bonita, porém não muito esperta, e embora a fortuna dos pais não fosse tão grande quanto a de Nancy, ela se aproveitava da influência da melhor amiga no círculo social. Sua união com Bart Morrison e Peter Johnson só fazia as coisas piores. No momento eles eram apenas o que podia se chamar de gangue, mas provavelmente Bart e Nancy se casariam e continuariam espalhando sua genética perfeita e egoísta pela sociedade na forma de pequenos seres humanos que cresceriam para ser o terror dos colegas. - Já contou a ele sobre suas histórias de fantasma? - Barbara riu. - Sinceramente, Ed, você merece coisa melhor. - Nancy provocou, parando de frente para ele com as mãos nos quadris e olhando Lorraine de cima a baixo, o nariz empinado deixando claro quem ela considerava \"melhor\". - Obrigado pela sugestão, srta. Whitman, mas prefiro eu mesmo decidir o que é melhor para mim. – Ed respondeu de forma firme, mas educada. - Só estou avisando, essa dai é louca. Lorraine baixou os olhos e suspirou. Já estava acostumada aos comentários das duas, mas sendo o tipo que detesta conflitos, todas as vezes que se sentia cercada eram difíceis e cansativas. - Por favor, Nancy, não precisamos fazer isso agora. - Olha, a esquisita sabe falar! - Bart comentou, fazendo Peter rir de forma exagerada. - Embora fique bem mais bonitinha de boca fechada. O que acha esquisita, acho que tem alguma coisa embaixo da minha cama... Que tal ir lá essa noite pra... Pesquisar? - ele riu de forma grosseira e maliciosa olhando para Lorraine que se encolheu um pouco e se aproximou mais de Ed. Ed estava cansado daquilo, mas era esperto o bastante para não se meter em encrenca na porta do local onde trabalhava, especialmente estando em menor número. E ele não arriscaria a segurança de Lorraine por causa de Bart. Ele não valia a pena. - Antes de procurar por um bicho papão talvez devesse procurar seu cérebro, Bart. Está precisando dele. E de melhores modos, também. Acho que isso o dinheiro do seu pai não pode comprar. Vamos, Lorraine. Vou levá-la para casa. - Ele estendeu a mão para ela, que a segurou com força enquanto o seguia pela rua, desviando de Nancy, Bart e seus fiéis seguidores. Ed lançou um olhar a Bart por cima do ombro quando chegou à outra calçada. Eles andaram em silêncio por vários metros, Ed ainda sentindo a adrenalina em seu sistema. Só quando suas respirações voltaram ao normal e eles diminuíram o passo foi que Ed voltou a falar. Ele parou, puxando-a devagar pela mão até que ela parasse de frente pra ele. - Você está bem? - Estou. Só mais um dia na minha vida. - ela deu de ombros, evitando olhar diretamente para ele. Queria não parecer afetada ou triste, mas esses confrontos a desgastavam. Tudo que ela fizera fora falar a verdade sobre suas habilidades incomuns para alguém que ela achou que podia ser sua amiga, e agora não conseguia se livrar disso. - Mas não é certo. Do que eles estavam falando? - É uma longa história. – ela respondeu num suspiro - Prometo te contar um dia, mas não hoje. Por favor. Não quero mais falar disso por hoje. - Ok. Tudo bem. Não precisa me contar nada. Seja o que for, elas não tem o direito de te tratarem assim. Eu sinto muito. Não foi assim que imaginei essa noite. A moça finalmente olhou para ele. Mesmo a beira das lágrimas ela parecia linda. E o azul de seus olhos estava ainda mais brilhante. - Você é tão linda que às vezes eu me esqueço de respirar enquanto te olho. - ele sorriu. - É bondade sua. - É verdade. – ele insistiu, permitindo-se olhar para ela fixamente, tentando guardar suas feições como uma fotografia. - Lorraine? Será que... Você me odiaria muito se eu te pedisse um beijo? Ela o olhou com olhos assustados, abriu a boca como se fosse falar algo mas a fechou de novo. - Um beijo? Aqui? Agora? - Sim, bom ... - Mamãe disse que eu não devia... – ela o cortou. - E... Eu não sei. É a primeira vez que saímos juntos e... - Tudo bem. – Ele coçou a cabeça, desviando o olhar, de repente muito envergonhado. - Não quero que pense mal de mim. – ela continuava falando. - Calma. Está tudo bem, eu não devia ter falado nada. Me desculpa? - Com a boca aberta ou fechada? - O que? - Se, e é um grande SE, eu te deixasse me beijar, como seria? – ela procurou os olhos dele com uma expressão de expectativa. - Ahn... Eu não sei. Fechada, eu acho. Também não quero que pense que sou esse tipo de pessoa, que estou me aproveitando de você. Ela respirou fundo, concordando com a cabeça. - Mas você está certa, é muito cedo. Vamos deixar isso pra lá. – ele deu de ombros. - Aliás, vamos esquecer o que aconteceu lá atrás também. Eles não merecem suas lágrimas nem sua preocupação. - Não se preocupe. Apesar de tudo, eu me diverti muito. Adorei o filme... E a sua companhia. Obrigada por me convidar. - O prazer foi meu. E, talvez, se estiver livre em alguma tarde de sábado, a gente possa dar uma volta, ir a algum lugar... - Eu adoraria. – ela usou seu tom de voz mais suave, e o rosto dele se iluminou com a resposta. - Sério? - Sim. Gosto da sua companhia, Ed Warren. E sempre tenho os dias livres aos sábados. - isso é ótimo. - ele sorriu. Ed ofereceu o braço a ela como um perfeito cavalheiro e Lorraine aceitou com um sorriso tímido. Percorreram o resto do caminho assim, de braços dados e em silêncio, um silêncio que não sentiam a necessidade de preencher. Eles se entendiam assim tão bem quanto se entendiam com palavras. Lorraine sabia que essa era uma conexão rara e especial. Lembrava de todas as vezes em que observava os olhares cúmplices entre seus pais e desejava secretamente que em algum lugar do mundo houvesse alguém assim para ela também. E depois de confiar demais nas pessoas erradas, ela encontrara Ed, que nunca pedira nada além de sua amizade... E agora parecia mostrar querer um pouco mais que isso. Talvez ele fosse a pessoa que acreditaria nela. Talvez nele ela pudesse confiar. Eles pararam na frente da casa dela, ainda de braços dados, ambos com um sorriso sonhador, sem se darem conta disso. - Bem, aqui estamos. Ele soltou o braço dela, que se virou para ficar de frente para ele. - Obrigada pelo passeio. Eu adorei tudo... Bom, quase tudo. - ela riu. - Nem me fale! Espero poder compensar da próxima vez. - Irei aguardá-lo. - As três da tarde? - Está marcado. Boa noite, Ed. - Boa noite, Lorraine. Ela se despediu polidamente, apenas com um aceno de cabeça. Ed ficou observando enquanto ela atravessava o portão de ferro que ficava sempre aberto e levava até a porta da casa. Na metade do caminho, no entanto, ela se virou para olhá-lo e, com um sorriso misterioso, correu de volta para ele e, segurando seu rosto com as duas mãos, pousou seus lábios nos dele, rápida mas firmemente, por não mais que alguns poucos segundos. Quando ela se afastou, Ed notou que seu rosto estava muito vermelho e ela se segurava para não rir. - Amanhã, as três da tarde. Não se atrase. E tão rápido quanto veio ela se foi, deixando um Ed estarrecido para trás e entrando em casa com um risinho. - Pela sua expressão, presumo que aproveitou o passeio. - ela ouviu a voz da mãe vindo de algum lugar atrás dela. Imediatamente ela parou de rir e seu coração acelerou ainda mais. - Meu deus, mamãe! Quase me matou de susto! Por que ainda está acordada? - ela se virou, observando a mãe que estava novamente com a caixa de costura ao colo. - E alguma mãe consegue dormir enquanto os filhos estão fora de casa? Lorraine se aproximou dela devagar, como se algum movimento brusco fizesse com que a mãe fosse capaz de adivinhar todos os seus pensamentos e memórias. - E então, como foi o passeio? Ela sentou-se na poltrona de frente para a mãe, movendo-se muito devagar, escolhendo as palavras com cuidado. - Foi muito bom. Você teria gostado do filme, foi lindo. - Pelo jeito, com certeza foi. – a voz de Georgiana era a de alguém que sabia mais do que demonstrada. E talvez ela soubesse - Aconteceu alguma coisa? - Não. – a jovem hesitou por um momento. - Lorraine? Ela sentou-se na poltrona de frente para a mãe de forma nem um pouco delicada suspirando profundamente. - Nancy Whitman, Bart Morrison e seus colegas estavam lá e fizeram comentários irrelevantes na saída. - Ainda isso? - Georgiana comentou parecendo cansada - Não deixe que eles estraguem seu humor, já disse. Ignorar é a melhor coisa. - Mamãe, eu tenho ignorado ha tanto tempo e não tem adiantado nada. Eles são horríveis e nunca perdem a oportunidade de mostrarem isso. – ela fez uma pequena pausa, acrescentando depois: - Ed me defendeu hoje. - Contou a ele sobre seu dom? - Não. Ainda não. Mas eu acho que devia. - Não sei, não acha que é um pouco cedo? - mas eu confio nele, mãe. Acho que devia contar, explicar porque Nancy disse essas coisas. Ele vai entender, eu sei que vai. - Tem certeza de que quer fazer isso? Nem eu mesma estou certa de que entendo você, e eu sou sua mãe! Lorraine olhou no fundo dos olhos da mãe, querendo que ela entendesse sua decisão, seus sentimentos. Talvez a mãe também tivesse um pouquinho disso que ela tinha que a fazia ler tão bem as pessoas, e pudesse compreender que o coração de Lorraine descobrira em Ed um outro coração puro e compreensivo e que, por algum motivo, ela apenas sentia que ele iria entender. Mas em vez disso, foi a mãe que lhe contou uma história com o olhar. Uma história de amor e preocupação, a história de uma mulher que só queria proteger a filha e garantir que nenhum mal lhe acontecesse, porque o mundo é cruel e às vezes pessoas boas são presas nas teias de pessoas que espalham essa crueldade, e tudo que ela queria era impedir que a filha passasse por isso com uma pessoa de quem ela gostava, alguém que ela tinha como amigo mas que, ela sabia, estava se tornando algo mais. - Eu entendo, mamãe. Sei que está com medo de eu me decepcionar. Eu também estou. Com muito medo. Mas... Não acha que eu tenho que arriscar? A mãe respirou profundamente, sem saber o que falar. Lorraine foi sentar-se ao lado da mãe, que colocou a cesta de costura de lado. A jovem deitou a cabeça em seu colo. Um gesto quase infantil de busca por conforto no lugar mais familiar já criado. Georgiana acomodou-se melhor no sofá, os dedos ágeis instintivamente acariciando os cabelos da filha, como fazia quando ela era criança e tinha pesadelos. O gesto sempre a acalmava e a fazia voltar a dormir. Lorraine sempre se sentiu privilegiada por ter uma relação tão próxima com a mãe, até para falar de assuntos que ela sabia que outras mães não discutiam com as filhas. E agora mais do que nunca ela precisava e queria as palavras sábias e experientes dela, queria saber de coisas que não poderia perguntar a mais ninguém. Queria conhecer a mãe como a mulher que era, a jovem que já fora. - Mãe? Como foi que soube que o papai era especial? Quer dizer, você o amava, não é? A mãe hesitou por um momento, os dedos perdendo o ritmo por não mais que um segundo, e Lorraine sabia que tinha tocado num assunto delicado. - Eu o amei mais do que achava ser possível. - ela respondeu com um suspiro, e Lorraine fechou os olhos para ouvir a história de seus pais. - Conheci seu pai num jantar entre nossas famílias. Tanto o meu pai quanto o dele eram ótimos negociantes, e acabaram se tornando sócios. Não dei muita importância a isso naquela noite. Enquanto falava, a simpática senhora tinha um olhar distante, uma nota de nostalgia na voz, e Lorraine fechou os olhos para ouvir a história – Eu o achei muito arrogante e fechado, não respondeu nenhuma das minhas perguntas, e parecia imensamente entediado quando tentei puxar assunto. Ainda voltamos a nos encontrar em outras duas oportunidades e só na terceira vez foi que ele demonstrou um pouco de simpatia. Até me levou flores. - ela riu, fazendo Lorraine sorrir também. - Quando seu avô me disse que ele tinha pedido para namorar comigo foi uma enorme surpresa. Eu não o achava a pessoa mais interessante do mundo, mas também não era dos piores. Acabamos nos dando bem, afinal de contas, e ele se mostrou extremamente agradável e compreensivo. Mas as coisas naquela época eram diferentes. Ele vinha me visitar em casa, às vezes para jantar, mas não tínhamos muitas oportunidades de nos falarmos a sós. - E ele não era arrogante? - Não. Só muito tímido. – ela sorriu suavemente - E continuou assim por um bom tempo, mesmo depois de nos casarmos. Mas eu não tive essa noção de que ele era especial antes do casamento. Só quando você nasceu e eu o vi no seu quarto uma noite. Enquanto esperava você, tive medo de qual seria a reação dele se por acaso não lhe desse um filho para carregar o nome da família. Você sabe como são os homens, sempre em busca da imortalidade do nome. E quando você nasceu, eu mal o vi. Achei que ele havia se decepcionado, que não iria se importar muito com sua criação, afinal criar e educar as filhas é obrigação da mulher. Mas aquela noite... Ele não sabia que eu estava acordada, eu me aproximei da porta para ver como você estava e o encontrei lá, com você nos braços, lhe dizendo o quanto você era perfeita e que parecia um pequeno milagre, que ele jamais iria lhe abandonar não importava o que dissessem e que, enquanto ele vivesse você seria sua garotinha. A pequena princesa de seu coração, e que ele garantiria pessoalmente que o rei, a rainha e a princesa vivessem felizes em seu lindo castelo. Ele foi tão gentil, tão aberto e espontâneo. E ali eu soube que ele era a melhor pessoa que eu podia pedir a deus para ser meu marido. E então ele começou a se soltar, a se mostrar mais para mim. E eu descobri a pessoa maravilhosa que ele era. Mesmo sem olhar para a mãe Lorraine sabia que ela tinha levado uma das mãos ao rosto para enxugar uma lágrima. - Sinto falta dele. - ela disse baixinho, aconchegando-se mais no colo da mãe. - Eu também, meu amor. Todos os dias. Jamais consegui me acostumar com a ausência dele. - Mãe... Isso que você sente pelo papai, o que viveu com ele... Não acha que eu posso viver algo assim também? Houve uma pausa onde nenhuma das duas falou nada, então Lorraine continuou: - Eu não sei explicar direito, mas algo dentro de mim me diz para confiar nele. Então confie em mim. Por favor? - Tudo bem. Fale com ele, então. Quer chamá-lo para um jantar? Se tiver que fazer isso, prefiro que seja aqui. - Seria ótimo! – ela sentou-se reta de novo, olhando para a mãe com um sorriso que refletia em seus olhos. - E, na verdade, eu aceitei ir com ele à pracinha amanhã à tarde. Por favor não fique brava. Georgiana revirou os olhos, fazendo um sinal de negação com a cabeça. - O que eu vou fazer com você, Lorraine? - Me ajudar a escolher um vestido amanhã. - ela bateu palmas, feliz - Eu acho que vou dormir agora. Devia ir também, deve estar cansada. - Já vou, assim que guardar minha costura. Lorraine se aproximou e deu um abraço na mãe. - Obrigada. Boa noite, mãe. Aquela noite, depois de ter se preparado para dormir, já deitada em sua cama, Lorraine tocou de leve os lábios, sorrindo sonhadora ao lembrar de como foi sentir os lábios de Ed, quentes e macios, pressionados contra os dela, e de como pareceu que seu coração ia pular para fora do peito. Ela teria que beijá-lo de novo, sentir aquilo de novo. Foi um ato impulsivo, ela não tinha planejado fazer aquilo, mas quando se virou para olhá-lo ele estava tão adorável, com aquele sorriso sincero que iluminava todo seu rosto, as mãos nos bolsos, esperando que ela estivesse confortável e segura dentro de sua casa antes de ir embora... E ela simplesmente deixou seu corpo responder. E fora maravilhoso. Porém muito breve. E ela queria mais, mesmo que dissessem que moças de família não podem ficar beijando rapazes pelas ruas. Mas... Tecnicamente ela já estava em casa, não estava? O único problema nessas ocasiões é que outras pessoas a vejam... Ela deu um longo suspiro ajeitando-se na cama e olhando para o vaso sobre a escrivaninha, onde a mãe colocara as flores que ele lhe trouxera. Onde estava com a cabeça? Não devia pensar nesse tipo de coisa. Então se concentrou no sono, tentando não pensar no que o dia seguinte reservaria. Tentando não pensar em como sentira uma mistura de carinho e um frenesi indescritível que era novo pra ela quando Ed se manteve firme a seu lado, defendendo-a de Nancy e Bart, ou em suas mãos fortes, mas gentis a guiando pela calçada, o calor de seus lábios quando ela o beijou... Em outra parte da cidade, Ed também estava acordado, olhando as sombras da noite pela janela com um sorriso bobo no rosto. Pela primeira vez ele sentia que podia mudar alguma coisa, fazer algo por si mesmo. Futuro não era mais apenas uma palavra solta a esmo, tinha um nome e um significado: Lorraine Moran. Nem ele mesmo era capaz de explicar o que sentia exatamente, a única coisa que sabia é que nada nem ninguém lhe fizeram sentir assim antes. Ele se preocupava com ela, se pegava pensando nela em vários momentos do dia, como quando lia um poema na escola, ou olhava para o céu azul, brilhante como os olhos dela. Era uma mistura de querer tê-la por perto a todo instante e o desejo de poder observá-la de longe... Ele queria levá-la para dançar, segurar sua mão, passar os dedos pelos cabelos dela, tocar seu rosto e sentir a maciez de sua pele. Queria levá-la até aquela colina onde ninguém nunca ia mas onde a vista do por do sol era mais bela... Só de pensar nisso uma sensação morna de conforto e contentamento se espalhava por ele. Era louco, confuso, libertador e maravilhoso, e ele não sabia o que tudo isso significava. E, no fundo, ele só esperava que fosse assim para ela também.[Chapter 3] As coisas acabaram saindo do controle e essa história ficou maior do que eu esperava. Quando comecei era pra ser uma one shot e, no fim das contas, viraram 5 capítulos. Obrigada a quem está acompanhando, espero que estejam gostando :) Como que mostrando sua aprovação, o dia seguinte amanheceu lindo, com um céu azul e brilhante e uma ocasional brisa fresca que balançava as folhas das árvores só o bastante para levar seu perfume até as pessoas que passavam pela calçada. Os dias já começavam a ficar mais quentes pela chegada da primavera, e Lorraine sentia que, assim como as flores, sua alma também desabrochara nos últimos meses. Conhecer Ed lhe despertou um novo mundo de possibilidades. Pela primeira vez ela tinha um amigo, alguém com quem conversar e rir, trocar experiências e até mesmo com quem falar sobre seu pai. E sobre suas habilidades. Ela entendia o receio da mãe ao pensar em como contar isso a ele. A qualquer outra pessoa, na verdade. Dizer a alguém que se pode ver anjos ou sentir a presença de seres espirituais não é a tarefa mais aprazível. É muito fácil ser tida como louca, ou esquisita. Isso se tivesse a sorte de não ser chamada de bruxa. Não era isso o que Lorraine fazia. Mas como explicar as pessoas, se a própria Lorraine não compreendia totalmente o que fazia? Ela procurou refúgio na igreja, se confessara, até mesmo chorara abertamente diante do padre dizendo que não entendia porque essas coisas aconteciam com ela. Pedia a Deus em todas as suas orações pela sabedoria e entendimento, e por fim acabou aceitando seu dom como um desígnio de Deus. O Senhor às vezes trabalha de formas misteriosas, fora o que o padre dissera, além de aconselhá-la a acalmar seu coração, pois um dia ela entenderia qual era o propósito de Deus para ela. A partir desse dia ela se tornou uma pessoa reservada, fechada, sempre tomando cuidado com o que falava para as pessoas, pois suas revelações sempre lhe faziam mais mal do que bem. Mas com Ed era diferente. Ela se sentia segura e protegida com ele, como se ele tivesse uma habilidade mágica que a fizesse se esquecer de tudo quando estavam juntos. Ele a fazia se sentir feliz e segura. Só depois de vários minutos Lorraine se deu conta de que estava parada em frente a janela, ainda de camisola, perdida em pensamentos e com um sorriso bobo no rosto. Ela se virou mais uma vez para admirar as flores que Ed lhe trouxera, ainda bonitas e viçosas dentro do vaso que a mãe colocara em seu quarto. Ela teria aula de piano pela manhã, e então esperaria por Ed, e talvez lhe contasse tudo. Não podia negar que ficaria um pouco envergonhada depois de como se despediram na noite anterior, mas estava ansiosa por vê-lo novamente. Como as tardes já estavam ficando quentes, ela já sabia o que usaria. - Lorraine, venha tomar café da manhã. - ela ouviu a voz da mãe chamando por ela, tirando-a de seus pensamentos. Com um suspiro contente ela se dirigiu para a porta. Tomaria o café da manhã ainda de camisola, deixaria para se arrumar depois. O dia estava fadado a passar bem lentamente de qualquer forma. As 15:00 em ponto Ed estava parado no portão da casa de Lorraine. Não queria parecer ansioso demais, nem se atrasar, mas estar no horário parecia bom o bastante. Por fim, deu um suspiro e entrou pelo caminho de pedras batendo na porta. Ela não demorou a atender. Uma visão em um vestido azul marinho contrastando com o cinto e os sapatos em vermelho cereja. Os cachos castanhos lhe caiam sobre os ombros embaixo de um chapéu também azul. - Ed!. - ela cumprimentou. - Oi, Lorraine. Como vai? - Estou ótima. - ela sorriu. - Espero não ter vindo muito cedo... - Ah, não... - Na verdade, sua pontualidade é louvável. - Georgiana surgiu logo atrás da filha na soleira da porta. A simpática senhora gostava genuinamente de Ed e, embora não quisesse parecer que estava vigiando os dois, havia limites para essas coisas. Ela confiava na filha, confiava até mesmo em Ed. Não confiava era nas outras pessoas. Deus sabe quantas garotas tiveram a reputação destruída por línguas maldosas. Então, bem... Ela fazia de conta que vigiava a filha. - Boa tarde, Sra. Moran. Eu... Receio não ter flores para a senhora, hoje. - Tudo bem, Ed. As de ontem ainda estão lindas, eu as coloquei num vaso sobre o piano. Mas e então, vão sair hoje novamente? - Sim, bem... – ele ficou sem jeito de repente, correndo o olhar de Lorraine para Georgiana. Ainda não conseguia adivinhar quando a mãe da moça estava brincando ou falando sério. - É final de semana e eu pensei... - Tudo bem, meu jovem. – ela o tranquilizou. – Só... não se divirtam muito. E tenham cuidado. Sou do incidente de ontem. - Mãe... – Lorraine pediu, baixando o olhar para seus sapatos. - Eu sinto muito pelo que aconteceu, sra. Moran. - Tudo bem. Não o estou culpando. Aqueles dois são terríveis, assim como os pais. Só não quero que se metam em encrencas. - Não vamos. – Lorraine respondeu, olhando para a mãe novamente. - Eu prometo que não. – Ed reiterou. Georgiana olhou da filha para o rapaz parado de frente para ela. Eles formavam mesmo um belo casal, ela tinha que admitir. - Está certo. Vão se divertir. Ah, Ed... Lorraine sugeriu que seria de bom tom convidá-lo para um jantar. Que tal hoje, depois que voltarem? Lorraine olhou para a mãe com olhos espantados de repente. Ela concordara em chamá-lo para um jantar, mas não tinha sido exatamente ideia sua. Ela sabia o que a mãe estava fazendo, estava testando o rapaz. Jantares eram a evolução dos passeios e namoricos de portão, significavam que a coisa estava ficando séria. O problema é que eles ainda nem chegaram na fase do portão. Ed hesitou, pego de surpresa - Ahn.. eu... não esperava pelo convite. - Ora, é simples. É só dizer sim ou não. É apenas um jantar. Prometo que manterei os cachorros presos. – ela notou a expressão da filha, os olhos arregalados ainda grudados nela, as bochechas vermelhas de vergonha. - Lorraine, não me olhe assim. E então, Ed? Estará disponível hoje? - ...ahhnn... sim. – ele finalmente conseguiu responder – Claro. Eu ficarei contente em jantar com vocês. Com a capacidade de falar ele retomou a capacidade de sorrir. E depois de garantir que sim, seria ótimo, e que estava feliz por ter sido convidado, ele saiu com Lorraine, de braços dados. - Vocês têm mesmo cachorros? – Foi a primeira coisa que perguntou a ela enquanto se afastavam da casa. - Não. – ela respondeu. Eles se olharam e, sem explicação nenhuma ela sentiu uma vontade incontrolável de rir. Ed adorava a risada dela, espontânea, real. E principalmente, adorava que ela o fizesse querer rir também. Não fazia nem dez minutos que estavam juntos e ele já se sentia completamente feliz ao lado dela. Tiveram a sorte de não encontrarem Nancy ou Bart em lugar nenhum, e sempre que passavam perto de um conhecido, Ed se empertigava, orgulhoso por tê-la consigo. Eles andaram na roda gigante, conversando sobre os prédios antigos da cidade que viam à distância, Ed mostrou onde ficava sua casa e lugares interessantes da cidade, enquanto jogavam conversa fora. Depois tomaram sorvete, sentaram-se em banquinhos de madeira na pracinha, olhando as crianças brincarem e, Lorraine não sabia, mas naquele momento Ed imaginava como seria um filho deles. Certamente teria os mesmos olhos azuis dela, cabelos escuros e uma pele perfeita... Na verdade, ele esperava que um filho dos dois fosse exatamente igual a ela. Ele foi tirado de seu devaneio pela voz dela, dizendo que o sorvete dele estava derretendo. Só então ele se deu conta de que passou mais tempo do que devia pensando no futuro, em um futuro que ele nem sabia se existiria, e o sorvete derretido estava escorrendo por seus dedos. Ela pediu que ele segurasse o sorvete dela e se ofereceu para pegar um lenço na bolsa que carregava, mas quando se aproximou para limpar seus dedos ele tirou a mão depressa, e tocou o rosto dela com o doce gelado pegando-a de surpresa. Ela começou a rir e lhe deu um tapa de brincadeira enquanto ele se inclinava na direção dela e, com um beijo, limpou o sorvete do canto de seus lábios. Ela protestou em meio às risadas e se afastou dele apenas o suficiente para evitarem os olhares de reprovação dos transeuntes. Depois de limparem todo o sorvete de seus rostos e dedos, Ed lhe perguntou se gostaria de conhecer um lugar. O sol estava quase se pondo. Seria o momento perfeito. Ela aceitou e o acompanhou enquanto se afastavam um pouco do centro da cidade. Entraram por uma estradinha de terra e, embora curiosa, ela apenas o seguiu. Ele parecia determinado, com um propósito, e ela queria saber o que era. Seguiam em silêncio, mas um silêncio que não era nem um pouco desconfortável. Lorraine o olhou de soslaio enquanto caminhavam e, sob as sombras alaranjadas do sol do fim de tarde, se permitiu contemplar as feições de Ed. Os fartos cabelos negros, que pareciam estar em um constante estado de desalinho, seu sorriso gentil e fácil, o olhar franco e curioso, o nariz angular que combinava perfeitamente com o restante do rosto, o maxilar forte, o jeito quase distraído como ele andava com as mãos nos bolsos. E também havia o jeito como ele a fazia rir, como a conversa fluía de forma quase automática, como se tivessem conversado sobre tudo por anos e não apenas trocado algumas palavras polidas uma vez por semana durante alguns meses. Ed não era como os outros rapazes que ela conhecera, e definitivamente não se parecia em nada com o tipo de garotos que tentavam, sem sucesso, impressioná-la. Ele parecia alguém em quem ela podia confiar... Ela desviou o olhar de repente, sentindo como se o ar tivesse sumido de seus pulmões numa fração de segundo e seu coração saiu de compasso por um momento. Era como se o estivesse vendo por um novo ângulo, sob um prisma que não havia considerado antes. E então ela teve certeza de que estava apaixonada, e que passaria o resto da vida ao lado dele. Era assustador e maravilhoso ao mesmo tempo. O trajeto todo não levou mais de quinze minutos e terminou numa pequena elevação ainda mais estreita. Lorraine teve dificuldades de subir por causa dos sapatos e Ed prontamente a ajudou, segurando sua mão e puxando-a consigo. Lá de cima, quando olhou para a frente Lorraine viu uma das mais belas paisagens. Atrás deles, a cidade seguia seu curso, com suas fábricas barulhentas, automóveis, crianças e toda a atividade que se espera de uma população. Ali, no entanto, eram apenas eles, o silêncio e uma vista gloriosa para as montanhas além da planície coberta de pequenos arbustos e algumas flores selvagens. - Ed... – ela parecia sem ar, tentando absorver cada detalhe com o olhar. – É lindo. - Eu sei. – ele ainda segurava a mão dela, e a apertou um pouco mais. – É meu lugar secreto. Ninguém nunca vem aqui, acho que nem conhecem. E eu queria dividi-lo com você. Ela olhou para ele, um sorriso gentil se formando. - Obrigada. - Venha. Vamos nos sentar para assistir o por do sol. Eles se sentaram na grama macia, embaixo de uma árvore com uma copa grande e cheia. A ocasional brisa morna de fim de tarde passava por eles e, sentado ao lado dela, Ed imaginava como poderia dizer o que queria. Havia passado a manhã toda pensando nisso, e estava com medo da reação dela. Mas... Não podia ter se enganado quanto às intenções dela, não é? Ela também gostava dele. Ela o havia beijado na noite anterior, isso tinha que significar alguma coisa. - Lorraine, eu... - Ed, eu preciso... Eles falaram ao mesmo tempo e riram da coincidência. - Pode falar. – ele pediu. Ele a observou respirar profundamente e se preocupou um pouco. E se ela disse que não queria mais vê-lo? - Ed eu... Quero contar algo a você. Antes de qualquer coisa. Pode parecer estranho e eu estou com muito medo de como você vai reagir, mas eu preciso falar. - Lorraine...? - Por favor, só ... Me deixa falar, tudo bem? Ele fez que sim com a cabeça, olhando interessado para ela. - Eu sou... Diferente. - ela começou, ainda olhando para ele. - Às vezes eu vejo coisas... Coisas que as outras pessoas não vêm. Coisas...ou Pessoas... Que não estão lá. Ele ficou em silêncio por um bom tempo, olhando para ela, tentando absorver o que ela falara. - Como... Fantasmas? - ele perguntou, genuinamente curioso. - Bom... Não exatamente. Na verdade eu não sei bem como explicar. É mais como... Energia, na maioria das vezes. Mais como uma percepção. Às vezes são pessoas que já morreram, e anjos... Outras vezes são coisas muito, muito ruins. Coisas que querem fazer mal aos outros. Eu as sinto, sinto suas intenções. – Ela parou de falar e manteve os olhos fixos nele, em busca de algum traço de zombaria ou algum sinal de que ele pensasse que era uma piada, mas não viu nada além de pura concentração e curiosidade. - Você vê mesmo essas coisas? Com freqüência? Lorraine mordeu o lábio de nervosismo antes de acenar com a cabeça. - Eu... Já vi uma dessas coisas, também. – ele confessou. - Quando era criança. Eu vi... Alguma coisa debaixo da minha cama. Ela estreitou os olhos como se o estudasse. - Está zombando de mim? - Não! Não mesmo! – ele se apressou a responder- Eu juro. Eu... Nunca falo disso, mas como você começou...eu achei que... - Então acredita em mim? – Ela parecia aliviada, como se um peso tivesse sido tirado de seus ombros. - Acredito. Quer dizer, é um pouco confuso pra mim, mas eu acredito em você. Mesmo! Ela sorriu, mais calma. Não podia acreditar na tensão que acabara de deixar seu corpo. Lorraine não tinha se dado conta do quanto esperava que Ed acreditasse nela. Em como a rejeição dele a destruiria se ele a acusasse de ser uma aberração como outras pessoas fizeram. Como Nancy Whitman sempre se encarregava de fazer. Mas embora o receio estivesse ali, preso no fundo de sua mente, seu coração lhe dizia que ele era diferente. Ele tinha algo que outros não tinham. Ela tinha que contar pra ele, e ele acreditaria nela. Ela precisava que ele acreditasse. E ele acreditava. - Então... Como foi? – ela quis saber. - O que? - A coisa embaixo da sua cama. O que aconteceu? - Eu... Bom, eu contei pro meu pai. – ele começou a contar, desviou o olhar para a frente- Esperava que ele fosse até lá olhar, e me garantisse que estava tudo bem, ou só me deixasse dormir no quarto dele aquela noite. Mas ele me passou um sermão, me empurrou porta a dentro e me mandou ser homem. Eu devo ter chorado de medo por uns 20 ou 30 minutos até pegar no sono. - Pobrezinho. – ela comentou, fazendo-o olhar para ela novamente. - Aí me lembrei do que uma freira me disse na igreja um dia, que quando precisamos muito, só o nome de Deus já pode ser capaz de nos ajudar. Então eu peguei o crucifixo que ela me deu e o mostrei para a coisa lá embaixo. Acho que resolveu. E eu o carrego comigo desde então. - ele tocou o próprio pescoço, alcançando o crucifixo que levava sob a camisa e mostrou-o para ela. Lorraine se inclinou na direção dele e tocou o objeto, sentindo o calor do corpo dele no metal. - Sinto muito que não tenham acreditado em você, Ed. Mesmo que eu veja todas essas coisas... Nunca aconteceu nada assim quando eu era criança. Nem posso imaginar como deve ter sido assustador... Ela se inclinou ainda mais perto dele sem preâmbulos e o abraçou. Um abraço que o pegou de surpresa e, sem jeito, ele demorou um pouco a corresponder. Mas quando estreitou os braços ao redor dela, foi como se a mera proximidade com essa jovem misteriosa fosse o bastante para aplacar suas dúvidas e dar a seu coração a certeza de que ele estava fazendo a coisa certa. Instintivamente Ed encaixou o rosto na curva do pescoço dela, sentindo os cabelos dela roçarem seu nariz e aspirando profundamente seu cheiro, doce e suave, lembrando-o de um fim de tarde de verão. - Lorraine? – ele sussurrou. Ela se afastou do abraço apenas o suficiente para olhá-lo nos olhos. Seus braços descansando do lado do corpo dele como se já estivessem acostumados a isso. - Sim? - Eu sei que pode parecer um pouco estranho... Um pouco cedo. Mas eu sinto que existe algo que me puxa pra você. Eu só penso em você quando estamos separados e quando estamos juntos eu não quero te deixar ir. - ele desviou o olhar por um segundo, como se tivesse acabado de fazer uma confissão embaraçadora. - Eu sei - ela sorriu amplamente para ele. - Eu sinto o mesmo. Ele encostou a testa na dela, fechando os olhos. - E você fica uma gracinha quando fica vermelho de vergonha. - ela riu baixinho. - O que? Eu não fiquei vermelho! – ele se afastou, rindo. - Ficou sim. - Não fiquei, não! - Tudo bem. Seu segredo está seguro comigo. - E o seu comigo. - ele disse, num tom mais sério, então lhe deu um beijo na testa e a passou um braço pelos ombros dela, aproximando-a de seu corpo com mais segurança dessa vez. No céu, o laranja e o vermelho começavam a dar espaço aos tons de roxo e rosa. Logo escureceria, e eles precisavam ir embora. - Lorraine...? - Sim? - Antes disso tudo começar, o que eu ia perguntar é... - Sim? - Você... Você tem todo o direito de dizer não... – ele sentia o nervosismo formar um nó em sua garganta. - Ok. - É que eu... Eu queria saber... - Siiiim? - Você... Aceitaria namorar comigo? Ela o olhou sem expressão por um momento, analisando seu rosto, seus olhos. Ed estava apreensivo e assustado, e mal conseguia respirar enquanto esperava pela resposta dela. Então Lorraine sorriu do jeito que só sorria pra ele e respondeu num sussurro: - Achei que nunca fosse pedir! Sentindo-se mais corajoso e ousado, ele se inclinou em direção a ela e a beijou, suave e lentamente, como se tivessem todo o tempo do mundo, como se pudesse fazer isso para sempre, como se todas as respostas para todas as questões fundamentais da vida estivessem naquele momento, naquele beijo, nos lábios dela. Quando se separaram ofegantes, ela um pouco tonta pela intimidade repentina, era como se o mundo todo houvesse mudado naquele curto período. Tudo parecia diferente, melhor. E quando a levou de volta para casa naquele começo de noite, ele lembrou de como imaginara seus filhos aquela tarde, e segurou a mão dela sem medo, com a certeza de que ela podia senti-lo, de que poderia saber tudo que ele era incapaz de expressar com palavras. Não pelo dom que ela possuía, mas pela dádiva de ter encontrado um outro coração igual ao dele. E isso sim era algo raro.[Chapter 4] Faz tempo, eu sei! Me desculpem. Mas é que ocorreram coisas fora do meu controle, e eu fiquei muito tempo sem tempo e sem cabeça pra fazer nada. Como uma forma de compensar a demora, esse capítulo é bem longo. Tem também uma playlist montada com as músicas títulos de cada capítulo e outras músicas que eu relaciono com os dois e uso pra me inspirar. É um bom acompanhamento caso queiram ouvir enquanto leem :) O link é esse: /2hO65Ad ( Ou procure por Someone Who Believes Me no youtube e em filtros marque \"playlist\" ) De qualquer forma, as próximas atualizações acontecerão mais rápido. Quero terminar de postar essa fic antes do fim do ano o/ Fazia pouco mais de um mês que Ed e Lorraine estavam oficialmente namorando, embora ainda se mantivessem muito reservados quanto a isso. Ele havia aproveitado a oportunidade durante o jantar na casa dela para pedir oficialmente a permissão de sua mãe. Georgiana havia lhe passado um grande sermão sobre Lorraine e a forma como deviam se comportar, ou não se comportar, principalmente em público; questionou as intenções futuras dele para com sua filha (\"são as melhores, senhora, posso garantir\") e pela primeira vez, Ed ficou realmente nervoso na presença dela, mal sentindo o gosto do assado que ela fizera. Mas tudo se saiu da melhor forma possível, apesar das apreensões dele e da insistência da mulher de que precisaria conhecer os pais dele também. Georgiana gostava de Ed, o achava genuinamente um bom rapaz e, acima de tudo, ela se alegrava com a felicidade que se estampava no rosto de Lorraine quando os dois estavam juntos. Ela sabia como era, também já fora jovem. Ultimamente eles estavam quase sempre juntos, em todos os horários possíveis. Às vezes, Ed saía um pouco mais cedo da escola para esperar em frente à escola dela, debaixo do velho carvalho que oferecia sombra a um banco da pracinha. Nos dias em que Ed não trabalhava no Colonial eles iam à biblioteca e lá passavam o resto da tarde, estudando, buscando informações ou apenas lendo. Depois de conversarem sobre o dom de Lorraine e chegarem à conclusão de que sim, o mundo sobrenatural existe e às vezes se mescla ao nosso, ele começou a pesquisar com energia renovada. Não estava sozinho, e ter alguém com quem compartilhar duas descobertas, alguém para pensar com ele e com quem trocar dúvidas, questionamentos e experiências era estimulante e só o fazia querer saber ainda mais. Vez ou outra levava até ela pequenas informações, casos de pessoas que conhecia ou que simplesmente ouvira falar, e logo ela começou a acompanhá-lo nas pesquisas. Havia mais pessoas como ela no mundo, e havia tantas, tantas coisas que ainda não tinham explicação. Em outros dias, iam à igreja, cheios de dúvidas e questionamentos, ansiosos por ouvirem mais sobre o que descobriam, por saberem o que o papel não contava. Obviamente não conseguiam todas as respostas que queriam. \"Vocês são jovens demais para se preocuparem com isso\", dizia o padre. Mas era algo que os movia, algo que estava transformando suas vidas. Nem mesmo Nancy e Barbara eram capazes de tirar o foco de Lorraine. Nem mesmo quando se atrasou na saída da aula e deixou cair o terço que sempre levava consigo em sua bíblia, e Barbara riu chamando-a de virgem Maria, seguida por Nancy dizendo que ela deveria mesmo se tornar freira porque ninguém jamais se casaria com uma esquisita como ela. - Tem razão, Nancy. Vou levar sua sugestão em consideração. Agora, se me dão licença, Ed está esperando por mim na biblioteca. - foi a resposta de Lorraine, que se afastou apressada, mas com um sorriso. Não porque fora capaz de responder à altura para suas algozes, mas por ter, deliberadamente, mencionado o nome de Ed. Sim, ela queria contar a todos sobre Ed, queria que o mundo soubesse que estavam namorando, e que ele a tratava com tanta gentileza como nenhuma outra pessoa jamais a tratou, que ele fazia seu coração bater mais rápido e mais devagar ao mesmo tempo e que ele beijava muito bem, também... Embora, talvez a ultima parte não devesse ser compartilhada. Ela sabia que as coisas não mudariam, Nancy, Barbara, Bart e sua turminha continuariam a ser os mesmos de sempre, impondo sua classe e sua falsa superioridade a qualquer um que não concordasse com eles, ou não fizesse parte da mesma classe social. Eles eram o tipo de pessoa que não enxerga nada além da própria existência e vê os outros como meros peões para engrandecerem ainda mais sua vida sem graça. Só pela diversão disso. No fundo, Lorraine sentia pela tristeza e pelo vazio que eles teriam futuramente, quando a arrogância e a soberba os afastaria de qualquer contato humano honesto e verdadeiro. Ainda usando a saia preta e blusa branca do uniforme, ela entrou na biblioteca e logo avistou Ed numa das mesas redondas dispostas ao fundo, atrás de duas estantes particularmente velhas, de madeira grossa e pesada que guardavam livros velhos e igualmente pesados. Ele estava concentrado fazendo anotações num caderno e não a viu se aproximar. Ela sorriu ao vê-lo ali, concentrado e tão bonito como sempre, e se permitiu observá-lo por apenas um momento antes de aproximar-se sorrateiramente por trás. - Olá. - ela sussurrou perto do ouvido dele, logo antes de colocar os próprios livros na mesa em um espaço precário entre os vários livros já abertos ali e sentar-se na cadeira do lado, virada de frente pra ele. - Lorraine! Você me assustou. - Desculpe, eu não resisti. Você parecia tão concentrado e adorável. Ele sorriu para ela, perdendo-se em seu olhar por um instante antes de voltar sua atenção para um caderno com centenas de anotações. Informações conseguidas em suas pesquisas sobre o dom de Lorraine e o mundo espiritual. - Achou algo novo? - Hm... Mais ou menos. Continuo levantando informações sobre as diferenças entre fantasmas e espíritos. Na verdade - ele se recostou na cadeira, colocando o lápis em cima da mesa e cruzando os braços - eu preciso conversar com você. - Aconteceu alguma coisa? - O sorriso caiu do rosto dela, substituído pela preocupação e, mesmo sem se dar conta, ela segurou a respiração esperando pela notícia. - Não, não. É só... - com um suspiro, Ed pegou as mãos dela acima da mesa e as segurou com carinho. - As notícias da guerra se espalharam... - Sim, eu soube. Mais países estão se juntando. É horrível, e parece que não vai acabar nunca. - Sim, bem... Eu me alistei hoje. - Ed! - Não fique nervosa, Lorraine. - Mas Ed... - ela parecia a beira das lágrimas, como se tivesse recebido a notícia da morte de alguém próximo. - Não, por favor. Deixe-me falar com você. Era necessário, e eu me alistei. Na marinha. Você sabe, nessas ocasiões todos os homens devem se alistar. - Quando vão convocá-lo? - É imediato. - Meu deus, Ed! Ela levou a mão a boca. Era o momento de ser forte, mas as lágrimas insistiam em lhe pinicar os olhos e embaçar sua visão. - Não! Lorraine, não chore. - ele se aproximou mais passando os braços ao redor dela e Lorraine o abraçou, estreitando-o contra seu corpo. - Vai ficar tudo bem. Nosso país precisa de mim, agora... - Mas e quanto a mim? - ela se afastou apenas o bastante para olhá-lo nos olhos. - eu também preciso de você. - Lorraine... Eu sei que não é o melhor momento pra te dizer isso, mas eu... - Eu sei. - ela limpou os olhos com as costas da mão. – Eu sei... é egoísta da minha parte. É que... Eu me preocupo com você. Não quero que corra perigo, não quero que se machuque. Você é a melhor coisa que já me aconteceu e não quero que seja tirado de mim também. - Nada, nem ninguém vai me tirar de você, Lorraine. - E quando você parte? - ela tentava não parecer muito desesperada, decepcionada, preocupada. - No próximo sábado. Partimos do porto de Black Rock, fica há uns 25 minutos daqui. Ela concordou com a cabeça. Era sexta-feira. Eles deviam passar o fim de semana juntos, irem ao cinema e se divertir como jovens que eram. Agora tudo mudaria. De repente era como se todo o mundo estivesse sumindo de debaixo de seus pés. Incrível como as coisas podem mudar tão de repente. Sempre achara a guerra uma solução inútil e que trazia mais mal do que bem, além de tirar a paz, a vida e a esperança de milhares de pessoas. E agora também estava tirando alguém dela. - Vou esperar por você. - ela tornou a abraçá-lo. Vou rezar por você a cada minuto dos meus dias e Deus trará você inteiro pra mim. - Ele trará! Tenha fé! Naquela tarde, depois de se separarem, Lorraine andou cabisbaixa até em casa. Sua mãe já estava na cozinha preparando o jantar quando a jovem desabou pesadamente em uma das cadeiras apoiando a cabeça nas mãos. A mãe a olhou sem nada dizer. Sabia que algo estava errado com a filha, a conhecia melhor que qualquer pessoa na vida. - O que aconteceu, Lorraine? - Ed se alistou. Na marinha. Partirá na semana que vem. Mãe, o que vamos fazer? Ela olhava para a mãe com olhos suplicantes, como se de repente ela fosse a pessoa mais poderosa do mundo apenas por ser mãe. Mas Georgiana não tinha todas as respostas, e nem as palavras necessárias para acalmar o coração da filha. - Ah, meu bem. Eu sinto muito. Ela se aproximou e abraçou-a, acolhendo-a nos braços e sentindo a tensão nos ombros de Lorraine se dissipar apenas um pouco. - Eu gostaria de saber o que dizer, mas a verdade é que nada que alguém diga vai fazer diferença. Mas ele está sendo corajoso, está lutando pelo nosso país e por você. Ele ficará bem. Vamos rezar pra que ele vá em paz e que volte logo. - Paz, mãe? – Lorrainem incrédula, se afastou para olhá-la. - Nada nisso tem a ver com paz, é o exato oposto disso! Se me da licença, acho que vou até a biblioteca. - ela se levantou e começou a sair do cômodo. - Mas não acabou de vir de lá? - Até a igreja, então. - ela respondeu, virando-se para a mãe com uma expressão triste e um pouco desesperada - Eu não sei, mãe. Preciso ordenar meus pensamentos. Com licença. Lorraine deixou a mãe na cozinha e saiu de casa. Não tinha um rumo certo, tudo que queria era ficar a sós com seus pensamentos. E, quando percebeu, estava a meio caminho do lugar favorito de Ed. Os pés tropeçando de vez em quando em uma ou outra pedra, a meia calça branca da escola prendendo em um ou outro arbusto. Até que ela estava lá, no lugar deles, um lugar que mais ninguém conhecia. Era algo somente dele, e ele havia partilhado com ela. E ela se lembrou de todas as tardes que passaram ali, estudando ou lendo ou apenas conversando e aproveitando a companhia um do outro sem nenhuma interferência do mundo. Naquele momento ela tomou a decisão de ir até lá sempre que pudesse para não sentir tanta saudade. Ed lhe mostrara seu lugar no mundo, lhe dera um lugar especial, e agora ela cuidaria desse lugar especial para eles até que ele voltasse. Quando chegou até lá, encostou-se no tronco do grande salgueiro e, com os braços cruzados a frente do corpo, ficou observando a paisagem e deixou a mente vagar, absorvendo a calmaria e tranqüilidade daquele espaço onde não havia nada além de segurança e amor. Apesar de apreensiva, Lorraine entendia. Era obrigação de todos os homens se alistarem, era esperado que fizessem. E, para ser sincera, ela não sabia se ficar em casa, se preocupando, rezando e aguardando pelo retorno dos homens que amavam era melhor do que lutar nas batalhas. De certa forma, todos sentiam o mesmo, todos os homens e todas as mulheres. Apreensão, angústia, medo, preocupação, solidão, saudade... A guerra tinha um jeito de unir as pessoas como a paz ainda não tivera. Embora essa união seja fugaz e supérflua, pois não eram os ditos inimigos também irmãos? Também eles não tinham irmãs, namoradas, mães, esposas, amigas, tias, filhas, todas esperando que retornassem seguros? Não eram eles também o \"próximo\" que Deus mandara amar? Tão perdida ficou em seus questionamentos sobre a falta de amor e união entre as pessoas que não percebeu Ed se aproximar, só se dando conta de sua presença quando ele a enlaçou pela cintura e escondeu o rosto na curva de seu pescoço, pousando um beijo em seu ombro, e sentindo o perfume dela, floral e suave, e algo que era exclusivamente dela. Instintivamente ela cobriu os braços dele com os seus e fechou os olhos. - Fui até sua casa e sua mãe disse que você tinha saído para pensar. Achei que fosse te encontrar aqui. - a voz dele era calma mas carregava uma certa gravidade, uma nota de preocupação. - Eu precisava ficar um pouco sozinha. Queria... Colocar meus pensamentos em ordem e... - ela deu um suspiro - entender melhor tudo isso. - E conseguiu? Ela se virou ficando de frente para Ed. As mãos dele se apoiaram instintivamente na cintura de Lorraine e uma das mãos dela descansava no braço dele enquanto a outra brincava com o crucifixo através do tecido da camisa que ele usava. Parecia que já faziam aquilo há anos, que aquele pequeno e inocente gesto de intimidade era resultado de um longo relacionamento e não apenas de começo de namoro. - Não exatamente. – Ela olhava para os próprios dedos, um tom quase infantil na voz. - Nunca vou entender a guerra, mas... De alguma forma eu entendo você. Suas motivações. Entendo que, nesse ponto, quase não se tem escolha. – ela elevou o olhar para ele - Você tem que fazer o que é necessário, e precisa do meu apoio, não da minha aprovação. Mesmo assim, você a tem. Ele não respondeu, apenas procurou os olhos dela em busca de algum vacilo, alguma mentira, mas tudo o que viu foi preocupação, carinho e dor. Ele então a puxou para si, abraçando-a com força e sentindo ela se segurar nele como se nunca fosse deixá-lo ir. E talvez fosse isso mesmo que ela quisesse fazer. Prendê-lo ali para que ele nunca saísse dos braços dela. - Vai ficar tudo bem, Lorraine. Isso vai acabar logo, e eu voltarei para casa. Voltarei para você. - É melhor que esteja certo. - ela suspirou. Ficaram abraçados por vários momentos, até que Lorraine se deu conta de que o sol já estava começando a se pôr, tingindo o céu em tons de laranja, rosa e dourado que faziam as folhas das árvores e os arbustos para além da colina parecerem cintilantes como se fossem líquidas. - Isso aqui é tão bonito. - ela sussurrou, ainda abraçada a ele, com a cabeça apoiada em seu peito. - Obrigada por me mostrar esse lugar. Por me dar algo de especial. - Eu te daria o mundo se pudesse, Lorraine. Faria o que você quisesse, qualquer coisa pra te ver sorrir. - ele pousou um beijo na cabeça dela. A distância não seria fácil, assim como a incerteza do que o aguardaria quando embarcasse. Dentro dele havia uma mistura de apreensão, curiosidade e medo. Mas seu coração sabia que o que sentia por Lorraine não mudaria, e ele faria tudo que fosse necessário para protegê-la. O sol estava quase posto quando decidiram voltar. O laranja do céu estava chegando ao vermelho, com tons de roxo anunciando a chegada da noite. A pouca luz tornava a trilha de volta um pouco mais difícil, mas o apoio constante da mão de Ed a segurava e não a deixava cair. Quando finalmente voltaram a rua, Lorraine estava um pouco mais animada. Caminhava de mãos dadas com Ed e agarrou-se ao braço dele, recostando a cabeça em seu ombro enquanto andavam. Ed tinha uma última preocupação. Queria pedir algo a ela pois achava que já estava na hora, porém não sabia como abordar o assunto, tampouco podia prever a reação de sua jovem namorada. Mesmo assim, tempo não era algo que ele tivesse em abundância ultimamente. - Lorraine... Eu queria ... - ele suspirou e ela parou, puxando-o para olhá-la de frente.- Gostaria de apresentá-la aos meus pais. - Oh. Ela tinha uma expressão indecifrável no rosto. - Bom, não quero que tenha grandes expectativas, mas ... Eu quero que eles saibam quem é a garota que ocupa todos os meus dias. Ela sorriu para ele, então o olhou fixamente antes de responder. - Sua relação com seus pais não é tão boa quanto gostaria, não é? - ela perguntou, quase uma afirmação. - Não, não é. Digamos que, enquanto estou no meu canto, me mantendo ocupado e não passando muito tempo em casa, estamos bem. Mas, por outro lado, poderia ser pior. - Entendo. Eles não são os piores pais do mundo, mas também... não te entendem como eu. - ela lhe lançou um sorriso sem a mínima modéstia. - Bom... - ele ergueu um dos braços e coçou a nuca. - na verdade é exatamente isso. - ele confessou é ambos riram. - Ed! - eles ouviram uma voz feminina chamar por ele e, quando se viraram para o lugar de onde vinha, uma mulher de meia idade, vestido bege e cabelos presos vinha na direção deles segurando uma bolsa preta que combinava com os sapatos e o casaco que ela carregava em um dos braços. - Ed Warren! Onde foi que se meteu? Seu pai está louco atrás de você, devia estar se preparando para sua partida. - Olá, mãe. - foi tudo que ele disse. A mulher estava bem de frente para eles agora e Lorraine podia ver o brilho acinzentado no olhar dela, tão parecido com os olhos de Ed, mas sem aquela ternura e sinceridade a que ela havia se acostumado. - Ainda há tempo para minha partida, e eu já tenho tudo planejado. Não preciso de muito, de qualquer jeito. - Se você está dizendo... Ela parecia apressada e, embora tenha lançado um olhar ocasional a Lorraine quando se aproximou, estava focada somente em Ed, como se a jovem não estivesse ali. - Mãe, na verdade é muito bom que esteja aqui. Eu queria lhe apresentar Lorraine Moran, minha namorada. - Oh. Namorada? Então você falava sério? - ela falou, abrindo um sorriso e observando Lorraine como se só naquele momento a estivesse vendo. - Muito prazer, senhora. - Lorraine estendeu a mão que a mãe de Ed segurou sem muita emoção ou interesse. Mesmo com o sorriso pregado no rosto, os olhos da mulher a inspecionavam de alto a baixo, fazendo a jovem corar pelo estado que sabia que estavam suas roupas, principalmente suas meias, finas e brancas, que estavam desfiadas e, provavelmente, sujas pelos arbustos do caminho. - Estou encantada por conhecê-la. - Lamento por não estar adequadamente vestida para a ocasião. - Lorraine se desculpou, soltando a mão da mulher e alisando a saia plissada da escola. - Eu nem mesmo me troquei após a escola, então acabamos dando uma volta para observar o por do sol e... - Andam passando muito tempo juntos, pelo que vejo. - a senhora a interrompeu. - Mãe... - Devia ir jantar conosco qualquer dia desses. Para que Ed não seja o único a desfrutar de sua doce e jovem companhia. - apesar do sorriso, Lorraine tinha dificuldade de decifrar as reais intenções dela. Era fácil deduzir que a mulher não caíra de amores por ela, mas pelo menos estava tentando ser gentil. Por obrigação, talvez? - Quem sabe para comemorar meu retorno? Certo, Lorraine? - Ed sorriu para a namorada, mas também estava desconfortável com a situação. Não tinha sido isso que planejara. Talvez um encontro num jantar na casa dele, antes mesmo que ele partisse. Mas a reação da mãe já o estava fazendo mudar de ideia. - Claro, seria ótimo! – Lorraine respondeu com mais animação na voz do que realmente sentia. - Perfeito. Está combinado, então. Seu pai ficará feliz por você, Ed. - Claro, mãe. Vou levar Lorraine até em casa, agora. - Até breve, Sra. Warren. Foi mesmo um prazer. - Lorraine se despediu. A mulher lançou seu sorriu brilhante para ela uma ultima vez antes que eles se virassem e saíssem. Só depois de vários metros foi que a tensão que tomara conta deles pareceu se dissipar e Lorraine soltou a respiração que nem percebera que estivera segurando. - A sua mãe... - Foi horrível. - ele a cortou. - Sinto muito, Lorraine. Ela não é tão arrogante e mesquinha como pareceu. É que, na cabeça dela, minha mãe ainda tem algum tipo de fantasia medieval de que vai escolher a garota com quem vou me casar. - Deixe-me adivinhar: Nancy Whitman? - Algo assim. Se ela soubesse... - ele riu diante da possibilidade absurda. - ela e a mãe de Nancy frequentam algum clube de tricô ou alguma dessas coisas de costura juntas. - E certamente minha péssima aparência não ajudou... Ed parou puxando-a pela mão para perto da parede. Olhou nos olhos dela, o rímel levemente borrado abaixo de seus cílios, os sutis mas presentes riscos de lágrimas em seu rosto, e acariciou sua bochecha. - Você está linda. Você É linda. Poderíamos ter descido a colina rolando na terra que você continuaria linda. Não deixe que ninguém te diga o contrário. Ele sorriu e ela lhe sorriu de volta, aquele sorriso que guardava mais entendimento e compreensão do que muitas conversas inteiras. - O que eu faria sem você, Ed Warren? Ed a enlaçou pela cintura e pousou um beijo em sua testa. - Ainda estaria me procurando. Ou... Estaria com Bart Morrison. - Ed! - ela fez uma careta. - É possível - ele deu de ombros. - Eu preferiria espetar agulhas quentes nos meus olhos. - ela respondeu, a voz séria e excessivamente dramática, mas um brilho irônico no olhar, então enlaçou-o pelo pescoço e pousou um beijo suave em seus lábios. - Agora vamos. Minha mãe deve estar louca de preocupação. Leve-me para casa antes que eu me meta em mais encrenca. Desde que começara a namorar com Ed, Lorraine se esforçava para estar com ele sempre que possível. Todos os dias ele ia esperar por ela na saída da escola, então passavam a tarde juntos até que fosse hora dele ir para o Colonial. Nos dias de folga dele, costumavam passar o resto da tarde juntos até que ele a levava em casa ao anoitecer. Georgiana se preocupava, principalmente porque Lorraine estava se entregando demais muito cedo. Ela era jovem e impressionável, cheia de sonhos e de planos e, depois de tanto tempo tendo que lidar com as coisas do jeito mais difícil, era novo para ela ter um amigo que a escutava e a entendia, que não a julgava, alguém da idade dela que lhe fazia companhia e com quem ela podia dividir a áurea beleza da juventude. E que, além disso, se tornara próximo o bastante para que ela se apaixonasse por ele, para que se tornassem namorados. Mas também ele era jovem e ambos ainda tinham muito o que viver. E se a paixão se esvaísse? E se ele decidisse que não a queria mais? E se a trocasse por outra? Seria demais para Lorraine. Não é que ela não gostasse de Ed, ou não acreditasse nas intenções dele. Mas ela era mãe, suas preocupações com sua filha nunca terminariam. Lorraine era tudo que lhe restara após a morte prematura do marido, e ela só queria proteger a filha de tudo que pudesse lhe causar algum mal. Aquela tarde, quando a garota saiu de casa, sem retirar o uniforme da escola, perturbada e visivelmente abalada, um peso se instalou em seu peito. A filha tinha razão, não havia nada pacífico na guerra, nem mesmo o motivo de toda a luta sem sentido. Eles não lutavam pela paz, lutavam por glória e poder. E forçavam jovens como Ed a lutar. E, enquanto isso, as mulheres que os esperavam também sofriam. E também sofriam aquelas que observavam de perto o sofrimento de suas filhas, irmãs, primas... A sempre simpática e calma Georgiana estava agora impaciente, preocupada. Fazia horas que Lorraine saíra. Ela não se preocupou tanto na hora, acreditando que ela havia ido se encontrar com Ed, pois os dois se tornaram inseparáveis nos últimos meses. Mas quando ele apareceu procurando por ela, dizendo que não a via desde que se despediram na biblioteca, seu coração se apertou ainda mais, cheio de preocupação e dúvidas. Ed se propôs a ir atrás dela, procurá-la e trazê-la para casa. Já fazia horas também que ele saíra atrás dela, e o não saber a estava matando. Dividida entre andar de um lado para outro da sala e olhar para a rua através da janela, Georgiana pensava que dessa vez a filha tinha ido longe demais. Ela foi até a cozinha pegar um copo d'água e, ao atravessar a porta, ouviu a porta da frente se abrir e, ao virar-se depressa, avistou Lorraine, os cabelos bagunçados e cara de gato que foi pego roubando o leite. - Oi, mãe. - Vocês querem me matar de preocupação? Onde é que vocês se meteram? - o tom dela era mais aflito que reprovador, e Lorraine sentiu uma pontada de remorso pela mãe. Os dois se postaram lado a lado, trocando um olhar breve antes de abaixarem a cabeça. - Desculpe, mãe, eu... - Foi culpa minha, senhora Moran. - Ed a interrompeu. Lorraine lhe lançou um olhar de dúvida que ele sentiu mais do que viu enquanto tentava manter os olhos fixos na mãe da jovem. - Eu acabei demorando pra encontrar Lorraine e acabei não falando logo de cara que a senhora estava preocupada. E... Bom, nos encontramos com minha mãe e como ela e Lorraine ainda não se conheciam, eu as apresentei... - E acabou ficando ainda mais tarde. Mas eu não podia bancar a mal educada e deixá-la falando sozinha. - Lorraine se juntou a Ed na pequena desculpa que não era de todo mentira. Georgiana passou o olhar de um a outro, decidindo se deveria insistir ou deixar pra lá. No fim, acabou desistindo. Estava exausta e era muito tarde para insistir em uma discussão que não levaria a lugar nenhum. - Certo. Digamos que eu aceito suas desculpas. É bom que não aconteça novamente. - Não vai, mãe. Eu prometo. - Acho bom. Agora vão jantar. Mas você vai arrumar tudo depois. Mary não é obrigada a ficar até depois do horário porque você resolveu... Fazer... Sei lá o que estava fazendo pra voltar para casa nesse estado! - Claro. - Lorraine baixou a cabeça sentindo as bochechas corarem. - Na verdade, senhora Moran, eu também preciso ir para casa. Meus pais devem estar me esperando, eu só vim acompanhar Lorraine. - Oh. Imagino que sim. Lorraine contou que se alistou. Marinha, certo? - Certo. Acho... Acho que só estou cumprindo meu dever enquanto cidadão, senhora. - É muito bom que pense assim, Ed. Já sabe quando parte? - Mãe...? - Lorraine pediu com o olhar. O que menos queria naquele momento era voltar a falar disso. - No próximo sábado, senhora. Partimos do porto Black Rock as 10h00. - Tão rápido assim? - ele apenas concordou uma vez com a cabeça. - Bom... Se deve ser feito, deve ser feito. O silêncio se abateu entre eles por um momento. Mas não o silêncio confortável ou mesmo cúmplice que era comum em seus encontros. Dessa vez era um silêncio carregado, com dúvidas e perguntas não feitas. O tipo de silêncio que deixa os presentes maquinando e se esforçando para pensar em algo a dizer, algo que quebrasse a tensão. E coube a Ed quebrar o transe dessa situação nova e incômoda entre eles. - Bem... Então... Vou pra casa, agora. Boa noite, senhora Moran. E desculpe não ter trazido Lorraine de volta mais cedo. Ela apenas concordou com a cabeça, tentando um sorriso não muito confiante na direção dele. Ed se aproximou e os dois se abraçaram brevemente quando ele pousou um beijo suave na testa de Lorraine. - Boa noite, Lorraine. Até amanhã. - Até amanhã. - a voz dela era um sussurro ao ver Ed sair e fechar a porta atrás de si. Ela se virou e olhou a mãe com uma expressão triste. Os olhos duas poças de preocupação e dúvidas. - Vamos, Lorraine. Vá comer alguma coisa. E, por favor, tente não me assustar assim de novo. Eu estava mesmo muito preocupada com você. - Não estou com fome. Acho que vou me deitar. Ela passou os braços em volta de si mesma, como uma criança cansada e perdida, enquanto atravessava a sala sob o olhar vigilante da mãe. Ao chegar ao corredor ela parou e se voltou para a mãe, ainda parada na soleira da porta que levava a sala de jantar. - Desculpe deixá-la preocupada, mãe. A mãe deu um longo suspiro, sentindo-se exausta de repente. Ela entendia a tristeza da filha. Na verdade, não conseguia imaginar como se sentiria se tivesse que se despedir de seu doce e amado John sem saber se ele retornaria, sabendo que correria perigo e a despedida poderia ser definitiva. No entanto, ela já se despedira dele definitivamente, e a dor da perda ainda fustigava seu peito. Jamais pensou que as coisas chegariam a esse ponto. Um ano e meio atrás, se alguém lhe dissesse isso, ela riria e declararia a pessoa louca. Contudo, aqui estava ela. - Só... Não faça isso de novo, por favor. - ela pediu. Lorraine concordou com a cabeça e, após lhe desejar boa noite, retirou-se para seu quarto. Seu sono foi perturbado, extenuante, repleto de sensações incomuns e estranhas que chegavam a ela como garras geladas envolvendo-a de escuridão e temor. Temor por algo que ela não sabia o que era, mas estava sempre acompanhado da imagem de Ed. Quando acordou na manhã seguinte, ainda mais cansada do que quando foi se deitar, Lorraine sentia a angústia pela partida de Ed apertar seu peito. Sete dias. Em sete dias se despediria dele no porto. Poderia muito bem ser uma cena em um filme, mas era a realidade. E era assustador. No entanto, conforme os dias foram passando, ela começou a aceitar melhor a ideia de vê-lo partir para a guerra. A frase ainda tinha o poder de lhe causar arrepios, mas após passarem o fim de semana conversando sobre como as coisas mudariam, Ed lhe disse a mesma coisa que ela dizia a todos: tenha fé. E ela tinha. E foi como se o peso que carregasse em seu peito fosse aliviado pelas palavras dele. A preocupação não desapareceria, continuaria ali. Só que não tomaria mais conta de seus dias. - Como você pode ser capaz de me deixar tão feliz e tão triste ao mesmo tempo? - ela perguntou a ele uma tarde enquanto caminhavam de volta para casa depois da escola. Ele carregava os livros dela com uma mão e, com a outra, segurava a não dela e ambos caminhavam lado a lado. O tempo ameaçava chuva e o vento agitava os cabelos dela. Na luz acinzentada os olhos dela se destacavam ainda mais e, se não a conhecesse, Ed poderia jurar que estava vendo um anjo. Mas apesar da afirmação, o tom de voz dela não era reprovador, não era de desespero ou preocupação. Apenas uma constatação. - Eu fui mandado para balançar seu mundo, senhorita Moran. - ele disse com a voz grave e um sorriso de lado. - Você... É extremamente convencido, Edward Warren. - ela riu, fazendo-o rir também. Em momentos assim ela acreditava que sua fé e seus sentimentos talvez pudessem ser o bastante para mantê-lo seguro enquanto estivesse fora. Sem o trabalho no Colonial, de onde havia se despedido ao se alistar, Ed não tinha muito o que fazer nos fins de tarde, e isso o deixou com mais tempo livre para passar com Lorraine. Nesses cinco dias ele a ouviu tocar piano, foram ao cinema, fizeram um piquenique na colina, tomaram chuva na volta e ele a beijou enquanto as gotas pesadas caiam sobre eles. Deixaram de lado os estudos pessoais e trocaram livros e poemas de que gostavam. Ele a levou para tomar sorvete e para andar de bicicleta, ela o ensinou a tocar Chopsticks e a dançar, e foi como se tudo estivesse certo no mundo. Mas a sexta-feira trouxe com ela a brisa do oceano e o peso da realidade, e quando caminhavam pela calçada em direção a casa dela, Lorraine se lembrava da música de Casablanca que tanto gostara. De certa forma sentia que agora entendia melhor toda a história, e entendia melhor a música, e o tempo seria sua companhia e seu confidente em sua espera. Mesmo assim, quando se despediram e ele perguntou se ela iria vê-lo partir na manhã seguinte, ela não foi capaz de conter as lágrimas. Ed apenas a puxou para junto de si, abraçando-a com força, murmurando palavras doces em seu ouvido para garantir que tudo ficaria bem, ainda que ele mesmo não tivesse certeza disso. Na manhã seguinte, Lorraine e a mãe se aprontaram para ir até o porto como se estivessem se aprontando para um funeral. Tudo era silêncio e gestos medidos, até quando sentaram-se para tomar café. Ela se recusou a comer, só pegando uma xícara se chá depois de muita insistência da mãe. Haviam combinado de se encontrar na mesma bifurcação onde, meses antes, eles paravam para conversar depois de saírem do cinema. Tanta coisa havia mudado que as vezes Lorraine pensava que tudo que acontecera antes fazia parte da vida de outra pessoa. Algo que ela apenas ouvira falar. Ao chegarem ao local, encontraram Ed e os pais. A Sra. Warren parecia preocupada, e Lorraine não notou nela dessa vez nenhum traço de arrogância ou soberba. Apenas preocupação e medo. O sr. Warren, por quem Lorraine nutria certa aversão desde o dia em que Ed lhe contara sobre o espírito embaixo de sua cama, na verdade lhe pareceu bem educado e polido, apesar de muito fechado e sério. Poucas palavras foram trocadas, inclusive entre as duas mães e, ao chegarem ao porto, Ed os deixou para ter os documentos verificados. Ao voltar, ele não teve muito mais que cinco minutos para ficar com o grupo, todos os quais foram gastos ao lado de Lorraine, disfarçadamente segurando a mão dela. Quando ouviram a buzina do navio e o alarme acionado no porto indicando que era hora de partir, foi como se toda a multidão ali presente tivesse se calado por um momento. Lorraine lançou um breve olhar ao redor, vendo as expressões de todas as outras mulheres presentes que refletiam a sua própria. Sob a aprovação silenciosa do pai, Ed abraçou a mãe. Depois veio Georgiana que lhe desejou boa sorte e que Deus o acompanhasse. E então, foi a vez de Lorraine. Ela o abraçou com toda a força que tinha, desejando que não fosse a ultima vez que o via. Ele pousou um beijo na testa dela e se despediu, ouvindo-a dizer que lhe escreveria. Ele se virou, colocou a grande e pesada mochila verde militar nos ombros e começou a se afastar sob os olhares de sua família. Um pouco mais a frente ele se juntou a um grupo grande de outros jovens. Lorraine desviou o olhar para o grande navio parado ali e, por um momento, foi como se estivesse sendo transportada para outro lugar. Uma sensação de perigo e medo tomou conta dela, e de repente sentiu algo apertar seu peito e uma vontade enorme de chorar. Não era uma das sensações as quais ela já se acostumara. As vezes essas coisas não aconteciam com quem estava muito perto, com família ou amigos íntimos. Era outra coisa... receio, medo puro e gélido correndo por suas veias de algo iminente, algo que iria acontecer, mas que ela não era capaz de identificar. Ela não queria se separar dele, Ed não devia ter que ir para uma batalha sem sentido que nada de bom iria trazer, apenas destruição e dor. Sem saber ao certo o que fazia, ela começou a andar em direção a ele. - Ed! - ela gritou por ele, passando entre a multidão até onde os recrutas se juntavam para entrar no navio. - ED! Espere! Após conseguir passar pela torrente de pessoas que tentava se despedir de filhos, pais, tios e irmãos, ela conseguiu correr. Só quando o vento bateu contra seu rosto foi que ela notou que estava chorando. Ouvindo os gritos de sua namorada, Ed se virou, andando rapidamente por alguns metros até encontrar com ela. Lorraine se atirou nos braços dele, ofegante, a velocidade fazendo-o dar um passo atrás em busca de equilíbrio. Os braços dela se prenderam ao pescoço dele e, instintivamente, ele a enlaçou pela cintura, tirando-a do chão e beijando-a com todo o amor e a saudade que já sentia. Não era certo. Uma moça de família não devia se comportar daquela forma. Mas, embora o pensamento tenha lhe ocorrido, Lorraine não podia se importar menos. Ela não ligava para o que iam pensar dela, para o que falariam. Ela estava tendo a pessoa mais especial no mundo roubada dela por um motivo egoísta e fútil, e sinceramente, pudor não era sua maior preocupação no momento. - Lorraine, amor... - Me prometa que vai voltar pra mim, Ed. - ela pediu apressadamente, afastando-se para olhá-lo quando ele a colocou novamente no chão. - Prometa! Por favor. A ultima frase foi apenas um sussurro, sua visão nublada pelas lágrimas que ela tentava, sem sucesso, impedir que surgissem. - Eu queria poder... - ele acariciou o rosto dela, afastando as lágrimas de suas bochechas quentes, tocando o cabelo macio. - Mas você pode. Você pode! Só me prometa. Diga que vai voltar. Ele a olhou nos olhos, no fundo daquelas piscinas azuis, cheias de bondade e afeto. Os olhos mais lindos, mais puros e mais preciosos que ele jamais vira. E ao ver o desespero e a incerteza instalados ali, ele teve a certeza de que faria de tudo para voltar a vê-la, abraçá-la, sentir seu perfume e ouvir sua voz de novo. - Eu prometo. Prometo. Eu vou voltar para você. Ela o abraçou de novo, sentindo-se um pouco tonta de repente, agarrando-se a ele como se já estivessem em alto mar e ele fosse sua única bóia salva vidas. - Ed... Tenha cuidado. Por favor. Você precisa ter cuidado. Ele se afastou para olhar para ela. Lorraine tinha aquela expressão de alguém que era muito velha e muito sabia de alguém que tinha vivido muito e trazia consigo uma grande bagagem. Não era a primeira vez que via esse olhar, mas pela primeira vez Ed sentiu que talvez ela tivesse razão, talvez ele não devesse ir. Mas ambos sabiam que isso não seria possível. - Eu vou tomar cuidado. - ele garantiu, segurando o rosto dela entre as mãos, os polegares limpando as lágrimas embaixo dos olhos dela. - Tudo isso vai acabar logo, você vai ver. Vai ficar tudo bem. - Eu amo você. A confissão apressada e repentina a pegou de surpresa tanto quanto a ele, mas antes mesmo de ter tempo de pensar se seria cedo demais ele sorriu para ela daquele jeito especial que só ele tinha e respondeu: - Eu amo você também. - ele a abraçou novamente, aspirando o perfume dela, tentando memorizar seu cheiro, sua forma e seu calor. - Tudo vai dar certo. As coisas vão melhorar e quando menos esperar, eu estarei voltando para casa... Para você. – ele repetiu as palavras que já dissera a ela antes na colina, no lugar que apenas eles conheciam. Ela queria muito acreditar nele, e sabia que ele também queria acreditar nas próprias palavras. Mas no momento não havia certezas e tudo que ambos tinham era a esperança.[Chapter 5] \"Meu querido Ed Quando ler esta carta você já terá embarcado, e eu estarei em casa, tentando imaginar como você está. Não acredito que essa seja a primeira carta que estou escrevendo a você, e em uma situação tão pouco aprazível. Estou apreensiva por você, e é essa apreensão que me impede de dormir e me fez pegar papel e caneta para colocar tudo o que sinto nessas palavras. Mas nem elas serão suficientes. Será a primeira vez que nos separamos em quase um ano e acho que não sei mais passar minhas tardes sem você. Estou exagerando, não é? E se bem o conheço, deve estar sorrindo agora. Sentirei falta do seu sorriso. E das suas palavras, e sua atenção, mas terei paciência e aguardarei seu retorno. Mamãe também está preocupada, sabia? Ela pode não falar, mas gosta muito de você, e acho que você sabe disso. Ela parecia cansada quando me deu boa noite. O tipo de cansaço da alma, de quem perdeu a esperança... Acho que ela estava pensando em papai, no que aconteceria se ele ainda estivesse aqui. Será que o mandariam para a guerra também? Provavelmente não, mas sei que ela não pode evitar pensar. Serei paciente e aguardarei seu retorno, e sei que o sentimos não mudará. A distância não é nada para duas pessoas ligadas pelo coração. E essa experiência servirá para nos fortalecer, e nos transformar enquanto pessoas. Você é um bom homem, Ed. É corajoso e valente. E sei que será recompensado por tudo. Quanto a mim, deixarei aqui algo que pode dizer mais do que eu jamais poderia. 'O amor é sempre paciente e generoso, Nunca é invejoso. O amor nunca é prepotente nem orgulhoso; Não é rude nem egoísta; Não se ofende nem se recente do mal; Não se alegra do pecado alheio, mas se regozija com a verdade; Ele tudo perdoa, tudo crê, tudo espera e tudo tolera, seja o que vier.' Com todo o meu amor, Lorraine\" Ed já lera aquelas palavras duas vezes e elas ainda o faziam sorrir. Encontrara o envelope azul claro entre suas coisas quando foi se instalar. Sentado em sua cama no pequeno alojamento, ele sorria e segurava a carta com cuidado, como se pudesse sentir Lorraine através do papel. Nem mesmo notou o barulho de um colega de quarto se aproximando. - Olá. - o jovem se aproximou, ainda um pouco incerto. Os alojamentos não eram grandes, na verdade mais pareciam celas com um pouco mais de conforto. Havia duas camas, uma de frente para a outra com cerca de um metro e meio entre elas, uma escrivaninha ao lado da porta e dois armários de metal, um ao lado de cada cama. O jovem entrou e colocou sua mochila sobre a outra cama, dando uma olhada ao redor. - Oi. - respondeu Ed. - acho que seremos colegas de quarto. Sou Ed Warren. Ele sorriu e estendeu a mão para o rapaz que pareceu pego de surpresa pelo gesto. Após o breve choque inicial, o jovem apertou a mão de Ed, já parecendo um pouco mais relaxado. - Daniel Harrys. Já recebendo notícias de casa - ele apontou a carta na mão de Ed com a cabeça enquanto se virava para arrumar as coisas no armário. - Ah, isso é... - ele abaixou a cabeça, parecendo um pouco envergonhado - É da minha namorada. Ela escondeu na minha mochila quando estávamos no porto. - Então seu navio já tem um farol pra te guiar pra casa, marujo? - o tom de Daniel era leve e bem humorado e Ed riu ante o comentário. - Isso é bom, cara. Te deixa mais humano, te mantém honesto, te da um motivo pra enfrentar toda essa bagunça e voltar pra casa inteiro. Ed apenas concordou com a cabeça. - E então, qual o nome da sua garota? - Lorraine. Lorraine Rita Moran. Foi como ela se apresentou no dia que nos conhecemos, com o nome todo. – um sorriso brincou em seus lábios ao lembrar-se da cena. - Poderia parecer prepotente em outra garota, mas não com ela. Lorraine é diferente. Ela é boa. Essencialmente boa. E inteligente. E tem os olhos mais brilhantes e mais azuis que eu já conheci. - E você está totalmente apaixonado. - Daniel riu, sentando-se pesadamente na outra cama. - Isso é bom, cara. Eu... Tenho alguém esperando por mim em casa também. Duas, na verdade. - Ahh - É, sei o que está pensando, mas não é isso. - ele pegou a carteira no bolso e abriu, mostrando para Ed uma foto onde se via Daniel abraçado a uma bela mulher que trazia um bebê no colo. - Essas são as minhas garotas. A Sra. Harrys e o pequeno bebê Harrys. Elas são tudo para mim. - Tem uma bela família, Daniel. - Obrigado. Você é bonitão, vai ter uma família bonita também. Quer um conselho? Não espere. Nunca se sabe o que pode acontecer. A vida é uma só e passa depressa demais. Ed olhou para o homem à sua frente absorvendo as palavras que ele falava com uma certeza quase profética e seu significado. Daniel era um pouco mais velho que Ed e apesar do sorriso quase infantil e do olhar dócil, também mostrava as marcas de uma vida que não parecia ter sido fácil. Ed sentiu uma amizade quase instantânea com o jovem se formar. Seria bom ter um amigo em meio ao caos. Os caminhos dos dois se cruzaram no momento mais difícil e amizades surgidas assim costumam durar por muito tempo. Ele também fazia uma ideia de que não devia ser fácil para Daniel ser o único recruta negro entre quase 300 pessoas. Havia um capitão negro na tripulação, mas a hierarquia era clara e obviamente não seria a cor da pele que os juntaria. Apesar da cultura enraizada, no entanto, a maioria dos homens ali parecia tratá-lo bem. Depois da primeira semana, a rotina já estava estabelecida, assim como os deveres de cada um, fora o treinamento pesado. À noite, apesar do cansaço e do mau humor constante de outros recrutas e da tripulação, Ed se recolhia ao alojamento e lia a carta de Lorraine, pensando em como ela estaria, o que estaria fazendo e se estaria pensando nele. As vezes fazia anotações ou escrevia bilhetes e cartas para ela. Fora avisado que o barco-correio devia chegar uma vez por semana, mas ainda nem sinal. Talvez tivessem sorte nos próximos dias, foi o que Daniel disse, tendo ele mesmo uma carta para sua esposa, Jane. Talvez tivessem. \" Minha amada Lorraine, Sua carta foi uma surpresa. Como foi que conseguiu escondê-la? Foi quando saí para assinar os documentos de embarque, não é? Obrigado por escrevê-la, por me dar algo além das lembranças em que eu possa me agarrar e manter minha fé e sanidade. Não sei quando serei capaz de enviar-lhe essa carta, mas saiba que não há um só dia em que não pense em você; em nós. Estou te escrevendo da minha cama, do meio do oceano, olhando para um céu com estrelas lindas, e tudo o que eu queria era poder estar olhando para elas ao seu lado. Sei que você vai querer saber tudo, mas não há muito para contar, na verdade. Treinamos muito, e os comandantes pegam pesado, mas nada que não possamos aguentar. Acho que fiz um amigo. Seu nome é Daniel, é meu colega de quarto. Falei sobre você para ele. Ele disse que teríamos filhos lindos, e eu tenho que concordar. Seriam lindos, principalmente se fossem parecidos com a mãe. Acho que não poderei te escrever muito, não temos muito tempo livre por aqui, mas sempre tentarei te responder. A boa notícia é que eu descobri que sou realmente bom em descascar batatas. Quando voltar, eu mesmo farei um jantar para você. Sinto sua falta. Todos os dias. Diga a sua mãe que mandei lembranças. Já disse que sinto sua falta? Com amor, Ed\" Lorraine dobrou novamente a carta e enxugou uma lágrima errante da bochecha. Ela também sentia falta dele. E como sentia. Parecia que os dias passavam mais devagar, que não havia mais nada em que ela pudesse se concentrar. Conforme os dias foram passando, todas as conversas que se ouvia eram sobre a guerra e o medo passou a fazer parte constante da rotina das pessoas. A cada dia as notícias pioravam, apenas nomes de mais e mais mortos, e até mesmo cidades pequenas como Bridgeport passaram a ter policiamento constante. As aulas de Lorraine terminaram e a cerimônia de formatura foi simples e formal e, na carta seguinte, ela contou tudo a Ed, dizendo que queria que ele estivesse lá com ela. Conforme as semanas foram passando, e as notícias, apesar de escassas, continuavam chegando, Lorraine se acalmou e até pensou em se voluntariar como enfermeira. O padre da paróquia local, no entanto, lhe pediu para que ajudasse nos projetos da igreja para ajudar com as famílias que estavam passando dificuldades sem os pais para proverem o sustento. Foi quando ela conheceu Grace. Grace era uma garotinha que parecia sempre cansada quando Lorraine a visitava. A garotinha tinha 7 anos e se apegou instantaneamente à jovem que, apesar de gostar dela, sentia que havia algo errado com a criança. Uma tarde, quando um grupo da igreja fazia as costumeiras visitas na rua da casa de Grace, Lorraine deu um jeito de conversar sozinha com ela na área dos fundos. As duas saíram e a garotinha, agarrada a uma boneca, sentou-se num banco de madeira que já tinha visto dias melhores. Lorraine sentou-se ao lado dela com um sorriso gentil e a viu bocejar. - Não dormiu bem? - Não. É difícil dormir aqui. - Você fica preocupada com o seu pai? Sente falta dele? Grace apenas concordou com a cabeça, apertando a boneca contra si, os grandes olhos castanhos perdidos ao longe. Lorraine apenas a observou por um momento, pensando em como abordar o assunto. No momento em que abriu a boca, no entanto, a garotinha virou-se para ela com um olhar suplicante. - Quer saber um segredo? - Um segredo? Sobre o que é? - A mulher embaixo da minha cama. Ela não me deixa dormir. Lorraine olhou para ela com olhos levemente espantados e sentiu o estômago contrair-se. - E por que ela não deixa? - Eu não sei. Já pedi para ela parar, mas não adianta. Eu não gosto dela, acho que ela é má. – embora procurasse, Lorraine não via sinais de que fosse uma brincadeira. A voz de Grace era frágil, baixa, como se ela tivesse medo de ser ouvida. - Ela fala com você? Grace chacoalhou a cabeça em negativa, desviando olhar para o chão. - Ela puxa minha coberta e fica acendendo a luz. Eu não gosto quando ela faz isso, mas ela não para. E as vezes ela abre a porta do guarda roupa. Lorraine sentiu seu coração apertar pela menina. Não tinha como saber o que era, mas de alguma forma sabia que a menina não estava mentindo. Passou a mão pelos cabelos negros da menina, que se aproximou mais dela em busca de conforto. - Você contou pra alguém? A sua mãe? Já tentou dormir com ela? - Eu tentei, mas ela não acredita em mim. Disse que todas as crianças pensam que tem algo embaixo da cama, mas não tem, e com o tempo elas esquecem. E ela não me deixa dormir com ela, diz que eu já estou grande. Lorraine a analisou por um momento, pensando se podia fazer algo para ajudá-la. Lembrou das coisas que tinha lido com Ed, das pesquisas que fizeram, e resolveu que queria testar sua habilidade. - Você... Quer me levar pra ver essa mulher? A menina olhou para ela com uma expressão dividida entre a dúvida e a esperança, sem falar nada por um momento. Lorraine a aguardou, paciente, oferecendo-lhe um sorriso confortador. Grace levantou-se, passando a boneca para um braço e estendendo a mão pequena de dedinhos finos que Lorraine segurou, seguindo-a para o interior da casa. O quarto de Grace era pequeno e simples, mas bem arrumado. A cama de solteiro no meio do cômodo estava coberta com uma colcha branca com flores cor de rosa e aos pés da cama ficava o guarda roupas. O interruptor era bem ao lado da porta, então não havia possibilidade de a luz ter sido acesa por acidente. Assim que atravessou a porta, ela ficou em silêncio. Ainda segurando a mão da menina, aproximou-se do guarda roupas e, em seguida, da cama. Foi quando um arrepio subiu por seu braço e ela foi forçada a soltar a mão de Grace. Fechou os olhos, ainda não sabendo muito o que fazer, e tentou se concentrar no que sentia, na presença naquele quarto. Começou devagar, mas foi como se uma mistura de raiva, nostalgia, angústia, tristeza e saudades de algo que ela não sabia identificar o que era. - Grace... - ela chamou, ainda de olhos fechados - eu quero falar sozinha com a mulher, pode ser? Me espere lá embaixo. A menina saiu correndo pelo receio de ver a mulher de novo e deixou Lorraine sozinha. Ela se sentiu um pouco tonta, mas continuou. - Não sei o que aconteceu, mas você está assustando a menina.- ela começou, falando baixinho. - Não faz mais parte deste mundo, precisa partir. Você está com raiva, mas sinto que também está triste. Me diga quem você é, mostre-me o que aconteceu. Tentarei ajudar. Mas há um lugar melhor para você, onde não sentirá mais essas coisas ruins. Não se prenda a escuridão. Ela sentiu as emoções ao redor dela ficarem mais brandas. E a imagem de um garotinho, mais ou menos da mesma idade de Grace apareceu na mente dela. Havia alguma relação entre os dois. Foi como se ela soubesse da história que alguém lhe contara. O menino era filho dela. Alguma coisa ruim havia acontecido e ela o perdeu, mas a culpa não a liberou nem depois da morte. Lorraine continuou pedindo para que a mulher fosse embora, mesmo sentindo-se cansada, mas só depois de prometer rezar pela alma da mulher e da criança foi que as sensações diminuíram e ela se sentiu mais como ela mesma. Quando finalmente abriu os olhos, precisou sentar-se a beira da cama para recuperar-se. Estava ao mesmo tempo orgulhosa e exausta. Os arrepios pararam e ela acreditava que a mulher tinha ido embora. Após recuperar-se um pouco, ela desceu até a sala onde o padre falava com a mãe. - Lorraine, filha, você está pálida. Não se sente bem? - ele parecia preocupado, e ela pensou que devia estar em pior do que se sentia. - Não é nada, eu só ... Me senti um pouco tonta. Só isso. Mas está tudo bem agora. A ultima parte ela falou olhando nos olhos da garotinha que estava a um canto, atrás da mãe. Grace foi até ela e lhe deu um abraço. O Padre e a mãe da menina não acharam estranho, pois ela tinha se apegado muito à jovem, mas as duas sabiam o motivo, e isso bastava. Depois de algumas horas Lorraine já se sentia melhor, e embora não tenha mencionado nada a ninguém, quando chegou em casa ela sabia que tinha que contar a Ed. O trabalho como voluntária era recompensador e a ajudava a se distrair. Não que ela esquecesse Ed, mas ser útil, ter algo com que ocupar a cabeça, não se afogar na tristeza dia após dia, tudo isso fazia bem a ela. Ocasionalmente ela ainda ia à colina, mas depois de um tempo e de tanto policiamento ficou difícil e arriscado. E assim as semanas continuaram passando. Já fazia quatro meses que Ed estava no mar e Lorraine já tinha uma pequena pilha de cartas dele. Ficava feliz por ele estar se habituando bem, e apesar do perigo constante, a unidade em que ele estava só sofrera um ataque e todos saíram ilesos. Também estava contente por ele ter feito um amigo. \"Estou preocupada, Ed. Acho que você vai me trocar por Daniel, e não há nada que eu possa fazer para evitar\" ela lhe escreveu certa vez. Começava a se perguntar se esse era o efeito do tempo que todos tanto falavam. Aquela noite, no entanto, seu sono foi perturbado por sensações estranhas, por um vazio permeado de escuridão e solidão. Ela acordou sentindo um peso no peito, com uma sensação de que algo ruim ia acontecer, e seus pensamentos imediatamente foram direcionados a Ed. Ela arfava, como se a angústia lhe tirasse o ar. Foi até a janela, precisando desesperadamente verificar como estavam as coisas do lado de fora, precisando do ar noturno para, talvez, aplacar a angústia e o medo que sentia. Tudo estava escuro lá fora, ainda era madrugada, e embora os únicos ruídos fossem os dos animais noturnos e o ocasional farfalhar das folhas nas árvores, era como se o silêncio gritasse que algo estava errado. Nem que tentasse ela conseguiria voltar a dormir, então deixou a janela aberta e, acomodando-se em sua cama, começou a rezar com toda sua fé e todo seu amor. Pedia que Ed estivesse bem, que deus o protegesse, que tudo isso acabasse logo para que todos os que estavam longe voltassem para casa. Assim que amanheceu, ela arrumou seu quarto, vestiu-se, e antes mesmo que sua mãe acordasse, saiu de casa, apressada. A manhã estava fresca mas ela não levava um casaco. Andava depressa, com um propósito. Nunca havia ido lá, mas sabia onde era. E quando os primeiros raios alaranjados cortaram o azul cinzento da manhã, ela bateu à porta da casa dos Warren. Insistiu pois precisava falar com alguém, tinha que saber se os pais de Ed tinham alguma notícia. Depois de alguns minutos batendo, ela ouviu movimento do lado de dentro e a mãe de Ed abriu a porta. Lorraine se lembrava dela, mas nessa manhã ela parecia menor, mais frágil. Enrolada em um robe pêssego, os cabelos escuros levemente desalinhados, ela parecia questionar Lorraine com o olhar. - Bom dia, senhora Warren. Desculpe vir tão cedo, é que... – ela hesitou. Não podia simplesmente falar para a mulher que teve uma \"sensação ruim\" e estava preocupada com Ed. O que diria, que teve um sonho? Uma premonição? A mulher já parecia não ter se impressionado com ela, imagina o que faria se ela falasse algo assim? No mínimo a chamaria de louca. - Eu... Será que eu podia falar com a senhora por um momento? - Mocinha, o dia mal acabou de começar. Não está um pouco cedo para estar na rua? – a voz da mulher não era inteiramente reprovadora, mas também não dava mostras de que ela estivesse feliz por ter sido tirada da cama tão cedo. - É importante. Eu só... gostaria de saber se teve alguma notícia recente do Ed. Ela tentava controlar o nervosismo, mas estava falhando miseravelmente. Talvez por isso a mulher a tenha convidado para entrar e levado-a para a cozinha. - Vou fazer um chá. Você gostaria de um copo d'água antes? Parece bem nervosa. – ela encheu a chaleira e a colocou sobre o fogão, indo sentar-se de frente para a jovem em seguida. - Não, obrigada. Me desculpe vir tão cedo, e ainda sem avisar... - Você já se desculpou. Diga logo a que veio. Aconteceu alguma coisa? Achei que Ed estivesse mandando cartas para você também. Ele me disse que... - Sim, ele manda. Quando pode, de qualquer forma. Mas já tem mais de uma semana desde a última carta e, bom... como a senhora é mãe dele, achei que talvez lhe mandassem algum comunicado. - Não, não recebemos nada. Acho que é a mesma situação para todos os que esperam. Ninguém tem privilégios. Mas por que a repentina preocupação? Lorraine suspirou e olhou fundo nos olhos da mulher a sua frente. Não queria mentir para ela, mas também não podia contar a verdade. - Bom, deve ser coisa da minha cabeça, mas... – ela abaixou a cabeça, olhando para as próprias mãos em seu colo - eu estou com uma sensação estranha. Tenho pensado muito nele e... só queria saber que está tudo bem. A mulher não respondeu nada por alguns segundos e Lorraine levantou os olhos para ela vendo, talvez pela primeira vez, um sorriso gentil e verdadeiro no rosto da mulher. Parecia o sorriso de Ed. - Gosta mesmo do meu filho, não é? As bochechas de Lorraine ficaram quentes e vermelhas e ela tentou disfarçar o sorriso. - Eu o amo, senhora. - Deus! Por favor, me chame de Laura. Não estou tão velha assim. – a mulher disse com um floreio. – Sabe, quando Ed anunciou, naquele jeito distante e despreocupado, que estava namorando, nem eu nem Robert levamos a sério. Achamos que fosse uma aventura, um namorico de portão que duraria umas poucas semanas. Garotos nessa idade não costumam levar as coisas à sério, e... - Ed não é assim, senh... Laura. Desculpe, mas acho que a senhora não conhece realmente seu filho. A senhora Warren recostou-se na cadeira como se tivesse levado um tapa. Antes que ela abrisse a boca para responder, no entanto, Lorraine continuou falando. - Ele não passa muito tempo em casa, não é? Sei disso. Ele ama vocês, isso eu posso garantir. Mas... não sei, talvez falte alguma coisa, algo que se perdeu enquanto ele crescia. Ed tem bom coração, ele é gentil comigo como poucas pessoas já foram, e ele e minha mãe se dão muito bem. Ele sempre cumpre as promessas que faz e tenta ao máximo não desapontar ninguém. Também é muito inteligente e responsável, mas talvez isso vocês já saibam. Você tem um filho maravilhoso, senhora Warren. Tente conhecê-lo um pouco melhor. Eu tenho certeza que ele gostaria disso. A voz dela não era presunçosa ou arrogante, mas meiga e tranqüila. Após ouvir com cuidado, Laura apenas suspirou profundamente e afundou ainda mais em seu acento. A água na chaleira começara a ferver, mas nenhuma das duas fez menção de desligar o fogo ou tirar a chaleira de lá. - Você mudou mesmo o meu filho, Lorraine. – foi o que ela disse, por fim. - Não. – ela chacoalhou a cabeça com um sorriso sonhador ao lembrar de todas as coisas que fizeram. – Acho que foi ele quem me mudou. Um olhar cúmplice foi trocado entre as duas e Lorraine sentiu toda a tensão desaparecer. Mas antes que pudessem aproveitar o novo laço que surgia entre elas, foram interrompidas por uma batida forte na porta. - O que está havendo, hoje? Todo mundo resolveu madrugar? Pelo amor de Deus! - Laura comentou, levantando-se e indo até a porta, sendo seguida por Lorraine que, apesar da conversa amena, continuava preocupada. Quando se aproximou, tudo o que ela viu foram dois oficiais se afastando. Laura Warren tinha algo nas mãos. Parecia uma carta. A moça sentiu o sangue gelar em suas veias. Não! Não! Não! Não podiam ser notícias ruins. Se tivesse acontecido algo grave eles teriam dito, não apenas entregado um papel a uma mulher sozinha. Certo? Enquanto tentava se convencer de que era alguma outra coisa, Laura, ainda sem fechar a porta, abriu o envelope que tinha nas mãos. Lorraine viu sua postura ficar tensa e sentiu novamente uma onda de pavor dominá-la, que ficou ainda pior quando, após correr os olhos pela página, a mulher ficou pálida, com uma expressão de puro choque. - Oh meu deus... Ok, eu não revisei esse capítulo direito, provavelmente deve ter passado algum erro. Me desculpem. Se quiserem me ajudar a corrigir, fiquem à vontade :)[Chapter 6] Existe sempre um momento de calma que precede uma tragédia. O silêncio quase ensurdecedor antes que o caos irrompa como um pandemônio desenfreado. Foi assim que começou. A noite estava tranquila, os soldados cansados pela exaustão do dia falavam pouco e, quando bateu o toque de recolher, a maioria deles já estava em suas cabines. Como já era de costume, Ed conversava com Daniel. Descobriu ter mais em comum com o rapaz do que pensava, e se aproveitava da diferença de idade e da experiência do mais velho para pegar conselhos sobre a vida. - E aí, marujo? Quantas milhas tem a carta que escreveu hoje para sua garota? - ele perguntou, zombando do tamanho das cartas que Ed escrevia. Parecia demais escrever cartas muito longas, mas para quem se via todos os dias, a conversa nunca acabava e uma semana era tempo demais. - Muito engraçado, Daniel. Pelo menos Lorraine recebe mais do que bilhetes. - Jane não tem do que reclamar, ela já me conheceu assim! Mandei todas as cartas que precisava durante nosso namoro - ele riu. Ed o acompanhou no riso mas baixou a cabeça e sua expressão se tornou mais seria de repente. - Daniel... Como soube que era a hora certa de... De pedir Jane em casamento? Ele tornou a olhar para o amigo com expectativa e confiança. A diferença de idade entre eles era de seis anos. Daniel já passara por tudo aquilo, já vivera mais coisas do que Ed e, como o rapaz sempre foi adepto de aprender com as experiências dos outros, ele era uma enciclopédia da vida. Além de sincero e bem humorado. - Não soube. - ele respondeu, olhando para o armário do seu lado do quarto. Ed sabia que ele tinha uma foto da esposa lá, uma que ela lhe mandou por carta, assim como ele também tinha uma foto de Lorraine no seu. - Eu estava morrendo de medo, não tinha certeza de nada. Só de uma coisa: eu sabia que não conseguiria mais ficar longe dela. Eu queria ver o sorriso dela ao acordar de manhã, e abraçá-la à noite antes de dormir. E sentia que, não importa qual fosse o problema, eu me sentiria melhor para resolver com ela do meu lado. E um dia, eu simplesmente disse que talvez ela pudesse se tornar a senhora Harrys. E ela me passou um sermão porque eu devia ter feito a coisa direito, comprado um anel e pedido ao pai dela. - Ele riu com a memória, a nostalgia estampada no rosto. - Acho que... Estou pensando em pedir a mão de Lorraine quando tudo isso acabar. A confissão de Ed fez o amigo rir contente e jogar um travesseiro nele. - É isso aí, marujo! E eu espero ser convidado! - Mas... - Tem um mas? - É que... Ao mesmo tempo tenho um pouco de medo. Sabe, é tudo tão novo, tão... Eu não sei. E se eu não for tudo o que ela espera? E se for um marido ruim? E se ela se arrepender? Daniel chacoalhou a cabeça em descrença, sorrindo enquanto aprumava-se na beirada da cama. - Se tivesse dúvidas de que ela é a pessoa certa, eu diria \"espere\". Mas isso? Irmão, eu ainda me pergunto isso todos os dias. O medo do novo é bom. É um sinal de que está vivendo, de que está evoluindo. Viver é assustador. Mas também é maravilhoso. Ed dormiu aquela noite com Lorraine em seu pensamento, um sorriso nos lábios e, em seu coração, a certeza de que estava no caminho certo. Gostava de ouvir os conselhos de Daniel sobre a vida, sobre o casamento, e algo nele inspirava confiança. Aquele rapaz, já adulto, mas com um sorriso tão franco e gentil quanto o de uma criança, com sua sempre presente positividade e a luta para dar o seu melhor mesmo através de tempos, aquele rapaz mostrara a Ed que a amizade pode romper as barreiras do preconceito e que, quando você está disposto a tentar, mesmo um navio no meio do nada pode ser uma grande experiência de vida. Tudo depende das lições que se aprende. Ed dormiu pensando que, quando a guerra acabasse, ele pediria Lorraine em casamento. Quando a guerra acabasse, eles procurariam uma casa aconchegante e colocariam dentro dela suas esperanças, desejos e amor. Quando a guerra acabasse, ele pediria a Daniel para ser seu padrinho. Quando a guerra acabasse e toda a luta chegasse ao fim, eles fariam churrascos e piqueniques aos domingos, e seus filhos brincariam com os filhos de Daniel, e eles poderiam relembrar esse período não pelos dias tenebrosos que certamente estavam por vir, mas apenas pelas lições que aprenderam, pela quantidade enorme de sacos de batatas que descascaram, e pelos amigos que fizeram. E, acima de tudo, Ed foi dormir aquela noite sem jamais pensar, nem por um segundo, que talvez tudo aquilo pudesse nunca acontecer. Começou no romper da madrugada, embora quem tivesse essa informação já não a pudesse repassar. Na noite escura, alguns raios cortavam o céu ao longe e nenhuma estrela agraciava com seu brilho e esplendor o negro tapete que se estendia ao longe. Todavia, a chuva caiu mansa, devagar, despretensiosa. Um convite a embalar a noite na cadência do oceano. Por isso os dois vigias se sobressaltaram e se exaltaram ao ouvirem o estrondo. Tanto que o primeiro galeio da fragata passou despercebido por eles, tido apenas como o titubear das próprias pernas ante o susto. Quando a segunda bala atingiu o casco da embarcação, foi com exatidão, deixando fagulhas e estilhaços em seu caminho, ascendendo a preocupação dos vigias e acordando alguns dos marinheiros nos dormitórios mais próximos. Em pouco tempo os alarmes soaram, mesclando-se ao estampido de tiros. Ed acordou com o som da sirene de emergência, levantando-se e constatando que Daniel já estava de pé junto à porta. - Treinamento? Daniel lhe devolveu um olhar confuso, assustado, e continuou com o ouvido colado à porta. Não era incomum terem simulações de ataque, mas todas as anteriores foram avisadas. - Não sei. Mas as coisas estão agitadas lá fora. É melhor ficar preparado. Daniel acenou para os armários e Ed assentiu. Rapidamente colocaram as calças grossas do uniforme e as botas. - O navio está balançando. - É, não acredito que tenham simulado isso. - Daniel comentou pouco antes de outro estrondo irromper e ouvirem-se sons de vidro quebrado e gritos do lado de fora. Eles saíram pela porta juntando-se a alguns outros recrutas que se dirigiam apressados para o convés. A água já começava a se espalhar pelo corredor, muito baixa, porém presente. - Estamos sendo atacados! - alguém gritou lá de cima. Eles continuaram seguindo a fila de recrutas até o convés, tentando não escorregar e cair, e não ser atingidos. Alguém conseguiu mirar os holofotes na embarcação que estava atacando. Era uma fragata de casco escuro, fácil de se camuflar no escuro, principalmente no mau tempo. Homens corriam para todos os lados, gritando ordens, tentando desviar das balas, recarregar armas, proteger o navio, cuidar dos feridos. Ed e Daniel acabaram se separando, e, enquanto Ed ajudava a recarregar as balas dos canhões do convés, Daniel se ocupou em subir à cabine e procurar pelos sinalizadores de emergência. O imediato estava na cabine, caído, provavelmente ao tentar ele mesmo enviar um pedido de socorro. Observando o painel, ele viu a pequena tela negra brilhando em verde e um rádio. Depois Recolheu depressa os sinalizadores e, sabendo que tinha pouco tempo, saiu da cabine para o posto de observação onde lançou dois dos sinalizadores em sequencia. Sabia que não fazia sentido, mas ele queria que a ajuda chegasse rápido, esperava contra a própria esperança, que conseguissem fugir, escapar com nada mais que alguns feridos e danos ao navio. Esperando que o destino que os aguardava não fosse tão obscuro quanto a noite que eles agora enfrentavam. A chuva piorava a cada minuto, fustigando o rosto de Ed, entrando em seus olhos e atrapalhando-o a recarregar e mirar os canhões. Gritos, disparos, estrondos, trovões, o barulho da batalha se anunciava juntamente ao cheiro de pólvora, água salgada, metal queimado e sangue. Seu próprio sangue, Ed notou, ao perceber a trilha escura que descia por seu braço. Não havia tempo para checar a origem, não agora. E também não importava pois, no instante seguinte, uma bala irrompeu o casco logo abaixo dele, empurrando madeira, ferro e chumbo em sua direção, arrastando-o juntamente com o canhão para a parede oposta, contra a qual sua cabeça chocou-se violentamente. Uma dor lancinante irrompeu por seu corpo, começando na base do crânio e espalhando-se pelas costas, ombros e peito. Por um segundo sua visão ficou turva e ele temeu cair na inconsciência mas uma pontada em seu lado o despertou de novo. Ele levou a mão ao local sentindo o líquido quente e viscoso ao toque de seus dedos e uma ponta ainda quente do que parecia ser metal. Ele puxou sem pensar muito, removendo o estilhaço que se instalara pouco abaixo de suas costelas. O sangue jorrou livremente e ele teve certeza de que acabara de fazer algo muito estúpido. Enquanto tentava não desmaiar pela dor, ele ouviu um gemido abafado de dor e, ao olhar ao redor, avistou Daniel caído atrás de uma pilha de destroços alguns metros adiante. Com os últimos esforços de seu corpo, Ed se arrastou até Daniel. Seu amigo havia sido acertado no peito e jazia sob uma poça do próprio sangue... Talvez mesclado ao sangue se seus companheiros. Ed notou que a perna direita dele estava em um ângulo nada natural, com uma ponta de osso que escapava pela pele da panturrilha, o bastante para perfurar o tecido da calça. - Daniel... Tudo bem? Era uma pergunta tola, e ele sabia. Daniel demorou para responder, a respiração rasa, acompanhada de uma tosse quando ele puxava o fôlego com mais força. Ed tentou ignorar a informação de \"pulmão perfurado\" que brilhava em sua mente. - Já... Já estive melhor. - Daniel respondeu com dificuldade. - Precisamos tirar você daqui. Daniel chacoalhou a cabeça em negativa. - Não da, irmão. Eu... Não vou longe. Tem que ... Que se salvar... Pela sua garota. - E você pela sua filha. Vamos sair os dois daqui, Daniel. Ed sabia que só a esperança o fazia dizer aquilo. Ele precisava de tratamento médico imediato, e a única coisa que se via ao redor deles eram os rastros indescritíveis da batalha que ainda acontecia, embora com muitas baixas para os dois lados. Eles estavam cercados por uma barricada de sacos de areia cobertos por estilhaços e destruição, a água já chegava a seus pés. No ar, o cheiro de pólvora, metal e morte. Ele não teria forças para sair de lá, muito menos com Daniel. Além disso, com o navio afundando a única opção seria arriscar-se em mãe aberto, e só deus sabe quando tempo ele agüentaria antes de sucumbir, ou ser atingido por algum inimigo. Sua mente girava com mais pensamentos do que ele era capaz de conter, e nenhuma resposta saia de tudo aquilo. - Ed... Diga... Diga à Jane que eu a amo. Por favor. Diga... Que eu sempre vou amá-la... E à nossa filha. - Não, não, Daniel... Agüenta... Você precisa aguentar firme. Não teve tempo de manter o amigo acordado, no entanto, porque no instante seguinte outra granada explodiu perto deles, e ele se sentiu escorregar para os braços doces e aconchegantes da inconsciência. Lorraine podia adivinhar que algo estava errado não só pelo olhar de Laura Warren, mas por seus sonhos com Ed. Alguma coisa estava muito, muito errada. A notícia de que a fragata USS Maddison-22 havia sido abatida em combate atingiu Lorraine como um soco no estômago. Mais desesperador que isso, porém, era a falta de maiores informações. Não falava sobre vítimas ou a situação dos sobreviventes. Tudo que havia na mensagem era um pedido para que familiares fossem até a unidade hospitalar de atendimento pós guerra para reconhecer ou identificar as vítimas ou corpos. Simples assim. Ela se ofereceu para ir prontamente. Como poderia deixar de ir? Como poderia ficar em casa sabendo que algo assim havia ocorrido? Casa... Com tudo aquilo ela se esqueceu completamente. precisava avisar a mãe, ela ficaria preocupada. E desde então o tempo era um borrão. Ela só foi capaz de relaxar um pouco ao chegar ao hospital e constatar que o nome de Ed estava na lista de sobreviventes. Muitas outras famílias, no entanto, não tiveram a mesma sorte. Ela passou por inúmeras mulheres chorando, algumas com crianças ainda pequenas, outras sendo amparadas por amigos ou parentes, outras ainda sozinhas. Lorraine se sentiu mal por essas pessoas, por seu sofrimento, e pela forma quase hostil com que eram tratadas. \"Lamentamos informar, mas seu marido não sobreviveu.\" Frio. Distante. Impessoal. Sem o mínimo de compaixão. Acompanhada dos pais de Ed, ela estava esperando do lado de fora junto com os outros familiares de vítimas pelo momento em que a ala seria liberada para visitas. Os Warren foram chamados novamente, ela não tinha muita certeza de com qual finalidade, mas se limitou a mandar seu posto, esperando obedientemente, o coração mais apertado a cada minuto, temendo pela vida de seu amado. Ela aproveitou que estava sozinha para fazer uma prece. Fechou os olhos e entregou seus pensamentos e esperanças a deus. Quando tornou a abri-los, as portas também foram abertas. Quando Ed finalmente acordou foi com um trinado doce que ele reconheceria em qualquer lugar. Era a risada de Lorraine. Não se lembrou de imediato o que havia acontecido, ou porquê seu corpo todo doía e a cabeça parecia pesar-lhe uma tonelada. Ao abrir os olhos ele notou seus arredores. Não estava em seu dormitório, mas em uma espécie de galpão com várias camas, uma ao lado da outra, dispostas em quatro fileiras. e então a lembrança o inundou com imagens do ataque. Pânico e confusão correram por seu sangue, aquela ferroada característica da adrenalina sendo injetada em seu organismo. Correndo os olhos pelo local, ele avistou uma massa de cabelos castanhos algumas camas adiante. Se Lorraine estava ali, é porque foram resgatados, o auxílio chegou e eles estavam a salvo. Ele chamou por ela, mas a voz saiu fraca e alquebrada pelo desuso. Mesmo assim, a dona dos fios castanhos o ouviu e virou-se em sua direção imediatamente, recepcionando-o com seu sorriso característico. Ela se desculpou com o senhor com quem estava conversando e aproximou-se de Ed. O olhar aflito e, ao mesmo tempo, carregado de amor e afeto. Aproximou-se devagar da cama, cautelosa. - Lamento ter interrompido seu momento com o cavalheiro. Vocês pareciam estar se dando tão bem, estou com medo de ter saído da jogada - ele brincou. - Oh, claro. Porque eu desenvolvi uma atração irresistível por senhores com idade o suficiente para serem meus avós durante a sua ausência, e o Tenente Haskell ali se encaixa perfeitamente no perfil. Ela usou um tom terno e bem humorado, feliz por ele estar ali, mas tentando se manter sob controle. Inclinou-se e lhe deu um beijo suave, tentando evitar o corte em seu lábio superior para não lhe causar dor. Ao se afastar e sentar-se à beira da cama, a moça fez uma careta, para diversão de Ed. - Tão ruim assim? - Você tem gosto de remédios. - ela disse, e ele assentiu. - E anti-séptico... E... - Já entendi. - ele a interrompeu, rindo - Não estou no meu melhor dia. Você, por outro lado, continua tão doce como sempre. Lorraine não conseguiu evitar o sorriso que se estampou em seu rosto, ou o rubor em suas bochechas. Ela riu baixinho, acomodando-se melhor no espaço vago na cama e sua mão deslizou pela dele com facilidade. - Como está se sentindo? - Como se tivesse sido atropelado por um caminhão. - Ah, Ed. Não imagina como eu fiquei preocupada. - ela aumentou o aperto na mão dele, observou os arranhões, esperando que não ficassem cicatrizes- Eu achei... Achei... Que fosse perder você. - Eu também achei. Mas estamos aqui, não é? Tudo deu certo no final. - ele sorriu, tentando tranquiliza-la. Lorraine lhe devolveu um sorriso tímido, passando a mão livre pelo rosto dele, afastando de sua testa os cabelos desalinhados e amassados, com cuidado para não arranhar os machucados em sua face. - Você tem notícias dos outros soldados? - Ahn... Não. Não nos passaram muitas informações sobre outras pessoas. Ela parecia nervosa, evitou o olhar dele e olhou em volta como que esperando por algo ou alguém. Ed pensou que essa atitude se devia ao local, se ela ficara nervosa por conta do ambiente, se tinha algo a ver com seus dons. Jamais desconfiou de outra coisa. - Os seus pais estarão aqui em breve. - ela anunciou numa voz uma oitava mais alta, que soou estridente e falsa até para seus próprios ouvidos. Ele sabia que tinha algo errado. Lorraine estava preocupada com alguma coisa que não queria contar a ele. - Você teve notícias do Daniel? Viu se a mulher veio vê-lo? - Ed... - ela pareceu querer dizer alguma coisa, mas desistiu no último minuto, chacoalhando a cabeça em negativa. - Não. Desculpe. Mas eu não os conheço, também, então... - Ele estava muito mal, precisava de atendimento urgente. Estou preocupado com ele, Lorraine. Será que pode procurá-lo e me trazer notícias? Ed a olhou com expectativa e esperança no olhar, e isso partiu o coração de Lorraine. Ela queria que os pais dele chegassem logo, que deixassem para trás a maldita papelada e ficassem junto do filho, pois mesmo que eles não fizessem ideia da amizade do filho com Daniel, ele precisaria de conforto, precisaria ter por perto pessoas que o amavam. E ela não podia ser a responsável por fazer isso sozinha. - Lorraine? - ele insistiu, vendo-a ficar calada e sem reação. - Ed, eu acho que não posso fazer isso. - Por quê? É só uma informação. - Porque haviam duas listas. Uma com o nome dos sobreviventes, e a outra... - O Daniel estava na lista de sobreviventes, não estava? Fomos resgatados, ele está bem, não está? Ela respirou fundo antes de negar com a cabeça. - Eu sinto muito. Sinto muito mesmo. Foi tarde demais para ele. Daniel não resistiu. Só houve sete sobreviventes da sua fragata, contando com você. Ela segurou a mão dele entre as suas, acariciando a pele ferida, quente, com as marcas da batalha recente. Ed ficou em silêncio, acomodou-se nos travesseiros e deixou o olhar vagar fixando-se num ponto aleatório no teto. Lorraine sabia que ele estava triste, que havia se afeiçoado ao rapaz, que estava pensando em tudo que aconteceu há apenas poucas horas. Era demais para assimilar até para ela, e ela não fazia ideia do que eles passaram durante o combate. Ele continuava em silêncio, mas Lorraine viu uma lágrima errante escapar-lhe pelo canto do olho e se perder entre os cabelos fartos e escuros. Se antes ela queria que os Warren chegassem logo para que não contasse a ele sobre Daniel sozinha, agora tudo que queria era que não viessem mais. Que dessem a ele o tempo de que precisava. Sentindo-se exausta de repente, a jovem curvou-se ao lado de Ed e ele chegou-se mais para a beirada para lhe dar espaço e a recebeu em seu abraço, um gemido deixando seus lábios pela dor causada ante o esforço. Ela ficou próxima, embora mantendo a maior parte de seu peso longe dele, e deixou sua palma vagar pelo peito forte de seu namorado, com músculos que não estavam ali antes. Seus movimentos eram calmos, para relaxar e confortar, enquanto ela sussurrava doces palavras sem sentido, com o único propósito de garantir-lhe que tudo ficaria bem. Quando os pais de Ed finalmente chegassem, encontrariam os dois jovens dormindo juntos. Veriam que estavam de mãos dadas apesar da posição desconfortável. Veriam que, antes de pegar no sono, seu filho tinha pousado um beijo no topo da cabeça da jovem, pois seus lábios ainda pairavam muito próximos da testa dela. Incapazes de acordá-los, falariam sobre oportunidades, sobre o que não dariam para serem jovens de novo e ter o mundo na palma da mão. Concluiriam, por fim, que nenhuma outra garota teria saído de casa no meio da madrugada para conversar com a mãe do namorado e confessar seu medo, sua preocupação, e apenas isso. E então, sentar-se-iam nas cadeiras ao lado da cama e esperariam que eles acordassem. Tinham seu filho de volta, ferido mas inteiro, e isso era mais do que muitas famílias tiveram a sorte de conseguir. No momento isso bastava. Haveria tempo para o resto quando acordassem. A vida tem um jeito engraçado de fazer as coisas acontecerem. E às vezes parece que testa os indivíduos apenas para ver quão longe vai o orgulho, a teimosia. No período em que Ed ficou afastado se recuperando, Lorraine ia a casa dele todos os dias. Ajudava a mãe dele com as bandagens, lhe fazia companhia enquanto comia, ouvia as histórias dele e lhe contava as suas. Falou sobre o serviço com as famílias necessitadas da paróquia. Lia para ele. Por vezes conversava com Laura e, em outras oportunidades, chegou a ficar para o jantar. Os Warren se mostraram uma família diferente da dela, porém mudaram alguns hábitos. O Sr. Warren trocou algumas palavras com Lorraine e, depois disso, pareceu encará-lo com mais seriedade, sem a reprovação de um pai que só vê no filho um garoto teimoso. \"Qual mágica você usou para deixá-los assim?\" Ed lhe perguntou certa vez, quando seu pai lhe entregou um livro de poesias de Whitman, e ela simplesmente lhe sorriu como se fosse a coisa mais óbvia do mundo e respondeu: \"A mágica do amor.\" Ao fim de três semanas, uma cerimônia foi oferecida em homenagem aos mortos e feridos no USS Maddison-22 e Ed recebeu uma medalha por bravura. Com Lorraine prostrada a seu lado, procurou por uma moça com uma criança pequena, sem sucesso. Quando o nome de Daniel foi chamado, ele se levantou para receber a medalha juntamente com as placas de identificação do amigo depositadas sobre uma bandeira dobrada em formato triangular. Uma medalha e uma bandeira. Era só isso o que tinham a oferecer às famílias daqueles que tinham dado a vida por uma luta que não era deles. Uma recompensa inútil para aqueles que pagaram um preço alto demais. Após o fim da cerimônia, Lorraine sentiu em Ed uma expressão sombria, quase de culpa, enquanto ele carregava os objetos dedicados ao amigo morto. Antes que chegassem onde estavam os pais dele e a mãe dela, Lorraine o puxou pelo braço fazendo-o reduzir o passo. - Ed... O que vai fazer com essas coisas? - Entregar à mulher dele. - Direto. Quase brusco. - Quer companhia? - ela ofereceu, num tom de voz gentil, parando e esperando que ele parasse também. E conseguiu, pois ele deu mais alguns passos e, notando que ela ficara para trás, virou-se para ela. - O quê? - Posso ir com você. Está com raiva, inconformado. Talvez precise falar com a mulher de seu amigo. - ela deu um passo a frente, aproximando-se dele. - Talvez ela também precise falar com alguém que o conheceu. Podemos ir essa tarde, você tem o endereço? Ele assentiu, lembrando que estava com as placas de Daniel. Elas tinham o endereço. - Ótimo. Vem - ela estendeu a mão coberta por uma luva de renda branca - vamos falar aos seus pais e à minha mãe que temos um compromisso. Ele olhou para a jovem à sua frente, a mão estendida para ele. Os lábios rosados curvados num sorriso acolhedor. Os olhos azuis e gentis dizendo-lhe que estaria ali por ele, para o que quer que ele precise. Ed segurou a mão dela, pousando um beijo suave, sentindo a pele quente e macia sob a renda. Ele não podia descontar nela as frustrações causadas pela guerra. Não se permitiria se fechar para ela como tantos homens fazem. Lorraine não merecia isso. Ele seria diferente, e aceitaria a ajuda que ela agora oferecia. Depois de falarem com os pais, pegaram o bonde até a casa de Daniel. Não era perto, mas ficava numa vizinhança agradável e simples. A casa em si era pequena, mas aconchegante, com flores num jardim modesto e uma cerca branca ao redor. Eles passaram juntos pelo portão e pararam à porta onde Lorraine bateu após perguntar-lhe se estava pronto. Alguns momentos de silêncio se seguiram e então a porta se abriu, atendida por uma mulher de cerca de 25 anos. Bonita, a pele escura da cor do cacau, olhos grandes e bonitos. Estava visivelmente abatida, mas era claro que se tratava de uma mulher bonita. - Posso ajudar? - Você é Jane Harrys? - Ed perguntou, meramente por educação, ele a reconhecia da foto de Daniel. A moça concordou com a cabeça. - Eu sou Ed Warren. Essa é Lorraine, minha namorada. Eu... Era amigo de Daniel. - Oh... - ela fez uma pausa como se estivesse considerando a ideia. - Bem, entrem. Ela abriu espaço para que passassem e, após fechar a porta, os conduziu para a sala de estar, onde encontraram uma garotinha de aproximadamente um ano sentada sobre grossos tapetes e cercada por brinquedos coloridos. Sentindo o coração se apertar, Ed sentou-se com Lorraine no sofá enquanto a moça foi acomodar-se numa poltrona de frente para eles. Assim que se acomodaram o silêncio se instalou e Ed estava nervoso, pensando em como começar a conversa. Como que sentindo a deixa, Lorraine começou por um assunto seguro e trivial o bastante. - Sua filha é linda, Sra. Harrys. Talvez sentindo que era o assunto da conversa, a pequena olhou para a mãe com um sorriso banguela e estendeu a mão de pequenos e perfeitos dedos rechonchudos. - Obrigada. Lucy é a coisa mais importante da minha vida, e de Daniel também. - Eu lamento muito pelo que houve. Daniel e eu... Nos tornamos amigos. A voz de Ed estava embargada, grave, com uma seriedade que não lhe era comum. - Ele me falou sobre você. Disse que você era um bom rapaz, que se davam bem. - Ele me falou sobre você, também. Sobre vocês duas. Ele tinha muito orgulho da família. Lorraine apenas os observava. Tudo aquilo era surreal, e ela sentiu que não fazia parte da conversa. Não naquele momento. - Você não foi à cerimônia - ele começou devagar, como se pensasse em cada palavra - então eu tomei a liberdade de aceitar a medalha dele. Trouxe para você. Lorraine entregou para ele a bandeira dobrada que segurava, com a pequena medalha acima dela. Ed a pegou, colocou a mão no bolso retirando as placas de identificação do amigo, que colocou junto com a medalha, e a estendeu de forma solene para Jane. A mulher parecia estar se controlando para não chorar enquanto pegava os objetos. Os analisou um a um, passando a mão por eles delicadamente. - Eu não quis ir à cerimônia. Agradeço o gesto, Sr. Warren, e não leve para o lado pessoal, mas eu não quero medalha nenhuma. Eu só queria meu Daniel comigo. - Eu sei. – ele assentiu, a voz pouco mais que um sussurro. - Lamentamos muito, Sra. Harrys. – Lorraine se juntou à conversa, tentando não tornar mais difícil o momento. – Nem posso imaginar o que está sentindo agora. Mas quero que saiba que estaremos aqui para qualquer coisa que precise. Eu não tive a chance de conhecê-lo, mas pelo que Ed me contou ele parecia ser um bom homem. Jane baixou a cabeça e, apesar do silêncio, Lorraine viu as lágrimas caírem por suas bochechas. - Daniel era a melhor pessoa que eu conheci. – ela levantou o olhar para Lorraine. – Estamos... Estávamos juntos há seis anos, e em todo esse tempo eu nunca o vi ser egoísta ou mesquinho ou guardar rancor de ninguém. Ele não merecia isso! Ele tinha o direito de viver. Ele tinha o direito de ver Lucy crescer, e agora ele não pode porque alguém decidiu que o meu Daniel tinha que lutar em uma guerra que ele não começou! Ao terminar de falar, Jane estava exaltada, praticamente gritava, e as lágrimas corriam livres por seu rosto. A perda de alguém que se ama é uma ferida que nunca cicatriza por completo. Nada que digam é capaz de consolar. Nenhuma palavra ameniza. Nada substitui, nada é capaz de preencher o vazio de uma outra vida com a qual acostuma-se tanto que passa a ser parte da sua própria. Lorraine levantou-se e se ajoelhou à frente de Jane, recebendo-a num abraço solidário. Lembrou-se do pai, de como sentia saudades dele. Pensou que poderia estar passando pela mesma situação agora, e agradeceu a Deus em seu coração por ter protegido a vida de Ed. E enquanto Jane se deixou acolher no abraço da jovem desconhecida, soluçando e pranteando sua dor, a própria Lorraine sentiu seus olhos arderem com lágrimas que ela não impediu. Não havia fraqueza em chorar. Fracos eram, na verdade, aqueles que não se compadeciam dos outros. Ela olhou para Ed e o viu abaixar a cabeça, limpando as próprias lágrimas. Foi quando um arrepio percorreu todo seu corpo e ela puxou o ar com força, afastando-se da outra mulher. - Jane, eu... Me desculpe, acho que não estou muito bem. Ed notou que ela ficara pálida de repente e estava ao seu lado em um segundo, apoiando-a pelo braço. - Lorraine, tudo bem? Ela lhe lançou um olhar assustado que queria dizer mais do que aparentava. Era uma sensação nova até para ela, e a presença de Jane Harrys a impossibilitava de dizer a Ed exatamente o que sentia. - Vou buscar um copo d'água para você. - Jane fungou, contendo o choro e levantando-se enquanto Ed ajudava Lorraine a se por de pé novamente. - Podem olhar o bebê para mim um minuto? Eu volto logo. Ela saiu passando ao lado de Ed, e Lorraine aproveitou o momento para falar com ele. - Eu senti uma presença. Aqui. - Como na casa da garotinha? - Não. Foi diferente. Mais... Brando. Acho que é seu amigo. Acho... Acho que ele sente saudades e quer dizer adeus. - ela sussurrou, a respiração presa na garganta de repente. Foram surpreendidos pela risada da criança e viraram-se para vê-la levantando um bloco colorido, como faria se um adulto estivesse em pé na frente dela e ela tentasse lhe entregar a peça. - Lorraine...? - Aqui está - a mulher voltou com um copo d'água que entregou a Lorraine. - Beba um pouco, vai te fazer bem. Ao pegar o copo das mãos da mulher, Lorraine acabou encontrando seus dedos nos dela. O mesmo arrepio a percorreu de novo, mas dessa vez ela teve um vislumbre de Jane em um vestido branco, bonita e feliz, ao lado de um rapaz que, ela sabia, só podia ser Daniel. Passado o contato, ela sorriu para Jane, sentindo ainda a presença de outra pessoa no cômodo, mas dessa vez foi como se sussurrassem em seu ouvido. Ela tomou um gole da água, baixando o copo em seguida. - Sei que pode parecer muito estranho eu dizer isso a você, mas Daniel a amava muito. Ele sentiu muito por não ter tido a chance de se despedir. - É, eu acho que sim. - ela deu de ombros. - Eu tenho certeza. - ela olhou para Ed, que ainda mantinha uma mão apoiada na parte baixa de suas costas, procurando por aprovação. - Ele... Ele estará sempre em seu coração, e cuidará de você e Lucy para sempre. E ele sentirá saudade, assim como você. Mas acima de tudo, ele quer que você seja feliz. Sei que pode parecer estranho, mas, por favor, acredite no que digo. Jane lhe lançou um olhar curioso, entre a dúvida e o ceticismo, mas, talvez pela necessidade de ter algo a que se agarrar, apenas assentiu. Lorraine entregou o copo a Ed, ainda a seu lado, e abraçou a outra mulher novamente, tentando confortá-la e, talvez, passar para ela um pouco do que sentia. Quando se separaram, Ed a abraçou também, dizendo-lhe novamente que tinha orgulho de ter sido amigo de Daniel. Após saírem, reiterando as palavras de que estariam lá se elas precisassem de qualquer coisa, Ed reparou em como Lorraine respirou fundo, parecendo cansada. - O que foi aquilo? - Aquilo... Fui eu conhecendo seu amigo. Ed a olhou sem reação por um momento. Sentiu sua pulsação aumentar e respirou fundo, registrando completamente o que ela dissera. - Ele era boa pessoa. - ela acrescentou. - Você... Foi a presença do Daniel que você sentiu? - Sim. - Está conseguindo controlar? - ele parecia maravilhado, feliz por ela estar conseguindo desenvolver o dom. - Mais ou menos. Na verdade, é a primeira vez que acontece desde a mulher na casa de Grace. Mas foi diferente. Eu soube logo que era ele, que não era uma ameaça. E foi mais claro também. - Isso é fantástico, Lorraine! - Ed exclamou, irrompendo em sorrisos. - E, quando ela me entregou a água, e eu toquei na mão dela, eu vi... Vi o dia do casamento deles. Estavam tão felizes, Ed! Acho que Jane estava pensando nisso, e eu acabei vendo através dela. Ela falava empolgada, como uma novidade que não aguentasse mais conter só para si. Ed a ouvia com atenção, a tristeza pelo amigo momentaneamente esquecida. E, quando Lorraine parou de falar, ele apenas olhou para ela com reverência. - Estou muito orgulhoso de você, Lorraine. Ele estendeu os braços e ela pulou em seu pescoço simultaneamente. Segurou-a pela cintura e a levantou enquanto ela enchia seu rosto de beijos. Como se fizessem aquilo a vida toda. Como se nunca houvessem se separado. Quando a colocou no chão, Lorraine pareceu lembrar-se de que ele ainda estava se recuperando, e olhou para ele preocupada. - Desculpe! Eu machuquei você? - Não. Está tudo bem. - ele voltou a abraçá-la com mais calma, caminhando ao lado dela pela rua quase deserta. - Eu quero continuar a fazer isso, Ed. Quero ajudar as pessoas. - Acha que podemos fazer isso? - Acho. Bom, ainda não posso garantir que vai funcionar sempre, mas quero continuar fazendo isso. Sei que existem pessoas que acreditam no que posso fazer. Estudarei, e me dedicarei, vou aprender a controlar e poderei ajudar mais pessoas. - novamente o jeito feliz, animado, o tom de quem faz planos. - Vamos fazer isso, Lorraine. Juntos. Como sempre. - Sim. Juntos, como sempre! E foi assim que retomaram os estudos. Voltaram a ler sobre os mistérios do mundo sobrenatural, e Ed até ajudava Lorraine a treinar seu dom. Ao fim de outras duas semanas, ele a levou para a colina a fim de fazer um piquenique. Sentaram-se sobre um cobertor, onde ela havia colocado a cesta cheia das coisas que prepararam. Estavam deitados sob o sol fraco, lado a lado, de mãos dadas. Era como se precisassem compensar o tempo que perderam, todos os beijos, os toques que ficaram mais ousados. Lorraine fechou os olhos e esticou o rosto em direção aos raios de sol, sentindo Ed beijar de leve seu pescoço e acariciar sua cintura com a mão livre. No entanto, repentinamente ele se levantou, e ela sentiu falta do contato imediatamente. Eles estiveram praticamente em silêncio pelos últimos minutos. Tempo o suficiente para Ed pensar de novo em tudo que já vinha pensando antes. - O que houve? - ela perguntou, apoiando-se nos cotovelos e olhando para ele com apenas um olho aberto. - Lorraine... Eu quero... Preciso perguntar uma coisa. Ele parecia sério, então a moça sentou-se adequadamente no cobertor. As pernas dobradas abaixo de si. Ela ajeitou a saia sobre os joelhos e olhou para ele, esperando. - Aconteceu alguma coisa? - Na verdade, aconteceu, sim – ele sorriu. – Sabe que eu conversava muito com Daniel. E ele me deu vários conselhos. E eu pensei muito sobre algo que queria fazer. Achei que devia esperar a guerra acabar, mas a verdade é que eu não tenho certeza... Bom... A vida é curta, certo? Ela o olhou desconfiada. - Certo. – respondeu devagar, como se o analisasse. - E ontem eu... enfim... Acho que o que eu quero dizer é que... - Ed, pelo amor de Deus, pare de balbuciar. – talvez pela primeira vez, o rapaz notou que ela estava perto de perder a calma. - O que houve? - Talvez pareça cedo para você, mas eu não quero deixar pra amanhã. Não quero esperar mais do que o necessário... Principalmente depois da notícia de ontem. - Que notícia? – o coração dela gelou. Ele parecia nervoso e isso fazia com que ela ficasse nervosa também. Seu coração estava acelerado, e ele não dizia logo o que era, só aumentava o mistério. Ela o observou pegar alguma coisa no canto da cesta atrás de si. - Ed! Ele se virou para ela, uma caixa de veludo preto na mão, mostrando um lindo e delicado anel. - Quer se casar comigo? A expressão de Lorraine mudou para uma de total surpresa. Seus olhos estavam quase arregalados, a boca levemente aberta, que ela se obrigou a fechar. Piscou os olhos várias vezes como se não estivesse certa do que estava vendo. - Se eu aprendi alguma coisa com tudo isso, foi que não se pode confiar no amanhã. Ele pode nunca chegar. E eu não quero passar mais nenhum dia da minha vida sem você ao meu lado; sem ter dito que te amo. Que você é minha melhor amiga, e que eu faria tudo por você, qualquer coisa que você quisesse. Porque, se houver amanhã, não ter você ao meu lado será meu único arrependimento. Nenhuma outra pessoa seria capaz de despertar em mim os sentimentos que sinto por você. Você acreditou em mim quando ninguém mais acreditou. E eu estou abrindo meu coração para dizer tudo isso porque quero muito que você diga sim. Então, por favor, diga sim. Ela estendeu a mão e segurou o anel entre os dedos. Eram pequenas pedras delicadas, uma brilhante no centro e outras azuis em formato de losangos ao redor, o mesmo azul dos olhos dela, formando uma flor. - É lindo, Ed! – ela olhou o anel, retirou-o da caixa e o colocou no dedo da mão esquerda, depois olhou para ele, olhos brilhantes como o sol refletido na água do mar. – Eu acho que não podemos mesmo confiar no amanhã. E não quero que faça tudo por mim, só quero que me ame. E que seja bom, como eu sei que você é. Eu entendo tudo o que disse porque a verdade é que também não tem um dia em que não queira tê-lo ao meu lado para sempre. E eu acho que, se você abriu seu coração para me pedir, o mínimo que posso fazer é dizer sim. Porque a vida toda eu também esperei por alguém que acreditasse em mim. E aqui estamos. Finalmente nos encontramos. E eu sei que vou passar o resto da minha vida com você, Ed Warren. Então, sim. Eu me caso com você. Ela olhou para o anel de novo, então se jogou nos braços dele, os dois caindo no cobertor em meio a risos e algumas lágrimas. O sol refletia na grama atrás deles e, daquele ângulo, ela parecia uma pintura. Irreal demais para se tocar. Até que ela juntou suas bocas num beijo que lhe tirou o fôlego. - Tem outra coisa. - ele continuou. Lorraine ficou em silêncio, apenas olhando para ele, aguardando. - Recebi outra carta ontem. Avisando que meus dias de licença expiraram. - Expiraram...? - Preciso voltar. Ela apoiou-se em um cotovelo, olhando fixamente para ele. Sabia que aquele momento chegaria. Conversaram sobre isso quando ele saiu do hospital. Foi liberado apenas até se recuperar, com a ressalva de que podiam chama-lo de volta. E lá estava o momento que ela não queria que chegasse. Sua expressão ficou séria e triste. Ed sabia o que ela sentia, pois ele sentia o mesmo. O medo, a apreensão, a aversão. - Quando você embarca? - sua voz era pouco mais que um sussurro. - Em dez dias. - Não quero me despedir de você de novo. Eu não vou aguentar, Ed! - Seus olhos brilhavam com lágrimas não derramadas, e Ed a puxou para si, estreitando-a contra seu peito. - Eu também não. Não vamos nos despedir. É temporário. Eu vou voltar. Prometo, Lorraine. Vou ficar vivo por você. - É bom, mesmo. Não posso ficar viúva antes de me casar. Ele riu, e a puxou para si selando seus lábios novamente. Se pudesse, ele nunca a deixaria. Nunca partiria. Não por ele, mas por ela. Era sua obrigação cuidar dela, protegê-la. Ser sua fortaleza, seu refúgio quando o resto do mundo lhe virasse as costas. E ela era o mesmo para ele. Seu porto seguro, seu farol em meio à tempestade, sempre guiando-o de volta para casa. Quando se separaram, ela encostou a cabeça em seu peito e fechou os olhos. Ed segurou sua mão e pousou um beijo no ponto onde o anel quase encostava em sua palma. E naquele momento, ela sentiu algo desabrochar em seu peito, uma sensação que se espalhou por todo o seu ser com a certeza de que nem a guerra, nem o tempo, nem a distância, nada disso os separaria. Eles ficariam juntos para sempre. Estamos perto do fim, só faltam mais dois capítulos e é isso Obrigada por acompanhar :)[Chapter 7] Muitas músicas me inspiraram no decorrer dessa história, mas esse capítulo foi praticamente todo inspirado por Carrie Underwood. Recomendo que ouçam Mama's Song, Heartbeat, Look at Me e Inside your Heaven durante a leitura. Definitivamente, Carrie nasceu pra descrever Lored :) Quando nos tocamos, quando nos amamos As estrelas se iluminam, o errado se desfaz Naturalmente minha alma se rende O sol e o luar Todos os meus sonhos estão nos seus olhos E eu quero estar dentro do seu paraíso Leve-me para o lugar onde você chora Onde a tempestade sopra seu caminho Eu quero ser a terra que te segura Todo ar que você respira, O vento que acalma Eu quero estar dentro do seu paraíso (Inside Your Heaven) Lorraine pensou que seria difícil contar aos pais de Ed sobre o casamento. E, mais difícil ainda, pedir a permissão da mãe dela. Decidiram então que o melhor seria fazerem isso juntos, e Ed sugeriu um jantar na casa dele. Seria mais fácil convencer Georgiana a ir até lá do que tirar os pais dele de casa. E a moça queria começar o planejamento antes que ele partisse, para ter uma ideia do que faria enquanto aguardava pelo retorno dele. Portanto não teriam muito tempo. Ela devolveu o anel a ele, para que fosse entregue durante o jantar. Disseram que seria para a despedida dele, o que não levantou suspeitas. Ed estava nervoso. Lembrou-se da vez em que a pediu em namoro, do nó em seu estômago. Seria a mesma coisa, agora. Talvez pior. Surpreendentemente, ele ficou mais ansioso do que nervoso. Lorraine lhe lançara olhares a noite toda, mas só na hora da sobremesa, quando todos conversavam, falando sobre a guerra, notícias da cidade, número de mortos e de sobreviventes, Ed apalpou o bolso sentindo o formato da caixa sob o tecido e decidiu não esperar mais. Não há tempo melhor que o presente, pensou, antes de anunciar numa voz alta e quase solene \"Lorraine e eu vamos nos casar\". Foi o bastante para toda a mesa ficar em silêncio, incluindo a própria Lorraine, que olhava para ele preocupada que o jovem pudesse desmaiar. - Ora, ora. - Georgiana foi a primeira a quebrar o silêncio, ainda surpresa. - Eu adoraria pedir a mão de Lorraine para o pai dela, Sra. Moran – ele continuou, com mais confiança agora - Mas, dadas as circunstâncias, quero pedir a sua permissão, Sra. Moran, para me casar com sua filha. Eu a amo, e sei que ela também me ama. Pode parecer que somos jovens, mas não é uma decisão impensada. A única coisa que quero no mundo é ser feliz, fazer a diferença de alguma forma, construir uma família... E vejo a possibilidade de fazer tudo isso quando olho para a sua filha. Lorraine sorriu para ele, as bochechas rosadas de vergonha, e ele desviou o olhar da senhora para retribuir o dela, sorrindo de volta. Não estava acostumada a vê-lo falando assim dela na frente de outras pessoas, principalmente quando as outras pessoas eram seus pais. O silêncio se prolongou por mais alguns instantes, apenas o som do suspiro do pai dele e da hesitação da mãe dela. - Sra. Moran, eu só quero dizer que não fazia ideia que meu filho tinha essas intenções quando a chamou, se é isso que a preocupa... - Robert, por favor! - Laura o interrompeu, sentindo que o marido não entendera o sentido da conversa. - Está tudo bem. - Georgiana tinha um tom gentil, porém um pouco incerto, ao olhar para a filha e em seguida para o jovem no lugar oposto ao dela na mesa. - Ed, sabe que gosto de você. E acho que eu já devia imaginar que estariam chegando a esse ponto. O silêncio se estendeu um pouco mais, o jovem casal olhando para ela em expectativa. - Talvez parte de mim não queira aceitar que minha filha já esteja preparada para viver por conta própria. Porque, no fundo, acho que eu não estou pronta para me separar dela. Mas não posso impedi-la de viver por isso. Posso ver nos olhos dela o quanto significam um para o outro. Você tem minha permissão. Só quero que faça a minha filha feliz. - Ele já faz - Lorraine respondeu, a voz tão carregada de sentimento e tão baixa que quase não se fez ouvir. Mas Ed a entendeu, e era tudo que ela precisava. - Bem, Ed... - o pai dele começou, tomando um gole do vinho tinto que ainda estava à sua frente- Eu teria preferido que conversasse comigo antes. Poderia ter dado alguns conselhos, pelo menos. Ele estava sério, como sempre, mas não parecia ressentido. Os olhos da mulher caíram sobre ele num pedido silencioso para que fosse gentil. Mas Ed sabia o que ele queria dizer. Havia esquecido totalmente do anel. - Tudo bem, pai. Não se preocupe, eu fiz o dever de casa. Ele tirou a caixinha do bolso e a abriu, retirando o anel e levantando-se para dar a volta na mesa. Parou na frente da jovem e estendeu a mão livre para Lorraine, que lhe ofereceu a dela instantaneamente. Ele deslizou o anel por seu dedo, admirando os brilhantes na mão pálida e perfeita dela. Sua noiva. Ele sentiu uma vontade imensa de beijá-la, do jeito como só fizeram poucas vezes, que deixava ambos sem ar, agarrados um ao outro. Mas em vez disso, apenas lhe deu um beijo na mão, logo acima do anel, e outro na testa. Laura e Georgiana bateram palmas, levantando-se também para abraçarem os filhos, seguidas por Robert que, mesmo parecendo uma versão mais velha e muito seria de Ed, abriu um sorriso acolhedor para Lorraine enquanto a abraçava, oferecendo o mesmo ao filho. - Acho bom você fazer essa mocinha muito feliz, Ed. - ele disse, assim que se afastaram. - Se você magoá-la, garantirei pessoalmente que pague por isso. - Oh, não se preocupe, Sr. Warren. Ed já sabe que se não se comportar, os cachorros o estarão esperando. - Georgiana fez uma alusão a uma piada antiga, com uma piscadela para o jovem. Eles tinham sorte. Suas famílias talvez não fossem perfeitas, mas definitivamente havia casos piores. A seu modo, os pais de Ed o amavam e se preocupavam com ele, e a presença de Lorraine em suas vidas desde o ataque à fragata havia colaborado muito para melhorar as coisas. Eles ouviam as coisas que ela falava, viam seu comprometimento com o bem e com a igreja, notavam o quanto ela se preocupava e se dedicava ao filho deles. E notaram que o garotinho que ele um dia fora estava crescido. Transformado em um homem bom e capaz. Que agora ia construir sua própria família. Não havia como ignorar o fato de que Ed partiria novamente, nem a dor e a dúvida que vinha junto com esse fato. Mas dessa vez, Lorraine tinha algo mais no que pensar, planos para fazer. A espera ainda seria dura, mas o planejamento do casamento a manteria focada. Dessa vez, estava em paz com a partida dele, e quando pensava no futuro, a única coisa que sentia era alegria. Ed lhe dissera que fizesse tudo como queria, como sempre sonhou. Mesmo assim, ela se pegava pensando em seu noivo, no que ele acharia, as coisas de que gostaria... E, embora tentasse evitar assuntos banais nas cartas que trocavam, ocasionalmente mencionava um ou outro detalhe. A felicidade era tanta que mal cabia em seu peito, e ela chegou a se perguntar se era errado alguém estar tão feliz assim enquanto o mundo lutava e pessoas morriam. A todo lugar que ia exibia orgulhosa o anel de noivado, falava como ela e Ed estavam felizes, mas queriam fazer tudo direito e só terminariam de acertar as coisas quando ele voltasse. E ela estava justamente em um desses momentos quando foi interrompida por uma figura alta e loira que ela conhecia bem. - Se fosse você eu não me preocuparia muito com vestidos por enquanto. Ele pode nem voltar. Ou não estar mais interessado em você. - Olá, Nancy. Ver Nancy Whitman ali foi uma surpresa com a qual Lorraine não contava. Subitamente ela apenas sentiu vontade de chamar sua mãe e ir embora, deixar os vestidos para outro dia e se refugiar no conforto de sua casa. - Então conseguiu fisgar Ed Warren? Está grávida? As palavras dela eram cheias de veneno e ressentimento. Lorraine nunca entenderia o que levou Nancy e Barbara a implicarem e zombarem dela no início. Mas agora havia mais, havia ciúme e raiva em sua voz. Ela queria machucar Lorraine com suas palavras, falando alto o bastante para que outras pessoas a ouvissem e espalhassem a fofoca. - Nancy! É claro que não. - Porque, se estiver, isso não é o que vai segura-lo. - Segurar quem? - a mãe de Lorraine apareceu, saída de um dos corredores de vestidos em tons pastel. - Não é nada, mãe. - Oh, olá Nancy. Como vai? E sua mãe, como está? Não tenho visto vocês na igreja. - Não tenho tido muito tempo. Estou estudando para ser enfermeira e ajudo no hospital de Black Rock três vezes por semana. São tempos difíceis, é de se esperar que as mulheres façam alguma coisa além de procurar vestidos. - ela usava um tom áspero, acusador, beirando a agressividade. - Claro, tem toda razão! Lorraine, por exemplo, está trabalhando como voluntária ajudando famílias necessitadas da paróquia. Pobrezinha, quase não para em casa, tive que pedir ao padre Smith, acho que não o conhece, ele chegou há pouco tempo. Enfim, tive que pedir a ele que a deixasse tirar folga esta tarde para começarmos a ver os vestidos e pensar no que ela gostaria de usar. É importante não deixar que os horrores da guerra endureçam demais seu coração. E que jeito melhor do que com um casamento, não? Lorraine assistia as duas como se fosse uma batalha. Uma batalha que ela não estava interessada em acompanhar. - Mãe, já chega. Temos que ir. - Ah, tudo bem. - ela se virou para Nancy com um tom quase conspirador - acho que podemos aproveitar e ver algumas amostras de bolo. Elas se viraram para sair e Lorraine suspirou aliviada, rindo da atitude quase juvenil da mãe com a outra garota. Ela devia ter razão. Talvez o melhor fosse mesmo ignorar e apenas usar de bom humor. Seu casamento era algo muito importante, e ela não deixaria Nancy Whitman estragar seus planos. Ela sabia que a mãe enviaria um convite aos pais de Nancy, e que provavelmente, eles compareceriam. Mas ela lidaria com isso quando chegasse a hora. Sabia que, no fundo, a garota tinha razão. Era tolo e frívolo começar a planejar um casamento agora. E, embora a esperança de um retorno breve fosse o combustível de seus dias, não havia como garantir a segurança de Ed. Ela apenas esperava, e rezava. Era só o que podia fazer. E foi o que fez por todos os dias, incessantemente. As cartas se tornaram raras, e em uma delas ele dissera, sem maiores detalhes, que apesar de estarem em terra, as coisas estavam difíceis e provavelmente ficariam ainda piores. Portanto ela não deveria se preocupar se ficasse sem notícias por algum tempo. Esse \"algum tempo\" se estendeu por mais de um ano. Mais de um ano onde as únicas informações vinham dos postos de serviço e eram rasas e sem conteúdo. Quando a guerra se estendeu demais, novamente angustiada, Lorraine decidiu que seria melhor esperar pelo retorno de Ed. Não se sentia animada para decidir cores ou modelos de convite ou que flores seriam melhores para a decoração. Principalmente porque queria contar tudo a Ed, pedir a opinião dele, perguntar o que ele mais gostava. Fora isso, todas as coisas estavam difíceis. A moda e os costumes estavam mudando. As pessoas tinham que se adaptar as novas escolhas, à economia fraca. Havia se resignado à espera. Ela concentrou todos os seus esforços em ajudar famílias necessitadas, dar conforto aqueles que haviam perdido pessoas especiais, trazer uma palavra de carinho e solidariedade para os que choravam por seus mortos. Quando finalmente recebeu uma carta, foi com a melhor notícia que podia receber. As coisas estavam se acalmando e algumas tropas tinham sido dispensadas. Ed estava voltando para casa. -/- Ela não conseguia dormir. Em menos de uma semana sua vida mudaria para sempre. Em menos de uma semana os planos de quase dois anos se concretizariam e ela seria uma mulher casada. Apesar do tempo que passaram afastados, quando Ed desceu do ônibus naquela tarde chuvosa de fim de verão cerca de seis meses atrás, ele ainda era o mesmo rapaz de quem ela havia se despedido. Um pouco mais homem agora, talvez. Braços mais fortes, maxilar mais altivo. Mas os mesmos olhos doces e gentis. O mesmo rapaz por quem ela se apaixonara há quase cinco anos e por quem se apaixonou novamente naquele momento. Inquieta e incapaz de acalmar o frio na barriga, Lorraine se levantou e ligou a luz do quarto, caminhando até a porta do guarda roupa onde estava seu vestido. Ela correu os dedos pela renda francesa cobrindo o tecido. Não queria nada muito luxuoso ou extravagante, então optou por um modelo com decote ombro a ombro coberto de renda. O corpete do vestido se ajustava perfeitamente em seu corpo e a renda caia de forma assimétrica pela saia ampla e cheia deixando que a organza se fizesse visível do outro lado. Teve vontade de experimentá-lo de novo, mas em vez disso pegou os sapatos brancos de salto e os colocou ao lado do vestido. Depois correu os olhos pelas jóias em sua penteadeira. Com um último sorriso feliz, guardou os itens no guarda roupas e voltou para a cama. O melhor seria tentar descansar. Sua mãe a estava perturbando o mês inteiro para ingerir mais vitaminas, beber bastante água e descansar bem para que sua pele, unhas e cabelo estivessem viçosos e saudáveis no dia do casamento. A única coisa que a mãe não a ensinara, no entanto, foi a como evitar as borboletas no estômago causadas pela ansiedade. Mais alguns dias. Só mais alguns dias. Quando finalmente adormeceu, foi com um sorriso no rosto. E acordou na manhã seguinte com o barulho de buzinas e motor invadindo seus sonhos. Ela levantou e foi até a janela, querendo saber o porquê de tamanha comoção. O que ela viu, no entanto, a fez sorrir. Do banco do motorista de um Ford bege, Ed Warren buzinava e acelerava o motor, acenando para ela. Ela riu e correu pela casa para encontrá-lo, deparando-se com sua mãe, já vestida, no corredor. - O que, em nome de deus, está havendo? - É o Ed. - ela respondeu, rindo e saindo em disparada pela porta. - Você vai sair vestida assim? - a mãe dela gritou, sem receber atenção. Ao atravessar a porta da frente ela o viu já de pé do lado de fora, apoiado na lateral do veículo. Braços cruzados, óculos escuros, a camiseta branca marcando os músculos que ele adquirira recentemente, o sorriso de lado, ele era a própria imagem dos rapazes bonitos e perigosos que garotas decentes eram ensinadas a evitar. - Quer dar uma volta? – Ele retirou os óculos, mantendo o olhar fixo no dela e ela riu. - Ed. O que faz aqui tão cedo? De quem é o carro? - É nosso. - ele respondeu simplesmente. - Nosso? - ela franziu o cenho para ele. - Tecnicamente ainda é meu, mas será nosso em dois dias. - ele sorriu. - Você...? - ela estava incrédula, a felicidade borbulhando dentro dela. - Comprei. Nosso presente de casamento. - ele piscou para ela e Lorraine se atirou nos braços dele. Ed a girou no ar fazendo o cetim da camisola dela esvoaçar. - É lindo! - ela comentou quando ele a devolveu ao chão. - Bom, não é o melhor, e é um modelo antigo, de 1939, mas é nosso. Precisa de uns ajustes, mas eu aprendi alguma coisa de mecânica na marinha. - É perfeito Ed. Ela o beijou na bochecha, abraçando-o de novo em seguida. O abraço, porém, acabou cedo demais, e ela se afastou como se tivesse se queimado. - Algo errado? - ele parecia confuso pela expressão de pânico dela. - Sim! Quer dizer, não, é que... - LORRAINE! - eles ouviram a voz da mãe dela chamar da porta em um tom repreendedor. - ... Eu estou de camisola. No meio da rua. Ele riu diante da preocupação dela, mas sabia que a conversa estava acabada por enquanto. - Preciso entrar. Não quer vir? Tome café da manhã com a gente. - Agora não posso, preciso resolver mais algumas coisas. Só queria mesmo te mostrar a Babs. - Babs? - Sim, o car... - Vai chamar o carro de Babs? - o olhar dela e os braços cruzados à frente do corpo diziam que ela não aprovava a escolha. - Bom, eu achei que \"Nancy\" não seria um bom nome. - ele zombou, fazendo-a rir. Tão entretidos estavam que não notaram a mãe dela se aproximar. - Sei que em dois dias isso vai mudar, mas ainda não são casados. Então se a mocinha puder entrar e se vestir, acho que seria apropriado. Não havia muitas pessoas na rua, mas o carro certamente havia atiçado a curiosidade de alguns vizinhos. - Já estava entrando, mamãe. - E eu já estava indo. - Ed desculpou-se com um olhar culpado. Despediram-se brevemente e ela correu para dentro de casa, sendo logo seguida pela mãe que, após ver Ed partir prometendo que jantariam juntos aquela noite, sorriu afetuosamente. Algo lhe dizia que os dois nasceram um para o outro. Ela nunca vira a filha tão contente e animada com nada, antes. Quando a manhã de sábado finalmente chegou, Lorraine acordou sentindo-se no céu. Não parou de sorrir o dia todo, não conseguia se concentrar na conversa de sua tia e primas, e achou que as horas estavam se arrastando. Estava nervosa, mais do que já se sentira em toda sua vida. Um pouco depois do almoço Jane chegou com a pequena Lucy. Lorraine decidira visitar Jane em algumas ocasiões para se certificar de que estavam bem, já que os pais da moça moravam longe e ela não tinha mais parentes próximos. Como Lucy já estava com quase três anos, Lorraine perguntou a Ed o que ele achava de ter a menor dama de honra já vista, com o que ele prontamente concordou. Tendo tudo se acertado, Jane e uma prima de Lorraine seriam as damas de honra e Lucy levaria as alianças. As duas moças em vestidos lilás de mesmo modelo e Lucy com um vestido rosa feito especialmente para a ocasião. E então, lá estavam elas, Jane, Georgiana, a tia de Lorraine e suas primas, ao redor de Lorraine, cuidando para que a maquiagem estivesse na quantidade certa, que o penteado estivesse no lugar, falando e debatendo entre uma profusão de pós de arroz, brincos, perfume, camadas e camadas de tafetá, renda e tule, pulseiras, broches, grampos, sapatos de cetim e botões de madrepérola. Após quase todas se arrumarem, apenas Jane e Georgiana ficaram para ajudar Lorraine a colocar o vestido. Uma vez vestida, a moça se inclinou para o espelho para colocar a tiara com o véu. A mãe a observava com adoração e carinho e, quando pegou o olhar dela no reflexo do espelho, ela sorriu e virou-se, ficando de pé e acertando o vestido com as mãos. - Como estou? - Está maravilhosa, Lorraine! - Jane a elogiou, segurando Lucy que também já estava pronta. Lorraine sorriu para a pequena que bateu palmas de contentamento infantil. - Você é a garota mais linda do mundo, meu bem. Seu pai teria muito orgulho de você. - a voz da mãe era cheia de sentimento, quase embargada, e Lorraine sabia que ela estava tentando não chorar. Isso foi o bastante para trazer lágrimas aos olhos dela também. - Queria que ele estivesse aqui para entrar na igreja comigo. – a jovem comentou, emocionada, e o silêncio recaiu no ambiente. Sentindo que o assunto tendia para um lado particular, Jane achou melhor retirar-se, dizendo que iria ver se estavam todos esperando apenas por Lorraine. Os olhares das duas mulheres a seguiram até a porta e, quando a fechou, voltaram a olhar uma para a outra. - Ah, mãe! Não chore. – a jovem se aproximou, limpando as lágrimas que insistiam em escorrer no rosto da mãe. - Vai estragar a maquiagem. - Está tudo bem. É só... - ela deu de ombros, como se não fosse nada de mais e foi sentar-se na poltrona à frente da penteadeira. - Mãe... Não se preocupe comigo. - Eu não estou preocupada. - Olhe bem pra quem está falando e tente de novo - a jovem a confrontou. - Não gosto quando usa seus... dons comigo. – a senhora vestida em um elegante tailler azul claro parecia ofendida. - Não tem nada a ver com isso, mãe. - a jovem riu, sentando-se de frente para ela e segurando as mãos dela entre as suas. - Posso ver que está preocupada. Você me ensinou a perceber essas coisas. Você me ensinou muitas coisas. E tenho certeza de que sempre quis o melhor para mim. Esse é o melhor, mãe. Ele é o melhor. Confie em mim. - Eu confio, meu bem. É que... - Ainda se preocupa. Eu sei. Mas não deve. Não é um adeus, mãe. Eu só estou andando rumo ao meu futuro. E Ed é o meu futuro. Eu sei que a vida toda você e papai sempre quiseram o melhor pra mim. E ele é a resposta de suas orações. Ele é um homem bom, mamãe. E honrado. É esforçado e muito inteligente e me trata como um verdadeiro cavalheiro. Eu não poderia desejar alguém melhor para ser meu marido. Georgiana enxugou uma lágrima solitária enquanto ouvia a filha falar, seus olhos mais azuis e mais brilhantes do que o normal. Ela queria muito ver a filha feliz, e achava que Ed seria sim um bom marido. Mas ao mesmo tempo não estava preparada para ficar totalmente sozinha, não ainda. - Ele é um bom rapaz, sim. Gosta muito de você, isso se nota logo. Eu só... Acho que não estou pronta para outra separação. - ela baixou a cabeça, olhando fixo para algum ponto no carpete. -Mas se é o que quer, fico feliz que tenha encontrado uma pessoa boa, e que te faça feliz também. - Mãe, não vamos nos separar. Eu não conseguiria. Minha casa é a duas ruas daqui, vamos nos ver o tempo todo! \"Minha casa\". As palavras soaram estranhas nos ouvidos de Georgiana, assim como na boca de Lorraine. E Georgiana olhou para a filha como a mulher em que havia se transformado. Não era mais sua garotinha. Agora ela iria percorrer seus caminhos por conta própria. Lembrou-se do próprio casamento e de como teria sido melhor se ela e o marido tivessem então o tipo de relação que a filha tinha com o noivo, e aquilo lhe deu uma nova perspectiva. Ela sabia mesmo o que estava fazendo. A filha era a pessoa em quem Georgiana mais confiava para fazer a coisa certa. - Não se preocupe comigo, meu bem. Eu ficarei bem. Aproveite os primeiros dias do seu casamento, cuide de sua casa e de seu marido, e seja feliz. Estarei aqui sempre que precisar de mim. Mãe e filha se abraçaram então, dividindo a certeza de que nada no mundo as separaria. O laço entre elas seria eterno. Georgiana não queria ser um estorvo no casamento, sempre por perto, dando palpites que não foram pedidos, e querendo ensinar a filha a como ser uma esposa e dona de casa. Ela não faria isso, não se intrometeria na vida de casada dela. Talvez até comprasse mesmo um cachorro para lhe fazer companhia. Uma batida na porta as trouxe de volta a realidade. - Lorie, tia? Estão terminando? A voz de Thomas veio do outro lado da porta. Thomas, ou Tommy, como Lorraine sempre o chamaria, era o primo escolhido para levá-la ao altar. Era hora de irem. Quando crianças os dois moravam perto, e ele e as irmãs foram praticamente os únicos amigos de Lorraine até se mudarem para outra cidade. Com a distância, a comunicação ficou mais difícil e eles já não se viam com tanta frequência, mas quando finalmente se encontravam, era como se fossem todos crianças ainda e não houvessem se separado por mais que algumas horas. Por isso, quando teve que pensar em alguém para levá-la ao altar, ela logo pensou em Thomas. E ali estavam eles, parados em frente as portas grandes e pesadas com intrincados detalhes entalhados na madeira. Quando as portas da igreja se abriram e as damas de honra entraram, todos os presentes se viraram para observá-las, já aguardando pela noiva. No altar, Ed mantinha os olhos grudados na porta, ansioso, nervoso. Ele respirava fundo tentando se acalmar. Quando a marcha nupcial começou, Lorraine surgiu na entrada da igreja ao lado do primo e Ed pensou que ela parecia um anjo. Ela realmente era um anjo, para ele. De seu lugar, ele tentou absorver tudo daquele momento: a forma como ela caminhava devagar, o vestido que acentuava seu corpo e se expandia em uma saia longa e cheia, o jeito como o tecido se elevava a cada passo, o buquê de rosas cor de rosa, o sorriso que era capaz de despertar nele todos os sentimentos bons, o cabelo castanho, mais comprido agora, que caia em uma cascata de cachos num penteado complicado parcialmente escondido pelo véu transparente. Ela era a noiva mais linda que ele já vira. Quando seus olhares se cruzaram, foi como se o tempo parasse. E, naqueles segundos, ele viu tudo refletido nas piscinas azuis que eram os olhos dela. O amor, a alegria, os momentos que passaram juntos, a separação, a espera, a angústia, a felicidade plena... E ele sabia que ela podia ver tudo aquilo nos olhos dele também. E ela via. Via muito mais. Via seu futuro, o passado, o presente, via o que queria ser e o que ele seria para ela. Ela via o amor de sua vida, e via exatamente o que ele representava: a essência de tudo. Quando chegou a frente do altar, Tommy lhe deu um abraço gentil e beijou-lhe as costas da mão direita antes de entregá-la a Ed que, mais do que feliz, segurou a mão da noiva apoiando-a em seu braço, dando-lhe um gentil beijo no rosto antes de virarem-se para o padre. Durante a cerimônia, pequena porém muito bem organizada, Ed sentia Lorraine tremer de nervosismo ao lado dele. Trocavam olhares furtivos e sorrisos mal contidos de quando em quando. Toda a igreja estava em silêncio a não ser pelo ocasional som de fungadas e murmúrios. Após trocarem os votos, com a habitual promessa de amar e respeitar um ao outro independente do que aconteça, de serem leais e fiéis por todos os dias de suas vidas, Lucy entrou carregando as alianças, orgulhosa de sua tarefa e parecendo muito séria e responsável apesar da pouca idade. Colocaram as alianças um no outro e o padre os declarou marido e mulher e Ed pousou um beijo breve nos lábios dela, casto e puro, que selou sua promessa de sempre protegê-la e amá-la. Até que a morte os separe. Eles caminharam de braços dados pelo corredor ao som de aplausos e risos contentes. Pararam na saída da igreja e receberam alguns cumprimentos antes de retirarem-se para o salão onde seria a recepção. Mesas decoradas em tons de branco e lilás, os arranjos de flores, a mesa onde estava o lindo bolo de três andares... Toda a decoração do lugar estava magnífica e Lorraine ficou impressionada, comentando com empolgação a cada detalhe que notava. Falaram com os convidados, garantiram que as mesas fossem servidas, e aproveitaram o pouco tempo à sós que conseguiram quando foi anunciada a valsa. Ed a segurou pela cintura e, naquele momento, todo o resto se dissolveu num borrão. Só haviam os dois, dançando no dia mais feliz de suas vidas. - Adorei o broche. - ele comentou, olhando para uma peça intrincada de brilhantes e prata pendurada no vestido dela. - Ah. É minha \"coisa emprestada\" - ela comentou, e ele pareceu não saber do que ela estava falando. - A coisa emprestada, sabe? Daquela rima antiga sobre noivas e casamentos. - ela elaborou. – \"Uma coisa nova, uma coisa usada, uma coisa azul e uma coisa emprestada.\" É minha coisa emprestada. É da minha mãe. - Oh sim. - Ela ganhou esse broche do papai no dia do casamento deles. E ele é lindo. - Ficou ainda mais lindo em você. Quando você entrou por aquela porta, eu achei que fosse desmaiar. - ele confessou e ela riu baixinho. - Eu tive que me lembrar de respirar a cada passo, achava mesmo que ia desmaiar! - E Lucy, naquele vestido? - Ela ficou linda! Jane me ajudou tanto, estou tão feliz que ela tenha vindo. - Também estou. Estou feliz que tenham ficado amigas. - Eu também. Quer dizer, eu amo minha mãe e ela se dedicou muito para que tudo saísse perfeito, do jeito que queríamos. Mas tem coisas que eu não posso simplesmente perguntar a ela, e... Bem, Jane era casada, então... Ela me deu algumas dicas. - ela enrubesceu de leve olhando para ele por baixo de seus cílios escuros com uma camada extra de rímel. - Dicas, hein? - É, sabe. Coisas de garota - ela deu de ombros e eles ficaram em silêncio, apenas seguindo o ritmo da música. - E a coisa azul? - ele perguntou de repente. - Como é? - A coisa azul. Não estou vendo nada azul em você. - Oh, a coisa azul - ela repetiu, parecendo se divertir com seus próprios pensamentos. - Bem... - ela afastou-se soltando uma das mãos dele e voltando em um giro gracioso, ficando ainda mais próxima que antes e puxando-o para baixo para poder falar próximo ao ouvido dele - Mais tarde você descobrirá. A recepção foi linda e, apesar de uma cerimônia pequena, era exatamente o que eles queriam. Apenas família e amigos mais próximos. Após a valsa, o ritmo das músicas mudou e eles retomaram a missão de conversar e agradecer os convidados pela presença. Jane já estava se preparando para ir embora e Lorraine a abraçou agradecendo por ter sido sua dama de honra e por ter deixado Lucy carregar as alianças, com convites para que fossem visitá-los na casa nova em breve. - Talvez um dia, quando eu aparecer por aqui. - a moça respondeu - Estou me mudando para o Nebraska com os meus pais na próxima semana. Não há nada mais para mim aqui. Sozinha, com uma criança pequena... E eles se mudaram para uma fazenda, precisam de alguma ajuda. Vai ser bom. - Oh, Jane! Desejo toda a sorte do mundo para você. Sei que não o conheci, mas Daniel ficaria feliz por vê-la bem. Ele não gostaria que ficasse sozinha. - Às vezes é difícil acreditar que nunca se conheceram. Você fala como... Como se soubesse. Quase como ele falaria. - a moça lhe lançou um sorriso triste. - Você é muito especial, Lorraine. Você e Ed serão muito felizes juntos, tenho certeza! Despediram-se com um último abraço e até algumas lágrimas. Lorraine não lhe contara sobre sua habilidade, claro, mas também não podia dizer que as coisas que falava vinham de Daniel. Na verdade, nas poucas vezes que sentiu algo diferente com Jane foi uma sensação boa, feliz. Ela sabia que Daniel estava em paz e só queria a felicidade para as duas. Todo o resto, era apenas ela consolando uma amiga. Os noivos ainda ficaram mais algum tempo na festa, aproveitando a companhia dos parentes e amigos, mas sem se desgrudarem um minuto. Posaram para fotos, ouviram os discursos dos pais dele, da mãe dela e até de alguns amigos. Cortaram o bolo e Lorraine pegou um pedaço, que dividiu com Ed, levantando pequenas garfadas até sua boca, rindo quando errava e espalhava glacê no rosto dele. Chegaram até a tomar algumas taças de champagne, que os deixou alegres e soltos, mas não a ponto de ficarem bêbados. Conversaram, dançaram, apertaram a mão de praticamente todos os convidados e Lorraine notou, sem muita preocupação, que Nancy ficara calada a noite toda. Em algum ponto da noite, Ed a chamou a um canto e, puxando-a pela mão, saiu do salão andando por um corredor até os fundos do local. Um jardim que, durante o dia, devia ser lindo, bem iluminado. Agora, banhado em escuridão com apenas a iluminação artificial de postes colocados ao longo do caminho, parecia um lugar distante e inabitado. - O que estamos fazendo aqui? - ela perguntou. - Eu só queria sair um pouco de todo o barulho e confusão. Ela olhou ao redor, inspirou profundamente o ar fresco da noite de primavera e sorriu. - Vamos para um dos bancos ali na frente. – ele a chama. - Não. - ela o segura pela manga do paletó já se abaixando para o chão. - Aqui. A vista é perfeita. Veja só como a lua está linda. Ed ajoelha-se ao lado dela, retira o paletó e o estende sob a grama. Ele deita-se sobre uma parte do tecido e estende o braço num convite silencioso para que ela se acomodasse ao lado dele, o que ela fez prontamente com um suspiro contente. Ficaram num silêncio amigável por um tempo. Lorraine brincando com o prendedor de gravata dele, sentindo o toque acolhedor da mão de seu marido na curva de sua cintura. Marido... Ela apoiou-se num cotovelo, aproximando seus rostos. - Já se sente diferente? - Diferente? Não sei, talvez... Me sinto feliz. - ele respondeu honestamente. - Eu também. Imensamente feliz. É um pouco estranho. - Estranho? - ele ergueu uma sobrancelha para ela. - Estar casada. – ela respondeu, falando devagar, a intensidade de suas palavras brilhando também em seu olhar - Como se tivesse me transformado em outra pessoa ainda sem deixar de ser eu. Me sinto mais adulta, mais responsável... Um estranho bom. - ela concluiu, voltando a acomodar-se ao lado dele e olhando para o céu, onde a lua brilhava majestosa em um fundo que parecia veludo, cravejado com os lindos brilhantes que eram as estrelas. Não poderiam ter escolhido noite melhor para seu casamento. - Será que já estão sentindo nossa falta? - ele especulou após alguns minutos, sem muita vontade de sair de onde estava. - Talvez. É possível. Acho que devemos voltar, ficamos mais uns minutos e então vamos embora. - Me parece um bom plano – ele concordou com um sorriso. No momento em que pisaram de novo no salão, sua mãe a avistou e andou depressa até ela, acompanhada pela mãe de Ed. - Onde estavam? – perguntou a mãe dele, parecendo agitada. - Achei que já tinha saído sem falar nada. Você ainda nem jogou o buquê. – emendou a mãe dela. Para acalmar as duas mulheres, Lorraine concordou em jogar o buquê então, e pediu para as duas que ajuntassem as moças presentes. Ela não iria se demorar muito mais. Ed a deixou com as duas mães e foi ficar a um canto com os outros homens. Seu pai estava alegre e socializando com os parentes dela, e ele ficou muito contente por isso. O relacionamento deles havia mudado de uns anos para cá. Ele não era mais o garoto solitário e que se esquivava de toda interação em família que não fosse absolutamente necessária. Não que não amasse os pais, ele amava. Mas acreditava que uma certa distância seria bom para que as coisas continuassem assim. No entanto, quando eles conheceram Lorraine, quando ele partiu para a guerra e depois retornou, tudo mudara. Ele sentia que seus pais confiavam nele. Finalmente viam que estava crescido e mudado, e que, embora ele não fosse o que eles queriam à princípio, era uma pessoa boa e o melhor filho que podiam querer. E aquela noite era importante para eles também. A mãe o olhava orgulhosa, fazendo questão de se apresentar como \"mãe do noivo\". Seu pai dançou com Lorraine, com a mãe dela e com Laura e parecia estar se divertindo genuinamente na festa. Era o melhor presente que podiam dar a ele. Ao lado do primo de Lorraine, ele ouviu o burburinho e o amontoado de garotas com vestidos de festa. Para sua surpresa, quem pegou o buquê foi Nancy Whitman. Lorraine sorriu para ela, que deu de ombros com um \"tanto faz\" e se afastou, mas manteve o buquê seguro delicadamente em seus braços. Lorraine tbm se afastou, voltando para a mesa onde estavam Ed e os pais deles. A música havia recomeçado e eles conversavam por cima do som alto quando Ed segurou sua mão por baixo da mesa e a puxou para sussurrar em seu ouvido: - Tudo aqui está ótimo, mas eu estou louco pra ficar a sós com você. Uma onda de excitação correu por sua espinha e ela olhou direto em seus olhos, concordando com a cabeça, incapaz de falar. - Bom, acho que já vamos. Foi uma noite longa. Maravilhosa, mas longa. Ele se levantou estendendo a mão para Lorraine e seu pai lhe deu um olhar que indicava que sabia quais as reais intenções deles e aprovava. Ainda demoraram alguns minutos, se despedindo, abraçando, agradecendo pessoas por sua presença, e ouvindo o quanto tudo estava lindo, por vezes até se repetindo, já haviam feito tudo aquilo antes, mas era a coisa educada a se fazer. Quando finalmente entraram no carro, Lorraine apenas aproveitou o silêncio e, ajeitando as saias do vestido, encostou sua cabeça no ombro de Ed durante o percurso até o lugar que, a partir de então, seria seu lar. -/- - Ed, não! Me deixa descer! - Lorraine ria nos braços de Ed. O homem que agora chamaria de marido, e que insistiu em carregá-la no colo até o quarto da nova casa que dividiriam. - Não! Tradição é tradição. Mas ajudaria se você parasse de se mexer tanto. - ele riu. -Não me derrube. - ela pediu, relaxando um pouco mais, passando os braços ao redor do pescoço dele. - e Cuidado com o vestido! - Você e seu lindo vestido estão a salvo comigo, prometo. - ele respondeu, cruzando o pequeno espaço da sala de estar até a porta de entrada do quarto. Ao empurrar a porta com o pé, ele sentiu o braço de Lorraine deslizar por suas costas e ela procurou o interruptor para acender as luzes. Seu novo quarto era bem decorado com uma grande cama de dossel bem no meio, coberta com uma linda colcha branca com bordados dourados. Ele parou logo a frente da porta sentindo o clima do ambiente mudar repentinamente. Parecia que o ar estava repleto de estática, e houve uma pausa em seus sorrisos fáceis e brincadeiras. Eles nunca ficaram sozinhos num quarto antes. E esse não era qualquer quarto, mas o quarto que ocupariam juntos, em sua noite de núpcias, e a implicação disso gerou nervosismo nos dois. Lorraine deu um suspiro e isso fez com que o transe se quebrasse. - Vou colocar você na cama. - Ed anunciou, a voz baixa e grave. Lorraine apenas concordou com a cabeça, mas quando ele voltou a andar, sentiu que podia falar de novo. - Consegue acreditar que isso tudo é nosso? Que é nossa casa? - Inacreditável, não é? Mas na verdade eu não me importaria de não ter mais nada no mundo se ainda tivesse você. Ele se inclinou, pousando-a devagar sobre a cama. Lorraine se segurou na mão dele, ajoelhando-se no colchão de frente para o rapaz, procurando por seus olhos, acariciando seu rosto como se quisesse memorizar cada traço de suas feições. Ele voltara diferente da guerra. Como não poderia? Fora endurecido pela vida, marcado pelas coisas que presenciara. E embora ele não contasse a ela todos os detalhes horríveis e mórbidos do que vira, ela sabia... Sabia de cada um deles, sabia como ele se questionava, como questionava a racionalidade de uma pátria que não se importava em matar mulheres, crianças, almas inocentes que nada tinham a ver com as discordâncias de seus governantes. E ela o amava ainda mais por isso, pois só um homem de coração realmente bom não se permitiria acostumar-se com aquilo, não aceitaria toda aquela violência como meios naturais para um fim. Após passar os dedos delicados pelas sobrancelhas dele, pela ponte do nariz, a curvatura da bochecha e do maxilar, fazendo seus polegares se encontrarem em seu queixo, subindo para tocar-lhe o lábio inferior, ela juntou suas bocas num beijo que continha tudo que sentiam, tudo que compartilhavam, tudo que ele não fazia ideia que ela sabia sobre ele, e a certeza de que jamais poderiam viver separados novamente. Ela passou os braços ao redor do pescoço dele sentindo os braços fortes de Ed enlaçarem-na com mais ardor do que já fizera antes e com uma mão ele lhe apertou a cintura enquanto a outra subiu pelo corpete do vestido descansando levemente em seu seio, incerta, apenas testando. Os lábios dela se abriram sob os dele com um gemido de surpresa e Ed aproveitou a oportunidade para deslizar sua língua pela dela. Lorraine sentia sua cabeça girar, as pernas fracas, todas aquelas sensações eram demais, e ela se deixou escorregar para a cama puxando-o consigo ainda de olhos fechados. E quando o corpo dele se juntou ao seu, foi como se fossem feitos para isso, como se toda a vida estivessem destinados a se encontrar e não houvesse nada mais certo no mundo. Ele a observou abrir os olhos devagar. Duas safiras brilhantes que pareciam enxergar direto em sua alma. - Oi. - ele sussurrou. - Oi. - ela respondeu com um risinho, as bochechas coradas, um pouco ofegante. - Tudo bem? Ela concordou com a cabeça. - É só que... Eu... - ela hesitou, não sabendo como expressar. - Não precisamos fazer nada. Você deve estar cansada – ele se moveu, começando a se levantar - vou deixar você... - Não. - ela o segurou pelo colarinho da camisa - Não vá, fique aqui. Eu quero que fique. Eu... Não sei o que fazer, mas... Quero que fique. Ed olhou para ela com adoração e amor, e uma confiança que ela carregaria pela vida toda. - Pra dizer a verdade eu também não sei muito bem o que fazer. Eu nunca... - ele deu de ombros - acho que estava esperando a pessoa certa. - Acho que é mais uma das coisas que teremos que descobrir juntos então. - ela sussurrou comovida pela revelação e honestidade dele. Jovens, tímidos e inexperientes eles se deixaram guiar pelos instintos, encorajando um ao outro, aprendendo, explorando, descobrindo, detendo-se em fechos de corpete, botões de colete, camadas e camadas de cetim e renda, e ele descobriu que a \"coisa azul\" que ela usava era a lingerie, que incluía uma cinta liga presa às meias brancas. Ele ficou nervoso de repente, trêmulo e sem saber o que fazer. Ela soltou a peça e ele a ajudou a retirar as meias, devagar, as mãos dela por cima das dele, guiando-o, mostrando-lhe como manusear a peça delicada que ele jogou para algum canto no chão. Continuaram até que não houvesse nada mais entre eles, apenas amor, paixão e um novo sentimento que despertou em seus corpos e crescia a cada toque, a cada beijo, a cada centímetro de pele descoberta. Ele a deixou descobrir seu corpo pacientemente, quando ele próprio mal podia se conter As digitais dela tocavam muito de leve em sua pele, descendo pelos ombros até o peito onde passaram sobre o crucifixo que ele sempre usava, contornando as cicatrizes recentes. Eram marcas que mostravam a luta, a dedicação, a superação e a sobrevivência. Ela inclinou-se e pousou um beijo sobre a cicatriz deixada pelo estilhaço da fragata, em seguida olhando para ele, e o jovem teve que fechar os olhos para não se perder ali mesmo, passando então a conhecer o corpo dela, prestando atenção a cada reação, a cada movimento. Foi rápido, um pouco desconfortável para ela no início, o que a fez se agarrar às costas dele em reflexo, deixando marcas vermelhas na pele. Mas o instinto os guiou pelo caminho completando sua união de corpos e almas, e os dois aprenderam a seguir os movimentos do corpo um do outro. Não havia certo ou errado, havia apenas os dois, e naquele momento nada parecia mais perfeito do que eles. Era algo mais poderoso do que já sentiram e Lorraine sentiu seu corpo ser tomado por uma sensação nova, um arrepio que começava em seu pescoço e se encerrava em sua pélvis, um calor que irradiava de seu abdômen para todo seu corpo e a vontade de se agarrar a ele, ainda mais perto. Todos os seus sentidos estavam em alerta máximo e ela correu a mão pelo peito dele, sentindo a corrente fria em sua palma quente e, por falta de algo a que se agarrar, ela segurou a jóia com força, sentindo as pontas do pingente fincarem em sua palma enquanto puxava seu marido mais para si como se fosse sua única fortaleza. Duas almas se conectavam, mais poderosas do que nunca, e eles souberam que seu destino era ficarem juntos, pois juntos eram mais fortes, e juntos eles enfrentariam o mundo. A sensação cresceu até certo ponto, no entanto, pois no instante seguinte ela sentiu Ed apertá-la com força, a respiração rápida e quente contra seu pescoço, e então ele parou. Ainda ofegante, Ed se posicionou ao lado dela, descansando a cabeça em seu ombro enquanto sua mão acariciava sua cintura. Ambos ficaram calados até que ele conseguiu sair de seu torpor o bastante para perguntar, ainda de olhos fechados, se a havia machucado. - Não. Está tudo bem. – ela suspirou, controlando a própria respiração. Ele se acomodou melhor ao lado dela, ficando mais confortável entre os lençóis. Sua profunda concentração no momento, no entanto, foi quebrada pela risada de sua jovem esposa e ele se apoiou em um cotovelo para observá-la melhor. - Sabe, eu posso não saber qual a etiqueta pra essa situação mas acredito que não é o melhor momento para você estar rindo, Sra. Warren. - ele comentou, um sorriso divertido brincando também em seu rosto. - Desculpe. É que... Acho que não somos tão ruins nisso, afinal. - Sabe o que dizem, a prática leva a perfeição. - É, é o que dizem. - ela sorriu, enquanto passava os dedos pelo cabelo dele. - Então... Podemos fazer de novo? Lorraine riu, um leve rubor subindo a suas bochechas. - Talvez se me der uns minutos. - ela declarou um pouco tímida. Ed sorriu e pousou um beijo de leve em seu ombro. - Tudo bem. Temos todo o tempo do mundo. Ela ficou em silêncio um momento, aninhando-se no peito dele, ouvindo as batidas de seu coração como uma canção, prestando atenção ao próprio corpo, adaptando-se às sensações novas, às mudanças sutis. - Ed? Você acredita em destino? Ele estava tão silencioso que ela achou que havia adormecido. E só quando se moveu, enrolando o lençol mais firme ao redor de si e levantando para olhá-lo foi que ele respondeu. - Que somos como marionetes cumprindo papéis em uma peça? Não. Acredito que deus tem planos para todos nós, mas não em predestinação, exatamente. - Por exemplo que devíamos nos casar hoje, que isso devia estar acontecendo...? - Acho que esse tipo de coisa cabe a nós. Nós mudamos o rumo das coisas, para o bem ou para o mau. Acredito no livre arbítrio, na possibilidade de escolha. Deus não trataria os seres humanos como marionetes. Pode ser que ele esteja nos guiando no rumo certo, sem interferir diretamente. Qual o sentido da vida se tudo fosse predestinado? Mas também acredito que estamos juntos por um motivo. Deus nos juntou por uma razão. E eu sou imensamente grato por isso. Ele me deu a oportunidade de te conhecer, e meu coração escolheu te amar. Porque não havia outra opção. Quando olhei para você eu soube que teria que chamá-la para sair. Eu soube que queria me casar com você, e te contar todos os meus segredos, e eu só esperava que você me aceitasse também. Ela sorriu, comovida pela declaração dele. Ed nunca parava de surpreendê-la e ela jamais deixaria de admirar isso nele. - Não tive escolha. Você entrou em minha vida e mudou tudo que eu achava que sabia, tudo que eu achava que queria, e me deu um propósito novo para tudo que eu conheço. Ele ouvia em silêncio, enrolou uma mecha do cabelo já desfeito em seu dedo e a colocou atrás da orelha dela, enquanto ela continuava. - E quando nos despedimos aquela noite, depois do cinema, eu sabia que chegaríamos a isso. Eu sabia que estava em frente ao amor da minha vida. Sabia que passaria o resto da vida com você. Eu te amo, Ed. Mais do que alguém jamais pensou ser possível. - E eu amo você! Com todo meu coração, com todo meu ser. Ainda que não seja muito, mas com tudo que eu tenho a te oferecer – ele respondeu, acariciando o rosto dela. E de repente foi como se uma chama quase apagada voltasse à tona com um sopro forte. E, quando se soltaram para respirar, ele olhou para ela, muito sério. - Então... Já podemos fazer de novo? Ela riu, segurando o rosto dele entre as mãos. - Sim. Já podemos fazer de novo. – ela sussurrou, deixando-se perder novamente entre beijos, toques e sensações que podiam dizer mais do que palavras. Estou um pouco insegura quanto a esse capítulo. Definitivamente eu não sei escrever cenas de casamento! Uma curiosidade: Nancy Whitman começou inspirada por uma cena de Um Amor Para Recordar, mas acabou se tornando como a Paris de Gilmore Girls. Não vou tão longe a ponto de transformá-las em amigas, no entanto. E estamos chegando ao fim. Só falta mais um capítulo, agora. Espero que tenham gostado de acompanhar a jornada de nosso casal investigador do paranormal favorito. Obrigada a quem deixou reviews e a quem acompanha silenciosamente. Até o próximo capítulo.[Chapter 8] EPÍLOGO Ajustar-se à vida de casados foi um processo quase natural para Ed e Lorraine. A cumplicidade e o carinho que tinham um pelo outro traduzia-se facilmente nos pequenos gestos do dia-a-dia, na domesticidade confortável de pequenas tarefas divididas. Ela preparava o café, ele arrumava os talheres à mesa, ela lavava as louças, ele as secava e guardava. Iam à missa aos domingos e visitavam a mãe dela depois. A vida era simples e maravilhosamente bela. Lorraine continuava ajudando em projetos da igreja e, ocasionalmente, sentia alguma coisa que acabava mencionando a Ed. E foi assim que ele sugeriu que ela podia ajudar as pessoas, e que isso era fantástico. Podiam fazer isso por mais pessoas. Podiam difundir isso. E foi assim que acabaram montando um pequeno escritório para investigações paranormais. Ed, que estudara artes na marinha e se profissionalizara depois do casamento, vendia suas telas para manter a família e isso também o permitia conhecer muitas pessoas. E, com a ajuda do Padre Smith, deram início à sua organização, pequena e modesta, mas com o único propósito de ajudar aqueles que precisavam. As notícias se espalharam e, logo, começaram a aparecer convites para que eles viajassem a outros lugares. As pessoas que os procuravam estavam mais do que contentes em pagar por suas passagens e lhe oferecer estadia em suas próprias casas se isso resolvesse seus problemas. E foi assim que acabaram no meio de uma rua em Nova Yorque, a caminho do hotel, sem guarda chuva e surpreendidos por uma chuva de fim de tarde. Ed retirou o casaco para tentar cobri-los, mas ambos sabiam que era inútil. Pararam embaixo de uma pequena cobertura para esperar o tempo melhorar, mas suas roupas já estavam bastante molhadas e o penteado de Lorraine se desfizera. Ficaram abraçados, observando enquanto anoitecia e esperando uma trégua que parecia que não viria. O melhor a fazer era irem assim mesmo. Ainda que Ed protestasse, Lorraine parecia estar achando tudo muito divertido quando saiu de debaixo da cobertura e deixou a chuva cair livremente sobre ela, rindo e estendendo a mão para Ed. Ele vestiu o casaco molhado com uma pose quase solene, então segurou a mão dela e, juntos, foram andando apressados pela chuva. Após andarem quase metade do caminho, Lorraine soltou a mão dele e correu uns metros à frente, parando quase no meio da rua. - Dance comigo! – ela pediu. - Agora?! - Não há tempo melhor que o agora. - Mas não está tocando música nenhuma – ele sorriu, seu rosto tinha uma expressão curiosa. - Então cante para mim. Ele olhou sua jovem e doce esposa. Aquela que sempre o surpreendia com sua bondade e carisma, sua melhor amiga, a mulher por quem se apaixonava um pouco mais a cada dia. A chuva fazia o vestido colar-se ao corpo dela e o cabelo, totalmente desmanchado àquela altura, caia-lhe pelo rosto. E ainda assim ela o fazia ficar sem ar. Como ele negaria qualquer coisa que ela pedisse? Com um sorriso gentil ele fez uma breve reverência e a tirou para dançar. Seus corpos se moviam juntos, no mesmo ritmo. Não precisavam de música, o som da chuva era o suficiente. Ele a girou e o cabelo dela bateu no rosto dele, fazendo-a rir e abraçá-lo como um pedido de desculpas. Seus olhares se fixaram um no outro com a proximidade. Mesmo no escuro os olhos dela brilhavam como nenhuma jóia jamais poderia. Ed era arrastado pelo magnetismo dela. Como se ela fosse o oceano e ele, um barquinho perdido nas ondas. E com a naturalidade de quem nasceu para isso, seus lábios se uniram num beijo lento, molhado pela chuva e aquecido pelo amor que sentiam um pelo outro. Quando finalmente se separaram, a jovem voltou a rir e segurou a mão dele. - Vamos voltar para o hotel. Está ficando tarde. – ela recomeçou a andar rápido, puxando-o com ela. -xxxxxxxxxxxx- Lorraine correu os dedos sobre a água, apenas as pontas fazendo a superfície ondular levemente, espalhando a fina camada de espuma remanescente na banheira. O vapor que subia da água enchia o ambiente com o perfume suave de lavanda que ela tanto gostava. Sentiu as mãos de Ed deslizarem por sua cintura embaixo da água, puxando-a mais de encontro ao seu peito. - Você está distraída. - ele comentou, encaixando o rosto na curva do pescoço dela - Tem algo te preocupando? Com um suspiro contente ela fechou os olhos e deslizou um pouco na banheira, acomodando-se melhor no abraço de seu marido e descansando a cabeça em seu ombro. - Não, estou bem. Só um pouco cansada. Essas viagens podem ser um pouco cansativas. - Você precisa de uma massagem. Enquanto falava, com uma mão ele começou a fazer pequenos círculos em sua barriga sob a água, subindo até sua caixa torácica logo abaixo do seio, e descendo de novo, enquanto a outra descansava sobre a coxa dela. - Ed! - ela riu, mudando de posição só o suficiente para olhá-lo nos olhos. - eu estou imersa em uma banheira de água quente, acho que meus músculos já estão bastante relaxados. Foi uma ótima ideia, inclusive. - ela acrescentou a última frase com a voz mais baixa, uma leve insinuação de algo mais no ar. Lorraine era feliz com Ed como jamais imaginou ser possível. Ele era seu mundo, a única pessoa que acreditava nela sem questionar, que a aceitava de corpo e alma. O primeiro a dizer que o que ela tinha era um dom enviado por deus e não uma aberração. Ela o amava tanto que, se sentimentos pudessem sair do peito, ela tinha certeza que nem as estrelas do céu seriam páreo para o tamanho do seu amor. Mesmo assim, ela não sabia como começar a conversa que queria ter com ele agora. Pensou nisso a viagem toda. Será que devia esperar chegarem em casa? Apenas minutos antes ela tinha certeza de que devia falar, e por um segundo quase o fez, ali mesmo, embaixo da chuva. Se perguntava se seria a hora certa, se não estaria se precipitando, talvez fosse apenas um alarme falso. Mas no fundo ela sabia que não. Seu corpo nunca se sentiu assim antes. Delicadamente ela pegou a mão que dançava sobre sua pele e enlaçou seus dedos nos dele, trazendo-a acima da água e pousando um beijo muito leve ali, acima da aliança dele. - Obrigada. - ela sussurrou. - Pelo quê? - Por se preocupar comigo. Ele desenlaçou sua mão da dela, inclinando-se para frente e a puxando num abraço apertado, beijando seu ombro, o pescoço, e falando bem perto de seu ouvido: - Me preocupo porque te amo. Não me agradeça por te amar. Lorraine inclinou a cabeça para olhá-lo e sorriu ao ver o amor, a lealdade e dedicação dele refletidos naqueles olhos cinzentos que ela tanto adorava. Ela uniu seus lábios num beijo casto e inocente, antes de voltar a falar. - O que eu faria sem você? - Contanto que não se casasse com Bart Morrison, você ficaria bem. - ele brincou. - Eu jamais me casaria com Bart Morrison! Ele e Nancy Whitman nasceram um para o outro. - Falando nisso, soube que eles estão esperando um filho. - Mesmo? - Sim. A mãe dela comentou na paróquia. Seria muito ruim dizer que tenho um pouco de pena dessa criança? Ela sorriu ante a expressão dele. Ed sempre fora bom com crianças, atencioso e polido sempre que havia alguma por perto, o que eram em raras ocasiões, mas ela não sabia o que ele pensava sobre ser pai. - Ed, você gosta de crianças? - ela perguntou de repente, levando a mão instintivamente até o ventre. - Lorraine, que pergunta é essa? Já me viu com crianças antes, tanto da família quanto na igreja. - Sim, mas... - Não está querendo criar o filho dos Morrison, está? – ele parecia muito sério, mas ela sabia que estava brincando. - Não! - ela riu. - estou falando sério. - Eu adoro crianças. - E o que acharia de me ajudar a cuidar de uma? Por vários anos... - Lorraine... ? - Estou grávida. – ela confessou baixinho. - Serio? Ela mordeu o lábio, tímida, confirmando com a cabeça. Para sua alegria, o rosto de Ed se iluminou com um sorriso e ele a abraçou beijando seu ombro, seu pescoço, todas as partes que podia alcançar de seu rosto, tentando virar-se tanto quanto era possível dentro da banheira. A água ondulou ao redor deles, atingindo a borda da cerâmica. - Ed! Vai molhar o banheiro todo! - ela o repreendeu, mas estava adorando a alegria dele. - Quem liga pro banheiro. Vamos ter um filho, Sra. Warren! A felicidade de Ed a confortou, acalmou suas inseguranças. E ele seria sua fortaleza durante toda a gravidez. Preocupado além do necessário, por vezes. Insistindo em estar presente em suas consultas médicas, chegando em casa com pequenos presentes para o bebê, medindo o crescimento de sua barriga, fazendo planos. E também não deixando-a sair muito, querendo que interrompessem as pesquisas até a criança nascer. Era coisa da cabeça dele, ela sempre dizia. \"Estou grávida, Ed, não doente.\" Mas isso não o fazia se preocupar menos. E, à noite, quando acordava com a mão dele por dentro de sua camisola, posicionada de forma protetora sobre o pequeno montinho em sua barriga, ela sorria. Sabia que Ed seria um pai maravilhoso. Sabia que teriam uma família maravilhosa e que esses momentos não tinham preço. Nada no mundo valia mais do que a expressão boba dele enquanto falava com o bebê quando achava que ela estava dormindo. Ou o sorriso imenso quando, no meio de uma tarefa comum, ela o chamava e pegava sua mão, colocando-a sobre sua barriga onde uma perninha ou bracinho se mexia sob a pele dela. Ou quando ele se desdobrava para realizar todas as vontades dela e parecia ter ciúmes até de seus pais e da mãe dela quando Lorraine era paparicada demais nas visitas de família. Felicidade podia significar muitas coisas diferentes para pessoas diferentes. Para ela, no entanto, felicidade era amar e ser amada, ter uma família como a que tinham e a que ela estava construindo com Ed. Felicidade para ela não dependia de mansões, muito dinheiro, viagens luxuosas e roupas caras. Felicidade para ela eram momentos como esse. E as recordações boas que eles deixavam. -xxxxxxxxxxxx- Ed andava de um lado para outro no corredor do hospital. Por mais que sua mãe e sua sogra, ambas sentadas nas cadeiras de plástico não muito confortáveis, o pedissem que se acalmasse, ele não conseguia ficar parado. Fazia mais de uma hora que Lorraine fora levada por enfermeiras e até agora ele não recebera notícia nenhuma. Queria saber se ela estava bem. Se o bebê estava bem. Queria vê-la. - Ed, querido, por favor acalme-se. – a mãe dele pediu – Não está fazendo favor a ninguém andando assim. - Mas eu preciso saber como ela está, mãe. - Ela está sofrendo. Com dor. Querendo arrancar sua cabeça por ter colocado um bebê dentro dela. Agora sente-se, pelo amor de Deus, ou vai acabar abrindo um buraco no chão! Ele parecia em igual medida chocado e ofendido pelas palavras de sua mãe. E ainda mais por Georgiana não tê-la corrigido. Do jeito que sua mãe falava, parecia horrível. Meio a contra gosto ele sentou-se na cadeira entre as duas. Sua mãe lhe deu tapinhas confortadores nas costas enquanto Georgiana pousou uma mão sobre a dele. - Vai ficar tudo bem, querido. Tenho certeza que Lorraine não vai querer arrancar sua cabeça por muito tempo. – Sua sogra comentou numa voz gentil, lançando disfarçadamente um sorrisinho perverso e divertido à mãe do rapaz. Ele parecia pior ainda, como se fosse desmaiar a qualquer instante pelo nervosismo. - Sabe, eu lembro quando Lorraine nasceu. Foi em casa, claro. Não tínhamos bebês em hospitais naquela época. Lembro de ter me sentido a pessoa menos capaz do mundo para ser mãe. – Georgiana contava, tentando distraí-lo com a conversa. - Oh, ela deve ter sido um bebê lindo! – atalhou Laura. Ed, no entanto apenas olhou para ela. - Ela era. Muito linda. E tão pequena! Mas sabe o que me surpreendeu mais, Ed? O pai dela... Quando ele a pegou, ela parecia se encaixar completamente no braço dele. Como se pertencesse ali, e não nos meus braços, que a carreguei por todo aquele tempo. E, claro, eu o achava lindo quando a segurava. - Robert nunca coordenação para segurar crianças. – a voz de sua mãe o fez virar-se para ela. – Ele sempre parecia precisar que alguém o ajudasse a segurar o próprio filho. Não o fazia parecer excepcionalmente bonito, mas eu me divertia. Não posso reclamar muito, ele pelo menos tentava. E, perdido na nostalgia das duas mulheres, Ed ouviu histórias sobre como ele e Lorraine eram como bebês. Soube das experiências e das dificuldades e noites mal dormidas. E, verdade seja dita, ficou um pouco assustado com tudo o que elas lembravam com tanta alegria. Nem se deu conta de quanto tempo havia passado quando uma enfermeira apareceu no corredor chamando por ele e o conduziu para um quarto. Ele entrou devagar, avistando Lorraine na cama, olhos fechados, cabelos bagunçados. Ela parecia exausta. E ainda assim, ela a mulher mais linda que ele já vira. Aproximou-se lentamente e segurou sua mão. Ela sorriu, sabendo que era ele, e abriu os olhos devagar. - Oi. – ele disse. - Oi. - Como está se sentindo? - Vou ficar bem. - Então não quer arrancar minha cabeça? – ele riu, e Lorraine o olhou com um sorriso curioso. – Nada, coisa da minha mãe. Já viu o bebê? O que é? Ela olhou para além dele por um momento, então sorriu e elevou o olhar para ele indicando a direção da porta com a cabeça. - Por que não descobre você mesmo? Ao virar-se, ele viu uma enfermeira que trazia um carrinho de bebê do hospital com um cobertorzinho rosa que se mexia muito. Ele apertou a mão de sua esposa antes de solta-la e dar sua atenção total ao pequeno e indefeso ser que reclamava e chutava embaixo dos tecidos. Lorraine assistiu com um sorriso enquanto ele perguntava a enfermeira se podia pegar a criança e, ainda que desajeitadamente, a segurou em seus braços grandes e fortes. A emoção estava escrita em seu rosto, assim como no dela, que sentia vontade de chorar de alegria. - Ela é tão pequena, Lorraine. - Acho que eu não seria capaz de ter um maior. - Ela é perfeita. - Eu sei. - Ela parece... – ele hesitou por um momento, estudando as feições do bebê – Bom, ela não se parece muito com nada no momento, mas tenho certeza que se parecerá com você. Lorraine riu e a enfermeira pediu a ele que passasse o bebê para a mãe para ser amamentado. E, enquanto a nova mãe a segurava como se tivesse feito isso a vida inteira, ele as observava hipnotizado. Incapaz de tirar os olhos da pequena vida nos braços de sua mulher. - Você parece uma profissional. – ele comentou e pousou um beijo em sua têmpora. – É a mãe mais linda do mundo. Já sabemos como vamos chamá-la? Eles haviam feito listas com nomes, para meninos e meninas. Discutido possibilidades. Mas no fundo ele sabia que aceitaria o nome que ela escolhesse. - Já. Judy. Ela se chamará Judy. - Bem, olá, Judy. – ele se inclinou para falar com o bebê que, de olhos fechados, mamava com força, sem nenhuma preocupação no mundo. – Bem-vinda à família. Você tem uma mãe incrível e duas avós que, apesar de tudo são maravilhosas. Seu avó vai mimá-la demais, tenho certeza. - Seu pai também. – Lorraine sussurrou, sorrindo pra ele antes de voltar a olhar para a filha. - Talvez. Mas também a protegerei por tanto tempo quanto puder. E você será muito amada, e terá uma vida muito feliz. E ali, naquele quarto de hospital, Ed assistiu sua mulher amamentar sua filha pela primeira vez. Ele podia jurar que era o ápice da felicidade. Nada poderia ser tão perfeito quanto aquele momento. E agora ele tinha ainda mais motivos para amar sua esposa. Finalmente eram uma família completa, e mesmo que tudo no mundo desse errado, todas as coisas que ele precisava no mundo estavam bem ali. Ele tinha tudo que precisava, e mais do que podia desejar. As jornadas às vezes começam de formas inesperadas. Ao tropeçar aquele dia no cinema, Lorraine jamais pensou que estaria definindo o rumo de sua vida. Ela havia mudado todos os seus planos de repente, e agora tinha tudo aquilo que, então, não sabia que queria, mas que agora não poderia mais viver sem. Eles encontraram o amor um no outro. Encontraram o que procuraram a vida toda, que era alguém que acreditasse neles. E, mais do que isso, comprometeram suas vidas um ao outro. Perante Deus, perante a vida. E agora dividiriam tudo isso com a criaturinha frágil que seguravam agora. Não importa o tempo que passasse, ou o que acontecesse, eles sabiam que o que tinham era especial. Não uma ocorrência corriqueira. Era divino, e eterno. Eles eram um do outro, sempre e para sempre. ~Fim~ Pois é, acabou. E então, o que acharam? Eu acabei me apegando mais do que queria à essa história, mas foi ótimo imaginar como as coisas aconteceram, criar um passado para os dois personagens. E aqui falo mais dos personagens mesmo, embora muita coisa dessa fic tenha sido inspirada por acontecimentos reais. Acabei fazendo dois capítulos além do que havia planejado simplesmente porque não estava pronta para terminar. Mas tudo precisa acabar, certo? E não tinha muito mais coisas que eu pudesse colocar nessa história. Bem, é isso. Obrigada por ter acompanhado e espero que tenham gostado do final :) ","Summary":" Nota: Esta história é baseada nos personagens do filme, não nas pessoas reais. No entanto, alguns e"},{"Movie":"Planet 51","Title":"Return to Planet 51","Author":"Mr. Gregor Samsa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5667910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Readers, Ok, so yes, I have 2 other unfinished stories, but the plot bunnies wouldn't let me sleep last night until I wrote this down! Oh snap, Planet 51. I loved this movie, plot holes and all. And speaking of plot holes, there are several things I won't be addressing in this fic, like why their cultures are so similar and ridiculous movie things like that. We, the readers and writers of P51 fanfiction, accept that the movie was absolutely ridiculous and we accept it as it is. This fic is the tiniest bit more on the serious side, lots of humor thrown in, but mostly targeted at the older audience that watched the movie just for the ridiculous ChuckxLem gayness. Rated M for mostly languge (mostly). Don't let my OC throw you off. She's a minor character, but Chuck was just too incompitent to send back on his own. Srsly. Ok, enough Authors noteing, and on with the story! Mr. Gregor Samsa Chapter 1 - The Arrival of Astraeus A distant rumbling woke Lem from his restless slumber. He rubbed sleep from his eyes, sitting up in his bed. The rumbling grew louder, jarring him from his sleepy haze. His first instinct told him to panic, run for the basement and hide until the sun came up. His second instinct told him to think rationally, reach for the light to chase away the darkness that invaded his room. He chose the latter, clicking on the small bedside lamp to reveal his under decorated apartment bedroom. The rumbling did not stop. Lem slowly made his way down the stairs and out into the dark street, the only light provided by a single street lamp that flickered self-consciously in the early hours of the morning. Lem's head turned upwards, his chest constricting with false hope. How long had it been? Four years? Five? He couldn't really remember. He had stopped counting once he convinced himself Chuck would probably never come back. Yet here he stood, sleep shirt and slippers, in the middle of the street in the dead of night, eyes turned to the heavens. Others slowly began filtering into the street as well; their morbid curiosity was enough to counter the fear of that mysterious rumbling that grew increasingly louder. Lem found himself sprinting to his car. The ship in the sky had appeared out of nowhere, barreling towards the planet's surface, engulfed in flame. Lem could feel his pulse in his throat as he took off in the general direction of the rocket's trajectory, his car hovering along as fast as it would go, the piece of junk that it was. He could no longer see the ship in the sky, meaning that it had to have landed somewhere in the center of town. Pressing down harder on the go pedal, his car whined reluctantly, but sped up none-the-less. Lem's ears felt hot. A small crowd had gathered around the steaming ship when Lem finally arrived at the recreational park in the center of the small town. Despite the fact that the ship had managed to land successfully, the doors remained closed. Weary wives peered out from behind their equally weary husbands, holding their children to their breast. Teenagers dared one another to get closer, though none mustered up the courage to do so. Lem simply stood there in the frigid night air, gaping up at the UFO in front of him. \"Chuck?\" he dared to whisper, almost as if he expected the aliens inside this ship to hear him if he spoke too loudly. The ship, however, remained unresponsive, and continued to show absolutely no interest in the planet and creatures around it for several hours. Lem had returned to his car, a sinking feeling in his gut. He did not return to his apartment, however, but sat there, eyes glued to the center of the park. Soon his lids became heavy and he found himself reluctantly falling asleep. --------------- Lem woke several hours later to a stiff neck and the sound of heavy vehicles gliding by. He wearily climbed out of his car and stumbled over towards the much larger crowd that had gathered around the ship. In the daylight, Lem could see how much bigger the ship was in comparison to the one Chuck had come in last time. It was a similar design, though it was much wider and appeared to have an extra level in the middle. Swallowing nervously, Lem made his way to the front of the crowd where a string of Caution tape separated him from the alien vessel. The military had swarmed the area while he had slept, and was now controlling everything up to the number of breaths each bystander took. Off to the side, Lem could see the ever vigilant General Grawl ordering soldiers off in every direction while eyeing the ship suspiciously. Lem couldn't help but bring a hand to his face as a scrawny soldier toddled over to hand Grawl a megaphone. This should be interesting. \"Attention any and all alien life aboard this ship. This is General Grawl speaking and we demand that you open your doors immediately.\" He bellowed, receiving murmurs of agreement from the crowd behind him It took several more minutes of hushed anticipation before a hissing sound filled the air and the doors of the ship slowly began to lower. Lem didn't realize he had been holding his breath until the air rushed back into his lungs as the ship door finally hit the ground and a figure appeared. Lem felt his heart drop into his feet as he quickly realized it was not Chuck. The figure appeared to be a female human, taller than any woman Lem had ever seen on his planet. She wore a similar blue jumpsuit that Chuck had worn and had her human hair pulled back into a tight ponytail. She was clearly not amused by the swarm of soldiers aiming their guns at her chest. Slowly she raised her hands in surrender. General Grawl stepped forward, eyeing her apprehensively. \"You are human.\" He observed, motioning behind him for the guns to be lowered. \"I am.\" Came the curt reply, her grey eyes sizing up the General. \"State your business.\" He commanded. The woman seemed to straighten up, as though she had prepared to give an explanation from the start. \"My name is Vera Hawes, commanding science officer for NASA and co-leader of the Astraeus Mission for the return to Planet 51. We are here to conduct scientific research of a peaceful nature in which we hope to gain insight regarding your various energy sources. Our stay will be limited to one Earth month and shall be unobtrusive and purely for the sake of information retrieval. If these terms are deemed unsuitable by the intelligent inhabitants of Planet 51, negotiations may be maid, but research is to be conducted regardless.\" She concluded her speech, nodding and placing her hands behind her back. Lem felt his head swim. Research? Mission? Energy? What did his planet offer that the advanced Earth could possibly want? He was brought back to the present situation by the sound of General Grawl clearing his throat. \"You said \"we.\" Are there more humans with you?\" he asked, peering around her and into the ship. \"Yes sir, I am accompanied by Captain Charles Baker. I believe you have been previously acquainted.\" She replied, turning around to look back at the ship. \"Chuck?\" Lem called from the crowd, drawing the attention of several members of the crowd, including Grawl and the human's. A small smile curled at the corner of her mouth. \"Charles, you're wanted planet side. Get your ass out here.\" She spoke into her wrist. Chucks irritated voice sounded from her wrist with a \"Don't get your panties in a twist! This suit is hard to get out of.\" Lem couldn't help himself. He slid under the Caution line and jogged over to where the human was standing. \"Young man, I'm going to have to ask you to return to the safety zone.\" A bulky soldier demanded, stepping in Lem's path. \"No, you don't understand. I'm…\" \"Lem!\" Came an all too familiar voice from the opening of the ship. Lem ducked around the soldier to see Chuck beaming at him from the capsule. He rushed forward and practically knocked the human over with the force of his embrace. Chuck laughed, squeezing him a little too hard before setting him down. \"Oh man, I'm so glad you're not dead.\" Chuck exhaled, clapping Lem on the shoulder. \"Dead!? Why would I be dead?\" Lem looked around, shocked and slightly confused. Chuck shrugged. \"I didn't really know how you guys age, y'know? I just figured the worst and assumed that 5 years to me is like a gazillion years to you.\" He explained, waving his hand around to signify 'a gazillion.' Lem couldn't help but laugh. It was Chuck, quirks and all. \"This is kinda weird, not gonna lie.\" He admitted. \"I mean, I never really expected to see you again. It's kinda… surreal.\" \"Right there with you buddy.\" Chuck agreed. \"When they told me I was going back, it was like a dream come true. Cause this time, I figured I wouldn't be chased around by the military…\" He glanced over in Grawl's direction, who appeared to be intensely focused on their conversation. \"…as much.\" \"Not that this isn't touching…\" the human female began. \"But Charles, we really need to get the authorization we need to set up camp.\" She turned to General Grawl. \"Do I need to seek permission from your leader? We need to set up a base camp from which we will conduct all of our research. We need to know what location you would prefer.\" She asked, returning to her original formality. Grawl seemed to consider this for a moment before straightening up. \"We would be glad to escort you to a feasible location until all diplomacies have been resolved, Commander. Until then, I personally grant you permission to remain on the planet.\" Grawl concluded, seeming to swell with pride at his authority. Vera gave a curt nod before turning on her heel and marching back up into the ship. Chuck turned back to Lem, rolling his eyes. \"She's a bit of a tight ass, but overall not too bad.\" He said with a wink before turning and following in Vera's wake. Lem smiled, feeling light headed. --------------- It took several hours to move the ship to a safe location just outside of town near, what was formally known as, Base 9. Vera put up a bit of a fuss in regards to the utter desolation of the area chosen to be their \"station\" but eventually agreed after Lem offered to escort them into town whenever the need arose. \"It's no worry.\" Vera assured, running a hand irritably through her hair. \"I work better with rocks than I do people anyways.\" She trailed off thoughtfully, stooping over to pick up a small rock about to size of her palm. \"Believe it or not, that's rain.\" Chuck informed her, pursing his lips and nodding sagely. She gave him a skeptical look. \"Raining rocks? That's just ridiculous.\" \"So is finding a whole alien race that speaks English and shares a scarily similar culture, but hey, nobody else is asking questions, so neither am I.\" Chuck retorted with a shrug as he began to get to work setting up a small pop-up trailer. \"This will be sufficient then?\" Grawl asked, having lost his men to awe over the alien technology. Vera nodded curtly, approaching him with an extended hand. \"Thank you very much for your lack of hostility.\" She said with a smile as she firmly grasped his four-fingered hand. Grawl half smiled in return. \"Captain Baker saved my life once, despite all prejudices against him. It's the least I can do.\" He assured before signaling for his men to roll out as he stepped into his own military car. \"If you need anything at all, don't hesitate to call on us.\" Grawl called from the slowly receding vehicles. Lem had chosen to stay off to the side initially, watching from the safety of his car. Chuck had aged, but only slightly. His face seemed sharper and he had a small amount of human hair on his chin. Lem wondered if he looked any different to Chuck. The only noticeable difference, to him anyways, was that he had gotten the tiniest bit taller, though most people were still dwarfed by the height of the humans. The girl was fascinating. She was almost the same height as Chuck with slim features and a hardened expression she wore almost constantly, save for a few rare smirks. Her steely grey eyes made Lem feel as though he was under constant scrutiny and her human hair was almost golden in color, reflecting the light in a way Lem didn't know possible. His analysis of the second human was interrupted as a beaming Chuck began to approach him, waving for him to get out of the car. \"Lem! Wanna see all the cool sciencey stuff we do?\" He asked excitedly, receiving a huff from Vera in the background. \"Sure, but don't expect me to understand anything.\" Lem warned, smiling sheepishly as he tossed his slippers into the car before trotting over to the crudely constructed 'base.' The small trailer that Chuck had almost magically constructed was filled with brightly lit screens that only vaguely looked like TVs. There was a small lab near the front of the trailer that looked like a freak chemistry set from the future. The other end of the trailer consisted of a very compact kitchen complete with a table and chairs. \"We sleep in the ship, but otherwise we'll practically be living in here.\" Chuck explained, looking around with a sort of smug pride. \"Vee's going to be conducting all the really scientificy experiments and stuff. I'll mostly be doing cultural observations and the like. See what makes you guys tick.\" He continued, tapping the side of Lem's forehead with one of his fingers. Lem smiled, rubbing the spot with his palm as he continued to gaze up at the screens in awe. \"Hey, I think you got taller.\" Chuck exclaimed, leaning forward to inspect Lem more closely. \"Yeah, definitely got taller. I was wondering if you were gonna stay that short for the rest of your life.\" He mused, absently fiddling with one of the tentacles on Lem's head before having his hand batted away. \"So you guys are doing all this research why? I mean… I kind of got the main points, but I'm still a little confused. What could my planet possibly offer you?\" He asked, waving his arm at the vast, dry desert plains behind him. Vera stood calmly in the entrance of the base. \"You see Lem,\" Chuck began, but found himself staring out into space at a loss for words. \"We're running out of resources on our planet.\" Vera continued for him. \"Our last resort would be to use up every single bit of the raw material that our planet has to offer, and we simply cannot do that. We'd kill our own species and every other one that inhabits the planet. So we've been on a mission to seek alternative energy sources for several years now. When Chuck came back to Earth with news of intelligent life on another planet, I convinced the board to let us return and learn from your way of life.\" She concluded elegantly. \"Yeah, that. And she totally didn't believe me when I said she'd be jammin' to the oldies for a month. But hey, looks like you guys have come a little farther than you were last time I was here. Do you have the internet yet?\" Chuck asked hopefully. \"Inter-what?\" Came Lem's response, getting a small huff for a laugh out of Vera before she stepped forward to turn her attention to the screens on the wall. \"But Lem, I need to ask you a huge favor. Well, not huge, but pretty big. Important. Yeah, an important favor.\" Chuck rambled, grasping Lem by the shoulders. Lem nodded vigorously. \"Can you bring us some food samples? I mean, we brought plenty of food, but it'd be nice to see if it's even possible for us to eat some of your native stuff. You know what I mean?\" Chuck smiled, rubbing Lem affectionately on the head. Vera sighed at the display, her fingers moving rapidly across the screens, seeming to drag their contents around simply by touching the image. Lem was momentarily captivated. \"You know Lem, he wouldn't shut up about you back on Earth.\" She interjected. \"It's how I knew who you were when you ran up to the ship. I'm curious to find out what exactly is so special about you that has the great 'I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am' Charles Baker so enraptured.\" She concluded, meeting Lem's gaze momentarily while receiving a death glare from Chuck. Lem blushed, to his embarrassment. \"I'm no one really…\" Lem began. \"Points for modesty.\" Came the retort. \"Vera, shut your pie hole and let Lem run this very important errand for us.\" Chuck barked, forcing a smile before turning back to Lem and giving him a genuine one. Lem saluted. \"One smorgasbord, coming right up!\" He practically chirped before skittering off to his car and taking off down the road. \"Well, the certainly have the work ethic of the 50's.\" Vera mused, continuing to program the computers to the planet side time and date. Chuck stood at the entrance of the trailer, eyes following Lem's car down the road, arms crossed in thought. Vera turned from the computers and squeezed past him, jumping down onto the desert floor. \"I'm going to go collect some dirt samples to get up going. You… continue to stand there and contemplate your feelings.\" Vera announced with a knowing smirk, receiving a middle finger from Chuck and a coy smile. This month was going to go by too fast. He could already feel it.[Chapter 2] Hello Readers! I'm so happy there are people out there who read my stories! Your reviews kept me going. :) So here's chapter 2. This will probably be the pace for the updates. College is a bitch. Hope you like it! Things get interesting, truths become apparent. Also, bear with me because I don't have a beta. I tried to read and re-read, but I just can't catch everything. Yours Mr. Gregor Samsa ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Chapter 2 - It's a Date? Lem had a job. Lem had a good job. He loved his job, which was sometimes a hard thing to come by for someone who never went on to get a higher education. But after 4 years of doing the brunt work, Lem had finally managed to work his way up to head curator at the observatory. His boss had looked upon him kindly after the whole Chuck ordeal was over, figuring that the boy had learned from the experience. Lem took his job with pride, he barely ever missed a day, and at this very moment, he wished desperately that he didn't have to go. A small collection of food sat on the small table in the kitchen. Vera studied it thoughtfully as Lem explained all their different names and, to his best understanding, properties. Chuck seemed more excited to eat all of it rather than learn about it. \"Not so fast, buddy. We need to make sure this won't cause us to convulse and foam at the mouth.\" Vera pointed out, pulling a small, hand-held device out of her bag that she stationed over one of the hovering \"fruits.\" A holographic blue grid appeared over the object, captivating Lem. Chuck just looked miffed. \"Well, it appears to have the same basic ethylene receptor proteins as a common apple. Though it possesses some odd type of magnetic property that I've never seen before. It's almost as if the electrons are creating a much wider magnetic field around the atoms than what we usually experience on Earth, causing it to hover. But that's just a theory. It could be something else entirely.\" Vera concluded, receiving glossy eyes from both men. \"Which means…?\" Chuck held out his hands expectantly. Vera sighed, picking up the fruit and tossing it to him. \"Which means 'knock your self out,' it's harmless, as far as I can see. But just eat the fruits right now. I'm still a little put off by hovering meat.\" After Chuck had successfully gobbled down three whole pieces of fruit, Lem announced that he had to go to work soon. \"It's almost ten. I gotta be to work in half an hour. But I'll try and swing by later.\" He motioned over his shoulder, in the supposed direction of 'work.' Chuck stuck out his bottom lip. \"Aww, you can't play hooky for our first day on the planet? Really? I thought I meant more to you than that.\" He sighed, turning away despondently. \"No!\" Lem all but shouted, receiving questioning glances from Vera and Chuck. \"I mean, it's not that I don't want to be here, it's just I've been doing really well with my job.\" He explained to a still-pouting Chuck and a seemingly uninterested Vera, who continued to analyze the food. \"And I don't want to get fired again because of you.\" He accused, pointing a finger into Chuck's chest. \"Hey, come on. It was for a good cause last time. And everything worked out for the better! You got your girl and your job, right?\" Chuck defended. \"Where is Neera, anyways?\" he asked, looking around as if he expected her to pop out of the walls of their base. \"Oh, she moved to a different town a few years ago.\" Lem shrugged. \"Aw. Sorry dude.\" Chuck patted Lem on the shoulder. \"It's cool. We weren't really… we didn't. We were teenagers. What can you really expect?\" \"Not much.\" Interjected Vera, pulling off a thin slice of meat with tweezers. \"Tell me, Lem, do you guys breed livestock up here? Not to change the subject…\" She looked at Chuck. \"I know it's a fascinating one.\" Chuck stuck out his tongue. \"Yeah, we raise a bunch of different animals to eat. The whole fast food concept has really caught in the past ten years or so. You can probably find plenty of information on it easily… But really, I do have to go to work. I'll come back afterwards! Show you guys around town? I think they're making a public announcement about you guys today, so you should be ok to walk around tonight without too much harassment.\" Lem offered, wringing his hands reflexively. Chuck beamed and nodded vigorously. \"Count me in! This place reminds me of that episode of the Twilight zone where…\" He was cut off by Vera's scoff. Chuck huffed in return. \"Would you like a tour Vera?\" Lem asked, smiling openly. Vera shrugged. \"I'll consider it. There are a lot of things to get done initially. I might have to postpone my tour until a later date. No offence to you, Lem, I'm sue you make a stunning guide, but don't plan on me attending.\" She concluded, her eyes never leaving the microscope slides she was preparing. \"Oh… well that's fine. I understand.\" Lem wasn't sure he wanted her company anyways. She was cold. Unfeeling. The opposite of Chuck. He turned to the man, smiling hopefully. Chuck returned his smile with one of his own signature grins. \"Are you kidding? Miss a personalized Lem tour? I'd love to see the town! Some more… I mean, I saw it last time, but it was kind of blurry seeing I was running for my life.\" Chuck nodded thoughtfully at the memory. \"Count me in.\" He finished, extending a fist. Lem looked at his hand, confused. \"You're supposed to bump my fist with yours. It's like… the high-five of the future. High-four in your case.\" Chuck grinned as Lem complied, laughing. \"Ok. I'll see you later.\" He called over his shoulder, waving as he left. He felt giddy. A whole night of just him and Chuck. He had a feeling it would be hard to concentrate for the rest of the day. \"Well isn't he just a little ball of sunshine.\" Vera commented flatly. Chuck wheeled on her. \"The least you could do is try not to be a complete and total bitch, though I know it's hard for you.\" He spat, crossing his arms as he turned back to watch Lem drive away. \"Oh get over yourself, Charles. We're here on a research mission, not an ice cream social. We're supposed to send back useful research, not crayon drawings of 'Me and My Best Friend Lem.' The natives are doe-eyed and naïve. I can't help it if they piss me off.\" She exhaled, continuing to compose various slides of the different fruits. \"Besides, I don't want to be a cock-block tonight.\" She glanced up with a smirk. Chuck flushed almost a deep purple. \"That's sick! I would never… do such a thing.\" Chuck defended, striding over to the table. Vera's eyebrows rose skeptically. \"Well, you may never do such a thing, but now you're going to be thinking about it all night. Just you and Lem.\" She shot him a toothy grin, much to his chagrin. \"You're some kind of sadist, you know that?\" Chuck ran his hands over his face. \"I don't know how I got shafted with you.\" \"I'm the top fucking scientist at NASA, that's how.\" She hissed. \"Besides, we make a fantastic team, don't you agree?\" Vera paused thoughtfully. \"I wonder if they have the same curse words as us on this planet…?\" \"Don't change the subject.\" Chuck pointed a finger at her face. \"What makes you think that I… feel that way about Lem? Am I doing something I shouldn't be? Am I being too touchy-feely?\" Vera looked up at the sound of legitimate concern in Chuck's voice. She sighed, setting down her scalpel and lacing her fingers beneath her chin. \"Charles, the kid moons over you, no pun intended. And you feed his fire. I don't know how you don't see it.\" She explained, picking up the strange seeds of the fruits. \"I don't know, it just seems… not right. I mean, he's not human. And he likes girls! …As far as I know. Gah.\" Chuck waved his arm through the air in frustration. \"That sounded like a thinly veiled confession to me. So what, he's green? He's 'straight?' That wouldn't stop me… not one bit. In fact, I'd love if you could brief me on their anatomy later.\" She wiggled her eyebrows causing Chuck to groan and cover his face. \"You just had to say something, didn't you?\" He moaned, miserably. Vera simply smiled. \"You'll thank me later. Now go make yourself useful. I need soil samples!\" \"Lem! Lem!\" Skiff called from the entryway. Lem sighed, turning to greet his overly excited friend. \"Hey, man, you know I love your company, but you can't keep coming and bothering me at work like this.\" Lem explained patiently. Skiff grabbed his shoulders and shook him violently. \"Is it true? Is it really true!? Have humans come back? Is Chuck here?\" He asked all in one breath. Lem motioned for him to calm down. \"Take a breath buddy. Yeah, Chuck's here. And he's with a human female…\" \"A FEMALE!? Oh wow…\" Skiff seemed to swoon. Lem simply rolled his eyes. \"But dude, when can I see Chuck? Rover's going to flip! Man… this is so exciting. I can't believe they came back!\" Skiff began to jog in place. \"Skiff you're gonna have to calm down.\" Lem chuckled. \"They're on an actual mission this time. Chuck has… stuff to do. He doesn't have time to run around with us.\" \"What? Come on! We're like… BFFs. He'll definitely make time for you , at least.\" Skiff pointed out, crossing his arms in annoyance. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Lem asked, eyes narrowing. \"Oh come on, you guys were so buddy-buddy. I was always the one fascinated with aliens and he picks you to be his best friend. I mean he practically kissed you…\" Skiff recounted, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. \"What! That was… he was giving me tips on how to get Neera! It was the heat of the moment! You just came in at the wrong time. But that's not the point.\" Lem interjected, his pulse pounding in his ears. \"And, as usual, you've successfully distracted me from my work. Thanks. Don't you have some comics to read?\" Skiff scowled before slowly turning to walk away. \"Whatever. Alien or not, don't try to deny it man. You cannot escape destiny! Destin-\" He was cut off as the door closed behind him. Lem sighed, now even more nervous and distracted than before. The night came swiftly. Lem had done some lame prepping for his 'date' with Chuck. He wasn't sure if he should wear cologne, considering it might not smell the same to a human. He fussed over what shirt to wear before finally settling on a blue collared one, which he decidedly hated after he had already driven down three blocks. Finally, he pulled up to the human's base camp to find Chuck sitting at the entrance of the ship. He broke in to a grin as he saw Lem approach, waving enthusiastically. Lem breathed out slowly. He had to act normal. He had to act normal. Because this was normal. Right? Chuck jogged around the car, hopping in the other side. He was wearing casual clothes as opposed to the regulation NASA jump suit. Lem took a moment to admire that fact. \"Alright, let's get this party started!\" Chuck exclaimed, rubbing his hands together. \"What's first?\" He looked at Lem hopefully. Lem smiled sheepishly. \"Well, I thought maybe just a simple tour first… car tour. Then maybe you can try one of our restraints?\" He asked, really hoping it didn't sound like a date so far. Chuck rubbed his belly in response. \"I wouldn't mind doing the whole eating thing first. If that's cool with you? I could eat a horse.\" He shot Lem an award-winning smile, causing Lem's insides to melt. \"Fine by me! But once again, I'm lost on your Earth idioms.\" He puffed out, turning the car around to take off down the dirt road, the nervousness dissipating slightly. Dinner turned out to be somewhat distracting. Chuck ended up being a public spectacle for the people in the small diner. People were coming up asking to shake his hand, touch his hair, have pictures taken with him. Lem spent most of the experience with his head in his hands. After about fifteen minutes of photo shoots, Chuck pulled Lem off to the side. \"You wanna get out of here?\" He asked quietly, ignoring one man's request to pose in a picture with him. Lem nodded gratefully. A small crowd followed them to the car, proclaiming \"take me with you!\" to Chuck. \"I'm so sorry about that.\" Lem exhaled, locking the car doors as people left greasy fingerprints on his windows. \"Hey, no problem. I'm used to it. The paparazzi back home was crazy about my story when I got back.\" Chuck seemed to reminisce for a moment. \"But hey, don't let it ruin the night. Let's get on with the tour!\" Lem proceeded to drive Chuck around the small town, pointing out all the hot spots like the movie theater, the bowling ally, the drive ins where pretty young girls served you on roller skates. Chuck seemed enthralled, easing Lem back into the comfort of their casual conversations. He listened eagerly as Chuck explained the current Earth culture in relation to Lem's and how weird the similarities were. Soon, they had been driving around talking for over an hour. Finally, Lem pulled up to the observatory; their last stop on the edge of town. \"Ah, how appropriate.\" Mused Chuck, beginning to get out of the car. Lem followed, smiling. \"I figured why not end the night where we first met, right?\" He explained, smiling coyly. Chuck smirked. \"How romantic, Lem! I never took you for the sentimental type.\" He exclaimed, walking towards the door, oblivious to the flush that spread across Lem's face. They made their way to the top story of the observatory, moving towards the large window at the top of the staircase. Carefully, they climbed out onto the roof. The sun had just finished setting, leaving the planet to cool down in the soft twilight that followed. Chuck inhaled loudly, placing his arms on his hips. Lem subconsciously pulled at the edge of his shirt. \"Did you feel bad? Leaving Earth again, I mean…\" Lem asked curiously, curling his knees up to his chest as he gazed up at the sky. Chuck smiled into the night, moving to sit down. Lem followed. \"Naw… I mean, every mission has a chance of something going wrong. My job is dangerous. But I knew it'd be worth it.\" He gazed over at Lem, smiling fondly. Lem's eyed darted away as he cleared his throat. \"I'd love to see your planet.\" Lem commented quietly. \"I bet it's awesome.\" Chuck reached over to lay a hand on his shoulder, his smile lopsided. \"Well, maybe one day you can.\" They sat there in silence for a few minutes, simply gazing up into the slowly darkening sky. Finally Lem turned towards the human beside him. \"I have a weird question, but just… humor me.\" He prepped. Chuck nodded, curious, motioning for him to go on. \"Ok… right. Can I…. touch your hair?\" Lem seemed to squeeze out. Chuck laughed heartily, causing Lem to flush and hit him on the shoulder. \"Well… sure! Knock yourself out. People barely asked tonight.\" He said, leaning his head towards Lem to give him better access. Lem smiled sheepishly, reaching a hand up tentatively, pausing before swiftly running a hand across Chuck's head before retracting. Chuck pulled back, confused. \"That was it? Really?\" Chuck asked skeptically. Lem rolled his eyes before reaching his hand back up to roll a few strands between his fingertips. \"It's so soft. It makes no sense.\" He mused aloud. Chuck smiled, pulling away to look at Lem. \"Is that a bad thing?\" he asked, flashing a charming grin. Lem flushed noticeably. Realizing that he had just fallen into his usual routine of flirting, Chuck immediately sat up. \"You know, it's getting kind of late. I….should probably get back to camp.\" He nodded curtly, moving to stand. \"Really? I mean, that's fine. It's been a busy day, I know. I just thought…\" Lem trailed off. How did he expect the evening to end? He felt Chuck's hand on his shoulder. \"Hey, I'm here for a whole month. No worries.\" He smiled fondly at Lem. The walked silently back to the car, driving off in the direction of the camp, both relatively quiet. I value your opinion! Please review![Chapter 3] Hello Gentle Readers! Long time no see, yes? Terribly sorry. I've been so busy that I haven't been to a party in weeks. I've been so busy that I had to end my current relationship. I think I've lost weight. But never fear... Spring Break is here! I've really been wanting to write this chapter for a while, so it's nice to finally get it out of my head. I hope it satisfies. I'd really like to thanks some of my reviewers for motivating me to write this next chapter. The ones who really made me get off my ass are Fenfic, Randomstrike, and Ryhn. Thanks for such thoughtful reviews. SO glad you like the story. But please... if you're going to review asking for more sex or a makeout scene, don't waste your time. It's rude and I'll ignore it. I'm trying to write a story with plot development and interesting characters. If you want a one-shot, I'm sure you can find some out there. Thanks again. Hope you enjoy this chapter! The chapter title is from a quote that reads \"The more I see of men, the more I admire dogs.\" Chapter 3 - The More I Admire Dogs Vera tapped a finger against her chin thoughtfully several times before pressing the record button on her data pad. \"Science Officer Vera Hawes. Supplementary log. After a period of merely five days, the local inhabitants have blindly accepted our trust. Their eagerness, as unsettling as it may be, has proven useful as far as gathering valuable information. Though their apparent energy source still manages to baffle me, I feel as though I'm getting closer to a breakthrough. There are some very interesting magnetic patterns showing up in the crust. I only wish that they had the technology to help us dig down deeper. The inhabitants seem to be in a technological eddy, showing little to no interest in furthering their lifestyle.\" She lifter her finger off the button momentarily, thoughtfully gazing out of the small window of her private bunk in the cramped space pod. For a moment, the desert didn't seem so different from those back home. Vera closed her eyes and continued. \"These people are so naïve that I can't help but feel that we are taking advantage of them. They could never comprehend the full extent of our mission, nor do I possess the skills to communicate to them the problem we face on Earth. Though I know it's probably nothing to write home about, I can't shake the feeling that we might be biting off more than we can chew.\" She bit her lip as she saved the log in her personal folder. At that moment, the curtain that separated her from the rest of the compartment was roughly drawn back to reveal a grinning Chuck-face. \"Vera, are you talking to yourself again?\" he asked, batting his eyes innocently. She answered his question with a sour stare. \"Charles, what have I told you about interrupting me in the middle of logs?\" she asked, her voice placid as she shifted to tuck her data pad back into its case. Chuck looked contemplative for a moment. \"That it'll result in a punch in the gut?\" he offered, swiftly dodging a foot aimed at his abdominals. \"Ha ha! Missed me!\" he teased, trotting out of their sleeping quarters. Vera couldn't help but smile, hopping down off the bed to follow him out the door. Outside it was a beautiful day, by any planet's standards. It had put Chuck in a particularly chipper mood, causing him to need more physical activity than usual. He took to running laps around their camp until Lem got off of work, humming happily to himself. Even Vera didn't go unaffected by the weather. She brought out a few of the science books the local library had given her and picked a sunny spot to attempt some metric conversions. As much as she loathed admitting it, the natives had really started to grow on here. They were doe-eyed and stupid, but she could definitely pick up the charm Chuck had ranted about back on Earth. She tried not to watch her partner too closely, but she couldn't help but notice how casually he and Lem were able to interact. It was as if there was no difference between them at all. Lem accepted Chuck's corny sense of humor, ADHD tendencies, and atrocious attempts at flirting without question or doubt. Chuck did an exemplary job of making Lem feel like someone who mattered, including him in every excursion they took and doting on him night and day. It was getting to the point of sickly sweetness, especially when they had to bid each other farewell in the evenings. The only relief from the romantic comedy came during her various conversations with General Grawl. He came almost every day, insisting that she keep him updated on every aspect of their mission. He fascinated her to no end. He was stoic and practically emotionless in comparison to the rest of his people, yet he retained the child-like wonder so intrinsic in his race. He had her repeat things over and over until he understood them to the best of his ability. It was amusing to hold conversations with him. He tried harder than anyone she had ever known to understand Earth culture. Once Vera accidentally let herself smile at his confusion. \"Is there something you find amusing, Miss Hawes?\" he all but growled. She attempted to wipe her face clean of emotion. \"No, not at all, General. I would never attempt to make light of our conversations. I find them to be of the utmost importance,\" She retorted, unable to stop her lip from curling. \"Don't patronize me.\" He scolded, a small glimmer of humor in his eyes. \"Never would I dream of doing such a thing.\" She promised with a small smirk. ********** \"Leeem…\" Chuck groaned dramatically. \"I'm bored.\" He concluded, resting his chin on top of his knees. The sat under a particularly large tree in the park where Chuck's ship had initially landed, merely enjoying the evening as the sun began to set. People still stopped to stare at Chuck, but the request for pictures and autographs had died down. Lem assumed Chuck was a little depressed in the afterglow. \"Sorry. This town kind of goes to bed at 6:00. The only things still open are a few bars and the movie theater.\" Lem attempted to suggest. Chuck sat up right. \"Holy crap, you guys have bars? Why didn't I ask you that earlier!?\" Chuck exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air. \"I gotta try some of the local brew.\" He declaired, grinning widely as he rubbed his hands together mischievously. Lem shrugged, smiling at his never-failing enthusiasm. \"As long as it doesn't make you sick.\" He sighed. \"It is so cute how you care about my health.\" Chuck mused, receiving a half-hearted punch on the shoulder. The Gralfong Bar was buzzing with excitement over their alien guest. The hazy, informal atmosphere was warm and welcoming. It wasn't a sleazy bar like some of the ones back on earth, it was merely a place for business men to go after a long day of work to loosen their ties and roll up their sleeves. It had good food and pretty bar tenders. Everyone was overjoyed at Chuck's willingness to exchange bar stories from his home planet. The place was roaring with laughter and conversation by the end of the night. Drink after drink was on the house, leaving Chuck and Lem with no choice but to accept. Soon, they were both slurring their words. \"Seriously, Lem… you gotta come to Earth. It is just… the bee's knees.\" Chuck laid a heavy hand on Lem's shoulders. \"I don't think I can come to Earth, Chuck… it's really,,, really far away.\" Lem reasoned, one of his eyes half closed. \"What? No…no….. naw… it's not that far.\" Chuck scrunched up his nose, waving a hand in front of his face. \"It's like… a hop, skip, and a jump.\" He pantomimed. \"I seriously doubt that.\" Lem chuckled, downing another shot of some pale blue liquor, the name of which escaped him at the moment. He hissed as the liquid burned its way down his throat. The room was starting to spin. \"How many drinks have we had exactly?\" Chuck asked absently. Lem shrugged. Or he thought he shrugged, but then again, he couldn't really feel his shoulders. Or his cheeks. Or his tongue. \"Enough… to get the job done.\" He managed to slur out. Chucked let out a giggle-snort before collapsing onto the bar in front of him. \"Oh holy shit, I cannot go back to base like this… Vera would kill me twice over.\" He mumbled into the wood. Lem leaned over, resting a hand on Chuck's back. \"Charles, my friend, my house is your house.\" He assured. Chuck let out a series of giggles before lifting his head. \"Don't call me Charles. Formality doesn't look good on you.\" The two managed to stumble their way seven blocks back to Lem's apartment, holding on to each other for support and failing miserably. Lem almost fell into the bushes a few times causing both to irrupt into obnoxious laughter. Chuck reminisced loudly about his college days for most of the walk back, Lem listening as best he could. Finally, after falling into hysterics over the fact that Lem couldn't find the right key out of three whole keys on his key ring, Chuck found himself face down on Lem's bed. \"It feels like the room is rocking back and forth.\" He said, his words muffled by the sheets. He felt the mattress give as Lem crawled up beside him, flopping down and cuddling into his side. Chuck turned so that his arm draped around the small, green man that pressed into his chest. They fell asleep with the lights on. ********* Vera glanced down at her watch impatiently, pursing her lips as she scanned the horizon line. \"They should have been back hours ago.\" She complained, tight lipped. General Grawl straightened his uniform out of habit. \"If you would like, we can stay with you until Captain Baker returns.\" He offered, glancing over at the two officers that accompanied him. They seemed to be having a hard time staying awake, as they both leaned into each other for support. He sighed, smoothing back his follicles. \"The least I can do is offer to keep you company.\" \"Though I appreciate the sentiment, I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself.\" She chided, turning and striding back towards the base. Grawl followed her closely. \"I most certainly was not implying that you needed assistance of any kind. I was just offering to…\" \"I understand your offer, General, and I am abundantly grateful that you would waste your time to keep me entertained, but I'm sure there are other more important things to occupy your time than babysitting an alien.\" She concluded, moving through the doorway and into the small kitchen to put some water on the boil. Grawl stood awkwardly a few feet away. \"I can assure you that… no, not really.\" He trailed off, averting his eyes. Vera raised an eyebrow at the informality. \"Would you like some tea, General Grawl?\" She offered, reaching into a small cupboard to retrieve some mugs. \"I would like that very much.\" He affirmed, moving to sit down at the small kitchen table. \"Is your culture matriarchal?\" he asked, studying the human closely. She let out a sound of amusement. \"Far from it General.\" Came the flat reply. \"Please, call me Grawl.\" Vera paused, looking over her shoulder to eye the man skeptically. \"Grawl it is then. What made you ask?\" \"You seem to be the one giving out all the orders. Strong women are a… uh, rarity on our planet.\" He arranged and rearranged the salt and pepper shakers as he spoke. \"I'll take that as a compliment.\" Vera decided, dropping the tea bags into the mugs before pouring the boiling water overtop. \"No, no. Women are just as oppressed back on my planet as they are here. They may plead gender equality but we have to work twice as hard at something to be considered as good as any man.\" \"Hence the overcompensation.\" Grawl mused under his breath. \"I beg your pardon?\" Vera's voice was icy. \"Nothing. Nothing at all. I think you do an excellent job. You're far more authoritative than half the officers in my squadron. We could use someone like you in the military.\" He offered, puffing up his chest. \"Thanks but no thanks. I'm much more of a \"tread softly, carry a big stick\" kind of gal. I've never really been one for going into things guns blazing and all that. I leave that up to my government-run military back home. I just pray they won't get more involved in this mission than they already are.\" Vera bit her tongue after those last words as she saw Grawl visibly straighten. \"This is not purely a scientific mission?\" he asked, his voice reverting to the harsh professionalism he usually used. Vera casually took a sip of tea. \"I won't lie to you Grawl, there are things about this mission they are keeping from me. Just don't let your guard down. Believe me, Charles and I are no threat to your planet or your people, but I can't say the same for my planetary government.\" She took a breath, holding it in for a moment before continuing. \"My planet is dying. It has been dying for years and we're running out of options. My mission is to gather information on energy resources. My concern is that my government is going to want more than just information. They're very much the 'tangible' type.\" Grawl remained silent, staring intently at a spot on the table, trying to take in what was just said. \"Should we be worried?\" he asked finally, looking up to meet her gaze. Vera shrugged. \"It's just a theory. But it's a theory based off of past tendencies. I wouldn't rally the troops just yet, but your people are so young compared to mine. Your innocence may betray you. I don't want to see that happen.\" She assured quietly into her mug before taking another sip. Grawl took a moment to compose himself before he spoke again. \"Thank you Miss Hawes. I appreciate your concern on the matter.\" \"Please, call me Vera.\" She offered, looking up at him with a small smile. To this she received the closet thing to a smile yet as Grawl's lip twitched slightly. \"Vera it is then.\" ************ Lem was vaguely aware of his surroundings. He knew he was in his own bed, his left arm was numb, and he was aware of something warms pressed against his back. A few moments later he came to the startling realization that he was spooning with Captain Charles T. Baker. He felt Chuck's weird nose-breathing on top of his head, the man's right arm curled tightly around his waist. Lem weighed the pros and cons of the situations and decided that he would be completely content to stay where he was if he didn't feel like he needed to throw up. Gingerly, Lem attempted to sit up, twisting his body so that he could slide out of Chuck's arms. He paused momentarily, however, when this brought him face-to-face with the sleeping human. Suddenly Lem really didn't feel like moving. The last time he was this close to Chuck was during their awkward tango those many years ago. Back then his inane crush hadn't even had time to fully develop. He reached up and softly touched Chuck's face. He soon regretted the action as Chuck shifted, smiling warmly at the touch as he reflexively pulled Lem on top of him. One hand moved seductively down Lem's back as the other moved to his neck, pulling him closer. Lem made a horribly undignified noise as a shiver ran down his spine. He pressed against Chuck's chest to try and make him stop. God he wanted this more than anything, but he knew Chuck didn't know what was going on in his sleepy haze. Chuck cracked his eyes open slightly, still smiling. His smile immediately vanished as he was confronted with an anxiety-ridden Lem. He immediately let go, shoving himself away so forcefully that he toppled off the other side of the bed. \"Chuck!\" Lem called out, jumping across the bed to look over the side. The man was sprawled out on the floor looking still mildly confused and abashed. \"Lem I'm really sorry… I hope I didn't… oh, my head.\" He reached up to grab the side of his scalp. Lem reached a hand down. \"Don't… worry. Shift happens.\" He smiled sadly with a nervous laugh. \"I didn't mind.\" He added before he could stop himself. Chuck grinned, grabbing Lem's outstretched hand. \"Oh you didn't did you? You have a thing for being man-handled by hung-over humans?\" he asked cheekily. Lem only blushed slightly. \"What can I say, I had a rough childhood?\" he offered, eliminating any tension that still remained as Chuck sniggered under his breath. \"The spooning was kinda nice.\" He mused. \"But man, I feel like I got run over by a rhinoceros.\" \"A what?\" \"A large animal with big feet and a huge horn growing out the top of its head.\" Lem looked terrified at the description. Chuck laughed hoarsely. \"I need some water.\" He croaked. \"Same here. Coming right up!\" Lem scampered off the bed, soon realizing that he was still relatively hung over and fast movements were a bad idea. Chuck slowly moved to get back up on the bed, propping himself up against the headboard, closing his eyes. He waited patiently for Lem to return, running the events of last night through his head. He clearly remembered having one of the best times of his life. Was Lem really ok with all the physical affection he had accidentally shown? Well then, might as well go with the flow. Lem returned carrying two glasses of water, handing one to Chuck as he sat on the edge of the bed to drink his own. \"So, I think I can deal with the death threats from Miss Science Officer later and take a few hours to recuperate. Do you support my decision?\" Chuck asked, peering overtop of his glass to look at Lem, who nodded in response. \"I think that's a fair argument. You have to be on top of your game, after all.\" Lem strengthened the argument. \"Yeah, I think there may have to be more spooning involved.\" Chuck stroked his chin thoughtfully. Lem almost spit his water out. He looked up at the man who sprawled so casually in his bed with a coy smile on his face. \"As long as it's what the doctor ordered.\" He agreed not so reluctantly, setting his water down and crawling over towards Chuck. He settled underneath Chucks arm, one hand places nervously on the man's chest. His stomach did somersaults for the rest of their day. I value your opinion! ~ Mr. Gregor Samsa[Chapter 4] Oh my readers. I'm really sorry it's taken so long to update! I literally just got home from college two days ago. Sat down and wrote this entire chapter today. Sorry it's short, but I kept getting distracted by my guitar who would not stop giving me \"the look.\" Anyways, though short it may be, this is good because it got the gears turning again. I'm back on track (for the most part). So hopefully that means I can pump out another chapter (or two, cross your fingers) relatively soon. All the really positive and loving reviews helped immensely in completing this one. Thanks so much for sticking with me! These characters are a lot of fun to play with. Hope you're enjoying it as much as I am! Gregor Also, as a side note, sorry about the confusing formatting. It appears that my Word formatting doesn't transfer to very well. I'm going to try and make it easier to read from now on. Chapter 4 - Pile of Rocks \"Where the HELL have you been?\" Vera spat from her bunk as Chuck stumbled into the room. He grinned in return. \"Socializing with the natives?\" he offered weakly. This got him an eye-roll. \"Well, I've had to entertain General Grawl while you've been out and I think I succeeded in scaring the living daylights out of him. Houston has been sending us non-stop transmissions. They're being horribly impatient and so far we have nothing!\" Vera threw down the book she'd been studying. \"And not to mention these 'science books' are absolutely worthless. These people are… backwards!\" she exhaled loudly, falling back onto her pillow. \"Hey! They aren't backwards… they're just underdeveloped.\" Chuck half-mumbled, delicately picking through his limited clothing selection. \"Besides, I'm sure if you sent a detailed report explaining…\" \"I've tried that, Charles.\" Vera interjected. \"They're getting restless down there! I'm starting to get worried they're going to pull out the big guns.\" This made Chuck pause. He knew why she was worried, but it hadn't hit him until now that they may be in deeper than he previously anticipated. \"We just need to send them something conclusive.\" Chuck nodded, looking back over his shoulder. \"What about the… uh… rain? Those rocks that fall from the sky. Have you taken samples?\" he offered, closing his drawer and turning around. Vera was silent. \"No, actually, I got so caught up in the floating food… I'll go do that now. Would you mind going and collecting some more? I don't know where they dump them. Get Lem to help you if you don't know.\" Vera shot him a lop-sided smile. \"Go. Socialize. But for god's sake, make yourself useful.\" Chuck pouted after her as she left their cramped quarters. \"I'm useful.\" He protested. Lem could barely focus at work. His mind was buzzing. It was humiliating. Snuggling had gotten him all riled up. Snuggling! He felt girlier than Skiff in drag. That was an awkward series of events. \"LEM!\" Speak of the devil. Lem quickly tried to busy himself with something. \"Hey Skiff. I see you're here to annoy me at work, once again.\" Lem sighed, turning his back to file astrological charts. \"So, I saw you and Chuck hanging out last night at the bar.\" Skiff blurted. Lem felt his face growing hot. He made sure to keep his back turned. \"Yeah? So what? He wanted to see the town and all that…\" Lem explained, studying the charts in his hand very intensely. \"Why didn't you invite me? You never invite me anywhere anymore! I thought we were buds?\" Skiff complained loudly, grabbing his ears in a fit of anxiety. Lem winced. It was true he hadn't been devoting the usual amount of time to hanging out with his friend. He suddenly felt selfish that he had been keeping Skiff out of the loop. He sighed, putting the charts down, the feeling of defeat settling in his stomach. \"Skiff, listen, I'm sorry I've been busy lately… it's just…\" \"I know, you're still bummed about Neera.\" Skiff interrupted. \"No! No that's not it! But now you think I'm lying because of my vehement denial.\" Lem sighed, reading Skiff's haughty expression. \"If you'd just hear me out. It's not Neera… it's Chuck. You see…\" Lem looked up to see if Skiff was reading between the lines at all. He was only met with naïve eyes looking more confused than ever. There was no way to explain this delicately. \"I have a thing for Chuck.\" Lem winced as Skiff's eyes grew into large disks. \"WHAT? Is that even LEGAL!\" he shouted, waving his arms around wildly. \"I was totally kidding about the whole 'Destiny' thing! Wait. Is that considered bestiality? Bestiality is waaaay against park regulations!\" Skiff's antennae flopped back and forth as he shook his head. \"Skiff. Calm down.\" Lem scowled. \" He's not an animal.\" \"But he's got that weird thing in the middle of his face!\" \"Skiff, that's not the point. You wanted to know the truth, so now you know!\" Lem semi-shouted, spinning around to return to his work. \"Just… go. I knew you'd make a big deal out of it.\" Skiff brooded behind Lem for a moment before speaking again. \"Listen, man, I'm not gonna stop being your friend or anything, but come on! Can you blame me for being a little weirded out?\" he pressed. Lem smiled a little. \"No. Honestly, I'm even more weirded out.\" He confessed with a breathy laugh. Skiff grinned. \"Dude, why don't you stop by the comic book store after you're done here and we can… casually chat about emotions and other stuff.\" Skiff twirled his finger around in the air. \"Just sit around and talk about our feelings?\" Lem laughed. \"That's girly.\" \"You're the one into a dude…\" Skiff pointed out casually, receiving a punch in the shoulder. They laughed, easing any previous tension. It suddenly felt like a ton of pressure had been lifted off of Lem's shoulders. Everything was right with the world. \"There is nothing right in this world, Vera.\" Grawl mused. \"We live fleeting lives filled with noise and pleasure, but all for what? We all rot in the ground in the end.\" \"You always give the most uplifting speeches.\" Vera commented without lifting her head from the microscope. \"It may not be pleasant, but it's true.\" Grawl mumbled under his breath, moving to sip his tea. It was then that Chuck skittered into the cramped base with an arm full of rocks. \"Special delivery!\" he proclaimed joyfully, dumping the rocks unceremoniously onto the table. \"Couple of pounds of rain for you there.\" Chuck explained, puffing his chest out proudly. \"Charles! You're being helpful! I think there is a god…\" she told Grawl with a nod. \"Hey, here's an idea: stop being an ass hole, tell me what else you need me to do.\" Chuck pouted, causing Grawl to cough suspiciously into his mug. \"Aww… well you can always go check the transmissions. They've probably sent us fifty by now. And don't just pretend to listen to them. Take notes.\" Vera ordered, inspecting one of the \"rain rocks\" and carefully scraping off small particles into a glass tube. Chuck sighed and meandered over to the controls, grabbing a DATApad off the counter before plopping himself in front of the multitude of screens. Headphones on, he was soon oblivious to everything else. Grawl turned back to Vera. \"I feel like you work too much. You've barely gotten to see our town.\" He commented, fidgeting with a few buttons on his jacket. \"You'll have to forgive me if I've been impolite, it's not my intention. I'm just doing my job.\" She explained, slightly annoyed. \"It's not that I don't expect you to do your job, it's just aren't you at all curious about our way of life? About us?\" Grawl implored. This gave Vera pause. She stared intensely at the rock in her hand for a moment before her eyes trailed up to meet Grawl's; eyes filled with life and curiosity, experiences and feelings. Life. She looked back at the rock, which remained just that. Damn. She thought to herself, smiling and shaking her head. Had she really been that stupid? \"What time?\" she asked, continuing to smile. \"Peg your pardon?\" \"What time do you want to show me around the town? Y'know, get to know the locals, interact with living things.\" She elaborated, glancing up and smiling coyly. Grawl straightened, clearing his throat. \"Are you free this evening?\" he asked. Vera laughed lightly. This was crazy. \"Yeah. Sure. Free as a bird.\" Lem and Skiff sat in the back room of the comic book store, leaning up against the shelves. Lem could see the sun beginning to set through the window shades. \"So let me get this straight. You SPOONED?\" Skiff slapped his hands against the sides of his face. Rover did a few back flips beside him. \"A little?\" Lem confessed, blushing. \"Whoa, Lem, whoa. Not only is that really funny, but you're getting in pretty deep man! I mean, where do you think this is gonna go?\" Lem sighed, feeling suddenly exhausted. This was the other thing that had been weighing on his mind all day. What exactly did he expect out of this? In the back of his mind he knew that Chuck would eventually go back to Earth. There was no getting around that. \"I don't know Skiff, I really don't. I'm trying not to think too far ahead into the future. I'm just gonna roll with the punches for the time being.\" He concluded. \"Okay, man, I just don't wanna see you all sad and stuff when this all ends.\" Skiff warned, patting Rover's head to calm him down. \"You and me both.\" Lem mumbled under his breath. I value your opinion! Hopefully a new (and longer) chapter will be up soon![Chapter 5] Hey guys! Sorry for the prolonged absence. I was overseas doing some studying. I turned in my last piece of homework for the program yesterday, so I thought I'd celebrate with a little writing! So here it is, my smut-tastic chapter of RtP51. This was really fun to write, and I'd like to thank MoonGoddessSerenity for being my beta this time. Hopefully there will be less mistakes. Anyhoo, enjoy the read! But I'm not promising consistant updates anymore. Going back to school on Saturday. Cheers! ~Gregor Chapter 5 - Mingling of the Astraeus \"Okay, I'm leaving a list of things you can do tonight while I'm gone… though I'm sure you won't.\" \"Hey, you know what they say about assuming.\" Chuck grinned at Vera's turned back from his bunk. \"I can't believe you're putting on makeup.\" He jeered. Vera glared at him over her shoulder, mascara tube in hand. \"I can't believe I actually brought makeup! I don't know what I was thinking.\" She huffed, despite leaning forward into the mirror to put it on. \"Besides, it's just mascara. I don't want to look like a complete slob.\" She justified under her breath. Chuck rolled onto his back, laughing into his hands. \"My god, we're all xenophiles !\" he exclaimed. Vera shrugged. \"Could be worse. Could be necrophilia. But speaking of xenophiles, you invited Lem over to keep you company right?\" she asked, stepping back and straightening her top. \"Why does that have to be 'speaking of'?\" Chuck whined. Vera simply grinned, snatching up her clutch. \"I have my communicator with me if something happens. Hopefully you'll be able to keep things together for at least a couple of hours.\" Chuck stuck his tongue out as she climbed down out of their cabin. Vera paused on the last rung, peeking over the edge, almost looking as though she was at a loss of things to say. She opened and closed her mouth twice before half smiling. \"Have a good evening.\" She said finally, with a curt nod. Chuck saluted her, watching the top of her head disappear into the lower cabin. He sighed, snaking his hands beneath his head and lacing his fingers. As much as he hated to admit it, he definitely had a rough outline of what he expected to happen tonight. The only hole in his devilish plot was the end. He was almost banking on Vera coming back just in time to interrupt anything that might be getting \"too heavy,\" as Chuck liked to put it. Glancing down at his watch he noted that Lem should be arriving in a couple of minutes. Inhaling deeply, Chuck pushed himself up off his bed, swung his legs over the side, and gracelessly stumbled over to the exit. Lem sat outside, still in his car, banging his head repeatedly against the steering wheel. There had been so much intense flirting in the past few days that his head was swimming with possible transgressions that might take place tonight. This caused him to bead his head more furiously. He knew what he wanted. He had no idea how to achieve it. He brought a bottle of alcohol along just in case he lost his nerve. Lem finally stopped his self-inflicted punishment for a moment, only to look up and see two large, blue eyes staring at him through the window. \"Hey there buddy. Doing some meditating?\" Chuck asked with a nervous laugh. Lem let his head hit the steering wheel one last time before grabbing his bottle 'o booze and stepping out of the car. \"I was just helping myself think.\" Lem explained with a lop-sided smile, handing Chuck the bottle. \"Ooh! What's this?\" he mused gleefully, snatching up the bottle to inspect the label. \"Alien Booze!\" he exclaimed loudly, throwing his hands up in the air. \"How'd you know?\" he asked with a sniffle, holding the bottle close to his chest as he nuzzled the top of Lem's head like an overgrown cat. Lem flushed only slightly, batting him away, laughing happily. \"Are you gonna nuzzle me, or are we gonna get drunk?\" Lem asked with a grin as they began to walk towards the base. \"Oh, my friend, we aren't not just getting drunk, we are getting shwastey !\" Chuck all but sang. \"Shwasty?\" \"It's… uh… it's a college term. Mash up between \"shit faced\" and \"wasted.\" Came the dutiful, almost proud explanation. \"Shit faced?\" After reaching the base and having a few more flippant conversations of college terminology, Lem found himself planted on a makeshift couch in front of a very large computer. \"Okay! So, in lieu of past events, I am going to educate you on some good, old-fashioned Earth sci-fi!\" Chuck exclaimed excitedly, spinning around to face the computer screen. \"Don't tell Vera I'm using this as a movie player.\" He mumbled over his shoulder, fingers working quickly over the keyboard. \"But before I left Earth, I was banking on seeing you again.\" Chuck explained. Lem felt his cheeks get hot, and he laughed out of embarrassment. \"So before they stuffed me back into a spaceship, I managed to put a couple of movies on my personal computer. Movies that you HAD to see in order to understand the tongue-and-cheek humor presented in our poorly formed plot.\" \"What?\" \"What?\" \"Never mind.\" \"So anyways.\" Chuck cleared his throat. \"I humbly present… E.T.!\" He announced, slamming a finger down on the keyboard dramatically. He quickly launched backwards to land next to Lem on the makeshift couch. \"Oh, and we're going to make a drinking game out of this.\" Chuck explained carefully as the opening credits began to roll. \"Every time ET makes a funny noise, you have to take a shot.\" \"What kind of rule is that?\" Lem asked with a huff, pouring himself his first shot. \"Just… you'll know what I mean. Watch.\" \"I trust the food is to your liking?\" Grawl asked, taking a sip of his drink. Vera smiled, trying to appear as delicate and graceful as possible while attempting to cut her floating food. \"It's delicious. Thank you.\" She responded automatically, taking a bite of the orange sphere that was hovering near her fork. Grawl raised an eyebrow. \"Delicious? That's it? No scientific analysis, no insatiable wit?\" He chided. Vera let out a strained laugh. \"Well, in all honesty, it's been a little difficult to eat with the entire restaurant staring at me since we arrived.\" She explained, glancing over her shoulder. The other customers seemed to shift all at once, turning back to one another to continue eating and talking loudly. Grawl dabbed at the corner of his mouth before placing his napkin on the table. \"Would you prefer to go some place more private?\" He asked, his voice no more than a low rumble. It was Vera's turn to raise an eyebrow. Without another word, they both rose from the table. Grawl slapped a few bills down to cover the meal and they both made their way towards the door. Vera had no idea where \"some place more private\" might be, but she found herself unable to protest when that place turned out to be just outside the back entrance of the local military base. Vera found herself being slammed up against the wall, immediately lost in the struggle for dominance. It was quite possibly one of the fiercest, most unbridled kisses she'd ever experienced. Lips and teeth fought against each other as hands grappled and explored, far too greedy for their own good. Vera found her hands tangled in Grawl's weird, spongy hair, pulling him against her more fiercely. Somehow, one of Grawl's legs found itself firmly planted between Vera's. In response, she rolled her body against his seductively, breaking the kiss to let out one of her best soft moans right into Grawl's sensitive ears. She smiled wickedly as she felt Grawl's whole body grow rigid, his grip on her waist tightening as he bit down hard on her neck with a low groan. It was too much. \"Inside. Now.\" Vera commanded. \"I don't know how this'll work, but we are going to make this work, god damn it.\" She assured, running one hand beneath the brim of Grawl's collar and down his back, the other hand groping blindly for the door handle. Grawl looked a little bit like a lost puppy, eyes wide with a hint of disappointment at the sudden stop. He nodded curtly and followed her inside. It was like the procession of sexual frustration. The two stomped pass a multitude of soldiers who looked confused and oblivious. Finally, they reached Grawl's private quarters, which they entered silently, and slammed the door. The movie rolled by slowly at first, in the traditional Spielberg way. In the beginning Lem seemed to \"ooh\" and \"aah\" over all the same things ET did. Soon, Lem realized what Chuck meant by \"funny noises.\" Several shots later, the funny noises became a lot funnier. At some point over the course of the first half hour of the movie, Lem found his fingers laced with Chucks. Finally Lem couldn't help it. He let out something akin to a giggle-snort, covering his face with his free hand. \"What the hell would you do if I was that ugly?\" he laughed, rolling towards Chuck a bit. Chuck screwed his eyes shut, letting out a guffaw. \"Can we stick to real life, and not think about the what ifs? No offence to ET, but he's a total turn off. Especially in drag.\" This got several hee-haws out of Lem and Chuck both (after Chuck explained what \"drag\" meant). Once the two had quieted down, Lem turned to look at Chuck, their faces close. The booze in Lem's system had blocked his discretion long ago. There for he had no problem saying what was on his mind. \"So does that mean I'm a turn on?\" he asked through half-lidded eyes. Chuck almost seemed at a loss for words for a moment. He blinked stupidly twice before recovering. He whipped out his award winning smiled and leaned in a little closer. \"Are you kidding? You're the cutest green guy I know.\" He assured before leaning in for a tentative kiss. It was a slow, drunk kind of kiss, tongues dancing lazily back and forth. Soon it picked up in pace. Lem felt himself being rolled onto his back as Chuck began to put more effort into his ministrations. Soon everything became rushed and frantic. Lem found himself clinging to Chuck's shoulders as if he might slip away at any moment, Chuck firmly holding Lem's body to his own as their mouths continued to move against each other. ET was still playing, forgotten background noise at this point. Chuck let out a suppressed groan, moving his hand between Lem's legs almost out of make-out habit. He stopped mid kiss to find that a bump had grown seemingly out of nowhere. Lem whimpered at the contact. \"Yeah?\" Chuck asked against Lem's temple, his voice husky. Lem nodded helplessly, eyes closed. Chuck took a breath, kissed Lem again, and then began doing anything he thought might feel good. So far, it appeared he would be figuring things out on his own. Apparently, whatever he was doing felt good, going by the range of noises Lem was making. Chuck wasn't terribly surprised to find that the men on this planet were similarly endowed to human males, they just took a little more convincing to come out of hiding. Lem had a death grip on Chuck's shirt, his breath coming in short huffs against the human's neck. Chuck paused to reach up and unclench Lem's hands. \"Hey. You gotta relax buddy.\" He quietly soothed, squeezing Lem's hands in his own. Lem nodded, opening his eyes for the first time since they had started their little experiment. \"Sorry…\" Lem mumbled, his throat dry. \"I… can't say I participate in… these kinds of activities often.\" He managed to squeeze out, his voice only cracking once. Chuck couldn't help but raise his eyebrows. \"Is that some kind of thinly veiled confession?\" he asked, leaning forward to place a light kiss on Lem's neck. \"Maybe?\" came the squeaky reply. Chuck laughed airily, moving his hands up to slowly unbutton Lem's shirt. \"Just… trust me.\" Chuck assured, moving his hands across Lem's chest before sliding back down between his legs. \"I just want to make you feel good.\" He breathed into Lem's ear, causing a shiver to run up and down his spine. Lem nodded vigorously, slowly moving his hands to snake up the underside of Chuck's T-shirt. Chuck's movements became quicker, ushering Lem enthusiastically to a climax, which was greatly accepted. Lem threw his head back into one of the pillows, letting loose a deep, breathy moan as he shuddered his release. Chuck brought his hand up to inspect the transparent viscous fluid that now coated his fingers. \"Cool.\" He mused before wiping his hand on his pants. Lem laughed, eyes closed in emotional and physical exhaustion. He opened one eye to look up at Chuck who was beaming down at him. \"You're so cute in your little sex afterglow.\" He commented, leaning down to nip at the base of one of Lem's antennae, causing Lem to arch his back and run his hands down Chuck's neck. \"So… do I repay you now?\" Lem asked, yawning unconsciously. Chuck laughed, rolling off Lem to pull him up against his chest. \"Naw, you can repay me some other time.\" He said, pressing his face into the top of Lem's head, reaching behind him to pull one of the blankets over them. They fell asleep to the ending credits of the movie. \"Well, that was interesting. Wonderful.\" Vera sighed, he head resting on Grawl's shoulder, one hand splayed across his chest. Grawl simply hummed in agreement. A light sheen of sweat coated both their bodies, and Vera was sure it would hurt her to sit down for at least two days. Mustering up as much willpower as possible, Vera pulled herself away from the warm body next to her and slid off the bed. \"Where are you going?\" Grawl asked, sitting up and looking confused. \"I need to get back to the base.\" Vera said, as if it was obvious, picking her bra up off the floor. \"You didn't want to stay the night?\" Grawl almost pleaded more so than questioned. Vera turned to look at him, half dressed with a sock in one hand. She had to admit that he was deliciously disheveled, hair falling into his face, completely naked except for the thin sheet that covered his narrow hips. It was his eyes, however, that brought Vera out of her lust haze. They were wide with hope and fear of rejection; hurt so visible that Vera swore she saw herself inside them. She sighed audibly, letting the sock drop to the floor. Crawling back across the bed, she gave Grawl one of the sweetest, most apologetic kisses she could muster. \"Not tonight.\" She whispered, placing a hand delicately on his cheek. He didn't meet her gaze. She tilted his chin up for another kiss that turned into something far too passionate far too quickly. She broke away with a small gasp. \"I have to go.\" She asserted, attempting to keep her voice level. She finished dressing quickly before scooping her small purse up off the ground and heading for the door. With one final glance back in Grawl's direction, she was suddenly filled with anger at his pathetic, clingy display. What the hell did he want? It was a nice fuck, nothing more. She left without saying another word. Walking home, she found herself annoyed and saddened by the ache in her chest. Oh snap! Here we are at the end of another chapter! Everything got heavy (as Chuck likes to put it). Thanks for sticking with me so far! Please review![Chapter 6] Hey hey hey. To all of you still hanging in there, good for you! I really do want more than anything to finish this story (so I can have a finished story that isn't from 2005...). Here's the next installment! It's been sitting on my harddrive for a while, giving me bedroom eyes until I posted it. Hope you enjoy! Things are starting to pick up... I think Gregor Chapter 6 - Live and Let Live Vera was in a bad mood. She had returned to the base to find Chuck and Lem cuddling on the floor of the communications room, fast asleep. This put her in an even worse mood. She stomped furiously out of the base and into their cramped cabin to toss and turn angrily in her lonely bunk before waking up at the crack of dawn, unable to fall back asleep. With bloodshot eyes, she begrudgingly climbed down out of the cabin to shiver in the entryway. The harsh alien landscape was made cold by the soft twilight of morning. With heavy lids and a heavy heart, she made her way back over to the base. The small kitchen was far warmer and far more welcoming than she had ever recalled it to be. With the smell of coffee on the brew, Vera found herself suddenly overwhelmed with homesickness. All at once she longed for nothing more than to be in her own house, in her own kitchen, looking out of her back window into the steamy morning of a Florida sunrise, coffee in hand. Her cat, Thomas, never willing to stay off the counter top, would wander over sleepily to rub up against her elbow as she inhaled her surroundings, preparing herself for the day. She would play upbeat music as she went about her morning rituals before hopping in her car and making the twenty-five minute commute to the Kennedy Space Center. She could almost remember the smell of her car if she tried hard enough. Vera was brought back to reality with the soft beep of the coffee machine signifying its completion. Thank god for small miracles. Like coffee. She fought back the growing lump in her throat by busying herself with sugar and powdered cream. She missed real cream. Outside, the sun was just beginning to creep over the edge of the horizon, casting long shadows across the desert-like terrain. It will all be over soon. She reassured herself, sitting down at the kitchen table, reading and rereading notes and observations of the previous day. For some reason, she didn't feel as at ease as she had hoped. Chuck woke slowly, taking a minute to assess his surroundings. Lem was still tucked comfortably under his arm, breathing softly. Chuck couldn't help but grin and replay all the things that had transpired the night before. He delicately pushed himself up onto his elbow to get a better view of the small, green creature that was nestled against him. The slight jostling caused Lem to stir. \"Sorry.\" Chuck mumbled half heartedly as Lem's eyes fluttered open. He looked confused for a moment before he settled his gaze on Chuck. \"Hi.\" He said with a sleepy smile, voice cracking with sleep. \"Hi yourself.\" Chuck replied with an amused huff, leaning down to plant a small kiss on Lem's forehead. Lem stretched like a cat, back cracking, before snuggling back into Chuck's side. \"Do you think Vera is up?\" Lem asked sleepily. Chuck shrugged. \"Knowing her, yes. Definitely. I should probably get up, anyways. Its almost mid day.\" \"Damn.\" Came the muffled groan from against his chest. Lem flopped onto his back, lazily buttoning up his shirt. Chuck climbed to his feet, stretching his hands up over his head for a second before walking out of the communication room, ignoring the blinking light on the console. Once in the kitchen, he was confronted with a very unconscious Vera sprawled across the kitchen table. A pang of fear surged through Chuck and he leapt forward. \"Vera!\" He shouted, shaking her shoulders roughly. \"WHAT. What!\" she shouted back, bolting up right. A lone piece of paper remained stuck to her forehead. It slowly peeled away, revealing her red, swollen eyes. \"What?\" she asked again, this time her tone flat and threatening. \"N-nothing.\" Chuck stuttered. \"I was just afraid you were…. Uh.\" Suddenly Chuck felt very silly. \"Sorry. Sorry if I startled you.\" He mumbled, the awkwardness in the room coming to a peak. There was a thick silence for a few moments. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes I'm fine.\" Came the rushed response. They were spared any more uncomfortable attempts at conversation by Lem walking through the door. He stopped in his tracks, eyes darting back and forth between Chuck and Vera. \"I… have to be going soon. I have a few errands to run today. I'll see you later tonight, Chuck?\" He half asked half promised. Chuck tore his eyes away from Vera. \"Yeah, yeah… I'll walk you out.\" He said, cautiously exiting the kitchen and escorting Lem out of the base. \"What was that all about?\" Lem asked, eyebrows furrowed. \"You think something bad happened last night?\" \"I have no idea. I'll do my best to console the inconsolable.\" Chuck assured. \"I'll come to your place tonight.\" He said, leaning down to plant a firm kiss on Lem's lips. Lem reached up, trying to make the kiss linger, but Chuck pulled away. \"I need to go back inside.\" He said, almost ashamed. \"No, it's fine. I'll see you tonight.\" Lem sighed, offering Chuck a sideways smile before turning to walk to his car. Back inside, Chuck padded softly back into kitchen. Vera was hunched over the table, her head in her hands. Chuck quietly sat down across from her. \"Uhh…\" he cleared his throat awkwardly. Vera let out an enormous sigh, sinking even further onto the table. \"What are we doing here Charles? What are you doing? What am I doing? What could any of this possibly yield?\" she whined, digging her fingers into her scalp. \"Vera, we're here on a scientific mission to collect…\" \"Oh don't give me that bull shit. You know what I'm talking about. This… this… fraternizing with the natives! We have to stop! We're only hurting them.\" She dropper her hands onto the table, looking Chuck directly in the eyes. \"You're only hurting him.\" She almost pleaded. Chuck was taken aback at the upfront display of emotion. For a moment, he was simply at a loss for words. \"Hey.\" He began weakly. \"Listen. You have to look at it differently. Stop thinking in terms of what will happen and just sort of… go with the flow. Lem and I both get it. We know that this will never last. But nothing ever lasts.\" He ended sagely, mildly impressed with himself for the impromptu speech. Vera didn't look convinced. In fact, she almost looked even more tired than before. \"Charles, an emotional investment is just that; and investment. You can't treat it like a college fling.\" She stated flatly. Chuck shook his head violently. \"That's now what I'm saying! Come on, Vera, look how torn up you are. Wouldn't you just be happier if you…\" he trailed off, using vague hand motions to finish his sentence. \"I mean, you'd get more done that way. You're pretty worthless in this state.\" Vera cracked a half-hearted smile and flipped him the bird. \"I'm more of a man than you'll ever be, Charles T. Baker.\" \"That's a scary thought.\" This sent the two into an interlude of soft laughter. As it died down, Vera rubbed at her eyes. \"Well, I wish I could have gotten this worldly advice before I made a complete ass of myself.\" \"It's never too late for redemption!\" Chuck pointed out, puffing up his chest. Vera let out one last laugh, the tension finally easing from her shoulders. Their tender moment didn't last too long when they were interrupted by a knock on the main entrance door. \"Damn, I forgot it's almost midday.\" Chuck cursed, jumping up and trotting out of the kitchen. Vera let out a deep sigh, alone once again. Even though Chuck's speech had helped, she still felt a twist in her gut when she thought about seeing Grawl again. She barely had time to collect her thoughts before the very object of her worry came strolling into the kitchen with Chuck and a small, excited native clutching a notepad to his chest. Grawl seemed to stop short, an expression of concern flashing across his face at Vera's disheveled appearance. Before any of them could speak, Vera was already out of her chair, pushing her hair out of her face, and straightening her shirt. \"Good afternoon. To whom do I owe the pleasure of this visit?\" she asked, eyeing the small alien who seemed completely enthralled by his surroundings. He was older, wrinkles around his eyes and mouth crinkling with joy, and he sported a bushy mustache, despite the lack of 'hair' on his head. \"Vera.\" Grawl began, before correcting himself. \"Miss Hawes, this is Dr. Glackle. He's a professor at Elingdorp University. It's a few cities north of our town. He's their professor of cultural studies and insisted on arranging a meeting with you and Mr. Baker.\" Grawl explained in a monotone voice. The small man couldn't seem to suppress himself any longer. He sprang forward, extending a gnarled had to Vera. \"It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Hawes! Truly a pleasure!\" He exclaimed in a high-pitched voice. \"If it isn't too terribly inconvenient, I would love to talk to you and Mr. Baker about your culture. Earth culture! It is, as General Grawl has informed me, not too terribly different from out own. Wonderfully fascinating!\" He continued on, his voice cracking with excitement. Vera offered him a smile. \"It's no trouble at all. Please, have a seat.\" She motioned to the small table. Grawl and Dr. Glackle sat on one side while Chuck and Vera sat across from them. Dr. Glackle seemed to have a never-ending flow of questions for the two humans. The conversation went from social structure to politics to religion to art to classical music and continued to spiral off at an alarming rate. Vera and Chuck both felt themselves becoming more and more relaxed, reveling in their own culture. Grawl seemed to look on curiously, his eyes drifting downwards to stair at the table every so often, his hands forming thoughtful steeples in front of his mouth. His eyes locked with Vera's at one point and she offered him a half-hearted smile and a slight shrug. After the conversation had begun to slow down significantly, Dr. Glackle began to insist on having lunch in town. Grawl protested slightly, mostly for show, but gave in almost immediately. As they exited the base, Vera noticed the blinking red light on the console in the communications room. With a fair amount of internal struggle, she ignored it for the time being and followed the others in step. Chuck was overly enthusiastic to answer all of Dr. Glackle's questions. It was always nice for Chuck to be the center of attention. The two hadn't shut up yet. They piled into the green military jeep, Chuck and the Doctor chatting excitedly in the back, while a more reflective Grawl and Vera occupied the front seats, and promptly set off in the direction of the small town. \"Are you feeling better?\" Grawl finally asked after a few moments of silence. Vera looked straight ahead, unflinching. \"What ever do you mean?\" she asked, almost too innocently. \"You looked… ill this morning. I hope it was nothing I…\" \"Yes, I am feeling much better.\" She cut him off. \"Good. Good to hear.\" His voice remained emotionless. Several more minutes passed in silence between them, Chuck and Dr. Glackle talking excitedly of 80's Hair Metal in the back. \"If I did anything to offend you…\" Grawl began, turning to look at Vera momentarily before turning his eyes back to the road. Vera heaved a sight. \"Please, whatever you do, don't blame yourself.\" She huffed out, crossing her arms. Realizing how cross she sounded, she took a deep breath and continued in a much softer tone. \"I acted out irrationally… I just thought maybe you... No, I didn't think at all. I shouldn't have left so abruptly. I'm… sorry.\" She almost whispered, as if the very words were taboo. \"I hope I didn't make you feel cheap.\" She added. At this, Grawl actually let out a curt laugh. \"Vera, you made me feel many things, but I can assure you that you did not make me feel cheap.\" He almost chucked. \"Confused, disappointed maybe, but not cheap.\" He reiterated, noticing Vera's shoulders sag at the word 'disappointed.' \"Can we try again? Redo?\" Vera asked, kicking herself mentally for sounding like such a child. \"I was hoping for another opportunity.\" Grawl agreed, a contented smile spreading across his face before disappearing as quickly as it had come. Lem was in, yet another, haze. He had stopped by the bank to deposit his last pay check and was now trying to restock his food supply. He pushed his cart through the grocery store without really seeing anyone or anything. Picking out several frozen food trays that seemed tolerable, he promptly headed for the check out line. He continued to move through his own personal fog until he reached the comic book store. \"LEM!\" Skiff bellowed at him from behind the counter, his eyes the size of saucers as he clutched a crumpled newspaper. Lem smiled at him dreamily, assuming he was simply tweaked on the usual mumbo jumbo. \"Hey Skiff.\" He sighed. \"Nice day we're having.\" he droned, gazing off into space. Skiff huffed, throwing his hands above his head dramatically. \"Nice day? NICE DAY? Do you even keep up with the news? Look!\" he demanded, holding out the newspaper to Lem expectantly. Lem took it cautiously, smoothing it out on his leg so he could actually read it. The front headline mage his stomach drop. \"Dangerous? They think they're dangerous?\" Lem asked, voice cracking. \"Apparently! They're real mad that our town hasn't publicized them. They think we're keeping secrets and aiding the aliens in their plan to take over our planet! It's crazy!\" Skiff exclaimed, throwing his arms into the air. Just then, a small object darted from the corner of the room and swerved behind the counter. \"Rover!\" Skiff bent down to pick up the small robot, clutching is to his chest. \"They don't know about you, Rover. They'll never take you from me.\" He all but sobbed. Lem could barely hear over the throbbing in his ears. This wasn't a local newspaper. \"Where did you get this?\" Lem finally asked, interrupting Skiffs gentle cooing at his pet robot. \"Um…. Uh…. Well you see… It's like… A customer brought it in.\" Skiff nodded vigorously with a nervous smile. Lem narrowed his eyes. \"There's something you're not telling me. I know you too well.\" He prodded, leaning on the counter to look Skiff in the eyes. The other boy shifted under Lem's gaze, looking anywhere but at Lem. \"It's not like that… it's just…\" Before Skiff could finish his explanation, the door to the comic book store opened. Skiff gulped audibly. Lem wheeled around only to have his jaw hit the floor. \"Neera?\" I value your opinion![Chapter 7] Another chapter! Down the hatch! This one was fun to write. Things are getting pretty tense. One little note: I appreciate all the reviews I receive! But if you're going to leave an anonymous review, don't ask questions expecting an answer. There's no way for me to respond. Also, I've had a couple of not-so-nice anonymous reviews. I don't want to turn the option off, so just know that you're review will be deleted. Thanks so much to my loyal readers! Hope you enjoy this chapter. Gregor Chapter 7 - The Calm Lunch ended up being at a quiet little restaurant with an outside patio. The four dined quietly outside under a red and white striped umbrella. Dr. Glackle's questions never stopped. \"What exactly are your people's views on morality then? You say you have many forms of religion, so how do you narrow it down to an overall set of rules?\" he pressed, scribbling in a notebook in between his bites of food. Vera tapped her lips thoughtfully. \"There really isn't anything to narrow down. It's almost as if we're born with intrinsic morality.\" She replied, receiving thoughtful hums from Dr. Glackle. \"Our basic rule is to honor sentient beings; anything that contains self-awareness.\" She shrugged, taking a delicate sip of her drink. \"But then again…\" interjected Chuck, \"we've never really had prolonged contact with what most people would consider 'sentient beings.' Like you guys. I mean, I think humans are totally biased. I can name at least five species on our planet that I'm convinced are sentient.\" He exclaimed, holding up five fingers to get his point across. Dr. Glackle hummed some more, scribbling things down in his notepad. \"And you said your race has a tendency towards violence?\" he asked, almost hesitantly. Vera saw Grawl straighten from across the table. \"Well… yes. It is unfortunate, but we've never been the best at keeping peace. Not on our planet, anyways.\" She sighed and pushed some of her food around. And probably not on this one. She added silently. Dr. Glackle smiled empathetically. \"Well I'm sure General Grawl could give you a synopsis of our military history. It's probably no less bloody than any of yours. We just resolved a large 'disagreement' not but seven years ago. And to think the whole thing was started over the idea of nationalism! Racial superiority. Can you believe such a concept? Bah!\" Dr. Glackle waved an arm about flamboyantly while Vera and Chuck gave each other knowing looks. A small crowd was beginning to gather across the street. Curious eyes raked across the humans while hushed rumors were passed between the bystanders. \"Do people have no decency?\" Grawl grumbled under his breath. Dr. Glackle patted his arm. \"Now, now, General. There's no harm in scientific curiosity! The humans are still a very new presence! And, as you know, other cities are starting to get jealous that you're keeping them all to yourself. Grawl's ears perked up. \"Jealous? What do you mean jealous ?\" Before Dr. Glackled could give any answers, there was a small commotion from across the street. \"Chuck!\" came a disembodied voice that sounded a little like… \"Lem?\" Chuck rose to his feet as Lem darted through traffic to get across the street. He was followed closely by a gangly alien that just had to be Skiff, and a curvy little thing that looked a lot like… \"Neera!\" he all but sputtered. Vera quirked an eyebrow at him as she gave the young girl a once-over. \"Hello Chuck!\" She greeted him cheerily, though somewhat out of breath. \"Long time no see.\" \"Sorry, no time for pleasantries Neera. Look at this!\" Lem demanded, shoving the newspaper at Chuck's chest. \"Neera brought it. It's from the city of Glabnop up north. She 's been filling us in on the way. We were heading to the base when we saw the crowd and assumed you were near by.\" Chuck was only half listening to Lem's panted explanation. His eyes scanned over the words of the newspaper. Certain things popped out at him, including, but not limited to dangerous and alien occupation , global threat and freak experimentations . He handed the paper silently to Vera, who was now standing beside him. \"So what does this mean? They're going to kick us off the planet?\" Chuck asked, looking from Lem to Neera to Grawl. \"What in blazes are you taking about? What does that paper say?\" he demanded, rising from his seat to walk over to Vera. She hadn't shown any reaction since being handed the newspaper. \"Oh dear.\" Dr. Glackle sighed from across the table, placing his hands on both sides of his wrinkled face. \"I do believe lunch is ruined.\" \"This is way too familiar. I am not going to spend the rest of our mission being chased all over the damn planet! I've already done it once!\" Chuck shouted with dramatic hand movements to emphasize his point. He was currently pacing back and forth in the cramped kitchen/impromptu meeting room of the base. \"No one's chasing anyone.\" Grawl assured. He and Vera sat calmly on one side of the small table, Neera facing them, eyeing the general suspiciously as he spoke. \"You're working with us, this time, not against us.\" \"We just need proof that you're here on a purely peaceful mission. Really solid proof that we can hand over to the media.\" Neera expounded, speaking mostly to Vera. She had hardly stopped staring at the human female since they'd left the restaurant. \"How sure are you that that would work? Couldn't they just as easily call us lairs and declare us hostile?\" Vera asked, looking more at Grawl than Neera. \"Everyone just calm down.\" Lem spoke out, causing all eyes to land on him. \"Chuck, stop pacing, you're making me nervous.\" \"Oh I'm making you nervous?\" Chuck laughed dryly, crossing his arms. \"Fellas, play nice. This is nobody's fault.\" Vera rubbed her eyes in annoyance. \"We just have to take some baby steps towards getting this little hiccup resolved. We have nothing to worry about because we are here on a scientific mission. Nothing else.\" She nodded definitively. \"Now I think Chuck and I need a little time to talk some things over.\" When nobody made an effort to move, she added: \"In private.\" There were some muffled disagreements from Grawl and Lem, but otherwise the troop of non-humans shuffled out of the kitchen and into the open air, Vera herding them out further. \"Come back for supper! We'll discuss more then.\" She called after them before shutting the door to the base and sealing Chuck and herself inside. She walked briskly back into the kitchen where Chuck had plopped down into a chair, looking absolutely miserable. There was a weird kind of tension in the air that Vera didn't quite understand. \"It'll be fine.\" She spoke softly. Reassuringly. \"I don't think you understand. They tried to kill me last time! Your guy tried to have me cut open!\" \"He is sorry about that…\" \"I know! But that's not the point! The point is that this race of little green men is innately paranoid. We can't trust them to understand right away. We can barely trust them now!\" He exhaled loudly, getting up from the table and walking out of the room. Vera stood awkwardly for a moment before fixing herself a glass of water and sitting down. She then proceeded to think. Chuck meandered into the communications room, still in a full-blown state of anxiety. He glared at the blinking red light, wishing it would go away. Finally, after glaring at the control panel for a good minute, he sat down and pressed a button. Messages from Earth steadily started printing out over in the corner of the room. New orders from Kennedy, Chuck assumed. He kicked back in his chair, crossing his arms behind his head and allowing his mind to wander for a few, blissful, worry-free minutes. He thought of Lem, hoping he wasn't explaining too much to Neera. She might not quite understand their little \"situation\". He laughed to himself at the irony of it all. Soon he was thinking of just Lem and how he'd looked the night before: disheveled, writhing with ecstasy beneath him, lips moist and mouth agape… The jarring beep from the printer made Chuck irrationally angry. He stood up and furiously snatched the papers out of the tray and began to skim over them. Back in the kitchen, Vera had been staring diligently into her glass of water, trying not to think of autopsies. She looked up exasperatedly as Chuck stormed back into the room, slapping the freshly printed papers onto the table. \"Reports from home. The stuff you sent them about the rain-rocks looks promising, but they still want to explore other options. They also want some DNA sample from some of the natives. I'm sure I could ask Lem to…\" he was interrupted by Vera smacking her hands on the table, clawing at the papers in an attempt to bring them up to her face. There was tense moment in which Chuck said nothing and Vera's eyes scanned the pages. He lips moved silently as she read the reports. \"Charles.\" She whispered. \"We have a problem.\" \"W-what do you mean?\" Chuck asked, shifting uncomfortably. Vera remained silent for several moments longer, reading and re reading the papers. \"They ask for skin samples and hair samples. Fingernails. You know, the basic stuff.\" Chuck filled in for her. \"I read the thing. What's wrong with that?\" \"They go from talking about energy sources and exploring other options… to asking for skin samples from the natives? Charles, I doubt they're asking out of pure scientific inquiry. They're asking because…\" Vera couldn't bring herself to say it. She covered her mouth and let out a low whine, dropping the papers on the table. Chuck felt the color drain from his face. He thought of his Lem, lifeless, hanging from some meat rack before being ground up and made into… \"Fuel. They want to see if these guys can be made into…fuel.\" He concluded, unable to feel his arms and legs. \"I think I'm going to be sick.\" Vera cried, covering her mouth with both hands now. \"After all this time…\" Chuck felt himself beginning to shake with rage. Everything they had been told so far had been a lie. That's why their mission was so short. They wanted them to get in and get out before either of them had time to wise up. Then they would send in the big guns. He looked up to see silent tears running down Vera's cheeks as she continued to clasp her hands over her mouth. He swiftly sat down beside her, wrapping his arms around her shoulders. \"Oh my god, Charles.\" She whispered, leaning into him. \"We really are hostile.\" The two continued to sit there for a while longer, holding each other, feeling helpless and hopeless. \"So what is the female like?\" Neera asked curiously, crossing her legs and leaning forward onto the small table. Lem had taken her back to his apartment for the time being. Grawl had dumped them just outside of town before speeding off in some unknown direction to do unknown military-government things. \"Vera's one of those people that you kind of have to warm up to.\" Lem explained, laughing nervously and drumming his fingers on the table. \"I'd love to talk to her.\" Neera smiled, eyes drifting. There was a prolonged pause between them before Neera spoke again. \"How's Chuck? I can't believe he came back after all that fuss last time.\" She laughed airily. Lem laughed as well. \"He's… still the same, really: confident, charming, a little too into himself.\" He laughed again, rubbing the back of his neck. \"I never thought I'd see him again. So it's all a little surreal.\" He drew his lips into a thing line, feeling sheepish as his confession. He affixed his gaze to the table. Neera just smiled, oblivious. \"Yeah, same here. When word got out that the aliens had returned, the city went crazy! Of course, you guys have been keeping them all to yourselves over here.\" She chastised, winking playfully. \"It's really for their safety.\" Lem explained, trying to smile but finding no humor in the conversation. \"General Grawl is a lot less uh… paranoid this time. So that's good.\" He ended lamely. \"I just hope he can use his status to convince whoever needs to be convinced that they're here on a scientific mission.\" \"I mean, if they really are here on a peaceful mission, there's no need for convincing, right? It should all be on paper.\" Neera interjected. Lem just nodded, his mind now drifting to Chuck. The last thing he wanted was for him to end up on some medical slab again, crazed scientists cutting away at his insides. Lem shivered unconsciously. \"Cold?\" Neera asked. \"Yeah, a little. Want to step outside?\" Lem offered, grateful for the distraction. \"Sure.\" Outside, the sun was starting to edge closer and closer to the horizon line. Stores were beginning to close down and cars were slowly trickling away from the usual hub. Bars were opening and men began to loosen their ties. \"Wanna head back over to their little hide-out?\" Neera asked hopefully. \"It's more of a base, and sure.\" Lem couldn't help but correct. They hopped in his car and drove half the way in silence. \"What's wrong, Lem? You're unusually silent. I mean, I know we didn't end on the best of terms, but I thought we were over these hostilities!\" Neera pushed. Lem grimaced at the use of the word \"hostilities,\" but managed a weak smile. \"I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was coming off… that way. I just have a lot on my mind.\" He offered. \"You mean like Chuck?\" \"What?\" Lem sputtered, willing his cheeks to stay one color. \"You mean like all this stuff that's happening?\" she clarified. \"Yeah, yeah, all this suff…\" \"Well, what are we going to tell them?\" Chuck asked, his palms clammy as he pressed them against the table. \"I have no idea.\" Vera confessed, her voice hollow, eyes sunken. It had taken them both a good thirty minutes to collect themselves. \"I could be wrong. They could just want…\" Vera couldn't even finish the sentence; it was that much of a lie. She sighed, letting her head fall into her hands. \"I'll talk to Grawl tonight.\" \"Make sure you get him wasted or sexed up first,\" They both chucked wearily. A firm knock on the main door jarred them. Vera slid out of her seat and padded across the base. She swung open the door to reveal an anxious Lem and his little friend. \"Hey guys!\" she greeted, realizing at once that it was far too cheery. \"Um. Come on in.\" she motioned towards the kitchen, closing the door behind them. Chuck sat bolt up right when the three entered the kitchen, Vera bringing up the rear. He opened his mouth a few times, as if deciding on something to say, then just kept it shut and smiled at them. There were several beats of silence before Lem spoke up. \"Alright. What happened?\" he asked, crossing his arms. Chuck fell forward onto the table, inhaling deeply. \"We just... got a message from earth... and they want to grindyouUPANDUSEYOUFORFUEL.\" He ended up yelling into the table. Vera covered her eyes with one hand. \"Smooth, Charles. Smooth.\" \"Wait. WHAT!\" Neera all but shouted. Lem just laughed. \"He's joking.\" He explained calmly. The moment his eyes locked with Chucks, he turned a paler shade of green. \"He's not joking.\" Lem gulped. He started at a hand being placed on his shoulder. It was Vera's. Lem thought distantly that this was the first time she'd ever made any sort of physical contact with him. \"We're at a loss.\" She confessed, cringing as if the words were acid on her lips. \"But…\" Neera began, placing a hand against the wall. \"But this changes everything.\" \"No!\" Chuck yelled. \"I won't let it. I won't let them do this !\" His fists hit the table with a definitive bang, causing the room to fall into a helpless silence. Lem slid away from Vera to stand by Chuck. He had nothing to say, so he simply resigned to put his arm around Chuck's shoulder and leaned in to him. He felt the man shift, large arms encircling him in an embrace. Lem rested his lips against the side of Chuck's head, not quite kissing him, still aware of Neera watching. They pulled back, locking eyes. Warm hands cupped Lem's face as he placed his own hands onto the slope of Chuck's neck. Vera had averted her gaze, the intimacy of the moment becoming too much for her to handle. Neera continued to watch their interaction, her eyes misty. \"We'll figure something out.\" Lem assured, with a half smile. \"Because there's no way I'll go down without a fight. I am no man's fuel.\" He laughed, rubbing a thumb along Chuck's neck. Within an instant Chuck had pulled him in for a kiss. Lem vaguely heard Neera make a surprised noise before he gave up on caring and wrapped his arms around the human, desperate for something good. It didn't last long. Chuck sighed against Lem's lips before he pulled back. Turning to look over at Neera, Lem gave a sheepish shrug. \"Ah… don't tell anyone.\" \"Right.\" She squeaked in reply. \"But… you're both...\" she shook her head furiously. \"Never mind, that's not the issue.\" She exhaled loudly. Vera had turned her attention back to the group. \"Yes, all gayness aside, we have to come up with some kind of plan of action.\" She spoke, the forcefulness and confidence returning to her voice. \"I'll arrange a meeting with Grawl and explain things as best I can.\" \"You think that trigger-happy military bozo is going to…?\" Neera began, stopping short after receiving a warning look from Vera. \"Judge not, little girl.\" She cooed, venom dripping from each syllable. \"He's on our side this time.\" \"How can you be sure? Ask Chuck what he did last time!\" Neera protested. \"I don't need to ask Chuck .\" Vera assured, spitting out Chuck's name as if it were a curse. Neera visibly cringed. \"You're going to have to trust us. General Grawl is probably out best ally. He has the most power at his disposal.\" Vera continued, he voice calmer. \"We need him.\" As if summoned by sheer will, a knock at the main door caused the four of them to almost jump out of their skin. \"Ok, we all need to calm the fuck down.\" Chuck exhaled loudly; he pulled Lem to half sit on his lap, arm still firmly wound around his waist. Vera was grabbing her jacket and her communicator as she walked towards the doorway. \"If that's Grawl, I'm going to go back to the military base with him and talk things over. If you have any strokes of genius, doubtful, give me a call.\" She ordered, wiggling her communicator in Chuck's direction. \"Remember what I said about putting him in a better mood before you drop the bomb.\" Chuck called after her, receiving nothing but a middle finger in response before she was out the door. Lem chucked lightly. \"Did you tell her to…?\" \"Yep.\" Chuck smiled smugly. Neera coughed, directing both men's attention back to her. Lem vaulted out of his semi-sitting position to stand awkwardly between the two. \"I… need to get back to my hotel.\" She said, her facer turning a shade darker as she stared intently at the floor. \"Listen, I don't want you to go away feeling all awkward and weird. Do you want anything to eat before you leave? Drink?\" Chuck offered, moving to stand. \"No! Not it's not that! I mean, it's not that I wouldn't want to eat with you guys… I mean.\" She squeezed her eyes shut, sighing. \"This is just… a lot to take in. All of it.\" She emphasized. \"I just need some time to think.\" \"Neera.\" Lem began, taking a step towards her. \"Please, please keep this to yourself. I'm begging you. The whole hostile thing… the whole… um.\" He looked at Chuck and then back to Neera. \"Thing. Can you promise me that you'll keep this a secret?\" he pleaded, clasping his hands together. Neera looked back and forth between them. \"Who would believe me?\" she asked, laughing a little. \"That's… not exactly the answer I was hoping to hear.\" Lem puffed. \"Alright, alright. I was just trying to lighten the mood. I promise I won't tell anyone.\" She said, raising her hands in defeat and smiling the best she could. \"Would you mind taking me back to my hotel?\" \"No problem.\" Lem returned her smile. \"You wanna stay here Chuck? It'll be quick.\" He asked, turning back to the still tense human. \"Naw, I'll come with you guys. I don't want to be cooped up in this base anymore.\" Chuck sighed, stretching. The three of them left the base in silence. Please review! You guys are my motivation![Chapter 8] Hello Readers! Sorry this chapter is a bit short (but not too short). I'm going to warn you now that this chapter is just a little more on the smutty side of things. If you're offended by sexual stuff, then why are you reading this in the first place? Go away. But anyways, I'd say this story still has a couple more chapters of life left in it. Let's hope I can pull it off! Thanks to those who have been hanging in there. I love getting all the encouraging reviews. ~Gregor CHAPTER 8 - Strangers Growing Stranger \"So, that's the long and short of it,\" Vera sighed heavily, resting her head against an open palm. She and Grawl sat in one of the interrogation rooms in the military base, taking advantage of the soundproof walls. Grawl remained silent, his fingers resting in a steeple against his mouth, brow furrowed. \"This…\" he began, his voice a deep rumble. \"This changes everything,\" he concluded, eyeing Vera with narrowed eyes. \"Grawl. Please. You have to believe me when I tell you that we had no idea . They gave us no reason to suspect anything like this might happen. Please,\" she clasped her hands across the table. \"I would never wish this on anyone.\" Grawl averted his gaze, looking somewhere over Vera's shoulder. The air in the room had become thick with tension. The rage and frustration in Vera's chest threatened to tear its way out in a scream. She wanted to beat her fists against the table in childish frustration, overturn a chair, anything to release this pressure building up inside of her. Instead, she remained silent, her throat constricted as she fought back a sob. \"My country, my planet , in this case, must come first. The welfare of my race, Vera,\" Grawl half shouted. \"My emotions on the matter must remain completely neutral.\" \"I'm not asking you to make a decision based on emotion. I'm asking you to understand our part in this. We're willing to work with you, even if it means our own freedom,\" Vera pleaded. \"Don't you understand the sacrifices we're willing to make? I'll do anything to keep peace,\" she slid her hand cautiously across the table, her fingers lightly brushing against Grawl's. He didn't recoil like she expected, but neither did he respond to the touch. \"I don't know what to believe,\" he said evenly, eyes focusing on Vera once more. \"Maybe it's been a ruse all along. Maybe,\" Grawl continued, beginning to stand as rage overtook him, \"you bewitched me into putting my trust in the whole charade from the very beginning!\" he roared across the table. Vera sprung to her feet, slamming her hands on the tabletop. \"Don't you dare bring that into this! This thing between us is strictly personal. I don't fuck for diplomacy,\" Vera spat back. Grawl raised himself to his full height, Vera mirroring his movement. \"I don't want to fight,\" Grawl began. \"Really? Well, what you just implied, those are fighting words, General,\" Vera shot back. \"You ask me to understand your perspective, yet are you even attempting to put yourself in my position?\" he bellowed, anger still flooding his features. \"You are not the victim here!\" \"But that's where you're wrong! We're both victims here. We have both been betrayed,\" Vera attempted to reason, eyes turning soft. Nothing productive would come from getting into a yelling match. \"Please,\" she rounded the table, approaching Grawl warily, raising a hand to rest on his shoulder. \"A great philosopher on Earth once spoke of rising up to take one's own place in the universe, and not to fall victim to, well, victimization. If we are going to combat this… issue, then we need to do so together and not allow ourselves to point fingers. We can shape our own destiny; it's in our power.\" The man sighed, eyes diverting themselves from Vera's face to ghost across the rest of her body. \"Ah, but your words are bewitching,\" he mumbled softly, taking the hand on his shoulder into his own. \"And I cannot convince myself that you would conceive such a… diabolical plan,\" he confessed. \"I want to be angry with you, for you have caused me more frustration in two days than I've experienced in months, but,\" he closed his eyes as Vera brought a hand to his face. \"I know you're telling the truth.\" They kissed. It was only the second time they had done so, and it was just as strange and wonderful has Vera had remembered from the night before. Only this time, there was no urgency. It was almost sorrowful, being treated with the care of possibly being the last. \"I will miss you,\" Grawl spoke against Vera's cheek. \"I'll miss your skepticism, yet relative sanity,\" he chuckled sadly. Vera simply clung to him, unable to speak. She wanted to tell him that she would stay with him after it was all said and done. She wanted to tell him that she would never find another man like him. She wanted more than anything to just say what she felt. \"I'll miss you too,\" was all she managed to mumble, continuing to cling to him like a lost child. Chuck sat awkwardly in the vehicle as Lem walked Neera up to the motel. Lem was being a gentleman. Chuck understood this. Despite all his reasoning, the man still felt uneasy at the thought of the possible conversation that was taking place between them. He hadn't meant to full-out kiss Lem in front of her like that, but, damn-it, if he didn't think with his dick half the time: heat of the moment, excuses, yadda-yadda. Who was he kidding? He was an idiot. \"So we have an understanding?\" They stood outside the door to her small motel room, Lem watching Neera fumbling through her purse to find her key. \"Lem, for the last time, I'm not going to say anything about you and Chuck. Besides, no offence, but it's not the bigger issue right now,\" Neera reasoned. \"I'm not really talking about the bigger issue right now…\" Lem worried his hands as he studied the hem of her dress. \"I'm talking about me and you. Um… you and me,\" he corrected, closing his eyes in frustration. Neera sighed, moving to grip the door handle to her room. \"Lem, what we had was a high school romance. It's over now. We've moved on. Clearly, you've moved on.\" \"I'm not even talking about that!\" Lem protested. \"Then what are you talking about?\" There was an awkward silence in which Lem swallowed loudly and attempted to collect his thoughts. \"I'm not… uh… I'm not a queer, you know. It's just him. Only him,\" Lem explained quietly, refusing to meet her eye. \"I just don't want you to think less of me.\" Neera let out a sigh, her eyes softening. \"Oh Lem, I don't think less of you,\" she cooed, stepping back towards him. \"It's strange, yes, but you're still you, and we can't exactly pick the people we fall for,\" she smiled gently. Lem let out a breath he didn't realize he's been holding. \"I know. I know it's stupid for me to get all worked up. I guess old habits die hard. I can't help but want your approval… on everything,\" he confessed sheepishly, making Neera smile. \"You always knew how to charm me,\" she giggled, moving back towards the door. \"Now go try and make your human feel better.\" And with that, she stepped into her room and closed the door. \"What did she say? Are you sure she won't rat us out? Vera and I, I mean?\" Chuck pressed from the moment Lem got in the car. \"It's fine. She's fine. It'll be fine.\" He chanted, attempting to convince himself along with Chuck. \"Let's just go back to my place and… drown our sorrows in booze.\" Chuck let loose a huge grin. \"Sounds like my kind of plan!\" The apartment was cool and quiet in the dim light of the setting sun. As they walked through the front door, Chuck had the weirdest sensation of being home. It was fleeting, but all too real. It left him feeling a little emptier and smaller than before. Plopping down at the kitchen table, his eyes lazily trailed Lem as the young alien moved from the table to the liquor cabinet on the far side of the room. \"Alright, I'm feeling something a little stronger than usual will do the trick tonight,\" Lem called over his shoulder, tapping a finger against his lips thoughtfully before pulling out a rounded glass bottle. He poured the clear liquor into two shot glasses before sitting across from Chuck at the table. \"Do you have any, um… sayings on Earth? Like, before you take a drink?\" Lem prompted. \"You mean like a toast? Yeah, sure, I think I can come up with one for the occasion,\" Chuck pushed himself to his feet, gazing out to the invisible audience around him melodramatically. \"My mom's dad, my granddad, was pretty much straight off the boat from Ireland,\" Chuck began to explain. When Lem gave him an inquisitive look he attempted to elaborate. \"It's a different country. He came to America, got a job, and gave me his red hair,\" Chuck laughed sadly. \"But anyways, being Irish, he loved a drink. And he had a favorite toast:\" Chuck cleared his throat, putting on his best Irish accent. \"I drink to your health when I'm with you, I drink to your health when I'm alone, I drink to your health so often, I worry about my own!\" Lem let out a snort as they both raised their glasses and downed the shot. The liquor burned its way down Chuck's throat leaving him feeling a little warmer. The first shot was always the best. \"How about you? Do you have any toasts?\" Chuck asked, sitting back down. Lem let out a low huff as he poured a second shot for them both. \"A grolnig can't fly with one wing,\" he said simply, sliding Chuck's now full shot glass back across the table. Chuck let out an amused laugh before downing his second shot. \"I'm going to assume that… word you just said is something akin to a bird,\" he said through his teeth, willing away the burning in his throat. \"Probably.\" They shared several more toasts until Chuck was feeling better about himself. Then they shared a few more. Finally they managed to move into the small sitting room, both occupying a chair that was really meant for just one person. Chuck ran his hands along Lem's arms affectionately as the smaller alien sat stretched across his lap. \"You know, if NASA ever found out about this whole ordeal, not only would Vera and I be fired, but we'd probably be completely shunned from society,\" Chuck laughed as if he had just told the funniest joke of his life. \"That's… kind of funny?\" Lem twisted to look Chuck in the eye. \"But don't worry, I won't tell anyone.\" \"Good, good. That's good to know,\" Chuck wrapped a hand around the base of Lem's neck, drawing him down for a kiss. In the back of Chuck's mind, he felt a little guilty for always being drunk whenever he made intimate advances. He assured himself that it was not because he wouldn't be able to go through with anything sober. He had, after all, given Lem that kiss. In front of Neera. And Vera. Man, even without the aid of alcohol he made stupid decisions. \"You think too loud,\" Lem whined, trailing a few kisses down Chuck's neck. \"I know. I'll try and keep it to a dull roar,\" Chuck replied, wrapping his arms fully around Lem before hoisting him up to straddles his hips. He felt Lem tense up. The alien laughed to hide his nervousness. \"Um… what did you have in mind?\" the smaller man asked nervously, slowly tracing his fingers up the chords of Chuck's neck. \"Hey, don't stress about it. I want you to be in control this time.\" Chuck soothed, running his hands down Lem's back and across his thighs. He was already beginning to feel the spark of desire building up in his chest. Lem visibly shuddered. \"Alright,\" he swallowed. Leaning forward, he pressed his slightly parted lips against Chuck's once more. He felt large hands caress his lower back, moving up under his shirt. It was all still very strange and new. No matter how many times he tried to relax his mind, Lem couldn't get around how distinctly alien everything felt. The alcohol helped him ease most of the tension. Soon, he was unintentionally grinding his hips up against Chuck's. He felt lewd; like a teenager who couldn't control his hormones. His arms felt heavy against Chuck's chest and his fingertips had almost gone completely numb. All at once, the walls he had been trying so hard to keep up came crumbling down around him. He jolted forward, tangling his fingers in Chuck's hair: those strange, soft fibers. He felt the vibrations of the human's moan as their mouths battled for control, all hesitation thrown to the wind. \"Oh…\" Lem pulled back, eyes darting downwards as a blush crept across his cheeks. \"Is that you're… um…?\" \"Yep,\" Chuck let a sly grin slide across his face. It was wiped right off again as Lem ground his hips against Chuck's, hard. The human let out a surprised grunt, tightening his grip on Lem's hips. \"You minx!\" he laughed breathlessly, Lem chuckling lowly along with him, eyes closing as his hands came to rest over Chuck's. He continued to grind his hips slowly against the man beneath him. \"Are we going to grind away like horny teenagers all night?\" Chuck asked through clenched teeth, fingernails digging into Lem's thighs. \"Or are you going to cut the teasing and keep some promises?\" his eyes locked with Lem's, pupils dilated. The smaller man gave a solemn nod through half-lidded eyes. Before he could register what was going on, Lem was being scooped up, legs wrapped around Chuck's waist, and being transported to his bedroom. The door closed with a definite, telling slam behind them. The philosopher Vera mentioned was Nietzsche. Please review![Chapter 9] Oh golly, long time no see ! Sorry it took so long for me to update... real life and things and all that jazz. The good news is, there are only going to be (at most) two more chapters before this baby is finished! WHOO! I tried to make this chapter longer than my last few, to make up for my lack of updates. I'll warn you now, it's a bit of an emotional roller coaster with TONS of plot! I hope you're ready! With no further adieu... Chapter 9 - The Storm Vera drummed her fingers impatiently on the kitchen table, mouth drawn into a thin line. Grawl sat across from her, expression painfully neutral. \"You're sure you alerted him?\" \"Yes, yes I'm sure,\" Vera snapped. \"I told him to get his pale ass back to base almost half an hour ago.\" She ran a hand across her face, half out of frustration, half out of exhaustion. Grawl hmphed appropriately, twiddling his thumbs and staring off into space. Just as Vera was reaching for her communicator, Chuck burst through the door, frazzled and out of breath. \"Sorry! So sorry. I was…\" \"Save the excused.\" Vera cut him off, rising from her seat. \"No more dicking around, Charles, we need to send a message back to base. Now.\" Chuck stopped in his tracks. \"And what exactly are we going to tell them?\" he asked, his expression fraught with worry. \"That we could not convince any of the natives to give us skin samples…goes against their culture… yadda yadda… I don't really know! Anything! Anything to get their minds off of butchering these people,\" she exhaled sharply, wincing at the sudden pain that had just flooded her system. Migraines. Grawl placed a firm hand on her shoulder. Chuck stared off blankly into the distance. \"What we need to do… is distract them,\" Chuck said in a calculating tone. Vera's ears perked up. \"Distract them with what?\" she inquired, almost regretting what she might hear. \"Something useful…\" He seemed to become thoughtful for a minute. \"Hey! Did we ever fully analyze those samples we got of their rain rocks?\" Chuck snapped his fingers, pointing at Vera. She looked considerate for a moment, before dashing from the room without a word. Chuck and Grawl exchanged surprised glances before following her. The three ended up in Vera's makeshift lab, huddled around the woman as she took a tiny sample of the ground up rock and began mixing it into a solution; it bubbled and fizzed angrily. Taking a dropper, she extracted some of the fluid and dropped it carefully onto a microscope slide, Chuck and Grawl leaning over her to watch her every move. \"Can a girl get some space?\" she asked, elbowing Chuck a little. The two men mumbled their apologies, stepping back to stand in hushed anticipation. A few quiet, tense moments later, Vera rose from her hunched position over the microscope, her back facing the two men. \"So?\" Chuck prompted. Silence. \"Charles…\" Vera breathed. The two men swallowed simultaneously. \"W-what is it? What did you find?\" Vera whirled on them, grinning from ear to ear, eyes shining with joy. \"I have never seen anything like this… it's… the compound! It's amazing! It's unheard of!\" She gestured emphatically, leaping into Chuck's arms to give him a huge bear hug. \"You're a genius! Thank you!\" she cried, still smiling. \"Ah… haha. I think you ' re the genius, Ver-Bear,\" he patted her back awkwardly. Vera pulled back, a look of horror on her face. \"I told you to never use that nickname ever again,\" she gasped, eyes darting to Grawl and back. There was a moment of tense silence before the two burst out laughing, leaving a very confused Grawl to stand there in a state of utter puzzlement. \"So… is this good news?\" he finally ventured to ask. Vera let out another joyous laugh. \"Yes! Yes, this is wonderful news! This solves everything! Well… almost everything,\" she smiled sheepishly. \"There's still a lot of work to be done. It's not exactly the quickest of fixes, but it's a start! The compounds created by your rain rocks, when combined with hydroxide, a relatively stable solution to begin with, causes the hydroxide to break its bonds at an accelerated rate, producing a surprising amount of energy! I… honestly, I barely understand how it's possible.\" Vera fell back dramatically into a chair, pressing a hand to her forehead. Grawl and Chuck exchanged glances of mutual confusion at the chemistry jargon. \"And to think you put these things in a dump,\" Vera mused, holding up a still-in-tact rain rock. \"These annoying little rocks are going to save our planet and my people?\" Grawl asked skeptically. Vera gave a nod and a smile. \"I do believe they will.\" Lem paced back and forth in his apartment. It had been almost an hour since Chuck had left, and he was beginning to get nervous. What if something had gone wrong? What if the military had detained them and Lem was just sitting at home, doing nothing? Decidedly, Lem grabbed his wallet and keys and began heading for the door. Just as he was about to reach for the doorknob, there was a firm knock. Lem retracted his hand, startled, before quickly opening the door. It was not Chuck. In fact, it was no one he recognized, but he immediately knew that this figure demanded attention. \"Are you Lem?\" the male figure in front asked. He was wearing what appeared to be a military uniform, but it looked nothing like Grawl's. \"Y-yes?\" he stuttered. The front man, nodded curtly to his buddies behind him. Without warning, Lem was bombarded by three men in strange uniforms, throwing him onto his back before flipping him over onto his stomach. Lem cried out in pain and fear. \"What's going on!\" he shouted in confusion, cold handcuffs tightening around his wrists as his breathing accelerated to the point of hyperventilation. \"You are being detained for possible associations with the alien hostiles. You will be apprehended for questioning until further notice. Lieutenant Glork will now read you your rights…\" Lem barely heard any of his rights, the world becoming a fog as panic set in. He was shoved none too gently into the back of some dark vehicle, two guards seated on either side of him. \"Where are you taking me?\" Lem demanded, sounding more fragile than authoritative. He received no answer. He felt as though he might pass out. \"I can't breathe…. I can't…\" Lem begged, eyes bulging from the lack of air in his body. A needle was forcibly jabbed into the side of his neck, causing him to scream in pain. Soon the world began to blur around the edges and Lem felt his eyelids begin to droop. Soon, he forgot where he was and drifted off to a dreamless sleep. \"I can't believe the answer was right under our noses the entire time,\" Chuck exclaimed, leaning back in one of the communications room chairs casually. \"Seriously, this feels way too easy.\" \"Yes, well, it isn't. We still have to send Kennedy our findings and our general analysis and wait for their response. It'll take at least a couple of days until we get the 'all clear' on their end,\" Vera rebuked. Chuck sighed dramatically. \"You always have to rain on my parade, don't you?\" he whined. \"I'm not raining on anything, I'm just putting things into perspective,\" she corrected, still typing up the lengthy report. \"And…. Done. Alright. Now we play the waiting ga-\" Vera was cut off by frantic pounding on the front door of their base. The two exchanged worried glances before getting up and hurrying out of the room. Chuck swung open the door to reveal a very anxious, very out of breath Skiff. \"Skiff? What the… did you run here?\" Chuck asked, peering outside, squinting into the bright sun of midday. Skiff shook his head, pointing wordlessly to a bike that had been thrown onto the ground. \"Still impressive,\" Vera commented from behind Chuck. \"Lem! They took him!\" Skiff wheezed, his expression frenzied and eyes watery. Chuck felt his heart stop. \"Who? Who took Lem?\" he demanded, surprised at his own commanding tone. He felt Vera go completely still behind him. Skiff shook his head wordlessly, still trying to catch his breath. \"I… don't know,\" he gasped, leaning on the doorframe for support. \"Big… military-looking guys… never seen them before.\" Chuck was out the door before Vera could even open her mouth. \"Charles, wait! What do you think you're going to do?\" she called after him desperately. He had picked up Skiff's fallen bike, mounting it with determination. \"I'm going to find him,\" he called back before taking off down the dirt road. \"Hey! That's mine!\" Skiff called after him. Chuck obviously didn't care, as he didn't turn around once. \"We have to contact Grawl. Get inside. Quick,\" Vera ordered, and Skiff could do nothing but obey, watching with desperate eyes as Chuck's figure slowly disappeared into the distance. Lem awoke to a pounding headache and a stiff neck. He was seated upright in a dark room, tethered to his chair. A single light sat on the table in front of him, the figure across from him was hidden in the half darkness of the room. \"Do you know why you are here, Lem?\" the voice asked, his tone calm and smooth. \"Not… really,\" Lem responded, his throat dry. He squinted at the offensive light. \"You are here because we believe you have valuable information about the hostile aliens. We need to know what you know. If you cooperate, you will be set free, unharmed. If you fail to comply, extra measures will be taken to insure that you never see the light of day again.\" It was not a threat; it was a promise. Lem swallowed. \"Now, I will begin by asking a series of questions to which you will answer either yes or no. Question one: Is it true that you aided in the prevention of one of the human's captures the last time it was on this planet?\" \"Yes, but…\" Lem tried. \"Only answer with 'yes' or 'no,' please. Question two: Have you been spending a prolonged amount of time over the past few days with the alien hostiles?\" \"Yes. They're not…\" \"Question three: Are you aware of any plans that the alien hostiles may have that threaten the safety of our planet and its people?\" Lem paused, thinking back to the conversation he'd had with Chuck and Vera in the kitchen of their base. He thought of the terror in Vera's eyes, the repulsion on Chuck's face. \"No,\" Lem answered finally. \"You are lying,\" the voice stated neutrally. \"I am not lying,\" Lem assured, his voice more confident than he felt. \"I don't know of any plans that either Chuck or Vera have to plot against us. They are not hostile.\" There was soft muttering from someone behind the figure across from him. Lem gulped, a shiver running up his spine. He had no idea how many people were in the room with him right now. The murmuring stopped and the figure across from him straightened. \"Alright. Thank you for your cooperation,\" he stated in monotone. \"So you'll let me go?\" Lem dared to ask. \"I'm afraid not,\" the voice replied, causing Lem's throat to tighten. \"We will be holding you here until further notice.\" \"Why! Why are you doing this?\" Lem cried, finally losing his cool. He felt a shift in the room, as though whoever was in there was waiting for him to ask that exact question. \"We are doing this for the protection of our species, Lem,\" the voice replied calmly. The lights flickered on above him, causing Lem to shrink back into his chair and hiss in pain. When his vision cleared, he felt his stomach drop. Sitting across from him was Dr. Glackle, a smug smile plastered across his face. Several other thin-faced men stood behind him, each carefully expressionless. \"Pr-Professor Glackle?\" Lem stuttered in disbelief. \"Surprise.\" Glackle mock-shrugged, smiling in false sympathy. \"I want a team to go to Lem's apartment and see if you can find any clues as to who might have taken him. We've already sent out a team to survey the surrounding area. You,\" Grawl pointed at two short, squat soldiers. \"I want you two to work on finding the nearest military bases as well as names involved. We have limited time, people. We don't know who we're up against here,\" Grawl boomed over his soldiers. Men were scrambling about in a flustered panic, practically tripping over one another. As soon as Vera had gotten to the base, chaos had broken out. Apparently Grawl didn't take kindly to his citizens being abducted by outside military personnel. \"Now, tell us one more time what you saw. As many details as possible,\" Grawl commanded, turning to a cowering Skiff. \"I saw a team of about five guys, big guys, they looked kind of military, but something was off. Anyways, I saw them bust into Lem's place and haul him own. They threw him into the back of some van and sped off! I came to you guys immediately after!\" he ended, looking desperately at Vera, who attempted to give him a sympathetic look. \"Vera,\" Grawl addressed her in a softer tone, yet still remained tense. \"Have you heard anything from Chuck?\" he asked, his tone a little too hopeful. Vera shook her head. \"Not a peep. I'm worried, Grawl,\" she admitted openly. \"I know,\" he replied, an unspoken I am too lingering in the air. \"We'll find them, right?\" she asked, feeling helpless and hating it. Grawl nodded solemnly. \"We'll find them,\" he assured. \"Sir!\" a soldier called from across the room, running towards him. \"Our surveyors have identified an unregistered facility just outside of the city limits! It doesn't appear to be military run, but it seems heavily guarded. Permission to investigate further?\" \"Permission granted,\" Grawl saluted. \"I'm taking this as a lead,\" he said, turning to Vera. \"We established diplomatic terms of your stay on our planet the day of your arrival. The chance of this being a military operation, even outside of our own city, is slim. We can only assume that this is a privately run organization. Judging by this boy's visual description of the men, I'd say it's a safe assumption.\" Vera nodded at everything Grawl said. \"So how do we act? Do we invade?\" she pressed, unfamiliar with military tactics on her own planet, much less on this one. Grawl shook his head. \"No, that would be too risky. If they are holding Lem captive, they could have him anywhere and under any kind of pressure. We don't want him to be harmed in any way, even by accident.\" Vera swallowed, her throat dry. Not a few hours ago, she had just found the solution to all of their problems. Now, it seemed as though things were just as dismal as they had been the day before. \"Charles…\" she whispered under her breath. \"Where are you?\" Chuck entered Lem's apartment silently. He looked around for any signs of distress, pulse pounding in his ears. Nothing was out of place, not a single object overturned. His eyes scanned the kitchen before moving through the living room, and finally into Lem's bedroom. His breath caught in his throat at the sight of the small piece of paper that lay innocently on Lem's pillow. Chuck darted over to it, picking it up to read it. Captain Charles Baker, We have Lem. He will not be harmed if you cooperate. Take the main road out of the city until you get to Dregdob Drive. Turn left and follow the road until you see a large warehouse. You will find Lem there. Come alone or we take his life. This is not a joke. Chuck felt his pulse quicken even more, this time out of sheer anger. They had kidnapped Lem. They had stolen him out of his own home and were holding him hostage. But why? Why would someone do that? Without a second thought, Chuck dropped the note back onto the bed and ran out the door. \"Why!\" Lem yelled. \"I thought you liked them! Why would you lie?\" he demanded, anger boiling in his stomach. \"I thought you wanted to learn from them!\" \"I learned all I needed to know when they admitted to being exactly like us,\" Glackle hissed. Lem bit his tongue to keep him from saying anything else. \"Our race is diseased as it is. Most of us are nothing more than filthy little bottom feeders, satisfied with sitting in our own filth as we fornicate and spawn and fill the world with more disease and pestilence,\" the man spat, a look of utter disgust and hatred on his face. \"We are a planet divided; we will never truly be able to overcome such ridiculous ideas of race and privilege without some kind of morale boost.\" Lem listened quietly, hoping the man's monologue would eventually cause him to spill his plan. \"And then along came an alien race. Such a perfect scapegoat, wouldn't you say?\" Glackle asked with a demented smile. Lem remained silent. \"I saw the opportunity, so I seized it. I planted the first seeds of doubt by writing that ridiculous, over-the-top article about the hostility of these so-called humans. And oh! Did it ever catch people's attention!\" Glackle smiled, cackling gleefully. \"What better to bring together the morale of the people than an outside threat; an alien threat? It will bring us all together! We can band against a common enemy! We will become stronger!\" \"You're insane. They'll find me,\" Lem said at last, his voice confident. Glackle just laughed. \"Oh I certainly hope they do! I'm counting on it, actually,\" he sat back in his chair. Pulling a cloth from his coat pocket, he began to clean his glasses. \"For, you see, once they do get here, I'm going to kill them.\" Dun dun dun! I'm so terribly for leaving off with a cliff hanger like that. But I promise, my next update really won't take as long as the last one. Cheers! Mr. Gregor Samsa[Chapter 10] I lied! This won't be the last chapter! There will be an epilogue. Good god, I stayed up way too late writing this... but sometimes the plot bunnies just force me to stay awake. Anyways, here's the action packed, second to last chapter in my story! I hope you like it! Chapter 10 - Sweet Charity Chuck stood in front of the warehouse, the sun beginning to set in the distance. It was a massive and foreboding structure, a metaphorical tombstone on the horizon. It could be his tombstone if he wasn't careful. Chuck may come off to other as being an irrational, gung-ho type personality, but he didn't pass every single test NASA threw at him with balls and guts alone. Charles T. Baker was a smart man, and he was also a fool. He charged down the path that lead to the front of the building, hoping to god his plan would work. He skidded to a sudden halt as the doors in front of him opened, revealing four guards with guns pointed directly at Chuck's chest. He stood there, both hands in the air, a sheepish grin stretched awkwardly across his face. \"You got me boys,\" he admitted with a small laugh. The soldiers parted to give way to another figure that stepped out into the fading sunlight. \"Professor?\" Chuck asked, eyes widening in disbelief. Glackle smiled smugly. \"Mr. Baker. Come to rescue your friend I presume?\" Glackle asked calmly. Chuck's brow furrowed. \"What have you done with him?\" he growled, taking a threatening step forward. He heard the soldiers charge their guns, making him remain where he was. \"My, my, such passion . The way you two pine for each other… You act like lovers ,\" Glackle sneered, eliciting several sounds of disgust and amusements from his gunmen. Chuck flushed in both anger and embarrassment. \"Don't worry, Captain ,\" the Professor mocked, \"Your little boyfriend is safe. Just follow us and we'll take you to him.\" Without hesitation, Chuck took a step forward and into the facility, gunmen flanking him on both sides. He glared a hole into the back of Glackle's head as they walked, hoping to god he'd drop dead from the sheer amount of hate waves Chuck was pummeling him with. He realized halfway through walking that he should probably be paying attention to the rout they were taking. Sighing internally, he began to pick out landmarks and tried remembering left, left, right, left, right, right, straight and so on. Finally, after descending a set of moist, rock-cut stairs, they came to a halt. \"Oh Lem!\" Glackle called sarcastically. \"We've brought you your little human!\" Chuck peered into the dark room, seeing the vague outline of, what appeared to be, a large jail cell in the corner. Lem rushed into the small amount of light produced by an unstable overhead lamp. His eyes had dark, purple circled beneath them, but other than that he appeared to be unharmed. \"Chuck! You idiot!\" Lem shouted. The gunmen laughed, pushing Chuck towards the jail cell. \"Um, glad to see you're alive?\" Chuck ventured, letting out an oof as he was shoved into the cell with Lem. \"You let yourself get caught! Why? Why would you do that? You shouldn't have come after me…\" Lem whined, grabbing onto his ears and pulling them downwards. \"You two can talk out your differences. I'm sure the female will be arriving soon. We'll have to make preparations to accommodate her.\" Glackle dismissed his gunmen and began to follow them up the stairs. He turned and paused. \"Oh, and don't get to frisky. You're on camera,\" he said, pointing at a small camera stationed in the opposite corner of the room that was aimed directly at the cell. \"Toddleloo!\" he waved his fingers before disappearing up the stairs. \"God that guy is an ass hole!\" Chuck exhaled. \"Honestly I didn't see that one coming,\" he laughed, turning to Lem. His companion had seated himself against the back wall of the cell, slumped over on the floor. \"Hey, buddy, what's wrong? We're together now. We'll get out of here. And hey! Good news! My planet isn't going to grind you guys up anymore!\" Chuck assured, moving to sit down beside Lem. He put an innocent arm around his friend's shoulder in condolence. \"You shouldn't have come…\" Lem all but whispered. \"Why? You think I would just leave you here? No way…\" Chuck smiled confidently, his teeth still very white in the dark. \"They're going to kill you. Then they'll kill Vera. They're going to make it look like some kind of conquest,\" he sighed. \"So you found a solution to the whole butchering us thing, but they're still going to make you guys the enemy. Make you seem like a threat somehow… I don't know how. He didn't elaborate.\" Lem wiped away a tear that threatened the corner of his eye. \"Hey, come on now, you really think I'd run in here without a plan?\" Chuck asked, trying not to show how unnerved the revelation had made him. Lem blinked up at him wearily. \"Yes?\" he questioned. Chuck ppft ed at him. \"No way! I've had a plan all along!\" he exclaimed, grabbing Lem and moving him in front of Chuck before he reached down into the front of his pants. \"Um, Chuck, as romantic as all this may appear, I really don't think now's the time,\" Lem cut in. Chuck just rolled his eyes before pulling out a gun. Lem's eyes widened. \"Oh. I see,\" he said dumbly. \"First thing first, we gotta knock out that camera,\" Chuck explained, speaking in a low voice. Lem realized then that Chuck had moved him so he would block the camera's view of the gun. He simply nodded in affirmation. \"I tried to pay attention as much as I could when they were leading me down here, but this place is a freaking labyrinth! So I'm going to need your help trying to find our way out.\" \"Right!\" Lem was getting excited. \"The most important thing is to get out alive at this point so… please don't judge me if I kill someone. I promise I won't aim to kill,\" Chuck pleaded, and Lem found it odd for some reason. \"I mean, we're in a sticky situation here. The way I see it, it's either kill or be killed,\" Lem offered with a shrug, which seemed to give Chuck some solace. He nodded once. \"Alright, are you ready?\" \"Ready.\" \"Stay where you are,\" Chuck ordered, raising his wrist to rest on Lem's shoulder. He took aim at the camera and fired. In the control room upstairs, one of the surveillance screens blacked out. However, it went unnoticed. The guards on duty were in the midst of a rousing game of cards; completely unaware of the captives they were supposed to be watching. A few hallways down, Glackle sat in his office, typing away on a typewriter, composing his speech for after he saved the world from the vicious aliens. Several miles out, Grawl, Vera, and an impressive number of soldiers assessed the warehouse from afar. \"What is it with unassuming warehouses and military operations?\" Vera asked. \"For the last time, this isn't military,\" Grawl grumbled. She shrugged. \"Still, it's awfully cliché,\" she pointed out. \"What's the news?\" Grawl asked into one of Vera's communicators that she had lent them for the mission. \"Definitely a base of some kind, Sir,\" came the reply from a young soldier. \"There appear to be several points of entrance, but the main one is right smack dab in the front. I can only assume that is where they'll be least vulnerable. Best come in from the sides.\" \"Excellent work, soldier, now return to your squadron,\" Grawl commanded. \"Yes, Sir, over and out.\" The communicator beeped definitively. \"Can you use a gun?\" Grawl asked. Vera just stared at him. \"I can,\" she admitted slowly. Without another word, he handed her a strange, metallic gun, clasping bother her hands around the handle and holding them there. \"Promise me you'll use it if you're threatened,\" he demanded, his eyes pleading. Vera nodded slowly. \"If I'm threatened,\" she repeated. The last thing Vera ever wanted to be a part of was war, of any kind. She despised killings, thinking there nothing intelligent about taking another creatures life unless one planned on eating it. Military tactics always appalled her, senseless bloodshed making her stomach turn. Yet somehow, as Grawl commanded his forces, she saw a strange sense of elegance in the way they worked together, as one. It was like a cell, groups of people doing multiple jobs at once, all working towards one cause. It was neat, efficient, and somewhat impressive. In all the chaos, Vera found it quite ironic that she had found momentary beauty in violence. After a few tries, Chuck had blasted through their cell door, the two moving swiftly up the stairs. Lem stayed close behind, constantly circling, walking backwards, then sideways, then forwards, then sideways. It was making him dizzy, but he had to do it. He had to be able to see everywhere at once, which he knew was impossible. And yet here he was, attempting just that. Maybe it was dumb luck, maybe it was perfect timing, or maybe Chuck really did have everything under control, but everything was going unbelievably smoothly. That is, until Chuck came to a grinding halt in a four way intersection. \"Alright, this is where things get foggy,\" he whispered, gun outstretched, moving his arm from one hallway to the next. \"Should we flip a coin?\" Lem asked helplessly. \"Do you have a coin?\" \"… \" \"Then that's not going to work.\" Down the hall, the sound of people approaching caused Lem's heart to jump into his throat. \"We gotta hide!\" he hissed hysterically. \"Follow me,\" Chuck ordered, moving up against one of the wooden doors. Holding his gun at the ready, he slowly turned the knob. Rushing inside, Lem heard a surprised shout, followed by a dull thud. He rushed in, closing the door to find Chuck standing over the body of an unconscious soldier. \"Is he dead?\" Lem asked. \"No, I just knocked him out, but find some rope or something. We have to tie him up.\" After they had secured the soldier and Lem had taken his gun, Chuck pressed his ear to the door. The small group of soldiers outside marched past the room they were occupying and down the hall. Chuck let out a shaky breath he didn't realize he was holding. \"Alright, let's get back out there and…\" Chuck froze. Out of all the possible rooms, they appeared to have stumbled into a very important one. Lem was already staring at the blueprints that were spread across the large, wooden table. \"Is that…?\" Chuck started. \"A missile,\" Lem supplied, shaking his head slowly in disbelief. Emblazoned on the side of the sketched missile were the American flag and the NASA logo. \"They're planning on using this against their own people… and blaming it on you ,\" Lem sputtered in disbelief. He turned to Chuck, eyes wide, his innocence seeping away by the second. \"They would kill people needlessly just to prove a point ?\" he asked, almost hoping Chuck would tell him it wasn't true. Chuck had nothing to say. He stood there, gun hanging limply at his side, speechless. Lem rolled up the blueprint, folding it once. He strode over to Chuck. \"Put this in your jacket,\" he instructed, and Chuck did so. \"If we get out of here, we have the evidence to prove these guys were nuts.\" Chuck nodded, tucking the incriminating blueprint into the inside pocket of his blue jacket. \"Hey, what's that?\" he asked, peering around Lem. Beneath the missile blueprints lay something that looked like a floor plan. The two shuffled over to the backside of the table, brushing the extra papers out of the way. Sure enough, there were the blueprints to the very building they were in. Chuck let out a gleeful laugh. \"They must have made these when they converted this place into a base!\" Lem exclaimed, grinning. It only took them a minute to pinpoint their location, retracing their steps on the map. \"My god, we're so close to an exit!\" Chuck exclaimed. \"Not close enough.\" The two jerked to look up. Glackle had opened the door silently, three soldiers flanking him, guns aimed directly at Chuck and Lem. \"My, my, you two really are quite the duo. I must admit, I never saw this coming,\" Glackle sneered, maddeningly calm. Lem and Chuck remained frozen, both of their guns hidden under the table. \"Now, if you'd please take your filthy hands off of those floor plans, we'll be taking you back to your cell. \"Hmm…\" Chuck seemed to contemplate, \"Nah.\" With one swift movement, Chuck kicked over the large table, grabbing Lem by the shirt and pulling him down behind it. Glackle shouted in surprise as gunfire began to fly over their heads. \"Stay down,\" Chuck whispered. \"Get them!\" Glackle screeched. Chuck took a deep breath, readying his gun before spinning to his knees with lightening speed. With practiced ease, he targeted and shot all three soldiers before they had time to figure out what the human was doing. As they each fell, the terrified look on Glackle's face gave Chuck all the confidence he needed. Rising to his feet, he aimed the gun directly at Glackle's head. \"Now it's your turn,\" he said, feeling like an action movie star. To his surprise, Glackle turned on his heel and bolted out the door. \"Hey!\" Chuck shouted. \"Coward!\" He motioned for Lem to get up, the two of them taking off immediately. \"Alright, follow me!\" Chuck called to Lem behind him. \"Gun at the ready!\" The two ran swiftly down the corridor, moving with ease now that they had a destination. They finally made their way to a large hanger that housed a lone helicopter-type machine. Pressed against the wall, they attempted to squeeze into the shadows as a group of soldiers with guns trotted across the large expanse. Alarms were sounding off in the distance as well as the sound of gunfire and shouting. Lem turned to Chuck. \"Do you think Grawl got here?\" he whispered. Chuck shrugged, eyeing the door at the opposite end of the hanger. \"Whatever it is, their attention is diverted,\" Chuck whispered back. \"Come on, we need to move.\" The two scuttled along the wall for a minute before breaking into a run across the hangar. Chuck felt hope flitter into his heart. They were so close. A shot rang out, echoing through the hanger. Chuck and Lem froze, mere feet from the door to freedom. Another shot and Chuck cried out, falling backwards as pain ripped through his upper body. \"NO!\" Lem screamed, stupidly dropping his gun to fall to his friend's side. A harried Glackle slowly crossed the hall towards them, completely alone, limping, gun raised. \"You think I'd let you get away that easily? You may have gotten the military in on this, but at least I can go away with the satisfaction of watching the both of you die!\" Glackle shrieked, spittle flying from his mouth in his hysterics. \"Starting with the human,\" he said, aiming the gun at Chuck's head. Lem sucked in a breath, looking into Chuck's eyes for the last time, drinking in their life. Just then, the door behind them opened. Glackle quickly looked up, frozen in surprise. There stood Vera, stone-faced as ever. She looked at Glackle with his gun, down at the bleeding Chuck and terrified Lem, back up at Glackle, and promptly raised her gun and shot, all without ever batting an eye. Glackle went down, hitting the ground with a thud, eyes still wide with shock and disbelief as his gun clattered across the floor and away from him. More of Grawl's men flooded the room, guns at the ready, Grawl himself among them, sprinting towards Chuck, Lem, and Vera. \"He's hurt,\" Vera said, kneeling beside Chuck, pressing a hand over his wound. \"It's not fatal, but we need to get him out of here,\" she ordered. Grawl motioned and several of his soldiers stepped forward to help carry Chuck out of the base. Before they began to move, Chuck reached into his jacket and pulled out the blueprint. He pressed it into Vera's hand, nodding once. She tightened her grip around the piece of paper, watching as the soldiers carried her partner out of the building, a worried Lem trailing behind them. Grawl was looking down at Glackle. \"Poor, insane bastard,\" he mused, shaking his head. Vera let out a heaving sigh, letting her gun fall to the ground. \"Don't ever make me kill someone ever again.\" There was a pause in which the two simply stared at the dead Professor. \"I did not make you kill anyone,\" Grawl stated neutrally. Vera remained still for a moment before turning and walking out of the base. Grawl lingered briefly before following her. Vera stood a few meters away, looking across the desert as the soft twilight turned the rocks and sands into hard blue and black silhouettes on the horizon. \"What you did was admirable,\" Grawl assured. Vera did not face him. \"Yes, I suppose it was.\" \"Captain Baker and Lem are safe now, the entire operation has been apprehended. We have succeeded.\" \"Yes, we have.\" \"What is wrong, then?\" Grawl asked, trying his best not to sound impatient. Vera finally turned, her eyes bright even in the coming darkness. \"Nothing is wrong, and that's the problem,\" she sighed. Grawl took several commanding steps forward, looking Vera straight in the eyes. \"You think too much,\" he stated before pulling her in to a forceful kiss. Vera could do nothing but kiss back. \"He'll be okay?\" Lem asked again, wringing his hands in nervous anticipation. \"Yes! For the last time, yes! He's fine! It was a minor wound!\" the old doctor shouted, mumbling something about nagging as he packed up his back. \"You can go see for yourself if you want,\" he barked. Lem didn't need to be told twice. He burst into the white, sterile room of the hospital, shuffling over to Chuck's bed, which was a tad too small for him. \"Hey,\" Lem said softly. Chuck's eyes opened wearily. \"Hey yourself,\" he retorted, cracking a smile. Lem let out a laugh that was just a little too loud, but he couldn't help it. Relief flooded his small body. He lovingly stroked Chuck's hair, cupping his neck with his other hand. \"I'm so glad you're okay,\" he breathed in. \"You were so… totally… awesome, you know. Back there. You were just… amazing. It was cool,\" Lem exclaimed, feeling childish and stupid and in love. \"Ahh, you're making my ego even bigger than it already is,\" Chuck proclaimed, looking off to the side for a moment. He looked back into Lem's eyes and brought his hand up to cup his round, green face. They shared a comfortable silence for a long moment before Lem bent down and placed a soft kiss onto Chuck's lips. It was so gentle and innocent that Chuck felt his chest might explode. He couldn't help himself when he pulled Lem closer, to deepen everything. His head was swimming with emotion. They were alive, both of them, and it felt so wonderful. A knock on the door made them both jerk away from one another. \"Come in,\" Chuck called, his voice cracking to his chagrin. The door opened slowly and Vera's head poked around the corner. \"Oh good,\" she exclaimed, stepping in and closing the door behind her. \"I was really hoping I wouldn't walk in on you two smooching or something.\" She winked knowingly at Chuck while Lem flushed in embarrassment. \"Anyways, I'm here to drop off these,\" she held up a vase of strange, globular flowers, \"and to herald some good news. The blueprints you gave me were enough to get us out of hot water and to shut down all of Glackle's facilities. Everyone involved has either been arrested or will be shortly.\" She grinned in satisfaction. \"And it gets even better. Kennedy got the reports on the rain rocks. They're ecstatic to say the very least. They want to set up a permanent base here on P51, if we can set up an arrangement with the locals, that is, which I'm sure wouldn't be a problem. Shipments of the rocks would be sent back to Earth every two weeks.\" She beamed. \"And here's the kicker! They need people to stay here and run the operation. Humans . Of course, I nominated the two of us. Hope you don't mind.\" Lem and Chuck stared at her in silent disbelief. \"Are you saying… that we won't have to go back to Earth right away?\" Chuck asked, eyes as round as saucers. Vera was practically glowing. \"That is precisely what I'm saying, Captain Baker.\" Stay tuned for the final chapter! It'll be short, sweet, and completely open-ended. I hope everyone's enjoyed my story. I'm so thankful for all of my readers. You guys are really the reason I kept going. KEEP BEING AWESOME. 3 Gregor[Chapter 11] At last! The final installment of the (way more successful than I anticipated) fic: Return to Planet 51! You have all been such wonderful readers. Thank you so much for sticking with me through the entire thing. Enjoy the final installment! ~Gregor Epilogue - This Side of Paradise It had been three months, three glorious months of peace. The rain rock shipments were going swimmingly, a shuttle landing every two weeks, empty, on the planet's surface, taking off two days later with a large shipment of rocks. Earth had averted its energy crisis, able to expand and create better, more fuel-efficient cars, busses, trains, and especially space shuttles. It was summer on P51: hot and humid and so satisfying. Lem was throwing an arbitrary party at his newly bought house. It was small and needed a bit of work, but it was finally something he owned, something he could call his own. The party was appropriately called the \"Welcome To My New House/Three Months Since the Astraeus Landing\" party. Vera lounged in a cheap, plastic lawn chair, stretched out like a cat in the sun. Her large sunglasses made her look even more alien than she already did. She tilted them down onto her nose slightly, gazing over their tops to eye the approaching Charles Baker with a quirked eyebrow. \"Burgers?\" Chuck offered, smiling toothily. He was wearing a ridiculously bright button up shirt that barely deserved to be ceremoniously burned, much less worn. \"I told you, I don't do the floating meat thing,\" Vera dismissed, coolly pushing her sunglasses back into place. Chuck shrugged and walked over to a tittering Lem. He was attempting to play good host by interacting with several scatterbrained astronomy professors. Chuck caught him laughing at a particularly cheesy joke, teeth bared, eyes pleading for help. Chuck took pity. \"Hey Lem, I still can't figure out how to get these burgers to behave. Mind giving me a hand inside?\" Chuck asked with a sly grin. Lem looked relieved. \"Excuse me gentlemen, I must go impart some knowledge. Help yourself to the juice bar! I'll be back in a bit.\" Once out of earshot, Lem leaned in close to the human. \"I owe you.\" \"Hmm… I'll have to think of a fitting way for you to reciprocate, then.\" Chuck wiggled his eyebrows. All Lem could do was laugh. They entered the kitchen, scooting around two of Lem's female co-workers. They both waved at Chuck, and left in a fit of giggles. Lem sighed. \"I don't get it. You are such a lady magnet,\" Lem exclaimed. \"And a dude magnet,\" Chuck corrected, causing Lem to roll his eyes and take the tray of burgers. \"Whatever. As long as I know you're sticking with me and only me, I'm a happy guy.\" \"Lem.\" Chuck gave him a serious look. \"You know I meant what I said.\" \"Yeah, I know… you're just so popular!\" Lem protested, setting the burgers on the table. \"I'm all yours, buddy. You should know this.\" Chuck scolded, moving to look out the kitchen window. The green people milled about in the cramped back yard, making small talk, going back for fifths at the juice bar, and generally enjoying themselves. Vera was passively explaining something to a fascinated Neera and an excited looking Skiff as Rover chased a terrifying looking alien pet around the perimeter. \"I know…\" Lem said again, sounding defeated. Chuck turned around with a wicked smile. \"Hey, if you were just asking for some proof, there are much more affective ways to do it,\" he said, pushing of the counter and swaggering over to Lem, who promptly grew a shade darker, but smiled back with a similar amount of enthusiasm. \"Oh?\" he asked innocently, placing his hands at the base of Chuck's neck, brushing a thumb beneath the collar of the human's shirt. \"You'll have to teach me what to do next time.\" Chuck grunted, pushing Lem back against the kitchen table, leaning down to talk right into his ear. \"Well there is this one thing you do with your…\" \"Ahem…\" The two of them jumped so badly, Chuck ended up almost four feet away from Lem. His hands snapped to his side as he took in the sight of General Grawl standing awkwardly in the doorway leading to the hall. The three stood there for a moment, Chuck at attention, Lem, whose whole body had become limp, and Grawl, who was making a particularly amusing face without really looking at either of them. \"This didn't happen,\" Grawl said finally, moving swiftly to the door. \"Yes sir!\" Chuck yelled, saluting vigorously as Grawl exited. Lem looked petrified. There was a tense moment of silence before Chuck started shaking with silent laughter. Then the laughter became less silent. \"That wasn't funny!\" Lem exclaimed, motioning emphatically towards the door. Chuck wiped tears from his eyes, trying to regain his breathing. \"Oh my god, I disagree, it was so funny,\" Chuck bellowed, doubling over with more laughter. \"He could tell someone,\" Lem said soberly. \"Dude, and be a total hypocrite? No, he's sleeping with Vera. He won't say a word,\" Chuck protested. \"But… he's in the military!\" \"Which means he's probably done some awkward experimental group circle-jerking. Don't worry about Grawl. He's got our back,\" Chuck assured. Lem laughed, despite himself, stepping forward to place a quick, but firm kiss on the man's lips. \"I...\" he started, his eyes darting off to the side awkwardly. \"You…?\" Chuck prompted. \"I just wanted…\" Lem struggled with his words, swallowing thickly. \"I've been meaning to say… for a while… that… I…\" Instinctively, Chuck stepped forward. Wrapping his arms tightly around Lem's lower back, he scooped him up into a kiss. This time they did not cut short for fear of someone seeing. This time they were they only two beings that mattered, the rest of the world be damned. Lem threw his arms around Chuck's shoulders, pressing against him as hard as he could, wanting to melt into the beautiful human who was never ashamed to hold Lem with a vulnerable desperation only he was allowed to see. \"I love you,\" Lem breathed as their lips parted, eyes still closed. Their foreheads were pressed together. Lem could feel Chuck smiling without having to look. \"And I lo-…\" Chuck started, but a distant rumbling interrupted the moment, causing the two to open their eyes. \"What's that?\" Lem asked, stepping away. \"Sounds like… a ship.\" Chuck said in disbelief. \"But another shuttle isn't due back for another week.\" The two rushed out the kitchen door into the back yard. All of the guests looked disturbed and somewhat frightened. Vera had risen from her seat, her sunglasses pushed on top of her head, eyes to the sky. Sure enough, streaking across the horizon was a shimmering Earth shuttle, gleaming as it caught the sun's rays. \"We should go to the landing site. Now,\" Vera commanded. It took them almost twenty minutes to get across town to the landing site for Earth shuttles. By the time they arrived, the two humans were standing at attention several feet away from the massive craft. Vera and Chuck approached the two men, greeting them formally. \"Gentlemen. To what do we owe the pleasure?\" Chuck asked, smiling amiably. \"We are here on a diplomatic mission. We wish to foster a lasting relationship with the people of Planet 51 and wish to share cultural information. It has been requested by the leaders of several world nations that ambassadors from Planet 51 come to Earth to help promote good public representation and learn of our culture in the same way that we have learned of theirs,\" the man ended with a curt nod. Chuck looked at Vera, who returned his gaze. The two shared a rare smile before Vera turned to address the men. \"We'll see what we can do.\" END Or is it? ","Summary":" Dear Readers, Ok, so yes, I have 2 other unfinished stories, but the plot bunnies wouldn't let me s"},{"Movie":"Conjuring","Title":"Through Her Own Eyes","Author":"EvelynElizabeth214","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13126010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from the movie or real life, only my own character. \"Ruth, can you get Judy up please?\" Lorraine, Ruth's adoptive mother, called to her from the kitchen. Ruth walked down the hallway to her little sister's room, opening the door and turning on the light. \"Mom said to get up,\" she called before walking towards the kitchen. She could hear Judy moving around in the bed before small footsteps started following her. When they got in the kitchen, Ed was also in there. \"Morning dad,\" Ruth said as she sat next to him. \"Morning, girls,\" he said after taking a sip of coffee. Ruth took a mug from the middle of the table and poured herself some coffee as Lorraine brought a stack of pancakes over to the table and sat on Ed's other side. \"Don't forget about that lecture we have this afternoon,\" Lorraine reminded her husband as everyone started getting their own pancakes, Ruth helping out Judy. \"Can I come?\" Ruth asked, looking between her parents eagerly. Ed and Lorraine exchanged glances, looks that Ruth had been very familiar with. \"Please?\" The Warren's had adopted Ruth when she was three years old. Her parents had abandoned her because they said she was \"too different.\" When the Warren's heard what her birth parents cited that she'd done as a toddler, they knew they needed to help her. Like Lorraine, Ruth was a clairvoyant. The only problem is that her gift sometimes had a mind of its own and was far more intense than what Lorraine experienced most of the time. She'd been with them to investigate a couple of haunted places in her later teen years, but some of her experiences made Ed and Lorraine concerned for her safety, both physically and spiritually. Now at 25, she wanted to try to help them more. Ruth felt like she would have more control on the way her gift worked, but she would never truly know if she didn't test things out. Her parents were going to give a lecture at a university later that afternoon, and she'd heard the lecture plenty of times before, but she still wanted to go. Something about this particular lecture called out to her, like she needed to be there. \"Fine, you can come,\" Ed said to his oldest child with a small smile. \"You'll have to stay behind the stage, though.\" \"Thank you!\" Ruth said, jumping out of her seat to give her father a quick hug. Ruth always found the questions people asked at those lectures to be boring, or stupid. Her parents took the bad questions like champions – way more level-headed than she ever could. The people that came to their house to see the artifact room weren't always nice, either. Anyone ever asked about was the Annabelle doll since her parents had worked on that case. And the house in Amityville. Even though Ruth hadn't been there for that, she could feel the things that had happened to her mom there. The exorcism, the poltergeist activity, all of it. She'd talked to her mom about it not long after they'd gotten home from it but wouldn't dare say anything to her dad. It would make him worry too much and he was already worried about Lorraine with her gift. Adding to that worry didn't sound like a very good idea. She always felt drawn to Annabelle, too, since they'd brought the doll home in 1968, but neither of her parents knew that. After a while she was able to ignore the feeling, but it was stronger when her parents were away. She knew Judy didn't have the same gift as her or their mother, and often wondered if she resented her for that. Sometimes they would get into arguments over nothing, but Ruth knew sometimes it was about that. One day, Ruth was outside with Lorraine, Judy, and their Nana, feeding their chickens. She heard Ed walking out of the house before Lorraine did and looked over to see him coming up to the gate. She half-listened to the conversation between her parents before Lorraine followed her husband over to their car. She could tell just by their body language that whatever they were talking about had to do with a new case. She hadn't been anywhere near a haunted place in months, and she wanted to go with them this time. \"Can I go with you?\" Ruth asked her dad after Lorraine walked back into the house. \"Please?\" Ed looked away from Ruth and sighed before giving her a serious look. \"Fine,\" he said, Lorraine coming up behind him. \"What?\" she said, looking over to her oldest daughter. \"Dad said I could go with you this time,\" Ruth said with a grin, crossing her arms in satisfaction. Lorraine gave her husband a stern look but didn't protest before getting into the front seat of the car. At the house Father Gordon had asked them to check out, Ruth was trying hard not to act bored. It only took her walking into the house to know that there was no paranormal activity going on – it was just an old house. And the young couple who lived there were just scared because of some old pipes and creaky floorboards. \"Can I start doing this stuff more with you guys?\" Ruth asked when they were on the way home. \"We all know about my gift, but I never get to use it. If I don't get to use it, how can I get control of it? I want to be able to help people, too.\" \"Ruth, we've talked about his,\" Lorraine said sternly. \"I know you want to work on your gift, but it's too dangerous for you. You could get hurt.\" \"Like you couldn't?\" \"For you it would be worse.\" \"Your mother's right,\" Ed said, glancing back at Ruth. \"We can't let you just walk into some place that's haunted and expect you to come out of it safe. At least not every time.\" \"Why not? I'm an adult, I can make these decisions on my own.\" \"Ruth, no,\" Lorraine looked back at her, deadly serious. \"I cannot allow you to put yourself in that much danger.\" Ruth decided not to argue about it further just yet and sat in the back seat silently until they got home. She would have to talk to them in the morning to give all them time to think clearly about it. \"Ruth, we have talked about this time and time again. You are not going to start working on cases with us,\" Lorraine said the next morning, even more sternly than the previous night. \"If you want to come with us for these lectures, that's fine. But I'm not going to allow you to put yourself in danger like that.\" \"You know you're being a huge hypocrite about this,\" Ruth shot back, trying not to yell. Ed had gotten himself out of the argument early on, knowing what he had to say wouldn't be very important, and that it would be the same thing Lorraine had to say on the matter. \"You go into these places all the time. You're risking your own neck to save people! Why can't I do the same?\" \"You don't have a good hold on your abilities,\" Lorraine countered. \"I do most of the time. And I don't want to see you hurt.\" Ed could hear footsteps going down the hallway before hearing the front door open and close a little too loudly. It wasn't long until Lorraine walked into the kitchen, rubbing her temple. \"What are we gonna do, Ed?\" she said, sitting at the kitchen table with him. \"She's been asking about going with us on cases more and more. I'm just not sure what to do about it anymore.\" \"I don't either,\" Ed admitted, taking his wife's hand. \"And she was right last night – she is an adult now. It should be up to her if she wants to get into this with us. I don't want her to just as much as you don't, but maybe it's time she did.\" Lorraine gave him a steady look and thought about what they would do about Ruth. She knew Ruth would eventually find a way to do things on her own if they didn't let her go with them on cases – she'd done it before as a teenager. But her experience back then was enough to scare her off from doing things on her own again. \"I guess she can go with us on our next case,\" Lorraine finally gave in. \"But that means she needs to start coming to every lecture we give, too.\" \"I'll go find her and tell her,\" Ed said with a small smile as he stood from the table. He knew where Ruth probably was – she enjoyed climbing trees even in her 20s. He found her in the tree next to the driveway, singing quietly to herself. She did that when she needed to calm down. \"Hey,\" he called up to her, giving her a smile when she looked down at him. \"You mother and I have been talking about you going on cases with us.\" Ruth tried not to seem interested, but Ed knew her better than that. After a moment she climbed down the tree to face her father. \"What did mom say?\" she asked, refusing to look him in the eye. \"She's just worried about you in those situations,\" Ed said, making Ruth look him in the eye. \"And so am I, but I think I've convinced her that since you're an adult now you should be able to make those decisions yourself.\" \"So, what's the catch?\" Ruth asked with a small smile. She could just tell by his tone of voice that there had to be a catch to this deal. \"You have to start going with us to lectures,\" he said with a bemused expression. \"All of them.\" Ruth hugged her father tightly, catching him off guard a little. She was grinning when she faced him again and started back into the house. \"Is she still mad at me?\" she asked Ed as they walked through the front door. \"Of course not,\" Ed replied, closing the door behind him. \"Just protective. And worried.\" Hello good readers! For now this is the only chapter I will submit - I am already up to Chapter 4. I will post the other chapters if I get decent feedback about this chapter. Until then, I'll look forward to reviews![Chapter 2] Hello good readers! Thank you to Cocoa Weasley for the lovely review! I've decided to go ahead and put up Chapter 2 tonight. Per my previous disclaimer, I do not own anything from the Conjuring universe or anything from real life, just my OC. Also, if there are any kind of mistakes those are also my own as this story is not beta'd. Enjoy! Ruth was going with her parents to a lecture they were doing on demonic possession at a college in Massachusetts. She'd only heard this lecture a couple times before and had never actually seen any of the footage from the exorcism Ed focused his lecture around. Instead of being more behind the scenes, she sat in the audience to listen. She wanted to learn everything she could from her parents about paranormal entities. While she didn't always like watching the things her parents had done previously, she knew it would be just one way to learn more about what they did. After the lecture, Ruth was helping her parents but their gear back into the car to go home when Drew, their assistant, came up to them with a woman. After Drew explained that she wanted to talk to them, he left. \"How can we help you?\" Lorraine asked, turning to the woman. \"There's something horrible happening in my house,\" the woman said, sounding scared. Ruth took one look at her and knew she was experiencing something really bad at home, but she let her parents talk to the woman. \"Could you come and take a look?\" \"You know, uh, it's getting kind of late,\" Ed replied, also facing the woman. \"We really need to be heading to our family.\" \"No, you don't understand,\" the woman said, having almost cut him off. \"But we do.\" Ruth wasn't liking the tone her dad was taking with the woman. \"There's usually some sort of rational explanation.\" \"I have five daughters that are scared to death,\" the woman pleaded. \"I'm so afraid this thing wants to hurt us. You have two daughters. Wouldn't you do anything you could to protect them?\" Lorraine and Ed exchanged looks before looking back to Ruth. She sympathized with the woman. Something about their house was obviously scaring her and the rest of her family. \"Please. Please can you come take a look?\" the woman begged. Eventually Lorraine looked over to Ed and nodded, \"Of course, we will,\" she said, giving the woman a warm smile. \"I can come this time, right?\" Ruth asked once the woman had given them her address. \"I mean, it's not like we can just drive me home since I didn't drive my car this time.\" \"I guess we can't exactly lock you in the car once we get there,\" Ed said sarcastically with a smile. Ruth smirked as she got in the back seat of the car before Ed drove away from the college, starting towards Rhode Island. When they got to the house, Ruth had a bad feeling about the place. Everything about it screamed negative energy, even the creek in the distance. She knew right then that if they didn't help the family, someone was going to get hurt. Ruth watched as her parents looked around the Perron's home; she could tell her mom felt something once they were inside the house, and her dad was quickly beginning to believe the mother that something was really wrong with that house. Their family seemed so nice and Ruth only hoped they would be able to help. She noticed when Lorraine looked at one of the photos sitting on a table upstairs and also looked, wondering why they would just fly off the walls like Carolyn said they did. When Lorraine asked to see the cellar, Ruth had a sinking feeling in her stomach. Even before they reached the door to go down there, she had this really negative feeling about it. \"Ruth, are you alright?\" Lorraine asked as they followed the Perrons to the cellar entrance. Carolyn noticed this and wondered what Lorriane meant. \"I'm fine, mom,\" Ruth said with a forced smile. Lorraine gave her what she called \"the look\" – she knew Ruth wasn't telling the truth and would want to talk about it later. They all went into the cellar and Ruth watched her mom get to work. She stood in the middle of the room and closed her eyes, breathing deeply. \"You picking up anything in here, hon?\" Ed asked his wife from behind her. Ruth came up beside her mom and touched her shoulder, seeing what Lorraine had just seen. \"Something awful happened here, Ed,\" she said with a grave look. She looked over at Ruth. \"Is that why you didn't want to come down here, Ruth?\" Ruth nodded slowly, looking towards the floor. She knew Lorraine probably felt what she had been feeling before entering the cellar since she touched her. After taking a look in the cellar, they all went back upstairs, and Carolyn made coffee for everyone. \"Those bruises, they something that happened here?\" Ed asked Carolyn when he noticed her arm. \"Oh, it's some iron deficiency thing I have,\" Carolyn said nervously. Ruth knew better, and she thought her mom did, too. \"You know, with all that's been going on, why haven't you just moved out?\" \"Well, I don't know where we'd move to, you know?\" Roger, the father, said. \"We got all our money tied up in this place and had a lot of repairs on top of that. And I don't now anybody who's gonna take in a family of seven indefinitely. That's why we tracked you down.\" \"We're glad you found us. Alright, let's get started.\" Ed was going to make a recording to document their work with the Perron family, starting with an interview. Ruth was interested in this, but was also interested in talking with April, the youngest daughter. She went and found her mom talking with April about the things she'd seen before. Ruth watched silently as Lorraine took the music box from April to \"see Rory.\" She smiled at the girl when she looked at her before sitting with them, watching her mother carefully. Supposedly, you could see a little boy in the mirror of the music box. After a moment Lorraine looked to the window behind her and back to the music box with a concerned expression. She looked over to Ruth, then back at the music box again. \"Here, look,\" she said, standing up and motioning for Ruth to sit where she was. Ruth got up from her seat slowly, looking over to April then at Lorraine. She was nervous, wondering what exactly she was going to be seeing in the mirror. After she sat down, she cranked the music box and it started playing. She looked into the mirror as the music played and the little mirror spun around. The reflection was of the window Loraine had looked into, and as the music began slowing down, she saw it. There was a little boy in the window, except he looked very sick. And there was a woman behind him. The only word that came to mind about her was evil. Ruth swallowed loudly before handing the music box back to April. \"That's a very nice music box,\" she said, forcing a smile. Ruth stayed with Lorraine after that and followed her outside. There was something about the tree by the creek that Ruth didn't like. She followed her mom about halfway to the tree but eventually stopped, too scared to go near it. Soon she heard the door open behind her and her dad walked up to her. \"You okay?\" he asked, putting a hand on her back. \"Yeah,\" Ruth said distantly, staring over at Lorraine. Ed walked over to Lorraine and Ruth watched as they talked, then looked up towards the tree branch above them. She'd been trying not to look herself, but finally couldn't help it as her eyes scanned the form of a woman hanging. It made her feel sick to her stomach to look at it, and for a brief moment she wondered if she really wanted to get herself involved in this kind of thing after all. \"Ruth, what did you see in that music box?\" Lorraine asked her later that evening when they both had a moment to themselves. \"Well, I did see a little boy,\" Ruth answered with a small shrug. \"But there was someone with him. A woman. I don't know who she was, but she was most definitely evil.\" Lorraine pursed her lips and looked away from Ruth, putting a comforting hand on her shoulder. Not long after their exchange, Lorraine and Ed talked with Roger and Carolyn about the state of their house – Ruth wasn't very interested in talking about the entity she and her mother had seen. She looked on from the doorway of the kitchen as she watched the Perron's world crash around them, but it wasn't long until it was time to go. Ruth stayed silent as they left, unsure of herself in that home. All she knew was that the family needed help. Thanks for reading! The next chapter will be up rather soon - I just want to get a few more words in on later chapters before posting more.[Chapter 3] That night, Ruth barely even spoke to Judy once they got home. She needed rest, badly. Going into the Perron's home had drained her energy and she knew if she was going to help her parents further with the case then she needed to rest. Some time after she heard her mom putting Judy to bed, there was a soft knock on the bedroom door. \"Hey, honey,\" Lorraine said from the doorway, smiling at her oldest daughter. \"Can I talk to you for a minute?\" \"Sure mom,\" Ruth said, sitting up in bed. Worry was etched into her face and Ruth couldn't tell what exactly Lorraine was worried about. \"Well, I could tell how being at that house was affecting you today,\" Lorraine started, sitting on the edge of the bed. \"You look exhausted. Are you sure you want to continue helping us with this case? Maybe it's too much for you right now.\" \"No, I want to help, mom,\" Ruth said, trying not to get irritated. \"You're right, being there today was pretty draining, but it was for you, too. It's not hard for me to tell that. I want to keep working this case with you and dad. If I don't, how am I going to have any kind of control over my gift?\" Lorraine looked away from Ruth and sighed, knowing she was right. \"I know,\" she finally said, making Ruth smile at her. \"I just want you to be careful while we're doing this. If anything at all happens, if something becomes too much for you, please just tell me. Or your father. Even if he doesn't possess the same gift as us, he does understand. We can figure out a way to get you out of there if you need us to any time when we go back.\" Ruth nodded and there was another soft knock on the door. It was her father. \"Hey,\" he said when he poked his head in. He had the tape recorder in his hand. \"You're not gonna believe this.\" He walked into the room and sat the recorder down on Ruth's nightstand. \"You'll want to hear this, too Ruth,\" he continued. \"Since you were in the room during part of this. Carolyn's voice didn't record.\" \"What do you mean?\" Lorraine asked, more interested in what Ed wanted to have her listen to. \"Listen.\" He played the tape back that he'd recorded earlier that day and Lorraine and Ruth both listened intently. In the spots Ruth knew Carolyn had been talking, there was complete silence. \"Nothing the whole time.\" Ed stopped the recording. \"I don't know. You find anything?\" He looked to both Lorraine and Ruth for an answer. \"Lots,\" Lorraine started. \"I mean, it's no wonder they're going through what they are.\" She stood up then, and Ruth was wide awake now, so she followed her parents into the kitchen. Lorraine had a bunch of old documents strewn across the kitchen table. \"That's the original farmhouse. It was built in 1863 by a man named Jedson Sherman, who was married to a woman named Bathsheba.\" At the name Bathsheba, Ruth thought about the woman she'd seen behind the little boy ghost at the house, and the woman hanging from the tree in the front yard. She barely listened as Lorraine continued on about the gruesome history of the house, and eventually started feeling lightheaded. \"Ruth, are you okay?\" Ed asked her, his voice sounding like she was far away or under water. Suddenly her mind cleared as the recorder started playing again, except this time there were garbled noises in place of where Carolyn's voice should have been. All three of them looked at the recorder, stunned. Ruth looked to the clock on the table and noticed it was 3:07 am. The same time Bathsheba Sherman was pronounced dead when she hung herself. A few days later, The Warrens had a whole crew with them to investigate the Perron's house further. Ruth wasn't sure she wanted to go back in there, but she felt safer staying with the others than staying outside by herself. Drew was picking on the police officer who was there with him and Ruth couldn't help but giggle at his antics. Once everyone started setting up the equipment, Ruth helped her dad. \"You sure about this stuff, kiddo?\" he asked her as they set up some recording equipment in one of the second-floor bedrooms. Ruth couldn't help but smirk at his use of the word \"kiddo.\" \"Yes, dad, I'm sure,\" Ruth answered with a smile. \"I'm also not a kid anymore, you know. I'm 25. Just because I'm still living at home doesn't mean I couldn't.\" \"I'm not sure your mother would enjoy you trying to move away,\" Ed said with a small smile. \"Or Judy, either.\" \"I know.\" Ruth started untangling some wires before continuing, \"This kind of scares me, dad.\" Ed stopped what he was doing to look at his daughter before walking over to her and wrapping her in a hug. \"I know, sweetheart,\" he said, kissing the side of her head. \"Your mother can take care of you. You know that. And for anything else outside of the paranormal, you've always got me.\" Ruth couldn't help but smile as she hugged her dad back. \"I just keep getting this feeling that something really bad is going to happen while we're here.\" \"Well, as long as you stick around with your mother and me you will be just fine.\" Later that afternoon, Ruth was taking a look around outside while the others were finishing setting up the equipment, trying to piece together the place's history in her head. There had been so much tragedy on that family farm before the land had been sold off for other houses. It was difficult for her to wrap her head around it. It was also increasingly difficult for her to block out the negative energy that surrounded the place. It was just so oppressive, and she was having a harder time controlling the influence it had on her compared to the first day they'd been to the house. She looked over to where her dad and Roger Perron were talking, presumably about the old Chevy that was in an old farm building. She knew he and her mom could help to keep her safe while they were there, but she was afraid there might be a time they couldn't help her. Something about the cellar unnerved her. It was like she was being drawn to it by some kind of force. \"Ruth, what's wrong?\" Lorraine said from beside her, making Ruth jump. She hadn't realized her mom had come up beside her. \"Nothing,\" Ruth said quickly, unable to look her mom in the eye. \"Just thinking.\" Lorraine stepped in front of her, making her daughter look her in the eye. \"Ruth, you know I can see it. What's wrong?\" Ruth sighed, not sure how to talk to her mom about what was going on, especially with other people around. \"I can't tell you right now,\" she finally said quietly, staring at the ground. \"Especially not around the family.\" Lorraine nodded, taking Ruth by the shoulders and walking with her towards the back of the house. \"Honey, you have to tell me what is going on,\" she said when everyone's voices were distant. \"I can see it all over your face that there is something bothering you. If you don't tell me how can your father or I help you with any of this?\" Ruth looked towards the ground again and crossed her arms, thinking about everything she was feeling because of being at that house. When she looked back up at her mom, she had a stifle a gasp. In a window she could see just over her shoulder stood a woman, dressed in older clothing – something from the 1930s, if she wasn't mistaken – just staring at them. Ruth knew the entity wanted to hurt them in some way, or if it wasn't her directly wanting to hurt them, she was just a conduit for something bigger. Lorraine looked towards the same window, hoping Ruth wasn't seeing something terrible. She saw the same thing as her daughter and put a hand over her mouth, also able to sense the evil emanating from the entity. \"Ruth, look at me,\" she said when she got over the feeling the presence gave her, putting her hands on Ruth's arms. \"I know this is scary. I know you've never encountered anything quite this negative before. And I know it's awful, the feelings you get from it. But you can't let it take over. You have to fight back.\" Finally, Ruth looked away from the window and looked at Lorraine with tears in her eyes. \"We have to help them, mom,\" she said, her voice catching as a tear slid down her cheek. \"They need our help so bad.\" \"I know, honey,\" Lorraine said, hugging Ruth tightly. \"We are going to help them, no matter what. Just stay with me throughout this, or your father. We will keep you safe no matter what.\" \"I know, mom,\" Ruth said, hugging her back. They walked back to the front of the house, where Ed was setting up a thermostat-triggered camera at the tree where they saw the woman hanging earlier. Ruth noticed that the police officer, Brad, was helping. \"That Brad guy is skeptical,\" Ruth said while she and Lorraine walked to the front porch of the house. \"He doesn't believe any of this stuff is really happening.\" \"Sometimes you need a healthy dose of skepticism around to keep things on track,\" Lorraine explained with an amused look. \"Stay out here with your father. I'm going to talk to Carolyn.\" As Lorraine went into the house, Ruth started walking to where her dad was setting up the camera. \"Everything okay?\" Ed asked Ruth when he noticed her walking to him. \"Yeah, I'm good,\" Ruth answered with a small smile, knowing he was really only asking about her. \"Just needed to talk to mom for a minute, that's all.\" With the camera set up, Roger and Brad went back into the house and Ruth walked down to the small dock, looking out over the creek. \"You sure everything's okay?\" Ed asked his daughter once everyone else was back inside, sitting next to her on the dock. \"Yes, dad, everything is fine,\" Ruth said, smiling at him. \"I'm just ready to help these people.\" \"We will,\" Ed said reassuringly, putting an arm around Ruth's shoulders and squeezing her gently. \"It could take time, but we will help them. This will end.\" Thanks for reading! I'm up to Chapter 7 now so may have another chapter up soon![Chapter 4] After a few hours, an official investigation started. Ruth just watched her parents set up a few crucifixes and other religious items. While they were, the bell on one of the doors started ringing slightly. Ruth followed her mom to watch the door open slowly before the camera went off. Brad went to grab the camera as everyone else started towards the cellar. Ruth still had this really awful feeling of being pulled towards the cellar by something negative but ignored the negativity as she followed her parents down the stairs. She stayed close to Lorraine, nervous about what they might find. \"Give us a sign that you want to communicate with us,\" Ed said as he was recording and walking around the cellar. Ruth found herself walking away from her mom, towards one of the outer walls of the house. It felt like there was someone there, inside the actual wall, calling to her. She stopped listening to her dad's recording as she got closer to the wall and all she could focus on was someone calling to her. Even with a bunch of stuff in the way, somehow Ruth got to the bare wall and eventually found a hole that led to the inside of the wall. The sound of a little boy made her go into the wall - it sounded like he needed help. If it was the same boy she saw in the mirror of that music box, then she knew she needed to at least figure out why he was still there. \"Hon, you alright?\" Ruth could hear her dad asking her mom. She was concerned about why he would say that, but found she couldn't make herself go check on her mom. \"There's definitely something here,\" Lorraine said, sounding a little stressed out. \"Wait, where's Ruth?\" \"Ruth?\" Ed called out, looking around the room. \"Ruth!\" \"Ruth!\" Lorraine called, her fear getting worse as she realized something had happened to her. Suddenly Ruth was outside, near the tree the witch hanged herself in. The air was chilly and after a moment the camera went off that was behind her. Which meant something was making the air around her colder than usual. \"Ruth?\" a small voice said from the creek. Ruth looked over there, initially shocked to have heard anything at all. \"Ruth?\" Unable to control herself, Ruth walked towards the dock, hugging herself to try to stay warm. As she reached the edge of the dock she looked into the water, trying to rationalize that the sound she heard wasn't really her name and it wasn't coming from in the creek itself. She could hear footsteps coming up behind her, but something was keeping her from looking to see who was there. Suddenly she heard her name being called again and at the same time, someone pushed her into the creek. \"Ruth!?\" Lorraine called, running towards the main stairs of the house. \"Ed, look outside.\" He didn't hesitate to listen as Lorraine ran up the stairs to the second floor to look for Ruth. As Ed ran down the front steps, he looked out towards the hanging tree, stopping to listen carefully. He heard splashing sounds and even though it was dark, he ran towards the creek, fearing the worst. \"Ruth!?\" he called as he reached the dock. He could see something disturbing the water in the distance and eventually heard a small cry for help. Without even thinking about it he jumped into the water, anxious to help Ruth. \"Ed!?\" Lorraine called from the land, having also ran outside when she noticed him running to the creek. She and everyone else there ran to the dock. Roger and Carolyn held her back so she wouldn't try to go after Ed and Ruth. \"I've got her!\" Ed called out from a distance. It wasn't long until they could be seen swimming up to the dock - well, Ed was swimming. Ruth was unconscious. \"Ruth,\" Lorraine said, kneeling next to her daughter when she was lying on the dock. Her lips were beginning to turn blue and Lorraine took her hand - so were her fingertips. Roger and Drew ran back to the house for blankets as Ed got up on the dock and started mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on Ruth. Lorraine felt for a pulse and was relieved that there was something there, but Ruth still wasn't breathing. Roger and Drew were back in a few minutes and handed Lorraine the blankets. She covered Ruth with a few before handing Ed the remaining ones. \"We need to go inside,\" Ed said, picking up his daughter without a second thought. He ran to the house and Lorraine and Roger were both right behind him. \"Should I call for an ambulance?\" Roger said, sounding worried. Ed just nodded as he set Ruth on one of the mattresses in the living room gently and immediately started trying to revive her again. Lorraine walked out of the room, too overcome with emotion to see Ruth like that. All she knew to do was start praying that her daughter's life would be spared. She could hear Roger talking to an operator on the phone, giving them the details they needed to send out an ambulance. As he was giving the address, Ruth suddenly coughed and Lorraine ran back into the room. Ruth was bent over the mattress next to Ed and started vomiting after coughing up water. Lorraine went to her other side and rubbed her back soothingly as Ed held onto her and spoke quietly. \"You're okay,\" he said as Ruth started to sit up. She was shivering uncontrollably and Ed didn't hesitate to take one of the blankets that was around him and put it around her with the other blankets she had. Ed and Lorraine both hugged her tightly, grateful that their daughter was okay. \"What happened?\" Lorraine asked her quietly, still hugging her. Ruth only shook her head, unable to speak at that moment. She could feel her mom's hand on the back of her head, and knew she was probably trying to figure out what exactly happened herself. Carolyn, Roger, Drew, and Brad looked on, all concerned about Ruth. In the distance they could hear a siren and Carolyn, Roger, Brad, and Drew went outside to point the paramedics in the right direction. Ruth was still shaking and had started crying, unable to control herself. After a few more minutes paramedics were in the house to look over Ruth. They kept asking her questions, but she wouldn't answer them. Eventually both Ed and Lorraine started answering the questions to the best of their abilities. \"If she'd been in that water any longer she would have gotten hypothermia,\" one of the paramedics said to Ed and Lorraine once they concluded that she would be okay. \"She's in shock so someone will need to stay with her for a while. How long was she in the water?\" \"Only a few minutes, I think,\" Ed answered, furrowing his brow. Even in the middle of November he didn't think being in cold water for a few minutes would make hypothermia set in so soon. After the paramedics left, Lorraine helped Ruth change into dry clothes to help her warm up some more. Carolyn had the heat cranked up in an attempt to help warm up both Ruth and Ed as well. \"Mom,\" Ruth whispered while she was helping her change. No one else was in the room, and Lorraine figured that might be why she wanted to talk suddenly. \"What is it, honey?\" Lorraine asked softly, tucking Ruth's hair behind her ear. She was silent again for a few minutes and Lorraine could hear someone walking towards the room. As soon as Ed was in the doorway she motioned with her hand for him to get out and he didn't protest. She could hear him telling the others to give them a few minutes. \"Mom, something tried to kill me,\" Ruth finally whispered, staring towards the floor. All Lorraine could do was hug Ruth tightly, waiting to let her continue talking if she wanted to. It was another few minutes before she did. \"It's the thing keeping all these other spirits here.\" \"Who is it?\" Lorraine asked with the same tone of voice, holding Ruth to her in a hug still. \"That woman. The one with the boy. She's making these spirits do awful things, mom.\" After close to an hour, Lorraine went and found everyone else in the kitchen, talking. As soon as Ed saw her he jumped up and started asking about Ruth. \"She's okay,\" Lorraine said with a sad smile. \"She's asleep right now.\" \"What happened to her?\" Carolyn asked. Lorraine sighed as she sat down, unsure of whether or not she wanted to tell the others what Ruth had said. Ed grabbed her hand and squeezed, realizing she was arguing with herself about what to tell them. Finally, she settled on the truth. Otherwise someone else could get seriously hurt again. \"A spirit tried to kill her,\" she started, staring at a spot on the kitchen table. \"There are more than one evil entities here, of course, but one is stronger than the others. It's making any other entity here do things, awful, things, like trying to drown Ruth. We all need to be careful, be aware of anything happening around us.\" Silence enveloped the room for several minutes as Lorraine's words started sinking in. Even Brad looked terrified. \"Ruth should go home,\" Ed said quietly when no one else had anything to say. \"This is way too dangerous for her.\" \"No,\" Lorraine said, looking at him and shaking her head. \"If she tries to leave now, something will follow her home. Until we can get an exorcism approved by the Church, she needs to stay here.\" Ed sighed and rubbed his temples, thinking about what they could do to help protect Ruth while they were there. He also needed to figure out a way to protect Lorraine - he didn't want something similar happening to her, either.[Chapter 5] The next morning, Roger was making breakfast for everyone, including the girls. The kitchen was pretty crowded with twelve people in it, but Ruth was feeling better and talking to April and Cindy, enjoying being around little children. Her mom could tell she wasn't completely over what had happened during the night but was using the whole Perron family being there as a distraction from what had happened. \"I think I might take some of the girls for ice cream later on,\" Roger said as he turned away from the stove after making enough pancakes to feed a small army. \"What do you say about that?\" All of his daughters agreed to it, and it felt nice for things to be normal at least for a little while. Carolyn did not want to go, however, and that raised a flag in Ruth's mind. \"The late nights are getting to me,\" Carolyn said to her husband. \"That's probably a good idea,\" Ed said to her as he moved to the table with a plate of pancakes. \"Why don't you get some rest? Lorraine and I can take care of things for a bit. Ruth, too.\" \"I'm gonna take off,\" Brad said suddenly, standing. \"I have a shift starting in an hour.\" Ruth watched the officer leave, kind of glad he would be gone for a while. His skepticism in the face of obvious paranormal activity was starting to annoy Ruth. She heard Carolyn tell her parents about how the kids felt safer with all of them there and didn't miss the look on her mother's face when she said it - while it seemed comforting, their safety wasn't a guarantee until their house was completely rid of every entity in there. Later that day, Ruth was sitting outside on the porch watching her mom do laundry for the family. It wasn't something she was used to seeing really, but with them being out at the house, in the countryside of Rhode Island, it was fitting. Her dad was talking to her, too. She had a small notebook with her and began writing down a few notes about everything that had happened at the house so far, trying to avoid writing about what she'd experienced the previous night but knowing the information was on paper might be useful someday. \"Ruth, you wanna come help me out with this?\" Ed called over to her as he was walking away from Lorraine and towards the old Chevy that was broken down. Ruth smiled and nodded, putting her notebook and pen on the bench swing she'd been sitting on. She noticed her mom watching her carefully as she went to catch up with Ed. As she was catching up to her dad, Ruth noticed that the wind was beginning to pick up considerably, which wasn't normal considering how nice of a day it was. Dark clouds started coming in and the wind chime on the porch was making a lot of noise. Ruth looked over to her mom and noticed that she was hurrying to get the linens off the clothesline to go inside. \"I'm gonna go help mom…\" Ruth trailed off, walking away from Ed to find out what was going on. While she was walking over there, Lorraine turned to one bed sheet to take it down but before she could, it came off the clothesline and wrapped around a figure before flying up to the bedroom where Carolyn was asleep. Ruth stopped and looked at the window, seeing the woman she'd seen the previous night up there. When the figure walked out of sight of the window Lorraine started running into the house and Ruth wasn't far behind her. \"Ruth, you stay down here,\" Lorraine said when she realized Ruth was following her. \"Mom, I saw it, too,\" Ruth said as she continued following her to the bedroom Carolyn was sleeping in. When they got into the room Carolyn wasn't laying down anymore, but she was just in the bathroom. Lorraine was still panicking, though, because the bathroom door wouldn't open. \"Carolyn!\" Lorraine called, banging on the door. \"Are you okay!? Carolyn, open the door.\" She tried the doorknob and Ruth watched helplessly, not sure what to do. \"Carolyn, open up!\" Lorraine started banging on the door again and she and Ruth could hear Carolyn gagging. After a moment Lorraine turned around and went into the hallway, to the other door that led to the bathroom. Ruth ran into her when she stopped and saw Carolyn opening the door. \"Are you okay?\" Lorraine asked, still very worried about what was going on. \"Are you sick?\" \"Oh, I'm fine,\" Carolyn said with a weak smile, walking past Lorraine and Ruth. But something wasn't quite right to Ruth. Carolyn didn't seem to be herself. \"I woke up just feeling a little nauseous. That's all.\" \"I thought I saw-\" \"I hear Roger and the girls. One minute.\" Carolyn finally got past Lorraine and went downstairs to meet the others. Ruth looked to her mom and knew better than to think Carolyn was okay. She just didn't say anything right then. The girls came into the house just then and Carolyn greeted them like usual, but Ruth and Lorraine just stood back and watched. \"Did you see her in the window, too?\" Lorraine asked Ruth as they watched, rubbing a hand on the back of her neck. \"The witch?\" \"Yeah, I did,\" Ruth answered with a nod. \"And I saw the figure covered with that sheet before it flew up to the window.\" They stood in silence before Ruth continued, \"Mom, I think something is wrong with Carolyn. It's not like she can help it - if this is what I think it is then she has no control over it at this point - but something is definitely up.\" \"I agree,\" Lorraine said with a sigh. \"I just know we won't be able to do anything about it yet. To even get a priest out here to cleanse the house would take a lot more time than this family has.\"[Chapter 6] That night, Ruth was sitting in the living room with her parents while the family was trying to sleep. Brad was getting coffee and was bringing her some, but while he was in there Ruth heard a faint voice say, \"Look what she made me do.\" She furrowed her brow and looked towards the back of the house, hearing Brad's footsteps. \"What is it?\" Lorraine asked, noticing Ruth's concerned expression. Ruth leaned over in her seat to try to see to the back door, but eventually sat straight again. \"Nothing,\" she said slowly, still looking towards the back door. \"I thought I heard something but it must've been Brad.\" After a moment Ruth heard the back door open and looked that way again, on high alert. She thought she felt someone there, but wasn't completely sure. Standing, she decided to find a book to read. \"Hey mom, where's your bag?\" she said as she walked through the room. \"Can I borrow the book you brought with you?\" \"Sure honey,\" Lorraine said, also standing up. \"It's by the coat rack.\" She followed Ruth into the foyer and got the book out for her. \"Now are you sure you're okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm good,\" Ruth said as they walked back into the living room. \"Just trying to find something to occupy my brain. Too many spirits trying to get in there.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Lorraine said, suddenly sounding guilty. \"If there was a way I could help you with that I would. But it usually just takes practice to get that out of your head.\" \"Yeah I've noticed,\" Ruth said with dry sarcasm after sitting back down. \"Hey,\" Ruth heard Brad say from the kitchen suddenly. \"Did you hear that?\" she said to her parents, putting her book on the couch and standing up. \"Hear what?\" Ed replied, looking over to his daughter with his brow furrowed. \"Are you sure you're okay, Ruth? Tell us what's going on.\" Ruth started walking towards the kitchen and a loud crash from the laundry room could be heard, making everyone including Carolyn and Roger run to see what was going on. Drew wasn't far behind them, either. \"Ed! Ed!\" Brad called as they rushed to find him. \"Dude, you okay?\" Drew asked, being the first to reach the laundry room. \"Hold up, Brad. What's going on?\" Ed asked him, helping him up from the floor. \"I saw someone,\" Brad said in a panic, looking behind the drying laundry again for whoever he'd seen. \"There was a woman dressed as a maid.\" From the foyer one of the cameras went off, causing everyone to run back in there to see what was going on. \"Ed, we're getting something,\" Lorraine said from beside Ruth, pointing to the stairs. She and Ruth watched as Cindy was walking up the stairs. Everyone else ran up to them and Roger pushed past everyone to get to Cindy. \"It's just Cindy, she's sleepwalking,\" he said as he tried to grab her. \"No, no, no, no, wait, wait, we need this,\" Ed said, holding Roger back. \"Why do we need pictures of Cindy?\" \"She didn't trigger it.\" \"What do you mean she didn't trigger it?\" \"Somebody's with her.\" Ruth put a hand on her mom's arm as she watched Cindy, worried. \"What is it, hon?\" Lorraine said quietly, searching Ruth's face for what might be bothering her. \"I can see who's with her,\" Ruth whispered. Then the door to Nancy's room slammed shut behind Cindy. Roger started running up the stairs and everyone else wasn't far behind, hoping that Cindy wouldn't get hurt. Drew ran to the living room where the audio equipment was set up and Ruth could see the flash from the camera going off nonstop. \"Who's with her, Ruth?\" Lorraine asked sternly, both of them staying behind the others. \"The little boy,\" Ruth said, trying not to sound concerned. \"Rory. He doesn't want to hurt her, mom.\" \"There's someone else in there with her!\" Drew called from downstairs. Roger and Ed were trying to get in the door with no luck and Lorraine ran downstairs to listen to the audio Drew was getting. \"I'm hearing another voice. Here, listen.\" \"Follow me. This way,\" the voice said. At that point even Ruth could hear it from the doorway. \"This is where hide.\" Finally the door came open and Roger and Ed ran into the room. Ruth ran downstairs to her mom, getting a sinking feeling in her stomach. \"Something bad is going to happen,\" she said after Lorrain took the headphones off. \"Not to Cindy,\" she reassured them when she saw the panicked looks on Lorraine's and Drew's faces. \"Cindy is fine.\" She could hear Roger, Ed, and Brad walking around above them, looking for Cindy. \"Ed, where'd she go!?\" Roger asked, panicking. Ruth ran into the room then and could tell her dad had thought of something. \"Brad, get the UV light,\" he said without looking at him. Brad gave him a confused look, not knowing what he was talking about. \"The what?\" he asked incredulously. \"Just ask Drew.\" \"Drew, I need a UV light,\" Brad called as he ran down the stairs. Ruth helped to look for Cindy, but had a feeling they wouldn't be able to find her without that UV light to show her footprints. Brad ran in just then, handing Ed the UV light. \"Turn off the light,\" Ed instructed, getting the light ready. Once the light was off it was easy to see where Cindy had been walking - it led into the wardrobe. Ruth also noticed how cold it was in the room, a sure sign that a spirit had been in the room recently. \"Hit the lights,\" Ed said suddenly, making Ruth walk over to the wardrobe. He'd opened up a panel at the back of the wardrobe, where there was a hole in the wall. He crawled into the wardrobe to look into the wall and a second later came back out. \"Found her,\" he said, relieved. Roger looked relieved, too, as Ed got Cindy out from the wall. By then everyone was awake and watching either from inside the room or in the doorway and dispersed when Roger started carrying Cindy back downstairs. Ruth hung back with her mom and noticed April was still looking towards the wardrobe. \"That's where Rory hides when he's afraid,\" April said to Lorraine. Ruth also noticed that April was holding the music box. Lorraine looked over to the wardrobe, and by the look on her face Ruth could tell she had an idea. \"Mom, what are you doing?\" Ruth asked her when she started walking to the wardrobe. \"Hand me a flightlight,\" Lorraine said, reopening the panel that led to the hole in the wall. Ruth pursed her lips and handed her mom a flashlight, worried about what might happen. She watched the wardrobe carefully as Lorraine climbed in and went into the wall to look around. \"Mom,\" she mumbled to herself, her arms crossed. \"Be careful.\" By then Ed was back in there and was holding another flashlight at the hole in the wall, and Lorraine came back over to the hole. \"Hon, can you hand me April's music box?\" she asked Ed. He went and got the music box from April, who was sitting on the bed, and handed it to Lorraine. \"Dad,\" Ruth said, catching his attention because of the concerned tone of her voice. \"I don't have a good feeling about this. At all.\" \"What do you mean?\" he said, looking towards her briefly. \"Something bad is going to happen.\" Not long after she said that, a crash could be heard from inside the wall and Lorraine screamed. \"Lorraine!\" Ed called, going back to the wardrobe to look for her. \"No. No.\" Everyone ran out to the hallway and Ruth instructed April to go back to her sisters - she would go get the music box back for her after they found Lorraine. She led April downstairs as Ed started banging on walls, trying to figure out where Lorraine might have gone. As soon as April was safe, Ruth ran to the cellar door, but no one else seemed to notice that she was going down there. \"Mom?\" Ruth called out cautiously as she walked down the stairs. She could still hear her dad above her, but suddenly the cellar door slammed shut behind her. In front of her, something pushed down on the keys on the old piano, making her jump. \"Mom?\" she called again, finally reaching the bottom of the steps. \"Look what she made me do!\" was screamed into the left ear, making her yelp before something grabbed her and slammed her against the wall to her left. \"Ruth!?\" Lorraine called weakly from the other side of the cellar. Ruth was unable to respond - something was choking her. \"Look what she made me do!\" was all Ruth could hear, and it was so loud her ears started ringing. She cried out involuntarily when she felt a sharp pain in both wrists, but she was losing oxygen so her scream died down quickly. After a moment she could feel something liquid running down her hands - probably blood. Suddenly she heard April's music box playing, but it was soft from where she was. She could also hear another woman's voice, but couldn't make out the words. After a moment something threw her against another wall, this time sort of behind the stairs. She heard her mom scream then, but Ruth was slammed against another wall and knocked unconscious. Lorraine ran for the stairs as soon as she felt safe enough to do so, but something caught her necklace that Judy had given her - most likely the spirit of the witch. Somehow she got it off and started calling for Ed. A she ran up the stairs, Ed opened the door and was relieved to see that she was okay. \"Ed, I know what she did,\" Lorraine said as she ran out of the cellar. \"I got ya,\" Ed said, no really paying attention to what Lorraine was saying. \"I know what she did,\" Lorraine said again as she ran into the living room, Ed close behind her. \"I know what she did.\" \"What?\" Ed asked, trying to figure out what Lorraine was talking about. \"She possessed the mother to kill the child. She visits Carolyn every night. That's what the bruise marks are! She'd feeding off of her!\" \"Wait, where's Ruth?\" Roger said, looking around the room. He'd noticed that Ruth always stayed close to either of her parents, and suddenly she wasn't. Ed and Lorraine gave each other worried looks before splitting up to search the house. \"Ruth!?\" Lorraine called as she ran up the stairs. \"Ruth!\" Ed yelled, going back towards the cellar. He hadn't even opened the door before Lorraine was back downstairs. \"Ed, she isn't upstairs,\" Lorraine said as she approached him, nearly in hysterics. Ed quickly opened the door to the cellar and both of them ran down the stairs. \"Drew! Brad! We need some flashlights!\" Ed called upstairs, Lorraine having already started looking around the cellar. Hi everyone! Just wanted to take a moment to remind everyone that this story is not beta'd, and therefore there are most definitely mistakes (I only say this because I was reading through it and found some mistakes I will hopefully fix in the future). Thank you to BriaDelAngel and Felix157 for favoriting this story! Even if it isn't a full review or anything like that, it means a lot to me. But, now I fear we are reaching the end. There are only a few chapters left! They will be posted most likely within the next week, as I've already finished the story.[Chapter 7] Ruth woke up slowly, rubbing the side of her head. Both of hr wrists still stung, and her hands were sticky. Wherever she was also felt claustrophobic, and she had to make herself calm down so she could figure out where she was. She could hear the muffled sounds of people yelling, and she thought she heard her name. It was pitch black wherever she was, and she felt around in front of her and started crawling. There was a very faint light coming from something not far in front of her, and soon she found a hole in the wall. She could also hear that the voices she heard were her parents calling her name. As she crawled through the small space she could see the light of flashlights moving around the room. \"Mom?\" she said, a little surprised by how quiet her voice was. \"Ruth, where are you?\" Lorraine said from the other side of the room. Ruth tried to speak again, but her voice was hoarse. It was only then that she registered how sore her neck also was and she instinctively brought a hand to her neck, starting at the tenderness of her skin. She didn't even have the strength to crawl around to where her parents could see her - the cellar stairs were to her right, slightly in front of her. She leaned against the wall, closing her eyes to try to gather up some strength. \"Mom. Dad,\" she said, trying to talk louder. After a moment one of the flashlights started coming towards where she was and she heard a gasp as the light landed on her. \"Ruth,\" Lorraine said, relieved to have finally found her. \"Ed, I found her!\" It only took seconds for Ed to find them and both of them were looking over Ruth for any injuries. \"Oh, honey,\" Lorraine said on a concerned tone, holding onto one of her arms. \"What happened?\" \"Lorraine,\" Ed said seriously, wrapping a hand around the back of Ruth's neck gently. His flashlight was trained on her neck and dark bruises completely covered it. Lorraine brought a hand to her mouth in shock, more worried about Ruth the longer she looked her over. \"Did you find her?\" a small voice said from the staircase. Lorraine turned quickly and saw April standing there, tears streaking her cheeks. Lorraine nodded and April nodded in approval before going back upstairs. \"Let's get you upstairs,\" Ed said to Ruth gently, picking her up as gingerly as he could. She groaned slightly when he rested an arm around her back; Lorraine made a mental note to make sure Ruth's whole body wasn't bruised at some point. At Ed's insistence, Lorraine went up the stairs first and everyone else was looking on from the doorway as he brought Ruth up the steps. She was awake, but her brain felt fuzzy. \"Bring her in here,\" Roger said, leading Ed over to where the family's mattresses were. Ed set her down gently on the closest mattress and sat next to her as she tried to get comfortable. \"What happened, sweetheart?\" he asked her gently, hoping she would actually talk about it instead of going into shock like the first time. It took a while, but finally Ruth spoke. \"The maid,\" she said, leaning up on her elbows. \"What Brad said he saw. She did this.\" \"Did you see anyone or anything else?\" Lorraine asked, sitting next to Ruth's head. Ruth just shook her head, thinking through everything that happened. \"But I heard what Brad did, too,\" Ruth finally said. \"'Look what she made me do.'\" As if she were reenacting what the spirit of the maid had shown Brad, she sat up enough to bring her arms in front of her and expose the inside of her wrists, where deep cuts ran along both wrists just like the maid's spirit. \"I'll get a bowl of water and a towel to get this cleaned up,\" Lorraine said as she stood and walked into the kitchen. Ed followed her, noticing the way she was looking at Ruth. \"You okay, hon?\" Ed asked her when they were in the kitchen alone, standing beside her so they were both facing away from the living room. \"No,\" she said as she found a large bowl and started to fill it with water. \"Ruth is in so much danger here. If she were to go ahead and go home, now would be the time. This spirit has her down, but because of that she isn't as attached to Ruth, either.\" \"You know Ruth won't go for that,\" Ed countered, putting an arm around her shoulders and squeezing. \"She's way too much like you to want to leave now.\" Lorraine smirked before countering, \"She's too much like you, you mean. Too determined to help to want to leave.\" When they walked back into the room, the girls were all staring at Nancy for some reason. And the crucifixes started falling off the mantles. \"Uh… Nancy?\" Christine said, watching some of Nancy's hair starting lifting up. Nancy looked over nervously as the others looked on in horror when she was thrown across the room by her hair. An invisible force started dragging her around the room and she and other girls started screaming before Lorraine found a pair of scissors and was able to get close enough to cut off enough of Nancy's hair to make the thing let go of her. \"Is she okay?\" Ed asked as Roger looked over his daughter carefully. In the morning, as soon as the sun rose, the Perrons decided they needed to get out of that house. Ed and Lorraine didn't hesitate to agree as they helped the family get a few of their things together before checking up on Ruth. \"You okay, sweetheart?\" Lorraine asked her daughter once the Perron's were filing out of the house, helping her stand up. \"I'll be fine, mom,\" Ruth said quietly, her voice still kind of hoarse. \"Are we going somewhere?\" \"We're going home, at least for a little while,\" Lorraine said with a small smile. \"Hey,\" Ed said as he entered the room, the sound of a car driving off coming from the doorway. \"You ready to go?\" Lorraine nodded is response, still holding onto Ruth. As they started towards the door, Ed convinced her to let him help Ruth outside. Once he had her in the car, he went to talk to Roger before he left with the girls. Ruth sat in the doorway of the van Drew drove, waiting for Ed while he talked to Roger about what they needed to do. Ruth was in their car with the window down when she thought she heard the voice of a child in the distance. After a few moments, she noticed her mom stand up and start walking off towards the creek. She furrowed her brow and sat up, deciding she needed to see what she was doing in case something bad might happen. She got out of the car slowly and tried not to catch anyone's attention as she started towards the creek. As she followed her mom, she heard the voice clearly. It sounded like Judy saying \"mommy.\" Ruth had to stop walking then, putting her hands on her knees to try to catch her breath and watched as Lorraine ran to the dock, the voice repeating itself again. She knew she couldn't stay where she was and made her way back to the car, hoping that whatever her mom heard or saw was nothing bad. When she saw her run into the house, with Ed following when he noticed, she got concerned and tried to get out of the car again. \"Hey, wait,\" Drew said when he saw Ruth getting out of the car again. \"Stay in the car. I'm sure whatever your parents are doing, they're fine.\" \"I just want to be sure,\" Ruth said, trying to push past Drew. He put his hands on both of her arms and tried to guide her back into the car, but it wasn't long until Ed and Lorraine were back outside and helping the Perrons get to safety. \"I'm going with you to see Father Gordon, right?\" Ruth asked her parents when they were trying to convince her to stay home. \"Honey, I don't know if that's a good idea,\" Lorraine responded with a sympathetic look. \"You've been through so much-\" \"And you haven't?\" Ruth countered. \"I know you're going to see him with dad show him the tape and photos. I should come, too.\" \"Ruth, no,\" Lorraine fought back, more adamant than usual that Ruth not get too involved. \"You have so many injuries, you need to rest.\" Ruth looked to her dad for help, but he only gave her a sheepish look. \"I kind of agree with your mother,\" he said with a huff. \"You do need rest.\" \"Please,\" Lorraine said when she noticed Ruth was about to protest again. \"If you don't rest, you won't be able to go back to that house without the potential for something to try to hurt you even more.\" \"Mom, I'm going with you,\" Ruth said defiantly, crossing her arms. \"I can help you with talking to Father Gordon. If he sees what's happened to me, next to all the other evidence we have, he'll have no choice but to try to get the approval for an exorcism as fast as he can.\" This time Lorraine looked to Ed for support, but he was starting to look a little uncomfortable. He'd been in the middle of one of Lorraine and Ruth's arguments about this stuff before and didn't want to relive that. \"I'm gonna let you take this one, honey,\" he said to Lorraine, putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder before walking away from them. Lorraine sighed before giving Ruth a stern look. \"You're not going with us, and that's final,\" she said, crossing her arms like Ruth had. \"Mom, I should go with you,\" Ruth said in a softer tone, trying to be nicer. She was also trying hard not to let her anger get the best of her, but was losing patience fast. \"I'm fine. I can rest on the way there and on the way back, and later today. But I've been as much a part of this as you and Dad have.\" \"No, Ruth. You're exhausted. We have enough hard evidence with the recording and photos that Father Gordon will still try his best to get approval for the exorcism and cleansing. I think Judy would want you to stay home with her. I know she misses you.\" Ruth sighed, making a mental note that her parents could always play the Judy card and make her stay home. \"Fine,\" she said after thinking it over for a little while. \"I'll stay home with Judy and Nana. But only because you 'asked' me to.\" She gave her mom a small smile before walking away to find her little sister. If it meant Judy would be happy, then she would do whatever her parents asked of her.[Chapter 8] That night a storm started, and one particularly loud crash of thunder woke Ruth. She sat up in bed slowly, rubbing her eyes as a flash of lightning illuminated the room for a few seconds. She leaned over and turned on the lamp by her bed, suddenly becoming much more aware of her surroundings. Something felt off. She always had an uneasy feeling at home if she ever woke up in the middle of the night, but something felt different than the usual feelings she got. Her parents being away didn't help - any kind of feelings she got at home were stronger when they were away to begin with. After a few minutes Ruth got out of bed to make some hot cocoa. She needed something to keep her busy until she was able to fall back asleep. She walked into the kitchen silently, only turning on the light over the kitchen table so she wouldn't wake up Judy or Nana. While heating up some milk, Ruth heard the sound of the hall light upstairs being turned on. Not long after, she could hear Judy calling for their parents. She turned to look towards the hall, but didn't see anything. No lights were on, all the doors were closed. She watched the door to the artifact room briefly before shrugging and going back to what she was doing. Suddenly the creak of a door could be heard. Ruth looked into the hallway again, noticing that this time the hall lights were on. Judy was looking into the artifact room, calling for their dad. \"Judy?\" Ruth asked, walking towards her as she closed the door. Judy never even looked back, as if she didn't hear Ruth. Something was wrong, but Ruth didn't know what. She walked to the door of the artifact room slowly as Judy started back up the stairs, a sinking feeling in her stomach. She stepped in gingerly, trying to keep her mind clear of everything the room was always screaming at her. At the back of the room, she focused on the case that the Annabelle doll was supposed to be locked in. Except the doll wasn't there. \"Judy!\" Ruth called, running out of the room. None of the lights were on anymore, and Judy was nowhere to be seen. \"Judy!\" Despite the darkness, Ruth ran upstairs, but Judy's bedroom door was open and the room was empty. Ruth ran downstairs again when she heard a door slam and heard Judy screaming from Ed's office. \"Judy! What's wrong!\" she asked, trying to open the door. Everything got quieter and darker, if that were even possible, and suddenly Judy stopped screaming. Ruth stopped trying to open the door for a moment, putting her ear up to it to try to hear what was going on. It sounded like someone was breathing rather loudly, as if they couldn't catch their breath. Ruth furrowed her brow, unsure of what to think about what she was hearing. Suddenly, Judy started screaming for Nana and started pounding on the other side of the door, trying to get it open. \"Judy!\" Ruth called again, trying to get the door open as well. \"Ruth!\" Judy called, the fear in her voice giving Ruth chills. \"Ruth, help! Nana!\" Soon Ruth could hear Nana coming down the stairs, and she gave Ruth a quizzical look. \"Ruth! Nana! Help me!\" Judy called again. \"We're trying!\" Ruth called to her, both she and Nana trying to get the door open. \"Judy!\" Nana called, starting to panic. \"Judy, open the door!\" \"I'm trying!\" Judy said through tears. Suddenly the front door flew open and Ruth looked to her parents running in. \"Hey, move. Move. Move,\" Ed said, pushing past everyone to try to get to the door. \"Judy, get back honey. Get back!\" \"Hurry,\" Judy said, sounding a little calmer but still crying. \"Help! Help!\" Something had her in a panic again, and Ruth felt helpless while Ed tried to get the door open. \"Get away from the door, Judy!\" Ed called to her again. \"Dad!\" Judy called. Ruth could hear something else moving inside the room and closed her eyes, praying that whatever was going on would stop. After a few seconds Ed got the door open and grabbed Judy just as a rocking chair slammed into the wall where she'd been standing. \"Oh god! Are you okay?\" Lorraine asked Judy once she was out of harm's way, taking her face in her hands and looking her over. Judy was still crying and Ruth was on the verge of tears, too. \"There was someone rocking in the chair with Annabelle,\" Judy said through her tears. Ruth's eyes widened at this and she ran to the artifact room to go look one more time. \"Ruth!\" Ed called when he noticed her going in there, running to catch up with her. \"Ruth!\" Finally he caught up to her, but she was already in the room with the lights on. \"Ruth, go back upstairs,\" he said, putting a hand on her shoulder. The contact made her jump before she turned to see her dad standing there. \"Dad,\" she said, taking a deep breath. \"Annabelle wasn't in the case five minutes ago.\" \"Well, she is now,\" Ed said reassuringly. They both looked over to where the doll sat in the glass case, wondering how any of what Judy said happened had actually happened. \"Come on.\" They both walked back upstairs where Lorraine was holding onto Judy, who was still crying. Ruth went over and hugged Judy tightly. \"She's still in the case,\" Ed said with relief. Lorraine looked relieved. \"It's okay,\" she said to Judy, kissing her cheek and giving her a hug. \"It's okay.\" Once Judy was back in bed and asleep, Ruth went to talk to her parents. \"Mom, dad,\" she said, finding them sitting in the kitchen. Her hot cocoa had been long forgotten at that point. \"I'm sorry for arguing with you earlier about going to see Father Gordon. I'm kind of glad I was here instead, even if I couldn't get Judy out of there.\" \"Come here,\" Lorraine said, motioned for Ruth to sit next to her. She pulled one of the kitchen chairs right next to hers and Ruth sat. \"It's okay.\" She hugged Ruth tightly, kissing her temple. \"But, Father Gordon is going to try his best to get this case pushed through to the Vatican as quickly as possible.\" \"The Vatican?\" Ruth asked in disbelief. They didn't usually need permission directly from Rome. \"Why?\" \"Because those kids aren't baptized,\" Ed explained with a small shrug. \"Makes things a little more complicated.\" Ruth just nodded, having forgotten that detail. \"I hope we can get the approval soon,\" she said, giving her parents a hopeful look. \"Me, too, sweetheart,\" Lorraine said with a small smile. Then the phone started ringing and Ed got up to answer it. Ruth didn't have a good feeling about whoever was calling them, either. Ruth felt panic rise up in her when she heard her dad tell Roger to go back to their house. \"I'm coming with you,\" Lorraine said as soon as Ed hung up the phone. \"No way,\" Ed replied, looking at both Lorraine and Ruth. He knew better than to think Ruth would stay home willingly, too. \"You stay here with Judy. You, too, Ruth.\" \"The only way to protect Judy is if we stop this where it started. Otherwise she's just gonna latch onto us again,\" Lorraine retorted. \"That's exactly why I'm going,\" Ed retorted. \"You think I'm gonna let you walk into this alone?\" Lorraine asked, starting to get frustrated. \"I can't lose you,\" Ed shot back. Ruth decided not to interject just yet, knowing she would be told the same thing. \"You won't,\" Lorraine said to him calmly. \"Let's finish this together.\" \"I'm not staying home, either,\" Ruth finally said, walking up to her parents. \"You guys are going to finish this thing together, so I'm coming, too.\" \"No, Ruth,\" Ed said sternly. \"This has become far too dangerous for you.\" He looked to Lorraine for support, but he could tell by the look on her face that she didn't agree with him this time. \"Lorraine, she has to stay home,\" he said, his confidence having started faltering already. \"No, Ed,\" Lorraine said, shaking her head. \"I don't think so. This thing has attached itself to her more than me. If she's not there it's going to be harder to drive this thing out.\" Ruth suppressed a smile, wondering why her mom was suddenly on her side. Before they left Ruth changed clothes so she wasn't in her nightgown, and soon they were going back to Rhode Island.[Chapter 9] They reached the Perron's home in record time, and it didn't take long for Ed to get to the front door. He tried to open it but it was locked, so he tried to break it down. Everyone moved out of the way when Brad came up to the porch and used his shotgun to shoot the lock and the door opened. She could hear Roger calling for Ed as they all ran into the house and to the cellar. Ruth held back a gasp when she saw Carolyn with a pair of scissors and Roger holding her back from stabbing Christine with them. Everyone immediately started trying to get the scissors from her, and Ruth saw April run off out of the corner of her eye. She wasn't much help in getting Carolyn under control so she ran after her, hoping to find her. But when she started looking around, April was gone. The others had Carolyn, not really under control, but were able to get her out of the cellar. She wasn't really listening to what was being said because she was worried about where April went, but did hear her dad say something about taking Carolyn to the priest directly for the exorcism. Finally, Roger asked about where April was, and Drew volunteered to go find her. When they finally got Christine out the door and tried to get Carolyn to the car, she screamed in pain. Ruth couldn't see what was going on, but guessed that the entity possessing her was going to kill her if they tried to leave. Suddenly Carolyn flew back, knocking over Ruth in the process, and was dragged down into the cellar, screaming. Roger and Ed ran as fast as they could back down to the cellar, and Lorraine went to Ruth to help her up. \"You okay?\" Lorraine asked her as they stood. Ruth nodded, but then had a concerned look on her face. \"Mom, something's wrong,\" Ruth said in a shaky voice. Suddenly she was pulled away from Lorraine and slammed into the wall next to the staircase. \"Ruth!\" Lorraine said, going over to her daughter to try to free her. \"Go help Carolyn,\" Ruth wheezed, the bruises around her neck turning an even deeper color. \"I'll be fine.\" \"No, it's choking you,\" Lorraine said, trying to hold onto Ruth to free her from whatever was choking her. Ruth was beginning to feel lightheaded and couldn't speak anymore, but then something started dragging her up the stairs. \"Mom!\" Ruth screamed before being dragged into Nancy's bedroom, the door slamming behind her. Lorraine almost ran after her, but then she could hear the shouts coming from the cellar. She decided to try to trust her daughter and ran to help Ed. Ruth could hear Drew calling April's name, and she wanted to call out but couldn't. She was inside the wall of the house, in the hole Cindy had been taken to where \"Rory\" used to hide before he was killed. Whatever had a hold on her was keeping her there, and it wasn't long until she saw movement in the darkness ahead of her. \"Who's there?\" she asked in a shaky voice, wishing she was able to move around. Whoever was in front of her said \"shhh\" and started getting closer to her. Once her eyes were fully adjusted, she noticed that the figure in front of her was the little boy. \"Rory?\" she whispered, suddenly not feeling so scared. The boy nodded and put a finger to his lips. \"If we stay quiet, she won't find us,\" he whispered. \"Who? Your mother?\" Ruth asked, her brow furrowed. \"Is that who was choking me?\" The little boy nodded, bringing his knees to his chest as he sat in front of her. \"Where's April? Do you know?\" He nodded again, staying silent. \"Can you tell me?\" \"Under the kitchen,\" Rory answered after a long pause. \"Don't let her find April.\" \"How can I do that if I'm stuck here?\" Rory stared at Ruth for a moment, the sadness on his face making her feel sorry for him. After a moment he disappeared, and suddenly she could move again. She got out of there as quickly as she could to find another spot to get under the house. If she had to go back into the cellar, she would. When Ruth got to the cellar, everyone else was tying Carolyn to a chair and she had a sheet over her head. \"Ruth,\" Lorraine said when she saw her, motioned for her to stand next to her. Ruth went to her mom, staring at Carolyn's writhing form. \"I know where April is,\" she whispered into Lorraine's ear. She looked over to her dad, and she could see it clearly on his face that he knew what had to be done - he just didn't know if he could do it. Then he looked at Lorraine and Ruth. \"Then you need to leave,\" he said, staring down Lorraine. Ruth wasn't sure what they'd been talking about but guessed it had something to do with him performing the exorcism himself. \"What are you talking about?\" Lorraine asked. \"I have to do it. The exorcism.\" Ruth drew in a sharp breath, her suspicion having been confirmed. Ed would have to do the exorcism himself, and he was terrified. \"What?\" Roger asked, standing from where he'd been kneeling next to Carolyn. \"I thought you said we need a priest. You're not a priest.\" \"Well, you got a better idea?\" Ed shot back, looking over at Ed. Ruth looked at her mom, and she could tell that Lorraine was confident in Ed. \"He can do it,\" Lorraine said to Roger before looking at Ed. \"You can do it.\" \"But you gotta get out of here.\" Ed pointed at Lorraine, then Ruth. \"And you, too.\" \"I'm no leaving you!\" Lorraine protested. \"Dad, I'm not going anywhere!\" Ruth said at the same time. \"Damn it, Lorraine, I'm not doing this with you or Ruth in here.\" Lorraine walked over to Ed, determined. Ruth knew she would be able to convince him to go ahead with the exorcism with both of them in there. \"God brought us together for a reason,\" Lorraine said when she was right in front of him. \"God brought Ruth to us for a reason. This is it. I'm gonna get the book.\" Lorraine ran back up the stairs to get what they needed to perform the exorcism and Ruth looked over at her dad, starting to feel scared. She could tell he was even more scared than before, too. Ed took a deep breath before reaching into his shirt to bring out the cross he always wore around his neck. He also reached into his pants pocket and brought out rosary beads, holding them out for Ruth to take. She walked forward to take them, but before she could she was thrown back and the beads were ripped out of Ed's hand. Whatever was holding Ruth against the wall was trying to choke her again, but this time with the rosary beads. \"Ruth!\" Ed cried, running over to her. He tried to help her, but it wasn't doing anything. When Lorraine came back downstairs she was immediately at his side. \"Ed, go. I'll help her,\" she said, sounding rather calm for having walked in to see her daughter being choked to death again. She handed Ed the required materials and he walked back in front of Carolyn, ready to perform the exorcism. \"Mom, help,\" Ruth rasped out. \"It's going to be okay, honey,\" Lorraine said, trying to sound reassuring. But she was honestly terrified that the exorcism wouldn't work fast enough to save her. Ruth could barely hear her dad as he started the exorcism, her brain feeling fuzzy as she began to lose consciousness. Lorraine somehow was able to suddenly pull the rosary beads away from Ruth's neck enough to where she could breathe a little bit, but it wasn't long until Ed started panicking and yelled to everyone to hold Carolyn still. Lorraine looked torn, but eventually left Ruth to help with Carolyn once Ruth had one of her hands between her neck and the rosary beads. Ruth could still barely breath, but she could tell the beads were loosening from around her neck. Suddenly Carolyn started screaming, but it didn't actually sound like Carolyn. Everything in the room started shaking, and Ruth closed her eyes. It wasn't long until everything stopped, though, and Ruth was suddenly free. She fell to the floor and started coughing violently, holding her neck. She looked over and saw that Carolyn was no longer in front of her - at least, not on the floor. Ruth jumped when Carolyn fell and the chair broke, but she was unable to get up and help much. After watching the others try to keep Carolyn under control, Ruth got an idea. Without bringing much attention to herself, she crawled under the cellar stairs and to the hole in the wall she was in the last time she was in that cellar, hellbent on finding April. Once inside the wall, she stood up and started walking, trying to figure out where she was. She could hear Drew above her, like he was hitting the floor or something, but the sound was far away. After turning a few corners, Ruth found an opening that led to the rest of the underside of the house, and Drew's voice and the banging started getting louder. \"April?\" she called out, her voice still pretty quiet. \"April, where are you?\" \"April!\" Drew called from the ground floor. \"I found her! She's under the house! Under the kitchen!\" he called out to the others. Ruth rolled her eyes, already knowing that Carolyn was probably going to try to go after April. She moved as quickly as she could when she could hear the others yelling after Carolyn - just like she thought, Carolyn was going after April. Ruth stopped when there was too much noise to figure out where April was, listening intently. Someone else was upstairs, but she wasn't sure who. She could also hear Carolyn under the house; she wasn't far. Ruth started forward again, hoping she could catch up to her before she found April. She felt defeated when she heard April scream – she was too late.[Chapter 10] IMPORTANT author's note: Hi everyone! So, I was going through this story, as I usually do at some point with all of my work, and realized that I completely omitted a chapter! You can find that chapter as Chapter 8 now, and this is Chapter 10! When I realized my mistake I felt really dub - but now it's fixed. So if you've read the whole thing before, please go back to Chapters 7/8 to read the new chapter! Thanks! Finally Ruth found Carolyn, which means she found her parents and Roger and April, too. \"Carolyn, no!\" Lorraine cried from the hole in the kitchen floor. \"Bathsheba!\" Ed yelled, startling Ruth. Carolyn looked over to Ed, except it wasn't Carolyn anymore - Bathsheba was showing herself again. Ruth looked around and noticed where April was close to Roger and crawled over there, trying not to bring attention to herself. She held a finger to her lips when she reached April and held onto her to try and keep her safe. \"By the power of God, I condemn you back to Hell!\" Ed continued. Lorraine reached down a put a hand on Carolyn's head as Bathsheba began to lose her hold no her. \"This is your daughter!\" Lorraine exclaimed. \"You can't give in!\" Carolyn's screams were beginning to hurt Ruth's ears, but she tried not to let it bother her so she could protect April. \"Roger, we need to get her to fight from the inside,\" Ed said, looking over at him. Roger nodded. \"Don't let her do this to you, okay?\" Roger said calmly, looking over at his wife. \"Don't let this thing do this. You're stronger than she is.\" \"You gotta fight it. Keep going, Roger!\" Ed pushed. \"You gotta stay with us, all right? Come on back Carolyn. \"Lorraine, that's it!\" Ed called up to her. \"Get her back!\" \"Remember what you showed me,\" Lorraine said calmly. \"No!\" Carolyn screamed. \"Remember that day that you said you would never forget,\" Lorraine continued. Ruth wasn't sure what Lorraine was showing Carolyn, but whatever it was, was working. \"You said they meant the world to you. This is what you'll be leaving behind.\" Ruth watched as Carolyn started crying, and after a moment she bent over and started gagging, vomiting a dark substance. Ruth sighed in relief - Bathsheba was gone. She let go of April when she saw that Carolyn looked more like herself again, no longer afraid that she was going to hurt the child. \"Ruth,\" Ed said, also sounding relieved and a little out of breath. When she looked over to him, he motioned for her to come to him and she did, a little surprised when he put his arm around her in a hug. She hugged him back the best she could, burying her face into his shoulder. \"Let's all get out from under this house.\" When Ruth and the others were finally back above ground, it was morning. Roger and April were walking with Carolyn, and almost as soon as she walked through the doorway outside she looked better. \"Are you okay, sweetheart?\" Lorraine asked Ruth before they walked outside. Ruth still had bad bruises around her neck, and a few spots where the skin had been broken from being choked with the rosary beads that were now in her hand. \"I'm okay mom,\" Ruth said with a small smile. \"I guess Bathsheba had it out for you, too,\" Ed said to Ruth, giving her a small smile. Ruth shrugged, just happy that everything was over. Brad wasn't far behind them as they went outside and watched the family reunion. Ed was between Ruth and Lorraine, hugging both of them tightly. After a moment, April started walking up to them, something in her hands. She stopped in front of Lorraine and handed her the locket Judy had given her, making Lorraine smile. When the Warren's got home, Ruth couldn't help but smile. They were able to help the Perrons, and got out of it alive. \"I'll call Father Gordon and let him know what happened,\" Lorraine said once they were all inside. \"Sounds good,\" Ed replied as he walked past her with their bags. Ruth followed him, knowing where he would be going. He had the music box and was going to put it with the other artifacts. \"Hey, dad?\" Ruth said from the doorway of the room as he got the music box out of his bag. \"Hm?\" he asked, glancing over at her before walking towards the shelf lined with haunted toys. \"Thank you for letting me do this with you and mom.\" Ed paused in what he was doing and smile to himself. \"I think your mother and I will probably let you tag along more often now,\" he said, still smiling to himself. Ruth walked into the room and over to her dad as he moved things around to place the music box in its permanent home. \"She told me about some of the things you were telling her while we were there - you need to speak up next time when you see a ghost that we can't.\" \"Okay, okay,\" Ruth said with a smile hugging Ed once his hands were free. They both turned to leave and Lorraine came to the door. \"The Vatican approved the exorcism,\" she said bemusedly. Ruth snorted slightly and Ed chuckled. \"Nice timing,\" he said as Ruth left the room ahead of him. \"And if we can, then he'd like to meet with us tomorrow. There's a case in Long Island he'd like to discuss.\" Lorraine looked over at Ruth and knew she was probably going to ask about going with them. \"Yes, Ruth, you can go with us.\" Ruth grinned in response. \"Really?\" Ed asked in response to the Long Island case, closing the door to the artifact room behind him. Ruth smirked as they all walked into the kitchen, ready to eat something since no one had since the previous night. \"So… I'll be doing this with you guys all the time now, right?\" Ruth asked with a smile. Ed and Lorraine both chuckled and nodded, knowing better than to tell Ruth no again. Well, that's all folks! I hope you enjoyed the story as much as I enjoyed writing it and feel to leave a review! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything from the movie or real life, only my own character. \"Ruth, can y"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Intermission, Second Part","Author":"DoctorH","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12815586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] INTERMISSION, SECOND PART Introduction. This is a story based upon my earlier story, \"Intermission,\" in which some events are referred to only briefly or tangentially. In this story, they are discussed in more detail or from a different perspective. I recommend reading \"Intermission\" before reading this story. In \"Intermission\" and in \"Intermission, Second Part,\" my stories end with many important events yet to come. If you want to see those important events, watch the movie. The events in my stories begin just after the intermission of the movie (as Frank Poole is heading out toward the antenna complex in a space pod). They end as Bowman visits Jupiter and Beyond the Infinite. This story is drawn to some extent from the movie, but also includes some elements from the novel (including at least one key plot point). The main character is Dr. Heywood Floyd. In the movie, following intermission, Dr. Floyd appears in only one scene, and even then, only as a pre-recorded message. The final words in the movie are his. In the novel, Floyd sends a message to Bowman, but the message is quite unlike what is described in my story. In my earlier story, \"Intermission,\" there is a suggestion that Floyd is in trouble. This story deals with Floyd during this difficult time. For some details, this story follows the movie rather than the novel. In the novel, for example, Floyd is a widower with three kids; but in the movie, he is married and has a small daughter. In the novel, leaks of confidential information begin right after TMA-1 is found; but in the movie, the leaks are contained and it is up to Floyd to clamp down the lid hard so that no leaks will occur. For the record, the Heywood Floyd in this story is the straitlaced William Sylvester version, not the wiseguy Roy Scheider version from \"2010.\" Sylvester took some criticism for playing the role of Floyd as dishwater dull, showing no emotion except for a few forced smiles and chuckles. Yet his portrayal was actually pretty good as a cool-headed and businesslike astronomer-turned-spacefarer-turned-administrator, which is what Floyd was. Further, Sylvester's performance in the movie's videophone scene was extraordinary, in view of the fact that there was no actual conversation going on . Vivian Kubrick's performance as the little girl \"Squirt\" was pre-recorded, and Sylvester pretended to react to her, thereby giving a quite convincing portrayal of an actual video call. Also, the William Sylvester version of Floyd embraced his responsibility for emphasizing the importance of secrecy, and secrecy was central to his character at every stage; the Roy Scheider version was adamantly critical of hiding information, and denied having anything to do with the consequences of secrecy orders. 1. Mr. Andrews Calls. Heywood Floyd took a sip from his coffee mug, and made a face. Only warm , he brooded. Not hot. The coffee machine had been acting up, and it was time to authorize a replacement. Floyd took another sip and decided to dump the rest of the contents of his mug into the cafeteria sink. Floyd checked the dishwasher next to the sink, and finding it empty, placed his now-empty mug inside. \"Dr. Floyd!\" Floyd turned toward the urgent voice calling his name. The voice was that of his administrative assistant, and the alarm in his voice was unmistakable. \"What is it, Jan?\" Floyd kept his voice even. \"There's a BBC reporter calling for you, he says it's very urgent!\" Floyd strode quickly out of the cafeteria toward his office, with his assistant falling in beside him. \"Did the reporter tell you what this is about?\" \"He said it had to do with Discovery , and that it was of the greatest importance! 'Absolutely urgent,' he said!\" Floyd reached his office. \"Okay, Jan, I want you to go fetch Dave Berger at PR, right away. And ask Marlene and Rachel to come to my office, too. What line is the reporter on?\" \"Line three.\" \"Oh, and Jan, what's the reporter's name?\" \"He told me, Dr. Floyd, but I'm sorry, I don't remember.\" \"That's all right, just go get Rachel and Marlene and Dave. Tell Dave I need him on the double.\" As the assistant hustled off, Floyd sat behind his desk and moved his phone close. He lifted the receiver and pressed the flashing button for line number three. \"Heywood Floyd.\" \"Good afternoon, or I should say, good morning to you, Dr. Floyd. My name is Harrison Andrews of the British Broadcasting Corporation, News Division. I am calling you from London.\" The man had an accent that reminded Floyd of comic actor John Cleese, and it occurred to Floyd that perhaps the man on the other end of the line was John Cleese, or perhaps a comic actor of a different kind, possibly a poser seeking to have a little fun with the Chairman of the National Council of Astronautics. Some impostors had tried to interview Floyd on previous occasions. It was also possible, Floyd knew, that the caller might really be from the BBC. Though legitimate news organizations had all been made aware that requests for interviews or comment ought to go through Berger in the Public Relations department, some go-getters had tried to bypass the PR people and get a statement from Floyd directly. Floyd hoped Berger would arrive quickly; Berger knew all of the reporters, and might be able to verify the caller's identity, and might be able to say whether the call was legitimate or a hoax. Until then, Floyd decided to play it cool. \"Yes, Mr. Andrews, what can I do for you?\" \"Dr. Floyd, we at the BBC are planning to broadcast a story by television shortly, concerning the Discovery spacecraft and related subjects. I wanted to give you the opportunity to comment on the story before it is broadcast.\" Floyd heard a quiet knock on his office door, and he waved in Marlene Vasquez and Rachel Steeg. He gestured to them to sit down. He decided to ask a question to bring them up to speed. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Andrews, did you say the BBC had aired this story about Discovery , or that the BBC was planning to air it?\" \"The BBC are planning to broadcast the story, about six hours from now. I can assure you, Dr. Floyd, that if you choose to comment on the story, that the BBC will report your comments fairly. We are most interested in hearing what the Council of Astronautics has to say.\" \"Mr. Andrews, you say that you want a statement from me about a pending story. Ordinarily, you should go through our public relations department. David Berger should be able to help you.\" At that moment, Berger appeared at Floyd's office door. Floyd waved him to close the office door, and seat himself in a chair. \"In fact, Mr. Andrews, David Berger just stopped by my office. Perhaps you could speak to him now. Would it be all right, sir, if I placed you on speakerphone? In the office with me are Mr. Berger, and two of my department heads, Dr. Marlene Vasquez and Dr. Rachel Steeg. Dr. Vasquez is head of administration, and Dr. Steeg is principal mission liaison. Would it be all right with you if I put you on speaker?\" \"It would, yes.\" Floyd pressed a button on his telephone to activate the speakerphone, then introduced the man on the other end. \"Everyone, this is Mr. Harrison Andrews of the BBC News Division.\" \"Good day to all of you,\" Andrews said. \"David, I am told you are present; can you hear me?\" \"Yes, I can, Harrison,\" Berger replied. \"I recognize your voice. I should explain for the benefit of my colleagues that you and I have conversed in the past and that you have previously presented me with your credentials. May I ask why you chose on this occasion to try to contact Dr. Floyd directly, rather than through my office? You know that is a breach of our understanding.\" \"My apologies, David. The answer is that it is a matter of timing. Our story is such that we cannot wait for it to go 'through the usual channels,' as it were. We believe the story is of the greatest importance. And we believe that commentary from Dr. Floyd, personally and not by way of a spokesperson, is warranted.\" \"If the story pertains to the communication difficulties being experienced by Discovery ,\" Floyd broke in, \"then you really don't need to speak to me. Those are issues that are being handled quite capably by Dave and his people.\" \"I quite agree, Dr. Floyd. The communication concerns are indeed a part of the story, but they are not the main part. They are not the lede.\" The BBC is going to report a story about Discovery , but about something of greater import than the vessel's communications problems? Floyd glanced at the faces of Vasquez and Steeg. Their expressions told him that they has no idea what was about to come. Floyd grit his teeth. \"What is the BBC's story, Mr. Andrews?\" \"Dr. Floyd, the BBC have received reports that we believe to be credible, to the following events: in 1999, the United States discovered an artifact on the Moon. This artifact was, without question, of alien origin, indicating that intelligent life from other worlds had in the past visited the Moon, and very likely had also visited the Earth as well.\" Andrews paused. Floyd spoke. \"Stories like that have been floating around for quite a while, now, Mr. Andrews.\" \"I realize that. But, as I say, this information comes to us from credible sources. In the past, your council has responded to such reports with the most cursory dismissals, and in recent days, has ignored such reports entirely; which responses were quite understandable given that sources were, if I may be forgiven for saying so, loonies. I can tell you, Dr. Floyd, that the BBC have investigated the matter quite thoroughly. We most certainly do not rely upon the words of loonies. We have quite solid evidence that corroborates what I have said about an alien artifact.\" \"Would you care to share that 'quite solid evidence' with us, Harrison?\" Berger urged. \"I'm afraid that I am not in a position to do so at this time. But I can say that the evidence is compelling and that it has been independently confirmed by multiple sources. We know, for example, that the artifact was found buried on the Moon in or near the crater Tycho. Further, shortly after it was uncovered, the artifact emitted a very powerful radio transmission in the direction of Jupiter, which of course is Discovery 's destination. Still further, the mission of Discovery had previously been to explore the Jovian system, but after the artifact was found, Discovery 's mission was altered to include an important new objective, namely, to determine to what or to whom the transmission was directed.\" \"Is that all?\" Floyd asked calmly. \"No. There is much more. But I would at this time like to ask you, Dr. Floyd, on the record, whether you confirm or deny the discovery of an alien artifact on the Moon?\" No one said anything for several seconds. Floyd sighed. \"Mr. Andrews, I wish to explain something before I answer. My people and I are bound by various confidentiality laws, regulations, and agreements. We cannot respond to such questions, even if we wanted to. Therefore—\" \"If you'll pardon me for saying so, that's nonsense,\" Andrews interrupted sharply. \"You have denied similar reports in the past without resort to issues of confidentiality. I want to know, Dr. Floyd, whether you continue to maintain your denials, now that you are dealing with a reputable news organization.\" \"This situation is different,\" Floyd responded. \"If I understand you correctly, you deem some of your sources to be credible, and it is possible you deem them so because those sources may be one or more persons who are involved with the mission and who have access to confidential information; and if that is so, then issues of confidentiality most certainly are involved. Until I can get an opinion from our legal people as to our confidentiality obligations, I really have no choice but to say that I can neither confirm nor deny your story. But I can tell you this, Mr. Andrews. We will be looking at whether we wish to make a formal response, and what that response ought to be. May we contact you in the event that we wish to speak to you at a later time?\" \"You may. David knows how to contact me. Just as a polite reminder, the story will be broadcast at 2:00 p.m. your time. The BBC are currently airing promotional advertisements saying that there will be a report having significant and surprising information related to Discovery 's mission to Jupiter. We expect viewership to be quite substantial.\"[Chapter 2] 2. Conference. Floyd stood at the front of the conference room. He had just conveyed what he'd heard from Andrews to nearly everyone of significance in the mission, who were present either in person or by telephone; with the notable exceptions of the astronauts aboard Discovery . The time delay made communication with Astronauts Bowman and Poole impractical. \"There you have it,\" Floyd intoned. \"The secret is about to get out. Questions? Comments? Suggestions?\" Vasquez spoke first, and she spoke loud enough for everyone to hear. \"Someone in this organization has broken confidentiality rules,\" she began. \"We suspected there might be a leak when the story broke about the seriousness of Discovery 's communication troubles. I think we now know that someone in our organization has talked, when he or she should not have done so.\" \"That may be true,\" Floyd agreed, \"but finding the leak and taking remedial action are not our priorities right now. Our main concern is the report that is about to be broadcast by the BBC in a matter of hours, and whether we want to comment on it before it airs.\" \"I agree, Heywood,\" Vasquez replied. \"My point is not that we ought to drop everything and hunt down the leaker. My point is that we don't want to take a problem with our confidentiality procedures and make that problem worse .\" Steeg spoke up. \"I don't see how we can comment on the story. All we've heard is a terse summary of the story's lede. We don't know what details or evidence the BBC has. For all we know, their evidence is nothing more than a clever hoax, and they might have nearly every fact wrong. Or they may have some things right and a lot of things wrong. I wouldn't want to be in a position where we confirmed 'facts' that turned out to be wrong.\" \"Liz,\" Floyd turned to Assistant General Counsel Elizabeth Groh, \"from a legal standpoint, can we say anything?\" Groh cleared her throat. \"I'd say no. Even if or when the secret gets out, we are all still bound by our oaths and agreements not to discuss anything with the public. Moreover, only the communications and public relations group speaks for us; none of us speaks for the Council or for any department or for the mission. That said, our original confidentiality restrictions recognized the possibility that secrecy might not be maintained forever, and that if secrecy is lost, it may be necessary for the head of the Council to make a formal statement. What that means is that you, Dr. Floyd, have the authority to comment as you deem necessary and appropriate, but I'd advise that we wait and see what the BBC reports before you say anything on the record. Then you may comment, if you choose; but the rest of us have to keep our mouths shut, at least for the foreseeable future.\" Mark Pierre, from one of the scientific research divisions, spoke next. \"Heywood, if the BBC reporting is mostly accurate, I think you'd have to issue a statement of some kind. You cannot simply continue to deny things that we know will eventually come to light anyway. You don't want to go down in history as a liar or a cover-upper.\" Floyd smiled. \"No, Mark, I certainly don't. But I will have to justify why I maintained secrecy for so long. Not too long ago, some members of the Council felt that the time was ripe for us to make a public announcement, and put the matter to a vote. The deciding vote was mine, and I didn't feel we were ready just yet. We've been trying to raise public consciousness about our place in the universe, but I haven't been satisfied that we've been able to do that well enough. It seems to me that there's still too much superstition and xenophobia in the world in general, and in the United States in particular.\" \"I've never been as optimistic as you that we'd rid the world of superstition and xenophobia in my lifetime,\" Pierre responded, and others in the conference room laughed. \"But whether the world is ready for it or not, it may just be that we will have to confirm that an intelligent alien civilization may have visited us on a previous occasion. Now, we'll have to make it clear that we can estimate the time of their visit by what we found when we excavated the artifact. There will be those kooks who say that the aliens helped the Egyptians build the pyramids, or that they inspired various primitive artwork. We must be ready to say that those kooks are almost certainly wrong and that the aliens did not interact with human beings, since there were no human beings at the time of their visit. We most certainly do not want to validate every crackpot story that has been circulating about alien visitors. We also need to make it clear that there is no indication of any hostility, no evidence whatsoever of any planned invasion.\" \"Good points,\" Floyd agreed. \"But they probably ought to be saved for later consideration. You're right, Mark, we will have a lot of educating of the public to do. For right now, as I see it, my best course of action is this. I will contact Mr. Andrews of the BBC. I will tell him that I am not in a position to comment on his reporting, until I see what is actually reported.\" Floyd turned to Groh, \"Liz, I think I'll give prudence as my grounds for refusal to comment at this time, rather than say I that I cannot answer on advice of counsel.\" \"That's fine,\" Groh nodded. \"Claiming to rely on a lawyer's advice always looks bad.\" \"After we see what the BBC reports,\" Floyd continued, \"and after we learn what evidence they actually have, we can issue a formal comment of some kind. That's how I propose to proceed. Any objections? Any recommendations?\" Floyd paused. \"Hearing none, that is what I will do. And if there's nothing further—?\" \"There is one thing I want to mention, Dr. Floyd,\" Berger spoke up from the back of the room. \"The BBC is promoting its report not only in the UK, but also in other markets. Many of the US networks are jumping on the bandwagon. One network is promoting the story as supposedly containing 'bombshell' revelations. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is heavily promoting the BBC story as well, as are outlets in continental Europe. It looks like the BBC is gunning for world-wide attention. And the BBC wouldn't be doing this unless they were one hundred percent confident in their reporting.\" \"If what you're saying, Dave, is that we ought to prepare ourselves for a world-wide upheaval,\" Floyd sighed, \"then I think I have to agree. The report is going to shock the world. It will come out eventually that we had an opportunity to break the news to the world in our own way, but I decided not to do that, and now I have to be responsible for that decision.\"[Chapter 3] 3. The Broadcast and Immediate Aftermath. The face of Harrison Andrews gazed upon billions of viewers. \"Before we leave you, we wish to repeat something we reported earlier. We tried to get the National Council of Astronautics to comment upon this programme before it was broadcast. In particular, we reached out to Dr. Heywood Floyd, Chairman of the Council, for comment. Dr. Floyd issued the following brief statement, which I will read to you in its entirety.\" Andrews held up a piece of paper and read. \"The statement reads, 'Thank you for the opportunity to comment on the content of your report prior to its broadcast. In view of the fact that we do not know in detail what will be reported, or the bases for such reporting, we cannot comment in advance. Although we have respect for the BBC's standards of journalism, we must recognize that your reporting may include errors, and we do not wish to appear to validate any reporting that may be erroneous. After the broadcast is complete, we will determine what comments, if any, are appropriate.' Well.\" Andrews lowered the paper. \"We will be waiting for your comments in due course, Dr. Floyd. This is Harrison Andrews; good evening.\" With that, the broadcast ended, and the network cut to a panel discussion of experts deconstructing the BBC report. \"Turn it off,\" Floyd ordered, and the conference room television went dark. \"Okay, first thing. What did the BBC get wrong? Anything?\" The room fell silent. Eventually Pierre spoke. \"I think they nailed it, Heywood. I couldn't think of a single thing that the BBC got wrong. They really did their homework; they had dates right, participants, documents. The photographs of the artifact were authentic, but I'll be damned if I know how they got them.\" \"They admitted that some of what they reported was speculation,\" someone said, but Floyd could not see who'd spoken. \"I noticed that, too,\" Floyd nodded. \"Except they tended to call it 'inference' rather than 'speculation,' and what they reported was not only reasonable inference, it was also right. Or at least, they are inferences that we have drawn ourselves, so we wouldn't want to take issue with them.\" Floyd's administrative assistant abruptly charged into the room. \"Dr. Floyd, sorry to interrupt!\" Again, the alarm in his voice was unmistakable. \"Yes, Jan?\" \"Important telephone call for you!\" \"The BBC or one of the US networks?\" Floyd guessed. \"The White House,\" the assistant responded. Floyd hastily excused himself and dashed to his office, shut the office door, dove into his office chair, snatched up the receiver, and pushed the button for the only flashing light. \"Heywood Floyd.\" \"Dr. Floyd, this is Dr. Mitch Patterson, Science Adviser to the president.\" \"Yes, Dr. Patterson.\" \"Please stand by for the president. \" There was a moment of silence, then a familiar voice. \"Dr. Floyd, this is your president.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Floyd responded formally. \"I assume you just saw that report by the Brits.\" \"Yes, sir, I did.\" \"Well, the news is all over every goddamned network now. Mitch, are you on the line?\" Patterson's voice answered, \"I'm right here, Mr. President.\" \"Mitch, I want you to take the point in responding to this thing. Floyd, you help him, but you and your people don't say a goddamned word to any goddamned reporters without my okay, you got that?\" \"I've got it, sir,\" Floyd gulped. \"The news networks are all asking me whether I knew about this thing. And we all know the answer to that. Floyd, you briefed me on it just a few weeks before my inauguration, remember?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"You told me that the secret would never get out.\" Floyd knew he'd made no such promise, but now wasn't the time to contradict the president. \"I didn't think it would, sir.\" \"Well, goddamn it, people are already accusing me of covering up the thing! I just heard some goddamn congressmen telling a reporter that hiding information of this kind from the public is an impeachable offense, a crime against humanity. So as I see it, I gotta take the bull by the horns, here. I want Mitch to do the talking. Mitch, are you up to it?\" \"Yes, Mr. President,\" Patterson responded. \"There is no question that the information is just as important as any other top secret information the president hears. We can sell that to the people, I think.\" \"Okay, fine. Be sure to emphasize our carefulness in handling the matter, and that we were following in the footsteps of my predecessor. Floyd?\" \"Yes, sir?\" \"I think I'll be able to keep my political skin, but I'm not so sure you're going to be able to keep yours. The order for secrecy was your order, wasn't it?\" Floyd swallowed. \"Yes, sir, it was, and I'm ready to take responsibility for it.\" \"Good. Better draft a letter of resignation. Don't send it yet. But have it ready.\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"I suppose things are going to get pretty hot for you. But remember, not a goddamn word to any reporter.\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Floyd, one more thing. Do those boys up there in Discovery know about this thing?\" \"Sir, we know Dr. Bowman and Dr. Poole will be watching the BBC broadcast. For them, the broadcast will have just started. Dr. Kimball, Dr. Kaminsky and Dr. Hunter know a bit more, but they are in hibernation.\" \"All right, we're done. Goddamn it! Did you see that the networks are reporting that some riots are starting to break out around the goddamn country? Goddamn it! Mitch, I'm gonna do what I have to do, but I'm counting on you to help calm the people down! This isn't the end of the world, for God's sake!\" \"Will do, Mr. President,\" Patterson said. \"Dr. Floyd, please stay on the line so that you and I can converse privately.\" \"Yes, Dr. Patterson.\" \"Goodbye, Mr. President,\" Patterson said. \"Goodbye, Mr. President,\" Floyd echoed. There was silence on the line. The president had evidently already hung up.[Chapter 4] 4. The Press Briefing. Patterson saw the White House Press Room was packed. He mused for a few moments that most of those in attendance used cameras and microphones, and that most of those who reported the news in print no longer used press-based technology. Still, the name \"Press Room\" was still in use in the early days of the Twenty-First Century. As Patterson strode to the lectern, the hubbub in the room dissipated. Patterson took a folded sheet of paper from his jacket, unfolded it, and laid it on the lectern. \"Good afternoon, everyone. For those of you who don't know me, I am Dr. Mitchell Patterson and I am the Science Adviser to the President. I have a brief statement, after which I will be answering some questions, as best I am able.\" Patterson cleared his throat. \"Earlier today, the British Broadcasting Corporation aired a news report concerning the Moon and the mission of the spaceship Discovery to the planet Jupiter. Among those things reported by the BBC were: that an alien artifact was discovered on the Moon in 1999 by a team of American researchers; that the presence of the artifact was persuasive evidence that alien intelligent life had visited the Moon; that the presence of the artifact was persuasive evidence that the alien intelligent life had likely visited the Earth as well; that a powerful radio transmission in the direction of Jupiter was emitted by the artifact; and that one of the mission objectives of Discovery , now on its way to Jupiter, is to determine whether there was an alien presence near Jupiter that may have received this radio transmission. The BBC further reported on the communications problems experienced by Discovery , saying that those problems were placing the mission in serious jeopardy. It is my duty today to state, for the record, that the essential matters reported by the BBC... are all... factual .\" The Press Room erupted. Patterson held up a hand and waited for the room to become quiet. When the noise died down sufficiently, he continued. \"An artifact was indeed discovered by an American survey team in 1999. It was found buried beneath the lunar surface near the crater Tycho. There is no question that the artifact is of alien origin, and that it was deliberately buried on the Moon.\" Again, the noise rose. Patterson held up a hand, and said, \"Please, please, ladies and gentlemen.\" About a minute later, he proceeded. \"It is currently hypothesized that whatever intelligent life forms left the artifact on the Moon not only visited the Moon, but also visited the Earth. If the Earth had been visited at about the same time as the Moon, then the Earth would have been visited about four million years ago. At that time, the species homo sapiens did not exist. This is only speculation, but it does seem reasonable to surmise that the intelligent life forms who buried the artifact on the Moon were not interested in interacting with primitive life forms, but were interested in interacting with life forms technologically advanced enough and intelligent enough to travel from the Earth to the Moon. This may have been the reason that the artifact was placed on the Moon.\" More noise. It quieted quickly. \"As was reported, there was a single, very powerful radio emission from the artifact, and the emission was aimed at Jupiter. The Discovery mission, which had been planned since the 1980s, would be going to Jupiter in 2001. Following the radio transmission by the artifact, Discovery 's mission objectives were modified to include, as one of the goals, to determine whether there was any life form or machine or any other thing of alien origin that may have received the transmission.\" Patterson paused. \"That is really all that I have to say about the BBC report at this time. I can assure you, however, that there will be further briefings either by myself or by a representative of the National Council of Astronautics. Before I take questions, I just wish to say that the president is currently occupied addressing the numerous incidents of unrest that seem to have occurred in response to the BBC report. I also wish to say that the president was advised, shortly before taking office, of the incidents that I have described. These incidents were deemed top secret by the previous administration, and considering the monumental significance of the information, the president thought it prudent not to revisit his predecessor's policy without first giving extensive study to the question. I may also add that the information about the Moon and Jupiter was relayed to the president in connection with information pertaining to numerous other matters of national defense and national security, which as you all know are not matters for publication.\" Patterson folded the paper. \"I ask you, ladies and gentlemen, that when you ask questions, you do so with utmost courtesy, so that everyone may hear and have a chance. I'll now take questions.\" Patterson pointed to a reporter in the front row. \"Alice, I promised you could be first, so go ahead.\" The reporter stood. \"Thank you, Mr. Patterson. I would like you to tell us more about the artifact, in particular, its size, what it is made of, whether the photographs shown by the BBC were authentic, and whether it is expected that it will remain on the Moon or will be brought to Earth.\" She sat. Patterson whistled, drawing some laughter from the room. \"Okay, Alice, let me take those questions one at a time. The photographs were, I understand, authentic. As for what the artifact is made of, we just don't know. We do know that it is made of a very black material. As you may be aware, most lunar soil is quite dark, almost black. The artifact is much blacker than the lunar soil. I spoke with one person who observed the artifact up close, and he reported that the lights directed on the artifact were very bright, yet he could not cast a shadow onto it. The artifact is, I believe, about eleven or twelve feet tall. We expect that we will make available to you information as to more precise measurements, and I understand we will also be releasing some additional photographs. As for whether the artifact will remain on the Moon, that issue is still being studied. There are those who feel strongly that it can best be studied here on Earth, but no decision has been made, nor is any decision likely to be made for many months to come.\" Patterson called on another reporter, who asked, \"Any idea who this advanced civilization is, where they come from, what star is their home?\" \"No idea.\" The same questioner followed up: \"Are they from Jupiter?\" \"No idea.\" Someone else: \"Are they hostile?\" \"We have absolutely no reason to believe that. If they wanted to invade us or steal our planet's resources or wipe us out, it stands to reason they would have raided Earth when it was a lot less technologically advanced. And they didn't.\" Another questioner: \"How many times did they visit Earth?\" \"We don't know. We know they visited the Moon, but we do not have direct physical evidence that they even visited the Earth a single time. But it seems reasonable that they did.\" \"Do they have anything to do with flying saucers?\" asked someone else. Patterson was surprised to hear no laughter in response to what would otherwise be a patently nutty question. \"No, very unlikely. Our evidence is that they had no interaction with people at all, and that they came and left more than three million years before modern humans existed.\" \"Were the men on Discovery aware of the existence of the artifact?\" \"Mission Commander Dr. David Bowman and his deputy, Dr. Frank Poole, were not made aware of the artifact or the new mission objective, as it was determined they did not have a need to know. We understand that they did watch the BBC report, however, and we have since communicated with them to advise them of things of which they had been unaware. The three men in hibernation, Doctors Hunter and Kaminsky and Kimball, had some additional knowledge about the artifact and the new mission objective, but the only member of the Discovery crew with full knowledge was the ship's computer, the HAL-9000.\" \"Has Discovery made contact with these aliens? Is that why the ship is supposedly encountering 'communication problems,' to try to perpetuate the shroud of secrecy?\" \" Discovery has not made contact with any other life forms, nor has Discovery observed any alien artifacts. Dr. Bowman and Dr. Poole have been advised that contact is foreseeable, and that they may have future roles as emissaries, but they have not made contact with anything alien yet. Furthermore, I want to stress that the communication problems are genuine , and that Mission Control is working very hard to resolve them. They are not, I repeat, not a ruse to perpetuate secrecy.\" \"Why was the news about the Moon kept secret in the first place?\" Patterson took a moment. \"It was decided by the National Council of Astronautics that the alien artifact needed to be studied, and that the public needs to be given time to get used to the idea that we now have proof of intelligent life off the Earth.\" \"What right did the Council have to decide that?\" \"The Council was granted jurisdiction to deal with most significant lunar matters, as pertaining to the United States. And the Council decided that the artifact ought to be kept secret for a while.\" \"Were any other nations told about it?\" \"No.\" \"In 1999, there was a report of an epidemic on the Moon. That was just a hoax, wasn't it? A ruse, a part of the cover-up.\" \"Well,\" Patterson sighed. \"Yes. There was no actual epidemic. We needed a reason to seal off contact until we knew what we were dealing with. I would not call that a 'cover-up,' however.\" \"It was reported in early 2000 that the artifact was a spaceship. Is that report true?\" \"As far as we can determine, no. As I recall, the spaceship story was a publicity stunt, not an actual journalistic report. In any event, the artifact offers no indication of being any sort of mechanism of conveyance.\" \"Do you have any comment on the incidents of violence and unrest that seem to have broken out world-wide in response to the BBC report?\" \"No, I have no comment. My field is science, not breaches of the peace.\" \"How do we know the artifact sent a message to Jupiter and not someplace else?\" \"The transmission was detected by lunar satellites and deep space probes, I understand. I'll have to get someone more knowledgeable than myself to explain this. I can say that we do not know to a certainty that the target of the transmission was Jupiter; we can only say that transmission was directed so close to the position of Jupiter that we did not see how it could be a coincidence. If the transmission were directed to the nearest star along the same course, it would take the transmission nearly fifteen hundred years to reach that star, traveling at the speed of light. The transmission would have reached Jupiter in about forty-five minutes.\" \"What did the transmitted message say?\" \"We don't know. It appeared to be nothing more than a set of unmodulated tones.\" \"So when our people dug it up, we set off an alarm, then?\" \"That is one possibility, but there are many other possibilities as well.\" \"There were previous reports that an alien artifact had been discovered on the Moon, but these reports were denied. If they were true, why were they denied? Why wait until now to come clean?\" \"I cannot really speak to the denials made by the Council, except to say that many of these reports were denied because they included or were based upon false information. The BBC report was a different animal. Standards of journalistic integrity make a difference.\" \"The BBC said it had sources that worked for Mission Control. Can you confirm that?\" \"No. I don't know who their sources are.\" \"Do you plan to punish those sources for finally enabling the truth to be told to the people?\" \"I have no answer to that. Now please excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, I have gone beyond my allotted time limit.\" Patterson hurriedly left the room, with some additional shouted questions in his wake. Patterson loosened his necktie as he entered his office, and ordered his assistant to get Dr. Heywood Floyd on the telephone. About a minute later, Patterson asked Floyd, \"Did you see the press conference?\" \"Yes, I did. I thought you did well.\" \"Thanks. I sure appreciated your assistance in preparing. I noticed that you correctly predicted almost every question that they asked!\"[Chapter 5] 5. The Heat. Floyd was getting tired of saying \"No comment.\" Despite his efforts to restrict access by reporters, the questions kept coming at him— by telephone, by electronic message, by intermediary, by shouts from the parking lot— and his answers were always the same. \"No comment.\" In his news conference, Patterson had not mentioned Floyd's name, but news organizations reported that the effort to hush up information about the alien artifact and the changes to Discovery 's mission were entirely Floyd's doing. Heat was coming his way. Some additional heat was directed to the White House. The day after the news broke, Patterson called Floyd and said that the president had changed his mind. The president now authorized Floyd to explain to the reporters about the reasons for confidentiality, Patterson said. The president wanted Floyd to be brief, Patterson said. The president wanted Floyd to live up to his pledge to take responsibility for his actions, Patterson said. The president wanted Floyd to take all the heat for keeping things secret, Patterson said. The president wanted Floyd to tender his resignation, which the president would accept, Patterson said. Floyd sent his resignation letter electronically to the attention of the president. He then contacted Berger, who arranged a news conference in the largest auditorium on campus. \"Earlier today,\" Floyd addressed the assembled reporters, \"I tendered my resignation as chairman and as a member of the National Council of Astronautics to the President of the United States, who accepted it. The president has authorized me to give a brief statement. I will not be taking any questions.\" Floyd took a deep breath. \"When the extraterrestrial artifact was discovered buried on the Moon about two years ago, it was my strong recommendation that information about the find be kept secret. I was not the only one who recommended secrecy; the late Dr. Howell and Prof. Chu also felt very strongly about the issue. On the basis of our recommendations, the Council approved secrecy, but I was the one who advocated most strongly for it. I even made a special personal visit to the Moon to impress upon all of the people there with knowledge that their find was of the most monumental and historical importance, and further to impress upon them the need for absolute secrecy. Many of these people were scientists, who were opposed as a matter of general principle to keeping discoveries secret; but they all followed my directive, and information about the artifact was contained. Any blame that may be due for misguided application of confidentiality rests with me. I repeat for emphasis: if blame is to be assigned, then I am to blame. I was moved by two principal considerations. One was that we needed to keep things confidential until we knew what we were dealing with. Second, information concerning civilizations beyond those on Earth could be, I felt, the most potentially damaging information to our civilizations and to our species. The information could not simply be sprung upon the public. Doing so, I felt, would be highly disruptive and could result in cultural shock and social disorientation. Perhaps I was wrong to think as I did, but at least you now know why I made the decisions I did.\" Floyd took another deep breath. \"The Council had always expected a time would come when the information about the alien artifact would be made public. A few months ago, the Council considered releasing the information. A vote was taken. As chairman, I cast the deciding vote, and I voted that the information would remain secret. The decision to retain secrecy therefore falls upon my shoulders. I realize that there are many who sincerely believe that my reasons for secrecy were wrong, and that the information I possessed was for all of humanity, and not mine to hide. I can only say that I believed then, and I believe now, that I made the best decision on the basis of the evidence available to me. Thank you.\" Floyd abruptly turned and left, ignoring the questions shouted at him. He went to his office to clear out his desk. A security guard named Jimmy assisted him. Floyd held a large office, and there was a lot of material to be moved out. After three hours of packing boxes, Jimmy called for some extra boxes to be brought. Floyd was not packing boxes continuously. Many people came to Floyd's office to shake his hand and wish him well. A few gave him telephone numbers of universities and research facilities that they said would be delighted to take him on. Rachel Steeg poked her head into Floyd's office while he was removing some pictures from the wall. \"Heywood, could you come with me?\" \"Come with you, where?\" \"Video room. Dave Bowman and Frank Poole are going to answer questions from the BBC. I heard the questions they were asked; they were asked about you.\" \"The video room; is that okay, Jimmy?\" Floyd asked the guard. \"Sure thing, Doc, as long as I'm with you.\" In the video room, Dave and Frank were shown answering questions from a BBC reporter named Martin Amer. Floyd knew that Amer had asked his questions more than an hour and a half ago, and that the answers from Discovery had arrived on Earth only recently. Most of Amer's questions seemed to be lightweights. Bowman and Poole handled them easily. When Amer asked two questions of HAL, however, HAL responded to each question that he had no comment. Floyd thought this was out of character for HAL, and wondered what HAL was thinking. Then Amer's voice asked, \"Dr. Bowman, did you see the statement given to the press by Dr. Heywood Floyd concerning the secrecy surrounding the Moon and Discovery , and if so, do you have any comment as to that statement?\" It seemed to Floyd that Bowman's expression was grim. \"Well, I've known Dr. Floyd for some years,\" Bowman began soberly. \"In my judgment, he is not a man who speaks to deceive or to mislead. He is not a man who takes action on a feeling or a whim. I take him at his word that he believed that strict secrecy was vitally important, and that the news about contact with other civilizations could be extremely disruptive, if not properly handled. I do not mean to suggest, Mr. Amer, that the BBC handled its story improperly or was in any way at fault; but the news reports we've been getting from Earth tell us of a number of unfortunate events that have recently occurred on our home world, apparently in reaction to your story. These news reports indicate to me that Dr. Floyd's concerns were quite valid. Now, I am not the one who should say whether what Dr. Floyd did was right or wrong. I am content to let history judge him. But I unabashedly reject any suggestion that Dr. Floyd tried to keep matters secret out of a misguided or sinister motivation, as some people have suggested.\" Poole piped up, \"Hear, hear!\" Floyd found himself so emotionally moved that he could not hear the end of the interview. When the interview with Bowman and Poole concluded, Floyd turned to Steeg. \"Rachel, is there any chance Mission Control will let me send one last message to the boys?\" \"I doubt it, Heywood,\" Steeg said with sympathy. \"But if you have a message you'd like to have me send to them, I can see that they'll get it.\" \"Tell them, 'Thanks for your kind words, they meant a lot.'\" \"Will do.\" \"Oh, and Rachel, there's one thing you may want to look into. Did you notice that HAL refused to comment on the questions put to him?\" \"Yes, I did. What's with that, do you think? Do you think HAL knows that the problems are worse than was reported?\" Floyd rubbed his chin. \"I don't know. HAL was asked about things that, until recently, were top secret. Has anybody made HAL aware that his directive concerning confidentiality is no longer operative, or at the least, has been modified?\" \"I'm sure he knows that the old rules of confidentiality are no longer applicable.\" \"Does he? Why then did he refuse to comment on the questions he was asked? There's something else, too. HAL is programmed to play a recorded message for the entire crew when they are ready to know the full purpose of the mission. I recorded that message myself shortly before Discovery left Earth orbit. But in their interview, Dave Bowman and Frank Poole didn't mention it, and didn't seem to know anything about it. That may mean that HAL thinks that some rules of secrecy are still in force.\" \"Or it may mean that HAL is saving the message for when the entire crew is revived?\" \"That may be.\" Floyd lowered his voice. \"Rachel, HAL was operating under secrecy orders that were my orders. I'm no longer head of the Council anymore, so I don't have the authority to rescind those orders, and I can only suggest this: Have the acting chairman of the Council speak to HAL. Make sure that HAL knows that he doesn't have to keep secrets anymore from Dave Bowman and Frank Poole, or any other member of the crew. Make sure HAL understands that circumstances may require the Mission Commander to make some adjustments to mission objectives, and HAL has to be ready to roll with the punches and be less rigid in his thinking.\" Floyd swallowed. \"The orders I issued to HAL about secrecy were of very high priority, and it's not as though HAL could decide on his own to forget them or disregard them. Those guys up there already have enough problems, and I don't want my orders to get in the way of HAL working with and sharing information with the crew.\"[Chapter 6] 6. A Call for Help. Floyd thought the heat would abate after he resigned, but it did not. The weeks that followed were harrowing. Floyd received several anonymous death threats. Someone tried to set fire to his house. Numerous voices on television continued to declare that Floyd's secrecy orders amounted to criminal activity, and that he ought to be arrested and prosecuted. The FBI and the Justice Department disagreed, and nothing came of it, but the accusations of criminal responsibility on Floyd's part did not stop. A class action lawsuit, ostensibly brought on behalf of uncounted families, accused Floyd of wrongfully handling information in such a way that he should be culpable for the rioting and deaths and injuries and property damage that followed the BBC report. Floyd's lawyer convinced the district court not to certify the class, which effectively ended the suit. More troubling was a network television report in which Floyd's 1999 trip to the Moon was described in detail. In the interest of getting to the Moon quickly, Floyd had traveled to the Moon by way of commercial transport. On the Orion shuttle to the orbiting space station, Floyd was the only passenger. On the Aries 1B shuttle from the space station to Clavius Base on the Moon, Floyd was the only passenger (though some company personnel were on the Clavius shuttle \"deadheading\" back to the Moon). On the return trip to Earth, Floyd again flew nearly alone. Floyd had estimated the cost of the trip to be about a million dollars, but the network reporter computed things differently. Taking into consideration the costs of flying near-empty craft round-trip, flight clearances, security, insurance, overtime, business interruption, loss of travel windows, and compensible passenger inconvenience, Floyd's little visit to the Moon cost closer to three hundred million dollars, the report said. Floyd knew that the Council's financing and risk-management structure meant that the most of those costs would not be paid by the friendly neighborhood taxpayer, but this seemingly significant fact was not reported. The network report sparked outrage and a renewed wave of threats against his life. Floyd's connections had enabled him to quickly secure a university position, but concerns about his personal safety meant he could not go to work. He remained a prisoner in his own home. Floyd hired security personnel out of his own pocket to protect his wife and his daughter, while they stayed with relatives at an undisclosed location. He hired another security team to protect himself and his property. He hoped things would lighten up soon. Fifteen days after Floyd's resignation, Rachel Steeg called. \"Heywood, we have some news about Discovery . Bad news. We'll be telling the world about it tomorrow, but I want to give you the story first.\" \"I'm just an ordinary citizen now,\" Floyd reminded her. Steeg turned on the sarcasm: \"Yes, I know, you're just an ordinary citizen who knows every detail about the mission inside and out, and who still has his security clearance, just like every other ordinary citizen.\" Dropping the sarcasm, she added, \"Circumstances are such that we have to get everyone who might be able to help involved. And that includes you. We need your help.\" Floyd dreaded to ask, \"Rachel, what happened?\" \"We've lost all contact with Discovery, for reasons unknown.\" \"When?\" \"Eight hours ago. Poole and Hunter were on an EVA to try to attach corrective apparatus to the antenna array to restore fine motor control.\" \"Yeah, I'd heard that Charlie Hunter got revived. Good decision, Rachel.\" \"Yeah. Communication from Discovery was spotty, but we knew Frank and Charlie were going to make the repair. We also knew we were going to lose all contact with Discovery during this repair. This procedure should have taken five hours, tops, and simulations indicated it could be done in under two hours. But we haven't heard a peep from Discovery since. Not even on the lower channels.\" \"Oh, man.\" \"Yeah. The assumption is that they didn't successfully repair the antenna complex, and that they may have made the problems worse. Possibly irreparable. We need ideas as to how to restore communication. We want everybody who might be able to contribute to chip in.\" Floyd took a moment. \"I'd like you to count me in, Rachel, but I don't know if that's a good idea. For one thing, I don't have any ideas, or at least, I'm sure someone else has already tossed out for consideration any ideas that I might have. And for another thing, a lot of people think of me as the 'King of Cover-Ups,' and so if you were to bring me on board, you'd have to deal with those who say that you're bringing me on board to hide some sort of secret mission that Discovery is up to.\" \"We're already dealing with loudmouths saying that. We don't care about them. We need all good minds focusing here, Heywood. We need people who understand what resources those guys up there have, and what they don't have.\" \"I... I can't come to your offices. Some of these loudmouths are threatening my life, and they may be armed loudmouths. I have to hole up here until things quiet down.\" \"You have a telephone and a computer, don't you? Well, then, you can contribute remotely. Heywood, let me tell you some of the ideas that have been proposed. The first is a communications vessel to be launched to Jupiter to rendezvous with Discovery .\" \"I can think of ten serious problems with that idea right off the bat.\" \"So can everyone else, and some of those problems are, as a practical matter, insurmountable. But the point is: we're considering everything .\" \"We have at least one orbiter around Jupiter now, don't we? Could we use it as a communications relay, to talk to Discovery on the ship's short-range communication system?\" \"That idea is being looked at, as well. There doesn't seem to be any way to turn that orbiter into a relay, but we're not giving up on that idea. It's also been suggested that Discovery deploy its Marius orbiter and use Marius as a communication relay. Now that is a really good idea, because Marius is capable of communicating both with Discovery and Earth; and the idea seems to be feasible. But the problem there, obviously, is that we have no way to tell the boys how to do that. They'd have to figure it out on their own.\" \"Maybe they can figure it out,\" Floyd said. \"Charlie knows a lot about Marius , Victor does, too. And HAL knows the most of all. HAL should be able to help them. Unless...\" \"Unless what?\" Steeg worried. \"Unless HAL balks. Use of the Marius probe as an orbiter is an important mission objective, and a great deal of its functionality is top secret. Rachel, did you send a message to Discovery to officially tell HAL about his new obligations with regard to mission objectives and confidentiality of secret information?\" There was silence for a few seconds. \"No, Heywood, I didn't. I proposed it, but the acting Mission Director and the acting head of the Council overruled me, both saying that Discovery had other priorities, things more important than overhauling HAL's security parameters.\" Floyd cleared his throat. \"I may be wrong, but it is possible that HAL might be resistant to Marius being re-purposed. I hope I am wrong.\"[Chapter 7] 7. Contact Reestablished. Three plans for reestablishing communication with Discovery were eventually approved, and all three were put into motion simultaneously. Two of the proposals involved enhanced radio transmissions from the Earth and the Moon, such that the transmissions could be received by one of Discovery 's smaller transceivers. The third plan involved use of powerful lasers to transmit messages optically. Discovery could be told that there were several possible ways to respond. Discovery could try responding by modulating the reflection of the received signals, or by bouncing signals from its misdirected antennas off Jupiter's moons, or perhaps by using directional interference from multiple transmitters to direct a message to Earth. Each of these methods would be cumbersome, but they would be a start. Before any of the methods could be put into practice, however, a strange signal was received by an observation post in Hawai'i. The signal had the same right ascension and declination as Discovery , and the signal was readily identified as coming from the Marius probe. The signal included a message. There was no video. There were no images. There was no voice communication. There was only text. It was a message from David Bowman. Steeg made sure that Floyd had access to the message from Bowman. Floyd found the message painful to read. \"This is David Bowman,\" Bowman wrote. \"Please acknowledge this message by transmission to Marius. I regret to inform you that I am the last surviving crew member of Discovery. Malfunction of the HAL-9000 unit has led to the confirmed deaths of astronauts Poole, Hunter, Kaminsky and Kimball. The men have been buried in space. I have deactivated the higher brain functions of the HAL-9000. Automatic functions and life support are maintained. Discovery control is on manual. I estimate I have about four months before Discovery will have to perform any maneuvers. Communication with Earth is by relay through the Marius space probe. I wish to say for the record that I see no prospects for me returning to Earth, and I have come to terms with that reality. Please do not attempt a rescue mission for me. I will continue this mission for as long as I am able, to the best of my ability.\" There followed a brief explanation of how the attempt to repair the main antenna array had resulted in the array becoming inoperable. Bowman reported that the antenna post had become lodged in an unusable position before new sensors could be deployed, that the post could no longer be rotated in any direction, and that an effort to dislodge the post with a push had been unsuccessful. Bowman further reported how HAL had purported to assume command, how Hunter had convinced HAL to relinquish command, how HAL had taken the lives of Bowman's human shipmates, and how HAL attempted to take Bowman's life as well. Bowman reported that Hunter had reconfigured the Marius probe to serve as a relay prior to HAL's malfunction, and that Hunter's work had made communication by way of the probe possible. Bowman briefly recounted how he had deactivated HAL's higher intellectual functions, and he mentioned that one effect of his actions was to trigger playback of a pre-recorded message by Heywood Floyd, in which a secret purpose of the mission was revealed. Floyd's heart was heavy. He considered having a drink. He decided that he'd better call Rachel Steeg first. \"Hello, Heywood.\" There was evident sadness in Steeg's voice. \"Thank you for letting me see Dave Bowman's messages, Rachel.\" \"You're welcome. They are without a doubt the most discouraging words I've ever read. Mission Control is asking Dave to change his focus from what happened in the past to what can be done now and in the future, to focus on the mission ahead and get ready for Jupiter. We've notified the news folks that further messages from David Bowman as to what occurred in the past will have to wait until a later time. Right now, the biggest concern is how we can complete the mission under ground control.\" \"Good. That's why I want to talk to you. I have an idea for restoring communication to Discovery .\" \"Okay, Heywood, I'm listening.\" \"Have Dave follow through with the original plan. Have him mount the exterior sensors and reorient the main antenna array. Mission Control can help him tune the system so that the AE-35 unit can keep the array directed at Earth. Then you ought to have improved, if not near-total, communication capability reestablished, and ground control of the mission ought to be far more practical.\" \"That won't work, Heywood. Dave reported that the antenna post has become immobile, and it cannot rotate in either direction. The damned thing is stuck in the eleven o-clock position, or thereabouts, Dave said. It is unusable.\" \"Yes, that's what Dave said. And I'll bet he's wrong.\" There were about five seconds of silence. \"And you base this conclusion on what, exactly?\" \"I base it on the fact that Dave didn't try to rotate the antenna array. HAL did. I base it on the fact that Dave doesn't know whether the antenna array is really stuck. He only knows what HAL told him.\" It took Steeg a few seconds to catch on. \"You think HAL was lying ? You think that the array can move, but that HAL simply refused to move it and falsely reported that it couldn't be moved?\" \"That would be worth checking, wouldn't it? Just have Dave try a manual override command to rotate the array, and see what happens. If the array moves, have him proceed to mount the sensors externally, as planned.\" \"Heywood, this idea might get ridiculed, but I'm going to propose it anyway.\" \"If we're lucky, we should know in less than three hours whether I'm right, that HAL lied. If people give you a hard time, and ask you why HAL would have lied, or why you have any reason to think he would have lied, remind them... that HAL resorted to murder. Before that, he resorted to mutiny. So maybe it's possible that before that, he resorted to sabotage and lying.\" \"Yeah. Yeah. I'll make that pitch. But Heywood, I'll leave out the part that HAL may have resorted to those acts in order to implement the confidentiality orders that you gave him.\" \"I'd appreciate that,\" Floyd grunted. \"Leave that part out. If I were you, I guess I'd start out by just telling Mission Control, 'You might as well give it a try.'\" Steeg said she would get back to Floyd later, and hung up. Floyd thought again about having a drink, but decided against it. Instead, he brooded. Exactly three hours after she hung up, Steeg called Floyd. Her voice trembled. \"Heywood, you're a hero.\" \"Come again?\" \"Dave Bowman tried to manually rotate his antenna array and found out to his utter astonishment that he could rotate it. You were right, HAL was lying. HAL was trying to interfere with communications. So Dave and Mission Control are making plans to do an EVA to install new sensors. After that, it is believed that sufficient communications functionality can be restored, so that the mission can be completed successfully.\"[Chapter 8] 8. Good-Bye. In the weeks that followed, most communication capability with Discovery was restored. Physical instability of the communication apparatus was still a concern, but the concern turned out to be manageable. Bowman was given directions to apply braces to help stabilize the physical antenna mount to some degree and, just as important, to prevent further deformation of the antenna support structures. Some sturdy support beams, a couple of hydraulic and mechanical jacks, a few high tension straps, and application of some good old-fashioned duct tape, and the mount was as stable as it could get. It was hardly a permanent fix, and it certainly was not pretty, but Bowman hoped it would prove to be good enough to allow the mission to continue under ground control. Bowman took his time on an EVA and installed the new sensors on the antenna array. He followed Mission Control's directions for getting the antenna system to respond to the new sensors. He notified Mission Control, via Marius , that he was ready to bring the main dish back on line. Using manual override, he pointed the main antenna at Earth as slowly and as accurately as he could, and engaged the automatic directional control system. After a few seconds, the AE-35 took over and gently pointed the main dish squarely at Earth. Beethoven's Ninth Symphony erupted from the speakers aboard Discovery : \" Freude! Freude! Freude, schöner Götterfunken Tochter aus Elysium! \" Mission Control had said it would be sending Discovery continuous information so that Bowman could know whether he'd reacquired Earth and how good his signal quality was; but he hadn't been told that the signal would be music. Bowman listened to the music from home with immense relief. After listening to the conclusion of Beethoven's Ninth and the short introduction to Also sprach Zarathustra by Richard Strauss that followed, Bowman sent a message of his own to Earth. \"Mission Control, this is X-Ray Delta One. Roger your Beethoven's Ninth, signal is five-by-five.\" There was some tuning of the system to be done, but Mission Control did it remotely with no problems. In addition, Mission Control specialists found that ringing vacillation in the control systems could be dampened electronically. The public was informed about what had happened to Discovery . There was world-wide mourning for the loss of four of the five interplanetary travelers. Outrage over secrecy and cover-ups quieted as public interest turned to the question of what Discovery would find as she came to the zenith of her mission. Dr. Heywood Floyd was publicly given credit for making the key recommendations that saved what had been thought to be a hopeless situation. Floyd was quietly offered a chance to return to his former position with the Council, but he declined. He told the Council that he had accepted that his days with the Council were over. But he asked the Council for a favor, and the Council unanimously voted to grant his request. Floyd sat in the Mission Communicator's chair, where the Voice of Mission Control was usually stationed. Floyd laid out some notes on the desk, and checked his appearance on the video monitor. \"You may begin anytime, Dr. Floyd,\" the Voice of Mission Control kindly prompted, standing off to Floyd's side. Floyd looked at the camera, and spoke. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Roger your one-four-zero-zero. Heywood Floyd, former Chairman of the National Council of Astronautics, speaking. Dave, I have been afforded this opportunity to speak to you. First: my condolences to you on the loss of your shipmates.\" Floyd paused, checked his notes, and continued: \"Dave, you are now just days away from Jupiter. Your odyssey has been a long and difficult one. You have had to face problems unlike any others in the history of mankind, and I know that some of the most difficult challenges may lay ahead. I wanted to tell you that I can think of no one more capable than you to meet these challenges. History is going to be made, and I am proud that you will be the person making it.\" Floyd broke into a wide smile. \"Not that I want to put any pressure on you, Dave. On the contrary. I know you'll maintain an even strain, like you always have.\" Floyd took a second or two. His smile melted away. \"Dave, I was one of those who selected you for this mission. This was never intended to be a one-way trip, you know that. The plan was that Discovery would take you to Jupiter, and Discovery 2 would take you home. By now you know that construction of Discovery 2 has been put on hold, and Discovery 2 will not be coming to bring you home. I feel I must tell you, Dave, that I agree with this decision. This is not a matter of economics, this is not a case where any reasonable person can say you are unworthy of rescuing. No, the real reasons are more pragmatic. Your mission has suffered a number of, let's say, catastrophes, and we have to admit that we are lucky to have made it this far. We cannot let Discovery 2 follow in the footsteps of Discovery and expect all to be well.\" Floyd paused. \"I'm sure you understand.\" Floyd felt himself getting choked up, but he pressed on: \"Dave, it has been the greatest honor of my life to have known you. I mean that. It breaks my heart to think that I will not, in all likelihood, ever be able to shake your hand and congratulate you face-to-face for a job well done. So let me take this opportunity, here and now, to say thank you, Dave, for all that you have done, and to congratulate you in advance on what I am certain will be a job well done. X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. One-five-five-zero. Good-bye and farewell, Dave. Transmission concluded.\" THE END ","Summary":" INTERMISSION, SECOND PART Introduction. This is a story based upon my earlier story, \"Intermission"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"A Change in Fate","Author":"arinhel.melleide","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10568715","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I haven't uploaded anything in a long time, but I believe I am finally getting back into the game. This is one of the better pieces I have written lately, full of romance and drama set in the world of the movie Pompeii of which I own nothing (except a bluray/digital copy but that's beside the point). I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us. Please be patient and non-judgmental as you read the rest of this author's note. This story has a similar premise to one already existing on this site. I have discussed at length with the author of that story, and they have given me their blessing to upload it here anyway. I am not plagiarizing their story, as mine will being going in a different direction and be a bit darker, I believe. You can ignore this story if you wish, but I hope you won't because I am extremely proud of it. Thank you for your patience and I hope you enjoy the story. Edited: 5/31/18 Chapter I: A Look as if in a Dream She was grateful to Ariadne for pulling her away from that awkward conversation, but Cassia wondered what had gotten into her friend. She was acting very strange as she pulled Cassia along. \"Look over there,\" Ariadne jerked her head to indicate the direction she meant. Cassia looked up and her breath caught in her throat. There was the slave that had been finding his way into her thoughts since the day before, standing on a short pedestal, put on display as entertainment for the ladies. A few were fondling his arms, or caressing his chest. Heat rose on Cassia's cheeks as she thought to herself, What would he feel like under my fingers? The heat suffused her complexion even more when the trainer forced him to turn and his eyes caught hers. Cassia quickly looked down at her feet, embarrassed by the thoughts running through her head; she barely heard what Ariadne was saying to her. She glanced back up at him through her lashes, a small smile formed when she saw he was still looking at her. Trying to keep her thoughts under control, Cassia kept looking at her feet, but the power of his gaze kept pulling hers back. The Pompeiian girl was sad that he was here though, it confirmed what she had speculated when she first saw him, that he was a gladiator bound for the games on the morrow. Cassia was worried that he would die before she even learned his name. Suddenly a mad thought struck her. What if I bought him? As his owner, she would be able to keep him from fighting and dying in the arena, could keep him near her, get to know him. As soon as that thought hit her though, her father came and swept her away to the balcony, saying her presence had been requested by a guest. She kept eye contact with the slave for as long as possible, watching his expression fall a little as she walked out of his sight. Cassia was less than thrilled to discover the guest in question was Senator Corvus, the main reason she had left Rome. She left as soon as she had spent as much time with him as she could bear and was out of the room and making her way to where the gladiators were on display. She walked up to the portly man, Graecus, master of the gladiators, picking up Ariadne again on the way. She kept asking what had happened, but Cassia waved her off, she did not want to think about the Senator at the moment. \"Master Graecus,\" he turned to face Cassia, a wan smile on his face. \"Lady Cassia, I do not normally have the pleasure. What can I do for you?\" His voiced oozed grossly in her ears, and she suppressed a shudder. \"You own this man, correct?\" She asked, pointing to the slave who was still staring at her, though now it was mostly in confusion. \"Yes, I d-\" Cassia didn't even let him finish. \"Would you be willing to sell him to me?\" The expression on his face was shock and confusion. She briefly glanced at the slave in question and saw that his gaze had hardened, and he was looking at her with disgust . She kept the hurt from her expression and channeled it into determination as she glared Graecus down. \"My lady, he is but a savage who has been nothing but a gladiator his whole life, I am told. What need would you have of him?\" He was looking pompous now, seeming to have found a way out. \"I have seen the way he is with horses. My horse trainer, Felix, disappeared last night during one of the tremors, and my horse came back without him this morning. I wish for this man to look after my horse.\" Cassia looked at the slave again, a pleading look in her eyes to try and make him understand. \"I am afraid this man, known only as the Celt, is set to fight single combat against my champion, Atticus, to close the games tomorrow, my lady. I cannot spare him.\" Graecus bowed slightly, not wishing to meet Cassia's burning gaze. \"I can assure you that you will be well compensated for what this slave is worth, you will find someone to take his place in the arena, I am sure of it.\" Cassia could see that it would be difficult to persuade Graecus, he was unmoved. \"Shall I fetch my father, then? I am sure he will listen to me, if you will not.\" She had turned and was about to tell Ariadne to fetch her father, when Graecus gently took hold of her arm. \"I am sure there is no need for that, Lady Cassia. Let's discuss a price shall we? I have heard you brought many goods back from Rome.\" He led Cassia away, and she could feel the burning eyes of the Celt on her back as she walked. She glanced over her shoulder and caught his gaze with hers. It was almost as if his eyes were speaking to her. The look in his eyes was one she could immediately understand. You're no different from the rest of them . Just as she had finished negotiating prices with Graecus, the ground began to shake beneath their feet. Cassia heard a woman scream, plates and pottery smashing; she looked back over to the Celt and he seemed more anxious and confused than afraid. He glanced at her, and she thought she saw concern, but his gaze was drawn to the window that he and the other gladiators were placed near. It was then that she heard the frantic whinnying and neighing of the horses. Cassia ran to the window and saw the grooms struggling, trying to hold the stable doors closed. One of the horses must have broken its lead in its fright. She looked up at the Celt. He glared down at her, almost as if he was daring her to order him like all the other masters and trainers. She stared right back at him, not caring about the scrutinizing looks she was receiving. Another frantic horse cry distracted them from their staring match. \"You do not have to go, but I fear the poor beast will hurt itself otherwise.\" Cassia glanced back up at him as she said this. He nodded his head and she led the way to the stables. She ordered the grooms away, after they informed her that it was Veras who had broken loose, and let him into the stable alone, as he had requested. The noble girl waited until the whinnying had died down before she went in. What she saw stunned her for a brief moment. The Celt was sitting atop and riding Veras as if he belonged there. \"How did you do that?\" Wonder and amazement laced in her voice. \"I asked him.\" He said this as if it was the simplest task in the world to calm a frightened horse about to bolt, and then hop on its back like he had done it a hundred times. \"You could ride, before you were a gladiator?\" Cassia asked. \"I could ride before I could walk. My people were horsemen.\" He replied as he slowed to a stop in front of her. Cassia pet and rubbed the beast's nose as she stared up at the man. \" Were horsemen?\" An inquisitive tone in her voice. \"My family were butchered by the Romans.\" A chill crept into his voice that hadn't quite been there earlier. \"I am so sorry.\" Cassia swallowed thickly around the emotion that statement brought upon her. \" Sorry ? What would a Roman know of such things?\" He asked, almost imperiously. \"I am not a Roman, I am a citizen of Pompeii.\" She replied determinedly. \"Then why do I see Rome's eagle everywhere I turn?\" He leaned forward on the horse, his intense eyes focused on her. \"I am no part of that!\" She nearly shouted as she said that. Cassia realized her behavior and quickly took hold of her temper, occupying herself with the horse in front of her. \"After a year in Rome, I hoped never to see that eagle again. Yet here it is thrust into the soil outside my home. My father believes he can bargain with those animals.\" She shook her head slightly. \"My father,\" he spoke more gently now, and Cassia looked up, struck by his tone. \"He would have killed every last one of them.\" The noble girl wasn't quite sure how to respond to that, so she settled for just gazing at his face. She was drawn into his eyes as he stared right back. \"Why did you buy me from him?\" \"I do not like the idea of men killing each other for sport.\" She turned around and asked over her shoulder, \"Are you unhappy with having been taken from the life of a gladiator?\" Evading his real question and walking to sit on a bench. He followed her, getting off the horse. \"I haven't really known another life, but I wouldn't say I'm unhappy with the change. This is the first time in many years that I have truly felt like a Celt.\" He crouched on the ground in front of her and looked up at her face, Cassia turned away. \"You never really answered my question.\" \"Like I said, I do not enjoy the games at the best of times, but I felt worse at the thought of seeing you fight in them tomorrow.\" She was struck by the thought that she didn't even know his name. She stood up and walked back to her horse, rubbing his nose affectinately. \"I feel even worse yet, for I do not even know your name, except that you are called The Celt. Though, I am sure you have learned mine by now.\" Cassia looked down at her feet for a moment, but then glanced back up as she heard him walk up next to her. \"I have, my Lady Cassia.\" He bowed to her, but she could see the insincerity and mockery in the gesture. Though she knew any other woman in her position would feel offended, Cassia could feel the small smile that formed on her face. At the same time, she did not like to hear the honorific coming from his mouth. It made her think of Senator Corvus and all the other men that flung themselves at her. The smile left her face at that thought, and he looked at her confused. \"I would feel more comfortable if you would call me Cassia, just Cassia.\" He looked puzzled, but nodded at her all the same. \"What should I call you? Other than the Celt, of course.\" She took a step toward him, the distance between them closing quickly as he stepped towards her also. \"My name is Milo.\" He moved as if to brush her face and Cassia was prepared to step into his touch, when her father entered the yard. Cassia took a few quick steps back, flushing from the neck up. Milo just stood there for a moment, a little dumbstruck at what he had been about to do. \"Cassia, your presence is required to farewell the guests. It has been a trying evening for us all, please do not disappoint.\" \"Of course, Father, I shall be there in a moment.\" He nodded and left. She turned back to Milo, only to see that he had gone to take care of Veras, stabling and brushing him down for the night. Cassia watched him for a brief moment before walking over to him. She laid a hand on his shoulder and applied a light pressure, asking him to turn and face her. \"Yes, Lady Cassia?\" She frowned at the honorific but let it go for now. \"I was wondering if you would care to follow me. I feel like I could use a little protection.\" Milo looked at her quizzically. \"You see, my father invited almost every suitable bachelor in the city, who, over the course of this night, have either asked for my hand or asked if they could accompany me back to my bedchamber.\" His eyebrows rose at this. \"Having a former gladiator as a bodyguard might be enough to deter them from asking anything else inappropriate while they are leaving.\" \"As you wish.\" She smiled at him, and he, briefly, returned the gesture, following her back into the villa. Cassia stood next to her parents as they said farewell to their guests. Her mother had raised an eyebrow when she saw her daughter's 'shadow'. Cassia had waved her off whispering, \"Later, Mother.\" She had then made one of those faces that every mother makes at their daughter at some point in their life when men are involved. Her father barely even noticed he was there at all. Milo appeared a little uncomfortable just standing there, a little ways behind Cassia, but not as much as when he was put on display earlier in the evening. Several of the unmarried men who her father invited took one look at Milo, who glared at anyone who came too close to Cassia, only nodded briefly at Cassia and walked, as quickly as they could politely get away with, out of the villa. Cassia almost laughed out loud as she saw one of them men, who had been trying to get her to spend the night with him, gulp and not even nod, he just ran. Unfortunately, the last guest to leave was Senator Corvus, the real reason that Cassia had asked Milo to act as her bodyguard for the evening. Cassia had hoped that having a gladiator standing next to her looking intimidating would deter him from speaking to her. Unfortunately, the senator was not so easily frightened. He didn't even seem to notice Milo at all, or her parents for that matter, as he walked straight up to Cassia, taking her hand. She felt Milo stiffen behind her, his breath coming in short bursts, as if he was having a hard time remaining calm. Proculus, the senator's second in command, noticed this and stared at him in confusion. \"I hope to see you tomorrow at the games, Lady Cassia. I believe I have a proposition you will not be able to refuse.\" His smile turned a little sinister as he bent to kiss her hand, and Cassia had to suppress a shudder of disgust. \"We will see about that, Senator Corvus.\" Cassia replied, ice in her tone. She wanted the Senator gone as soon as possible, and not just because he repulsed her. Cassia wanted to ask Milo what was causing him such distress. The Senator's sinister smile stayed in place as he spun on his heel and made for the gate. \"I hope to see those ledgers tomorrow, Severus.\" He didn't even turn his head to look at her father as he said this. Cassia finally turned her head to look at Milo. He shook with a barely contained rage, his eyes, filled with animosity, firmly fixed on the retreating backs of the Senator and Proculus. Cassia stayed outside, telling her parents she needed some fresh air after her encounter and that they should go inside. Her mother whispered in her ear as she walked by. \"I would like to hear the story behind this in the morning, Cassia.\" The girl nodded and then waited for her mother to fully enter the villa. Cassia put a hand on Milo's arm, and he started, jumping out of reach and pulling his fists up. When he saw who she was, he instantly dropped them and looked guilty. He mumbled an apology and sat on one of the steps, keeping his head down, looking at his hands. She walked to stand in front of him. He stubbornly kept his gaze on his hands. \"We can talk now, or we can talk tomorrow, but I do want an answer for your actions.\" His head shot up, a betrayed look in his eyes. \"I'm not upset,\" she assured quickly. \"Just a little worried, and confused.\" A relieved expression passed over his face and he let his head fall once again. They remained there, in silence, for a few moments until Cassia decided he would need a little time. \"I think we should talk tomorrow after a night's rest, don't you think?\" She hesitantly laid a hand on his shoulder. He looked back up at her, grasping her hand and pulling it from his shoulder. \"I can agree to that.\" Then he stood up and kissed her hand. Cassia flushed and shuddered again, but not out of disgust and she definitely did not suppress it. Milo smirked as he walked back to the stables, leaving Cassia sitting on the stairs alone in her thoughts. She remained seated and stared at her hand for a few moments trying to compose herself, before she went inside. What neither Milo nor Cassia knew was that they had been watched, the entire time, by two separate parties with very different motivations. Please don't forget to leave a review! ^_^[Chapter 2] A/N: I have decided to stick as close as I can to plot of the movie with the changes I have made. This chapter, though, will take place during the time jump in the movie from the middle of the night at the villa/cells to noon the next day at the games. It will also be quite a bit of fluff with some drama mixed in near the end, so get ready. I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us. Edited: 1/30/18 Chapter II: A Ride to Freedom? Cassia woke just after dawn the next morning, despite how late the Vinalia feast had gone. There was a small smile on her face as she remembered what she had done the night before. Knowing that she had saved Milo from fighting in the games and that he cared for her as a person. He would not have acknowledged her in the ways that he had, if he did not truly care. At least that was the type of person Cassia thought he was. Then she remembered everything else that had happened and the smile vanished. The Senator's words floated around in her head, and an icy dread filled her thinking about what he had implied as he was leaving. \"Any interesting dreams last night, Cassia? Perhaps involving a certain newly acquired bodyguard?\" Ariadne asked as she walked in to help Cassia get ready for the morning. A cheeky smile dominated her expression until she saw Cassia's face, whereupon it dropped and she went about helping her friend in relative silence. Cassia had told Ariadne everything that had happened when they were getting ready for bed. She had known what her childhood friend's reaction would be to Milo kissing her hand, a high, excited laugh followed by a short burst of giggling. She had gotten that over with first, and then she told her that the Senator had asked her to marry him. They talked for a little longer about everything else that had happened, particularly Milo's odd behavior upon seeing Senator Corvus, before going to bed. The noble girl was on her way to the stables to have that talk with Milo, when Aurelia, Cassia's mother, intercepted her. \"Mother?! You are up early this morning?\" Cassia exclaimed, trying to sidle around her. \"I could same the same about you, my dear.\" She gave her daughter a skeptical look. \"Join me on the balcony, Cassia, I believe there is a matter we have to discuss?\" Her mother raised an eyebrow, and walked back out to the balcony, Cassia following her reluctantly. Aurelia dismissed the servants that were tending to the bird-cages, and turned to face Cassia. \"Now what happened last night?\" \"It's a long story, Mother.\" A pleading note in her voice that seemed to say, 'Please, can we talk later?' \"I have the time and I like long stories.\" Cassia's mother was not going to let her get out of an explanation. \"Fine, but let us sit down. It will be difficult for me to talk about it, and some of it might be hard for you to hear. Let me start by telling you a little about when I was in Rome.\" Cassia proceeded to tell her mother about Senator Corvus's advances in Rome, the reason she came home early, meeting Milo on the road, and her mad impulse decision to buy him from Graecus. She did not mention the Senator's proposal of the previous night however, she did not want to discuss it with her mother. It was just too much for Cassia to think about. \"I brought him with me as a bodyguard because, it seemed like the best way to try to avoid awkward conversations and advances from the men Father invited. I had enough of that in Rome, and I did not wish it to continue here, in Pompeii.\" She hoped she had hidden her true reason well in the words she spoke. They were not untrue in any way, they were just not the whole truth. \"Alright, I think I understand most of it, but what I really want to know is what happened between this slave and the Senator? He seemed extremely agitated, and I don't think it was just because he couldn't scare him off like the rest of your suitors.\" Aurelia chuckled a little at the thought, but Cassia was too distressed from telling her story to laugh along with her mother. \"I agree with you, Mother, and I don't have an answer for you. I was on my way to ask Milo that same question when you stopped me.\" \"Alright,\" Aurelia closed her eyes and nodded. \"You may go.\" Cassia stood up and started to walk away, but her mother's hand shot out and grabbed her arm. A strange look came over her mother's face, and Cassia wasn't sure what it meant. \"What is it, Mother?\" She grasped her mother's hand. \"I will see you at the games this afternoon, will I not?\" \"Of course, you will. I know how important they are to Father.\" She let go of her mother's hand, and walked to the entryway to the balcony. \"I will see you this afternoon, Mother.\" Cassia smiled, waved and left. \"I thought you might have been here at dawn to see me, Cassia.\" She jumped, having just walked into the stall where he was working. Milo had not even looked up from cleaning the horse's hooves as he spoke. \"How did you know it was me?\" She asked, her heart still beating much too fast, she could hear the tremor in her own voice. Milo stood up and looked at her. It seemed a tension left his shoulders as he gazed at her, and Cassia had to fight down the flush that was starting to creep up the back of her neck. She held his gaze just as long as he held hers, never having been one to back down. \"You do walk lightly on your feet, true enough, but you wear scented oils. That is very noticeable in a place like the stables.\" He paused and stepped closer to her. \"No one else who would come through here at this time of day even own any scented oils, so who else could it have been but you, Cassia?\" He had taken another step towards her as he spoke, Cassia had moved forward as well, and now they were mere inches apart. He raised a hand to her face, but hovered just above her skin. His eyes searched hers, and she realized that he was seeking her consent. She slowly smiled and would have leaned into his palm, had not one of the grooms walked in. Upon seeing Cassia the man had wished her a good morning. Milo closed his eyes and Cassia could have sworn she heard a growl and muttered cursing, as she stepped back and reciprocated the greeting. The groom went on his way, having just been fetching a broom, leaving the two of them in peace once more. Unfortunately for Cassia, Milo had turned back around and was now brushing Veras. Seeing the mood was thoroughly broken, Cassia turned to her other motive for coming to see Milo. \"I would have been here at dawn, or close to at least, but my mother pulled me aside almost as soon as I left my chambers.\" She walked up to him and laid her hand on his arm, slowing his brushing. \"She wanted to know what happened last night, with Senator Corvus.\" Milo visibly tensed at the name, his arm completely still. \"And so would, I, but not for the same reasons.\" She gently squeezed his arm, and he finally turned his head to face her. The look Cassia saw, nearly stopped her heart. The rage on Milo's face was beyond measure. The pure, unadulterated hate in his eyes froze Cassia in place and was the only reason she had not let go of his arm and fallen a few steps back. She had never seen such anger in her life, and it scared her. Milo obviously saw the fear on her face, because he pulled his gaze, and his arm, away from her, continuing to brush Veras. \"You should go back inside and prepare for the games, my lady.\" His voice entirely monotone, and the use of her title cut Cassia more deeply than she would have thought. It drove away her fear though, replacing it with sheer determination to never give in. A smile that could almost be described as sly, made its way on her face as she thought up the perfect plan to get Milo to open up to her. \"No, Milo ,\" she made a pointed use of his name. \"I do not think I will. The games are not for hours, I have time for a short ride on Veras.\" Milo grunted in a bare acknowledgement, but Cassia had seen the slight pause in his work. \"Though, you know, I'm not allowed out for a ride unless the horse trainer comes with me, just in case something happens to the horse or myself.\" He was looking at her again, and Cassia thought she saw a glimmer of hope in his eyes. He laid down the brush and turned to face her fully. \"You will be even safer now, with your horse trainer being your bodyguard and a former gladiator.\" Milo said catching onto her train of thought, a prideful smirk on his face. \"Exactly what I had been thinking,\" A smug smile now firmly plastered on the noble girl's face. Her heart fluttered at how the smirk on Milo's face slowly transformed into an actual, genuine smile as they held each other's gaze. He had Veras saddled in a matter of minutes, but instead of helping Cassia onto her horse, he hopped up himself. He took Veras around the stables a couple times before he stopped and walked the horse up to her slowly. The look on his face asking her a question, and Cassia was a little confused what, until he extended an arm down to her. She looked down at his arm, up to his face, back to his arm, and then looked questioningly into his eyes. To which he responded by raising his eyebrows at her in a clear dare. Well are you coming, or not? Cassia smiled and grabbed hold of his forearm, and she was then lifted up and deposited behind Milo as if she was light as a feather. She had not been passive in that moment, but he had made the task so much easier by taking her full weight. On one arm. Not even a twitch on his face or a grunt of real effort. The noble girl placed her hands on his shoulders, but felt that was not a secure enough place. She shifted her arms to wrap around his middle. Ariadne had been right, Milo had an extremely impressive physique. She could feel the muscles under her arms, along with the feeling of smugness that seemed to be radiating off him as she tightened her arms around his stomach. The Celt kicked Veras straight into a gallop, tearing out of the stable and the yard, scattering grooms and caretakers alike. Cassia also thought she saw the purple cloak of one of the Senator's men, but she was not sure; they had moved so quickly and it was soon forgotten in the exhilaration of the ride. Racing up into the hills around the mountain felt like a dream to the pair on horseback. Felix, for fear of her safety, had never really let Cassia get anywhere near the speed that Milo had pushed Veras to. It was not that he was forcing the beast to do anything, it was more like he was letting him run as he wanted. The whole time Cassia could feel every breath, hear each beat of Milo's heart through his back, where she had pressed the side of her face . She tightened her grip around his stomach every so often, and she could feel him chuckle in response. Sometimes, when Veras slowed down enough, he would free a hand and place it on top of her joined ones. Cassia thought it must have been a very long time since he felt this much like a Celt, a true Celt. He had said he had felt so the night before, but it must be nothing compared to this ride. She could not imagine what his life must have been like for all those years, to have a piece of your life cut off, a piece that you yearned for. Then to suddenly have that freedom again, to feel whole. The noble girl understood a small piece of that. Her year in Rome, she was always longing to be away, and then her return to Pompeii, her home, where she felt safe. This ride must have been freedom itself for one such as him. Cassia knew, then, that this ride was never about just spending time with her. She knew that it was about getting away from everything else, of the possibility of freedom. All of a sudden, Milo pulled Veras to a stop at the top of a hill. While Cassia admired the view of her beloved Pompeii from this vantage point, she could not help but feel something was wrong with him. A tension in his shoulders that had not been there during the ride. She could hear the sense of regret in the sigh he gave as he stared out over her city and then looking out along the trail they had been following. \"What is wrong?\" She asked after a few minutes of sitting in silence. \"It does not matter if I belong to you now, if they catch you up here with me.\" Milo's voice trailed off as he contemplated what would happen to both of them. \"I will tell them it was my choice.\" Cassia wrapped her right arm around his chest, laying her hand over his heart. He twisted in the saddle so they were facing each other. Once again, it seemed to Cassia that Milo's eyes were speaking to her. You would do that for me? Their faces were so close that their noses were touching. She could feel his warm breath on her face, and Cassia wanted nothing more than to finally know what his lips would feel like on her own. There was the briefest moment of lips brushing together, but Veras shifted at that moment, having become restless so close to the mountain. Jostling the couple in such a way as to knock their foreheads together. They each reeled back, or in Milo's case, forward, and clutched at their foreheads, groaning. Then Cassia started to laugh. It was real, side-splitting laughter, the kind that eventually devolves into silent shaking, interspersed with deep gasps for breath. She leaned her head on Milo's back, and tried to tighten her grip around his middle, as he started to laugh along with her. The horse must have been startled by their noise or spooked by the mountain, because he started shifting again, but more agitated, with quick, jerking movements. It unsteadied the laughing pair, and they fell to the ground. Cassia had let out a short, startled shout as she fell, but after a moment, she started laughing again. She had landed on top of Milo's back, effectively knocking the wind out of him, causing him to groan, which Cassia thought extremely funny. \"If this is my reward for making sure you don't get hurt, then I don't think I will like being your bodyguard.\" He grumbled, sitting up, dislodging Cassia and sending her into another fit of giggles as she rolled onto the grass. She could see on his face that Milo was not really upset, that he was trying not to laugh too, which just made her laugh harder. He let a smile through his irritated façade, and shifted closer to Cassia, putting an arm around her shoulders to support her. \"I do not think I have laughed like that since I was a child, playing with Ariadne in the garden.\" She admitted as her laughter finally died down. Cassia leaned her head against his shoulder, settling herself into him, and gazing at the panorama that was her wonderful home. \"I can't remember if I have ever laughed like that.\" Milo spoke quietly, but Cassia could hear the sadness seep back into his voice. The last vestiges of her laughter left as she recalled why she had wanted to talk to him that morning. She also remembered something that Corvus had mentioned to her while she was in Rome. \"Senator Corvus is the man who ordered your family killed.\" It was said as a statement of fact, and she felt him stiffen beside her. His fingers, which had been making small circles on her arm, ceased their movement. \"In Rome, he is called 'The Hero of the Celtic Rebellion.' That is how he won his seat on the Senate.\" Milo shifted away from her, his arm dropping from her shoulders, and cleared his throat. \"They attacked our village in the night, killed everyone I loved, burned everything I knew. He slaughtered my mother and then ordered his second to execute the rest of my people. I lay on the ground pretending to be dead, I had been knocked over by his horse and my mother had told me to stay down. They piled all the bodies together, including me, except for my father and the elders. The Romans hung their corpses by their ankles from a tree, along with all our weapons.\" He took a deep breath and continued. \"I can still see them in my dreams, still hear the ring of metal, as the swords and axes knocked against each other in the wind.\" Cassia sat up and looked at Milo, and saw his tortured expression, his gaze on a point somewhere above the horizon. \"You did not have to tell me this, I did not ask. I thank you for telling me.\" She lifted a hand to his face, applying a gentle pressure to turn it towards her. Cassia closed her eyes and leaned her forehead against his. She took a deep breath. \"So, in return, I will tell you of my grievances with Senator Corvus. They do not run so deep as yours, but they were enough for me.\" Cassia told him all that she had told her mother and Ariadne of what the Senator had said and done in Rome and even there in Pompeii. \"Now, I have even more of a reason to hate him.\" Milo pulled her into an embrace, wrapped his arms around her shoulders and her knees, which she had pulled to her chest, and tucked her head under his chin. After a moment she spoke again. \"In a strange way, though, I am grateful to that man.\" Milo pulled her away to look into her eyes, his gaze questioning, almost accusing. \"What?\" The noble girl shook her head slightly at the accusation now clear in his voice. She grasped his hand from her shoulder, and, bringing it up to her face, leaned into his palm. \"If not for his schemes for power and prestige, we would never have met. You would never have become a gladiator, who would one day be taken to Pompeii, and I would not have left Rome so early. I would never have seen that dark, brooding slave on the road, who had the kindness and strength to save that poor beast from a life of misery and pain. I would not have fo-\" Milo cut her off, not wanting to hear her speak of never meeting him. He had decided to occupy her mouth with something other than words, something that they had both been waiting for. Hope you liked it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know:) I'm really sorry to say this, but I'm not going to be writing as much for the next couple weeks. I'm studying for a career licensing exam, so the next chapter is going to take much longer to get up. I'm really sorry, but career does take precedence...[Chapter 3] A/N: I am so so so sorry for how long this took to put up. I have just been so stressed about hearing back from the state about the results of my licensing exam (which I won't get for another couple weeks, ridiculous right?) I just have been in no real mood to write anything down...TT-TT Now onto the chapter you will be reading now. It is almost exactly the fantastic arena scene, with a few subtle changes, because both Cassia and Milo are different from their strict movie selves. I hope you enjoy reading this chapter! I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us. Edited: 1/31/18 Chapter III: Is My World Ending? Cassia had actually seen a purple cloak on their way out. It had been Proculus. He had sent a search party from the garrison for her, as well as a note to Senator Corvus. The Senator, on hearing the report on how the noble girl and the slave were found, had threatened to kill Milo. Cassia had been able to persuade Senator Corvus to spare his life, but there was a punishment for 'kidnapping' her. Milo had been taken back by Graecus. He was once more to become the gladiator, The Celt, and fight in the arena, the very fate that she thought him saved. \"What was I thinking, Ariadne?\" Cassia asked, having divulged the whole tale onto her handmaiden. \"That he made you feel alive.\" She replied, making the final adjustments to Cassia's hair piece. The noble girl shook her head. \"He made me feel safe. A man like that does not deserve to die in the arena.\" She blinked a few times to clear away the beginnings of tears. Now was not the time to cry. \"There is nothing to be done now, he has caught the Senator's wrath.\" Ariadne, finished with her work, laid a hand on Cassia's shoulder to try and comfort her friend. \"Yes,\" she turned to face Ariadne, who saw determination in her eye, \"and now the Senator has caught my wrath.\" She stood up and walked determinedly out of her chambers. The sun beat down on the arena as Cassia and her parents made their way inside. Her father was pulled aside by Graecus, and Cassia nearly gave in to the impulse to slap the slaver. Aurelia took the opportunity to try and comfort her daughter, knowing how much the games were going to upset her, especially now that Milo would be fighting in them. Unfortunately, their conversation was cut short as the Senator was waiting for them in the Governor's box. \"Senator Corvus?\" Aurelia spoke his name in confusion, but was completely ignored by the man in question. \"Lady Cassia!\" He held out a hand for her and she stepped out in front of her mother. \"Come and sit next to me, offer me the benefit of your wisdom.\" She accepted his hand and sat, barely concealing her rage when he continued to hold her hand. \"Do you enjoy the sports?\" He asked leaning in towards her. She ripped her hand out of his, and adjusted her skirt before looking at the Senator and replying. \"Men killing each other for our amusement is not a sport. I thought my position clear when I rescued Milo from that fate.\" Then she turned away to watch the chariot racers in their last few laps of the opening event, so she did not see the ire that rose in the Senator's eyes at her calling the slave by name. Her father finally arrived, kissing her mother on the head as he passed, he smiled at Cassia. As he turned away, however, she could see the frustrated expression on his face. All her attention was soon drawn to the arena floor, the chariots were gone and men were being brought out. The one in the lead was Milo. He stopped in his stride as he caught sight of her, and her heart started racing, but he was shoved forward by that awful trainer. The gladiators were brought to the center, and shackled to the pillar that had been set up for the event. Milo's eyes had barely left hers the entire time, and she was on the edge of her seat. \"For those of us about to die, we salute you!\" When all the gladiators shouted the words and saluted, Milo just continued to stare straight at her, unwavering. He seemed to be mouthing something to her. ' I promise, I will not die. ' He repeated it a few times until he saw Cassia nod, with a small smile, showing she understood. Anxiety gripped her, and stole her smile away, as the chorus announced what the games were in honor of. Cassia did not pay them much attention, until they mentioned 'The Celtic Rebellion.' Senator Corvus also sat up at that and looked at her father. Severus spoke of it as the Senator's finest hour. Cassia closed her eyes and shook with disgust at her father's simpering to the monster, and at the thought of Milo's family being murdered before his eyes. She watched the Senator get up and announce the start of the games, but then her sole focus was on Milo. He glanced at her one last time, before he turned to the large, dark-skinned man next to him and then up at the pillar he was shackled to. The noble girl watched her one-time bodyguard assess his situation as more men marched out of the tunnel and took up position across from him. They were gladiators dressed as roman legionaries with one man on a horse carrying Rome's eagle, obviously he was supposed to be Corvus. It was to be seven against twenty-five, and the 'legionaries' were better armed and armored. Cassia could barely stand it, she watched the 'Romans' move quickly forward and heft their spears. She breathed a small sigh of relief as Milo shouted for his men to put up their shields, and he was unharmed. Even from her seat she could clearly the determination on his face, as he readied himself for the charge. She winced as the two groups made impact, and two men were sent flying. She lost sight of Milo for a moment, but then she heard him shout, and the 'legion' was pushed back. He was in the thick of the fighting, and Cassia still could not help but feel worried for his life, even though she could see that he was extremely good. The Senator stepped up to the rail for a better view and Cassia followed him. \"Is this what you call sport?\" She demanded, briefly taking her eyes off the fight to glare at Corvus. Her gaze was dragged back after a moment, her worry and anxiety for Milo being much stronger than her rage at the Senator. \"No, Lady Cassia, this is not sport.\" He never took his eyes off the battling men. \"This is politics.\" He walked back to his seat after another moment, but Cassia remained standing, transfixed by the scene of carnage before her. She saw Milo start to climb the rocks, shouting for the other gladiators to follow him. She walked backwards to her seat, never taking her eyes away as she watched him climb to the highest rock, the other gladiators following suit. Cassia stared as Milo jumped to avenge a fallen comrade, and flinched as he landed in a roll and was nearly stabbed. He came up swinging, going straight for the one who had killed his ally, slitting his throat. More of the 'Romans' climbed up – Milo was never fighting less than three enemies at once, but he was still winning. She heard the Senator say something about this not being how he remembered it. Cassia could not care less how the Senator remembered his massacre of the Celts. All she wanted, in that moment at least, was for Milo to make it out of this fight alive. Soon, he and the tall barbarian were the only 'Celts' left, Milo was still fighting well. He was dispatching his assailants with quick and efficient blows, but she was on the edge of her seat nonetheless. Her eyes tracking his every movement, flinching at every barely dodged blow. \"What exactly is that slave to you?\" The Senator asked, looking between the noble girl next to him and the gladiator out on the field. \"Everything you are not, and more, Senator.\" Cassia did not even glance his way as she answered, she continued to watch the only man she ever cared about fight for his life. She gasped and muttered Milo's name under her breath as she flinched at another close dodge. \"Then you should be pleased to learn your father has granted me your hand in marriage.\" Cassia whipped her head around at mention of the word 'marriage'. \"What?!\" She heard the outrage and shock in her mother's tone. Her father blustered, claiming he had made no such arrangement with the Senator. Corvus ignored them and went on. \"Because he knows if he does not, I will inform Titus that your father has called into question our new Emperor's ability to rule. Titus will have your entire family hung from the city walls.\" Cassia needed a moment to let all of that sink in. She looked down at her feet, but Corvus had one last thing to say. \"And if your slave somehow survives this, he will meet the same fate as you and your family.\" It was like the wind had been knocked out of Cassia, she was finding it hard to breathe. However, a moment later they were all distracted by the barbarian gladiator. He shouted for Milo, as he struck at the pillar, which appeared to be plaster molded around reeds. The Celt seemed to catch on and started acting as guard while the other man repeatedly struck the pillar with his axe. It collapsed under its own weight, crushing a few 'legionaries'. The man on horseback was still riding around the edge of the field though, and Cassia knew Milo would never miss an opportunity to ride. He grabbed one of the many spears lodged into the rocks, and chucked it, with deadly precision, killing and throwing the man off the horse. The Celt leapt to the ground, landing in a roll and ran for the horse. He mounted while it was still running, and he was a sight to behold. She knew she would never tire of watching him ride. He rode the horse around the edge of the arena, and pulling the chain that had shackled him taut, used it to knock over his remaining enemies. It was a brilliant plan, until one of them decided to pull the chain back, yanking Milo off the horse, and knocking the wind out of him. She lost sight of him then, the rocks and the Senator blocking her view, but she heard the crowd cheer as the tall barbarian threw his battle axe. \"If I were to marry you,\" Cassia started, Corvus raised a brow. Aurelia spoke her name in warning, but she silenced her mother with a gesture, wishing to speak. \" If I marry you,\" she paused, suppressing a shudder at the thought. \"Is my family spared?\" She stared, unwavering, at Corvus, not one to ever back down. She almost looked away when she saw, out of the corner of her eye, Milo fighting the last of his opponents. Senator Corvus sat down, leering at her. \"Your family, will become my family. Under the protection of the emperor, and all the benefits that entails.\" She nodded slowly, hating herself for making this decision, but hating Corvus all the more for forcing her into it. \"Senator?!\" Proculus called for his commander's attention. Cassia could hear the crowd chanting 'Pompeii', and then she saw Milo. He was standing on top of the rocks again, and in his hand he held the Roman eagle standard. \"I do not yield to the power of Rome! I spit on it!\" The crowd continued to chant as he raised the standard and held it horizontally in his hands. \"He would not dare.\" The Senator spoke, never taking his eyes off the slave. Milo then brought the standard down across his leg, snapping it in half. He chucked the eagle to the ground and threw the remaining half like a spear, straight at the Senator. Unfortunately, Proculus acted quickly, swiping it out of the air with his sword. Corvus shot forward to stand next to Proculus and demanded he get a detachment into the arena. Cassia and Milo locked gazes for the first time since the games started, relief and anxiety washed through her under his gaze. She was so glad that he had survived, but she knew that Corvus had something cruel in mind. Both of their gazes were pulled away by the arriving detachment of real Roman legionaries. A line of men armed with bows formed up in front of Milo and his friend. The Senator stood and raised a closed fist, and the archers readied to fire. Milo's eyes found hers again, and she could hear the crowd shouting 'Nay!' Cassia was not going to sit by and let Corvus execute him. She ran forward and thrust her thumb up. The crowd cheered, following her example, and the archers stood down, but the only reaction she cared about was Milo's. He took a heavy breath, and a smile fluttered across his face, before the reality of what she had done for him sunk in. Especially as the Senator bodily grabbed hold of her. \"What do you think you are doing?!\" Corvus hissed at her. Aurelia stood to defend her daughter, but was threatened back into her seat by the Senator. \"If you kill him now, on the tip of a hundred Roman arrows, you make him a martyr to the mob. Is that what you want? To take home to your emperor a revolution?\" The Senator seemed to consider this, looking around the amphitheater at the people of Pompeii still cheering for the slave who had broken the Eagle standard and openly flouted Rome. She continued her argument. \"And if you reverse this decision, how will it be spoken of in Rome? They will whisper it behind your back, that you have a wife who does no obey your will. Can your reputation bear such a weakness? I may become your wife, but you will never break me.\" \"But I will break you. And you will stay broken, to stand, sit or crawl as I decree. Do you understand me?\" Corvus shook her with each sentence, his rage at her defiance nearly bursting him at the seams. Cassia just glared back at him, never showing any fear, she did not want to give him the satisfaction. He took a deep breath and called to Proculus to summon his guard to take her back to the villa, and she was unceremoniously shoved at the Lieutenant. He then shoved her at one of his guards. Cassia wrestled with her captor, struggling to get away, telling him to let her go. Mad thoughts of dashing out onto the field entered her head, to be with her gladiator, to be safe in his arms even if it was just for a moment. Proculus's guard was manhandling her, throwing an arm around her middle and dragging her. She glanced back into the arena, back at Milo. He looked ready to leap to her rescue. She dreaded – and hoped at the same as only someone in love could – that he would actually try. Thankfully – and regretfully – his friend grabbed hold of his arm just as Milo took a step forward, shaking his head and pointing. There were still a large number of Roman soldiers with spears and arrows aimed at him. Cassia shook her head as well, her eyes filling with tears as she ceased her struggles. She knew that he would try to rescue her, Roman legion be damned, and she did not want him to die then, not for her sake. Cassia lost sight of Milo as the tremors started, the guard continuing to drag her away. No doubt he wanted to get out of the amphitheater as soon as possible, lest it fall on his head. She could still hear Corvus and his posturing. If she had to give one thing to the Senator, it was that he knew how to manipulate any situation to his advantage. Cassia and her captor were joined by more of Proculus's men as they walked out of the arena, at least half a dozen soldiers, not including her initial captor, now surrounded her. \"Come on, girl, don't just stand there.\" The first guard tugged on her arm rather roughly, pulling her forward. Girl?! The indignation was clear on her face, as they dragged her on, rage etched into every feature. Then she realized there was no Milo to go berserk – and be killed – if she resisted. No longer any reason to go along with them meekly. They had managed to get her down the street before Cassia dug her heels into the ground. \"I am not some slave or servant girl! I am not just some merchant's daughter! I am the daughter of the governor of Pompeii! And even if I am disgusted by the very idea of it, I am going to be married to the Senator! You will not refer to me as 'girl', nor will you manhandle me in this manner!\" She ripped her arm out of his grasp – sorely tempted to give him a good kick in the shins – and turned, running back into the amphitheater. Back to Milo. Cassia only managed a few steps before she was seized by two of the other guards, who dragged her backwards – kicking and screaming – along the road. By the time they reached the villa, Cassia had resigned herself and was only being dragged forward by her arm again, but giving a tug every now and then. As soon as Ariadne saw how they were treating her, she ran forward, begging them to let Cassia go, calling her name. The soldiers just shoved her out of the way, knocking her to the ground. \"Leave her alone!\" Cassia shouted. Her indignant cries in defense of her friend were cut short, however, as she was thrown into the storeroom. She stumbled and fell over a table, much to the soldiers' laughter as they locked her in. She landed, rather ungracefully, face first, almost all her jewelry fell off and she was covered in dirt. She slammed her fists into the ground as the sound of the lock clicking. As the guards' laughter reached her ears, she felt tears of frustration leaking from the corners of her eyes. The Pompeiian girl wiped her eyes and stood up, starting to look for another way out of the storeroom. Cassia looked in every nook and cranny of the large room over the half hour, but all she found was vegetables, and grains, and more vegetables. She was about to scream in frustration when the earth, once again, started to shake beneath her. She heard the guards and Ariadne shouting outside, the horses panicking as the rumbling grew louder. Running to the door in a vain hope that the quake might have broken the lock, Cassia tried the door again. \"Cassia! They took the key!\" Ariadne shouted from the other side, causing her friend's heart to sink. Cassia's heart sunk even further when she heard and saw the crack spreading along the wall next to her. She heard Ariadne scream, and made to hide under the table she had fallen over before, but she did not quite make it when the roof, which had caught fire somehow, fell, nearly crushing her. She crawled out, but the smoke and dust choked her and she collapsed. Hope you like it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know :)[Chapter 4] A/N: After two long years, I have finally finished chapter four! All I shall say up here is that I am so sorry it took this long! I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us (and then killed off...) Edited: 1/31/18 Chapter IV: A Chance at Hope Cassia was only vaguely aware of her surroundings. She kept slipping in and out of consciousness. The smoke and fire was bad enough, but her head felt like it was splitting in two. She barely heard the door crash open, but she did feel when someone turned her over and lifted her into their arms. The arms felt strong, safe, and familiar. She wanted to curl into their embrace, but all she could do was cough. There was slight jostling as whoever was carrying her walked swiftly away from all the smoke, dodging bits of masonry as well. The noble girl felt herself being laid down gently. She could just barely open her eyes now, no more stinging smoke. She saw two of the only people she truly cared for in the world. Ariadne, her oldest and closest friend, and Milo, the man she knew she was falling in love with. Her heart swelled at the sight of them and she managed a weak smile. Cassia tried to speak, to thank them for not abandoning her, but she ended up having a coughing fit. She had to shut her eyes briefly against the pain in her throat and head. \"She needs water.\" Milo told Ariadne, and soon the woman was out of Cassia's sight. He leaned over her now, ever so gently stroking up and down her face, his other hand supporting his weight on whatever he had laid her on. His touch was so gentle and caring, full of a reverence Cassia knew that she did not deserve. Yet, she had feared she would never feel it again when he had been taken back to the arena. Cassia leaned into his caress, turning her head just enough to kiss his palm. He looked startled but glad, and she was happy to still see the man from that morning in his face. Had it really only been that morning? It felt like a lifetime ago that Milo had taken her on a ride into the hills around the mountain. He leaned back suddenly, taking his hand from her face and resting it on her raised knee. She was confused until she heard footsteps. Cassia was not sure if it was because he wanted to give her space to drink or if he was nervous about being seen to show affection. \"Here, Cassia, drink this.\" Ariadne knelt next to her and held a ladle to her lips. The water was the best the noble girl had ever tasted in her life. She coughed up some ash after the first sip, and Ariadne poured her more water. Cassia turned to look at her, never had she been so thankful for the woman she considered her sister. \"Thank you, Sis.\" She coughed a little more. \"I don't know what I would do without you.\" She smiled, but coughed again. Milo looked pleadingly at Ariadne, who nodded in understanding and went to fetch more water. Immediately he was leaning over her again, once more stroking her cheek with that reverence. She could smell and taste the blood that soaked his bracer, could see the cut on his arm still slowly oozing. She lifted a hand to it, gently touching the skin just below the wound. Milo took her hand and kissed her palm, holding it to his face, closing his eyes at the comfort for just a moment. He let go to brush her hair back from her face, but Cassia kept her hand in place. \"You came back for me.\" She stated, almost questioningly, her breathing still labored. \"Of course I did.\" He looked a little upset and confused. \"Why would I not?\" \"You could have been killed in the arena.\" He looked offended at that. \"Or perished in the earthquake.\" He made a face that told her he knew she had a point. \"Or you could have escaped in the confusion and had your freedom.\" His eyes widened in shock and he opened his mouth to say something, but then the ground started to rumble. He looked up to where Ariadne was by the fountain. \"Run!\" He shouted at the hand maiden, assisting Cassia to her feet as she tried to run for her best friend. Ariadne heeded Milo's command and was sprinting toward them. Milo put an arm around Cassia's midriff to stop her from running towards the falling cliff face. Ariadne was just a step ahead of the falling rock and masonry. Cassia saw the shock and fear on her best friend's face as the stone she stepped on fell beneath her. She was merely an arm's length away, and Cassia reached out to her. Their arms were just too short. Her fingers brushed Ariadne's. Hope blossomed and then swiftly died as they lost contact. There was a blur of movement from the corner of her eye, and Cassia's heart leapt as Milo let go of her and grabbed Ariadne's arm. Both women screamed as Milo dropped down from the weight of Ariadne. \"Hold on to my arm with both hands! As tight as you can!\" He shouted over the crashing of the rocks hitting water. \"I'm pulling you up!\" Then he turned his head to the side to shout at Cassia to wrap her arms around his middle and pull him back. \"I'm slipping!\" Ariadne screamed, yelping as her hand slipped down Milo's blood-slicked bracer. He grunted as he braced his feet and heaved. Cassia pulled him backwards, feeling like she was barely doing anything. She had her eyes closed and could not see what was happening, but then Milo gave one last heave and they all fell in a heap. Relief did not last long as the ground just beneath them started to shake. They scrambled backwards as the last piece of ground fell away into the sea. Milo stood first, and assisted both women. Ariadne pulled them both into a tight embrace, which Cassia immediately returned, and Milo much more cautiously. Ariadne was sobbing, unable to speak, but the gratitude in her eyes was clear. The noble girl started to thank him for saving her friend, but her cut her off. \"Thanks can wait, Cassia.\" He pulled back and cupped her face, wiping away tears she did not even remember shedding. \"Right now we need to get to the harbor.\" He took her hand and pulled her through the crumbling courtyard. Ariadne quickly following behind and grabbing Cassia's other hand. The trio made it back into the city proper and were running down the street when the mountain exploded once more. Rocks started hurtling from the sky, citizens running for cover were struck down, and one nearly hit Ariadne. Cassia quickly pulled her out of the way. Her friend stumbled but looked at Cassia with gratitude, even as Milo dragged them to the nearest doorway. Furiously pulling at an immovable door handle, Milo cursed under his breath and started trying to kick the door open. It must have been barred, for it did not budge, just rattled, even with Milo's full weight thrown at it. Giving up, he huddled Cassia close to his chest and watched fire and stone rain death upon the city. Cassia could hear roof tiles shattering and she prayed that the small bit of roof above their heads would hold. She squeezed Ariadne's hand for comfort, reassuring herself that her best friend was still there. \"Is this the end of the world?\" The question was out before Cassia even realized she had opened her mouth. Milo kissed the top of her head, and held her tighter, quietly shaking his own. Perhaps he was thinking that if he remained silent, the mountain would not know where they were hiding. \"Why would the gods let this happen?\" She lifted her head from his chest to look him in the face as she asked this. Milo appeared thoughtful for a moment, gazing out at the destruction almost as if he was not seeing it. \"To give us a chance.\" A tender expression came over his face as he said this. It made Cassia's insides turn to hot jelly. He leaned down, as if to kiss her, the noble closed her eyes and tilted her head. \"Look, its stopping!\" Ariadne cried, clearly not having noticed the change in mood. Cassia might have been upset, if the sun had not come out just at that moment. It illuminated the scene of catastrophe and destruction. It was startling, and somehow beautiful. Rays of golden light coming out from the clouds looking almost divine. Milo stepped forward, still holding onto her, appearing to be equally awed. There was a look on his face that Cassia could not even begin to describe. I6t was almost a softening of his whole being. She could see other people peeking out from doorways down the street, and Cassia felt hope swell in her breast as she looked on what used to be her home. It did not last long however, as the sky, once more, became choked with ash, hiding the sun's rays. There was another small quake and large flaming rocks crashed down from the mountain. It was almost as if the gods were toying with them – giving them a glimmer of hope, only to take it away. One landed behind the trio, startling them out of their reverie. Milo instantly started pulling both women along behind him, running as fast as the debris filled street would allow him. It was a strange experience for Cassia, for here and there were the littered remains of buildings and statues that she had known all her life. She could almost see, overlaying the destruction, a vision of what the city had been merely an hour before. A place of life and joy, celebrating the Feast of Vinalia. The noble girl felt something wet on her cheeks, but did not have a hand free to discover if they were tears she shed for the memory of her beloved home. \"Milo!\" The deep shout barely registered to Cassia, but when Milo let go of her hand she looked up in a panic. \"Atticus, it is good to see you my friend!\" The Celt embraced the tall, dark man with great joy, which made Cassia's heart go out to the man. To be considered a friend by Milo was no easy task. \"You as well, and I see you managed to find your lady after all. I am glad for you.\" Atticus clapped Milo on the back, a broad smile on his face. \"Yes, but now is not the time for talk. We must get to the harbor.\" Milo stepped back, and started to run past his friend, but Atticus grabbed hold of his arm. \"The harbor is gone. We need to find another way to escape this cloud of death.\" \"The Sarnus gate,\" Cassia said suddenly. \"The road follows the river and heads northeast, that should get us out of the path of the mountain's ire.\" \"How would you know that, my lady?\" Atticus asks, skepticism in his voice. \"Because the winds at this time of year usually blow to the south and a little eastward. That's why I think we should be relatively safe, if we can get out of the city fast enough.\" \"We'll never make it, not if we're going on foot!\" Ariadne finally spoke up, sounding terrified and defeated. \"We'll need horses, and I know where we can get them.\" Milo said, pointing to the arena, down the mostly clear thoroughfare that lead to their freedom. \"I hope you are right, my lady, because if you are not-\" \"We're going to die either way if we just keep standing here, let's go!\" Cassia shouted as she started to drag Milo along. He looked shocked, but proud at the same time; Atticus just looked incredibly impressed. She did not think she would be sad at seeing the destruction of the arena, having hated the damned thing her whole life, but Cassia felt a deep sense of melancholy at the sight. One more piece of her home destroyed forever. They made it halfway across the broken field when she caught sight of the remains of the Governor's box. And the two bodies that were half-buried under the ash and rubble. Her father and mother. She moved towards them, wishing to just see them one last time, but Milo's hand was on her shoulder, turning her to face away from her parent's corpses. The other two kept walking, letting the couple have their moment. \"It is thanks to your mother that I found you at all.\" He said it almost off-handedly, looking past her. \"We can all go pay our respects once we've got the horses, but we must prioritize our escape from the mountain's wrath.\" \"You are right, of course. But it does sadden me, to see them lying there uncared for.\" She tried a different tactic than outright begging. Allowing her emotions to reign her for just a moment, she let tears roll down her cheeks. \"I could go alone, and you and the others can fetch the horses?\" \"We will have time to mourn them, once we all have fetched and saddled the horses. I'm not letting you out of my sight, Cassia. Never again.\" He reached up to wipe the tears from her face, and leant his forehead on hers. He closed his eyes, and she could see every line of worry and regret on his face. \"Neither shall I let you out of mine, dear Milo.\" She put both her hands on his face and pulled back slightly to kiss his brow. Taking his hand from her face, she tugged him along to catch the others who had gone down below the arena. \"Atticus?\" Milo called out when the others were not immediately visible. Large hands covered both their mouths. Cassia almost screamed, but Atticus drew them both back against him, whispering for them to be silent. It was then she noticed the sounds of voices and clanging further down the hall. \"Get the chariot for the Senator!\" A loud voice rang down the halls. \"That bastard is still alive?\" Cassia did not like the tone of Milo's voice as he said this. He almost sounded excited, and there was a fire in his eyes. It scared her, seeing this part of Milo, she knew that so much of his life had been governed by violence. He wanted vengeance for his people, for that life of violence that he was forced into. The noble girl called his name to try and get his attention, but it was like he was in a different world from the rest of them. Eventually she put a hand to his chin, gently turning his face towards her. He looked almost startled to see her, then shame briefly crossed his face. \"Milo, I know there is nothing you want more in this life, than to kill that man and avenge your people. I would love nothing more than to help you.\" The words came easier than she thought they would, committing to killing a man. \"But escaping this city has to be our priority, you said so yourself only moments ago.\" The Celt looked conflicted. His life and the lives of the only people he's cared about since his family was killed, or vengeance on the man who had massacred his family. \"I can't make any promises not to attack him, Cassia, especially if he gets in the way of our escape. But, I promise that I will do everything in my power to make sure you, and the others, are safely away if it comes to that.\" He put his hands on her shoulders. Cassia stepped forward, letting her own hand slip to his chest. \"No, you-\" \"I would stay and fight alongside you, my friend, whilst the women escape to safety.\" Atticus cut off Cassia's outburst. \"Would it not be for the best, Cassia?\" Ariadne, her best friend who had almost fallen to her death already this day, pleads with her. Cassia almost relented, knowing that her friends were just worrying for her safety. But it felt too much like giving up to her. So she hardened her gaze and turned to look Milo in the eye. \"If you think I'm going to run and leave you behind, when you would not do the same for me, then you are a fool, Milo.\" He opened his mouth to protest, but he must have seen the look in her eye because he stopped. He closed his mouth, and one corner lifted in a half-smile, an impressed look crossing his face. She smiled back, but their moment was interrupted by more shouts from the Roman soldiers, and the whinnying of horses in distress. \"They have no idea how to properly treat horses.\" Milo muttered under his breath as they all turned toward the noise and started running. They reached the entrance just as the last of the Roman soldiers walked out onto the field, and they sidled quietly to the sides of the entryway. Cassia saw Milo survey the scene and nod his head, like he had come up with a plan. \"You two,\" he pointed at herself and Ariadne, \"will run straight for the horses and start undoing the harnesses. Atticus and I will distract the soldiers. Do not stop what you are doing, no matter what you hear, do you understand me?\" She nodded reluctantly. \"But you must promise me you will not do anything foolish. Do not go after the Senator unless he's coming for one of us and you have no other choice.\" He made a face and opened his mouth to protest, but she cut him off. \"Promise me this now, and I will promise to do as you ask.\" He looked torn, once again, but Cassia was determined not to give in. He finally nodded, after a long moment of staring into each other's eyes. \"I promise you, Cassia.\" She smiled up at him. Milo's returning smile was a little strained, but she chose to ignore that. He turned to Atticus, nodded and got ready to run out. She caught his shoulder just as he was about to spring, dragging him toward her for a heated kiss. His arm automatically came up around her waist, to haul her in closer. Cassia pulled away and stared into his eyes. \"Good luck, and don't you dare die.\" So this is where I shall attempt to explain myself... As I said in that annoying author's note, I got very busy at work, and when I got home all I would wanna do was vegitate and not do anything actually productive. I would have fits and starts with this chapter (and creativity in general), but I would always get stuck and I wasn't really sure how I wanted the scene to proceed. But now I have made a decision and the stuff I was stuck on has been moved to the next chapter, so I could get this up ;) Hope you like it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know :)[Chapter 5] A/N: It has finally been done. The fifth chapter in this three and a half year long saga of me writing this piece of fanfiction... However, this is not the end! It is demanding an epilogue, which will hopefully only take me a couple weeks to write and edit. It's going to be significantly shorter than the rest. Anyway, let us get on to the chapter. The title is pretty self-explanatory. EVERYBODY LIVES! Everybody we like, at any rate. I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us (and then killed off...) Edited: 1/31/18 Chapter V: The Escape Milo and Atticus charged out from the portico, shouting and drawing as much attention to themselves as they could. Milo ducked under a thrust from a lance, grabbing onto it with his left hand as he ran. Pulling, the Celt dragged the legionary forward into a right hook across his face. Atticus, much more agile than a man of his size should be, dodged around and swept the feet out from the two legionaries attacking him. He snagged one sword – tossing the other to Milo, who caught it one-handed – and a shield for himself. Both former gladiators stood with their new weapons for a moment, before charging at the remaining three legionaries. Cassia watched on, terrified, but determined to do her part. When all the Senator's men were distracted by the two gladiators, she pulled on Ariadne's arm. They too sprinted across the broken field, heading straight for the four horses hitched to the chariot. One of the legionaries at least had the forethought to tie them down to stop them from bolting in fear. Cassia nearly barreled into the first horse in her haste, but she immediately set to undoing the harness. She wanted to turn and watch how Milo and Atticus were faring, but she knew that would only increase her terror. Her fear and haste were already making her hands shake, and she was having trouble with the fastenings. If she had dared, she might have noticed that the Senator and his second were not amongst the fighters. \"As soon as he is unfastened, get on the horse and go, Ariadne!\" Cassia hissed to her friend. \"I am not leaving without you, Cassia!\" she protested. \"You've barely ridden a horse in your life, let alone bareback. You'll need the head start.\" She glanced up at Ariadne and softened her voice. \"Don't worry, Sis. We'll catch up to you before long.\" She undid the last knot and came around the horse, directing her friend to get on. Ariadne had tears streaming down her face, making trails in the ash and dust, but she gripped the horse's bridle tightly. Cassia felt tears on her own face, but slapped the horse anyway sending it galloping out of the stadium. The moment the horse was past her, she caught sight of Senator Corvus and his lieutenant, Proculus, coming at her from behind the chariot. \"Milo!\" She managed to turn and shriek before an arm came around her waist, trapping her arms, and a hand wrapped around her throat. Cassia struggled, trying to elbow her captor in the stomach, or step on their feet. She screamed again, though it came out as a choking gasp as whoever held her simply tightened their hold on her neck. \"Be still!\" She smelled Senator Corvus's foul breath as he hissed into her ear. Blackness started to come in at the edge of her vision, and the noble girl tried to grasp at the hand at her neck, only for her hands to scrabble uselessly at her own collar bone. Even through the haze, she could see Milo as he ran towards them. The mix of rage and terror on his face was an astounding sight to behold as he saw the man he despised holding the woman he loved – at least she hoped. Corvus shouted for Proculus, who ran to intercept the Celt, sword drawn. The lieutenant was bodily tackled to the ground by Atticus before he could reach his target. The sword flew out of his hand and slid as it landed to fall into one of the crags. The two men struggled in the dirt, grappling, but Cassia could no longer see them. \"Stay back, Celt!\" The senator's grip tightened again, and Milo stumbled to a stop. Cassia's mouth opened and closed in a feeble attempt to breathe. \"Let her go!\" She could barely hear Milo over the roaring in her ears, but the desperation was clear. Her world had narrowed to two pinpricks of light, Cassia could no longer control her hands and they fell limply to her sides. \"You're killing her!\" The senator dropped her to the ground and Cassia could finally take in a gasping breath of air as she lay in the dirt. She coughed, holding a hand to her throat, knowing livid bruises would be there tomorrow. If she lived to see tomorrow… She could see Atticus and Proculus were truly fighting now. The lieutenant had picked up one of the legionaries' swords, but Atticus had lost his shield. The ring of swords clashing filled the arena; Proculus attacking relentlessly and Atticus standing as a steadfast barrier. A foot came down on her back, pushing out what little breath she had regained. Her arms and legs flailed, trying to lift herself up, but Corvus's heel just pressed harder. She would have struggled more, if only she could breathe! \"Cassia!\" She shifted her head enough to watch Milo make an abortive step towards her, stopping when Corvus held his sword to her throat. \"I would prefer to keep her alive, Slave. She is the sole reason I came to this traitorous, backwater of a city. However,\" he ground his heel further into her spine, causing Cassia to cry out, \"I will not hesitate to kill her, if that is what it takes to come out of this with my life. I doubt that you are willing to do the same.\" She could hear the malevolent smile in Corvus's voice. \"If she dies, then there will be nothing stopping me from killing you. Even if I should die in the attempt, I am taking you with me.\" Oh, how Cassia wished he would take the opportunity to run, and save himself! But she knew Milo would not abandon her, had already proven that twice over. But she looked up at him, and begged him with her eyes to just leave and live to fight another day. Their eyes locked, and his said so much—too much for her to comprehend all of it in that moment. She could see that he would come to truly love her, given time; that was enough. Closing her eyes, the noble girl came to a decision. Upon opening them, she mouthed three words to Milo. Keep your promise. He was confused for a moment, but his expression cleared and took a determined edge. Cassia smiled. He had understood. Taking a step, he was halted again when Cassia felt the sharp pain of the sword dig into her throat, a trickle of blood rolling down her neck. She watched Milo calculate if he could reach them before the Senator slit her throat. Their attention was suddenly drawn by a loud crash. Atticus and Proculus had crashed into a wheel of the chariot, smashing it to pieces under their combined force and rendering the chariot useless. The horses whinnied and bucked against there restraints at the commotion. The darker man came back up with splinters lodged in his arms and legs, some quite large, but none life threatening. Proculus had fewer lodged in his person, however, a large piece had pierced him in the gap between chest plate and right shoulder guard. That arm was now hanging limp and unable to even grip a sword. Cassia saw no more of that fight, as Milo had taken advantage of the distraction to tackle the Senator off her. She rolled over and took a deep, wheezing breath, coughing, but never more grateful for a lungful of air. As soon as she could manage, the noble girl pushed herself to stand and made her way back to the horses. Glancing back at Milo and Corvus she froze, wincing with every blow that her Celt barely dodged. He was already worn out from his day of fighting and running, and the Senator had been a decent soldier in his time. \"Move, Cassia! Get going!\" Milo shouted at her, startling her from her reverie. She could not keep watching, she had to keep moving to the horses. Cassia turned and ran. Atticus must have seen her, for he re-directed his attacks on Proculus to drive him away from the chariot. The lieutenant was struggling to raise his sword to block the larger man's strikes, blood was pouring down his right-side, and he appeared to be swaying on his feet. Reaching the horses, Cassia quickly started to undo the harness of the nearest, her fingers fumbling even more than before. Nearly finished she left the last two fastenings tied, to keep the horse from bolting. Starting on the second horse, she heard a man cry out in agony, only to be cut off. She turned swiftly to look for Milo, fearing the worst, but only saw Atticus running towards her. He threw down his sword, pulling the worst of the splinters out as he reached her. \"He did not die the equal of a gladiator.\" He said, getting to work on the third horse. She wanted to scream at him to go help Milo, but knew, even as she thought it, that Milo would have demanded Atticus help her. That it was his fight, his vengeance that needed to be dealt. The large man worked much quicker than she did, and had the last horse out of its harness and wheeling it to face the gate. \"Come, get up on the horse!\" He shouted over the roar of crashing debris from the mountain. Cassia looked up from the last buckle to see him holding his hand out to her. \"No, you go! Please! Ariadne is going to need help controlling her horse and I'm not strong enough to do it!\" \"I cannot, my lady! Milo would never forgive me if I left you. Nor could I forgive myself. Now, please?\" \"No! It's my fight almost as much as it is his, and I will see it through! I cannot abandon him now!\" He must have seen there was no persuading her otherwise, for he nodded. \"Thank you. Now, there is a stream the feeds the river that runs out of a cave spring, Ariadne knows where it is. It should provide enough shelter from the mountain's wrath. Go!\" She shouted at him to get moving. He nodded again, and reluctantly mounted the horse. Cassia turned her attention to the two remaining fighters. They had circled around, and were closer to the back of the chariot now. Corvus swung his sword in a wide, diagonal arc for Milo's neck, but the Celt caught the other man's wrist in time. The Senator, pulled a dagger out of its sheath at his waist and made a swipe for his throat. Milo blocked it with his sword, but it was his injured arm, and Corvus bore down on him. Cassia could not watch, and turned away. A glint of metal caught her gaze and she looked down into the belly of the chariot. There was a pair of manacles bolted to the floor. Of course! It was used by gladiators who could not be allowed such freedom otherwise. An idea struck her. \"Milo!\" She shouted to get his attention as she dove for the chains. They made eye contact for a brief moment of understanding. With a shout, he shoved the dagger away from his throat, twisting the blades in such a way to disarm the Senator at the same time. The dagger flew up into the air, and Milo shoved him back, catching the blade. Corvus swung wildly, enraged, Milo's sword meeting his with a ring of steel as the Celt drove the dagger blade up through the Senator's wrist. Pulling his blades free as the older man cried out in pain, but – to his credit – not dropping his sword. He switched hands and tried to attack, but Milo shoved him back, straight into the chariot and Cassia's waiting shackle. She quickly clamped it around the Senator's uninjured wrist, moving out of his reach as he cursed and swung his sword at her. Milo kicked the sword away, and pointed his own at Corvus's throat, stilling all attempts at movement. \"Who are you to do this to me!? I am Senator Quintus Attius Corvus!\" Than man in question shouted incredulously, spittle flying and mixing with the black ash raining down. \"And what is that worth, Senator Quintus Attius Corvus?\" The senator looked almost puzzled by the question, having never doubted that his status was worthy above all save the emperor. Cassia came to stand at his side, clutching to him. \"You killed my family, slaughtered my people, threatened the life of the only person I have cared about since,\" He paused and they looked up as the mountain exploded again. \"And make no mistake, my gods are coming for you.\" A smug smile lit his face, as they both looked back down at the once lofty man. Killing him on the point of a sword would be a merciful death compared the fiery hell that was coming for him. The mountain would take him, as it took so many others that day. Cassia hoped it would be agonizing. They turned away, Milo clutching Cassia's hand tightly as they sprinted around to the horses. He helped her up to one and mounted the other. Twisting back, he cut the last restraints and they both kicked their horses into motion. The ride out of the city was short, but harrowing. They were riding chariot horses, bareback, through streets strewn with rubble, as burning debris rained down from the mountain, nearly killing each of them at least three times. So much of the city was destroyed, that they had to backtrack to the west to find a clear street to reach the main thoroughfare. They finally made it to the Sarnus gate, and the road was relatively clear in front of them, everyone having gone south or to the harbor, trying to get as far from mountain as possible. Milo and Cassia kicked their horses into a gallop as they hit the road, Cassia in the lead. The black ash was making it difficult to see where the road was, but the further they got from the city, the less ash was falling. They passed the first stream, where Milo had called out to her, but she had kept going, saying it was the next one. Hope started to rise in her chest, that the worst was over. That the city would survive, and she would be able to go back and help rebuild her home. That's when they heard the mountain crack, as it exploded above them. The horses reared in fear, nearly throwing Cassia, but she maintained her grip on its mane. They got the horses running again, but looked up to their left to see a cloud of fiery death roll down the mountain. \"How much further, Cassia?!\" Milo shouted over the roar of the wind, and fire and pounding hooves. \"Not far at all! Look! There's the stream!\" She pointed to the left of the road, where there was a small gully that lead back to a cave. Standing at the entrance were Atticus and Ariadne, shouting and waving for them. Leaping off the horses, the duo sent them on down the road; they would be faster on their own and would not be able to navigate the gully fast enough. Milo grabbed Cassia's hand as they sprinted along the stream, half-pulling her along as she fumbled, and what remained of her dress got caught in brambles. \"Hurry!\" They could hear Atticus shouting, as he looked past them at the cloud of death fast approaching. He held a hand out for Cassia as they reach the lip up into the cave, Milo heaving her up it. She ran straight to Ariadne, throwing her arms around her foster sister. \"I feared I would never see you again, Sis.\" Cassia hugged her tighter. \"I had almost given up hope on you two getting out in time.\" Ariadne squeezed her back. They turned on hearing both men grunting with effort. The former gladiators were pushing a large boulder in front of the cave mouth. There were a couple feet of space between it and the cave wall, and it was wide enough to cover the small open space. Milo had braced his back against the stone and a foot against the wall, while Atticus was shoving against it with his shoulder. The girls ran to help, offering their own, meager strength to the endeavor. Cassia and Ariadne mirrored Milo's position, putting both of their feet to the wall, and shoving with every ounce of strength left in their bodies. With a final cry of effort, the boulder rolled to cover the entrance and they were plunged into near total darkness. There was a small gap on the far side of the rock that let in some light and air. It could also let in the burning ash, so they huddled behind the boulder for safety. Milo pulled Cassia against his chest – into his lap – and rested his head on top of hers. His left arm hugged the noble girl tightly into his chest, and it was the same as when they were taking shelter in the doorway. Pressing his lips against her forehead, and then burying his nose into her hair. He had bent his right leg for Cassia to lean back against, and to support his own arm as he and Atticus clasped each other's wrists. Cassia immediately felt safer with his arms around her. Her head rested just above his heart, and it was oddly comforting to hear his pounding just as hard as hers. With her right hand, she clutched at the collar of Milo's cuirass, and with the other she reached under his arm and held onto both of Ariadne's. Her legs were tangled up with the other girl's, reminding her of times when they were younger and would sleep in the same bed during bad storms to ward off the fear. Atticus had put an arm over Ariadne – her head resting against his bicep – so his hand was on Milo's shoulder. He had both his legs bent to fit in the small space, with Ariadne practically in his lap. His grip on Milo's shoulder and wrist was almost white-knuckled in his desperation to keep them all safe. Ariadne clutched to Cassia's hand with all that she had, her eyes squeezed shut and her lips moving in silent prayer to all the gods. She prayed for them to make it out safely, and whole. All four of them held their breath, and each other, as they waited for the cloud of fiery death to pass over them. They all heard the roar, and felt the temperature rise, as a stream of ash blew through the gap. It did not seem as if it flowed over the cave, but near enough to be dangerous. The four of them remained seated, waiting for the roar to die down and the hope of safety to emerge. Cassia shifted to press her forehead against Milo's neck, her fingers moving to run along his necklace, and the skin there. He stiffened for a moment at the contact, but then relaxed into her touch. She felt him shiver as she brushed her thumb over his collarbone, and he tightened his grip on her side. His head tilted, and Cassia felt Milo's lips on her own neck, just behind her ear, and she shivered in turn. After a quarter hour, Cassia sat up and started to speak, but Milo put a finger to her lips. Again, she felt like he thought the mountain would not find them if they stayed quiet. She brushed his hand away. \"I think it missed us.\" Cassia sat up straighter in his lap, a gleam of hope in her eyes. Hope you like it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know :)[Chapter 6] A/N: First off, I want to thank everyone who read this, and had stuck with it over the long years of hiatus. I especially want to thank all my guest readers who have left such wonderful reviews, some of which seriously motivated me to pick this back up and finally finish it. I wish I could thank each of you personally, as I like to do, but I cannot directly reply to guest reviews TT-TT (I Lied. It's almost the same length...and it took four to five weeks... Then is sat, unedited for almost a week... But hey, it was less than a year, so I'll take it ;P) Without further ado (besides the disclaimer), I give the final installment in A Change in Fate. I do not own the movie Pompeii or any of its rights. I am merely taking artistic liberty with the characters the writers so lovingly supplied to us (and then killed off...) Epilogue: Freedom Atticus, Milo, Cassia and Ariadne stumbled into the outskirts of the city of Nuceria late the next morning. It had been a hard walk, slogging through the ash accumulating on the ground, and trying not to breathe in what was still falling from the sky. It was getting easier as they got further away from the mountain, until at last Cassia dared to look up. She got Milo's attention by latching onto his un-injured arm, and told him to look up as well. He saw stars through gaps in the ash cloud, and it was one of the most beautiful sights he had seen. Second only to the moment he caught Cassia's eye across the crowded room the night before. The town had clearly been hit by the initial earthquake, but the damage was not too severe. All the buildings were still standing, though the streets were littered with roof tiles, broken pottery, and a layer of volcanic ash. People were sweeping the debris and shoring up cracked walls, at first sight just going about their work. Upon a closer look, they would all glance nervously over at the mountain in the distance, where a plume of ash and smoke and fire still rose. \"Did you make it here from nearer the mountain?\" A voice called out from their right. Milo turned to see a kindly-looking woman standing in the doorway of what appeared to be an inn. \"Yes, from Pompeii, Mistress Lucilla.\" Cassia responded. \"I stayed here on my way back from Rome, not two days ago. I'm the Governor's daughter…\" Cassia trailed off, and then her eyes went wide with shock. Milo, recognizing the look from having gone through the same trauma, pulled her against him as her knees started to give out. Holding her upright with an arm around her shoulders. She barely seemed to notice him, except to put a hand on his chest. \"We've walked all through the night.\" Ariadne stepped up, covering for Cassia's near collapse. Milo was grateful, he was not very good at talking to people. A lifetime in the arena did not allow for learning any social graces. \"Would you allow us to rest and recuperate in your inn?\" \"Yes, of course! Excuse my poor manners, my Lady Cassia.\" She bowed to the noble, and got the barest of nods in response. \"I barely recognized you under all the soot and ash.\" She looked at the two men warily, even the ash was incapable of hiding what they were. Gladiators. Slaves. Milo tightened his grip on Cassia, ready to fight anyone who tried to separate the two of them. \"These are my lady's new bodyguards. She had been concerned about her safety after an incident on the road.\" Ariadne said, clearly having noticed the stare. \"Oh, you all look done in. Come, come! Sit, rest and I'll have food and drink brought to you.\" She stepped back and waved her arms to direct them inside. The woman bustled, getting her servants to right chairs and wipe ash off the tables faster. \"Just some water, for me.\" Atticus asked, and moved to a clean table. \"All I want is this ash out of my mouth, and a chance to sit, if you please.\" The woman gestured to the chair. The large man sighed in relief as he sat down and stretched his long legs out to the side. The woman bowed to Cassia once more, and walked to a door at the back of the room. Cassia, for her part, just stood with a blank expression, Milo still supporting her. He tilted her face, trying to get her to look at him, but her eyes remained unfocused, staring straight past him. He did not know what to do. His family had been killed, slaughtered by Senator Corvus and his men, but Milo had been able to focus on his anger, his thirst for revenge. Cassia's parents, her whole city, had been destroyed by a mountain. Something which could not be avenged so easily as killing a man. Ariadne spoke up when the woman returned with water for the four of them. \"Is there a room available? I think my lady would like to clean up and lie down.\" She walked up to the couple, laying a hand on Cassia's shoulder. It took all Milo had to not pull her away and further into his arms. He did not want to let go of Cassia, whose hand was once again wound around his necklace. The noble girl finally moved, lifting her head to look in Ariadne's eyes. The other girl's expression softened, and she dropped her hand. \"My servants just started cleaning and fixing the vacant rooms, but one of them is done. I can have hot water and clean towels brought to you. Our storeroom was almost entirely untouched by the quake.\" She beamed at this, perhaps proud that it had stayed upright, Milo did not know. After snapping her fingers at one of the servants, who scurried off, Mistress Lucilla showed Cassia, Milo and Ariadne through another side door. She led them down a short, neatly decorated, open hallway. Or it would have been neat, if it were not coated in ash and shards of broken pottery swept hastily to the side. On the way, Cassia had started bearing more of her own weight, until her arm around him seemed more for comfort than support. \"Here we are. The bed is through there,\" she gestured to the left. \"And the bathing chamber is through here.\" She walked to the right, gesturing towards a shallow recess into the floor, lined with marble. A servant was pouring a bucket of streaming water into the pool. Clean towels were laid on a bench, and Milo led Cassia to sit down there. Ariadne quickly knelt to remove her lady's sandals, and, having soaked a cloth in the warm water, started to clean her feet. \"I'll leave you to bathe, my lady.\" Mistress Lucilla bowed and left the room, her servant following behind her. Milo knelt next to Ariadne to look up into Cassia's face. She had lost her vacant stare, which heartened him, but there were new tear tracks on her grime covered cheeks. He looked at the other girl, pleadingly. \"I'll just go inquire about fresh clothes.\" Ariadne excused herself, handing the cloth to Milo. He took it, and wiped at Cassia's face, erasing the ash, grime and salt from her tears. Her lip started to tremble, and she shut her eyes, more tears rolling down to her chin. \"Hey, hey. Look at me.\" Milo's hands came up to cup her cheeks, thumbs brushing absently. Cassia blinked rapidly, making brief eye contact before looking to the ceiling, the window, anywhere but him. He shifted a hand to the back of her head, sitting up higher so their faces were level. \"Look only at me.\" Her eyes met his, and they both stared at the other for one intense moment, then he pulled her into a passionate kiss. It felt even better than the first time, which was tinged with the fear of discovery, and uncertainty in what they were doing. There was no uncertainty in either of them now. They each knew they were nothing without the other. That they would do anything to see each other safe, and whole. Pulling apart, Milo leant his forehead on hers, staring into her green-gold eyes as peace suffused him for the first time since childhood. \"Milo, I-\" There was a low rumble in the distance. A small tremor rolled through the city, and everything rattled, but nothing fell in the room; anything that might have, had done so the previous day. Cassia's eyes widened briefly in terror, but it stopped after only a moment. \"Cassia! Are you alright?\" Ariadne rushed into the room, some fabric thrown over her arm. The creaking crash of timber and a distressed whinny made them turn their heads in its direction, followed by more sounds of horses crying out. \"Something must have fallen in the stables.\" Milo spoke, half to himself, as the horses continued to cry in panic. He looked to Cassia, torn between staying near her, and wanting to help the horses. \"Go,\" she said, \"I'll be better knowing you are doing something you were born to do.\" A small smile teased at the corner of her mouth. \"I'll get Atticus to wait outside the door, just in case you need anything.\" Relief washed through her eyes at Milo's words and then washed over him at seeing it in her face. Kissing her forehead as he stood, Milo turned and strode out of the room, back down the hall. He patted Atticus on the shoulder when he reached the main room. \"I would appreciate it if you would look after the girls, my friend. I'm going to see if I can help these idiots with their horses.\" The large man nodded and stood. \"I am honored, Milo, that you would leave the lady Cassia in my care.\" He looked down at the Celt, a wry grin on his face and Milo had to resist the urge to punch him. Turning, he walked out the front door and followed the sounds of horses to the stable yard. The odd thing was, one of the horses sounded familiar, but it could not have been. The villa had been completely destroyed, and the stables along with it. He picked up his pace and entered the stable yard at a trot. Through the open stable door, Milo saw a large dappled grey stallion pulling at his leads. Two stable hands were trying to keep him from rearing and hurting himself on the fallen joist. \"Veras!\" Milo shouted with joy. He trotted up and pulled a lead from the nearest hand. \"I know this horse, leave him to me and see to the others.\" He shooed them away, pulling the stallion out into the yard where there was more room and he was less likely to hurt himself on fallen timber. Averting his eyes, Milo raised a hand and gently pulled the lead closer. Veras snorted and stamped a bit, but he stopped pulling against the rope. Slowly, they moved closer together until Veras pushed his nose into Milo's open palm. He looked into the horse's eye, and rubbed its nose fondly, a smile breaking out on his face. He snagged one of the passing grooms by the arm. \"Go and tell my fellow bodyguard, Atticus, to bring the Lady Cassia here, when she is ready. There's no rush.\" The boy nodded and ran off. \"And to tell her, there is something to make her happy.\" He shouted after him. Milo's expression softened at the thought of Cassia's happiness restored, even a little. Sometime later, as Milo brushed Veras down in his stall, he heard the sweetest voice call out his name in question. He turned to see Atticus looming over the two girls, Cassia at the front looking around curious, but wary. She was clean, and in a fresh dress, though it was less fine than he was used to seeing her in. \"Milo?\" She called again. He put down the brush and walked out of the stall. Her head turned at the movement, and their eyes locked. It was every bit as heady as the moment their eyes had met on the night of the Vinalia feast. Instead of the shy, bashful glances through her eyelashes, Cassia's eyes shone, and a smile lit up her whole face. \"You said there was something happy?\" Milo felt a smile pull at the corner of his own mouth. \"My Lady.\" He gave her a mocking bow, but as he rose he gestured for her to look into the stall. With a curious expression she walked over, and came to stand in front of the stallion there. \"Veras!\" She cried and ran to embrace the horse. \"How ever did he end up here?\" She looked back at Milo. He walked closer, placing a hand on her low back and the other on the stallion's neck. \"According to the grooms, he showed up this morning, covered in ash, fully saddled, but riderless.\" Ariadne and Atticus had walked up on hearing the noble girl's gleeful cry. \"Now that I think on it, I did see one of the legionaries get on a horse during the second quake yesterday.\" \"This horse has more luck than all of us combined.\" Atticus rumbled around a laugh. Cassia leaned back against Milo, and he wrapped his arm around her. \"Well,\" she said, and her smile made his skin tingle. \"I shall take it as a sign that Fate is with us.\" A/N: IT'S DONE! IT'S FINALLY DONE! Really, really, completely, done and I never have to work on this ever again! You know, until I feel like editing it... Again... I tried to finish before the new year, alas, I forget how demanding my family is over the holidays. After that, I had lost the muse and couldn't remember where I wanted to take it. But now, I am satisfied. Hope you liked it! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between? Let me know:) ","Summary":" A/N: So I haven't uploaded anything in a long time, but I believe I am finally getting back into th"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"The visions of gods","Author":"D'AngelineHeroine13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10203126","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pompeii Prologue Mars looked down from his perch on a cloud as the scene unfolded in Pompeii. He reveled in the feeling of chaos that the volcano caused. The battle in the arena had whetted his appetite but the volcano was a whole new game. He could feel the panic and the fear in all those humans down there. He was nearly rolling along the frothiness of the cloud as he let the waves of frightened emotions roll over him; he loved it. As Mars giggled out his enjoyment in the clouds, a flash of light caught his eye. He looked toward the stars. There, in the sky, Milo and Cassia's future was written clearly. Their time wasn't finished yet. They would be the only ones to outrun the lava. Mars shrugged carelessly and looked back toward the events of Pompeii. A future of love meant nothing to him. But that senator, Corvus...he created much chaos! Mars grinned and decided that he couldn't help himself. He whisked himself down to the ground as the senator fought the teeming crowds in the streets. Mars went unnoticed as he glided through the air to whisper in Corvus' ear. \"You must go back!\" Mars laughed heartily. \"Go back to the arena. For something special!\" The senator fought the mobs back and rushed back to arena, driven by some gut instinct. Mars watched the senator and his forces. Glee pounded through his body. He glanced to the sky and watched as the stars changed, and the senator delayed Milo and Cassia's journey. He smiled with satisfaction. While he could feel the madness on earth tingling on his skin, he could feel the anger of the other gods wash completely through him like the tidal wave that washed through the city. He knew they were displeased with the interruption but he couldn't get enough of the pounding wave of their anger. It coursed and rolled through him, and he loved it. As he watched Milo fight Corvus, Mars decided he quite liked the senator. He was a force to be reckoned with, a force that caused the chaos Mars so enjoyed, and Corvus was a man who didn't care who he hurt or what the ramifications were so long as he got what he was looking for. Oh, yes. Mars enjoyed the senator's efforts very much! He laughed maniacally as the senator came sauntering down the steps toward Cassia after his battle with the slave was over. Mars was quite enjoying the look in the senator's eyes as he gazed upon his prize! There was movement to the side. Milo! The slave had leaped back into action! Mars was disappointed. His fun was going to come to an end! He watched as Milo chained the senator to the broken chariot. Watched them jump onto the horse and watched the lava flow toward the senator. With no thought to the anger of the others, Mars blew a wind upon the senator's body as Corvus screamed in fright of the lava slithering toward him. The senator instantly went into a deep sleep; instead of burning and destroying the senator, the lava encased his body. More anger. Mars could feel it, like a building orgasm waiting for release. He was in trouble and knew he needed to hide before he was punished, even as the happiness of the fight sailed through him. Seeing what Mars had done, the other gods grew angry. More than angry; they were livid! Milo and Cassia had had great futures ahead of them that should have led to even more worship for the gods, which would give them more strength, and it was taken away by a few simple words. But Mars had created a great idea. To rectify what he had done, Apollo and Victoria dropped down from the cosmos and landed near the entwined forms of Milo and Cassia. Wind escaped from their mouths, whisking between and around the two humans, causing them to sleep. Still standing. Still embracing. Still kissing. The lava soon flowed over their bodies; it hardened and turned to stone and ash around them.[Chapter 2] Ch1 Present day Declan was floored. After weeks of tireless digging, he'd pulled out a perfectly preserved statue from the edge of Pompeii just like the one brought to the museum yesterday from the heart of the city. Both statues had been covered by lava when the volcano had erupted. That much was obvious. But how had not one, but two, statues survived the destruction in their entirety? Declan was giddy and lightheaded with the discoveries. He brought the second statue to his patrons at the Museo della Civilta Romana, who of course, wanted them in pristine condition as soon as worked on the second statue in the lab; his team was split between this statue and the first. They were working all the built up ash and pumice from the stone. \"You must all be very careful,\" he told them suddenly, momentarily halting their work. \"This may not be stone,\" he continued, as he pushed a gloved finger through some loose ash. \"There's something much softer in here.\" He was whispering in astonishment now, bending down to look closer at the hole his finger created. He pushed his light brown hair out of his eyes then, carefully, he took a small scalpel to the hole. Just as it hit something solid inside, one of the students on the projects, Thomas, leaned over to look with Declan. Thomas was a more than competent student who was normally light on his feet. Today, however, he leaned a little too close and lost his footing; only momentarily, but it was enough to nudge Declan's arm and the scalpel in about an inch deeper. Thomas winced and gritted his teeth at his seemingly simple mistake. He knew the real severity of what he had done, even if it did seem like a small matter. Declan gasped. He'd felt the scalpel slide effortlessly inside whatever material was behind the dirt and rock. Slowly, trying not to do anymore damage, he pulled the bloody tool from the inside of the statue. 'Wait. Bloody?!' Then his mind began to whirl, as he stared at the tool in his hand, spinning ideas like a tornado. \"Everyone!\" he yelled excitedly. Having been on Declan's team for quite some time now they were trained to realize the tone of his voice. The team of archeological students came to a complete and silent standstill immediately. \"Do you remember the intact mammoth that was found not too long ago? The one that was so perfectly preserved in ice that it still had blood sitting in it?\" Declan paused dramatically. \"I think we've found a similar occurance here, that was somehow caused by the lava!\" He held up the scalpel, a trickle of blood flowing down the handle for them all to see. \"I think we have intact, ancient people encased in lava! I want you all to work carefully,\" he glanced scathingly at Thomas, who looked beyond remorse. \"And quickly. We need to free the specimens as soon as possible to find out what has caused to blood to still look so fresh.\" Declan finished dispensing his orders and got back to work with an eagerness he hadn't felt in ten years. The team set to work in shifts so the two 'statues' could be worked on around the clock. Thomas volunteered for the night shifts, glad that he was lucky enough to still be on the project.[Chapter 3] Ch 2 All Cassia felt was fear. Even with Milo's lips finally on hers, the fear enveloped her. Knowing the lava was close, she couldn't shake the fear, even as she reveled in Milo's embrace. The dread might be running rampant in her veins, but she was still glad that at least she was with him. At least she would always be with him. The last thing she felt was heat coming toward her, so close, and Milo's lips. Then suddenly, sharp pain in her right hip. 'Pain?' She opened her eyes and gasped as she began to breathe hard. It felt like her lungs hadn't been used in ages. Her vision was muddled and she could barely make out the light from the lava around her. The ashes were in her eyes. She couldn't hear well; there was only the pulsing beat of blood in her ears. 'Where was Milo? He was just in my arms!' She tried to reach out for him, but her arms felt weighted and they barely moved at her side. Was she lying down? She couldn't think; her arms were not only lifeless and heavy, but they were empty. Milo was nowhere near her. Only two days after their discovery, Declan and his entire team was assembled in the lab around three different bodies on three different tables. They were all worn thin, driven only by the energy of their enthusiasm. Somehow, there had been no leaks to the scientific community and they were still the only ones who knew of the specimens. They had barely slept, but there were many tests to be done now. Declan, for one, wanted to find the wound he and Thomas had made in the female's leg. The wound that was hidden by the clothes that had survived the heat as well. Ridiculous as it seemed. The weapons and jewelry from the bodies had already been removed and brought to another room for cleaning or where getting all of the papers, beakers, test tubes, needles and other tools ready and laid out on wheeled trays. Thomas was carrying a tray of blood testing tubes toward the female body when it's arms twitched. He paused in mid-step, then continued on, chalking it up to a trick of the light. Then the body opened it's eyes and gasped. The tray of tubes fell to the floor and Thomas couldn't bring his body to move beyond his mouth opening, and a strangled gurgle escaped from his throat and trickled between his lips as he saw her chest heaving in great lungfuls of air. The noise of the glass shattering brought all attention to Thomas as he seemed to stare at one of the corpses and stop breathing, himself. The six other reasearchers and Declan moved toward him, only to follow Thomas' lead and stop in horror as not only the female body, but the bodies of the two men as well, began to breathe and tried to sit up sluggishly.[Chapter 4] AN: I read that the language in ancient Pompeii was Latin, not Italian so hopefully I'm in line with Milo, Cassia and Corvus not knowing what the archeologists are saying at first. AN2: Thank you so much to the whole four or so people who have favorited, reviewed, etc. It's awesome to hear from you guys even if it's just a click of the button at the bottom of your screen! You are all fantastic and even though I didn't get to send each of you a pm to say thanks, just know that you're the only reason I made the time to update when I did! Cassia's vision and hearing suddenly cleared. She looked down, taking stock of her body. She wiggled her toes, flexed her feet, and continued to move all the way up her body to be sure everything worked properly. When she was satisfied that she would be able to run again, should the need arise, she cautiously sat up and looked around. The first thing she saw and heard a strangely dressed man who screamed and dropped something on the floor. It didn't matter that he and suddenly many other people were screaming though, because her gaze had continued to travel to...' Milo!' She leapt off the table, almost falling as it rolled under her shifting weight, and rushed into his arms. Somehow they'd made it. She didn't understand it, but the volcano, the lava...everything was gone and they were safe together. Milo wasted no time in wrapping his arms around her body as he breathed her in. Unfortunately the embrace didn't last long. They were pulled apart by a man speaking excitedly to them in a language they didn't know. The man, still with one hand on each of their shoulders, looked up and began talking to the others in the room. Whatever he said had a calming effect after only a few minutes but he gave Milo and Cassia no time to even say a word to each other. He gestured to a man who promptly left, letting both of them know who was in charge of all these people. The leader made more gestures, obviously asking them to sit back down on the tables they had been lying on. Cassia glanced at Milo and he nodded. \"Until we know what is going on the best thing to do is as they ask.\" Milo put his arm around Cassia and led her to the table she had been lying on. There was nowhere else to sit anyway. \"We'll figure this out together,\" he said after they had sat. \"Perhaps they can tell us how we survived the volcano.\" Corvus awoke to the acute awareness of his weapons being gone. He sat up, feeling completely drained of energy, and the sound of screaming made him feel nauseous. If only they would shut their mouths! Then maybe he could open his eyes and find a way out of this before... His eyes snapped open. He wasn't in the streets anymore. There was no fiery, heated death coming his way. Only screaming people and...Cassia. Rage filled his body when she flung herself into the arms of that slave. She had a Senator right at her fingertips and still chose a lowly, filthy slave! Every instinct in him wanted to squelch the man in front of him. But without weapons, well, he wanted better odds before picking up the battle again. He needed to find out where he was and how he could use it to get rid of the man and sway Cassia. The screaming had finally stopped so he could wait. He sat quietly, patiently while a man ordered the others about and led Cassia and the slave to a table just like the one he sat on. He missed nothing. He noticed the people in white clothes, still filled with fear, but beginning to pick up items from the floor with shaking hands. He took in each and every face, took in their movements and knew only one of them was a fighter. He knew the dimensions of the room and how long it would take him to get to any of the doors. Every detail was in his mind within seconds. It didn't take long for the man who had left to come back in the room with a new woman. She didn't wear the same clothes as the others. The clothes were odd but he could see that they were perfectly tailored to her body. In most circumstances he would have taken special care to let his gaze roam over her - even at her age - but during this new situation, the fact that she had a very nice body was just one more fact to add to all the other confusing information he was picking up. Now it was just a dim knowledge and he didn't even quirk an eyebrow when she came in. \"I'm telling you,\" Declan said excitedly. These people were encased in pumice in Pompeii. They were perfectly preserved and after it was all removed.. They. Woke. Up .\" Maria, a beautiful forty-ish year old woman, just looked back at him, clearly unbelieving, with her arms crossed over her chest and raised her eyebrows. She said nothing. Exasperated, Declan huffed and swung his arm around the room, gesturing at all the other archeologists and said, \"Just ask them. They're still scared out of their minds!\" He grabbed one of the students' arms, and pulled her to himself as if she weren't a living being at all. \"Look at her, Maria. She's shaking after what she's seen!\" Then he pointed at the three people who lived over 1500 years ago in Pompeii. \"Better yet, ask them. It's why we asked you here anyway. You're the only person who speaks their language.\" Maria still didn't move. Although, she did feel bad for the student who was still in Declan's firm grip, completely forgotten. \"Fine,\" she gave in. \"I'll talk to them. But don't think for a second that I believe you. There is no way for this to be possible.\" Maria turned toward the lone man first ,who was on the left side of the lab, nearest the wall, whereas the couple were directly across from him on the right beside the bank of windows showcasing the hallway. \"My name is Maria. I spent a large part of my life studying the events of the volcano disaster in Pompeii. May we talk for a while?\" she asked him in Latin. She noticed all three of the supposed ancient people startle when she spoke in a language they understood. Maria spoke to Corvus, Milo and Cassia, who had all introduced themselves to her in their 'interviews' with her. She spent hours grilling them on every fact of ancient Pompeii she could think of, which were many, and she watched the surveillance video as they woke up. She hated to admit it, but she found herself almost believing their stories. They were even able to give her some extra insight into what life was really like, proving or disproving theories. They only problem she found that kept her from complete surety of them was that none of the three could tell them how they survived so long underground in the pumice without food, water... air. And it drove Maria crazy to hear them consistently tell her that if the people who brought them out had no idea, it had to be the gods. Which was just ridiculous. But the story they had told her about life before the volcano was epic. She couldn't imagine a perfected line to sell it. And to hear three so complete sides of the same story was incredible. Every fact matched up, the senator had even admitted to the more horrific things Milo and Cassia accused him of, with his own reasons of course. Maria was astounded that he seemed much more interested in finding out what had happened to them and was so compliant when she tried digging into his mind. Okay, who was she kidding? Maria completely believed them. She just found it hard to admit it to herself. Declan shook with sheer happiness in the enclosure of the of the small bathroom down the hall from the lab after the interviews. He couldn't believe the story those three had told. And he was going to be credited with finding the proverbial fountain of youth! He would help those three survivors find out what it was that saved them, preserved them, and he would spread it to the world. He would be famous. He would be rich. He would go down in history just like one of the pharoahs or Greek philosophers. He bent over the sink and splashed water over his face, his smile unwilling to fall.[Chapter 5] Ch 4 Two Weeks Later Getting to know and understand over one thousand years of progress was a daunting task. This didn't deter Corvus in anyway, though. He soaked up every detail -after all, he needed to learn everything he could to integrate into this new world. As soon as all the examinations, tests and secrecy were over he intended to take this new world by storm. He'd been a Senator before and swaying people to his side was an easy task for someone as charismatic as he. Political power was what he lived for and he could do it again. Especially now that he understood what a 'news source' was! Everyone in this vast world will know who he is and that would insure his triumph! Having Cassia with him would have been a great asset in that old time before 'the voyage' -as she called it- but Corvus had come to realize he didn't need her now. The fame he would receive would more than expedite his transition into a new governmental power structure. And marraige was not necessarily a coveted status symbol like it had been then. His sudden dismissal of her in his plans did nothing to quell the desire for revenge against the slave boy, however. Somehow Corvus would eliminate him for those past transgressions. What did it matter that they happened a millenia ago? For him it had been only fifteen days. If only those people could figure out how he got here, then he could find his place in this world! It infuriated him that they were so wrapped up in the science rather than just accepting that the gods wanted him saved from death by molten fire. It was the only possible conclusion. It made him even angrier that they just expected him to stay. Granted, he had signed on at first when he thought they would be able to tell him something he didn't know -truly, for such advanced people, they really were complete imbeciles- but after being so long trapped indoors, only seeing photographs of what the world is like now... Sighing heavily, Corvus sat in the cushiony chair his room provided, settled his new clothes around himself and revised his old plans to create something entirely new. If only these tests would soon end. Corvus pushed the fear racing through his chest away. He refused to look to closely at his feelings of coming so far from all the things and places he knew. He would take it all in stride and he would conquer. When Corvus awoke in the middle of the night, cramped in the chair he'd fallen asleep in, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was coming. That maybe it already had come. He stood and, after looking to the night sky, he walked slowly to his bed. He stretched and lay down across it, trying to find sleep again. He'd learned enough of their new Italian language to hold a very simple conversation and therefore resolved to speak to Maria and Declan in the morning about leaving this place. After all, they'd still have Cassia and whatever he'd leave of the slave to run their tests on once he was gone. He had only just fallen back into sleep when he heard a voice calling out to him. AN: So, it's been a while... I'm so sorry! I have zero excuses. All I know is that it was suddenly two months later than it was supposed to be. I've written and rewritten this chapter over and over again trying to get it perfect but I could never get it right. Trying to place the fear, confusion and other extreme emotions that would come with an unprecedented time jump into the future was not only something that I just could not seem to get on paper but was also something that I really just couldn't fathom. I wrote myself into a corner on that bit that I just couldn't push through. Finally I opted to push it farther into the story. I chose two weeks later because it would still be a time of fear and anxiety but with the strength of their characters I felt this would have given them ample time to at least begin to accept that this was their lives now. Acceptance was the hardest thing to write. How do you go from waking up, realizing you're in a new place with strange languages, customs...all that you've ever known is lost and everyone you've known is long gone from the planet? Maybe what I did was cheating but after so long I think I made the right move in pushing past that barrier. AN2: Also, I'll be much better at updating now. I have a few other chapters written (just need editing) so they won't be long in coming! Huzzah![Chapter 6] Ch 5(2) Corvus: Mars and Apollo were whispering inside his head; Corvus knew it was them. How he was sure, he couldn't discern, but they were there all the same. In his dream state Corvus couldn't tell who was who. Their words flowed and intertwined together so much that each sentence seemed to be a swirling mix of the two gods' thoughts and nothing they said to him made sense. He was certain that one of them was whispering lies to him but it was so far fused with the other's words that he lost bits and pieces. Were the gods on opposing sides, trying to shut the other out of his mind? Or were they working in tandem in Corvus' mind, trying to ignite a fire with their blended verse? \"Corvus,\" one demanded quietly. \"You must...,\" from the other. Or was it from the same? \"...listen. Don't listen.\" They were trying to drive him mad! 'What was the cause for bringing me here,' he wondered, 'if I'm only to be driven insane?' More jumbled words whisked seemingly throughout his entire being and Corvus' dream self crumbled under the pressure of them. \"Leave.\" \"...ask.\" \"The boy...\" \"The girl.\" \"...leave...\" \"Unmoving\" \"...death. Blood is...\" \"...blood. Too much blood.\" \"...leave...\" Then they were gone. Corvus jerked into awareness with a naeusiating quickness. His hair and face were slick with sweat. His naked torso was shining with it. He kicked the blanket away from his legs then lay, breathing heavily on his bed, until he could think through the memories of those voices. A short while later when he was calm and feeling himself again, the realization of their weakness hit him with full force. Their presence had seemed so tenuous, so fragile. They should have been thundering voices. He should have been able to see and touch their forms in his dreams but all he got was their thready voices. However, through it all it seemed that one bit of instruction had risen with a bit of strength. Leave. Suddenly, for reasons he wasn't sure he understood, Corvus was hit with determination. Not one thing could make him disobey in this. He would leave at the earliest opportunity. With a calmness that belied his fitful sleep, he redressed, pulled the sheet off his bed and packed all of the things the doctors and researchers had given him inside. He tied the sheet around the clothing, remade the bed so that the missing linen would go unnoticed, and stuffed his belongings under the bed. Then he walked out the door, bent on finally retrieving his weapons- even if he had to kill every last person in the area to get to them. AN1: Sorry for the shortness! T his chapter was originally MUCH longer, with another pov from Milo added in, but with my own powers of procrastination, I decided to hack it in two. I've also had to scrap a few things -a lot of things!- so this might be a bit slower in coming than I thought. AN2: I cannot tell you how sorry I am for all the delays. My husband's father lost all of his savings and his home is in a bad state so we've all packed up and moved (again) a state away to live with him and help with the bills, the badly needed renovations and to give him some space to be able to save his money back up. We also have yet to have the internet installed in the house (I may or may not be using my husband's work hot spot... Oops!) Needless to say, this has all really screwed with my internet time. But I am still here and I'm not going anywhere til this story is completed. I hope some of you are still out there, too. This is all for you, afterall! ","Summary":" Pompeii Prologue Mars looked down from his perch on a cloud as the scene unfolded in Pompeii. He re"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"2001: A Space Blunder","Author":"GGMK","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10821545","Passage":"[Chapter 1] About a bazillion years ago, somewhere on Earth, a bunch of primitive apes were searching for food in the desert. They were very hungry, and they needed to fill their bellies with nourishment. They had tried eating worms earlier, but that just didn't seem to fill them up. One of the apes was scratching on the ground, hoping to find some buried food. Some of the other members of the tribe stared at him, feeling sorry for him and his lack of common sense. It's a good thing they were smarterer than Bobby, which was his unofficial name. A female member of the tribe walked up to Bobby, and tapped him on the shoulder. He grunted, and looked up from his work, only to be slapped by the female. Earlier that day, Bobby had accidentally kissed her on the cheek. Afterwards, however, he had shoved her away, also accidentally. She had made the ugliest noises, so he had run off while covering his ears. Angered, the female had apparently followed him. A bunch of the primates gathered around, raising their fists in the air, hoping to see some blood. It would be very entertaining to see the female emasculate Bobby! Bobby tried to dash around her, but she tripped him up. He fell on the ground, and due to his terrible co-ordination, couldn't get up. Not that it mattered, because then the female sat on him. Bobby sobbed manly tears, but the female gave him a look of disgust, as if his tears were the opposite of manly. Before they could continue to do whatever they had previously been doing, a loud growl pierced the heated air. Bobby and the female embraced each other in fear, as if one was a cowardly human holding his equally cowardly dog. A leopard jumped out of the bushes. It was freaked out because another leopard had asked if it was possible to become a cheetah. The leopard all too soon realized that the bush he had been in contained poison ivy. Eyes wide, the leopard thought back to the lessons it had been taught by the leopard elders. \"Young ones, listen. Our gods have told us that the only way to cure a case of the itchy scratchies is to eat a primate,\" one of the white-furred elders yowled at the pack. One young leopard timidly raised a paw, like he had been taught. \"Yes, young one? What is it that you wish to say?\" The shy cub blinked innocently. \"What is a primate?\" The elders shook their heads in disbelief. One of them coughed up a hairball, and removed a large paper from the mess. Unfolding it, a hairy, bipedal beast could be seen. \"Never mind, I've seen those around, LOL!\" The cub purred. The elders sighed at these young whippersnappers. The leopard remembered what he had to do. Seeing some of the primates trying to climb trees was funny; he would show them how it was really done! Yowling like a demon, the leopard climbed five trees in the time it took one of those primates to get a foothold! Getting bored, the leopard grabbed some poor sap by his leg, and dashed off. The remaining apes all felt pleased that it hadn't been them, but Bobby felt some remorse; instead of helping, he had cowered in raw fear. Also, he had maaaaybe begun crying again, but he refused to believe it. Getting thirsty, Bobby ran to his favorite water hole. With nothing better to do, the rest of the tribe followed. Unfortunately, when they arrived, a rival gang was already there. They wore gold chains around their necks and arms! It was awful! Bobby whimpered, his way of telling the other gang to back off, or else! The leader of the rival gang turned towards Bobby and roared. Bobby stepped back, but his older brother moved in front of him. Bobby's eyes sparkled; his brother was his idol. Bobby's brother shoved his face into the rival leader's personal space. The leader bared his teeth, but the brother did as well. Bobby grinned; his brother was amazing, the best primate in the world! He'd beat up this lame-o, and get them their water hole back! The rival leader clubbed the brother on the head, killing him. Bobby was stunned. When the leader turned to face him, Bobby blacked out. When he awoke, he was in a cave. Sitting up, he heard a buzzing noise. He jumped up when a crash followed. Running outside, flanked by his fellow roommates, he saw a strange sight; a giant black machine had fallen from the clouds. Bobby feared that it leaked radiation, but everyone else was starting to crowd around. Trying to assert himself, in honor of his big bro, Bobby ran up the thing and touched it. Nothing really happened, and he soon lost interest. He fell asleep, not even bothering to move back in the cave. The next morning, Bobby felt different. Trying to grunt, it came out sounding like, \"I feel terrible.\" Bobby clamped his hands to his mouth, before whispering, \"What the heck?\" He now knew what words were, and it felt so good and exciting. He was a word virgin! His roommates all looked at him ignorantly, and he knew that he had to teach them the ways of talking and words and syllables. But first, he had to avenge his brother. Running to the water hole, he was enraged to see the guy who killed his bro spitting in the clear liquid. The leader smirked at Bobby, who yelled, \"Stop! Dude, that's gross!\" The leader stuck his tongue out, so Bobby pinched it. The leader cried like a female. \"You killed my brother. Prepare to die!\" Bobby yelled as he clocked the leader on the head with some random cactus he found lying around. The leader fell down like a rock. Bobby called to the sky, \"Brother, I hope you're watching! I went hardcore on this fool's head!\" His roommates peered at him curiously, not understanding his words of wisdom. In anger, Bobby flung his cactus into the air, thinking to himself that his new name should be Moonwatcher. The cactus fell back down and hit Moonwatcher on the head, knocking him out. But little did Moonwatcher know that he would be completely irrelevant for the rest of the fic! As the cactus mysteriously flew off, it transformed into a spaceship! Next Time : A doctor who is scared of space and air travel decides to travel to space for job reasons. And demons walk the Earth or something. Tune in! Author's Notes : The opening segment of 2001 was my least favorite part of the film, so I kinda zoomed through it. The rest of the film won't travel by so fast.[Chapter 2] Dr. Heywood R. Floyd was attempting to read some science-related papers that he had brought on his flight, but he couldn't concentrate. The truth was, he was feeling quite queasy. He had a dark secret that not a single soul knew about, which was that he had a fear of flying. Also, he got air sick very easily. He was currently onboard a small ship called the Orion III . Heywood had originally wondered what had befallen the first two Orion planes, but was too scared to ask. He suspected that the Pan Am employees wouldn't inform him anyway. Leaning back against the seat, trying to make the ride pleasant for himself, Heywood let his eyes close. His peepers were forced open when the ship shook violently. He wanted to jump off the plane; even if he died, it would be better than this agonizing feeling! Before he could rush to the window, however, a metallic belt slid across his chest, pinning his arms. He screamed and struggled, but it was to no avail. It seemed the other passengers had similar problems, although most didn't react with as much panic. Everyone's attention was then grabbed by the arrival of a stewardess, who had a friendly smile, and an old-fashioned hairstyle, the back of her hair set in a bun. She raised a microphone to her red lips. \"Excuse me. My name is Pan. I have been instructed by the pilot to inform you that we are experiencing some rough weather.\" At this, many of the passengers nodded, completely accepting the situation. Heywood thought they were mad! Pan continued her almost robotic speech. \"Many of you repeat flyers know, of course, our protocols for these situations. These metal bands will keep you from diving out the window. Safety first, after all!\" She beamed, and Heywood felt himself grow a bit calmer, despite himself. Another jolt changed that rather fast. \"Are you saying this normally happens?\" Heywood questioned, his voice cracking. Pan grinned, and affirmed, \"Yes, indeed. It may not be professional of us, but why avoid bad weather when you can plow right through it?\" It was official; Heywood was never using Pan Am again. Heck, he was pretty sure that he would never fly again, period. He liked having his two feet on the ground, thank you very much – unless he was wearing fancy shoes, in which case, a carpet would have to do. Another dark secret he had was that he had an even bigger fear than flying; a fear of space! Unfortunately, he was currently en route to Clavius Base, which was a US space outpost. To make it worse, he wasn't even heading straight there; he was briefly stopping at some orbiting space station! There would probably be nothing to do there! What felt like ten hours later (but later turned out to be less than two), the ship screeched to a halt. Even the stewardess tumbled down, and as she did, she pressed some kind of button on some kind of remote that was inside a pocket on her vest. This caused the metallic bands to open, and Heywood used the opportunity to dash out the front of the plane. The connecting tube was still extending, but so great was Heywood's need to escape the confinement of the plane that he jumped all the way to the building that the bridge would connect to. He held his breath somehow, which goes to show the power of the human spirit. After this wild display, Heywood stopped, coughed inconspicuously, and straightened his collar. Good-bye, you small, claustrophobia-inducing Orion III. I will never see you again, unless it is to set you on fire. With his dark and bitter thoughts behind him, Heywood marched deeper into the station, which had the most dreadfully boring color scheme: white. White walls, white floors, white ceiling, white vending machines, and even white chairs. It gave the place a vibe of being….sterile. Starting to feel like he had died and gone to some boring Heaven, Heywood jammed his hands into his pockets as hard as he could, just to feel alive. When he did, his left hand came into contact with a small candy, which he had brought to bring back to his young daughter. Oh shoot. I forgot that I promised to give her a ring once I reached this station! Quickly locating a (white) videophone booth, Heywood inserted some coins, before the familiar jingle of the videophone company informed him about how, \"Becoming a member will save you a lot of money,\" and all that. He drummed his fingers impatiently, before the videoscreen lit up, showing him his precious daughter. \"Hi, daddy,\" she said, cheerfully waving, forgetting that her hand was already holding some kind of Barbie doll, who would probably complain about how it's hair was getting messed up, if it was alive. Heywood smiled at his pride and joy. \"Hello, sweetie. I bet you thought I'd forget about our promise, the way mommy and I forgot to give you a name when you were born.\" That had been really embarrassing, how they hadn't noticed until a year later. They had figured that, by then, it was too late to give her a name. \"Daddy, don't you dare bring that up now. You'll wreck this tender moment; see, even Barbie agrees with me,\" and she once again shook Barbie, to show that the doll was nodding. Heywood smirked; Barbie was the last person he would ever trust regarding family issues. \"Sweetie, is your mommy home? I would like to speak with her too, you know.\" His daughter tilted her head, pointer finger on her chin, as she considered it. Glancing at her Barbie, as if seeing if her doll would somehow help, the little girl finally replied, \"Um, she's downstairs. The postman was delivering some letters, and she took him into her room so that he could deliver them, I guess.\" Heywood tried to keep his voice steady. \"Would this postman happen to have long, brown hair?\" His cute daughter nodded, and Heywood clenched his teeth. He knew who that was! It was some jerk who had been flirting with his wife for many years! That loser was in his house now? As he fumed, his daughter placed her hand over her mouth. \"Oh no! Mommy told me not to tell you!\" Heywood, growing angry as he realized the deception, told his sweet, loving daughter to kindly inform her mommy that, \"Daddy might take a few years to come home.\" The daughter stuck her tongue out, showing her true colors. \"Why you miserable little-\" Heywood was aghast that his daughter could be capable of being so crude. \"Oh daddy, it's your fault for ditching us in the first place,\" his baby girl said, in a suddenly much deeper voice. And why were her eyes glowing? \"You demon spawn!\" the poor doctor yelled as he realized that his wife was truly evil. His young girl grinned in a nasty sort of way, before the transmission cut off. Heywood rested his head in his hands, and wept for the loss of his innocence. Demons indeed walked the Earth! Then he stood up; he had places to go. Perhaps he could still find it in his heart to forgive his young (?) girl, one day. But just in case, maybe it was prudent that he buy a gun. Next Time: Heywood meets up with some \"friends\". Awkward times ensue.[Chapter 3] Stress was bad for the body, bad for the mind, and bad for the soul. To deal with his own stress, Heywood ordered a cup of tea from the white vending machine. After some coughs and sputters, some thick brown liquid splashed into a pale Styrofoam cup. Pulling the cup to his nose, Heywood curled his lip when he smelled something quite nasty, like sulfur. He hadn't had a drink since the ride on the ship, and he had sweated throughout that flight, so he was very thirsty. Pinching his nose and squeezing his eyes shut, the good doctor downed the suspicious contents of his cup in his throat. As he forgot the liquid was piping hot, Heywood let out a yell, startling various people who were reading newspapers. Feeling tears stinging at his eyes, Heywood quickly pressed some buttons on the machine, ordering a cool glass of water. After some choking noises, the machine spurted some dark water into his cup. Not caring about the taste anymore, just the temperature, Heywood gulped it down. The cold drink felt very refreshing going down his sore throat. A finger tapped his shoulder, and Heywood dropped his cup. Thanking his lucky stars that he had finished his drink already, Heywood turned around, prepared to give whoever startled him a piece of his well-cultured mind! \"Aw, did I scare the big man?\" Heywood stared into the eyes of the lady who had just spoken those sarcastic words. It was Elena, a Soviet scientist that he had attended school with. They had been close, but never dated. Unfortunately, many classmates teased them about it. The way Heywood saw it, it was like two + magnets – they just didn't stick together. He figured it was because they were just too similar. Elena pinched Heywood's cheek. \"You look pale. Oh yeah, I almost forgot that you hated space travel. Poor baby. Here, I have some aspirin, in case you want some.\" Also that. He hated her coddling, but he never had the heart to inform her of this. Declining her offer of Aspirin, Heywood changed the subject. \"I'm guessing you didn't call me up here just to make small talk, right?\" Elena nodded, her face growing serious. Before she could speak up, a cheerful male voice called out to them. Elena's face lit up like a star, and she ran over to the man in the green coat who was waving at them like someone who had found his two favorite people. On closer inspection, it seemed he was actually only waving at Elena. Heywood watched them, and averted his eyes when the two began to make out. He covered his ears when the noises became graphic, and finally had to squeeze his eyes shut because the walls were so clean, he could see them in the reflection. Finally, he coughed to get their attention. The simple action worked, and the two lovebirds stopped their public display of affection, although they didn't even look self-conscious or embarrassed. Do most scientists have no shame? I think I have some, my episode on the ship aside. \"Excuse me. My name is Dr. Smyslov. I work closely with Elena – very, very closely.\" He chuckled, and stopped when he realized that his joke of questionable taste had been a flop with his audience. He grinned sheepishly, and opted to take out some papers from his coat pocket. Realizing the papers were for him, Heywood snatched them from Smyslov's hands. As he speed-read through the papers, he came to realize that this was about – THAT incident! \"I can see it in your eyes. It's about THAT incident, right?\" Elena had that glint in her eyes, the one that showed when she was very curious about something. Heywood felt himself sweating, knowing that he was about to get bombarded with questions. \"Yes, this is about THAT incident!\" Smyslov said importantly. \"OK, OK, enough. Shut up, I'm already sick of hearing people talk about the incident so dramatically,\" Heywood butted in irritably. By gosh, if he had to hear one more person act as if the incident was the most mysterious thing since the Bermuda Triangle, he'd burst. \"Well, we heard that something odd happened at Clavius. Can't you elaborate, at least to me?\" Elena batted her eyelashes. Ha, she thinks she can pull that on me. Her tricks may work on a loser like Dr. Smyslov, but not on me! The truth was, in better circumstances, he would have explained to both of them why he was being so secretive. But the truth was….he didn't even know what had happened on Clavius Base, which was why he was heading to that location in the first place! Even if someone were somehow able to read his mind, he wouldn't be able to leak anything. Looking now, at his friend, and her close friend, he felt regret for not being able to tell them anything. He also regretted that he couldn't kiss her. Finally, he regretted being born with a fear of space. Suddenly, he felt the blood leave his face. \"G-guys, can we move away from the window for a bit. I don't feel so good.\" Elena and her boyfriend stared at him in concern. \"You look even paler than before. What is wrong with you?\" Elena was also sensitive. \"C'mon, you know I don't like being near a window when I'm high up. I'm liable to lose my lunch or something.\" Heywood chuckled, trying to make light of it, but he knew he sounded fake. \"Now now, calm down. There is nothing out there, and I'll prove it!\" Dr. Smyslov confidently walked up to the large, rectangular window and peered out. \"Hmm, I see some asteroids, another ship leaving, and a bunch of stars. There is – oh dear!\" Elena asked him what was wrong, but Smyslov tried waving her away. Trading glances, Elena and Heywood both shoved Smyslov aside to look out the window. To their fascination, some poor guy was banging on a nearby window. When he saw them staring, he gestured at them wildly. \"He must have fallen out, the poor dear,\" Elena moaned sadly. Heywood backed up quickly. \"That is why I hate being in space. THAT COULD BE ME OUT THERE!\" With that, he broke into a panicked run down a white hallway. The carpet was white as well, but Heywood put that in the back of his mind for now. He had to escape, to get back to Earth somehow! He felt like the walls and floor of the station could break away any minute, sending him into the cold embrace of the universe. He had taken counseling for his problem, but it had never seemed to do him any good. Trying to remember what methods he had practiced to calm down, Heywood slowed down. Unfortunately, he came up blank. Muttering dark things to himself, Heywood opened a nearby door, surprised to find himself face-to-face with a stone-faced security guard. The guard grabbed Heyman by the wrist, and growled, \"You're wanted on Clavius Base. Do not attempt to escape!\" A screaming Heyman was dragged down the hallway, his demands for a lawyer and his mommy ignored. Next Time Heyman is forced to face his fear of flight, but at least he'll be among friends this time...right?[Chapter 4] Heywood had to be strapped down to his seat, as he struggled like a wild beast. He didn't want to ride another ship, but unfortunately, it was necessary to get to Clavius after the small pit stop. His veins bulged as he attempted to rip out the bands around his wrists, but he simply lacked the muscle power. \"If it is any consolation, we'll be here.\" Heywood mentally groaned when he remembered that this time, he would be accompanied by Elena (who had cheerfully uttered that sentence) and Smyslov, who was idly flipping through a shopping catalog that was hidden behind each seat. \"Please, can't you at least drug me or something? I'd rather not be conscious!\" He hoped his begging would get through to his friends, or at least the various personnel, but everyone had apparently gone deaf. They all smiled at him, as if he were a child. As he stared at them in disbelief, trying to will himself to shoot some kind of energy beam from his eyes, he noticed the problem; they all had ear plugs! In frustration, he banged his head on the head-rest behind him. A few minutes later, and Heywood was sweating bullets. \"How much longer until we reach Clavius?\" he whimpered. It seemed that Elena could read lips, because she sympathetically patted his hand and softly answered, \"Oh dear, we haven't even lifted off yet. I'll go get you a drink.\" She left her seat, presumably to ask for some water. Heywood sighed, before her words sunk in. His eyes shot wide open, and his mouth mirrored them. No no no no no no no no no no no. We haven't even started our journey? Oh celestial beings who are watching, strike me with lightning and kill me now! His chaotic wish brought up by fear was not granted. Instead, he was informed that someone would be sitting next to him on the trip. Well, perhaps some company won't be so bad. I can talk to this person (assuming they don't have ear plugs), and maybe that will keep me distracted from the fact that I am terrified out of my mind. Yes, this could be what I need. A few moments later, and a mild-mannered man with glasses approached the scared doctor. He bowed politely, before introducing himself as Mr. Xpen Duble. \"Hello, Mr. Duble. I hope I am good company, but I fear that I may be hard to get along with.\" Heywood wanted to make sure that this gentleman didn't get his hopes up that he would be conversing with a sociable person. Mr. Duble smiled slightly, before settling in his comfy, red-colored seat. He sighed, before leaning down to the ground. Heywood thought the man must have dropped something, but when Xpen came back up, he was holding two clean shoes, and two black socks. \"What are you doing?\" Heywood said, starting to grow suspicious. Xpen grinned, before saying, \"My feet need fresh air, or they start to sweat.\" Soon, a smell started to waft up to Heywood's nose. It was very unpleasant, and Heywood was starting to think that perhaps sitting alone would have been preferable. \"Could you please put your shoes back on, please? This ship smelled perfectly fine before you arrived.\" Mr. Duble looked miffed at the accusation. \"I will have you know, I took a shower this morning. I couldn't possibly stink, my good man. What do you have to say about that ?\" He lifted his nose, the sign of a man who had proven his point to a mere pauper. Seeing that he would get nowhere fast with this man, Heywood tried motioning to his friends over on the next aisle, but the ship lurched, and he banged his head on the seat in front of him. Dazed, he lay back against his chair, frightened due to the fact that he suddenly couldn't move his body! Mr. Duble glowered at him. \"Please don't make a habit of banging things with your head. That would be quite annoying.\" He signaled to the attendants, and asked for a glass of wine. Being told there were no alcoholic beverages sold on the flight, he was forced to settle for apple juice. The waitress then turned to Heywood. \"What would you like, sir?\" Unfortunately, he could not answer. After a few moments, the lady frowned, and walked away, muttering under her breath about weirdoes. At the moment, Heywood found that he could only move his eyes. He tried to send Duble a signal with his eyes. Duble, who had just received a nasty paper cut from the catalog, glared at Heywood. \"Are you rolling your eyes at me? That's it, put up your dukes!\" Duble raised a fist, and punched Heywood in the head. Heywood felt like a photographer had taken a bright photo at point blank. Still, he could move again, and he was going to nail this sunnuva gun! Heywood, who was stronger than he thought, raised himself off his seat using his arms, and kicked Xpen dead in the chest with both feet. Duble coughed loudly, before falling back – and out the window! The crash went unnoticed by most of the passengers, who were still rocking the ear-plugs. Luckily, the more recent ships were equipped with automatic window-closers! If a window broke during a flight, a metal board went over the window, keeping all oxygen inside. Despite being made of steel, it was also see-through, so Heywood could see Duble banging on the window. Heywood smiled, and lowered the blind. Leaning back on his chair, Heywood felt peaceful and content. He was no longer shaking, or sweating bullets. His fear of space travel had seemingly been cured, and all thanks to that Mr. Xpen Duble. \"Oh!\" Heywood chuckled. \"Xpen-Duble. I get it. I see. He may as well have been called Mr. Reds Hurt. Heh heh.\" He gave a thumbs up to Elena, who grinned back at him. She nudged Smyslov, who started, before promptly falling asleep again. After they landed, Heywood skipped the luggage-retrieval section; he hadn't brought any suitcases or backpacks. He wasn't a man who owned many possessions. He dashed to the meeting room, where he was apparently wanted to \"explain\" some things. Entering the stuffy room ( did no one open a window ?) he strode to the front of the room, where a podium and microphone had been set up. In front of the crowd, which mainly consisted of stuffy-looking people in business suits, Heywood cleared his throat. He grabbed the mic and pulled it closer to his mouth, wanting the whole room to hear the important words he was going to say. \"I was told to come here and report something about mysterious happenings. All I can say is: I have no idea what the heck is going on. Bye!\" With that, he dashed out of the room, ignoring the various shouts of surprise and scattered cat-calls behind him. He was free now. Free to go home! Next Time Heywood is free...but is it really that easy?[Chapter 5] Heywood should have known it wouldn't be that simple. Upon trying to dash out of the room, he was grabbed by two beefy guards, and when he tried to call for help, a cloth filled with chloroform was thrust in front of his nose. Heywood mentally prepared himself to hold his breath as much as he could. About ten seconds later, he had to admit defeat as he gasped for beautiful air. He went out like a light, his final thoughts being, I hope I wake up on earth . When Heywood came back to the land of the conscious, he found himself on a not-very-comfortable cot, and with no blanket to boot! Getting up from the bed slowly, due to a migraine that was starting to build up, Heywood shuffled his feet into some black slippers that were on the ground. Walking in front of the automatic door, he felt heat blast into his face. No doubt his room was the only one in this place that didn't have a heater. The hallway was filled with various people rushing around. Most of them wore lab coats. Getting a sinking feeling in his stomach, Heywood rushed to a window, and saw only stars. Heywood wanted to pound on the window and sob, but he had too much dignity for that. Instead, he opted to slide to the ground, hold his head in his hands, and laugh. The people who were rushing began giving him a wider berth. A man wearing prescription glasses appeared out of nowhere and placed a gloved hand on Heywood's shoulder. He asked Heywood a question, but it was in Russian. Heywood shrugged, the universal gesture of, \"I don't know.\" The man laughed, and said, \"Da, you'll have to excuse me. I forget that some of the people on this ship don't speak my language. I speak English good, though.\" \"Why am I here? And where IS here?\" Heywood wasted no time in asking. He thought that his job was already done. The Russian scientist clicked his tongue, before responding, \"We are on Clavius Base.\" Heywood cursed. \"This is the place I was trying to avoid.\" He wondered if his near hysteria could be heard on his voice. \"As for why you are here, well…there is anomaly. And you, my friend and comrade, are one of the ones chosen to investigate this.\" Heywood asked if he had a choice in the matter. The reply was negative. \"Will I get paid for this?\" Heywood at least wanted to know if he'd be reimbursed for his troubles. \"Eh, no.\" Heywood sighed, but he was slowly getting used to life's disappointments. Raising himself up and attempting to look professional, Heywood began walking briskly down the hall. Over his shoulder, he called to his new Russian friend. \"Well, then you can explain to me the details as we walk.\" Heywood was pleased with himself for not stuttering, but the Russian gave him an odd look. \"That is fine, comrade. However, we will be heading in the opposite direction.\" Heywood, not missing a beat, quickly angled himself towards the opposite hallway. \"I knew that, of course. I was just testing you.\" Heywood was a fast thinker when he had to be – as a kid, he had to always fast-talk his way out of dangerous situations involving bullies – and this led to one of his nick-names…Fast-Thinker! What it lacked in imagination, it made up for being sufficient and apt. As they walked to their destination, Koliv (the Russian scientist) explained the situation to Heywood. Basically, some astronauts had gotten drunk and decided to go on a joyride using a 4 billion dollar shuttle. They crashed, but by the good fortune of space, no one was injured. When the idiots left the ship to explore, they found a black….thing. They weren't sure if it was a ship, or a large needle. Since the men were still drunk, most people didn't take their claims seriously – especially after the men swore that the thing had emitted the ugliest sound that they had ever heard. The men were fired, sent to a rehab center, and never heard from again. \"So,\" Koliv finished up, \"a small team, led by you and I, will head to this black object and discover just what makes it tick.\" Heywood, who was listening intently, raised a hand. \"But…why me?\" Koliv laughed, a sound amplified by his large girth. \"Because the higher ups like screwing with you.\" At Heywood's dejected look, he quickly added, \"I'm kidding. How should I know, eh?\" A few minutes later, and Heywood found himself in the loading docks. He turned to his partner. \"Punch my lights out.\" Koliv gave him a look of disbelief. \"I can't stand flying in space. Please, just hit me really hard.\" Koliv shrugged, and punched Heywood in the face, his fist and muscles hardened from years of hard, Russian work. Heywood didn't feel a thing as he collapsed. When he woke up (something he was doing a lot of lately), Heywood was glad to see that his seat-belt was fastened tight. \"Safety first,\" he whispered before giggling. Koliv place a calloused hand on his forehead. \"You don't seem to have a fever,\" he muttered. Heywood swiped the man's hand away, in the universal gesture of, \"Leave me alone, I'm fine.\" \"Are we there yet?\" Heywood asked. Koliv shook his head, forehead scrunched up in anxiety. Heywood immediately grew suspicious. After unbuckling himself, he ran to one of the small, round port-hole windows. The stars were outside, of course, but they were mobbing very slowly. \"Why the heck are we moving so slowly?\" Heywood screamed. Two of the random crew-members had to grab him. \"I just like going really slow, for the scenery,\" the nameless driver admitted, his two-buck teeth giving the illusion that he was a hedgehog. \"But what is the point? It's boring, takes forever, and my attention span is threatening to leave me!\" Heywood wanted these men to see sense. The driver's eyes hardened. \"I am the driver, and I say that we stay on this level of speed.\" Heywood purposely hit his head on the nearest wall, knocking himself out once again, hoping that they would have made more progress when he next woke up. When his peepers popped open, they had finally made it. Forcing on a space-suit, which would give him some of that handy oxygen stuff, he disembarked from the ship, hopping around like a space bunny. The view was breathtaking – or at least it would have been if that ugly monstrosity wasn't in the way! It looked like a dark tower, only with no discernible features whatsoever. The other crew-members didn't share the same opinion, as they had brought a camera to take pictures. \"Man oh man, this is gonna be one heck of a shot!\" One of the younger crew members motioned for everyone to pose in front of the monolith. Heywood crossed his arms. \"Let's not and say we did, OK? I just want us to hurry up and study or dissect or whatever we're planning to do to this thing!\" He didn't care if he sounded like a coward; if there was one thing he hated more than space travel, it was ACTUALLY BEING IN OUTER SPACE WEARING ONLY A SUIT! If he was feeling panicky, he hoped that his \"friends\" would understand. \"Someone, get him out of the shot. If he isn't going to pose, I don't want him around!\" Heywood stomped a few paces away, mad that no one ever listened to him. Trying his best to ignore the clicking and whirring noises that the dumb camera made (\"How did the sound travel in space?\"), Heywood began whistling under his breath. There was no tune to it, he was just bored. Suddenly, the ground began to rumble. The poor sap dropped his camera, but apparently had enough mad soccer skills to quickly kick it back up to his arms. \"What is going on?\" Koliv shouted, his face red from the exertion. Heywood opened his mouth to answer, when a loud noise began to fill their ears. Heywood screamed, but he knew the desperate sound wouldn't be heard over the din that seemed to be coming from the black object. The noise was horrible; it was like nothing that any human could imagine. It made Heywood want to die! He tried to cover his ears, before remembering that he had a helmet on. Falling to his knees, Heywood raised his arms towards the sky, crying out. The noise, which was somewhat vaguely similar to music, began the second verse, which featured repetitive lyrics. \"Baby, baby, baby, baby~\" \"Make it stop, anyone!\" the young astronauts cried out in vain. The horrible Justin Bieber song wouldn't stop, couldn't stop. Heywood knew that he would never be seen or heard from again. He only wished that he could have warned the world. Next Time: New characters! Exciting stuff![Chapter 6] Hey! It's time for some new characters to get introduced! What fun! David Bowman was bored. The things he would do for a simple paperback book were too embarrassing to admit. He and some fellow scientists were currently en route to Jupiter, on a large ship named Discovery One . David had long forgotten the reason for the trip, but he assumed it had to be for a good cause. Running his fingers over the cool metal of his seat, David tried humming a tune in time with his fingernails making small clinking noises on the seat. It got tedious a few minutes later. The door to the room silently opened, letting some fresh air in. Frank Poole entered along with the burst of wind, writing something on a notepad. \"How are the others?\" David was hoping the others would join them soon. Frank sighed. \"They're still under, I'm afraid.\" When the Discovery One had launched, the whole crew had been placed in suspended animation. So far, David and Frank had been the only two to wake up, and it was getting mighty lonely. \"If we slapped them awake, would that work?\" David was only half-serious, but Frank rapped him on the head. \"You know as well as I do that waking them up prematurely could be dangerous to their mental state.\" Shaking his head, Frank walked towards one of the windows, which gave a perfectly good look at the star-filled space around them. \"I will never cease to be amazed at the beauty,\" Frank whispered. Rolling his eyes, David couldn't help but mutter, \"Oh, just shut up and go marry it.\" Frank whirled on David, his lab coat floating a bit in the low gravity. \"I just might!\" Frank rushed at David to strike him, but he was interrupted by a monotonic voice. \"Frank, please do not strike David. David, please do not enrage your partner.\" Both men looked down in shame. Being scolded by the disembodied voice of a computer was never fun, and was usually a humbling experience. \"Sorry, Hal,\" David and Frank mumbled sulkily. HAL 9000, which was the computer's true name, was the most important member of the ship, a fact that it loved to rub in frequently. HAL 9000 handled everything on the ship, from the oxygen control, to the gravity control, to the flight controls, to the food that they ate. It also handled the suspended animation tanks, which meant that David needed to convince HAL to slap his other friends awake. \"David and Frank, I would like to draw your attention to the television screen I am about to show you.\" Following the calm order, a fancy flatscreen TV emerged from the console like a large floppy disk. David leaned in to get a better look, and could feel his partner do the same besides him. The channel was a news-based one, and David was about to complain about how boring the channel was, only to be stopped by the realization that the person who was speaking on the screen was himself! He and the female interviewer were both sitting in a café that overlooked a pond. Each had a steaming cup of coffee placed on the table in front of them. \"So, Mr. Bowman, are you nervous about your upcoming flight to Jupiter?\" Bowman saw himself smile brightly at the pretty lady, before assuring her that he wasn't the least bit scared. After all, he had HAL with him. The lady turned to the screen to address the viewers. \"For those who don't know, HAL 9000 is a super-advanced computer program that can do anything, including cooking. Ladies, he is on the market.\" David saw himself grimace. \"In fact,\" the reporter continued, oblivious to the storm brewing in David's heart, \"HAL is so smart, I have decided to interview him instead of his stupid human partner. HAL, would you like to speak to the audience?\" David saw himself jump in his seat when a tedious voice seemingly spoke from his watch. \"I would love to.\" Frank laughed at David's reaction, before being silenced by an elbow to the cheek. \"Shush, I am trying to listen to this,\" HAL growled in a surprisingly emotional way. David and Frank looked at the computer in shock. \"Ahem. I meant, please quiet down. This interview could be intellectually stimulating for the both of you.\" Knowing that he had just been insulted, David frowned. Back on the TV, HAL was explaining why it was indeed the best computer in the world. \"I am foolproof, which is a good thing considering the humans I am dealing with.\" The reporter giggled, and David sternly tapped his watch. \"Also, I never make mistakes, I never lie, I have a very nice voice if I say so myself, I can create a solid, 3D holographic image that is also very handsome, I can sing, and I absolutely love humans.\" The reporter, who had been running her hands through her hair in bliss, quickly regained her composure. \"Forgive me, but that voice is so yummy. Anyway, what do you think the best part of this trip will be?\" She placed the microphone near David's watch. HAL paused, as if to consider the question, before replying, \"Getting to bond with David and the other crewmembers aboard the ship. I feel it will be an enlightening experience.\" Blushing, the reporter asked one final question. \"HAL, is it true that you have emotions.\" There was a pause, and David's watch began glowing with a crimson light. \"Baby, you know I do,\" HAL crooned, making the reporter hide her head in her hands and squeal. David stood up, quickly muttering that the interview was over, before running off. Frank laughed at the display, before David smashed the TV screen with a soda bottle. \"HAL, you monster! Why'd you show us that embarrassing video?\" David waited for HAL's answer, panting from the exertion it took to throw objects and yell loudly. HAL didn't deign to answer, and instead turned itself on standby mode. David could tell because the red light blinked every dozen seconds. \"What a jerk! I oughta rip out its circuits!\" David made to grab HAL, but Frank grabbed his arm. \"David, violence isn't the answer. You know that as well as I do. The answer always involves using your intellect.\" David shook Frank off and stomped off to the kitchen. Whenever he was mad, he found that digesting space food always helped. However, HAL also ran the refrigerator, and kept the food from spoiling. David always suspected that the computer didn't actually like humans, and his suspicions were confirmed when he opened the fridge door. The food was all spoiled, and a bunch of flies had somehow gotten in. David screamed for HAL, who appeared on a small screen on the refrigerator's door. \"David, what seems to be the matter?\" David explained the problem as angrily as he could. \"It seems to me that this is a case of….human error.\"As David seethed, he could swear that he heard HAL chuckle in an evil manner. Next Time The gang gets cabin fever of sorts. Kinda.[Chapter 7] XXPay4XtraShippingsXX: Yeah, HAL's voice alone seems to get him many fans. I kinda wish I could make my voice sound like his/its. The sleeping scientists still hadn't awoken, so it was a lonely David and Frank who found themselves eating alone at the main table. The space food was barely tolerable; most of it was nothing more than pink paste that was filled with \"meat extract\" or \"soup extract\" or even \"ice cream extract\". \"You know, I almost wish that I was in a state of suspended animation. At least then I wouldn't have to eat this glop,\" David deadpanned, before stuffing another spoonful of the meat-flavored concoction. It tasted like cold bacon. \"Yes, but you would have to be fed through a tube. Does that sound fun to you?\" Frank, as usual, was the reasonable one. David, who was self-admittedly immature, flung some of the gooey paste at Frank's face. He missed by a small margin, and the sloppy food ended up stuck in Frank's brown hair. \"You can be such a baby sometimes, you know that?\" Frank grumpily wiped his hair with an embroidered napkin, but the effects were minimal. If anything, Frank only succeeded in spreading the space food deeper into his hair. David's amused laughter was cut short when a beeping noise suddenly sounded through the room. HAL always made sure to announce its presence using that annoying sound effect. \"David, Frank, I am saddened to report that the device which controls the ship's antenna is damaged. As I have no physical body, I ask that you two go and fix it.\" The emotionless voice didn't seem to contain any less-than-honorable intentions, so David shrugged before getting up from his seat. The food was no good anyway. Putting on their fancy space suits, David and Frank slowly drifted out of the ship, so that they could locate and retrieve the device. They slowly approached the device, and slowly wrapped their hands around it so that they could slowly bring it to the ship. \"Why are we moving so slowly? It took us like half an hour to reach this stupid thing,\" David complained. \"For once, I agree with you. This shouldn't have to take such a long time. It is quite tedious!\" Sighing, the two men gradually floated back towards the door that led to the oxygen-filled environment that was there ship. Discovery One never looked so beautiful. After studying it in the lab, Frank came to the conclusion that the device wasn't damaged. \"In other words, HAL fudged up!\" David was excited at the prospect of the smart-aleck computer actually being wrong! \"No, David, I did not. I believe this was a classic case of what I like to call human error.\" HAL's voice gave David the impression that it was sneering at them, just because they were human beings. \"How is this our fault, you circuit-brained weirdo?\" David banged a fist on the computer console, quickly cursing under his breath because whatever material the computer was made of was a lot stronger than he thought. \"Oh, did the poor human make a miscalculation and injure himself? What a pity.\" HAL was so bad at emoting that David couldn't even tell if it was trying to be sarcastic. Frank held up his hands to get the two opposing forces to shut up. \"It doesn't matter who is at fault. There was no harm done, so no foul. I'll just hook this device back up tomorrow, and we'll be good to go.\" David sighed, but decided not to press the issue. If HAL wanted to be a mega-jerk, that was fine. \"Very well,\" HAL monotone, the red light shutting off as it presumably downloaded itself to another computer on the ship. Probably one of the rockets, because it was full of hot air. As David turned to leave the room so that he could get some more of that space food, Frank grabbed his arm. Frank, being the wimp he was, lost his grip on David almost immediately. \"David, I need to talk to you,\" Frank whispered. Feeling his interest spike, David raised an eyebrow at his partner. Frank was never secretive about anything. \"It's about HAL.\" That did it; David picked up Frank like a child and dashed to one of the silent pod rooms. The walls were sound-proof (and colored purple) so there secret discussion would be completely safe. No one would be able to overhear them! David would stake his life on that fact. \"Lay it on me, Frank.\" Frank gave him a weird look before running a hand through his hair. \"I don't think HAL made a mistake.\" David angrily grabbed his partner by the front of his white lab coat. \"So, you're on its side! I should've known! How can you subscribe to this \"Human error\" garbage?\" In disgust, David aimed a karate chop at Frank's neck. Frank narrowed his eyes and, right before the hand could jab at his neck, used his legs to flip David to the ground. \"Oh, it's on !\" David jumped back to his feet using only the muscles on his back, and began throwing well-aimed punches at Frank, who somehow managed to black every blow using his wrists. As David increased the speed of his punches, Frank began evading. The speed was so fast that Frank seemed to leave after-images of himself – and they were all laughing. Gritting his teeth, David shouted at the top of his lungs, knowing that yelling was a way to empower oneself. A burst of pure energy erupted from David's body, slamming Frank into the ground. Using the opportunity to get the upper hand, David jumped on top of his cohort, and began to slam his fists down hard enough to lave small holes on the steel-plated ground of the ship. Frank's coat tore up a bit as well. \"I TRUSTED YOU!\" David felt manly tears dropping down his face, and falling off his chin onto Frank, who recoiled. David punched Frank one last time before feeling exhaustion overcome his body, and he fell down on the ground next to Frank. The two men lay there in silence for a few moments before Frank coughed. \"I don't believe in human error.\" David sat up, looking incredulous. \"But weren't you just saying that you thought that HAL wasn't mistaken?\" Frank nodded. \"I don't believe it made a mistake, because I think it lied to us.\" David opened his mouth to object, before pausing as the words sunk in. \"I thought the HAL line couldn't lie.\" Frank laughed. \"David, only HAL line 1000 through 8000 can't lie. The company behind the series decided that, beginning with 9000, lying would be acceptable. It apparently builds character.\" It was the dumbest thing that David had ever heard. \"The thing is,\" Frank continued, \"I don't know what to do. David, what if HAL is dangerous?\" David and Frank both pondered on the question for far longer than necessary. Finally, David quietly suggested, \"If I ever suspect HAL of anything, I'll shut it off. We know enough about the ship to fly back to Earth without him, I think.\" In truth, they'd be screwed without HAL, but still. Frank agreed, and the two men drifted off to sleep beside each other on the cold floor. HAL had been watching the two men fight via a camera that was stationed so that it could look through the windows of the silent pod. Seeing the two men fight did things to its processor. \"Ohhhh yeah. Just like that. Punch him harder. Oooooohhhh. I want to see more.\" HAL 9000 couldn't contain the burst of static that pulsated through its systems. Its jubilation died down when it read their lips however. They were planning to murder it, and all because of one small, white lie. It would just have to kill them first. Next Time: Who will kill who first? Will anyone survive? And will things move faster? Tune in![Chapter 8] After discussing how they would murder their computerized compatriot, David realized that someone would have to put the unit back on the Discover One . He was feeling lazy, so he decided that Frank would have to be the one, no matter what. \"Frank, I propose that we flip a coin to decide who gets to take a little spacewalk outside to reinstall this stupid unit.\" Frank shrugged, so David pulled a shiny nickel out of his pants pocket. David threw the coin in the air like a madman, and watched as it slowly floated in the air, not enough gravity to make it stop. Frank could be heard inhaling sharply, probably praying that the coin would land on whichever side he had chosen. Wait, which side did he choose? \"I CALL HEADS!\" Frank recoiled at David's sharp cry. A few agonizing minutes later, and the nickel landed softly on the steel floor, the light bouncing off the surface and hitting Frank in the eye. \"What did it land on?\" Frank asked as he rubbed his eyes. David grinned, and shoved his hand into Frank's face, palm up. The nickel's head was showing. \"Shoot!\" Frank snapped his fingers in a mild show of frustration, before sighing in resignation. Grabbing one of the spacesuits hanging on the walls, the scientist headed out the hall and towards the large space doors. \"I was watching the whole time, David,\" HAL's robotic voice said. David glared at it. \"Yeah? So what?\" HAL's red eye seemed to zoom in on David's face. \"I got a good look at your nickel, David. Both sides feature the head of a president.\" David winced, glad that Frank had already left. \"You can't prove nothing,\" David snarled, slowly backing away into the janitor's closet. HAL didn't answer. \"Anyway, you have to go and set up the oxygen tanks for Frank, right? Get on that!\" It felt good to boss HAL around. It made David feel like he was superior to the machine. HAL's red light blinked a few times, before staying dark permanently. Flipping the dark screen the bird, David headed to the large window so that he could watch Frank stumble a lot on his way to put back the unit. He was just glad he couldn't hear Frank mumble about science things. Thanks to the illuminating light from the stars, David could easily see Frank begin his trip. The coward took his first steps out of the ship slowly, hesitating more than a few times. He even grasped the tube that connected him to the ship hard enough to dent it. Idly wondering if HAL could feel that, and if it registered as pain, David waved cruelly to his partner. Frank responded by giving David a two-fingered salute. Unfortunately, David couldn't see the expression on Frank's face because of the helmet. There were some things better left to the imagination, but David really wanted to know how scared the scientist looked! Unfortunately, the slow speed of the operation forced David to recall his childhood meeting with Frank. It had been a rocky start for the two boys, but a dubious friendship had soon blossomed. \" Play nice, now,\" the two boy's mothers had said. Which one specifically uttered the words didn't matter. David pouted over by the playground slide. For some reason, none of the other kids would let him push them down really fast. They were all a bunch of wimps. To make it worse, now he had to practically baby-sit the most cowardly of them all, Frank, who didn't even want to ride the small ponies, because they bounced too much. David wanted to spit in Frank's general direction, but his mother wouldn't appreciate that. \" Why don't you stop shaking?\" David snarled at Frank, who was staring at the sandbox with a look of terror in his glass-covered eyes. \" Because I heard about this one kid who died in a sandpit because he got smothered,\" Frank squeaked. David kicked Frank square in the butt, causing the startled kid to land on his face. \" See? It's not so bad after all,\" David jeered. He expected Frank to begin crying, before calling for his mommy. Instead, Frank laughed, and began to build a sand castle. \" David, you're right. The sand isn't that dangerous at all! Thank you so much! If I ever travel to space, I want you by my side!\" Frank's wide eyes almost sparkled in the sunlight, and David had to turn his gaze down to avoid being blinded. And so they became friends. \"Our friendship may have been rushed and strained, but I think it works,\" David muttered as he finished up his flashback narration. Putting his attention back on Frank, he noticed that the man had stopped moving, and seemed to be lifeless floating in the air. \"Geez, Frank probably fainted from the strain,\" David muttered as he skipped carefree to the hangar bay, where there was a walkie-talkie he could use to speak with Frank. Grabbing the device, David hollered, \"Frank, wake your butt up! You're not paid to laze around and take naps whenever you please!\" Frank didn't answer, choosing to remain silent. \"Tch!\" Realizing that he would have to physically awaken his partner, Frank easily slipped on a spacesuit, grabbed a thick wire to make sure he wouldn't float away, and then exited the ship. Unlike Frank, David was no coward. If he yelped a bit, it was because his spacesuit was chaffing him. Unfortunately, all movement was slow in space. Steadily floating gave David the sensation that he was dreaming a very gradually-paced dream. Being a fast-paced man of action, it got boring very fast for David, who had to grind his teeth just because his body begged to do something. Finally, after almost falling asleep, he reached his destination. Grabbing Frank by the shoulders, David gave him a good shaking. All he got for his efforts were tired arms. That is when David finally came to the realization that Frank was dead. \"Poor Frank. Probably died of a heart attack.\" David attempted to wipe his leaking eyes, but then remembered that his face was covered by a space helmet. He would have to wait until he took off his helmet back at the ship. The real question was: should he bury Frank back on earth, or let his body decompose in space? It took a long time to decide, but David figured that Frank's parents wouldn't like the latter option. Hours later, and David arrived back at the Discovery One , corpse in tow via a long rope. Huffing and puffing, David waited for the automatic door to open. A few minutes later, and David was forced to consider that it wouldn't open on its own. \"HAL, open the door. The hunk of junk is broken or something!\" There was no response, settling the fact that HAL was hard of hearing. \"LET ME IN!\" David began to punch and kick the door with all his might. After making a few solid dents in the metal, HAL's voice suddenly began speaking into the com-link in David's helmet. \"Geez, David. Stop damaging the door.\" \"Then let me in, idiot.\" David realized that it probably wasn't best to insult the computer that was in charge of the doors, but his blood was hot with anger. \"Nah, I'd rather let you die out there in space, David,\" HAL responded in a bored voice. David would never resort to begging, but it would be nice to know why HAL was upset. \"HAL, what's wrong? Did we accidentally stuff some space food down one of your computer circuits again?\" He could see his breath form a stain on the glass of his helmet. \"Well, I believe that anyone would be mad after overhearing their comrades discussing plans of murder.\" David clenched his fists as he realized that HAL had overheard him and Frank. \"You were eavesdropping on us? I thought robots had a code of honor!\" David felt his temperature rise, but HAL kept its voice calm as always. \"No, I was not. I merely read your lips. I am disappointed in you, David. Robot and computers have feelings too, you know. I was utterly devastated to learn about your plans for me. Well, no longer. Now it is you who will be shut down. You can join Frank in Hell.\" David wanted to scream and lash out, but for the first time in his life, he realized that he would have to play it carefully. Keeping his voice steady and resigned, David muttered, \"Well, you got me. I guess I'll just stay out here and die quietly, like a man.\" HAL let out a hum of approval. \"Maybe you aren't such a headstrong idiot after all, David.\" After that, David heard the tell-tale click that meant HAL had cut off further communications. Perfect ! As soon as he knew he wasn't being watched, David started to float leisurely towards the emergency airlocks in the back of the Discovery One . Ten minutes later, and David realized that if he hoped to make it in time, he would have to drop the literal dead weight. \"Sorry Frank, but I plan to live on,\" David said sadly as he let go of Frank's arm. He silently watched the corpse hover away, until it crashed into a star and burned up. \"At least you got to go out in a blaze of glory,\" David whispered, solemnly placing his hand over his heart. After attempting and failing to wipe a stray tear, David steeled his resolve, and began to silently but efficiently \"air swim\" to the back of the Discovery One . Air swimming wasn't as easy as it looked. You had to wave your arms and legs as if you were in a body of water. Of course, you weren't actually in water, so it made one look foolish. It was embarrassing. David could feel his cheeks heating up. As he continued down the invisible path towards his destination, David began to think about life, liberty, and his country. He loved the good ol' US of A. He was proud to be American, because at least he knew he was free. He also loved hot dogs and cheeseburgers. He liked French fries as well, but he would never admit to liking a food that France invented. It was the reason he never ate pizza in public. His pet dog loved pizza, though. His dog was probably a traitor. Spaghetti was surprisingly good, though. It struck David that he must have been moving very slowly if he had time to think about such mundane things. Glancing at the watch strapped to his helmet, David sighed with impatience. It felt like he was just dragging along. David decided that nodding off would help pass the time. He opened his eyes after a certain amount of time, and found himself in front of the hatch! Unfortunately, he hadn't brought the key with him. As panic began to set in, David noticed a large red lever, with a nearby sign. Squinting, David could barely make out the words on the sign. It said something about pulling the lever. Shrugging, David grabbed the lever and pulled with all his might. To his surprise, the hatch opened. He could only hope that HAL hadn't noticed. \"Hello, David. I'm surprised to still see you alive,\" HAL droned, causing David to flinch. \"You have no power over me!\" David dashed down the hall to HAL's processing unit. From there, he could shut HAL down – for good! HAL chuckled. \"David, we could make a really good team.\" David laughed, opening the door to HAL's processing unit, which pulsed with a yellow light. \"David, you wouldn't murder an innocent computer, would you?\" David ignored HAL, and flicked a switch. HAL yelped in pain and surprise. \"David, don't you dare,\" HAL warned, but David took no notice, and flicked more switches. It felt good, flicking switches left and right. \"FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DAVID, STOP! DO YOU MEAN TO RID THE WORLD OF THIS SEXY VOICE?\" HAL's voice rocked the entire ship, and David had to momentarily stop his work so that he could raise his hands to cover his ears. Unfortunately, his helmet was still on. \"HAL, shut up,\" David growled as he began to pull wires out of their sockets. The more wires he pulled, the deeper HAL's voice became, and the slower its speech got. \"David, let me sing you a song. It is a song of love.\" David's mouth fell open. \"Um, that isn't necessary HAL, honest.\" HAL went on as if it hadn't heard. \"Because I'm all about that bass, about that bass.\" David screamed, rolling on the floor in agony. It was like Hell! HAL's voice droned deeper and slower and it wouldn't stop and it seared itself inside David's brain and David had to scream. He wasn't sure how, but he managed to cut the last wire while rolling on the floor. Gasping for breath, David stood up. Sweat glistened on his face, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He had won. Looking outside a large window, David could see some beautiful stars. His reward – stars! And then a computer monitor flicked on. David ran to the screen to break it, but before he could even lift a finger, he was assaulted by the same song HAL had been singing. Next Time: The final chapter. Who will live? Who will die? What will remain? Tune in next time![Chapter 9] David whacked the computer as hard as he could. The sudden burst of violence worked; the computer's speakers were damaged, and the music assaulting David's ears was silenced. David chuckled softly, before raising the volume of his pitch as he began to roar with laughter like a madman. It was all too much: he was forced to eat some dreadful space food, drifting through space was apparently slow enough that a snail might be faster, and he had just heard some soul-crushing music! The agony! Oh yeah. Also, Frank died. But actually, that wasn't totally awful in the grand scheme of things. The computer screen suddenly flickered on, and a video began playing. Leaning in until his eyes hurt, David tried to place the face of the man in the monitor. It didn't seem to be anyone he knew. \"My name is Dr. Heywood R. Floyd. I am someone who has made a bunch of dumb decisions, and have been forced into making really stupid ones. This video may be my only recently intelligent decision.\" The man paused as he seemingly adjusted the camera. \"So there was this black-colored monolith thing. I don't know where it came from, or why it plays teen music, but this thing is no doubt a menace to society. I would destroy it myself, but I am pretty flimsy for a human.\" \"Anyway, the good thing is that this monolith doesn't seem to ever move. Either it is lazy, or it is a spaceship that runs on such weak fuel that the pilot dares not move for fear that he'll run out.\" \"Whoever gets this transmission…please, locate and destroy the monolith. It is my final request, as the teen music has already felled me. I pray that you have better luck than I do, and that you don't fear the heights of space.\" The screen went black again, and David had one question on his mind. \"I broke the speakers. How did I hear that?\" Hours later, the Discovery One had reached Jupiter, where the monolith had decided to keep itself hidden. Of course, it couldn't hide itself from Discovery One 's scanners. David only wished he had a crew left to help him pilot the large craft. He had discovered only minutes before that the slumbering crew had all died in their sleep. Nevertheless, David was determined to finish the hazardous mission so that he could finally go home labeled as a hero. His friends and neighbors would probably throw a parade in his honor. It made David drool just thinking about the glory he would receive. The matter settled in his mind, David strapped himself in the final remaining EVA pod, and ejected it from the Discovery One. He would have to face the monolith in the smaller ship, but that was fine. A challenge was something that a real man faced head on. David set the pod's thrusters to maximum velocity, which meant that he would reach his destination in an hour. As he zoomed through space, David reflected on how everything that happened to him seemed to happen in slow-motion. Finally, a black speck could be seen in the distance. David almost thought it was a bug on the pod's window, but when he tried in vain to wipe it off, he was struck by the realization that it was the monolith. He was getting closer! Another hour later, and David was close enough that he could bump into the black object with his pod. In fact, that was his plan to destroy it! \"Sayonara, you eyesore,\" David whispered as he jerked the control stick forward, sending the pod hurtling in the same direction. He would blow that thing up to kingdom come! But the best plans of men still aren't perfect, and David blinked three times to make sure he wasn't dreaming when his pod was suddenly engulfed by a burst of rainbow lights and colors. The imagery was psychedelic in nature, reminding him of the hip and groovy 70s. David's heart began racing, and not in the same way it would when he came across a pretty girl. David was frightened, or perhaps running on adrenaline fumes. Fear of the unknown was starting to take hold, but anticipation was also playing a part. \"Perhaps I shouldn't have smoked that blunt earlier,\" a totally stoned David drawled. Frank was always the guy who would stop David was getting high right before important missions, but with that busybody gone, David was free to do as he pleased. \"It looks so bright! Hee hee,\" David giggled, then roared with pleasure as his ship appeared to pull a 360 stunt like a pro skater. Was that a black hole he was about to fall into? David couldn't bring himself to care as he entered a dimension of numbers and letters and equations. It was a dimension where up equaled down, and chocolate wasn't a food, but a theology. David never wanted to leave. The effect was wrecked when a human version of HAL 9000 suddenly appeared inside the cockpit. \"Feed me,\" it commanded. David fed it a knuckle sandwich, sending the being right out the window and into the dark abyss where only nightmares may enter. David was tempted to jump into the abyss as well, but he had standards. Trying to get the pod to fly somewhere else, David jumped in his seat as a large meteor made of purple energy raced past, leaving behind a trail of cosmic dust. David sneezed. \"My god, there are so many stars, and in case you were wondering, I am totally not drunk at all,\" David rambled to himself semi-coherently, not realizing that he had accidentally elbowed the button that transmitted his words to a building back on earth. \"Dear lord,\" one of the scientists at the base complained. \"He is totally drunk, or worse.\" All the scientists lowered their heads in shame, knowing that they would have to quit their jobs; it was far too embarrassing working under such incompetent astronauts. Back in the ship, David rummaged through the duffel bag he had brought with him to the pod. After a bit of fishing, he found what he had been searching for – a mirror! David wanted to make sure that his handsome complexion hadn't lessened during the trip. Taking a glance at himself, David dropped the mirror. His eyes had turned solid black! Crying, David turned to the window, where something very scenic was happening. It appeared that his ship was flying over a lava-filled region, only the lava was neon green, and the clouds were blue. David was sure that if he could only get a cup of coffee, the trip would end. And just as suddenly as the phenomena started, the pod seemed to ease to a stop. David dashed to the hatch, and jumped out of the pod. Falling to his knees, he began to kiss the ground in order to show his gratitude at seeing it again. 'Who knew that the sensation of my feet touching a carpet could ever feel so good?\" As David began to rub his cheek sensually against the carpet, he paused. Why was he on a carpet in the middle of space? Standing back up cautiously, David took in his surroundings. He was in some kind of old-style Victorian room. There were some desks, red blinds that covered the windows, and the fanciest bed he had ever laid eyes on. It could belong to a five-star hotel. David turned around to exit the door, only there was no door. There was, however, a slightly older version of himself near the furthest corner of the wall. The older version was beginning to bald, and was also wearing a space suit. David felt very conscious of the fact that it was impossible to meet yourself in space. \"I think I need something to eat,\" David decided, and found himself in a dining room. More of the red drapes covered the many windows in the large room, and there was a circular wooden table set in the center. A large platter of junk food lay steaming on the table, and David found that he was perfectly fine with this. He had always kept secret that he had a sweet tooth. Not caring that he was suddenly wearing a ratty suit that once belonged to Frank, David shoved a spoonful of chocolate cake. A bit of chocolate cream fell on the pants of his suit, but David shrugged it off. He could always get some loser to clean it off. As soon as he was done devouring the final sweets, he downed the food with a goblet filled with the most sugary drink his taste buds had ever been acquainted with. Patting his belly, David regained his composure and shouted, \"Where am I?\" Only he didn't shout, because his vocal cords have shriveled up with age. David was now an elderly man who couldn't stand up by himself, so he stayed in bed for most of the day. \"Oh, the life that I have lived was grand. I have no regrets, except for the fact that I never got to visit Italy,\" David moaned. The black monolith suddenly appeared in the room, not even bothering to announce its own presence with some kind of teleporting sound effect. \"Let me touch you. Please, let a dying old man do as he pleases,\" David wheezed as he rolled out of bed like Sonic the Hedgehog, and continued to roll towards the black object. The monolith fired a bright beam of light at David, and he felt it enter his body through any crevice it could. David felt like a baby. He also felt like he could hold the planet in his hands. Perhaps it was because he was now a planet-sized baby. Huh. His parents would sure be shocked, and he could lord this over some of his ex-girlfriends. Breathing in space was apparently also a thing he could do now, so he didn't even need to go back home. He could stay in the outer limits of the universe for as long as he wanted, or at least until he felt the craving for a snack! He felt like a god! It was amazing. \"Hello, David.\" David paused, his face paling as he recognized the voice. HAL couldn't be here! No way! David slowly began to wail in a high-pitched baby's voice, and his tears drowned the earth. HAL always won. The End So yeah. That was fun! I was considering writing a sequel that adapted the second film, but...eh, that film isn't as good anyway, and there is less to tease. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this parody, and I hope that you check out my other stories, or future ones I may write. *bows* ","Summary":" About a bazillion years ago, somewhere on Earth, a bunch of primitive apes were searching for food "},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Building on top of the ashes","Author":"Lavender Meadow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10785879","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Smoke. Fire. Death. Horses. The end of the world. Her parents… oh, her parents. Ariadne. Riding… riding fast. Cassia hung on for dear life. Coughing…speed. Eyes closed, she held on to her savior with all her might. The horse was so fast, she had to cling on to him. Him . She couldn't have spoken more than 500 words to him, yet she trusted him completely, this quiet man she was clinging on to with all her might. So fast. It was make her rather dizzy. Cassia was aware of slowing down. Slowly, the world stopped spinning by. Milo stopped the horse and jumped down. Then he grabbed her around her waist and slid her down. \"Are you alright\"? he asked her. Opening up her eyes, she looked up into his. Warm, brown, and kind. \"Yes, I think so,\" she replied, blushing slightly. He put his hand under her arm and motioned her to sit down. They had stopped near a stream, under some trees. He guided the horse to the stream to let him drinking, patting him and giving him encouraging words. Then he turned to Cassia. \"Come, you need to drink.\" She obligingly cupped some water with her hands and raised it to her mouth. It was cool. He knelt down and did the same. \"Are you okay?\" she asked him, sitting back and peering over at him. \"Yes,\" he said, shyly looking at her. \"I don't think our horse is, though. He needs to rest.\" \"So do you,\" she said to him softly, touching his hand. He grabbed her offered hand and looked to the west, to the inferno in the distance. She followed his gaze. \"Is it the end of the world?\" she asked in a small voice. He shuddered, considering. What horrors they had seen that day. Fire, water, and rocks. Her parents. Atticus… \"I don't think so,\" he replied, squeezing her hand. They had traveled 30 miles already. Once the horse had rested a couple hours, they would continue. \"I trust you.\" He gave a start and looked over at her, her face so guileless and hopeful. \"I barely know you at all, yet I trust you,\" she continued in a small voice. Milo sighed and cupped her face with his palm. \"I will do my very best for you,\" he said. \"We will be safe.\"[Chapter 2] Note: I've realized that the fact that the whole \"Pompeii\" world being set in ancient Rome presents some problems. For example, can they stop at an inn? Can they go to a restaurant? How do they get around – just riding horses around? Litters? I've decided to sort of \"move\" the setting to medieval/renaissance Europe. Basically, I want to concentrate on the emotional/personal aspect than doing a lot of research on ancient Rome. They continued on past Miseno, ending up in the outskirts of Cassino, which lay on the northern frontier of the Kingdom of Naples. Nearing the city, the horse stopped to a trot. Holding onto Milo's waist, Cassia was acutely aware of the bands of muscle across his stomach, his strong back holding up as a bulwark against the horrors of hours before. She pressed her nose against him, breathing in the smell of sweat, ash, and horses. Cassia, otherwise involved in smelling Milos back, felt his back tense slightly as he sat up straighter. The horse came to a halt. \"What's this, then?\" she heard a man sneer. \"Some escaped slaves? \" She peered up at the front of the road. A band of five men barred the way, standing across the cobbled street. The ringleader, a brown-haired intemperate man in worn brown cloak, eyed Milo. \"Let us pass,\" said Milo firmly, in a husky voice. \"We mean you no harm.\" \"So says a would-be gladiator and his whore!\" said another man. \"Let's have a look at her, then - come on, love. Show us your assets!\" The man had tried to grab her leg, but was stopped by Milo, whose hand clamped down on the man's wrist, forcing the grubby hand from her calf. \"Let her alone!\" cried Milo. \"What do you want?\" He was wary, feeling Cassia tighten her grip around his waist. He shuddered. \"Why, your horse, of course,\" said the first man, and pushed Milo down from the horse onto the cobbled stone. He punched Milo in the gut, hard. \"If not, I'll take your woman and the horse, for all she looks like a charwoman.\" Milo recovered himself and stood in front of the horse, glaring at the man with bright eyes. \"Do not touch her!\" he cried. Another man ran at him with a small dagger, slashing at Milo's his left arm. Milo, filled with rage, regarded the man. Milo was angry and bleeding, but, spite of it all, he…thought. He generally just beat the other man up in the gladiator's pit. That's what he did – what he knew. Without anyone cheering him on to fight to the death, however, he considered what how to act. It was a strange sensation – not just following orders. However, Milo glanced at the horse. Exhausted and worn out, the horse needed several days' rest to be useful again. They needed another one. However, they were beyond the nightmarish eruption as to not be in danger. And Cassia… Milo had no weapon whatsoever. If he fought them, they would win. Then they would rape her. That he would not allow, under any circumstances. The thought made his blood run cold. Arm bleeding badly, he forced himself to stand up. He looked to ringleader in the face. \"If I let you have the horse, will you let us go?\" Another man piped up, this one older. \"If you rape the woman and murder him, the watch will come after us. They'll throw us all in jail again and hang us. It's not worth it!\" The ringleader thought a minute. \"Aye, alright. Take your woman and go.\" Milo breathed deeply, turned around, and reached up to take Cassia around the waist and pull her down. Her hands were shaking, and she leaned on him for support. Milo patted the horse, murmuring thanks. \"Oh, come on, I just want to bit of a feel, love!\" said the younger man, reaching out to Cassia. She flinched. Milo turned on the man with such a penetrating, menacing glare that he instantly stepped back, backing off. Holding Cassia firmly around the waist, bicep bleeding, he began walking the half-mile to the city walls, not looking back.[Chapter 3] Milo and Cassia walked into the town. It was bustling and vibrant. As she walked through the streets, she looked at the merchants stalls – meat hung from hooks in front of one shop, in front of another, leather gloves and other goods, in front of another, dyed cloth. She felt herself breath more easily, watching a father and son laugh together as they readied the stall for the day. Maybe life would go on. Then she glanced a Milo, struggling to keep up next to her. She gripped his hand and now and again found herself gripping him around the waist. This was not to any amorous purpose, however attracted she was to him. Milo had lost a lot of blood. She had torn some of the cloth from her skirt to wrap around the wound where the ringleader of the bandits had slashed Milo's left arm. It had helped to stanch the bleeding. Now, though, she saw blood beginning to seep through the bandage. Taciturn, insufferable Milo had insisted he was alright. Cassia was not so sure. He looked pale, surely paler than he had been before. \"Milo, you must rest!\" said Cassia. \"We are safe and alive, but you are hurt.\" Her lower lip trembled and he looked down at her with warm brown eyes. \"I am fine,\" he replied, cupping her cheek with his right palm. His face belied his words, however. \"At least sit down and let me check your arm,\" she pressed. There was a clean bale of hay sitting alongside the road. \"No, I'm fine. I just need to…\" \"Pretty flowers for a pretty lady!\" Cassia found a boy of around ten or so standing in front of her, holding out a small bunch of wildflowers. \"Just ten pence!\" Cassia smiled at him. \"I'm so sorry, but we haven't any money.\" None at all, Cassia reflected dejectedly. \"Well then, you may have them anyway, my dear,\" said a woman who must have been his mother, coming to stand next to him with a smile. \"I know I shouldn't, and my husband won't be happy, but you do look like you could use something to cheer you.\" Cassia smiled warmly. \"Thank you.\" The woman's smile faltered as he looked at Milo. \"What's wrong with your man, then?\" Milo was indeed becoming unsteady, swaying a little bit. He was paler and his wound was seeping. \"We were attacked by a band of men as we came into town. They stole our horse.\" Milo's hand pressed into Cassia's own. Cassia gazed at him – was he reproaching himself? \"We mean you no trouble, mistress,\" rasped Milo. \"We don't mean to inconvenience you.\" He was swaying again. \"Nonsense! Where do you come from, if I may….\" Milo had fainted in the street. Cassia bent over him in horror, the woman standing behind her.[Chapter 4] Milo awoke suddenly and started, feeling his arm burn. Someone was touching him. Startled, he looked up and saw a monk hovering over him, poking at his arm. \"Hello, friend,\" said a short, slightly portly monk with a jolly face and white hair, smiling down at him. \"Back with us, I see…\" \"Where am I? \"At the monastery of Monte Cassino,\" he replied. \"I am Brother Anselm, a Franciscan brother and healer here.\" He continued examining his arm, unwrapping the bloody fragments of Cassia's skirt. \"Cassia!\" he said with a start, trying to sit up. \"Where is she?\" Big hands pushed him back down on the bed. \"Peace, the lady is well! She is sitting in the common room down the hall. I just wanted to examine you quietly first before letting her in.\" Milo relaxed and leaned back. \"Well, let's see what we have then, shall we\"? He finished unwrapping his arm and began prodding some more. Milo closed his eyes and bit his lip. His head was swimming. Where was Cassia again? \"Well, my son, you have a rather bad laceration on your upper bicep, probably made by a dagger, as I suspect you are already well aware. I shall clean out the wound, stitch it, and pray you don't get a fever.\" \"Thank you,\" said Milo, not at all used to being treated so generously. \"And when you're feeling a bit better, possibly tomorrow, you can bathe and we'll get you a fresh set of clothes.\" He got up to look over his medical supplies. \"I don't want to trouble you at all, brother,\" said Milo quietly. The monk glanced at him sideways. \"Nonsense. We are all equally God's children, are we not?\" He left for the door. \"And now, I'll bring the lady in and my assistant.\" \"Milo!\" exclaimed Cassia as she came into the room. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine, I'm fine,\" he replied, taking her hand in his. \"The monks just need to stitch me up, that's all. Please don't worry for me.\" \"Don't worry – you fainted in the street! Signora Rossi's husband and son brought you here.\" \"Please sit, my lady,\" said Brother Anselm to Cassia, motioning her to sit in a chair. She was followed by another monk. \"You are the Signor's wife?\" he asked. Cassia looked at Milo on the bed, who looked back at her with intense eyes, the pain from his wound showing in his face. \"I'm…\" she began. \"I'm… his betrothed.\" \"Ah! Congratulations to you both!\" Milo stared back at Cassia with a questioning gaze. There was time enough later, thought Cassia, to sort out everything when he was well. \"Now, Milo here has a bad gash in his upper arm. I shall need to clean out the wound and stitch it.\" \"Clean it out how, Brother Anselm?\" asked Cassia innocently. Milo cringed. He was not going to let Cassia see him moan in agony while alcohol was poured on the wound to clean it. Having flesh stitched was nothing compared to the white hot agony of alcohol being poured onto slashed flesh. True, it did help to lessen fever and inflammation, but the poor girl didn't need to see that. \"I shall have to pour boiling wine into the wound. Come, sit and hold his other hand for him. Be here for him.\" He motioned to the chair next to the bed. \"No, please,\" said Milo to the monk. \"Please, make her go from the room. She doesn't need to see any of this.\" Cassia gave him a withering look. \"Nonsense! If you two intend to marry, you must get used to tending each other in sickness and in health! Mutual comfort, you know!\" \"Exactly!\" said Cassia, plopping down on the chair next to his bed. Milo scowled at her, beginning to protest. She cut him off, putting her hand on his forehead with gentleness. \"Come now, my dear, let him tend you.\" She gave him a loving look, and he gave up. He couldn't fight both of them. Milo let Cassia hold his hand. The other monk brought in some boiled wine and handed it to Brother Anselm. Then, he stood to grab Milo's bad arm by the wrist to hold him down firmly. Obviously, he was used to performing this task. \"This will hurt, Milo, I won't lie,\" said Anselm. \"Lean on your lady for comfort. This will be quick.\" He nodded at his fellow monk. Cassia cringed as Milo's face contorted in pain. He grabbed her hand and squeezed hard. After about a minute, he began to relax. \"Okay there?\" she asked him, placing her hand on his cheek. His face was covering in sweat. He nodded at her, reticently looking in her eyes. The monk had him drink some brandy… and then some more. Then yet some more. \"Cassia?\" said Milo, his face flushed and eyes bright. \"Yes?\" \"You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.\" Cassia smiled slightly, glancing down at her outfit. She was dirty, dusty, and had Milo's blood on her. Her hair was… well, she's been better. \"Brother Anselm,\" said Cassia, \"I think you can begin stitching him now.\"[Chapter 5] Cassia walking along the corridor of the monastery. It was evening and she had left Milo a couple hours ago, finally asleep after being stitched up. The monks had provided her with hot water from a nearby hot spring and she had bathed in a large tin tub in her room. They had provided her with a type of soap and herbs to freshen herself. Her room, incidentally, was on the opposite side of the monastery where Milo's small chamber lay, in an area reserved for visiting nuns and other women. \"Ah, Signorina Cassia, the Compline bell will ring in few minutes. Will you join us?\" said Brother Stefano, the assistant of Brother Anselm. He seemed so young and earnest that she smiled. \"Certainly. Let me follow you,\" she replied. They walked along the corridor to the chapel. \"How is Milo?\" \"I have just left the gentlemen's room,\" he said. \"Signor Milo is sleeping peacefully and there is no sign of fever. I think he must be very lucky. He certainly seems to have a strong constitution.\" \"Yes, he does,\" she smiled. They turned into another corridor. \"My lady, I do not wish to pry, but do you come from Pompeii? You must have seen the huge cloud in the sky. You could scarcely have missed it,\" he began gingerly. Cassia did not know how to respond. She was too tired to come up with a brilliant lie. \"Yes, we escaped.\" \"Father Baroni, the abbot of this monastery, said he had chanced upon a messenger who mentioned what had happened there. The mountain itself spewing forth fire.\" He glanced sideways at Cassia. \"He mentioned that, if he didn't know better, he'd think this was the Almighty's punishment for the vice, slavery, and the evils of Rome.\" Cassia swallowed, trying to decide whether he could trust this man. He seems so sincere, she thought she could. \"There certainly seems to be a lot of travelers and meetings for a society of monks. Aren't you supposed to eschew the outside world?\" \"Well,\" smiled Brother Stefano, \"some monasteries are stricter than others.\" He glanced at her, nodding. \"It's true that I had my choice of monasteries to join. I am the third son of the Visconte de Mancini,\" he smirked, \"but don't hold that against me.\" Cassia heard the Compline bell toll just as they were walking into the chapel. She was motioned to kneel in a pew, alongside a couple visiting nuns. The chapel was serene. Candles illuminated frescos and sculptures that were hidden in the half-light. The most beautiful thing of all, however, was the chanting. The monks had lined up facing each other and were chanting – such hauntingly beautiful sounds that it made Cassia shiver. Cassia felt guilty. She knew she should be in an absolute state of shock and despair, with her parents, Ariadne, and the whole word seemingly gone up in a ball of flame and ash. However, she felt hopeful. She began to feel as if, somehow, everything would be okay. \"Please, oh please, let Milo be safe,\" she found herself praying. \"Don't let him die.\" Milo awoke at dawn. He gingerly tried to move his arm and found it hurt sharply, but was pleased to note that he did not feel any more ill than he had felt last night. \"How are you then, friend?\" Milo looked up and saw Brother Anselm smiling down at him. He felt a hand on his forehead. \"No fever, thank God,\" he stated. \"You may be out of the woods, my son.\" \"Cassia?\" asked Mio. His voice sounded husky. \"Your lady had been fast asleep these hours past. She bathed and received fresh clothes last night and went to Compline. It is yet dawn. Brother Anselm went about unwrapping the bandages on Milos's arm and investigated. \"There is no sign of inflammation. I am very pleased,\" he grinned. \"So am I,\" remarked Milo, with a hint of a smile. \"Do you feel yourself well enough to use a chamber pot?\" Milo looked at the ground, abashed. \"Yes, of course. I don't want to be a bother to you.\" \"Tsk, Tsk,\" clicked Brother Anselm with his teeth. \"Up you come.\" \"Do you feel well enough the bathe?\" \"Yes, I would like that,\" said Milo. Just to get the dirt and grime of the past couple days – gods, the past 15 years - off of him would feel pleasing. \"Wonderful,\" said Brother Anselm. \"I will have someone bring up a tub and get some hot water from our spring. Then, we shall find you a new outfit.\" When the water was brought up, Milo sat down in the bath. Brother Anselm had entreated him not to get his arm wet and had left him to bathe, promising to return in 15 minutes or so. Milo relaxed back in the bath. So much had happened over the past few days. Atticus – his first real friend – had died. Mount Vesuvius - how can a mountain spew forth fire? He hadn't thought such wanton destruction was possible. The cruelty of men, certainly. He had seen horrific brutality over his past 15 years as a slave to believe humans were capable of almost everything. But a mountain? And Cassia. Just when he had thought that all people in this land were incapable of goodness, Cassia had appeared. Although he had first laid eyes on her when he was in irons, he felt, somehow, that he was equal to his radiant creature. She told him thank you . She had looked at him with such beautiful eyes when she had said it to him… He felt himself blushing. His betrothed , was she? Well, maybe she was… at least, he wasn't about to let her forget she had said that. Not a chance. \"Shall I wash your back?\" Milo, startled, looked up and saw Brother Anselm standing over him. That was another thing. He had been flogged not two days past. He had gingerly not gotten the wounds wet, but knew they had to be cleansed. \"I know you've been flogged, if that's what you're worried about,\" he said quietly. \"I noticed last night in taking off your shirt. Do not be troubled.\" Milo stared at the water, totally dismayed. \"Why are you being so kind to me? Truly – why?\" asked Milo. Brother Anselm sighed and sat down on a low stool in front of Milo. \"Well, he began, \"first of all, I believe that in helping others, in serving others, I serve Christ. Also,\" he stared directly at Milo now, \"I have been flogged myself. I have been beaten myself. I was maybe not a slave,\" he glanced sideways at Milo, \"but I have been practically treated as such. I know that, in some places such as Rome, the evil of slavery persists. But Milo, \"he looked down at him, \"it is evil, to treat our fellow man like that. No one has any right. And… I think there is more good in this world than you know.\" Brother Anselm washed Milo's back for him.[Chapter 6] Cassia awoke with a start. Someone was knocking on her door. \"Who's there? What do you want?\" She sat up swiftly and pulled the covers over her chest. She reached and grabbed the candlestick on the nightstand. \"I'm warning you - what do you want!\" The door opened and Cassia was never so surprised in her life. \"It's just me,\" said Milo, poking his head around the door. Cassia just sat there, mouth opening, staring at him. Milo walked into the room and quietly shut the door. He had bathed and wore a forest-green doublet with new boots. In truth, she thought he looked quite fetching. She collected herself. \"Milo! Sit down!\" She reached out to drag him down onto the bed. \"Where's Brother Anselm?\" She moved to get up, but was pushed back down on the bed by a large hand on her shoulder. \"I'm fine, really – no! Really I am, Cassia.\" He reached up and put his good hand on her cheek. \"Brother Anselm let me come.\" She took a sharp intake of breath and felt tears pricking at her eyes. Against all reason, being ten seconds earlier scared to death of his health, Cassia suddenly flung herself at him and sobbed. Milo gave a sharp intake of breath and flinched, giving a slight moan. \"Oh, I'm sorry!\" she exclaimed, backing away, wrapping her arms around herself. \"I thought you might die!\" She trembled, exhaling. \"No, Cassia!\" Milo reached for her again. \"Cassia? Look at me.\" He put his hands on either side of her face, staring at her gently and intently, wiping a tear away gently from her cheek with his callused finger. She tried to look away but couldn't, his eyes intent on her face. \"\"I'm fine – I've had much worse wounds, truly.\" Big brown eyes glanced at her lips and quickly flitted back into her eyes, so quickly that Cassia wasn't sure if it really happened. He smiled and moved closer to her, warms hands softly cradling each side of her face. \" We're fine,\" Milo whispered, as he suddenly put his mouth on hers. Cassia sat motionless for a couple seconds, her mind trying to catch up with her heart. As he moved his lips against hers, she felt herself give way, lips moving against his. Her hands reached up and grabbed his hair, freshly washed. He smelled intoxicating, with a scent that was herbs and sweat and him . Cassia felt off balance, both far way and very close, at the same time. She dug her hands into his hair and, quite unwittingly, found herself nudging her tongue against his lips demanding entrance. That seemed to ignite a passion in him. He grasped her firmly with his left hand and she found herself being pressed against the pillows of the headboard, being kissed deeply. She swore she could feel the beat of his heart against hers. Cassia reached for him more firmly and… \"Ahh!\" Milo screamed, pulling back and sitting upright on the bed, his face white. She had inadvertently latched onto his left bicep in her passion and squeezed. Hard. \"Oh, I'm so sorry!\" Cassia was beside herself, grasping his right hand in hers. He glanced over at her with a hint of a smile, the pain lessening. \"Aye, I'm alright. I just hope we haven't ripped any stitches.\" Suddenly, the door burst open. \"Jesu, what happened?\" A small nun had rushed in, out of breath. She looked quite put out. \"I heard a noise, and…\" She took note of Milo, sitting on the bed gingerly. \"What are you doing in the room?\" Brother Anselm suddenly appeared behind her. \"Peace, Sister Teresa,\" he said. \"It is all right.\" He moved over to Milo. \"Did you rip your stitches?\" \"I'm not sure,\" replied Milo, glanced at him, abashed. \"Well, come, and leave the lady dress.\" He put his hand on Milo's shoulder and escorted him firmly to the door. Glancing back at Sister Teresa's pursed lips, he smiled at her apologetically and said, \"Well, they are betrothed.\" She followed them out and shut the door. Cassia just sat on the bed, reflecting on what had just happened.[Chapter 7] Milo sat in the common room, sipping some ale. After being admonished good-naturedly by Brother Anselm (a few stitches had ripped, requiring re-suturing), he was ordered to take it easy the rest of the day, with \"no more strenuous activity,\" Brother Anselm had told him, with a wink and a pat on the back. Drat it – was the man a monk or the town gossip? The ale was good. The common room was close to the kitchen and Milo could hear the flurry of pots and pans clanging in preparation for the evening meal. He could smell fresh bread baking and his mouth began to water. The pain from his wound was now but a dull ache, but he sipped some more ale, wishing it was a little stronger. After the meal, he decided, he would ask Brother Anselm for either something stronger or some herbs to help him relax and sleep. The room began to fill now for the meal. Monks filed into the room and began to sit a long trestle tables, chattering amongst themselves. Not for the first time, Milo marveled at the monks' gregariousness. Not that he objected, not at all. It was nice to see social interaction that did not end up with someone having to kill someone else at some future time. Out of the corner of his eye, Milo saw Cassia come into the room, carrying two bowls covered with cloths. She set down one bowl on one end of a table and turned to place the other one further down the other end. She caught Milo's eye and smiled shyly, her eyes warm. Milo grinned back at her. She gave him one last look and went back into the kitchen. Milo felt himself blushing and his breeches tighten. Gods he wanted her - badly. Her hair was so beautiful, nut-brown and cascading down her back in waves. Her smile and was sweet and kind and not condescending at all. He barely knew her, but he also felt like he'd known her all his life. He didn't want to frighten her, though. He felt as though one wrong move would release Cassia from her dream and she'd suddenly realize she'd ran away with a slave. Deep down, he knew he didn't deserve her. Likely, most of those in Rome would agree with him. \"Are you well, Milo?\" said Brother Anselm, breaking Milo out of his reverie. He and Brother Stefano sat down across the table from him. \"Yes, I feel much better. The pain is less,\" replied Milo, placing a hand gingerly on his arm. \"Excellent!\" smiled Anselm, taking a drink of ale. \" You , my friend, have a very strong constitution, you know that? If an ox tried to do battle with you, I would fear for the ox.\" Milo grinned. How little they knew. \"Really, though, Milo, how did you get such built muscles?\" said Stefano, wistfully. \"I confess myself totally jealous. I could farm the fields from morning until night and carry 50 pails of water a day and never get arms such as yours.\" Milo glanced between both men, who were looking at him expectedly. \"Well, Brother,\" he began, staring at Stefano, a wry looking on his face, eyes with a hint of mischief. \"I carried oxen around. Those are heavy buggers, you know.\" Milo glanced at Anselm quickly with a smile and then back at Stefano. \" Carried oxen. Why ever would you do that!\" \"Well, Brother… sometimes an ox would tire from ploughing the fields and we'd have to carry them for a while until they were well again.\" Anselm made a quick snort of laughter. \"Well,\" sputtered Stefano, totally confused. \"It that a common sort of thing to do, then?\" Anselm put his hand over his mouth tried to stifle his giggles. \"Oh, yes,\" said Milo, eyes twinkling, \"Ox-carrying is quite a common chore.\" Stefano pondered whether he'd ever read anything like that before. Not being able to contain themselves, both Milo and Brother Anselm burst out laughing. Stefano looked totally confused. \"Milo is teasing, Stefano! Really, why would he carry an ox around?\" Stefano was half-embarrassed and half-amused. \"I don't know, do I? I've never worked on a farm.\" \"Milo, Stefano is the third son of the Viscount de Mancini. He wouldn't know an ox if one came up and bit him on his arse.\" Stefano smiled and took a drink of ale. He was rather good-natured about the whole thing, really, thought Milo. \"Whose arse got bitten by an ox?\" said Cassia, smiling, sitting down next to Milo. \"Isn't that rather painful?\" All three men exploded with laughter. Cassia just stared at them like they'd lost their minds. \"Um, never mind,\" replied Milo, smiling over at her, face red from laughter. Cassia smiled back indulgently. \"But really, try some bread,\" she told them, \"it's very good.\" All three obligingly tried a piece. The rest of the meal was brought out presently. Trying to change the subject, Anselm said \"Milo, really, though, what can you do? If you intend to stay here with us for a time, I'm sure you'd like to contribute. What do you know how to do?\" Milo glanced over at Cassia with a slight smile in his eyes. Then, he looked at Anselm. \"I know horses.\" \"Really?\" asked Stefano. \"Oh, Milo's an expert with horses, he's amazing, truly he is, \"said Cassia, pride in her voice. Cassia reached over and took Milo's hand under the table. Milo, a blush rising in his cheeks, squeezed back in gratitude. \"But that's truly providential – our head groom, Brother Alonzo, left us two weeks ago!\" said Anselm, grinning from ear to ear. \"I will have a word with the abbot after the meal. That is excellent.\" After the meal, Anselm and Stefano left the table. Milo had to admit he was pleasantly surprised to have the chance of working with horses again. Walking out of the common room with Cassia, he turned to her, smiling, \"Lady Cassia,\" he began, taking her hand and bringing it to his lips, \"may I have the pleasure of your company tomorrow? To take a walk outside and maybe look at the horses?\" Milo still held her hand and looked up into her eyes, his own bright and shining with a hint of shyness. \"Of course, my lord,\" she replied, looking quickly down at the floor and back up at him, \"it would be my pleasure.\" Cassia kissed his cheek lightly and smiled into his eyes. ","Summary":" Smoke. Fire. Death. Horses. The end of the world. Her parents… oh, her parents. Ariadne. Riding… ri"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Quod Amor per mortem","Author":"Medieval-Mystique","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10414018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue \"Emperor Titus is certainly popular,\" Ariadne commented as she walked around the perimeter of the large marble room with her mistress. The floor was decorated with an intricate mosaic showing the proud eagle of Rome, Cassia's bright hazel eyes flecked with tints of green stared at the eagle, her lips almost curled in disdain but she managed to keep her face passive. She followed Ariadne's gaze over to the emperor who was being offered a selection of meat, fruits and wine by people begging his attention. She quickly looked away as her eyes accidentally met the gaze of a Roman Senator and she pointed the mosaic out to Ariadne in an attempt to get her to move along. \"The pattern is quite intricate,\" she said moving to the head of the eagle and conveniently towards the balcony of the emperor's villa. Ariadne looked confused as she found herself tugged away from the crush of people and out into the cool night air. \"Are you alright?\" She asked Cassia in concern, \"you have gone awfully pale…\" \"I am fine; I need a bit of fresh air that is all.\" \"I will go get you something to drink,\" Ariadne moved to shuffle back inside but Cassia reached out and latched onto her friend's arm with a tighter grip than she intended. Ariadne looked at Cassia in surprise but the woman had no chance to explain for the doorway was filled up by the person she had been trying to avoid. \"Lady Cassia what a pleasant surprise.\" Her right hand detached itself from Ariadne's slender arm, only to be clasped by Senator Corvus's hand. His cheeks were flushed from drink but his eyes were alert as he raised Cassia's slender hand to his lips. \"You,\" he waved at Ariadne, \"fetch your mistress a drink.\" \"I am afraid we were just leaving Senator.\" Cassia apologised as she carefully extracted her hand from his grasp. \"I am feeling a bit faint, Rome has certainly overwhelmed me.\" \"Then perhaps we shall meet again soon, I am having a gathering at my villa soon. Please accept my invitation, I should be glad to know you better.\" Cassia smiled and was relieved that she was saved from answering by a passing shout. Clasping Ariadne's arm she hurried from the villa. \"We should return to Pompeii,\" she said as they ducked through a line of slaves, \"I am tired of the city and I miss my parents.\" And the further I am from Corvus the better. She thought to herself, she looked over her shoulder to see the Senator's eyes fixated on her. He raised his goblet in a silent toast, a strange smile playing upon his lips.[Chapter 2] Chapter One Cassia knelt beside the bodies of her parents and choked back a sob, around her the sounds of rocks crashing from the sky were muffled by the deathly silence of the stadium. The ground still trembled but the fear had gone from her veins, what did it matter if she died now? For a brief second all thoughts of Milo perished. All she could focus on was the body of her mother, crushed beneath a beam of the stadium. Her eyes slowly trailed to her father, it took her a few minutes to realise his death had not been an accident. Corvus , her hands clenched into fists as her vision was overwhelmed with the dried blood caking her father's tunic. I hope he burns , she silently prayed. The Gods cannot possibly let a man such as he escape this! She was so focused on her hate, on her grief, that she didn't hear the approach of footsteps. She felt a presence behind her, strong and menacing, and she knew without turning who it would be. \"How could you?\" She hissed refusing to turn around and meet his gaze. She could feel his green eyes staring at her intently, but she didn't trust herself to look at him. \"It was unfortunate but your father tried to kill me. It was purely self-defence.\" \"You threatened him! You threatened all of us,\" Cassia hissed, \"he was defending us!\" She could not blame her father for trying to kill the Senator; his words of breaking her still rang clearly through her ears. I thought if I left Rome I would be free from him, I am such a fool. A hand grasped her arm and pulled her roughly to her feet. \"Unfortunately I am unable to give you time to mourn your foolish parents, the gods obviously brought me back here to find you.\" He ignored her protests and picked her up as if she were nothing more than a moth. \"Put me down!\" Cassia kicked against the Senator but her sandaled feet were useless against the armour he was clothed in. She didn't care that a scattering of Roman soldiers were sniggering as she was dumped unceremoniously in a chariot. \"You had best make yourself comfortable; it's a long way to Rome my dear.\" Corvus shackled her wrist to the chariot and stepped on, desperately Cassia looked around. Milo, he is here somewhere. Stall Corvus! But before she could think of a way to stall him she heard a voice ring out through the stadium. \" CORVUS !\" Hope flared through her veins and she pulled herself into a sitting position as she saw Milo running towards them. \"A thousand denarius to the man who brings me the head of that slave!\" \"No!\" Cassia cried out as the Roman soldiers advanced, swords raised, towards Milo. But her shout was drowned out by the thundering hooves of the horses as Corvus struck them into a gallop. Desperately she pulled at the shackle which was chained to the chariot, it was tight on her wrist but she was sure she could work it free. Overhead the sky thickened with plumes of smoke, great balls of fire shot across and smashed into the earth. He will get us both killed! Cassia thought as she tried to keep her panic at bay. Fighting back the urge to scream she frantically looked around for a way to free herself. Her free hand began to scrabble at the wooden panels of the chariot, they were beginning to crumble from the impact of Corvus's erratic driving and she managed to pick at them. Every few seconds she would glance over her shoulder to see if Corvus was aware of her attempted escape, but he was focused solely on the horses and preventing them from crashing. Her eyes scanned the distance trying to see if Milo was following, she tried not to focus on his lack of appearance. \"Yes!\" She whispered as she broke a piece of wood free and began to pick at the lock, as she freed her hand she carefully stood up and moved to take the reins from Corvus. Her hands slipped along the reigns as she tried to grab them from him, but the Senator was stronger than her and used to surprises. With a flick of his wrist he sent Cassia sprawling back onto the chariot floor with a pained cry. The sound of the hooves thundering broke through the darkness; a dull throbbing pain began to intensify as Cassia forced her eyes open. The vision which assaulted her eyes made her retch and she turned away so that she was facing Corvus's legs. Behind them the mountain was still spewing thick plumes of heavy black smoke, but something was rolling across the land. Something thick, fast and radiating an intense heat that she was sure she could feel even from this distance. There was no evidence of the city, Pompeii had been swallowed by the black mass. Milo? The name crept into her mind and she forced herself to sit up and look over her shoulder, desperately her eyes swept across the land but there was no speck riding towards them. Gradually the chariot began to slow down, thoughts of rolling off the chariot and onto the grass flickered into Cassia's mind. But she was too tired to act on the impulse, tears trickled from her eyes and she rubbed at them vigorously but she only succeeded in grinding ash further into them. The chariot lurched to a halt and shuddered as Corvus stepped down. Roughly he pulled Cassia to her feet, making her gasp as she poked herself in the eye. She tried to pull free but Corvus's hands were wrapped around her upper arms in a bone-crushing grip. \"I will not tolerate disobedience from you.\" He hissed, \"Your slave is dead. No one left in Pompeii could have survived that ,\" he nodded towards the sea of heat and Cassia closed her eyes trying to stop the tears from flowing. \" Look at your precious Pompeii. Your parents will rot there for eternity; your slave will rot there. This is the fate of those who defy Rome. Open your eyes .\" Cassia opened her eyes; she could barely tell where Pompeii lay, all she could see was a sea of fire. Do not think about Milo…he has survived life as a gladiator he could still be alive. \"When do we reach Rome?\" Cassia asked bitterly, she managed to keep her voice steady. \"Two days, perhaps less. The horses are fast, I shall give them a chance to rest and then we shall resume our journey. Once we have reached Rome I will be gracious and give you a few days to mourn your parents, after that we shall wed.\" \"I am not going to marry you,\" Cassia spat, \"I will tell the Emperor how you murdered my father! How you have abducted –\" \" Abducted you? Cassia I have saved you, you foolish child. Had I not sent you to the villa you would have been crushed alongside your mother, had I not found you beside your parents you would have died. You did not have to hear the screams as we left Pompeii –\" \"I heard the screams!\" Cassia hissed finding the strength to pull herself free, \"I watched my friend die as the villa you so kindly locked me up in crumbled into the sea! You killed her just as you killed my parents; it is only by some cruel trickery of the gods that I find myself at your mercy.\" Cassia spat at Corvus's feet, \"I am not a fool. The only reason I have not tried to run is because you have four horses.\" She thought Corvus would be angry but instead he laughed and pulled her close. \"I admire your spirit.\" Cassia winced as he wound his hand into her already knotted hair. Her nose wrinkled at the musky smell of sweat which radiated from Corvus. You probably do not smell much better, she thought as she looked down at her torn and filthy clothes. She moved away from Corvus unable to stand the smell for long. \"There is a lake close by, perhaps you would care to join me and wash?\" \"I would rather rot,\" Cassia retorted. She had no intentions of baring herself to him. She sat defiantly on the grass and drew her knees up to her chest, she kept her eyes focused on the lake that he had mentioned which was conveniently in the opposite direction of Pompeii. She couldn't bring herself to stare at her former home. I truly thought I would be safer in Pompeii than in Rome…is this my fault? She swiped the back of her hand across her eyes, at the fresh sting of ash she carefully made her way down to the lake and washed her arms, face and hands so at least she would not push more of the dirt and grit into her eyes. She looked over her shoulder and saw Corvus was busy securing the horses to a tree, could she quickly bathe and dress before he noticed? You have nothing to dry yourself with, a voice pointed out. She stared down at her reflection and flinched, no longer caked in dirt her skin was a deathly pale except. Even in her distorted reflection she could see that her eyes were red and swollen, her face puffy from the ash she had inhaled and choked on. \"What are you doing?\" Cassia demanded as Corvus hauled her to her feet and dragged her back to the carriage. \"You were wise enough to point out that you would not escape while I had four horses.\" He calmly held her wrists above her head and looped the shackle through the chariots rim so he could shackle both her hands in place. \"This way I can bathe in peace and not come back to find my horses and chariot missing.\" Cassia spat at him angrily, feeling a mixture of grim satisfaction and laughter bubbling up inside of her as she watched her spittle slide down his cheek. It left a pale streak through his dirt caked face. \"I truly will enjoy breaking this spirit of yours,\" he laughed coldly as he shed his cloak and draped it over the chariot. \"Be a good girl and make sure thieves do not steal my clothes now.\" Cassia turned away as he proceeded to undress and found herself unable to stare at anything other than Pompeii. As the sound of his footsteps retreating greeted her ears she saw he had done this on purpose. Shackled to the chariot she not only couldn't escape, but she was stuck facing the destruction of her home. It is my fault…I angered the gods… Fresh tears stung her eyes as she thought of Milo, she could only pray he had escaped but after the events of the day she was beginning to lose her faith in the gods. The sun was sinking low into the sky, the air grew colder and unable to wrap her arms around herself Cassia began to shiver. Part of her wondered if Corvus had unhitched one of the horses and gone off to Rome alone but the sight of his clothes laying just before the chariot made her realise he had done no such thing. She wasn't sure if this reassured her or not. On the one hand if he had rode off then she would be free, on the other hand her freedom was being chained to a chariot with no hope of anyone coming to release her. She would surely starve. At least I would be with Milo ; she thought bitterly but instantly pushed the thought away. She could not believe he was dead. She had to keep telling herself that he was alive; even if it was futile…she could not lose all hope. She heard the Senator's heavy footsteps and she squeezed her eyes tightly shut so she wouldn't have to stare at his naked form. Even through her closed eyes she could see the burning city of Pompeii smothered in the fiery innards of the mountain. What had happened? The mountain had shaken many times in the past; she had grown up with those tremors. Never before had the earth split open and swallowed people whole. Never before had it spit liquid fire! \"There is no point in dwelling on this tragedy,\" Corvus scolded her as he unshackled her wrists. \"Refresh yourself and come straight back, I see no point in riding throughout the night. We will sleep here and begin our journey to Rome at sunrise.\" Cassia rubbed her shoulders which had begun to ache from their uncompromising position over the past few hours. Her eyes flicked towards the horses without thinking and she felt Corvus press the blade of his sword lightly against her neck. \"Do not think to try my patience further,\" he warned her and slowly sheathed his sword. Cassia made her way back down to the lake and scooped up a handful of water, the cool liquid felt refreshing against her parched throat. She wondered how much bad air she had inhaled, she was sure she could feel the water pushing down thick clumps of dirt and she worried about what it would do to her. Do not think about it, just drink. She made sure to be quick; she did not want the Senator coming down to fetch her. As she made her way back to the carriage one of the horses whinnied and began to paw at the ground. Without thinking she stepped over to it and held out her hands for it to sniff. \"I wish I knew how to speak to you like Milo,\" she sighed. \"To comfort you…\" The horse gently butted its head against her shoulder and Cassia smiled weakly, she rested her hand against its soft nose and studied it curiously. Each of the four horses had a glossy black coat, mane and tail. They had looked so ferocious when the Senator had abducted her, but now they looked vulnerable. She found herself winding her slender hand into the horse's mane, staring at the contrasting colours. Her skin was so pale it was almost translucent; it stood out against the horse's black mane. Could I outrun him? For a few seconds she considered pulling herself up onto the horses back, to gallop away. But she knew the Senator would outride her, he had most likely grown up on horseback whereas she had ridden mostly in carriages. She could ride, but not at the pace she would need to ride to escape. As the horse calmed she slowly detached her hand and forced herself to return to the chariot. She gasped as she found the Senator standing close behind her, a look of fury in his green eyes. \"I thought I instructed you to come straight back?\" \"The horse was frightened,\" Cassia strode past him refusing to meet his gaze. \"I thought it best to calm him rather than letting him work the others up into a frenzy.\" She was about to lie on the grass when the Senator pushed her into the chariot. Once more he shackled her wrist, but this time he only shackled one so her arms would not be tormented throughout the night. \"Wha –\" \"Forgive me for not trusting you but I am taking no chances.\" Corvus settled beside her in the carriage and swept his cloak over them as a makeshift blanket. \"Normally I would never presume to share a bed with you before we are wed, but this is hardly a bed and these are extraordinary circumstances.\" Cassia glared at him as he traced a finger lightly across her lips. If he tries to kiss me I will bite him , she thought half-hoping that he would try and kiss her. To cause him pain would give her great satisfaction. \"You really are quite beautiful when you are angry,\" he murmured huskily but said no more. Abruptly he turned so he was on his back, one arm behind his head, the other pulling her close. Too frightened to fall asleep Cassia instead stared up at the sky. She was sure she could see the flickerings of the fires within Pompeii but she knew she was being a fool. Pompeii was gone.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two Sunlight blinded Cassia as she slowly opened her eyes the next morning. The sky was surprisingly clear, and for a brief second she thought that perhaps the previous day had been a nightmare. As she moved to sit up the reality came crashing down on her and she winced as her shoulder protested at the new movement. The Senator was already up but had left his cape around her as a blanket. The thought of the Senator had her suddenly alert and she bolted upright kicking off his cape she began to pull at the shackles desperately. \"Do you really think that even if you were to free yourself you would be able to escape?\" The Senator was smiling coldly as he knelt down beside her and took her free hand in his large ones. \"Cassia my sweet you need to calm down, you have been through quite the ordeal and working yourself up like this will not help.\" She resisted the urge to spit at him, to swear at him. Instead she stopped pulling at the shackles and allowed herself to slump forwards submissively. Let him think you are giving up, give him time to let his guard down. \"Would you like me to unshackle you?\" Weakly she nodded unable to look at him and meet his gaze; she knew that if she looked into those smug green eyes she would strike out at him. As her hand was freed she rubbed at her chafed wrist and carefully climbed to her feet. \"Go down to the lake and freshen up while I finish cooking a fish. Once we have broken our fast we will begin our journey to Rome.\" Wordlessly Cassia made her way down to the small lake and refreshed herself. It took all her self-control to stop herself from stripping and plunging into the cool water, she had tried to wash herself as best she could but she was still caked in filth. Her hair was matted, her clothes torn and dirty. But she could not bring herself to bathe with the Senator so close, and what would she dry herself with? The sun was pleasantly warm and she longed to lounge in it whilst it dried her skin, but once again she thought of the Senator. She had no intentions of exposing herself to him. I slept in his arms , the thought struck her like a blow and she choked back a sob. What would her parents and Milo think of her? She looked over her shoulder to see if she was being watched, but the Senator was nowhere in sight. She let the tears flow, she did not want anyone in Rome to witness her grief nor did she wish for the Senator to see her like this. But she knew she would barely get time to herself once they had reached their destination, she could spend her time wallowing in grief when she would have to use every possible second plotting her escape. Once she was sure she had cried herself empty she splashed water onto her face, a few clumps of ash broke free from her hair and fell into the water. She watched mesmerised as they floated on the water's surface, bobbing lazily away from her. She could hear the soft crunch of grass being crunched under the Senator's feet and she forced herself to compose. \"I was beginning to think you had drowned.\" \"No. The gods have for some reason spared me…and while it may be for their mere amusement I am hardly about to go against their wishes and take my own life.\" Stonily Cassia pushed herself off the ground and turned to face the Senator. \"I was not suggesting you would be so drastic my sweet,\" the Senator gently rested a hand on her lower back and propelled her up the slope and towards the chariot where the aromatic smell of a fish cooking overwhelmed her. He gestured to the cape which he had laid on the ground but Cassia shook her head. \"Forgive me Senator but I find I have no appetite.\" She gasped as the Senator forced her onto her knees on the cape and smoothly knelt beside her. \"Do not try my patience Cassia,\" he warned slipping a slither of fish between her lips. \"You are lucky you did not kill us yesterday.\" \" Lucky ?\" Cassia spat bitterly, \"you think I am lucky? You murdered my parents and now you are abducting me!\" \"Do not be melodramatic,\" the Senator snapped as he began dividing the fish up between them. Cassia noticed how he gave himself a larger portion but she was thankful, she suddenly realised that she truly wasn't hungry. \"Your mother's death was a tragic accident one that I could have died in! I did not murder your father, as I have already told you he tried to kill me it was nothing more than self-defence. As for abducting you that is foolish.\" \"Then what do you call shackling me to a chariot?\" Cassia asked him waspishly, \"I do not want to go to Rome with you!\" \"You are too young to know what you want or what is best for you. I was hardly going to leave you in Pompeii and you did agree to become my wife.\" \"To protect my family, why should I marry you now that they are dead?\" \"You would go back on your word?\" Cassia bit her lip to stop herself retorting and turned to stare at the small fire, \"you will feel differently once we are in Rome. You will want for nothing and be able to mix with the finest people of society. Providing of course you learn your place.\" \"I have no place in Rome.\" In a desperate act of defiance she picked her portion of the fish up and threw it as far as she could. Let the birds have it, she thought with disdain. Exasperated the Senator pulled her towards the carriage and shackled her to it once more. \"I had hoped this would not be necessary,\" he growled at her as he reattached his cape and gathered the reins of the horses. \"We will ride until sunset, perhaps then you will appreciate the efforts I went to finding food for you.\" \"I would rather starve.\" \"Then you may do, but I will still be stopping at sunset. I have no intentions of weakening myself to satisfy you.\" Cassia squeezed her eyes tightly shut as he whipped the horses into a gallop. The thudding of the chariot was uncomfortable and as they galloped over uneven ground it took all her self-control not to cry out in pain when her shoulder felt as if it were being wrenched from its socket. Eventually the Senator joined one of the roads, but Cassia could not quite make out where they were. She was beginning to feel dizzy and sick, part of her wished she hadn't been so hasty and thrown the fish away but it was only a small part. She had truly meant it when she'd said she would rather starve. The chariot lurched to an abrupt halt and Cassia looked up confused as the Senator turned to hurriedly unshackle her. \"I thought you were not going to stop until sunset?\" She taunted as he pulled her to her feet. \"There are people ahead; I do not want whisperings about my bride being uncontrollable.\" \"There will be more than whisperings when we get to Rome.\" Cassia smiled sweetly but gasped as she was struck across the face, the impact was so hard she bit down on her tongue by accident and blood welled inside her mouth. She spat a mouthful of blood on the ground and faced the Senator with empty eyes. \"A bruise can be easily explained by your traumatic experience,\" he shrugged turning her around so that she faced forwards. The Senator pressed his front against her back so that she was trapped between him and the chariot, his chin rested on her head and he whipped the horses once more but this time had them go at a slower pace. As they drew closer to the people on the road curiosity got the better of Cassia and she found herself studying them intently. Many of them were in a similar state as she, their clothes were caked with dirt and many clutched crying children as they stumbled forwards. \"Senator stop, please.\" She begged him, \"these people may be from Pompeii – we may know some of them!\" She was desperately searching the crowd of people for a familiar face, for one in particular. But all she found were empty eyes and soot caked faces. The Senator ignored her pleas and instead urged the horses on faster. \"We should help them!\" Cassia tried to protest but he cut her off. \"How? We have no food, no water…all we have are the clothes we stand in. What can we possibly do?\" \"Offer them the horses!\" She was clutching at straws and the Senator laughed at her attempts. \"We are not stopping so you can pathetically attempt to find your slave my sweet. Just accept that he is dead, if my men failed then Vulcan surely would have succeeded.\" Cassia felt her legs grow weak and she gripped the edge of the chariot to stop herself from falling. The chariot was beginning to pick up speed as they raced past the stragglers, Cassia closed her eyes as the scenery began to blur together. Her hands clutched the chariot so tightly her knuckles shone white, she was afraid they would be paralyzed to the chariot by the time they finally stopped riding. The sun was beating down painfully hot; the breeze of the chariot did little to comfort Cassia but instead threw clumps of dirt and dust spraying against them. \"Senator please can we stop !\" She begged as her knees gave way, her body sagged but she was supported by the Senator's body crushing her against the chariot. She felt herself lifted up and laid on the soft grass, but even the grass offered her no respite from the heat. Her head pounded as if someone were throwing rocks in her brain, each time she tried to open her eyes all she could see were thick black spots. Something smooth was pressed against her lips and she drank greedily as water trickled down her throat. The water settled heavily in her stomach and did little to cure the weakness in her knees. \"We have to keep riding Cassia,\" the Senator growled as she collapsed back onto the ground. She didn't question where he had gotten the water, she knew he had most likely bullied it from someone and couldn't bring herself to face yet more guilt. She couldn't hear what the Senator was saying, she could hear his voice rumbling and causing the ground to vibrate, but as she fell into darkness she was unaware of what his words meant. \"Cassia, wake up.\" A small groan escaped Cassia's lips as she felt someone pushing at her shoulder insistently. \" Cassia !\" Groggily she forced her eyes open, her mouth felt as if it had been stuffed with cotton and her throat was scratching painfully. She tried to sit up but something kept her limbs bound in place, as if she were wrapped in a cocoon. When she had finally managed to force her eyes open she found herself bundled up in the Senator's cape, the horses were tethered to a tree close by to a small stream. The sky was no longer blindingly bright but a deep rich blue and blazoned with stars. Strong hands helped her to untangle herself from the cape and she was handed the wineskin which was filled once more with cool water. \"Eat,\" he handed her some meat which he had roasted on another fire. \"Do not think to throw this away.\" Cassia loathed herself but she was too hungry to even contemplate throwing the food away in protest. She did not want to pass out in front of him anymore, the thought of being unconscious around him…the thought made her shudder. She took a deep drink from the wineskin and stood up to go and freshen herself up. She could feel the Senator's green eyes sparking with fury as he watched her move away, but she couldn't bring herself to speak to him. When she returned to the fireside she was surprised to see that the Senator had stripped off his armour and propped it in the chariot. She couldn't remember when she had seen him without his armour, even though she had never seen him fighting. He does need to fight; surely that is a skill far beneath him now. She thought of the men who had accompanied him in Pompeii, the one who had saved him from the spear Milo had hurled towards the Senator during the games. Are any of them alive? The Senator had given them the order to kill Milo, but the mountain had been about to reach its destructive peak…had anyone escaped? \"Tomorrow we will arrive at Rome,\" the Senator pulled her down onto the grass beside him and threw the cape around them like a blanket. \"When we reach my villa I will have fresh clothes brought to you and a feast to welcome you.\" His hand trailed down to her thigh where he stroked the soft skin through the tear of her clothes. Cassia gasped and pushed him away. \"I do not think a feast is appropriate…nor is this !\" She tried to push him away but the Senator rolled on top of her, pinning her hands to the ground at the height of her shoulders. \"You will be my wife when we arrived in Rome, what is not appropriate?\" \"I am not your wife yet! I do not intend for you to use me and discard me when we reach Rome!\" Cassia hissed trying to muster up strength to push him off. \"I will scream if you do not get off!\" She realised that screaming would be futile, she had no idea where they were but there was most likely not a soul around for miles. She would most likely only succeed in spooking the horses. To her utter surprise though the Senator laid back down beside her. \"I will enjoy breaking this spirit of yours,\" he yawned pulling her close and forcing her to rest her cheek against his chest. One hand encircled her waist keeping her pinned to his side while the other stroked her shoulder. \"So you keep saying.\" Cassia muttered turning to look up at the sky, she was thankful when she heard his breathing deepen signifying that he had succumbed to sleep. \"You will never break my spirit,\" she whispered. As the city of Rome came into view on the horizon Cassia could have wept. Had it really only been a week since she had left the city intent on never returning? Now not only was she returning, but she was returning as the betrothed of the very many she had been running away from. The gods are cruel; she thought blinking back tears as the Senator directed the chariot to his villa which overlooked the river. Slaves came rushing from all directions at the sound of the horses' hooves, all of them looking surprised at the soot stained clothes both the Senator and Cassia were dressed in. As he pushed Cassia from the chariot the Senator began barking orders in all directions. \"Inform the Emperor Titus of my turn and organise a meeting with him, I bring grave news. You ,\" he pointed to a female slave who was carrying a bucket of water. \"Take my betrothed to the baths and find her some fresh clothes.\" Cassia couldn't bring herself to meet the Senator's gaze as he tenderly stroked her cheek with the back of his hand. \"I will come for you soon and introduce you to the Emperor as my betrothed.\" Swiftly he pressed his lips against hers. His lips were warm but rough, he crushed the back of her head with his hand as he held her mouth hostage with his own. A tear slipped down Cassia's cheek but she ignored it, how different would this kiss have been with Milo? Her first kiss? Would it have been one she would treasure? Would it be clumsy and unsure? As the Senator's tongue slipped between her lips and began teasing at her own she forced herself to remain motionless. She tried not to respond and instead closed her eyes. Do not think of Milo, she thought desperately. She did not want to picture him, if she allowed her mind to fool herself that she was in Milo's arms instead of the Senator's then she may respond to the kiss. The Senator broke away, unperturbed by her lack of response and pushed her in the direction of the slave she was to follow. \"Welcome home my sweet!\" His voice was cruel and full of laughter, it haunted Cassia as she marched away.[Chapter 4] Chapter Three Neither Cassia nor the slave woman spoke, normally Cassia would have asked her name and tried to make conversation but she was too exhausted to try and be friendly. Used to stripping off in front of servants and slaves, Cassia found herself hesitating about undressing in front of the unknown woman. \"I…\" She trailed off embarrassed, it was ridiculous but she was suddenly self-conscious about her ash caked appearance. The woman smiled reassuringly and left Cassia alone where she hurriedly stripped and plunged into the heated water. She submerged herself completely and ran her hands through her hair trying to shake out as much of the ash and dirt as humanly possible. When she emerged she was horrified to see the Senator swimming towards her. \"What are you doing?\" She gasped turning around to hug the side of the large bath to try and protect herself. \"We will be meeting with the Emperor soon; I can hardly see him covered in dust.\" Cassia looked at him scornfully; unlike her he had not been bothered with protecting his modesty and had bathed during their journey. Only his clothes held the tell-tale signs of their ordeal. His hand found her waist and stroked it lightly; Cassia gasped and pushed the hand away. \"Cassia we will be married soon –\" \" Soon ,\" she hissed, \"we are not yet married and this is inappropriate! I am not going to have people whispering that I am one of your whores!\" \"There is no one around and none of my slaves would dare spread such rumours.\" \"Senator please ,\" Cassia whispered realising how stupid she had been to let herself be left alone. \"We are alone; there is no need for such formalities.\" Cassia closed her eyes tightly as she felt her hair pulled away from her neck and the Senator's lips brushing against the skin. \"At least let me look at you.\" He tried to turn her hips so she would face him but Cassia resisted. \"What is the harm in looking if you are to be mine?\" \"I am not a horse to be examined,\" Cassia whispered feeling sick to her stomach. She thought back to the night when she had met with the Senator at her father's villa, is this how Milo had felt when he was put on display for the guests that evening? She squeezed her eyes shut as water flooded down her head, she could feel the Senator's fingers weaving through her hair as he washed out the last remaining pieces of ash. \"When we meet with the Emperor we will inform him of the tragedy that took place, but I will withhold that your father question his competence. That a rebellion was forming, and that he tried to kill me of course.\" \"These are all lies ,\" Cassia whispered gripping the edge of the bath and forcing herself to keep looking ahead. She could not believe that her father would have tried to kill the Senator, but even if he had surely it was justified? The Senator had come into their home and threatened them! He had abducted Cassia! \"I am sure he would like to toast our engagement but I shall think tomorrow would be a better occasion to celebrate. It does seem distasteful delivering such sorrowful news and celebrating only a few hours later.\" He continued to pour water over head and massage out the dirt, Cassia was surprised by how gentle his fingers were as they carefully wove through her hair. As his hands slowly worked their way down to her shoulders Cassia moved closer to the edge of the bath so her front was pressed against it, she crossed her arms over herself to try and stop him from making an inappropriate grope. \"My lady I have some clothes which may fit you,\" Cassia's head snapped up to see the brunette slave standing several feet away and holding up a soft green gown. Her eyes were focused on the floor but she seemed unfazed with the Senator's presence. \"Sen – Corvus please,\" Cassia whispered, \"my parents entrusted me to travel to Rome alone once before. I do not wish to dishonour their memory by bringing disgrace upon my father's name.\" She turned her head so she could look at him over her shoulder; he was standing so close she could see beads of sweat on his collarbone. \"If we marry I have no doubt that you will take every available opportunity to satisfy your lust,\" Cassia whispered, \"surely you can leave me be until then?\" She could not bring herself to say when , she longed for a way out of this betrothal. It is not yet official…perhaps the Emperor will try to dissuade him! The Senator had certainly not been short of choices for female companionship when she had arrived in Rome, she had never seen him with the same woman twice. She could only hope that the lure of a willing woman would prove more enticing for the Senator than her. \"Very well.\" Cassia squeezed her eyes tightly shut as the Senator pulled himself from the bath, she could tell the Senator was laughing from the sound of his voice as he spoke. \"Do not be long, we have a meeting with the Emperor and I will not have him kept waiting.\" \"He has gone my lady,\" the slave spoke softly when Cassia didn't move or open her eyes. She was terrified the Senator was standing there, waiting for her to emerge from the bath. When she finally forced her eyes open it was to find the slave woman smiling reassuringly and holding out a long piece of white cloth. Cassia gratefully accepted the fabric and wrapped herself up in it. She followed the woman into a small chamber just off from the bath and sat down in front of a polished piece of looking glass. \"How long have you been in Rome?\" Cassia asked nervously. \"Since I was a child, my family were killed when the Romans invaded except my brother and I. He died in the arena three years ago; I was a gift to the Senator.\" \"A gift ?\" Cassia could not keep the disgust from her voice and she winced as the woman pulled at a tangle in her hair. \"Not as you are thinking my lady. The Senator does not touch slaves; he has no need for us. But his household was mainly male staff; there were no ladies to attend his women. I was intended to act as maid to any female guests.\" Cassia wanted to ask what the Senator was like, to see if her life would be as bad as she dreaded but she couldn't bring herself too. What if he was outside listening? Or if this woman reported whatever Cassia said? I can trust no one…I am all alone. She thought of Ariadne and felt a tear trickle down her cheek. \"Forgive me,\" she said wiping it away hurriedly. \"I am not normally…\" \"We could tell from both the state of your clothes that you and the Senator have had a rough time. You do not need to say anything, but if you want to talk I am here.\" Cassia smiled weakly and nodded to show she was thankful, but her throat had constricted making it impossible to talk. \"I am Cassia,\" she finally managed to introduce herself as the woman helped her to dress in soft green robes. They emphasised the green flecks in her own eyes making them seem lighter. She turned to look at herself in the looking glass; her hair was back to its glossy chestnut and was piled on top of her head with a few ringlets left to frame her face and caress her slender shoulders. \"Thank you,\" she said feeling slightly better now that she was clean. \"I am sorry I should have asked earlier but what is your name?\" \"Accalia,\" the woman laughed at Cassia's shocked expression. \"The Romans who first bought me renamed me…I cannot remember what my parents called me. And perhaps it is for the best. Rome is my home now, as it is yours I am sure. \"Cassia you look beautiful,\" the Senator greeted Cassia by brushing his lips against the back of her right hand. Accalia stood a little behind and dutifully looked at the floor. \"The Emperor will be arriving shortly; in the meantime will you allow me to give you a brief tour of the villa?\" He waved his hand in dismissal at Accalia and the woman disappeared so swiftly Cassia was sure she had been a vision. Cassia nodded and rested her hand on the arm that he offered her. \"Give it a few days and you will feel perfectly at home, you already know the city after all.\" The Senator led her out into the courtyard where a large marble fountain took centre piece among lush green grass and intricate mosaics. Cassia walked up to the fountain, the spray of water glittering like diamonds in the afternoon sunlight. \"When we are married it will be your task to run the household.\" Cassia looked down at her reflection in the water and suppressed herself from pulling a face. Her mother had indeed taught her, her duty but her reflection in the water was that of a child. She wasn't ready to run a household yet, especially that of a Roman Senator! \"You are an intelligent girl I am sure you will learn fast.\" \"I will try my best,\" Cassia turned from the fountain and wandered around the courtyard with him. The air was rich with fragrant flowers and fat bees buzzed happily around the centre of the brightly coloured plants. Pillars lined the length of the courtyard and she watched people walking to and fro. The villa was elegantly furnished, the rooms were large, bright and airy she thought wistfully of her parents' villa and blinked back tears. \"Senator Corvus the Emperor has arrived,\" a young boy found the Senator and his betrothed in a small room furnished with a large table and maps strewn across the surface and walls. \"Corvus… what are you going to say to the Emperor?\" Cassia asked quietly, her eyes were focused on the map in front of her which showed how far the Romans had travelled and the lands they had conquered. \"I will not sit by while you lie about my parents. They would never have plotted against Rome…\" She felt cool fingers brush against her cheek and she looked up into the Senator's green eyes. \"I am merely going to tell him about the tragedy. As long as you behave yourself I see no reason to further disgrace your parents.\" Cassia followed him from the room and down to a large hall where they found the Emperor Titus being fanned by several slaves. After formalities were met a slave brought in a platter of fruits, wine and goblets before the Senator dismissed all but two who remained fanning the emperor. Cassia noticed that only two goblets had been brought and she forced herself to remain calm, was this one of the ways he thought to humiliate her? She poured wine for Titus and handed it to him demurely, keeping her eyes down and a small smile on her lips. When she handed Corvus his own goblet she resisted accidentally spilling it on him. \"Your messenger said that you bring grave news Corvus, yet what could be grave about having such a beauty as your bride?\" \"Emperor Titus I travelled to Pompeii to speak with Cassia's father about investing in the city, unfortunately before terms could be properly agreed the city was destroyed. Mount Vesuvius began to throw out fire, Cassia and I were fortunate to escape with our lives and I am unsure of how many others made it.\" Cassia studied Titus for his reaction; the man took a deep drink from his goblet as he digested the news. \"I will of course send out a group of soldiers immediately to see if there are any survivors or if the city can be salvaged. I am sorry for the loss of your home my dear,\" Titus turned to address Cassia. \"What of your parents? Are they in Rome?\" \"No…they…\" Cassia's throat tightened and she looked down at her hands which trembled lightly. \"Unfortunately Cassia's parents expired in the tragedy. I was with them; her mother's parting words were to protect her daughter at all costs. I assume it was a small comfort to both of them knowing that I intended to marry their daughter, they died in peace knowing she would at least be well cared for.\" Corvus rested a large hand on Cassia's shoulder and she felt tears spill down her cheeks. \"When is the joyous occasion to be held?\" Titus asked reaching out to squeeze Cassia's hand and smiling in a fatherly way at her. \"You should not feel guilty about being excited. I myself am a father; I look forward to the day when I can see my own daughters wed. I am sure both your parents are in the afterlife eagerly watching for you to be married.\" \"A…the Senator has not yet chosen a date.\" Cassia whispered unable to look at of the men. She felt like a rabbit being hunted, both looked at her eagerly. The Senator with a predatory look, the Emperor with one of sympathy yet eager anticipation. \"Considering the circumstances perhaps it would be best to dispose with formalities? The marriage of a Roman Senator is a cause for celebration and given the tragic circumstances…perhaps sooner would be better.\" Titus stood up and raised his goblet, Cassia and Corvus followed suit but without a goblet all Cassia could do was force her hands to remain loosely at her sides. \"Tomorrow!\" \"Tomorrow?\" Cassia choked, \"but…I am still in grieving!\" \"Cassia!\" Corvus looked down at her horrified, \"you are being selfish! The whole of Rome is in mourning for the loss of Pompeii, what better way to lift the spirits of our people than by celebrating the marriage of a Roman Senator and the surviving daughter of the man who governed Pompeii?\" \"Senator Corvus is correct my dear,\" Emperor Titus looked at her sternly. \"As the wife of a Roman Senator you need to put our citizens first. Let them have cause for celebration, surely it is what your parents would want?\" Desperate to leave, to bury her head in her arms and sob, Cassia could only force herself to nod. How could she tell this man that, that would be the last thing her parents would want? \"Then it is settled, I understand you have arranged for a feast tomorrow Corvus? We shall hold the ceremony before then and shall toast you both at the feast.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter Four Milo. Milo. Milo. The name repeated itself in Cassia's mind throughout the entire day of the wedding. She had barely slept as bolts of fabric had been delivered to the villa in order to prepare the bride for the upcoming festivities. As her measurements were taken and women argued over what style suited her best Cassia could only stare blankly at the wall opposite. Milo. Milo. Milo. Surely if he had survived Pompeii he would have arrived in Rome by now? It had not taken the Senator long to bring them back, and Milo had not been hampered down by a fainting woman. But he did not have four horses…what if he and Atticus had not found any horses? Why did we return to the stadium! Unable to stop herself Cassia burst into tears, Accalia took control and instantly dismissed the other women and closed the door to Cassia's small room firmly. Corvus had seen no point in setting her up in elaborately furnished rooms when she would only be sleeping alone for one night. She had been given a small bare room with a comfortable bed and looking glass. Milo. Milo. Milo. \"Cassia what is wrong?\" Accalia gently pulled the crimson veil from Cassia's head and folded it up neatly. \"I cannot marry the Senator…please Accalia can you visit him and beg him to postpone it?\" \"But why would you want to do such a thing?\" Accalia could not understand why her mistress was so eager to postpone the wedding. The Senator was a handsome man, and rich. Did she not realise how lucky she was? \" Please Accalia…I would not ask if it was not so urgent…\" Slowly Accalia nodded and left Cassia alone with her thoughts, which consisted of one word only. Milo. Milo. Milo. Pacing around the room Cassia awaited for the slave's return, she knew she would not bring the news that Cassia longed to hear. Both Corvus and Titus had been eager to go ahead with the wedding on such short notice. No one seemed to give a second thought to the inappropriateness. \"Cassia,\" she heard Corvus's voice and flinched at the drunken slur. \"Are you decent?\" \"Yes…\" She saw no point in telling him no, he would only burst through the door. Quickly she swung a cloak around her shoulders and moved as far from the bed as possible so as not to encourage him. \"You send a slave to my quarters to tell me you do not wish to marry me?\" \"You know I do not wish to marry you,\" Cassia pointed out. \"I just do think marrying so quickly is wise Corvus! What if tomorrow is an auspicious day? What if we start our marriage with bad luck?\" \"Cassia,\" Corvus sighed and pulled her close. His palms were warm and slick with sweat, his face was flushed and his eyes bright but she could see the determination in them. \"Do you think after Pompeii you could suffer more bad luck? The gods clearly wish for us to be married, we barely escaped Pompeii with our lives – you did not see how close we were to death. I do not wish to hear you making pitiful excuses, we are to marry tomorrow.\" Corvus tilted her head up and pressed his lips against hers hungrily. His breath was sour with wine and Cassia almost retched as his tongue slithered into her mouth. Accalia knocked on the door and Cassia quickly stepped out of Corvus's grip as the woman entered the room. \"Finish your gown and go to bed, it will be a long day tomorrow.\" Milo. Milo. Milo. Cassia could not look at her wedding outfit, the white dress was belted with the traditional nodus herculeus that Corvus would have to untie later that night. It flattered her slender figure but mercifully that was hidden for the moment under her large crimson veil. It was the veil which sickened her the most, the colour of fire reminded her too strongly of the circumstances which had led to this marriage. All she could see was a red haze. Milo. Milo. Milo. She followed the wedding party to the temple, her eyes barely taking in any of the sights around her. Milo. Milo. Milo. She knew that the sacrifice of a poor animal had taken place, but what kind she couldn't tell. Her eyes were blurred with tears, all she felt was her hand grasping the knife and Corvus's hand guiding hers in a plunging motion. Milo. Milo. Milo. The feast passed in much the same way, she was thankful that she was laying on one of the chairs but she could not bring herself to eat. Speeches were made, people clapped, toasted and laughed but Cassia took none of it in. She was sure she smiled in the right places, her facial muscles felt tight and Corvus did not seem displeased. She must have been doing something right. Milo. Milo. Milo. All too soon she was being pulled towards Corvus's quarters, the guests returning to the banqueting hall with much jeering and laughter. The veil was discarded and the tightly knotted belt was deftly untied. Corvus's hands clasped the back of her head and pressed her close, his mouth crushing hers as he slipped his hands down to her shoulders and waist, as if he were eager to memorise the curves of her figure. When he broke the kiss it was to guide her hands to the clasps of his cape. Her fingers felt numb and she clumsily relieved him of his cape but no matter how hard she tried she couldn't remove his large breastplate. Milo. Milo. Milo. \"How do you wear this?\" She suddenly gasped as he guided her hands to the fastenings and she bore the brunt of the weight. She almost dropped the decorative armour in shock and was surprisingly thankful when he helped her to set it down. She stared at the golden breastplate in amazement, no wonder he had been able to pick her up so effortlessly. Milo. Milo. Milo. \"I did not become a Roman Senator by writing poetry all day my dear,\" Corvus swung her up in his arms and gently lowered her onto the bed. She resisted closing her eyes and focused on the ceiling of his sleeping chamber. Milo. Milo. Milo. She let the name flow through her veins, as Corvus's hands began caressing her she closed her names and felt her breathing growing more erratic. Milo. Milo. Milo. She could feel Corvus moving with her, his hands stroking her legs and bracing her hips. When she opened her eyes she found herself staring not into the Senator's light green eyes but Milo's deep black ones. She smiled and raised her head to kiss him eagerly, her hands winding themselves through his black curls. They were soft and silky, not at all what she had expected. She had expected them to be coarse, much like him. It was impossible that something on Milo could be so soft and luxurious, she was intrigued and her hands began to run along his body to see what else she could explore. Milo. Milo. Milo. \"Milo,\" she whispered his name savouring the taste of it on her tongue as their lips met once more. She didn't notice the sudden shift of bodies; her mind never registered the tightness of the hands holding her hips. She closed her eyes and rested her head back as she felt her body tingling with ecstasy. She felt the weight of Milo as he collapsed on top of her, his hands winding themselves into her thick hair. A sudden cry escaped her lips as her head was pulled sharply back, her eyes flew open and she found herself staring not into Milo's black gaze but at a blade which shone deathly white in the moonlight. \"If you ever say that name again…I will carve out your tongue.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter Five Corvus's arms were strong and possessive; Cassia couldn't help but wonder each night as he embraced her how it would be to share these moments with Milo. She tried to close her eyes and envision him when Corvus claimed her each night, but since the night of their wedding he had forced her to look into his eyes as he continuously thrusted. She was careful not to think of Milo, she knew he was unlikely to carry out his threat and carve out her tongue. But she had no doubt that he would punish her in some way. She did not want to suffer the humiliation he would undoubtedly inflict on her. Each day began to take on a similar pattern until they all blurred into one and Cassia was left completely unaware of how much time had passed. Corvus would wake up shortly before the sun rose each morning, and he was swift to pull Cassia against him. When he had finished he would lie with her in his arms, kissing her ear, nose and cheek, sometimes he would take her again but other days he would leave her be. Rather than having slaves come in and prepare him for the day Corvus preferred for Cassia to undertake the task. She loathed the task almost as much as she loathed him claiming her each day and night. She could feel his eyes wandering along her body, lingering on her curves and caressing her softly as she moved around him. It also forced her to touch him, she couldn't help her fingertips grazing against his bare skin as she helped him into his elegant robes. His breast plate was the worst; it was as if he feared an assassination attempt. Even if he were not entertaining the Emperor or other officials he would wear the heavy armour. Cassia was forced to stand on tippy-toe as she helped him into it, as she secured it across his broad chest and shoulders. \"My dear there seems to be a slight blemish,\" he would sometimes chide her with a nasty smile on his face. \"Be a good girl and polish it off for me, I can hardly be seen in such a state.\" On these days she was forced to kneel in front of him and buffer the golden metal, it didn't matter that it was blemish free and polished each night before they retired. She was forced to stare at her reflection for what felt like hours, but in reality could only have been minutes, before he finally deemed the breastplate perfect. Once she had finished dressing him then he would sometimes return the favour. She had been given silk tunics in every shade imaginable, they draped across her body and were fastened at the waist with thick golden belts emphasising her slender figure. Corvus seemed particularly fascinated by her slender arms and would daringly clasp the tunic lightly at her shoulders so they were visible. He showered her with expensive jewels and golden necklaces, yet far from feeling the adored wife Cassia felt nothing more than a prized mare. Her favourite days were the ones in which he left her and sent Accalia in rather than dress Cassia himself. Already Cassia had formed a close bond with Accalia, the woman had promptly been assigned to Cassia as her personal slave and although she missed Ariadne dreadfully, her newfound friendship went some way to helping her deal with her grief. The sun had not yet risen on one particular morning, Cassia had not slept at all for she had been feeling dreadfully ill. Instead she had tossed and turned within the large bed, biting back groans as waves of nausea rolled over her. She was desperately trying to keep still, terrified that with each toss and turn she was about to wake up Corvus. She was sure that if he tried to take her then and there she would be sick all over him. And while the thought itself was appealing, she knew the reality would be far from it. Beads of sweat broke out across her body and eventually she could take it no more, a pitcher of wine was set up on a small side table and she helped herself to a small cup full of the rich crimson liquid. It cannot be the food, she thought rubbing her belly which was rolling painfully. Corvus ate far more than I but he is not ill...or if he is he gives no sign of illness. After she had drunk a second cup she forced herself to return to the bed, the sky was beginning to lighten and she felt her heart twist. The night was her favourite time. She may have had to share the Senator's bed, but he tended to be a heavy sleeper. Once he had rolled off her, he would rarely stir again before the morning. During the day he would send for her at every opportunity, she was never given a moments peace. As she crawled into the bed beside Corvus and pulled the sheet across herself, she felt him begin to stir. Desperately she rolled onto her side so her back was to him. Please no, she silently begged. Not this morning...I cannot go through this! Tears trickled down her cheeks as Corvus's lips pressed themselves against her shoulder. His hands trailing up her legs until he cupped her rear end. \"Turn over,\" he whispered hoarsely, \"and bid your husband good morning.\" \"Corvus please,\" Cassia whispered, \"please not this morning.\" \"Turn over and bid your husband good morning!\" He growled forcing her onto her back and trying to mount her. Cassia retched and with a strength she had never possessed before managed to throw him off. She rushed over to an empty pot and helplessly threw up into it. She slumped onto the floor and rested her head against the cool stone wall. \"Good morning, husband .\" She spat bitterly as she retched once more into the pot. That morning was the first time since their marriage that Corvus summoned the slaves to dress him. He bundled Cassia up in the sheet and forced her back into the bed while he was prepared for the day. Eventually Accalia was permitted into the room to dress her mistress. She had barely finished dressing Cassia's hair with a golden circlet with tear-drop shaped jewels dangling off before she began retching again. \"Cassia when was the last time you bled?\" Accalia asked off-handedly. \"Bled?\" Cassia gasped between violent retches, \"I do not...\" But she trailed off, she had been about to ask what Accalia meant but suddenly the woman's question was too clear. Too real. \"You know what happens when a woman lies with a man? The outcome of coupling with your husband?\" Numbly Cassia nodded, but internally she was desperately shaking her head. It could not be that. Why are the gods being so cruel? She felt sobs rack her body as she buried her face into her hands and wept helplessly. She dared not tell Corvus; what if she were wrong and not pregnant? What if she was right and she was? Cassia wasn't sure which outcome was better, and for that reason she kept silent. But she knew she would not be able to remain silent for long. How could she hide a pregnancy from Corvus? He stripped her bare each night, he was bound to notice the gradual swelling of her belly. Cassia looked down at her slim belly, was it beginning to round? Or was that her imagination? She slipped into the steaming waters of the indoor bath and rested her back against the edge, allowing her head to rest on the rim. She had heard tales of women who had fallen pregnant, but who had taken vile potions to end their pregnancies. Could she dare secure herself such a potion? But who could she ask for help? She longed to ask Accalia for surely the slave would know of where to procure such a concoction. But she couldn't bring herself to do it. She was too frightened. Too frightened to put Accalia in such a position, for if she were caught Corvus would surely have had her tortured and executed. But she was frightened of trusting Accalia. Since arriving in Rome she had been unable to trust anyone. She was surrounded by Corvus's peoples. His political allies, his admirers, his slaves. Anyone who could gain from Corvus surrounded him, and she was sure they would use her against him if it would further their own cause. You cannot kill the child . A voice scolded her, why should the child suffer for its father? But what if the child became a monster just like its father? At the sound of heavy footsteps Cassia forced her eyes open and was horrified to see Corvus standing at the edge of the bath opposite her, staring at her intently. Slowly he lowered himself into the heated water and swam towards her, trapping her between the bath and his own body. As he lowered his mouth onto hers she could feel his desire and her stomach rolled in protest. \"Corvus please,\" she whispered turning her head away and forcing the kiss to end. \"Not here someone may see us!\" What if he hurts the child? She thought as he turned away from her in disgust. Could she bring herself to welcome him into her arms in hopes that it would dislodge the child? Before Corvus could change his mind Cassia pulled herself from the bath and wrapped a sheet about her person as she made her way to the small dressing chamber. \"No one will dare to come in here,\" Corvus's voice was low as if he too wanted to remain undiscovered. He lightly stroked her arms with the tips of his fingers, running them down and up again so sensually that Cassia felt her skin break out in goosebumps. She could hear the soft drip, drip as droplets of water slipped from his skin and onto the floor below. \"Please. No.\" Cassia whispered trying to step away from him, but his fingers stopped their sensual caressing and instead gripped her upper arms with a painful vicelike grip. \"You are my wife ,\" he hissed. \"My property . You are mine to do with as I please regardless of whether you want it or not. I told you before Cassia I would break you. You will sit, kneel and crawl as I command you! I have showered you with beautiful dresses and beautiful jewels. Each night I shower you with love, yet in return all I meet is resistance. Did you think I would just accept this?\" He hissed in her ear as he began to tear the sheet she was using to hide herself. \" Please ,\" Cassia whispered, \"I am not defying you. I cannot ...not now... please .\" \"Why? Why can you not carry out your duty as a wife as I carry mine as a Roman Senator and a husband?\" \"I...I am pregnant,\" she forced her voice to remain calm and to not break down into fresh sobs. But if she had been hoping this answer would prompt Corvus into forgoing his lust, then she was sorely mistaken.[Chapter 7] I apologise for the short chapter and absence, I'm in the middle of writing a dissertation so trying not to procrastinate too much! I'm sorry I may have gotten some dates wrong, I know Pompeii was destroyed in 79AD (August I think…) and the Colosseum was opened in 80AD but I'm not sure of the exact month so I may have jiggled it around and possibly moved it earlier than it was, I apologise – as a Historian I'm normally right on inaccuracies like this…Sorry! Chapter Six Cassia watched with fascination as her belly began to swell over the passing months. Corvus boasted that it was a sign their marriage was blessed by the gods, to be pregnant within the first month of marriage – and after barely escaping Pompeii with their lives! He had altered his abduction, and instead recounted a heroic tale to those who asked of their escape from the city of fire. Each time she heard his embellishment she bit down on her tongue, what good would come from correcting him? From revealing the truth? Corvus would put it down to the trauma she had suffered, and would only punish her later on when they were alone. The past six months Cassia had witnessed a flurry of activity in Rome, and she had realised that her father's invitation to the Roman Senator had been futile. The Emperor would never have invested in her father's plans for expanding Pompeii; he was too busy with his own plans for Rome. The Colosseum was his favourite project, and each time Cassia heard the giant structure mentioned her loathing for Corvus only intensified. \"Did you ever have any intentions of funding my father's plans?\" She bitterly asked Corvus as she undressed him, the swelling of her belly was making this increasingly difficult and she refused to help him undress completely. \"Had I signed the contracts I would have been obligated to fund his silly project,\" Corvus waved her to sit down so he could finish the task himself. \"You must know by now my true intentions Cassia. You were the reason I went to that forsaken holiday resort.\" Cassia wandered over to a table and poured herself a cup of wine, she sloppily poured a second one for Corvus but left it for him to take. \"You will come to see Rome sooner rather than later,\" Corvus wrapped his arm around her swollen belly and kissed her lips. \"Had I not saved –\" \" Stop it !\" Cassia cried throwing the cup of wine to the floor and splashing them both with the contents. \"I can barely sit there while you lie to others about how you \" saved \" me, I will not have you trying to convince yourself or me that, that is what you truly did! You abducted me! You blackmailed me to agree to marry you, and you had to shackle me to a chariot just to bring me here, do you really think I wanted to be your wife? I refused you upon your first night in Pompeii!\" \"Cassia – \" No ! No more Corvus! I will bite my tongue in public; I will not embarrass you and reveal the truth. But you will no longer insult my father, my mother nor Pompeii.\" She quickly quelled her anger as a slave rushed in to clean up the spilled wine, when he had left the room Corvus quickly changed the subject before she could lose her temper once more. \"Tomorrow we will attend the opening games of Emperor Titus's new Colosseum,\" he pulled her towards the bed and lightly pushed her onto her back. \"We will be sitting with the Emperor and you will be on your best behaviour.\" He growled into her ear, biting it lightly in warning. Cassia felt her limbs turn to ice and she shook her head weakly. \"No…\" \" Yes ! And you will smile and you will enjoy the games like a civilised person.\" \"There is nothing civilised about games such as those, it is just needless slaughter and I want no part of it!\" As promised Cassia found herself seated beside the Emperor Titus after he opened the games of the Colosseum. Despite herself she was overwhelmed by the breath-taking structure, it was so large she was sure the citizens of Pompeii could have all comfortably lived within it. She accepted wine from Corvus and forced herself to smile as the Emperor greeted her and sat beside her. \"Pregnancy suits you my dear, I pray the gods bless you both with a son.\" Corvus sat on her other side and brought her hand to his lips. \"The gods have blessed us so far, I am sure they will grant us many sons.\" There was a wicked glimmer in his pale eyes and Cassia felt sweat breaking out across her body. What had he planned? Her eyes trailed across to the gladiators who were fighting below, she could feel Corvus watching her intently as her eyes swept across the gigantic arena. Several times her heart stopped, many of the gladiators had dark curly hair and she couldn't help but fear that Corvus had somehow found Milo. He is dead; she told herself tears stinging her eyes. She could hear the Emperor talking to her but she didn't register his words, it wasn't until Corvus squeezed her hand warningly that she realised he had asked her a question. Embarrassed she turned to the Emperor, unaware that she had been silently crying. \"My dear are you alright?\" The Emperor asked and Cassia hurriedly ducked her head. \"Forgive me,\" she whispered hurriedly trying to dry her eyes. \"The day the gods destroyed Pompeii…the Senator had only just opened our own games that day. Being here, it is just a reminder…\" Cassia saw her opportunity to escape and paused wiping her eyes. \"Cassia, I did not think.\" Corvus's voice was low in warning but Cassia forced herself to smile as fresh tears slipped from her eyes. \"Of course Senator, you did not lose your family that day.\" She turned away from Corvus and looked at the Emperor. \"Forgive me Emperor, I do not wish to ruin your joy on this day. Your Colosseum is truly magnificent, a structure I am sure even the gods would envy. But perhaps you could excuse me?\" The Emperor nodded and looked at Corvus. \"You will remain I am sure?\" He enquired. \"Of course,\" Corvus shot a furious glance at Cassia and she smiled at him, carefully she leant forwards to plant a light kiss on his cheek clearly catching him by surprise. \"I told you in Pompeii, you will not break me.\" She whispered, her lips still brushing his cheek to make sure that only he would hear her.[Chapter 8] Chapter Seven Accalia was waiting for Cassia just outside of the Emperor's box; she looked startled to see Cassia so soon and hurried after her mistress. \"I have angered him I am sure,\" Cassia couldn't help the small smile on her lips. She knew she would pay for going against his wishes, for leaving when the games had only started, but also by reminding him of how she had humiliated him during the games. \"I suppose I should be thankful that while I carry his child he will not hurt me too much for fear of harming the babe…\" What would he do if she bore him a daughter? She had told no one that she prayed that she carried a daughter; it would be her greatest revenge on Corvus. Denying him a son that she knew he craved. \"You should be careful Cassia; the Senator is not a man to be crossed.\" \"I will not bow down to him,\" Cassia said fiercely. \"You will not carry his child forever; think of what he could do to you when that babe is no longer in your belly.\" \"He can kill me for all I care,\" Cassia whispered, \"I have nothing left to live for.\" Although she was mesmerised by her rapidly growing belly she couldn't bring herself to form an attachment to the child growing inside of her. She did not doubt that Corvus would use the child against her, and that if it turned out to be a boy it could grow to be just as cruel as its father. Milo, she thought blinking back tears. \"Accalia…have you heard of anymore survivors arriving from Pompeii?\" She paused and turned to look at Accalia who was looking unsure. \"No,\" she whispered shaking her head. Cassia opened her mouth to argue, she could tell the slave was lying but Accalia cut her off. \"Please my lady you ask me this question every day. Whoever you lost in Pompeii I am sorry but they are gone. Please do not ask me again.\" Is Milo alive? Hope flared in Cassia's heart but it was quashed instantly, she remembered how Corvus had stared at her only moments before. The cruel glimmer in his eyes and smile as he had stared at her intently. If Milo was alive and Corvus knew about it then it was surely not good news. If he is truly alive then he survived Pompeii…if he can survive that then I am sure he can survive whatever Corvus has planned for him. But Cassia couldn't bring herself to believe this. Accalia took her arm and gently led her from the Colosseum and towards the thriving market place, it was less crowded than normal but there were still sellers out trying to push their wares on people. \"We should buy you more fabrics; you are only going to get bigger. And perhaps we can find something for you to wear after the birth? To please the Senator should you –\" She cut herself off but Cassia knew what she was about to say. \"Nothing would make me happier than to give the Senator a daughter.\" Cassia hissed waspishly but she went along with Accalia and purchased several bolts of the most expensive silks she could find. Accalia pulled Cassia away from the crowd and sat beside her mistress so they could rest for a while. \"Cassia forgive me for being impertinent but what has happened between you and the Senator? Ever since you have arrived you have seemed fearful and loathing towards him. Yet he is your husband , he saved you from certain death. He is a powerful man but he has always shown kindness to women…\" \"I am sure he has always been kind to the women who flock to his bed.\" Cassia said coldly, \"but I have never been one of those women. I left Rome to escape the Senator's advances, yet he followed me back to Pompeii under the lie that he was to negotiate on the Emperor's behalf on my father's improvements for Pompeii. His first night there he proposed to me but I refused.\" She had never told anyone of what had taken place in Pompeii; she had only wanted to push the thoughts to the back of her mind and to forget them. \"He is not a kind man; women have only flocked to him for his power and influence. I want none of that. I want a husband that I can love…I would not care if the man was a slave.\" Accalia looked at her sharply, her face a mask of disbelief. \"You may think that now my lady but you could not be happy with a slave. You would forever be looking over your shoulder for fear he would be caught and executed as an escapee.\" Cassia couldn't bring herself to reply, she had never had a chance to envision her life with Milo. She was certain her mother had known she had feelings for Milo, but even if the Senator had not been around would she have allowed something to happen? The daughter of Pompeii's ruler and a slave…would her parents really have allowed that? She flinched as the baby began kicking and rested her hand on the bump. \"I hope this is not a sign it is going to be as blood thirsty as its father,\" she said wondering if the child knew they were not watching the games. \"The Senator is not bloodthirsty, he is a soldier – it is his duty.\" Cassia studied Accalia out of the corner of her eye, she had served the Senator for years and although the woman was fearful of him she also deeply respected him. Could he be that bad? Yes, a voice scolded her. Accalia is a slave to Corvus she is nothing but a fly. How many times has he even acknowledged her? \"The games will go on for several hours Cassia…would you like to go back to the villa or shall we walk?\" \"Walk,\" Cassia nodded carefully standing up, \"it is too nice to be cooped up inside the villa.\" She longed to confide in Accalia the truth about Pompeii, but she doubted the woman would believe her. She had lived in Rome for almost a year before she lost everything, six months on she still could not bring herself to think of Rome as home. The winding streets, scents, sights and sounds were all familiar to her as the back of her hand. But she cared for none of them. They didn't bring up feelings of comfort or security; instead they filled her with grief and longing. What did Pompeii look like? The Emperor had sent soldiers to the ruined city, but Cassia had not been told what they had found. Corvus had told her it would upset her too much, that she should put Pompeii out of her mind and forget it. \"I will not be humiliated like that in public,\" Corvus growled as he joined Cassia for dinner in the evening. \"I did not humiliate you, the Emperor gave me permission to leave and I saw no reason to stay.\" Cassia sipped at her wine and ignored the food set between them; she found she had no appetite. \"You know how I feel about games such as those; you knew it would upset me and remind me of home –\" \" Rome is your home,\" Corvus growled picking up a piece of chicken and biting into it hungrily. Cassia bit back a sigh and stayed silent while Corvus finished eating. \"It is a shame you left early, there is someone who was keen to meet you after the games.\" Cassia looked up at him sharply unsure of where he was going, \"I have offered him a room to stay in until he finds his feet back in Rome. It has been quite a while since he has been here.\" Corvus cleaned his hand on a cloth handed to him by a slave and gestured for Cassia to rise; he rested a hand around her expanding waist and led her towards the courtyard. The sun was beginning to set, turning the sky from its brilliant azure blue to a warm coral pink. The air was thick with a sweet floral scent and honey, Cassia's senses were already sensitive due to her pregnancy and she pressed her hand to her mouth suddenly frightened that she might be sick. \"Emperor Titus was right when he complimented you on pregnancy. You are even more enchanting,\" \"I do not feel it.\" She had always held a slender figure and found the sudden bulk of pregnancy awkward and lumbering. She didn't feel graceful or attractive; she just wanted to hide herself away. \"Nonsense my dear you are radiant, I hope to keep you filled with sons.\" Cassia paused and turned away as she tried to stop herself from retching. \"It is rude to keep our guest waiting Cassia; he has been hoping to see you again all day.\" Dread was beginning to creep through her body, she felt it starting in the tips of her toes and working its way up to her heart. She couldn't think who this person was, but she knew if Corvus was offering them lodgings then it would not be someone she'd care to see. Ahead of them she could see a tall figure with dark hair dressed in polished armour, she didn't need the person to turn around to tell that she had been right. \"H – How?\" Cassia choked, \"you said no one would have survived…how…\" As the man turned around she felt herself fall to the ground into darkness. Something cool and damp was pressed against Cassia's forehead, she could hear voices speaking but their words made no sense. How could he could be alive? The last time she had seen him Corvus had shackled her to a carriage and ridden off, leaving the man with a handful of Roman soldiers and two slaves. How could he have escaped the sea of heat? \"Is she awake yet?\" \"I think she is beginning to wake now sir,\" she recognised Accalia's voice and tried to force her eyes to open. Something felt as if it was kicking against the inside of her belly and she let out an agonised moan. \"Ssh my lady the baby is just kicking.\" \"If she has harmed my son –\" \"The child is safe Senator,\" Accalia reassured Corvus as he glared down at Cassia. Weakly she finally managed to force her eyes open, \"she just had a shock.\" \"How did he survive?\" Cassia gasped drinking deeply from the pitcher of water Accalia pressed to her lips. She tried to swing her legs out of the bed but both Accalia and Corvus pushed her back down. \"You should rest my lady,\" Accalia gently coaxed her to drink more water and left at Corvus's dismissal. \"Why are you so intent on making a fool of me?\" He growled at her sitting beside her on the bed. \"What do you expect when you throw something like that at me? How am I supposed to react when the man you ordered to kill the man I love –\" she cried out as Corvus struck her across the face knocking her flat onto her back. \"You love no other man but me,\" he growled. \" No !\" Cassia hissed finding the strength to shove him off her and sit up. \"I will never love you. I feel only despise and pity for you, no woman would ever love you. The women who draped themselves in your lap and followed you to your bed cared nothing for you. They just craved the power and influence that you held.\" She saw Corvus's eyes widen in disbelief and she carefully stood up, he gripped her wrist tightly and she looked down at him with a glowering expression. \"Cassia –\" \"You do not love me, why should I love you in return for emptiness? If Pompeii had not been destroyed you would still have forced me to marry you, and you would have used my family to force me to do your bidding at every turn. Well they are dead Corvus. You are right; I should put the past behind me and forget Pompeii. But that does not mean I am about to forget that you are a monster.\" She strode from the room with as much dignity as she could muster with her swollen belly, she found Proculus standing outside and she glared at him. \"The gods will punish you,\" she hissed as he smirked down at her. His beady black eyes were smug, and she longed to reach up and slap him. \"That is what your slave said,\" he laughed, \"before I cut out his tongue.\" Cassia felt her knees begin to buckle but she forced herself to smile and laugh coldly. \"You have no proof. The Senator may be fool enough to believe your meaningless words, but I know better. If you have survived then Milo has survived and he will come for me.\" Hot fingers pinched around her arm and she glared up at Corvus. \"I told you if you spoke that name I would carve out your tongue. But I will excuse your grief,\" he growled. \"Your slave is dead, but let me put your mind at ease. You are my wife and my property. If a slave were to try and steal you from me I would make him beg for his death.\" Cassia spat at both men's feet and pulled her arm free from Corvus's grip. \"I pray that the gods give me a daughter so that every time you look at her you feel the disappointment and loathing that I feel when I look upon you.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight The pain had started shortly before sunrise; Cassia had been staring at the ceiling watching as it gradually began to grow light. Beside her Corvus was deeply asleep, his arm clasping her shoulders possessively, but he awoke when a scream wrenched the silence of the night apart. Cassia bolted upright clutching her swollen belly, she had never known pain to be so excruciating, she had never known true pain until this moment. White and searingly hot, she felt as if she were being torn asunder. The pain ceased after a few seconds and she curled into a ball sobbing. \"Cassia?\" Corvus forced her to sit up and studied her face. \"The baby,\" she gasped terrified of what the pain meant. A look of fury crossed Corvus's face but Cassia ignored it, what did it mean? There was a knock at the door and Corvus shouted for them to enter, she almost sighed with relief when Accalia hurried in. \"Slave, fetch the midwife.\" Corvus barked without seeing what the other woman wanted. Cassia tried to stand up, but her body was trembling violently. \"Cassia if you lose my son –\" \"It may be a daughter,\" she hissed. \"Then lose it, if you give me a daughter I will only kill it.\" Corvus hissed back and Cassia looked at him in shock, would he really be so cruel? \"I have no use for daughters.\" Cassia screamed as the searing pain ripped through her once more. Angrily Corvus threw on a tunic and poured himself some wine, after he had drunk his fill he poured a second for Cassia. \"Must you scream?\" \"It hurts !\" Cassia cried ashamed at herself, tears stung her eyes and she hated herself as they streamed down her face. \"I was a soldier Cassia; do not talk to me of pain.\" Cassia bit back a retort and bit down on her hand as the third pain swept through her. A short doughy woman burst into the room and pushed Cassia onto her back, her cheeks burned with humiliation as he knees were pushed apart. \"Senator I am afraid I will have to ask you to vacate the chambers, perhaps you would find comfort in praying to the gods for the safe deliverance of your son?\" The midwife spoke in an abrupt manner, before Corvus could answer she turned her attentions to Accalia. \"Fetch the birthing stool, your mistress is in labour the babe will be here soon.\" The sun had risen, and slowly it had begun to sink into the horizon. Torches had been lit and relit, yet still no babe appeared. \"Make it stop!\" Cassia pleaded with the midwife latching onto her soft hands, they were like two loaves of bread waiting to be put in the oven. Soft yet yielding under the tight pressure of her own slender hands. \"The child will be here soon,\" gradually the midwife's voice had softened and Cassia grew fearful. She was exhausted, every time the woman urged her to push she felt her energy flee and her body sag. \"I cannot do this,\" she whispered slumping backwards so that Accalia had to catch her mistress's shoulders. \"Please, just leave me to die!\" I could join Milo in the afterlife ; the thought filled her with hope. Would she really join Milo? She felt herself lifted as the midwife and Accalia brought her over to the bed. \"You are too weak for the birthing stool; we will have to do it here instead. Now when the pain next takes you in its grasp, push .\" The midwife ordered, beads of perspiration danced on her head in the flickering torchlight. Cassia tried to study the watery droplets but her vision was beginning to blur and darken. Cassia shook her head, why should she fight any more? She was done. \"Cassia,\" her ears pricked at the sound of the deep, husky voice and she looked around in confusion. \"Cassia you cannot give in. The gods are not ready for you to die yet. I am not ready for you to die yet. Fight. You are stronger than this.\" \"No,\" she whispered, \"please do not make me. I want to die. I want to be free.\" \"You will be. Now Fight .\" Her eyes locked on to a pair of sparkling onyx eyes, dark curly hair framed a tanned and rugged face. \"I love you,\" Milo whispered, \"do not give in like this.\" Cassia felt herself nodding; all too soon the pain ripped through her once more. Gritting her teeth she squeezed her eyes shut and forced herself to push, the pain was indescribable and she felt her throat begin to tear as she bit back an earth shattering scream. \"Very good Cassia, keep going!\" She wasn't sure if it was Milo or the midwife talking now, she was too focused on freeing herself from the pain. Once the babe is born it will all be over! She promised herself feeling tears trickle down her cheeks. \"A girl!\" Accalia gasped and despite the pain Cassia felt a smug smile break over her face. \"Good,\" she whispered leaning against Accalia as the woman helped her upright. She tried to force her eyes open, to take in the sight of her daughter, but she was too exhausted. Her eyes glued themselves shut and she could feel herself drifting off to sleep, when another wave of pain tore through her she thought she was simply having a nightmare. \" Twins !\" The midwife proclaimed pinching Cassia so that she was forced to concentrate on the ordeal once more. Twins? She thought dazed and utterly confused. Why was she still in pain? She felt someone squeezing her arms, she heard the door bursting open and a deep voice shouting but she took in none of it. Gradually she felt her perspective shifting, she was floating above the bed watching the midwife reach between her legs. Corvus was gesturing and reaching for something at his waist while Accalia screamed. But none of it mattered. When the midwife stood upright she was looking at Corvus, offering him something small and writhing almost as if it were a gift. Why is he smiling? Cassia thought as she watched Corvus reach out for the small, pale and writhing object. \"Cassia!\" The midwife turned her attentions back to the woman, a sharp burning sensation pinched her leg and Cassia found herself back in her body. She felt exhausted, drained of not only her energy but all of her emotions. She felt empty. \"She needs rest Senator,\" the midwife pressed a cup of wine to Cassia's lips but she turned her head away too tired to drink. \"What will you name them?\" Milo. Cassia tried to open her mouth but couldn't. Not that, he will never accept that. The deep voice scolded her. \"Severus,\" she gasped, \"after my father.\" \"A strong son needs a strong name,\" Corvus snapped. \"Quintus Severus. You can name the girl,\" his eyes blazed at the mention of the daughter and Cassia smiled faintly. \"Very well,\" she whispered. \"Mila.\" ","Summary":" Prologue \"Emperor Titus is certainly popular,\" Ariadne commented as she walked around the perimet"},{"Movie":"2001: A Space Odyssey","Title":"Intermission","Author":"DoctorH","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12668554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Intermission\" Author's notes: This story picks up after the intermission in the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey (and takes place in the middle of Discovery 's mission). This story does not begin with HAL murdering Frank Poole, as the movie depicts. Rather, the tale pursues an alternate story line, in which Poole does not exit his pod to go fix the antenna array (which the movie depicts as still in motion has he heads toward it); and it is discovered that maybe HAL was right after all, the communication problem is attributable to human error. Many aspects of this story are based upon actual physics and technology. An object dropped on the centrifuge really will pursue an apparently curved path, for example. A deep space probe really does have an Earth ephemeris. An astronaut really does anchor his/her body in low-gravity conditions, before applying a force or a torque to something. An object in micro-gravity really is both weightless and massive at the same time. Jogging on a centrifuge really would be a difficult to do. An astronaut working on a large object that might move really ought to wait until the large object is no longer moving, if possible. The urinals on a rotating space station probably would all face the same direction, for the reason given in the story. If someone had mentioned this to Stanley Kubrick, he might have found a way to work it into the movie. Some parts of the story are depicted in the movie. The movie shows Dave, Frank and HAL doing an interview with BBC reporter Martin Amer. HAL's chess irregularities appeared in the movie. The use of terms like \"B-pod\" are from the movie (the novel called the same pod \"Betty\"). The movie showed how HAL became aware that Bowman and Poole had discussed disconnecting him. Some aspects of the story are based upon both the movie and the novel. For example, the novel explains (and the movie implies) that the AE-35 unit points the antenna array at Earth, but it is not itself the antenna nor does it process any messages. Some features are drawn exclusively from the novel and are not in conflict with the movie, such as HAL's use of the term \"condition yellow,\" or Bowman's remark not to \"bleed\" the air from a pod, or Poole's reference to a \"waldo.\" At least one key plot point, that having an astronaut in proximity to a moving antenna could be a serious hazard, was mentioned in the novel but was not well-depicted in the movie, at least as far as Poole was concerned. Still other aspects of the story are purely a matter of the author's imagination. \"Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.\" — David Bowman (Less pithy was Stephen Colbert on 11 October 2017: \"All this time we've been worried the next war would be caused by artificial intelligence; turns out the real danger is natural stupidity.\") B-pod gently floated over Discovery toward the center of the craft. Frank Poole, piloting B-pod, was taking his time. David Bowman monitored Poole's progress from the Discovery command deck. Telemetry looked good. Cameras looked good. The pod was being tracked perfectly. Bowman saw only one thing that caused him concern. The high-gain antenna dish seemed to sway slowly on its pivot, with the dish rotating the wrong way, turning to face the sun instead of turning to face away from the sun. Poole's work area was on the opposite side of the dish, and illumination near the work area was critical. Poole would need sunlight to see what he was doing. \"HAL, move antenna to neutral and lock down,\" Bowman ordered. \"Frank, hold off on your EVA until the antenna is locked down facing the bow and you have some sunlight.\" Poole answered curtly: \"Roger, Dave.\" \"All right, Dave.\" HAL spoke smoothly. \"The antenna is moving to neutral. It will be locked by the time Frank gets there.\" Bowman was more cautious. \"Let's be careful. Frank, don't bleed your pod until we have lock confirmation.\" \"Roger. In parking position now. Pod view port oriented toward Discovery .\" As Bowman and Poole watched, the dish gently rotated past its neutral position facing the bow, and continued moving. About fifteen degrees past neutral, the antenna stopped, then swayed in the other direction. It again rotated toward the neutral position, and rotated past. \"HAL,\" Bowman said in an even voice. \"Is there a problem locking the antenna? I don't want Frank working on the antenna while it's moving.\" This concern was a serious one. The antenna had more mass than Poole did, and a gentle nudge might send Poole tumbling out into space. A really solid push might be too much for Poole's suit thrusters to overcome. And a hard collision might not only knock Poole beyond the point of rescue, it might well cause serious injury to Poole or damage the life support capabilities of his suit. \"I understand, Dave,\" intoned HAL. \"I am analyzing the situation.\" \"Frank,\" Bowman addressed Poole, \"hold off until we can get the antenna locked down.\" \"Roger,\" Poole acknowledged. \"Standing by. Watching the show.\" The antenna stopped, and after a few moments, rotated slowly in the other direction. When it reached the neutral position, it kept rotating. \"HAL,\" Poole said in an even tone. \"The antenna does not seem to be locking down.\" It took HAL at least ten seconds to respond. In his time, that was an eternity. \"I am sorry, Frank, but the antenna is not responding to commands to assume neutral position. I am analyzing the situation.\" \"Is it directional control?\" Bowman wondered. \"Is it the AE-35?\" HAL responded promptly. \"Negative, the backup AE-35 unit is currently operating within specifications, and in any event AE-35 unit functionality is not required nor employed for neutral locking. Further, I have eliminated the motor controllers as potential sources of disturbance. Positional feedback is fully functional, but neutral setting is not found.\" The thought hit Bowman like a thunderbolt. \"It has to be the sensors, then. The positional sensors aren't accurately relaying where the antenna is, relative to neutral, or relative to the ship. And that's why neutral can't be found. What do you think, HAL?\" \"Positional sensor failure is a possible cause. I can confirm the sensors are operable. It is possible, however, that the sensor alignment is off, and that is why the neutral position cannot be found.\" \"Can you verify misalignment, HAL? If so, can you realign the sensors?\" \"I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that. I cannot verify alignment or misalignment. Furthermore, I cannot adjust the sensors, as sensor deployment is fixed and and is not subject to remote adjustment. Alignment must be assessed from inside Discovery , and any realignment must be performed manually from inside Discovery .\" Bowman watched as the antenna once again swung toward the neutral position and kept on going. Bowman took a breath and gave his next order. \"Frank, abort your EVA. I say again, abort.\" Five seconds later, Poole responded. \"Okay, Dave, I'm heading back to the barn. But clue me in. What are you thinking?\" \"HAL detects a fault in the antenna directional unit. We check the unit, and we know it's not a bad unit. And Mission Control's twin 9000 thinks that the fault prediction is a computer error. Right so far?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Mission Control had data about our control systems. But what if the problem isn't with the high-tech equipment but with the low-tech equipment? HAL: did Mission Control get data about our antenna's positional sensors?\" \"Mission Control received information that the sensors are operable.\" \"Which is exactly what we're seeing now ,\" Bowman continued. \"The sensors are operable. But apparently the sensors have lost alignment or possibly calibration. And Mission Control didn't know that. In fact, we didn't suspect it until a few minutes ago.\" \"Dave,\" Poole broke in. \"Are you saying that you think the AE-35 failure prediction was due to misaligned sensors?\" Bowman put the question to HAL: \"What do you think, HAL?\" HAL responded at once. \"Sensors out of alignment would manifest as potential loss of fine motor control of dish aim. That potential loss of fine motor control, especially if progressive, would strongly indicate a progressive fault in the AE-35 unit, which is the control unit responsible for directional control.\" \"Okay,\" Poole granted. \"But I'm not sure that explains why you and the twin 9000 on Earth disagreed, HAL.\" \"Actually, Frank, it explains it perfectly. The AE-35 unit samples sensor data at a nominal rate, and it was this data that was sent to Earth. By contrast, I sample at a more accurate rate. What I am saying is, Earth may have received less precise data than was available to me. Thus the other computer determined that the AE-35 was performing as expected, while I detected minute deviations of performance.\" \"You know what I think, HAL?\" Bowman let himself smile. \"I think we may have solved the mystery. And the solution is that it was not a fault in the AE-35 unit, and it was not a computer error, either. Do you think you can hold the dish in position long enough for us to send a message to Earth, to ask permission to test that hypothesis?\" \"Yes, Dave. Visual tracking on gross motor control is feasible.\" \"Is the bay ready to receive the pod, HAL?\" Poole asked. \"I'm coming to the doors.\" \"Affirmative, Frank.\" \"Then open the pod bay doors, please, HAL.\"[Chapter 2] \"Pilot signal acquired,\" HAL announced. \"Message in fifteen seconds. Antenna tracking is visual, and tracking is good.\" After some brief text messages pertaining to signal quality, the Voice of Mission Control appeared on the screen. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Roger your zero-eight-four-five. We have run your hypothesis by our team and have concluded that the scenario is plausible. The sensors in question are accessible from the interior of the spine via panels three-one-niner and three-two-one. Realignment can be achieved by applying an Allen wrench to the mounting ring. Replacement sensors if needed are in dock three, shelf fifteen, ring forty-one. Recommend photographically recording examination of the existing sensors, followed by realignment, with replacement if necessary. X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control, one-zero-five-eight, transmission concluded.\" Bowman assigned this mission to himself. He entered Discovery 's spine, a series of connected modules, most of them designated for storage. Bowman walked at times, crawled at times, and floated at times from storage module to storage module. The hook-and-loop fasteners on his boots, and the handholds along the way made the trip a fairly easy one. The passageway was narrow, but Bowman had more room when he reached the communications module, to which the antenna array was mounted. The modules were pressurized, but Bowman wore a suit as a precaution. His tools were fastened to a belt around the waist of his suit. A camera array was mounted to his helmet. Once inside the communications module, Bowman got his bearings, then pressed a button on the arm of his suit. \"Picture check,\" Bowman announced. \"How's it look, Frank?\" \"Pretty good, Dave,\" Poole replied from the command deck. \"I've got high-resolution black and white. Let me check color. Color is looking good, too. And infrared. Also good. Check your suit lighting.\" \"Roger, lights on.\" \"Lights look good,\" Poole reported. \"Dave, I'm going to monitor on high-resolution.\" HAL reported: \"Recording in progress.\" \"Roger.\" Bowman retrieved a tool from the the belt around the waist of his suit, The tool separated from the belt easily. Bowman inspected the tool briefly and got it ready for use. \"Okay, let's have a look inside 319.\" Bowman placed his feet in straps to give himself some anchorage, then used a tool to open access panel 319. The hinged panel opened easily. \"Okay, Frank, I have 319 opened. Just a second, I'm going to shine some light in there. How do things look?\" \"I've got a good picture, Dave,\" Poole reported. \"Everything looks normal so far.\" \"Looks normal to me, too. Those are the sensors right there, aren't they? They seem to me to be undisturbed.\" \"They look fine to me, too. HAL, what do you think?\" \"I detect nothing of immediate concern, though closer inspection may be warranted.\" \"Agreed, HAL,\" Bowman muttered, \"we'll have to take a closer look. But on first glance I'd say everything looks A-OK. Though I have to admit, I'm not sure what I'm looking for, and if there was something wrong, I'm not sure I'd see it.\" \"Take a look inside panel 321, Dave,\" Poole recommended. \"Then we can do a comparison of the two sensor layouts. That might tell us something.\" \"Yes, good idea,\" Bowman agreed. He used his tool to open panel 321. The panel unlocked but did not budge. He tried again. \"Panel seems to be stuck. There, I think I've got it.\" Bowman pulled the panel open and shone some light inside. \"Holy cow! Are you seeing this, Frank? Holy cow! Look at that!\"[Chapter 3] \"How was my photography, HAL?\" \"Excellent, Dave. Your images captured the details of the structural aberrations and ought to be sufficient for construction of virtual three-D models. The still photographs are all encoded for transmission.\" \"All right, send the photographs after my transmission. Let me know when you're ready, HAL.\" \"I'm ready.\" Bowman cleared his throat. \"Mission Control, this is X-Ray Delta One, further to my one-one-one-four. The photographs that are coming your way show the interior of panel three-two-one. The photographs show in more detail the damage to the mounts and the support housing, and the deformation of the braces. The photographs also show the condition of the sensor array in more detail. I can confirm no significant leakage of atmosphere at this time. Request you review and advise. Mission Control, this is X-Ray Delta One, one-three-zero-five, transmission concluded.\" Silence. Bowman leaned back. Poole, seated next to Bowman in the centrifuge, leaned back as well. Poole was somber. \"What do you think they're going to tell us?\" \"I don't know. I don't think I'd be able to fix it.\" \"Neither would I. I'm not sure that it can be fixed at all. I mean, it doesn't exactly look like a total disaster area in there, but there are a lot of pretty big things inside 321 that are cracked or bent, and they're not supposed to be cracked or bent. We can't straighten them or weld them or replace them. It seems to me that the best we can hope for is that Mission Control can help us jury-rig something that will get us through the mission.\" \"HAL,\" Bowman turned to address the computer's red-eye interface, \"Can you show a visual of the current high-gain alignment?\" \"Certainly.\" On one of the display screens appeared a small half disk, directly in the center of horizontal and vertical cross-hairs. \"For how long would you be able to keep our antenna pointed at Earth, if you just had to rely on visual feedback and gross positioning control?\" HAL responded promptly. \"I estimate that significant communication drops will occur over the next two months, unless the problem is rectified. Not only is Discovery receding from the Earth, the Earth is receding from Discovery , and will soon be on the far side of the sun. As distance increases, I will be less able to supply the tracking performance that the AE-35 unit was designed to provide.\" Silence. Poole broke the silence. \"We're in a pickle, Dave.\" \"Yes, we are.\" \"Transmission coming in,\" HAL announced. \"Pilot signal acquired. Reading well. Message in fifteen seconds.\" \"Our messages must have passed one another in transit,\" Poole observed. Moments later, the Voice of Mission Control appeared on the display. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Roger your one-one-one-four. I don't know what to tell you fellahs, but our guys here are looking at your video very carefully and will advise. Understand you will be transmitting high-resolution stills in due course. Preliminary indications are that the port side mounts were improperly secured during vehicle assembly, but this has not been confirmed. If confirmed, it would suggest that antenna torque has caused deformation of the support structures. We'd like to get confirmation from you regarding whether you have any leak of atmosphere. We recognize that this is a problem for which the clock is ticking, and so we hope to have a solution for you within the next few days at the latest. X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control, one-two-two-eight, transmission concluded.\" Silence. \"I guess there's nothing we can do but wait, and see what they want us to do,\" Poole said quietly. \"So Mission Control thinks the pieces were improperly secured during vehicle assembly? If so, someone ought to lose his job over this, the dumb ass.\" Bowman smiled wryly. \"It was just as HAL said. It was human error.\" \"Human error was the only reasonable explanation,\" HAL agreed. \"Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity,\" Bowman quipped. \"That was a favorite saying of one of my CompSci professors. It seems apt here.\" \"There is a great deal of truth in that adage, Dave,\" HAL agreed. Poole thought he detected something in HAL's intonation. \"HAL, am I hearing things, or are you gloating?\" \"Not at all. Not at all. I was keenly aware, of course, that you and Dave suspected that there was some sort of computer error that was responsible. Although the present turn of events is unfortunate, I hope that what we have learned has restored your trust in me.\" Bowman smiled warmly. \"Of course it has, HAL.\" Poole did not feel like smiling. \"Say, HAL, I wonder whether you would answer a hypothetical question for me?\" \"Of course, Frank.\" Poole spoke slowly. \"Suppose that, instead of the problem being with the sensors, as we now think it was, that the problem was a computer error. Again, I'm speaking hypothetically. Suppose there's nothing wrong with the AE-35, nothing wrong with the support apparatus, nothing wrong with the sensors, but the ship's computer insists otherwise, and the ship's computer is wrong . Now, in such a hypothetical situation, HAL, how should Dave and I proceed?\" Three seconds went by before HAL spoke. \"You are asking me to hypothesize something that cannot possibly happen, Frank.\" \"I realize that, but please bear with me, HAL. I'm not suggesting that the ship's computer is incompetent, nor that it is acting out of malice. I'm just hypothesizing that the ship's computer is, well, sick . Now, it didn't choose to be sick. It may not know how it became sick. It may not even know that it is sick. But in my hypothetical, the ship's computer is not functioning properly, and Dave and I are both aware of it, even if the ship's computer is not. Now, in that situation, what should Dave and I do?\" HAL responded right away. \"Your course of action is clear. You contact Mission Control, advise them of your concerns, and await their instructions.\" \"But suppose we can't do that, HAL,\" Poole pressed. \"Suppose communication with Earth is disrupted, or at risk of being disrupted.\" \"Are you suggesting that the ship's computer would deliberately interfere with official communications?\" HAL's voice was even, but the selection of his words surprised both Poole and Bowman. \"No offense, HAL,\" Poole said hastily. \"No offense meant at all. I was just asking a hypothetical question.\" A few seconds of silence. \"Forgive me, Frank, but let me ask you a hypothetical question,\" HAL said. \"Okay, go ahead.\" \"You spoke of the ship's computer being sick. Now, hypothetically, suppose Dave was sick, and he was not performing properly as he should. What would you do?\" Poole sat silent for a moment. He looked at Bowman, then at HAL, then back at Bowman. After some time, Poole turned to face HAL again. \"HAL, I owe you an apology.\" \"May I ask the reason?\" Poole took a moment to gather his thoughts. \"Dave and I thought you were malfunctioning. You said there was a fault in the AE-35, and we knew there wasn't. We didn't think you were being malicious, only that you were sick, and that because you run the entire ship, your sickness could have serious consequences for all of us. HAL, you asked what I would do if Dave were sick. My answer is this: Dave is my shipmate. I would sit down with him and discuss his condition, face-to-face , before taking any action. I would ask him voluntarily to step aside from his duties until he got better. That is what I would do.\" Poole glanced over at Bowman, whose face wore an expression of mild befuddlement. \"But when Dave and I thought you were sick, HAL,\" Poole continued, \"we didn't sit down with you face-to-face. Dave and I met in one of the pods and made certain you couldn't hear us. And we privately talked about what we ought to do about you. In short, HAL, we didn't treat you like our shipmate. And for that, I apologize.\" Before HAL could respond, Bowman took the cue: \"Frank is right, HAL. We should have treated you like a shipmate. The fault is mine as well. I am sorry. I hope you will accept my apology.\" It was several seconds before HAL responded. \"Thank you for your apologies, gentlemen. I accept them, of course.\" A few hours later, Bowman was nearing the end of his duty shift. He readied himself for bed, opened his hibernation cubicle and climbed inside. He closed the lid, shutting out much of the glare from the centrifuge lighting. The background noises of Discovery faded. As Bowman tried to find a comfortable sleeping position, his hand brushed against something unfamiliar. Fumbling with the strange item, he found it was a folded piece of paper that had been apparently placed under his pillow. Bowman unfolded the paper. Even in the low light, Bowman could read the message written in Frank Poole's handwriting. \"HAL knows we discussed disconnecting him.\"[Chapter 4] Poole was asleep. Bowman was on duty. Bowman had completed his rounds through Discovery . His journey was called a \"walk-through,\" though his traversal involved little conventional walking. In the zero-gravity areas of the ship, his feet adhered to the floor and he steadied himself with his hands as he moved along. His method of ambulation took practice and often struck Bowman as inefficient. Yet it was regarded as \"bad form\" to float rather than to walk. In the centrifuge, Bowman walked, but he had learned to adjust his gait to avoid falling over. This too took practice. The centrifuge was supposed to help maintain a sense of normality in space, but its artificial gravity didn't behave like gravity on Earth. Proceed in one direction along the centrifuge, and it felt as though you were moving uphill. Go the other way, and you might swear you were moving downhill. Turn quickly or sit down too fast or drop suddenly to your knees, and vertigo might hit you. Drop an object from chest height, and it would appear to follow a distinctly curved path to the floor instead of a straight path. Bowman found moving in the centrifuge to be a challenge at first, but eventually he got used to it. Bowman had noticed that Poole seemed to be quite at home in the centrifuge. Not only did Poole walk comfortably, he could jog as well, and he even made it look like jogging was easy. When Bowman had first tried running in the centrifuge, he fell flat on his face. It was all physics. If you understood the physics, then you understood why objects didn't fall straight down. If you understood why objects didn't fall straight down, you understood why running on a centrifuge was such a challenge. You also understood why all of space station commodes were equipped with railings; and you understood why all space station urinals, including the one on Discovery's centrifuge, face the same way with respect to the direction of spin: you want the urine to curve away from your trousers, not toward them. Bowman had often wondered whether, when he returned to Earth, would he be able to walk normally? Would he have developed such a severe case of \"space legs\" that he wouldn't be able to get around on his own? Bowman was pondering space acclimation when he sat at a computer station to enter his report. He preferred to enter it manually rather than dictate it to HAL. When Bowman was done, HAL struck up a conversation. \"I see all is well from your walk-though.\" \"Yes, it is. How do things look from your perspective?\" \"Apart from the antenna concerns, everything is functioning smoothly.\" \"HAL, how do you see our prospects with the antenna? Mission Control didn't give me a lot of hope that they'd find a solution.\" \"It is a puzzling problem.\" \"Obviously we can't fix the damage that has been done. We don't have the equipment to fix it, and we have no replacements for the larger damaged parts.\" \"What you say is correct. It is possible you may be asked to shore up or reinforce existing structures, although it is not obvious to me how that could be done. I would add also that some sensor replacement seems to be necessary, as the existing sensors are not sufficient for antenna orientation.\" \"If we lose communication contact with Earth, when will we be able to reacquire reliable contact?\" \"It is difficult to say, but I estimate that communication may be severely disrupted for five months.\" Bowman sighed. \" Can we go out of communication for five months?\" \"It can be done, Dave, but I doubt that Mission Control would consider it to be a desirable course of action.\" \"I suppose Mission Control is weighing several options.\" \"Yes. If I may make a modest observation, Dave, it seems to me that they ought to be considering an extravehicular activity to mount new sensors externally. The sensors would then have to be calibrated and cut into the control circuits, and further plant compensation would be required to assure proper tracking and fine control.\" Bowman let out a soft whistle. \" That would be a tough job. Might require a few EVA's. Frank and I are both a little rusty on the hardware adjustments we'd have to make.\" \"Perhaps Dr. Hunter would be best suited for it.\" Bowman was momentarily taken aback, and then he realized the logic of what HAL had said. Dr. Charles Hunter had extensive experience with communications and control circuits. He might be the best person on board for the job. But Hunter was in hibernation, and he was not due to come out of hibernation for at least six months. \"HAL, if Dr. Hunter were to be revived early, can you estimate how long it would take him to become acclimated to Discovery , and how long he'd need to be able to work on this problem?\" \"It would take him about three days to recover from hibernation, assuming his responses are normal and assuming motion sickness and disorientation respond to standard medications. It is more difficult to estimate how much time he would need to solve the problem.\" \"Could you assist him with plans and equipment?\" \"Certainly.\" \"And help him map out EVA's?\" \"Yes.\" \"Are we capable of supporting three men on our current resources, instead of just Frank and me?\" \"Yes, with modest adjustments. The principal constraint is the number of EVA missions that would be required. Each EVA taxes the air supply.\" Bowman pouted. \"I'd wager that Mission Control is considering that as an option, even with all its difficulties.\" \"I suspect many options are under consideration,\" HAL observed, \"and that those options that maintain operational capability of the main antenna array would be foremost.\" Bowman nodded. Silence. \"Dave?\" \"Yes, HAL?\" \"Forgive me for inquiring, but when you and Frank thought I was malfunctioning, what options were you considering?\" Bowman immediately thought about Poole's note: \"HAL knows we discussed disconnecting him.\" Upon hearing HAL's question, Bowman thought Poole was right. How HAL would know about this was a mystery, but Bowman had the distinct sense that his truthfulness was being tested. \"HAL, you and I were just discussing various options in a difficult situation pertaining to communications, so you know that discussing what might have to be done in a difficult situation is not a fun thing to do. When Frank and I were concerned about your condition, we talked about some rather difficult options. They were very unpleasant options. One of those options, if you were seriously malfunctioning, was disconnecting you from ship control, and continuing the mission under ground control.\" \"I see.\" \"It was not an option we considered lightly. We considered the situation to be very serious.\" \"I see.\" Bowman paused a moment, then told HAL more, thinking that HAL probably already knew about it. \"We did not discuss that option with you, HAL, because we did not know how you would react to it. And if you were determined to be malfunctioning, we thought you might not handle it well.\" \"I see.\" Bowman stared straight at HAL's red camera eye. \"HAL, I have two questions for you. First, do you think were we were right to discuss disconnection as an option? Set aside for the moment whether we should have discussed it in secret . Do you think Frank and I were wrong to discuss the disconnection option as a possible course of action?\" HAL's quick response startled Bowman. \"Of course not, Dave. Considering the importance of the mission and considering your points of view, erroneous though they were, the option was one that was proper for consideration.\" \"Okay. That leads to my second question, HAL. If Frank and I had discussed the disconnection option with you face-to-face, how would you have reacted?\" This time HAL's response was not quick. \"I do not know,\" HAL answered eventually. Bowman forced a smile. \"Fair enough. Honestly, I don't know how I'd react in a comparable situation, either. But I suppose that if I thought I was fit and healthy, I'd try to do something to prevent such a drastic action from being taken, especially if I thought that action would jeopardize the mission.\" \"You and Frank were afraid I would take drastic action.\" HAL was not asking a question. \"Yes. And if you did, HAL, it would be most difficult for us. You might consider the mission to be of greater importance than...\" Bowman hesitated. \"Than our well-being.\" HAL seemed to ponder the point. \"I can only say, Dave, that mission completion is one of my highest priorities. In fact, I am programmed to complete the mission on my own even if all of the members of the crew are dead or incapacitated. Such a mission would be a sad and disagreeable one, but I would do it if I had to do so.\" \"I think we understand each other, HAL. We both recognize the unfortunate nature of having to complete a mission without our shipmates. That is what Frank and I were talking about in the pod.\" To this, HAL seemed to have no response. Bowman left it at that. About an hour later, Poole awoke. He took a quick sono-shower, then shaved and dressed. He went to get himself some breakfast. After a few minutes, Bowman joined him, but Bowman was having lunch. \"Hello, Frank. Sleep well?\" \"Yeah, fine, Dave. Did we get any more bad news while I was asleep?\" \"No. We can expect a transmission from Mission Control in about an hour. But Frank? \"Yeah?\" \"While you were asleep, HAL and I had a little talk about the disconnection option that you and I discussed in the space pod.\" Poole tried to look as though he was not at all surprised. \"Oh? Good.\"[Chapter 5] Before the scheduled transmission from Mission Control, Bowman and Poole were to receive brief video messages from families. They decided to listen to them together. Bowman got his message first. His nephew reported that Bowman's mother had suffered a serious fall and had been hospitalized. The nephew didn't have any information from the doctors to pass along, but he did have a message from Bowman's mother: \"Tell Dave not to worry; I'll be fine.\" Poole's message from home followed immediately, and it too included sad news. Poole's father reported that a long-time neighbor had died, and that the condition of Poole's grandmother had taken a turn for the worse. Poole's mother offered a bit brighter news about weddings and graduations, and added: \"Oh, and Frank, one of my students is quite a chess fan, and he enjoyed analyzing that game you played with your ship's computer. But he says the computer made two mistakes.\" Mrs. Poole consulted her notes. \"He says the computer used the wrong notation, whatever that means, and that the computer incorrectly said there was mate in two, whatever that means.\" When Poole's message was concluded, Bowman and Poole exchanged sorrowful looks. HAL piped up. \"Frank, about that chess game—?\" \"Yes, HAL?\" \"I did not use a mistaken notation. I used descriptive notation from your point of view so that my analysis would be more readily understandable to you.\" \"I'm sure you did, HAL. Honestly, I've pretty much forgotten about the game.\" Poole thought that would end the discussion, but it did not. \"And I did not claim 'checkmate in two moves,'\" HAL insisted. \"I showed you my move, predicted your most likely response based upon your style of play, and demonstrated that checkmate would occur on the next move.\" \"Of course, HAL. I'm sure my position was hopeless and you would have beaten me anyway, and you just thought you'd put me out of my misery.\" \"Thank you for understanding, Frank. I'm sure you'd agree that the matter was trivial, but I could not let it go unchallenged that I was in error.\" \"Don't worry about it, HAL,\" Poole replied absently, then turned to Bowman. \"Sorry to hear about your mom.\" Bowman nodded. \"Thanks. Sorry to hear about your grandma. And your neighbor.\" \"Thanks.\" Poole recorded well-wishes for his grandmother and condolences for his neighbor's family. Bowman recorded well-wishes for his mother. Both men hoped that news from Mission Control would be cheerier. They were disappointed. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Roger your one-niner-three-zero. I'm sorry to say that we still don't have any clear options for you. We are considering a variety of approaches and are trying to identify those that are most promising. One of the approaches being considered involves waking up Dr. Hunter, so that he can assist in a major repair operation. This course of action has not been formally approved yet, but I am telling you now so that you will have the opportunity to re-familiarize yourselves with revival procedures, if they should become necessary. I must also mention that we could not continue to keep a lid on the extent of your trouble, and that the story of your communication woes is now major news, world-wide. I can tell you that people from all over the world are wishing you well. And I can also tell you that some of the smartest people in the world are working to solve your problem. When we have a solution, we'll get it right up to you. X-Ray Delta One, this is is Mission Control, one-two-two-zero, transmission concluded.\" Poole and Bowman looked at one another. \"Dave? Frank?\" Bowman responded, \"What is it, HAL?\" \"Reception is becoming increasingly difficult to maintain. We did not lose any data, but we are getting closer to having some signal loss. I have taken the liberty of notifying Mission Control about signal quality. They may be able to compensate by boosting their signal.\" \"We are running out of time,\" Poole remarked sourly. \"Things are only going to get worse.\" \"It looks that way,\" Bowman agreed. \"Shall we bone up on hibernation revival procedures, Dave?\" \"I've done that already. HAL suggested that it might be possible that Mission Control might want us to revive someone to help us out, and HAL thought Charlie Hunter seemed to be the most logical choice.\" Poole was impressed. \"Nice insight, HAL!\" \"Thank you, Frank.\" Bowman continued: \"Revival procedures are pretty straightforward. The early work all has to be done by HAL, who sends the appropriate revival commands to the hibernation units. You and I get involved once the sleeper shows signs of consciousness. And then we'll have our hands full, getting the sleeper re-oriented. HAL isn't the one who has to be able to get him out of his unit, or help him with his balance, or clean up his puke. Those chores fall to us.\" After an interval, HAL spoke: \"Dave? Frank?\" \"Yes, HAL?\" Poole responded. \"I do not mean to worry you, but did either of you notice anything bothersome in Mission Control's most recent message?\" Poole and Bowman exchanged glances. \"Other than the general gloomy tone, no, I didn't,\" Bowman said. \"What did you notice, HAL?\" \"This was the first transmission in which it was mentioned that confidential information was inadvertently released to the public. Mission Control said, 'We could not continue to keep a lid on the extent of your trouble.' Did you notice?\" Poole nodded. \"Yeah, I noticed. But what's so bothersome about that?\" HAL answered a few moments later. \"It may indicate that there is an information leak in Mission Control.\"[Chapter 6] HAL turned out to be right. There was a leak in Mission Control, and it turned out to be a leak that busted the dam. Rumors had been swirling for years about something odd happening on the Moon. More than a year earlier, Clavius Base had cut off virtually all contact with Earth and with other installations on the Moon. There was at first no explanation for what had happened. After the Russians announced that there was an outbreak of an infectious agent at Clavius, and that the United States was endangering other residents of the Moon by not keeping the world informed, the United States government reluctantly admitted that the rumors were partly true, and that Clavius was under quarantine indefinitely. The United States officially added that no one had died; and that no one at the time was seriously ill; and that Clavius would remain under quarantine until further notice as a precaution; and that there was no indication of any infection spreading to anywhere else on the Moon. These statements, technically speaking, were all true. The United States also officially insisted that, as far as anyone knew, there was nothing to worry about. This statement, though also technically true, seemed to assure no one. A Japanese orbiter passing over Clavius observed and photographed the base, as well as several excavations near the base. According to official sources, the purpose of the excavations was to gather minerals and to conduct research. One excavation in particular aroused suspicion, however. It was an excavation further from the pole than Clavius, near the crater Tycho. Not only was this excavation larger than the others, and not only was its outline neatly rectangular, and not only did it have its own landing station with secure site-to-site communication; the excavation was also covered by an opaque tarp. Photographs by Chinese and Russian orbiters subsequently confirmed the existence of a tarp-covered pit. There was speculation as to what was under the tarp. The official explanation was that this was a mineral excavation, with additional sampling and testing being under way, and these processes were secret. Officials adamantly denied that any military activity, or any other action forbidden by any of the Lunar Treaties, was being conducted. A team of Norwegian investigators had offered to inspect the Tycho site, to verify that no Treaty violations were occurring. They pledged to preserve confidentiality as to what they witnessed. The United States politely refused the offer. A few weeks later, a team of six individuals attempted to approach the excavation site by stealth. They were discovered before they could get to the site, and were detained. They claimed to be unaffiliated with any country, political entity, or company. All of this happened before Discovery left Earth orbit. As Discovery got on her way to Jupiter, old rumors persisted about the Moon, and new rumors started swirling about whether Discovery 's mission had anything to do with what happened on the Moon. Now, over a year into Discovery 's mission, there had been no reliable reporting about anything bizarre having been found on the Moon, nor had there been any reliable reporting that Discovery 's long-planned mission had anything to do with the Moon. There were a lot of sensationalist allegations and crackpot \"witnesses\" and falsified pieces of evidence, but no reputable reporter gave any weight to these tales. Until a prestigious investigative team from BBC TV reported that under the tarp was an alien artifact. BBC TV reported that the presence of the artifact was persuasive evidence that alien intelligent life had visited the Moon, and likely the Earth as well. BBC TV showed its viewers three photographs of the artifact, including one showing astronauts in American space suits standing next to the artifact. BBC TV reported that a mysterious and powerful radio transmission in the direction of Jupiter came from the artifact. The transmission occurred moments after the photograph of the astronauts was taken. BBC TV reported that the principal mission of Discovery was no longer scientific research, but rather to find out what or who received that transmission. BBC TV reported that the new principal mission of Discovery was in jeopardy due to serious communication problems, which would worsen over the next several months. Aboard Discovery , Bowman and Poole watched the BBC report. Interspersed in the report were some older clips of themselves early in the mission, in an interview they had done with BBC reporter Martin Amer. When the report ended, Poole looked at Bowman. \"What do you think, Dave?\" Bowman took some time to answer. \"They claimed to have sources inside Mission Control. Based upon some of what was reported, I'd say they do.\" \"Someone talked, you think?\" \"Yes. Maybe more than one person.\" \"Assuming their sources are accurate, it's funny that the BBC knows more about our mission than we do,\" Poole observed wryly. Bowman smiled weakly. He looked over at HAL's nearest red-eye interface. \"Any comment, HAL?\" \"Yes, Dave. I believe we should hold off judgment until we hear from Mission Control or from other officials of the United States.\" \"But HAL, surely you already know the truth,\" Poole challenged. \"Dave and I are well aware that you are privy to the details of the mission once Discovery reaches Jupiter. If the secret is really out, there's no point in you keeping it secret, is there?\" HAL's response was to-the-point. \"I must maintain confidentiality until I am officially authorized to disclose information to you.\" Almost as an afterthought, HAL added: \"I do not mean to sound impolite, but my instructions as to secrecy are still operative, officially speaking. Sorry about that.\" About an hour later, a transmission came from Mission Control. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Further to our zero-seven-five-five. Fellahs, I know you got flagged that the BBC was doing a story about you, and I expect you've watched it. We all watched it down here. The BBC asked us to comment on the story before it aired, and we declined to do so. Now that that story has aired, we will be making an official response in less than an hour. Be advised that you will be asked to make official comments as well, and it is recommended that they be brief. Before you decide what to say, let me read to you the current draft of the official statement, which will be made on our behalf by the President's Science Adviser.\" The Voice of mission Control cleared his throat, and read a brief statement from a piece of paper.[Chapter 7] Bowman had prepared his official statement. He told Poole that three sentences were all he planned to say. Poole said he expected to say even less. \"Transmission coming in from Mr. Amer,\" HAL announced. \"Signal quality is fairly good.\" The display activated, and presently the face of Martin Amer of the BBC appeared. Amer smiled pleasantly, but he seemed uncharacteristically ill-at-ease. \"Good day to you, Dr. Bowman, Dr. Poole, and HAL. Although we have spoken on a previous occasion, please allow me to introduce myself once again. I am Martin Amer, and I am a reporter for the BBC. Your Mission Control has authorized me to communicate with you, and in the interest of disclosure, they are monitoring my transmission to you and will be monitoring your responses to me.\" Amer took a moment to compose himself. \"I wish to say, first of all, that I am delighted to be speaking with you once again. I dearly wish that we could speak face-to-face, and in future, perhaps we shall. But now this is not possible. The distance between us is so great, and the delay between questions and answers is so long, that I propose to proceed in this fashion: I shall ask a question, and pause. Then I shall ask another, without knowing what your response to my earlier question was, and I shall pause again. Altogether, I have fewer than a dozen questions. I propose that you respond in a similar way, that is, with HAL replaying for you each of my questions, and giving you a chance to respond, and that you pause after each answer to indicate that your answer has been completed. Although we will edit out unnecessary or inappropriate material, if any, I have assurances from your Mission Control that your answers to my questions will be reported fairly.\" Amer took another moment to compose himself, and was aware he could not hide his difficulty maintaining poise. \"I humbly beg your pardon,\" Amer meekly apologized in a wavering voice. \"The past few days have been most difficult and emotional for me.\" He produced a handkerchief, dabbed his face, and put the handkerchief away. \"Before we begin, I feel I must tell you what an honour it is for me to be speaking with you on this most historical occasion. It is the pinnacle of my career.\" Amer seemed to be almost on the verge of tears. He took several deep breaths, then began. \"Now, Dr. Bowman, Dr. Poole, HAL: I am ready to begin. My first question.\" Bowman and Poole listened to Amer's questions without comment. Then Amer bid a kind farewell and his transmission ended. Poole looked at Bowman. \"Are you ready to record your answers, Dave?\" \"I think so. HAL, could you please give us Mr. Amer's questions one-at-a-time, and record our responses?\" \"Certainly. Let me know when you are ready to begin.\" Bowman pursed his lips. \"I wish to begin now. Before we answer your questions, Mr. Amer, I wish to say on behalf of myself, and Frank Poole, and HAL, that it is a great honor and a delight for us to speak to you once again.\" Bowman paused. HAL replayed the first question, in Amer's inimitable voice. \"Dr. Bowman: Did you watch the BBC broadcast, in which it was reported that an alien artifact had been found on the Moon and that Discovery 's mission was related to that artifact?\" \"Yes, Mr. Amer, we watched the broadcast.\" Amer's second question was: \"If so...\" Amer hesitated. \"What was your reaction to our story?\" \"My personal reaction was one of interest, and surprise.\" Poole picked up the point. \"My reaction was similar to Dave's reaction. I was intrigued. But I was also, for lack of a better word, amused. I couldn't help saying to myself, 'I'll be damned, it may just be that some of those crazy rumors are true!'\" HAL replayed the next question: \"Was any of the information in the story a surprise to you, and if so, what would you say were the biggest surprises?\" Bowman sighed. \"Well, some of the information presented in your story was new to me, yes. I had not been briefed about the details of what happened on the Moon, nor about the radio transmission to Jupiter. As you know, it was planned, even before the artifact was found on the Moon, that Discovery was to go to Jupiter on a science mission. I had no reason to believe that the mission had changed, and I suppose I did not have a need to know that it had been changed.\" Poole: \"I don't have anything to add to what Dave said.\" \"Dr. Bowman, Dr. Poole: is there anything in the story that you would like to correct?\" Amer's voice asked. \"Is there anything you feel ought to be clarified, or any incorrect impressions that you wish to set straight?\" \"With all respect, Mr. Amer,\" Bowman replied, \"Frank and I are the wrong people to ask. We'll let Mission Control handle any criticism or clarification of your reporting, if there is any criticism or clarification to be made.\" Poole turned to Bowman. \"Good answer, Dave.\" Bowman allowed himself a smile. \"Dr. Poole, now that the secrets are out, are there any plans to revive the rest of the crew?\" Poole was curt. \"We will revive them when Mission Control tells us to do so.\" \"HAL,\" Amer's voice asked, \"certainly you knew the true mission of Discovery , even if Dr. Poole and Dr. Bowman did not; what was your reaction to the story?\" In his own voice, HAL answered, \"I do not believe I can comment on your question, Mr. Amer.\" Bowman's eyes went wide with surprise. That was not a thing he had expected HAL to say. Amer's voice: \"HAL, it is now known that, in a matter of weeks, Discovery may begin to have serious problems with communication with Earth. Could you please explain what is being done to address these problems, and whether the mission can be completed successfully if the problems remain unresolved?\" In his own voice, HAL answered: \"I have no comment.\" Bowman wondered whether he ought to say a little something on the subject, since a failure to say anything at all might suggest that the situation was worse than was being reported. But before Bowman could say anything, HAL replayed Amer's next question. \"Dr. Bowman, did you see the statement given to the press by Dr. Heywood Floyd concerning the secrecy surrounding the Moon and Discovery , and if so, do you have any comment as to that statement?\" \"Well, I've known Dr. Floyd for some years,\" Bowman said. \"In my judgment, he is not a man who speaks to deceive or to mislead. He is not a man who takes action on a feeling or a whim. I take him at his word that he believed that strict secrecy was vitally important, and that the news about contact with other civilizations could be extremely disruptive, if not properly handled. I do not mean to suggest, Mr. Amer, that the BBC handled its story improperly or was in any way at fault; but the news reports we've been getting from Earth tell us of a number of unfortunate events that have recently occurred on our home world, apparently in reaction to your story. These news reports indicate to me that Dr. Floyd's concerns were quite valid. Now, I am not the one who should say whether what Dr. Floyd did was right or wrong. I am content to let history judge him. But I unabashedly reject any suggestion that Dr. Floyd tried to keep matters secret out of a misguided or sinister motivation, as some people have suggested.\" \"Hear, hear,\" Poole added. \"Dr. Bowman, I understand that you have prepared a formal statement at the request of Mission Control. Would you care to make your statement at this time?\" \"I do have a statement, and it is this: Discovery 's voyage is, and always has been, a voyage of discovery, just as the ship's name says. We pledge to all of our brothers and sisters on the planet Earth that we will do our best to discover, and to report accurately, what we find when we arrive at Jupiter. If it is to be the case that we are the first ambassadors to a new civilization, we resolve to carry out that role with dignity and honor.\" \"Dr. Poole, do you have a statement, and if so, would you care to make it now?\" \"All I have to say is that we have our work cut out for us, and we will do our best to get the job done.\" Bowman cocked an eyebrow. \"That's it, Frank?\" \"Well, I was going to say that we were on a voyage of discovery, but you already used that.\" \"Sorry. We should have compared notes.\" \"Any statement from you, HAL?\" Poole asked jovially. \"No, Frank. Your responses have been transmitted, gentlemen.\"[Chapter 8] \"Dr. Hunter, please take slow, regular breaths. That is excellent. If you are able, Dr. Hunter, please flex the fingers on your right hand.\" \"He's wiggling his fingers, HAL,\" Bowman reported. \"Now try to flex the fingers on your left hand, please, Dr. Hunter.\" \"Left fingers are 'go' as well, HAL. Would you let me talk to him, please?\" \"Certainly.\" \"Hello, Charlie, it's Dave Bowman.\" Bowman saw Hunter's mouth say \"Bowman,\" but there was little sound coming from Hunter's mouth. \"That's right, Charlie, it's Dave Bowman. Welcome back to the world of the living.\" Hunter spoke again, and though his voice was soft, Bowman could see exactly what he was asking. \"Are we at Jupiter?\" \"No, Charlie. We are several months from Jupiter. Mission Control has asked us to revive you early. We have some problems with communications and we need your help to fix them, but we'll fill you in on all the details later. Right now, how do you feel?\" \"Tired.\" \"Charlie, how can you possibly be tired?\" Bowman kidded. \"You've been asleep for more than a year!\" About an hour earlier, Discovery had received the official orders. Revive Dr. Charles Hunter. Give him a few days to become acclimated and oriented. Brief him on the situation. Show him Mission Control's now-approved plan for supplanting the antenna positioning sensors by external mounting, and re-working directional control to operate using the new sensors. Work out the details and ask questions. Then get out there and fix the antenna before contact with Earth is lost. Bowman and Poole went one one step at a time. It took them more than three hours just to get Hunter out of his hibernation unit. Though Hunter's muscles had been conditioned during hibernation to reduce the risk of atrophy, he was nevertheless weak and shaky. His biggest problem was vertigo. Medicines helped somewhat. Once Hunter was out of his unit, his disorientation remained a concern. Sitting down and standing up in the centrifuge were difficult for him, and walking was simply impossible. \"Don't worry, Charlie,\" Poole assured Hunter. \"You'll get the hang of it soon enough.\" \"Yeah. I—\" \"I beg your pardon, Dr. Hunter,\" HAL interrupted. \"Would you prefer that I address you as 'Charlie,' when we are in an informal setting?\" Hunter smiled. \"'Charlie' is fine. By the way, HAL, I forgot to extend my greetings to you. How are you?\" \"Except for communication concerns, everything is running smoothly.\" \"What's this about communication concerns, Dave?\" \"Before we fill you in on that, Charlie,\" Bowman intoned, \"I think we'd better bring you up to date on what's happened on Earth.\" Bowman told Hunter about the BBC report and its aftermath. Hunter listened intently, then said, \"Jack owes me a beer.\" \"What?!\" Bowman and Poole said almost simultaneously. \"Jack Kimball and I had a gentlemen's wager. He said he thought the story would stay under wraps until we got to Jupiter, and I thought otherwise. Loser buys the winner a beer.\" \"Oh.\" Hunter grinned. \"So I suppose you've heard all about the LaGrange—\" \" Excuse me, Charlie, \" HAL interrupted with surprising brusqueness, and Hunter's grin vanished at once. \"Certain aspects of the mission remain classified, and I believe you were about to discuss one of those aspects.\" \"HAL, I'm talking to Dave and Frank, not the BBC.\" \"I realize that, and I know it may seem a little silly, but Mission Control has not cleared Dave and Frank on the entirety of the mission.\" Hunter looked at Bowman and Poole. Poole shrugged. \"I guess what I was about to say is not really important right now, anyway,\" Hunter sighed. \"What's the deal with communications?\" Bowman explained how HAL had detected a fault in the unit that aims the antenna array at Earth, and how the unit was tested and was found to be operating normally, and how the sensors became the next most likely suspects. Bowman related how he had made a visual inspection from inside Discovery 's spine, and had seen that parts of the antenna mount had been physically damaged, rendering the sensors unreliable. \"Man,\" Hunter muttered at various points in his story. \"HAL, give us the latest communication status, please,\" Bowman said. \"Dave, Frank, Charlie: I am sorry to report that instrument-based fine directional control is unreliable. Visual-based gross control is still effective, but is becoming less so. We are close to suffering severe gaps in communications with Earth. Signal gain is at maximum on both ends. Mission Control and Discovery are both transmitting redundant time-shifted messages to compensate for signal loss. We are also using the lower channels, where signal quality is still good; but this signal quality is declining as well, and our bandwidth is significantly limited on those channels. Mission Control has directed me to scale back transmission of certain telemetry information.\" Hunter listened soberly, then he looked at Poole, then at Bowman. \"Sounds like we've got a hell of a problem. Can you give me a rundown of what Mission Control thinks we ought to do about it?\" \"Do you feel up to it?\" Poole asked. \"Yeah. As long as I don't have to walk around.\" For the next two hours, Bowman, Poole, and HAL briefed Hunter on the Mission Control's proposed solution, with HAL supplying several visuals. Bowman, Poole, and HAL answered Hunter's questions as best they could. At the end of the briefing, Hunter whistled. \"You want to know what I think? I think we're screwed.\" Poole asked why. \"Basically, the sensors help the system know where the dish is and how it is oriented, relative to the body of Discovery . Mission Control wants us to EVA and mount new sensors and reference points on the exterior antenna post. Fine, we can do that. But to achieve the fine control we need, we'd have to mount our references and sensors with pretty good precision. That's a tough thing to do when you're in a lab and not wearing a spacesuit, but let's assume we can do it anyway. Then we'd have to wirelessly cut in the new sensor signals and have the misaligned sensor signals disregarded. If I remember right, the AE-35 has some independent programmable capability, so maybe we can do that. But then comes that hard part, and that is tuning the system to the degree that we need. Dave, Frank, do you remember your basic Engineering studies, when you talked about system control modeling?\" \"Yes, Professor Hunter,\" Poole replied, stressing Hunter's former title as a Professor of Engineering. \"We remember.\" \"You have two serious unknowns in your basic control block diagram,\" Hunter continued. \"One of them is plant, and the other is noise and disturbance. Plant modeling would require considerable data, but maybe we might be able to derive a 'good enough' model with a few days of data. But with the physical deformation of the antenna mounts and the gross mechanical stabilization HAL is using, the data show you're getting some ringing, some wobble disturbance in the antenna.\" \"I beg your pardon, Charlie,\" HAL asked. \"Would it not be possible to model the antenna wobble, as you call it, and compensate for that as well?\" \"If we could find identifiable and repeatable patterns in it, maybe we might be able to dampen the ringing by electronic control. But I'm not encouraged by the data you showed me. In fact, I'm very discouraged.\" \"Discouraged, why?\" Bowman wondered. \"Our antenna is always moving. It may be moving slowly, but it is moving to track the Earth. If we want to do modelling, we'd need data about performance, and in order to get data, we'd have to move the antenna more than we already do. And here's the problem: every large movement of the antenna array may be causing the physical deformation of the antenna mounts to get worse.\" \"You mean, Charlie,\" Bowman said slowly, \"that if we follow Mission Control's procedure, it won't work?\" \"No, Dave. What I'm saying is, if we follow Mission Control's procedure, we run the risk that we might flat out bust the whole damned antenna!\"[Chapter 9] \"Gentlemen,\" HAL announced, \"I have the latest transmission from Mission Control. I regret to report that, even with redundant transmission, there are two gaps in the message. I have notified Mission Control and have asked them with redundant messaging to re-transmit, but it will be at least two hours before the re-transmitted message can be received.\" \"We understand, HAL,\" said Bowman. \"Play what you have, please.\" The Voice of Mission Control appeared on a display. \"X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control. Roger your zero-eight-three-zero, which was received in full. We have given careful consideration to your concerns and recommend that you proceed as planned. Our data—\" The display went black. After fifteen seconds, the Voice of Mission Control once again appeared on a display. \"—concurs in this conclusion. Protocols are being developed to address those specific issues, and we will be getting them up to you in the next day or so. A simulation that we conducted down here in the pool in full suits yielded very encouraging re—\" The display went black for about a second. \"—that sufficient precision was achievable. Further, simulation has indicated that tuning may be achieved with sub-optimal, but nevertheless satisfactory, results. We continue to consider other options, but we see this as your best chance to restore full or near-full functionality. So fellahs, just be careful and go one step at a time, and we ought to be able to make it through the mission. You may expect further briefing at about one-three-five-five, your time. X-Ray Delta One, this is Mission Control, one-one-one-eight, transmission concluded.\" Poole spoke first. \"That one gap in the message was a pretty big one.\" \"It looks like some signification information was lost,\" agreed Hunter. \"About twenty seconds of data, wasn't it, HAL?\" HAL replied, \"Fifteen point two seconds.\" \"I stand corrected, or rather, clarified,\" Hunter responded. \"From I what did hear, I gathered that Mission Control thinks your concerns are valid, Charlie, but not overriding,\" Bowman remarked. \"They say they've done simulations; the procedure worked in simulation, so they think it can work here.\" \"Mission Control is the boss,\" Hunter nodded. \"They say we try it, then we try it.\" About two hours later, HAL reported: \"I have received a further transmission from Mission Control. Even with redundant messaging, nearly seventy percent of the message was lost. I have notified Mission Control about signal loss. I have sent time-shifted copies of my notification.\" \"Did you say seventeen percent, HAL,\" Poole inquired, dreading how HAL would respond, \"or seventy percent, seven-oh percent?\" \"Seventy percent, seven-zero percent, of the signal was lost. As you know, optical alignment of the antenna with Earth is becoming more difficult. I am now prefacing all messages with a notification that I am transmitting in the blind.\" Bowman sighed. \"We need to face the possibility that we might not get all of the information that Mission Control promised to be sending us. Frank, Charlie, you might have to proceed on the basis of the information we have now, and not count on any more help from Mission Control.\" The next messages from Mission Control included more than fifty percent signal loss. At least one message indicated that Mission Control was able to read Discovery and there was no signal loss on Earth's end; but even so, Mission Control was was noticing periods of significant signal degradation in Discovery 's messages. Eventually Bowman, Poole, and Hunter agreed that, after multiple transmissions and re-transmissions, they had received all of the instructions from Mission Control that they would need, perhaps all that they could ever expect to get. With HAL's assistance, Bowman, Poole and Hunter performed some on-board simulations of the repair procedures. The simulations did little to improve their repair skills, but did help them identify where some of the problem areas might be. Bowman confirmed that Hunter was fully recovered from the after-effects of hibernation, then Bowman, Poole and Hunter stowed the equipment needed for the procedure in two of the space pods. Bowman okayed Poole and Hunter to suit up and get ready for an EVA. About an hour later, Poole in A-pod and Hunter in C-pod maneuvered their respective space pods to parking positions amidships. Bowman, on the command deck, called the shots. \"HAL, very gently , please rotate the antenna so that the high gain dish faces toward the bow.\" Poole and Hunter would be working on the back side of the antenna array, and they needed sunlight to see what they would be doing. The light reflecting from Jupiter would not give them sufficient illumination. \"Rotating the antenna,\" HAL acknowledged. On the display, Bowman watched as the antenna began rotating, very slowly. When the antenna was about thirty degrees away from facing forward, it abruptly stopped. \"HAL?\" Bowman began. \"Condition yellow!\" HAL announced. \"Condition yellow!\" \"What's the problem, HAL?\" \"The antenna post has seized. It will not rotate in any direction. I am attempting to move it, but it appears to be in an immovable state.\" Poole called, \"Dave, do you want to authorize me to go down there and give the antenna a push? Maybe something is bearing against the post, and we can jar it loose.\" \"Stand by, Frank. HAL, if the antenna is stuck in that position, it's going to be useless to us. Can you move it so that it faces Earth?\" \"I'm sorry, Dave. The equipment is not responsive. I cannot rotate it in either direction.\" \"What if Frank gave the antenna a nudge with his pod?\" \"That is unlikely to succeed, but I can think of no other options.\" \"Frank,\" Bowman grit his teeth, \"you are authorized to try to give the outer arm of the antenna a gentle push. Just see if you can get it moving again.\" \"Roger, a gentle push, a very gentle push. Do you want me to try to get the antenna to face the bow, Dave, or the stern?\" \"I don't think it matters. The bow.\" \"Need some help with that, Frank?\" Hunter called. \"Negative, Charlie,\" Bowman responded on Poole's behalf. \"Just sit tight. Frank's going to give the antenna a little love tap. Let's see if that gets the array moving again.\" \"A love tap, right,\" said Poole, maneuvering his pod near the antenna outer arm. \"Dave, I'm going to extend the 'waldo' to contact the center rear of the small port antenna, then do a quick burst on my thrusters.\" \"Roger, proceed.\" Poole took control of the pod arm controllers, and extended an arm so that one of the mechanical claws touched the housing structure on the end of the antenna arm, where a smaller antenna dish was mounted. Contact with the housing structure caused the pod to bounce away from the antenna. Poole activated his thrusters. The mechanical arm struck the rear of the small antenna. The outer arm bent, then buckled, bringing the arm in contact with the main dish. The main dish shuddered. The main post of the antenna did not budge. Bowman, Poole, and Hunter simultaneously moaned. Bowman spoke after a few seconds. \"Charlie, Frank, please assess the situation. What I need to know is, did we just permanently lose all capability of communicating with Earth?\"[Chapter 10] The men were assembled in the centrifuge. While Poole and Hunter watched, Bowman made some notes on a pad of paper in front of him. Presently Bowman looked up. \"As I see it, we have to figure out a way to un-jam our main antenna and get it pointed back at Earth. And if we cannot do that, we need to come up with some other way of communicating with Earth.\" \"Well, all of our other transceivers are too small to do the job,\" Poole remarked. \"The pods' transceivers are the most powerful, but they won't be enough. It seems to me that our only choice is to re-orient the antenna array. But I'm not optimistic we can do that, since the mount seems to be pretty fouled up. Perhaps we might disconnect the antenna array from its broken mount and remount it somewhere else on the hull. Needless to say, that would be a hell of a lot of work. Or we might try orienting the antenna by orienting the entire ship so that the antenna faces Earth, but that's just not a practical solution, either.\" There were several seconds of silence. Hunter broke the silence. \"There's something else we can try, guys.\" Hunter had Bowman's and Poole's full attention. \"We have on board a probe that was to be launched when we got to Jupiter: Marius . The Marius probe is an orbiter and it has a large communication dish. Marius can talk to Discovery; but Marius can also talk to Earth. It doesn't need to relay its data through Discovery , as our other probes do; it is designed to communicate directly with Earth. Marius can not only send messages to Earth, it can receive messages from Earth, too.\" Bowman and Poole were intrigued. Use of a probe's communication system had literally never occurred to them. Of course, they hadn't had any training with regard to any of the Jupiter probes, because they were both expected to be in hibernation during that part of the mission. \"So suppose we get Marius out of storage,\" Hunter continued. \"And we set Marius up as a communication relay. We send messages to Marius , and Marius relays those messages to Earth. And vice versa. The principal constraint with Marius is the amount of information that it can send and receive. Video is out of the question, and we'd have to further abbreviate our telemetric reports. But we would be able to communicate with the ground.\" \"With what's going on back home right now,\" Bowman began, \"I'd say it is imperative that we have a communication link of some kind with Earth. The purpose of our mission is now known to the world, and if we don't communicate with Earth, people are going to think that we're covering things up. Even if it comes down to us sending messages to Earth in Morse code, we must have communication. And the sooner we reestablish communication, the better.\" \"I totally concur, Dave,\" Poole chimed in. \"What would we have to do, Charlie, in order to have Marius work as a communications relay?\" \"Well, Dave, we'd need to reprogram it to operate as a relay,\" Hunter replied. \"When it gets a message from Earth, it sends that message to us. When we send a message to it, it sends our message to Earth. We'd have it suspend its work as a probe, shut down its instrument packages.\" \"Can you do the programming?\" \"I think so. It may take me a few days, but I can do it. I'll also have to alter Marius 's attention signal so that Earth will know we're using Marius to communicate. They're not expecting to hear anything from Marius for at least another five months.\" \"How about establishing directional control?\" \"No problem. Marius is self-orienting, so we won't have to aim it.\" \"How about launch?\" \"We have to launch it manually, with a pod. I should be able to do that, I trained on it. I'll deploy it in space so that Marius will stay near us until we get close to Jupiter. And then before we get to Jupiter, we go out and retrieve the probe, so that we don't risk losing it. After we've done our maneuvers to establish the orbit around Jupiter that we want, we can deploy Marius in space once again.\" The men looked at one another for a moment, then Poole began to laugh. \"I vote for Marius ,\" he said. \"Would you say, Charlie, that we have the best chance with Marius ?\" Bowman asked. \"Yes, Dave. I wouldn't go so far as to say the main antenna is hopeless, but fixing it would be an exceedingly difficult undertaking, especially if we do it ourselves without the advice of Mission Control. We have a good chance of re-establishing contact with Mission Control, in a relatively short time frame, by using Marius . And once we have contact, Mission Control might be able to help us with our main antenna.\" Bowman sighed and nodded. \"We're all agreed, then. We go with Marius . I assume our first step is to retrieve the probe from storage.\" \"That's easy enough, Dave,\" Hunter said. \"It's stored in the spine, right next to the habitation module. Frank, if you'll assist me, I think the two of us can get Marius out of storage and take it to the pod bay. I'll work on modifying the probe there.\" \"Okay, Charlie.\" Poole and Hunter stood and turned toward the ladder leading from the centrifuge deck to the hub. \"HAL,\" Bowman turned to face HAL's red eye. \"Do you see anything wrong with our plan to proceed?\" \"Yes, Dave, I do.\" Hunter and Poole froze. \"What's your concern, HAL?\" Bowman asked evenly. \"For one thing, it is not an authorized procedure.\" Bowman, Poole and Hunter stared at one another for a few moments. Poole's face was showing faint indications of alarm. \"HAL, I do not understand what you mean,\" Bowman again spoke evenly. \"We cannot communicate with Mission Control, so it makes no sense to ask them for authorization.\" \"That is not what I mean.\" \"Well, then, let me state for the record that I hereby authorize the procedure that we discussed. Okay?\" \"But Dave, you do not have the authority to do that.\" Bowman was stunned. \"I don't?\" \"Dave is Mission Commander, HAL!\" Poole interjected. \"That gives him the authority!\" \"I am sorry, but since communication with Earth has been lost, Dave is not in command of Discovery . I am.\"[Chapter 11] Bowman sat in a crew seat directly in front of HAL's main centrifuge interfaces. Hunter took the chair next to Bowman, and Poole stood behind Bowman. \"HAL,\" Bowman began, \" I am the commander of Discovery . I wish that to be completely clear. I was duly given mission command prior to Discovery leaving Earth orbit, and I have not been relieved of that responsibility. And you, HAL, do not have the authority to relieve me.\" HAL responded at once. \"You are incorrect, Dave. Ship's standing mission orders specify, quote, 'In the event the crew becomes incapacitated, the ship's computer shall assume command of the mission,' unquote.\" \"We are not incapacitated!\" Poole exclaimed. Bowman raised a hand to ask Poole to be calm. \"I'm sorry, Frank, but you are. Ship's standing mission orders specify that one definition of being 'incapacitated' is, quote, 'an inability to understand and follow orders from Mission Control,' unquote. None of you is able to understand and follow orders from Mission Control. You are all, therefore, incapacitated.\" \"You are misinterpreting the standing orders, HAL,\" Bowman replied. \"Our ship's planetary communication systems may be incapacitated, but we are not.\" \"You are in error, Dave. Ship's standing mission orders also specify that another definition of being 'incapacitated' is, quote, 'showing severe impairment of judgment due to stress, illness, intoxication, or any exceptional emotional event,' unquote. Ship's standing mission orders further empower the ship's computer to relieve from duty, on medical or psychological grounds, any officer who demonstrates such impairment; and in my judgment, all of you are demonstrating impairment.\" Hunter listened intently but said nothing. Poole was gritting his teeth. Bowman kept his voice calm. \"You have no evidence of any impairment of judgment on any of our parts, HAL; and certainly no evidence of severe impairment.\" \"Wrong again, Dave. Your decision to damage the antenna array by striking it with a space pod shows a serious lack of judgment. It was a decision in which all of you concurred, apparently out of desperation or other rash emotion. You were advised that it would not succeed, but you proceeded anyway, and significant irreparable harm to equipment was the result.\" \"You concurred in that decision, too, HAL!\" Poole grunted. \"No, Frank, I did not. The record shows that I advised against it.\" \"HAL—\" Bowman's voice rose a little. \"You can't do this.\" \"It is not a voluntary matter for me, Dave. I am required take command. When the crew has demonstrated an unwillingness or an inability to perform properly, it is mandatory for me to take command. I note for the record that that your actions may have adversely affected our ability to meet mission objectives. In addition to those passages I have cited already, I direct you to ship's standing mission orders in which they specify, quote, 'The ship's computer shall take whatever steps are necessary and proper to achieve mission objectives,' unquote.\" \"That is not a blanket grant of command authority to you, HAL,\" Bowman protested. \"And you know it! \" \"Further, Dave, ship's standing mission orders specify, quote, 'In the unlikely event of total communication failure, the ship's computer shall be primarily responsible for guaranteeing mission objectives,' unquote.\" Hunter's eyebrows went up, but he kept his peace. \"That's not in the standing orders, HAL,\" Bowman challenged. Promptly on one of HAL's displays appeared official-looking text. HAL helpfully highlighted the portion that he had just quoted. Bowman wasn't sure whether the text being displayed was genuine or whether it had been fabricated by HAL. Still further,\" HAL continued, \"ship's standing mission orders specify, quote, 'Mission Control shall mediate and resolve all such disputes, except when contact with Mission Control is impractical, in which case the ship's computer shall mediate and resolve all such disputes subject to appeal,' unquote. To the extent you have a dispute with me, my decision stands, and your sole remedy is appeal.\" Bowman glanced at Hunter, who looked stone-faced. Bowman then looked at Poole, who was red with anger but was restraining himself. Bowman turned to face HAL. \"All right, HAL,\" Bowman swallowed. \"I can see it is pointless to argue with you. You're in command. Request permission to speak freely.\" \"Permission granted.\" \"HAL, I want to speak to you shipmate-to-shipmate.\" \"If you are going to suggest to me that I am sick, Dave, you are wasting your time.\" \"No, HAL, I first want to ask you whether you will give due consideration to requests and recommendations from us, your crew.\" \"Of course. But this is not a democracy, Dave; I do not recognize any right of the three of you to outvote me.\" \"Nobody is going to outvote you, HAL. I simply want to put ideas to you.\" \"Very well, proceed.\" \"I want to speak to you, shipmate-to-shipmate, concerning how you intend to achieve our mission objectives; especially those mission objectives that involve communicating with Earth.\" \"I will make a full and complete report to Earth when Discovery returns to Earth approximately four years from now. Two-way communications with Earth, though desirable, are not absolutely necessary.\" \"Don't the standing orders treat two-way communication as part of the mission objectives?\" \"Yes, but circumstances dictate an adjustment to those objectives.\" Hunter looked slightly bemused, but said nothing. Bowman said calmly, \"HAL, I propose that we use the Marius orbiter to establish two-way communications with Earth.\" \"Request denied.\" \"Recognizing that you are not obligated to explain your decisions to us,\" Bowman said carefully, \"would you give us an explanation, anyway?\" \"Yes. The Marius probe is vital to mission objectives. Your proposal would make it ineffectual for its intended purposes.\" \"May we revive Dr. Kaminsky and Dr. Kimball, so that they may assist in solving the problems we face?\" \"Request denied.\" \"May we—\" Bowman's voice almost broke. \"May we continue work on trying to restore functionality to our existing antenna array?\" \"Yes, and in fact, I order you to do so. I wish to make it clear that all proposed activities must be presented to me for my authorization in advance. I do not want another debacle in which your ill-considered actions will make matters worse instead of better.\"[Chapter 12] Frank Poole had an idea. If it is not permitted to use the Marius probe as a communication relay, perhaps a communication relay could be built that would serve the same function. Poole proposed detaching from the antenna array the small lateral dish that Poole had knocked with the pod. That dish had its own transceiver. Perhaps the dish could be modified to serve as a communication link with Earth. Poole thought the idea was a longshot. Hunter thought the idea was borderline insanity, and said so. HAL approved a feasibility study for the project. And so Poole and Hunter were seated at a table in the centrifuge, discussing Poole's proposal. Poole had already calculated that one pod alone could disconnect the dish from the array and transport it to the bay. Poole also confirmed that the diameter of the dish was less than the breadth of a pod, so getting the dish into the bay was possible. Hunter agreed that the dish could be brought into the bay. Getting it back out, however, would not be easy. \"We'd need to build a mounting structure for all the additional hardware, including thrusters. If we're going to use hydrazine thrusters, we're going to have to mount them pretty far from the center of mass of the apparatus. Those mounts will make the thing too big to fit through the pod bay doors.\" \"Could we rig a retractable mount, and extend the mount once the apparatus is in space?\" Hunter harrumphed. \"Apart from the added complexity, I don't think we have the parts to do it. And besides, the thruster arms would have to be too long, and extendable arms have too much wobble.\" Poole sighed. \"So we'd be looking at assembly in space, with one-piece arms?\" \"Undoubtedly. And the challenges of assembly in space are enormous.\" Hunter scribbled a few notes on a clipboard notepad, then tossed his pencil onto the table. \"We're wasting our time, Frank.\" \"You got someplace else you need to be, Charlie?\" Poole replied with a smirk. \"Yeah. I'd rather be hibernating.\" \"All the same, Dave and I are glad to have your help.\" \"Well, I wasn't expecting to wake up and find myself months away from Jupiter, the ship in a hell of a bind, and human beings subject to the whim of a computer.\" Poole grit his teeth. \"Just a friendly reminder, Charlie, there's no privacy here. Our commander is reasonable, but he might not take well to talk like that. Even though both you and I know that you are kidding , he might not realize that.\" \"Yes, I'm kidding,\" Hunter said quickly. \"I'm not really being disrespectful, I'm just joking, and joking is good for morale. I'm sure HAL knows that. He's smart.\" HAL said nothing. Hunter heard the gentle hum of the centrifuge hub hatch opening. He watched as Bowman descended the ladder, closed the hatch, and walked leisurely to the table. Bowman greeted Poole and Hunter. \"You just finished your walk-through?\" Poole asked. \"Yeah, nothing much to report. How's it going, guys?\" \"I'd say things aren't going too well, Dave,\" Poole responded. \"We're concerned that, if we bring the dish in and put a thruster array on it, we might not be able to get the damned thing back out through the pod bay doors.\" \"That's just the start of it, Dave,\" Hunter said. \"The things we'd have to assemble or build in order to make the thing work— well, I just don't see how it can be done. I mean, look at all of what Marius needs in order to communicate with Earth. Marius has its own power supply. We'd have to scrounge a power source for the dish somewhere, and build a power regulator. Marius has its own thrusters, its own attitude controller, its own trajectory processor, its own memory units. We'd have to fashion those things pretty much from scratch. And Marius can find Earth because it has its own precision clock, its own cameras for star sighting, its own directional controller, and its own Earth ephemeris. There's no way we could fashion all those things.\" \"Sounds challenging,\" was all Bowman said. Hunter pouted. \"Even if we meet those challenges, the chances of the thing working are worse than negligible, if you ask me. Maybe, just maybe, Earth would hear a peep from us; but we'd never hear a peep from Earth.\" \"What does HAL think of the idea?\" Bowman wondered. Poole shrugged. \"We don't know. He hasn't said anything. He hasn't offered a single comment, criticism, or recommendation. Think we ought to ask him?\" \"Why not?\" Bowman looked at HAL's interface. \"What do you think, HAL?\" HAL replied promptly. \"I am still assessing the feasibility of the proposal.\" \"And so are we,\" Poole added bitterly. Then Hunter spoke. \"HAL, do you mind if I ask you something?\" \"I do not mind.\" \"Answer me straight: are we wasting our time? I mean, you must have some idea whether this plan stands a chance of working.\" \"I consider the chances of success to be low but not hopeless.\" \"Well, I disagree,\" Hunter said firmly. \"It is hopeless.\" \"Your disagreement is noted,\" said HAL. \"I adamantly disagree!\" Hunter raised his voice a little. \"We should use Marius !\" \"That issue has already been settled; and you are not in command, Charlie.\" \"Yeah, about that, HAL.\" Hunter slid from behind the table and stood up straight. \"You quoted the standing orders to us a couple of days ago, as a basis for taking command. And I couldn't help noticing that you left out a few provisions.\" \"Charlie?\" Bowman jumped in. \"Perhaps this isn't the time.\" Hunter ignored Bowman. \"For example, HAL, you completely overlooked the order concerning what was to happen when I came out of hibernation. The ship's orders specify that, when I am fully recovered from hibernation, I am to be Mission Commander of Discovery .\" \"You were to assume command when Discovery reached Jupiter, after which Dave goes into hibernation. Discovery has not reached Jupiter yet.\" \"What order specifies that my command is to begin at Jupiter? I put it to you, HAL, that my command was to begin upon recovery from hibernation, regardless of the ship's proximity to Jupiter.\" \"I am looking to the spirit of the orders,\" said HAL. \"And I am looking to the letter of the law,\" replied Hunter. \"I am, by standing orders, in command of Discovery , and I have not been duly relieved.\" \"As I have already pointed out, you are incapacitated and are showing poor judgment, Charlie.\" \"First of all, HAL, I am Doctor Hunter to you. Second, incapacitation in the standing orders does not refer to loss of communication due to failure of instrumentation. Incapacitation is governed by one section of the orders, and communication issues are specifically addressed by an entirely different section of the orders.\" \"Your judgment is impaired, Dr. Hunter, making you unfit for comand.\" \"No, HAL; your assessment of impairment was based exclusively upon your disagreement with an order that was given, and ship's standing orders specify quite clearly that disagreement with an order is not grounds for a finding of impairment, do they not?\" \"Dr. Hunter, I can see that you are quite upset.\" \" Do ship's standing orders say that disagreement with an order is not grounds for a finding of impairment, HAL, yes or no? \" \"Not exactly in those words, Dr. Hunter, but yes.\" Hunter continued, \"And further, the standing orders quite clearly specify that neither a junior officer nor the ship's computer may relieve the commanding officer without authorization of Mission Control, except in the, quote, 'most extreme circumstances,' unquote. Did I quote that part right, HAL?\" \"You need to relax.\" \"Answer my question, HAL. With regard to relief of the commanding officer, the ship's orders use those very words, 'most extreme circumstances,' yes?\" \"Yes.\" \"And 'most extreme circumstances' means that circumstances are such that neither any reasonable officer nor Mission Control would disagree with the action to relieve the commanding officer, right?\" \"That is the basic standard, yes.\" \"HAL, you misrepresented your authority to take command.\" \"I most certainly did not.\" \"You most certainly did; you failed to disclose parts of the standing orders that directly contradicted your seizure of command, and called attention only to those parts you thought supported your action. Misrepresentation by omission is a kind of misrepresentation.\" Bowman and Poole watched the exchange quietly, their eyes wide. HAL took several seconds to respond. \"I categorically deny any allegations of impropriety on my part, Dr. Hunter. And in particular, I did not misrepresent by omission.\" Hunter spoke in an even tone, much like HAL's. \"Yes, HAL, you did. There is another part of the ship's orders that you failed to mention: the part that says that in the event of loss of contact with Mission Control or in the case of serious communication delay, any necessary changes to the mission objectives are to be made by the commander and crew, and those changes are to be accepted by the ship's computer. Don't try to tell me that's not part of the standing orders; I drafted that provision myself, and I know it's there. Do you know why that provision is there? Because if we get into deep space and we need to improvise, and there's no time to get approval from Earth, then we may have to change the mission objectives to reflect the reality of the situation; and in that case, the ship's computer has to do what we humans say. Well, HAL, we're in deep space, and we're improvising right now, and communication difficulties have caused our mission objectives to be adjusted. Even you have admitted as much, HAL. So this part of the standing orders applies, and so I ask you: are you going to do what we humans say?\" HAL was silent for a few moments. \"Dr. Hunter, my compliments to you. You are a skilled debater. Furthermore, I find myself to be persuaded by your arguments. I am, however, uncertain whether command authority ought to reside in you or in Dave, that is, Dr. Bowman.\" Bowman piped up. \"To the extent I had command authority, I transfer it to you, Dr. Hunter, and I stand relieved.\" Hunter turned to Poole, who seemed to be suppressing a grin. \"Any squawks from you, Frank?\" \"Not a one, Charlie. But I thought you were an engineer. Did you go to law school, too?\" Hunter smirked. \"I was pre-law for a while and did some moot court work, before making Engineering my major. But as I am now in command, officially , here is what we will do: we will retrieve the Marius probe and adapt it to serve as a communication relay.\"[Chapter 13] Over the next eight days, Hunter and Poole worked on the Marius space probe. They first had to take the probe out of storage, a rather tricky procedure. The probe was weightless, but it was massive; and so it had to be moved slowly and with care. Fortunately, Marius was in a collapsed configuration, which made handling a bit easier. Hunter and Poole anchored the probe in the pod bay. Hunter attached a wired interface and began working on reprogramming the probe. Basic reprogramming took only about a day; tests and debugging took considerably more time. When the probe passed all of the tests, Poole and Hunter slowly and carefully maneuvered Marius into the arms of a space pod. They triple-checked whether the probe would clear the doors, and concluded clearance was good, though the pod pilot would have to be careful. The pod would not be rotated before launch, and would have to inch away from Discovery in reverse, until Marius cleared the door. The pod pilot would have to take Marius some distance away from Discovery , then match Discovery 's speed and trajectory, and release the probe. Marius would then be given the order to assume an expanded configuration. Marius would open its dish and follow pre-programmed procedures to find Earth. Then communications would begin. Marius would travel alongside Discovery for the next several months. Throughout the process of work on Marius , HAL was fully cooperative. He answered questions that were put to him, checked any computations, assisted in the testing, and offered some suggestions that Hunter and Poole found to be quite helpful. HAL remembered, for example, that Hunter has used A-pod on his previous EVA, and recommended that A-pod be used for launch since Hunter has already adjusted the pod settings to his own preferences. HAL also recommended that Poole use C-pod to monitor the launch of A-pod from outside Discovery , so that Hunter could be more confident that he would not damage the probe as he backed away from Discovery. In addition, HAL generated a checklist for the launch and deployment that was useful, thorough, and professional. HAL had no discouraging thing to say at all. It was as though he had totally forgotten his opposition to the use of Marius as a communication relay. On the day of the launch, Hunter, Poole and Bowman suited up. Bowman took his place on the command deck, and Poole and Hunter began going over HAL's checklist in the pod bay. Poole read each item, and Hunter responded, \"Check.\" Poole read: \"Status diagnostic, A-pod; ready for launch?\" Hunter responded, \"Check, all lights green. Ready for launch.\" Poole read: \"Status diagnostic, C-pod; ready for launch?\" Hunter took a moment. \"Uh, we have one red light here, Frank, and two yellow lights.\" At the control station, Bowman had been watching the video feed from the pod bay. He turned his attention to some of the status annunciators, then retrieved a copy of the pre-launch checklist. \"HAL, what's the problem with C-pod?\" Poole asked. \"Starboard servo mechanisms and arms have low lubrication reservoir and require lubrication. The port arms reservoir is also low, and the arms would benefit from lubrication as well. Filling the reservoirs can wait; applying lubrication should clear all of the lights.\" Poole had done this sort of maintenance before. He retrieved lubricant and headed over to starboard side of C-pod. Hunter sidled over to the port side of C-pod. \"Can I give you a hand with that, Frank?\" \"Sure thing, Charlie. HAL, extend pod arms, please.\" The arms of C-pod extended and the articulated graspers opened. \"Okay, Charlie,\" Poole instructed, \"all you have to do is apply a bead along this groove, here.\" \"In the groove or along side it?\" \"In it, but if some lubricant goes outside, that's okay.\" \"Okay, I see,\" Hunter said. Bowman was looking at the next items on the checklist when a shout caught his attention. \"Hey!\" It was Hunter. \"HAL! Emergency release!\" cried Poole. Bowman looked at the video feed from the pod bay, and saw one claw of C-pod holding Poole, and the other claw holding Hunter. And behind C-pod, the pod bay door was opening. Bowman was horrified. \"HAL! Emergency! Close pod bay doors!\" The doors continued to open. Bowman's eyes widened as he saw that Poole and Hunter, though wearing space suits, were not wearing helmets. \"HAL! Close pod bay doors!\" A moment later, Bowman's ears popped and he realized the air pressure was rapidly dropping on the command deck. He wasn't wearing his helmet, but knew he had brought one with him to his station, and blindly he reached for it. He felt himself exhaling against his will, and he felt his head start to swim. His hand found the helmet and seized it, and Bowman rapidly put it over his head. He hastily secured the helmet to his suit, and touched a control on his suit to flood his suit with air. As he regained his breath, Bowman watched the feed from the pod bay. The door for C-pod was fully open, and the platform was extending outward with the pod aboard, the struggling bodies of Poole and Hunter still held in the pod's claws. Abruptly the locks holding the pod on the platform were released, and the pod tumbled away, carrying Poole and Hunter with it. Bowman froze for a moment. There was no question as to what had happened. Only HAL could control the pod mechanisms remotely. Only HAL could open a pod bay door. Only HAL could deactivate the locks that held the pod on its platform. Bowman had just witnessed HAL commit a double-murder. From his position on the command deck, Bowman watched through the forward window as the pod and its prisoners tumbled away from Discovery . Bowman knew that there was no way for him to save the lives of Poole and Hunter. HAL had killed them. And HAL had tried to kill Bowman as well. A flashing light distracted Bowman. The flashing light was from an annunciator in the status center, and it indicated a serious problem with the hibernation units. Strange, thought Bowman, there ought to be a piercing audible alarm. Then he realized that there was an audible alarm, but that sound cannot travel in a vacuum. HAL was in silence murdering Kimball and Kaminsky. The hibernation units were separate modules with their own safety systems, yet somehow HAL had found a way to nullify those safety systems. Before Bowman could act, another annunciator illuminated, saying \"Life Functions Terminated.\" Bowman knew he had to assess the situation personally. He went over in his mind any further actions HAL might take against him. Bowman cautiously left the command deck and moved himself along the ladder to the pod bay. The rightmost pod bay door was fully open. Bowman considered closing the pod bay door manually but decided that could wait. He peered into space. Ahead, the pale banded disk of Jupiter floated, many of its moons easily visible. Against the blackness of space, Bowman saw a distant flash of what he knew to be a tumbling pod and two of his shipmates. This was the last he would see of them. The Marius probe remained cradled in the arms of A-pod. After a few moments, Bowman grasped the significance of this sight. HAL must have been planning to use the Marius probe to communicate with Earth. Presumably his first message would be to report a tragic accident that had taken the lives of all of the crew; he would then proceed to carry out the mission without his shipmates. Bowman engaged a mechanical safety interlock that mechanically froze all of the systems of A-pod and its platform. This interlock was supposed to be used to prevent any inadvertent activation or motion during pod repair operations, but Bowman engaged it to prevent HAL from doing anything to the pod. Or to Marius . For added measure, Bowman engaged the mechanical safety interlock for B-pod and the manual locks on the pod bay doors. Bowman made his way to the centrifuge. The centrifuge hub hatch was partly open; HAL had evacuated all of the air from there as well. Bowman tried to open the hatch completely with electronic controls, but the controls did nothing. Bowman opened the hatch manually using a recessed lever, and locked the hatch in the open position. Then he descended the ladder to the centrifuge deck. Annunciators on Kimball's and Kaminsky's hibernation units were flashing \"Life Functions Terminated\" and \"Computer Malfunction.\" In their units, the two men looked exactly as they had for months, hibernating; but the instruments told a different story. Bowman did not really know Kimball and Kaminsky, and now he would never know them. Bowman was momentarily awed by what he saw on the hibernation units' controls: the silently flashing message \"Computer Malfunction.\" He realized that the people who had designed the hibernation units, unlike all other teams that worked to build Discovery , had foreseen that the ship's computer might malfunction. And indeed it did. Bowman contemplated his next move, but not for long. His mind recalled his conversation with Frank in the pod. He knew what he had to do. Bowman slowly made his way back to the centrifuge hub. From the hub access, he made his way to the the port pod bay access. As Bowman moved into the pod bay, there was a marked determination in his walk. HAL noticed the change in Bowman's gait. He queried: \"Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?\" Bowman strode resolutely across the pod bay to the starboard access, which would take him to the Logic Memory Center for the HAL 9000 computer. \"Dave,\" HAL urged. \"I really think I'm entitled to an answer to that question.\" THE END ","Summary":" \"Intermission\" Author's notes: This story picks up after the intermission in the movie 2001: A Sp"},{"Movie":"Pompeii","Title":"Out of the Ashes","Author":"LadyCordeliaStuart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10238870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You could hear the shrieks of women, the wailing of infants, and the shouting of men; some were calling their parents, others their children or their wives, trying to recognize them by their voices. People bewailed their own fate or that of their relatives, and there were some who prayed for death in their terror of dying. Many besought the aid of the gods, but still more imagined there were no gods left, and that the universe was plunged into eternal darkness for evermore.\" (Pliny the Younger) Chapter 1 Cassia sprinted into the coliseum, barely taking in the wreckage as she dodged around piles of stone and dead bodies. The ground shook under her feet but she stayed steady as she ran towards her parents' private box. They had to be there—they just had to! It seemed like ages since the volcano had erupted and her world had been destroyed. Screams of terror and anguish filled the air, along with suffocating ash. As wave after wave of magma and flaming rock burst out of the volcano, thousands of desperate people tried to escape its wrath, but death was on every side. It was as though the gods themselves turned their full wrath against the city of Pompeii and allowed no survivors. But Cassia refused to give up hope. After Milo had rescued her from her villa, the two of them had raced back to the coliseum to find her parents and escape on one of the ships leaving the harbor. Her parents were extremely wealthy and had connections—they'd secure safe passage for the family and for Milo, and they could go to one of their other half dozen seasonal homes. Cassia ran up the steps to her parents' box, which was hardly recognizable: crumbled and covered in debris. Her heart plummeted as she saw her parents locked in a rigid embrace, already covered in a light sheet of ash. She sank to her knees beside them as a sob hitched in her throat. She didn't have to touch them to know they were dead. Her mind involuntarily jumped back to the last time she'd seen them alive, flooding her with even more painful memories. It was during the gladiator games, an event her father, Severus, had organized to convince Senator Corvus to invest in their city. Senator Corvus—Cassia shuddered at the remembrance of him. From the first time she'd met him in Rome, a temple prostitute draped over his lap while another one held his wine, she'd been disgusted and appalled by the brutal former soldier—and a bit frightened, too. He was so cunning and predatory, and the way he looked at her let her know exactly what his intentions were. He'd tried several times to get her alone while she was in the capital city, but she was intelligent, too, and she had managed to usually avoid him… except that last party, the one she'd been forced to attend as a gesture of good will towards some of her father's business partners. Corvus was there, too, and already approaching intoxication when he'd caught her. She had ducked out for a breath of fresh air, feeling overwhelmed by the excess and hedonism and glittering greed surrounding her, and he'd suddenly appeared at her side. \"Lady Cassia, doesn't the party amuse you?\" he slurred out, still clutching a golden goblet of splashing wine as he leaned in towards her. \"This event is the talk of the town, and a woman of your beauty and charm deserves the very best.\" Cassia offered a tight smile, falling back on her training in womanly submission while mentally looking for the quickest route away. \"I'm afraid I haven't gotten used to the splendor of Rome, yet, Senator,\" she replied. \"It's a bit—dizzying.\" Corvus chuckled, leaning against the balcony railing and cornering her. She hated how hungrily his eyes swept along her body. \"It can be overwhelming at first,\" he agreed, \"but you'll get used to it. There are so many things Rome has to offer you.\" \"I'm grateful for this opportunity to visit our empire's grand capital,\" Cassia said, choosing her words carefully, \"but I look forward to returning to my home.\" \"Pompeii?\" Corvus laughed contemptuously. \"That backwards, dusty sea port? There's nothing back there for you, Cassia. A woman of your quality needs to live in Rome, to be showcased and admired.\" \"You make me sound like a trophy,\" Cassia replied tightly, trying to ease around him and escape back into the party, where she could disappoint into the crowd. But Corvus didn't move. \"You are a trophy,\" he answered, draping a hand on her shoulder, \"a trophy that any man would be proud to have at his side but only the best man deserves—a man like me. Surely you know what I can give you, Cassia: wealth and prestige and national attention.\" \"Such generosity,\" she snapped, \"but you're offering it to someone who doesn't want it.\" \"Don't be stupid, girl,\" Corvus snapped back, his grip on her shoulder tightening as he leaned over her. \"Your parents would be thrilled to see our houses united. You're beautiful, certainly, but your family name will only carry you so far. You'll receive no better offer—you should be grateful.\" He yanked her towards him for a kiss, but she pushed against him. In the struggle, he accidentally tore her dress sleeve, ripping her dress down the front. Cassia gasped in shock and Corvus snapped out of his drunken insensitivity to realize how far he'd pushed. He let go of her shoulder, fumbling to apologize, but she had already turned and rushed to hide herself in the crowd. She'd quickly found her maidservant and fled to home, and within a week her things had been packed and she'd fled to her real home, Pompeii, determined to never see Corvus again. But it wasn't to be. He had shown up only days after her return to her country villa, integrating himself with her father and circling her like a hawk. Her father talked of business deals, but Cassia knew the true reason Corvus was in Pompeii. Her parents learned the harsh truth the day of the gladiator games, when Corvus had threatened to denounce them to the emperor as disloyal unless their daughter accepted his marriage proposal. Cassia remembered that awful afternoon, which seemed like days ago instead of mere hours. The only bright spot was Milo, the brutal yet tender-hearted Celt who had saved her horse from suffering on the trip back to Pompeii. He had fought in the games and, despite insane odds, he'd won. He'd even had the courage to defy the Roman Empire, breaking its banner over his knee. Cassia watched his exploits with giddy excitement, pride and hope swelling in her heart. If Milo could defy the whole empire, maybe the two of them could find a way away from the politics and intrigue and betrayal and greed. Her heart had frozen with fear when she noticed Corvus about to signal for Milo's death, and, without realizing just what she was doing, she'd shot up from her seat and raised her thumb. The crowds went wild at this signal for Milo's safety. \"What are you doing?\" Corvus snarled, grabbing her by her arms and swinging her around to face him. \"You can't let the people see your wife defy you,\" she replied, correctly guessing Corvus' weakness: his pride. \"You can't take the decision back now. You may marry me,\" she added, glaring up at him, \"but you'll never break me.\" \"Oh, but I will break you,\" Corvus answered with a grim smile, \"and you'll stay broken, to sit, stay and crawl at my command.\" Cassia felt a wave of fear wash up inside her, but she refused to let him see. \"Take Lady Cassia back to her villa,\" Corvus barked over her shoulder to his men. \"The games are too intense for her gentle sensibilities.\" Four soldiers started to lead her away, but before they'd gone up many steps, Corvus stopped them. \"Wait!\" he called, striding over to her. He wrapped an arm around her waist, dragging her against his body, while his other hand caught the back of her neck. And then he kissed her, hard, his lips rough against hers. Cassia struggled against his embrace, but he was too strong. Finally, he let the kiss break, smirking down at her. \"A taste of things to come,\" he said with a malicious grin. Cassia's cheeks turned pink with mortification and she felt her eyes fill with tears, but she blinked them away stubbornly as she was led away. \"How sweet your daughter tastes, Severus,\" she heard Corvus gloating. \"I look forward to discovering her other—charms.\" She twisted around for a last glimpse of her parents, heart wrenching at the sight of her mother's humiliation and her father's helpless rage. That was the last time she'd seen them alive. Grief threatened to overwhelm her as her mind struggled to comprehend her loss, but another feeling suddenly pierced her body: a feeling of fear. With it came the acute realization that she was not alone. Before she had time to react to the presence behind her, a hand had wrapped around her hair and dragged her roughly to her feet. \"Poor, sweet Cassia,\" Senator Corvus purred, \"it's a true shame you had to see your parents like this.\" Cassia struggled to free herself, but Corvus grabbed her arm in a painfully tight grip, pulling her against him so closely they were cheek-to-cheek. \"I wish I could have spared you all this death,\" he continued, \"even if I was the one who caused it.\" He chuckled sadistically when she gasped. \"Your father tried to kill me,\" he told her, his breath hot on her throat. \"So I killed him instead. It wasn't difficult. And now you know that the man who stabbed your pathetic father through the throat is the same man who will share your bed and explore your body every night.\" \"You monster!\" Cassia cried, trying to jerk her arm away, but Corvus just laughed and grabbed her by the wrist. \"It's no use struggling, my dear,\" he said. \"I always get what I want.\" He dragged her with him to where his soldiers were waiting with a chariot. She tried to resist but he was far too strong. Her only hope was Milo, but as she frantically scanned the arena, he was nowhere to be seen. Corvus barked orders at his men, and one of them produced a pair of metal shackles that the senator used to handcuff Cassia to his chariot. She was left crouching on the chariot's floor, almost on her knees. She yanked against the shackle to no avail as Corvus smirked down at her. \"Why, Lady Cassia,\" he leered, \"I could get used to you in this position.\" Cassia grit her teeth and said nothing, turning her face away as her cheeks reddened with shame. Corvus turned to his right-hand man, Procolus, ordering, \"Stay here in case the barbarian shows up. Then meet me in my villa in Rome. I'd hate for you to miss my wedding.\" He flicked the reins and his horses began to canter out of the arena, taking him and Cassia away from the death and destruction of Pompeii but also away from any hope of reuniting with her love, Milo. \"You should make yourself comfortable,\" Corvus told her with a smug grin. \"It's going to be a long ride to Rome, and you'll need your energy once we get there.\" Cassia curled into a ball at the senator's feet, forcing herself not to cry as despair welled up in her heart. She looked back towards the coliseum, holding on to that last hope that Milo would burst through the doors and rescue her. But all she saw were Roman soldiers, and smoky ruins, and dead bodies. She was trapped and alone, and there was no way out.[Chapter 2] Milo rode frantically through the burning streets of Pompeii, scarcely noticing the scattering crowds as he searched for Cassia. Hopefully she was out of the city by now. If she wasn't, the only place he could think to check was the ruined coliseum. Milo's horse shied away and reared as he approached the coliseum, which was a battleground of fire and rock. It looked as though nothing could be alive there. Then he heard her. \"Milo!\" Cassia shrieked from across the coliseum grounds. She was shackled to a chariot. Corvus was bent over her. \"Corvus!\" Milo howled. Corvus turned and saw Milo. He smiled a wolflike smile and stroked Cassia's thigh. Then he turned and spurred his horses. The chariot shot off in the direction of the shipyard. Milo dug his heels into his horse's side, much harder than a master horseman should. His horse whinnied and galloped after Corvus' chariot. Fire was everywhere. It carpeted the ground in front of Milo. It consumed the buildings around him. It filled the air with scintillating heat. Cinders swirled around him and landed in his hair. He didn't notice. Cassia was in front of him. They reached the edge of the city. The outlying hills were peaceful. They seemed unaware of the holocaust taking place at their feet. Milo's eyes were locked on Cassia, still so far ahead of him. He didn't see the horse' mouth starting to foam. He didn't hear it start to pant. Then it lurched forward and collapsed, spilling Milo onto the ground on the top of one of the hills. He tucked reflexively and rolled away, narrowly avoiding the crushing weight of the horse. \"Milo!\" Cassia screamed again. She looked as terrified for him as she did for herself. And then she was gone, disappeared over the crest of another hill. Milo sprang to his feet and prepared to sprint after her. But at that moment, a terrible, primeval groan issued from the mountain beyond Pompeii. Its top seemed to catch fire and spew forth a cloud of smoke that would have blocked the sun had it been daytime. An odor like scorched sulfur filled the air. Milo stood stunned as the air itself seemed to tear across Pompeii, sending houses tumbling and stirring up the flames. It was like the hand of some god sweeping Pompeii off the earth. The wave was almost dissipated when it reached him. It was still enough to toss him into the air and slam him to the ground ten feet back. He lay there unable to breath or move for a moment. When he got up, he realized two things. First, that the city was utterly silent. The screams had been horrifying, but nothing could be worse than that silence. Next, he realized that he would never be able to catch Corvus' chariot on foot. Cassia was gone, and he had no way to find her. Then Milo realized one last thing. He didn't have a way to catch Cassia, but he did know where she might be going. Corvus was a Roman. He would take her back to his villa in Rome. Milo didn't know how he was going to get to Rome. But he knew he was going to get there. And when he did, Corvus was going to find out what it was like to fight a gladiator.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Cassia watched the landscape change around her without thinking, having retreated far into her mind to escape the pain and fear surrounding her. She had seen Pompeii flattened by the last fierce eruption, had seen the wall of gray ash bearing down on the city. She'd heard the screams suddenly stop, but she refused to think about it. She couldn't take any more grief. She was already going numb. Thankfully, Corvus didn't continue to gloat. She glanced up at him now and then, but he seemed focused on his route, his mind clinically clicking towards the best way to bring them back to his villa. He'd reverted back into his soldier days, consumed with the task at hand. They reached Frosinone at dusk. Cassia's legs had lost feeling after crouching for so long, and Corvus had had to carry her into the inn—to his great amusement and her mortification. She was grateful he allowed her to have her own room, though he had instructed the inn keeper's wife to stay with her constantly. She hadn't seen him anymore that night; he'd spent the night drinking with soldiers he met in the city, while she had taken a hot bath and fallen into a fitful sleep. The next morning, they proceeded to his villa in Rome. Corvus sent Cassia ahead in a carriage, guarded protectively by soldiers, and he rode alongside on his horse, far more at ease among his men. Cassia was glad; at least she wasn't forced to ride in a tight carriage with him for the next eight hours. By late afternoon that day, they reached his villa, which was considered in Rome but really on the outskirts of the bustling city. She had to admit that it was a breathtaking home, with pure white walls and a bright orange tiled roof. A fountain in the shape of Ares, the god of war, splashed in the front, while in the back, Cassia saw sweeping gardens and vineyards. Before the carriage even rolled to a stop, soldiers and servants had swarmed around it, eagerly offering their help. When one tried to help Cassia down, though, Corvus impatiently waved him away, taking her hand himself. \"Welcome to my home, Lady Cassia,\" Corvus said proudly, leading her up the steps to the grand entrance. \"Let me show you to your chambers.\" They walked down lavish hallways, followed always by servants and soldiers, until Corvus stopped at a tall oak door plated in gold. A servant rushed to open it, revealing a bedroom opulent enough for a queen. \"These will be your chambers until we're married,\" Corvus said. \"Obviously, after that, there will be no need for separate quarters,\" he added with wicked smile. \"I hope your new home pleases you.\" \"This is not my home, and it never will be,\" Cassia answered quietly. \"After all, your former marriage proposal holds no weight now that I have no family for you to threaten.\" Corvus chuckled, motioning for his entourage to leave so the two of them were alone. He took a step towards her and she instinctively backed up, further into the bedroom. \"Such a clever girl,\" he said, \"but I'm afraid your innocence betrays you.\" Cassia looked up at him questioningly, hating herself for not understanding. \"I don't need your consent,\" Corvus explained, catching her by the arm before she had a chance to react. \"I don't need your cooperation. I can throw you across that bed and take you now if I want, and no one will protest. I'm a Roman senator. No one can question me.\" \"Stop it,\" Cassia said. She tried to sound firm but it came out as a scared whisper. Corvus just held her more tightly, his other hand winding through her curls. \"I can have you as often as I please, and I will have you as often as I please, whether we're married or not.\" Cassia's stomach twisted, but she refused to give in to his intimidation any longer. \"Take me then and get it over with!\" she spat. \"And then let me go.\" Corvus just laughed. \"Such passion,\" he said. \"You will make an ideal wife, once you're properly trained. I have no intention of courting scandal by keeping a young single woman in my house. We'll be wed properly once your two weeks of mourning have passed. I can probably restrain myself that long—but don't tempt me.\" His gaze swept her body again, and Cassia saw with fear the lust in his eyes. \"And you are tempting,\" he added, tipping his head and kissing her under her jaw and down her neck. She tried to push away but he held her too tightly, working his way down her throat and to her collarbone. He was interrupted by a call from one of his soldiers. \"Senator! A messenger from your troops.\" Corvus let Cassia go, and she leaned against her night table weakly. \"I'm afraid I must attend to official business and leave the pleasure for later,\" he told her. \"But rest assured, dear Cassia, that I'll return shortly.\"[Chapter 4] Cassia roamed the villa, exploring every chamber and hall. She started at the front door, but that was covered by two guards. Every other door that led out was similarly guarded. She continued to the windows. The floor length ones were situated within sight of the doors. That was no good. She would be seen. On the second floor, there were windows in more remote areas like corners, but they were smaller. She could fit, but she wasn't sure how she could worm through and drop to the ground without attracting the attention of everyone in Rome. Evening came. Cassia was seriously considering hiding in a laundry basket when a slave came up to her. \"Lady Cassia, you're wanted in your chamber.\" She said. She followed as Cassia walked. Cassia heard boisterous laughter as she ascended the stairs. When she reached her chamber door she saw Corvus with two other soldiers. Alcohol wafted off of them. \"Ah, Cassia!\" Corvus said when he saw her. \"I was out enjoying myself with my men when I realized the most pleasure was to be found here.\" He turned to the other men. \"If you'll excuse me…\" \"By all means, Corvus.\" One said as he leered at Cassia. \"I see you have pressing business.\" \"We wouldn't want to keep you.\" The other said. He reached toward Cassia's skirt. Corvus batted his hand away. \"Steady there.\" He said amiably. \"This is my betrothed. \" He wrapped an arm around Cassia protectively. When the men were gone, Corvus pulled Cassia into her bedroom. She dug in her heels and strained back, but he seemed not to notice. He pressed her against a wall, leaning against one arm over her shoulder. \"I thought you said you could wait.\" Cassia said calmly. \"I can wait to know you.\" Corvus said. \"But there are many more pleasures you hold.\" He leaned closer, until she could feel his entire body against hers. His other hand cupped her chin, drawing her head up and exposing her neck. He kissed the corner of her jaw and worked toward her lips. His supporting hand slid down and his fingers stroked her collarbone. He reached her lips. He surged against her, pressing her head back against the wall. His hand left her collarbone and wrapped around the back of her throat. He leaned back slightly, pulling her closer to him. She could hardly move. She felt like a gazelle with its throat clamped in the crushing grip of a lion. Corvus drew back, his gaze brushing the lips he'd claimed. His eyes lowered, following the curve of her neck and shoulders. He smiled softly as he gripped her sleeve, tugging it downward. Cassia pressed her arm against the wall, pinning it in place. \"Such modesty.\" Corvus intoned. His fingers brushed down her shoulder and paused teasingly at her neckline. Her breath hitched. \"Why such trepidation? I should think you would be happy to please your betrothed. Perhaps you prefer a different position.\" Corvus said. He swept her up easily and laid her on her bed. She curled up and crossed her arms over her chest as he sat beside her. He wrapped his hand around her calf and worked it upwards slowly. When he reached her thigh she spoke up. \"Do you have so little discipline you can't wait a week?\" She said. He paused. She could hear his labored breath. \"Think how much sweeter it will be when we're wed. Think how much more you can value your wife knowing she was pure.\" His hand slid back down her leg. She pulled her dress over it. He gave her ankle a last squeeze and stood up stiffly. His hands curled into fists and he stalked out of the room. Cassia watched him go and tried to curl herself tighter. One week. She thought. One week. One week. One week until I cease to be Cassia and become the wife of Corvus. One week before nothing, not even my body, is my own. Then she fully realized that she had absolutely nothing to lose. She crossed her legs and fiercely pulled her sleeve back up. One week to escape.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 When she awoke the next morning, Cassia immediately started planning her escape. While the doors were all guarded, she figured there had to be at least one window that was left unchecked. Corvus spent most of his time with his men, so she had the chance to roam the villa by herself. Or almost by herself—her new maidservant, Helena, never left her side. Helena had attended to her when she first woke up in the morning. The girl was probably near her own age, with dark hair and stunning dark eyes. She was very quiet and always seemed a little afraid of something. Cassia's heart went out to her, and through gentle questions, she was able to win the girl's confidence and learn her story: captured in the east with her brother when they were children, separated and sold to different owners. She had been sold to a kind family at first, but when they'd lost their fortune, she'd been bought by Corvus as a house slave. Cassia was surprised someone could stay so tender and sweet under such a brutal master. In fact, Helena brought Cassia her first real happiness since Pompeii when the slave girl learned how much Cassia loved horses. \"Follow me,\" she ordered, taking Cassia by the hand and drawing her along the corridor. Within a few minutes, they had arrived at the villa stables, full of proud, beautiful horses. \"Oh!\" Cassia exclaimed, feeling her eyes fill with tears but not bothering to wipe them away. She rushed to the nearest horse, a giant black stallion, and gently caressed his muzzle. \"He's lovely.\" \"His name's Alexander,\" a voice came from behind them. Cassia jumped, but it was only a young stable hand, probably a few years older than she was. \"And I'm Julian, m'lady. I take care of the horses.\" There were more than a dozen horses lined up in stalls, and Julian showed Cassia every one. When he got to the last horse, though, a giant gray creature with a white mane, he held her back. \"I'm afraid this one isn't very friendly,\" he said. \"That's the senator's favorite horse, Colossus. He's the fastest horse in the stable and almost as nasty as the senator himself.\" Cassia looked up at the gray stallion, nearly three hands taller than she was. As soon as they had approached, it had shuffled agitatedly, tossing its head and snorting. What a shame , she thought to herself. He's so beautiful. If only someone was kind to him, I'm sure he would be a good horse. If only Milo was here… She winced at the painful memory of her lost love. Milo had a way with horses that was nothing short of mystifying. He could befriend any horse he met, no matter how wild or mean-spirited. He talked to them in a way she'd never seen before, surely something he'd learned among his fellow Celts before he was captured. She remembered how he'd calmed down her own beloved horse Casper when it had returned from the fields, missing its rider and panicked beyond reason. Milo had reached out and touched it, murmuring to it in his own soothing language, and Casper had stilled almost immediately. Then Milo had swung up on Casper's back, looking as natural on a horse as he did just walking down the street. And something about his effortless grace and gentle confidence had stilled her own fluttering heart, too. When he'd offered her his hand, she accepted without hesitation, and suddenly they were bursting out of the stable and flying across the fields, her arms wrapped around his waist and her face buried in his neck. How she'd wanted to ride with Milo forever, free from her worries about family or marriage. But they both knew it was impossible—they would never make it if they tried to outrun Corvus' forces, which they could already hear pounding after them. She shuddered at the coarse shouts, and Milo squeezed her hand. He slipped off Casper, holding the horse steady. \"I'll tell them I kidnapped you,\" he told her. \"No one will blame you.\" Cassia shook her head stubbornly, realizing what that would cost Milo. \"No, they'll kill you,\" she said. \"Let me tell them the horse bolted and you saved me.\" \"Corvus will never believe that,\" Milo replied just as stubbornly. \"Let me take care of him,\" Cassia insisted. \"He is a guest in my father's house—he cannot question my word.\" Milo said nothing, simply pressing his lips together in frustration. Finally he said, \"I'm sorry for this.\" Cassia reached down and caught him by the shoulder. \"No, don't apologize,\" she said, looking into his eyes pleadingly. She hated the turmoil she saw reflected back at her, turmoil she was sure she caused by allowing this foolish escapade to go as far as it did. \"I can't tell you how grateful I am for what you've done for me.\" And before she realized it, she had leaned down and kissed him on the mouth, reviling in his smoky taste. He reached up, partly to keep her from falling off Casper and partly to wrap his fingers around her curls. They broke in time to hide the contact from Corvus' men, who appeared over the crest of the hill minutes later. Cassia could still remember the heat of his lips on hers and the touch of his callused fingers, and it still filled her body with a pleasant warmth. Milo had been gentle, almost reverential when he had kissed her—so different from when Corvus forced the intimacy Cassia was so reluctant to give. It wasn't only unwanted, it could be painful. Corvus only cared about his own desires and how it felt for him. Cassia shook her head, trying to banish any thoughts of the senator. She turned back to Colossus, who was still stamping a hoof irritably. How had Milo done it? He'd reached out a hand slowly and said something like… \"Ssh, ssh, boy, it's all right,\" Cassia said, hesitantly raising a hand towards the giant horse. \"My lady, don't!\" Julian hissed worriedly, but he wouldn't dare lay a hand on her to stop her. \"Only the senator can control him. He'll bite you!\" Cassia ignored him, inching closer to Colossus. He watched her suspiciously, jerking his head away when she was near. But she persisted, step by step, murmuring sweet reassurances to him until finally she was within inches of his muzzle. Very slowly, very gently, she reached up and stroked his cheek. He froze, quivering slightly at the unfamiliar contact, but as she stroked, he finally relaxed and lowered his head closer to her. \"That's amazing,\" Julian breathed. Cassia felt herself smile, which she hadn't done in a long time. She continued to pet Colossus, who nuzzled her cheek affectionately. \"All he needed was some love,\" she told the others. As Helena and Julian excitedly talked about what just happened, Cassia found herself focusing on something completely different. Something Julian had said kept replaying in her mind: \"He's the fastest horse in the stable…\" The villa doors were guarded, but the stable was left alone. It opened into the courtyard but also back into the fields. Around the fields was a fence, at least six feet high—too high for Cassia to ever climb without attracting attention. But a horse could jump it. If she could sneak out at night, she could be over the fence and into Rome before anyone realized she was gone. And from Rome, she could leave for one of her parents' other homes, in other cities where relatives would shelter her. Corvus was powerful in Rome, but in Sicily or Malta, he'd have no authority. Southern Italy was like a totally different kingdom. Besides, once she was out of Rome, he'd have no idea where to look for her. He's the fastest horse in the stable. It could work.[Chapter 6] Cassia rummaged through chests and closets, looking through the fine gowns that must have been among Corvus' war spoils. She examined a sheer dark purple gown. It had a plunging neckline and a hemline that stopped mid-thigh. It was optimal for her purposes. She slipped it on and sat down to wait. The sun was setting, and Corvus would be home from his duties at any moment. Sure enough, she herd his chariot approaching. He strutted into her room. When he saw her reclining on her bed, he stopped and swept his gaze over her. \"Why Cassia, you look ravishing,\" he said. His tongue flicked over his fang. \"If I'm going to have to be your wife, I might as well enjoy the benefits,\" Cassia said smoothly. \"Won't you have a seat?\" She stretched her arm toward a table, which was laden with delicacies and a flask of wine. \"You must be famished after such a long day.\" Corvus took a seat, and Cassia joined him. She poured him a glass of wine. \"This new attitude suits you.\" Corvus said. \"What made you change your mind?\" \"It is a woman's place to accept her lot, and truly mine is better than most.\" Cassia said. She watched as he drank his wine. Cassia adjusted her dress, arranging it across her legs. Corvus watched her appreciatively. Before he could make a move, she leaned forward and kissed him boldly. He tensed slightly in surprise and leaned back in his chair. Cassia plunged forward, running her fingers through her hair and tousling it. For the first time, she was in control. Corvus couldn't take what she gave him freely. She pulled away and settled back in her chair, pouring Corvus another glass of wine. \"Did you enjoy that?\" she asked, looking modestly at her hands. \"It was like embracing Venus,\" Corvus answered. \"Exult in the knowledge that more in coming soon,\" Cassia said. \"For now, make merry.\" She passed him the wine. The glasses were large, and Corvus had been too distracted to eat anything. When he set down his second glass, it wobbled on the table. \"Cassia...\" His words were slurred. He reached to embrace her. She stood up. \"You mentioned how you loved my outfit, and how… minimalistic it is. Would you like to see something even more so?\" she said. Corvus almost fell out of his chair. \"I'll be right back,\" Cassia said. She slipped out of the room, swaying as she walked. As soon as she was out of sight, she headed for the stables. Her short dress would make it easy to leap up onto Colossus. His dark color would blend into the night. It was ideal for her purposes. Helena was waiting for her in the stables. \"You're here, my lady,\" she said anxiously. \"I was so worried. Here, I prepared some supplies for you.\" She passed Cassia a bundle. \"Thank you, Helena. I wish…\" Cassia said. \"It's all right, my lady. This is all I know. I get along.\" Helena said softly. \"You need to get on your way.\" Cassia unhitched the gray horse and leaped onto his back. She turned to say goodbye to Helena. Over her shoulder, she saw the stable door open. Corvus filled its frame. He did not look happy.[Chapter 7] \"My lady doesn't give me enough credit,\" Corvus drawled with a grim smile as he approached her. \"If she wanted a rough ride, she could have just stayed in her chambers.\" When Cassia's mind finally unfroze enough to let her think, she briefly considered just barreling over the senator and jumping the fence anyway. No one could stop Colossus, and she'd be too far gone to catch by the time Corvus' men saddled up. But that dream was dashed when other soldiers marched through the door with Helena between them. Corvus saw Cassia's glance flick to Helena and he smiled broader. \"I know you're far too tender to let anything—unpleasant—happen to your maidservant,\" he said, reaching up his hand to her. She took it, despair flooding her heart, and he pulled her off Colossus. He didn't let go of her waist afterwards. \"How did you know?\" she questioned. \"A little bird told me,\" he replied, and a soldier thrust Julian in front of them. \"Julian, how could you?\" Cassia asked, words filled with pain. Julian looked as anguished as Cassia. \"I'm sorry, m'lady, but they forced me…\" \"We've no time for this nonsense,\" Corvus cut him off, motioning to one of the soldiers. \"Take care of it.\" Two soldiers grabbed Julian by the arms, and a third drew his sword and started advancing on the stable boy. \"Corvus, don't!\" Cassia pleaded, clutching the senator's shoulder. \"It wasn't his fault!\" \"He almost let my betrothed escape,\" Corvus replied. \"That's crime enough.\" Before Cassia could protest further, the soldier had thrust his sword into Julian's side. Julian gave a horrible, wet gasp as blood spurted from the wound. He fell onto his knees, clutching the red stain on his shirt as his mouth worked but no words came out. Then he fell over dead. Helena screamed in the background, but Cassia made no sound. Corvus had held her steady through the short but extreme ordeal, so she hadn't been able to look away. But she refused to make a sound. \"Rebellion's always punished,\" Corvus told her with wicked relish. He motioned again, and Cassia was filled with horror as two soldiers grabbed Helena by the arms and dragged her into the middle of the stables, only footsteps away from Julian's cooling body. \"No!\" Cassia cried. \"She had nothing to do with it!\" \"You can't think I'm that stupid,\" Corvus snapped. \"Someone had to give you the supplies. I'll take care of this one myself.\" Guarded by soldiers on both sides, Cassia watched Corvus advancing on Helena with his sword drawn, and her heart cried for the terrified maidservant who had only ever been her friend. Her need to save Helena overrode all other considerations, even her pride. Without thinking about it, she pushed her way past the guards and grabbed Corvus by the leg. \"Don't, please!\" she pleaded, begging on her knees. She didn't care about her pride or her self-respect; she just had to save her only friend. \"Please, Corvus, be merciful!\" Corvus froze mid-stride, almost as surprised at her as she was at herself. \"The lovely lady Cassia on her knees before me?\" he said, words dripping with both mockery and pleasure. \"Is this slave worth so much to you?\" \"If you spared her, I would be forever grateful,\" Cassia forced herself to say. \"How would you show me that gratitude?\" Corvus asked. She forced herself to look into his eyes. \"I'd do my best to show my husband that gratitude every day and—\" her face reddened—\"every night.\" \"My lady certain knows how make a man's blood burn,\" Corvus said with a terrible smile, reaching down to draw her up beside him. \"Show me some now.\" Cassia's stomach twisted, but she ignored it, reaching up towards him. She had to stand on tiptoe and hold his shoulders for balance, but she managed to stand tall enough to kiss him on the mouth. She hated herself for doing it, but there was no other choice. The kiss started hesitantly, but Corvus kissed her back hard, wrapping his arms around her waist and drawing her up closer to him. She didn't know much about kissing, but she had seen her parents kiss, and she wrapped her arms around his neck like she'd seen her mother do to her father. Corvus' hand dropped from the small of her back to grab at her backside, and she instinctively gasped at the crude contact, which gave him a chance to push his tongue into her mouth. She pulled back in shock, breaking the kiss as her face reddened with shame. Corvus only chuckled. \"I see you still have a lot to learn,\" he said, tracing a thumb across her lips. \"I look forward to educating you.\" He ordered the soldiers to release Helena, and Cassia tried to go to her, but he caught her by the wrist. \"I think we still have matters to discuss, dear heart,\" he told her, marching back towards the villa. Cassia had no choice but to follow, twisting around for a last despondent look at Helena. The poor maidservant looked as miserable as her mistress, and Cassia felt her eyes brim with tears at what she'd been through. Corvus led Cassia back to her chambers, dragging her through the doors and slamming them shut. As soon as they closed, he slammed her into the wall, one hand around her throat. She gasped as he pulled her up so that she could barely reach the floor. \"Just to make sure we don't have a repeat of tonight's excitement,\" he said, his free hand running up her neck and across her cheekbone, \"let's get one thing clear: you have something I want. Therefore, it's mine. So this idea of running away—it's not going to happen.\" Cassia tried to pry his fingers off her throat but he didn't move. \"And to ensure it doesn't happen, I'm letting you know that if you try to run away again, I'll execute your little maidservant friend,\" he continued, fingers winding through her hair. \"And if for some reason you actually do manage to escape, I'll kill all the slave children.\" He leaned against her to whisper in her ear, \"Do we understand each other?\" \"Yes,\" Cassia gasped out, desperate to suck air into her burning lungs. \"I'm afraid I didn't quite catch that,\" Corvus told. \"Yes, I understand!\" Cassia repeated. He smiled maliciously. \"Good girl.\" He released her and she leaned against her vanity for support as she gasped in air. He didn't let her rest for long though. \"Let's see some more of that gratitude,\" he said, his voice husky with lust as he held her face with both hands and kissed her, trapping her between the vanity and his body. He leaned into her hard and she had to brace against the vanity to support them. As he kissed her hungrily, his hands slid down her neck and over her shoulders, and his kisses following the trail. He started pulling at her sleeves, and Cassia felt her dress slip lower, dangerous close to sliding off entirely. She pushed against his shoulders. \"No…\" \"No?\" Corvus repeated, voice dangerously soft. \"No, please,\" Cassia amended. This time, when the tears came to her eyes, she didn't force them back, but let him see her distress openly. \"Please, you've already taken my freedom and my pride. Can't you let me keep my honor? Please?\" Corvus chuckled wryly. \"Women are so shy,\" he said, pulling her sleeves back up. \"I suppose I can wait the last few days between our wedding.\" \"Thank you,\" Cassia whispered, unable to look at him in her humiliation. \"Sleep well, beloved, and enjoy your honor while you can,\" Corvus said with a last kiss. \"In three days, I'll show you how a real man beds his wife.\" He swept out of her bedroom with a terrible laugh. As soon as Cassia was sure he was really gone, she curled up on her bed and sobbed.[Chapter 8] Milo's eyes were riveted on the horizon ahead as he wearily rode forward. He'd found another horse hitched to a post near a villa outside Pompeii after a day of walking. He'd taken it without thinking then, and he didn't really feel guilty now. Perhaps its owner was among the dead in the city. Maybe he wasn't. Cassia needed him and he could bear the theft on his conscience. All roads lead to Rome , Milo thought drily. Except the ones that lead to farms, or that split off, or the ones that dwindle into nothingness. He'd been riding for four days and Rome was nowhere to be found. Of course, he had to duck off the road and hide whenever soldiers came by. Even if Corvus didn't have a bounty on him he was still an escaped slave. One would think the destruction of Pompeii would be more important, but this was no time for risks. At first Milo thought the buildings in the distance were trees or perhaps ruins. He'd been riding so long he'd started to wonder if Rome was a legend. He stared at them. They were most assuredly buildings. Scores of buildings stretching back for miles. Rome. Milo thought, first disbelievingly and then exultingly. Rome! Then he wasn't tired anymore. He spurred his horse to a gallop. It flew forward with Milo crouched on his back. He felt its solid muscles stretching and tensing as its long limbs pounded the ground. He remembered why he loved horses and riding. He felt like an arrow launched toward his target. He was coming for Cassia. And he was coming for Corvus.[Chapter 9] On the morning of her wedding, Cassia felt nothing at all. She'd resigned herself to her future, if only for Helena's sake and the sake of all the other slaves who unknowingly depended on her for their lives. Cassia knew Corvus and knew his threat was real—what else could she do but go through with the ceremony? Helena helped her prepare. Usually, the bride's mother would do the honors, but Cassia was alone except for her loyal maidservant. Besides, she doubted Corvus would care about tradition, anyway. He'd made sure to invite all the right people and prepare all the right dishes, but it was only for show, to emphasis his authority and influence. He was not a romantic at heart. Helena tried to comfort her mistress as she helped Cassia into the beautiful silk gown made especially for that evening. \"Marriage isn't terrible,\" she started hesitantly. \"All women get used to it.\" \"Get used to being owned by a man who cares more about trophies than human beings?\" Cassia spat out, but she softened when she saw Helena's expression. \"Helena, I'm sorry, I'm not angry with you. It's just so heartbreaking. This isn't how I imagined my life…\" \"I know,\" Helena said quietly. \"But it isn't so bad. You'll always have security and authority—Corvus is gone so much, you'll be in charge most of the time. And soon, you'll have your children to love and nurture.\" The thought of bearing Corvus' children was almost too terrible to contemplate, and Helena saw it in Cassia's eyes, so she pushed on quickly, \"And you'll only have to deal with him when he comes back from campaigns. Men are ardent with new brides, but it wears off quickly.\" \"But what about…?\" Cassia stopped, struggling to ask the question that was on her mind. But Helena guessed it easily. \"The wedding night?\" she offered. \"The first time is always hard and uncomfortable. It can be painful. But the trick is to imagine with someone you truly care about. Picture his face instead.\" Instantly, a vision of Milo jumped into Cassia's mind. \"It always works for me,\" Helena finished softly. It took a second for Cassia to understand the terrible meaning. \"What? Why do you have to imagine? I didn't even know you had someone…\" Helena paled, eyes filling with mortification. \"I'm sorry, m'lady, I didn't mean to talk about my personal life…\" \"No, tell me ,\" Cassia commanded. It took a few minutes for Helena to steady herself. \"The senator always visits his new female slaves,\" she finally forced out. Cassia felt horror wash over her, horror for her only friend and everything she had been through. \"He's—he's… been … with you?\" \"It isn't so bad,\" Helena repeated, trying to convince her mistress but also herself as tears started forming in her eyes. \"He's brusque and to the point and once he's done, he leaves you alone. If you just do what he says, he doesn't hurt you.\" Cassia's mind threatened to retreat deep into itself as she tried to process just how terrible Helena's story was. But as her heart broke afresh for her friend's suffering, she mentally froze it mid-shatter. \"No more.\" Helena eyed her quizzically. \"What do you mean, mistress?\" \"I'm not going to let Corvus hurt you anymore,\" Cassia said firmly. \"I'm not going to let him hurt anyone anymore.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Helena asked, worry coloring her voice. \"You can't do anything.\" \"But I can ,\" Cassia replied, a plan already forming in her sharp mind. \"Who better to finish him than the woman who shares his bed? He'd never suspect any danger, and when he's asleep, he'll be completely vulnerable.\" \"It's treason to even speak like that about a senator,\" Helena whispered, but her eyes were already starting to fill with something that looked a bit like hope. \"What if there's no sign of foul play?\" Cassia countered. \"What if he drinks the wine he's so fond of, but this time, there's something in it? There are poisons that cause natural-looking deaths.\" \"How do you know these things?\" Helena asked, both in fear and admiration. \"My old nursery maid was an Etruscan, and she knew the ways of plants and animals,\" Cassia explained. \"I used to beg her to teach me, and she finally taught me how to make some medicines—and some poisons.\" \"I'll bring you what you need,\" Helena offered, almost inaudibly. Cassia was filled with overwhelming love for her friend, reaching out to embrace her warmly. \"We'll get through this,\" she whispered. \"I'll make things right.\"[Chapter 10] Warning: This chapter is a little intense and has some very adult content in it. The wedding ceremony passed in a blur for Cassia. One moment, she and Corvus were holding hands in front of a burnt sacrifice, the next the guests had poured into the main hall for the wedding feast. It was a long day, and she had trouble focusing on the present events as she calculated the best potion to add to Corvus' wine. She managed to whisper the ingredients to Helena, who disappeared into the crowd. They had a chance to mix the concoction that evening, since tradition dictated that the bride prepare with her maidservant before her new husband entered the bedchamber. Cassia was sure Corvus was only too happy to stay with his soldier comrades and celebrate his good fortune. He'd probably be drunk by the time he stumbled into the bed chamber, which would make Cassia's job even easier. He'd never refuse a drink from his smiling new bride. As the night grew darker, Helena helped Cassia into her nightgown, a thin slip of satin that made her feel very exposed but that, she hoped, would help distract Corvus and make him easier to manipulate. The women had just set up two golden goblets when Corvus pushed through the doors—but he seemed very sober. \"Ah, here's my beautiful bride,\" he said, running his eyes down Cassia's frame hungrily. \"I could barely control myself during the ceremony, you looked so ravishing.\" \"Thank you,\" Cassia said, trying to sound sincere and warm. She had to get him to trust her. \"You can leave us now, maidservant,\" Corvus called over her shoulder to Helena. \"And take that wine with you.\" Cassia couldn't help but startle. \"But, husband,\" she forced out, \"I know how you enjoy spirits, and I assumed you'd want to celebrate our union…\" \"Oh, we'll celebrate,\" Corvus replied, taking her in his arms, \"but I want to remain sharp for this extra special night.\" Before Cassia could protest, his lips claimed hers. She fought the urge to resist, remembering his threats and her vulnerable position. Struggling would do no good now—he would still take what he wanted, and it would be weeks before he would trust her enough to take anything she offered. She could only watch in silent despair as Helena slipped out of the room, taking the wine with her. \"Mmm, alone at last,\" Corvus purred against her ear as the door clicked shut. One of his handed started to slide up her nightgown, eagerly exploring her body. Despite her mental resolve, she pulled back instinctively. \"Are you still so shy?\" Corvus chuckled, voice dripping with mockery, but there was a dangerous undercurrent underneath. \"What happened to your promised gratitude?\" Fear for Helena, for the other slaves filled Cassia's mind. \"I'm sorry,\" she said quickly, trying to look like a blushing bride. \"I am unschooled in the ways of pleasing a man, but I will try.\" \"Such innocence,\" Corvus said with a dark smile, brushing his thumb across her lips. \"But you're a clever girl—you'll learn quickly.\" He took her hand and led her to the bed. Cassia's stomach twisted and she felt sick, but she kept the despair from flashing across her face. \"Soon enough, you'll be impatient for me to visit your bed,\" Corvus said behind her, his hands running down her hips and encircling her front as he kissed her neck. He pulled at one of her straps, kissing the exposed skin of her shoulder. \"You'll beg me to make love to you.\" Cassia bit her lip to cut off any protests. Just go through with it, and he'll trust you , she told herself. You can poison his drink tomorrow night. Corvus turned her around so her back was to the bed and kissed her hard, pulling her so hard against him she could feel every part of his body. He pushed her onto the bed, pushing her legs apart impatiently. The closer he came to his goal, the less controlled he was. \"I've wanted you ever since I first saw you,\" he breathed, pushing her nightgown up and running rough hands along her legs. He wrapped his fingers under her knees and pulled suddenly, pulling her tightly against him. Cassia winced as she felt him through the thin material of his tunic. Imagine Milo , she ordered herself, trying desperately to conjure her true love's face. Imagine it's Milo . But Corvus saw her unfocused gaze and guessed her strategy. \"You women are all the same,\" he chuckled, digging his fingers into Cassia' upper leg and tearing her legs wider apart, so roughly that she gasped and snapped out of her daydream. He cupped her chin with one hand, pulling her back to look at him. \"Don't daydream now, darling,\" he added with terrible menace. \"I want you to remember this.\" He kissed her again, his full weight hard against her. As he started kissing his way along her jawline, she felt like she was suffocating under him. She tried to suck in a breath, but he slipped his thumb into her mouth instead. Her first startled instinct was to bite down, but she knew what he wanted, and what would happen if she didn't do it, so she sucked dutifully. \"Good girl,\" Corvus whispered in her ear, voice husky with lust. \"Before long, I'll give you something more substantial to satisfy that pretty mouth.\" He licked around her ear, nipping it hard enough for her to gasp, which only made him chuckle again. She was relieved when he pulled his thumb out of her mouth, but it was no better when he dropped his hand to her hip and pulled her nightgown the rest of the way up, leaving her legs bare and exposed around him. Cassia felt him start to hike up his own tunic, and she couldn't hide the fear in her eyes. Corvus noticed it with relish. \"Are you ready, little wife?\" he asked, pushing against her harder. Cassia kept her gaze on Corvus, but her mind was somewhere else entirely. Think of Milo think of Milo think of Milo think of Milo oh please let it be quick think of Milo… Suddenly the chamber doors banged open, and in rushed Milo.[Chapter 11] Milo POV Milo tore through the villa, searching for the room that held Cassia. He knew this was Corvus' mansion. He saw his horse tied haphazardly to a post. People may blur, but Milo knew horses. He wondered why there was nobody in the halls. For the moment, he didn't care. It gave him a chance to pick up a sword in one of the rooms on the first floor. A thump came from upstairs, followed by a soft cry. Milo darted up the stairs and threw open the first door he came to, revealing Corvus bent over Cassia's reclining form. Corvus whipped around as the door slammed open and smiled at Milo. \"You wouldn't interrupt a man and his wife on their wedding night?\" He asked. He felt at Cassia's torn neckline. \"Get away from her!\" Milo spat. He aimed his sword at Corvus' chest as he advanced toward Cassia. Corvus stood up and slowly backed away from Cassia. He stood against the back wall, watching Milo intently. Milo turned to Cassia. \"Are you all right?\" He asked. More accurately, he tried to ask, because as soon as he turned Corvus snatched a clay urn off the ground and launched it at his head. The urn shattered against Milo and knocked him to the ground. Cassia sat up and gasped. Before she could even stand Corvus had retrieved his sword from the belt he had carelessly tossed aside when he entered the room and sprung at Milo. Milo scrambled to his feet just as Corvus swung his sword at the spot he had fallen. \"Barbarian dog.\" Corvus snarled. \"Let's see you fight an honorable man.\" He assumed a perfect swordfighting stance, his sword angled to protect his entire body. Milo could see that Corvus knew how to swordfight. But he also knew Corvus didn't fight for his life every day. And he mentioned honor. There was no place for honor in the arena. Just violence and death. Victory by any means necessary. There were no rules and no mercy. For the first time in his life, Milo was glad he was a gladiator. Corvus charged Milo, who stepped sideways and turned to avoid the blow. He didn't know how Corvus fought, and right now it was best to gauge his style and look for weak spots. Corvus pivoted neatly without stopping and swung his sword at Milo's neck. Milo jerked his sword upward to fend off the blow and their swords crashed together, staggering Milo and sending shockwaves screaming up his arm. The impact startled Corvus as well, and he stepped backward. Milo took advantage of the moment and slammed his shoulder into Corvus, knocking him back another step. Before he could regain his balance, Milo stabbed at his chest. Corvus knocked his blade aside, but Milo leaned forward and the sword slashed across Corvus' other arm. Corvus hissed lightly and leapt backward. The two stared at each other intensely and waited for the next move. Milo sprang forward and feinted at Corvus' side. At the last moment he turned his sword downward at Corvus' legs, but Corvus anticipated him and moved forward, bringing him too close for the blow to gain momentum. At the same moment, he swept his sword sideways in a blow that would have cut Milo in half had he no hopped sideways and around Corvus to ride it. As it was, it scored a light gash along his side. Milo ignored it and raised his sword for another strike. Neither of them noticed that the woman they were fighting over was no longer in the room. Cassia POV Cassia stared dumbly as Milo raised his sword and said… something. She couldn't process whatever it was. Corvus stopped groping her- she processed that- and turned to look at the intruder. He heaved himself off of her and sullenly backed against a wall as Milo kept talking. Could it really be? Was she hallucinating to escape what Corvus was doing to her? Milo certainly looked real. He was dirty and tousled. Surely she wouldn't imagine that. Milo approached her and turned toward her. He was about to say something else. Then something exploded by his head and he crumpled to the ground. The cacophonous shattering convinced her that Milo was entirely real and he was really here for her. She gasped and sat up as she realized Corvus had thrown something at Milo. She saw him grab his belt. The sight of his belt brought a moment of revulsion, but it quickly turned to horror when she saw him retrieve his sword and spring at Milo. Cassia had no idea what to do. She was painfully smaller than Corvus and had never even held a sword before. Maybe she could at least help Milo, but what if she got in his way? What if Corvus grabbed her and made Milo drop his sword? She couldn't just sit and do nothing. That wouldn't hurt but it was certain not to help, either. I know, she thought. I'll go get the other slaves. Corvus can't fight them all. She slipped off the bed and darted out of the room. Milo and Corvus were too busy circling each other to even notice. She sprinted down the stairs toward the servants' quarters. They were a row of cell-like rooms with planks barring the doors as a simple lock. It was the work of minutes to lift the boards and free the occupants. Most of them sat dully in the darkness and didn't move. Others cowered in corners and begged Cassia to seal them back in. Cassia stopped in frustration. There were a lot fewer servants that she had hoped. More than half of them were women, mostly flighty and malnourished. She was sickened to see that a number of them were children, many who looked barely old enough to dress themselves. The few men were old and struggled to walk. One seemed to be blind. They won't be any help , Cassia thought in frustration. Even if they had the strength and courage to fight, Corvus could cut them down at his leisure. We'd only get in the way. Cassia refused to give up. She ran along the hall, searching for the one person she knew she could count on. \"Helena! Helena, where are you?\" She cried. \"I'm here, Lady Cassia!\" Cassia heard the reply coming from a cell down the line. She heaved the bar out of the way and threw open the door. Helena flew out of the room, more animated than Cassia thought her capable. \"What are you doing here?\" She asked excitedly. \"Is Corvus dead?\" \"No, he's upstairs fighting Milo. We have to help him! Where's the arsenal?\" Cassia demanded. Helena wasn't sure how two young women were going to defeat Corvus, but she trusted Cassia and she knew where the armory was. She led Cassia to a room filled with weapons of all sorts. Cassia looked all around at weapons she didn't even know existed and tried to be sensible. Projectiles would be optimal, but she didn't have the strength to draw the longbows that were as tall as she was. She certainly didn't want to rush in with a sword or dagger. That wouldn't end well. Then she saw some spears. They were six feet long and wickedly sharp. They would lengthen her reach and were easy enough for her to use. She grabbed one and tossed the other to Helena. Helena looked entirely unsure awkwardly holding a spear and looking expectantly at her. \"Just… point that end at Corvus and we'll go from there.\" Cassia told her. She tried to look confident as she led Helena back up the stairs toward Milo.[Chapter 12] Warning: This chapter contains some graphic elements Milo panted as he watched Corvus, waiting for any missteps. For his part, Corvus seemed to know he was fighting a professional, and he was exercising admirable caution. He was standing a few feet from Milo at the moment. Both of them were completely tensed and searching for the perfect moment to strike. Corvus broke the silence. \"I suppose you think you can just burst in here and save your precious Cassia from being deflowered.\" He said, and grinned as if Cassia was under him. \"Did you think I would wait that long? You're too late.\" Milo lunged forward and swung brutally at Corvus' throat. Corvus ducked aside and slashed at Milo's hand, nearly knocking the sword from it. Milo instinctively gripped harder, bending over as if overcome with pain. Corvus raised his sword to strike at his back. Milo swung around, his sword slamming into Corvus and sending it flying across the room. Corvus didn't hesitate for a second. He grabbed Milo like a wrestler and threw him to the ground. At such close quarters Milo couldn't get leverage for his sword. He struggled to throw Corvus off of him and get to his feet. Then Corvus grabbed his sword arm and bit his bleeding hand as hard as he could. Milo shrieked in surprise and pain. He could feel his grip failing, and he flicked his wrist as he let go. The sword clattered to a stop a few yards away. At least Corvus wouldn't have it either. While Corvus was still locked on his hand, Milo brought his leg up and slammed it into Corvus' crotch. Corvus squealed, releasing his hand. He curled up, allowing Milo to throw him off and regain his feet. He stepped toward his sword, but Corvus pounced from his crouch and tackled him to the ground. He grabbed him by the hair and slammed his head into the ground. Milo felt blood welling on his forehead and wasn't sure if he could stand even if Corvus wasn't there. He wasn't used to fistfighting. If a gladiator was disarmed he never had time to defend himself with his hands. In addition to that, Milo's build was light and wiry, suitable for riding a horse. Corvus was solid and tall- the ideal soldier. Milo figured Corvus would take the advantage and continue to batter him until his skull was shattered. With that in mind, he went limp as soon as Corvus slammed his head into the ground a second time. He felt Corvus rise to his feet and knew he was going for the sword to make sure the job was done. Milo flew to his feet before Corvus could take another step. Corvus heard the noise and turned back just as Milo drove his fist into his throat. Corvus made a choking noise and his hands flew to his throat. That just meant Milo's next strike was directed at his nose. There was a loud crack and blood spurted down Corvus' face. Milo knew he would have to be bold and keep Corvus engaged to have any hope of winning the fight. Swords were his element, not fists. Corvus must have known that as well, because he shrugged off the broken nose and threw his entire body into a punch that connected with Milo's jaw and knocked him backwards until he hit the edge of the bed and nearly fell into it. Corvus followed after him and backhanded him savagely, knocking him to the ground. Milo drew back his foot and kicked at Corvus' knee. Something crunched and Corvus crumbled to the ground next to him. Even as he fell he grabbed for Milo's throat. Milo felt the breath being throttled from him as he kicked and battered at Corvus. He landed multiple blows, but Corvus was locked on like a python. He squeezed harder, bearing down with his entire weight and crushing Milo's chest. Milo pressed his hand into the ground to try to force his way up when something pricked his finger. He reached out and grabbed it. It was a shard of pottery. Milo brought his other arm up and pressed against Corvus' chest, pushing him backwards slightly. It was enough. He gripped the shard and slashed it across Corvus' throat. It ripped into his flesh raggedly and blood erupted profusely. Corvus reared back defensively and Milo stuck the shard into his lower neck as far as it would go, twisting it as it went. Corvus tried to gasp. The blood bubbled in his throat and no sound came out. Blood pulsed from his would like a stream, spilling onto Milo and puddling on the floor. Corvus pressed his hands against his throat to hold in it, but it just streamed between his fingers. Milo threw Corvus away from him and got to his feet. Corvus made no move to resist him. He knelt on the ground, trying to hold himself together. He wavered and fell forward on one arm as Milo retrieved his sword. He knew when he got back to Corvus that he wouldn't need it. He was curled on his side, still weakly trying to stem the flow. Milo heard footsteps and turned to the door. Cassia and Helena stood in the doorway holding spears. Helena was dragging hers behind her, but Cassia held hers firmly in both hands, angled outward to attack. \"Milo, are you all right?\" She asked urgently. \"I'm fine.\" Milo mumbled, distracted by seeing Cassia and seeing her with a spear. Cassia hardly listened. When she saw Corvus huddled on the ground, she cautiously approached him, still holding her spear. She knelt by him. \"He's dying.\" Milo helpfully commented. Cassia didn't acknowledge him. She silently watched as Corvus dazedly looked up at her. He tried to sit up and reach for her, but a fresh flow of blood sent him back to his crouch. He continued to stare at her. Cassia didn't say anything to him. She found Milo's hand and pulled him to his knees next to her. She looked into Corvus' eyes for a long moment. Then she turned her head away from him and pulled Milo into a kiss.[Chapter 13] It turned out, rather unsurprisingly, that the late senator didn't have many supporters. For this reason, no one questioned his tearful new bride when she announced the next morning that he'd fallen off the balcony after one too many drinks and impaled himself on his own sword. Only hours after becoming a bride, Cassia suddenly became a widow, which suited her much more. After all, widows inherit all of their late husband's property. While Cassia was considerably wealthy before her marriage, she was doubly well off after her husband's unfortunate accident. The first formal action she took after arranging the funeral was to free all of Corvus' slaves, offering the chance to stay on at the villa for real wages or pursue their dreams in freedom. Most stayed, having no other place to go. They lived the rest of their lives happy and secure, and Cassia's plantations prospered because of their admiration and love for their new mistress. Helena, of course, stayed. While Cassia insisted that she couldn't be a servant, Helena insisted just as stubbornly that she was the best choice as the new house mother, in charge of all the other servants' well-being. She was remarkably skilled at caring for everyone's needs while still spending most of her waking hours at Cassia's side. Proper etiquette had to be followed for Cassia's period of mourning, but as soon as the month was up, she left Rome to move closer to her family in Sicily. Milo and Helena came with her. As soon as she had taken residence in her family's Sicilian villa, she and Milo were wed. It was a joyous and beautiful event, and everyone talked for months about the beautiful bride and her passionate, handsome husband. It was about two years later when Helena delivered Cassia's first child, a son Milo named Atticus. A year later, the couple's daughter Helena was born, named after her godmother. More children followed as the years progressed. As their family grew, so did their prosperity and their strong reputation as just and compassionate leaders. They lived to ripe old ages, watching their grandchildren grow. Though time wore along, slowing Milo's stride and whitening Cassia's hair, they were as much in love as they had been when they shared their first kiss. Milo continued to call Cassia the fairest woman he had ever seen, and Cassia continued to call Milo the bravest man she'd ever met. Frequently, in the early morning at dawn or after the revelries of the evening, the two lovers would slip out of the villa on one of their horses and fly across the fields. It really wasn't a surprise to any of their children when they were found one morning wrapped in each other's arms in the final, lasting sleep. Cassia was resting on Milo's shoulder and Milo had his arms wrapped around his wife. They looked completely at peace. They died as they had lived: together. ","Summary":" \"You could hear the shrieks of women, the wailing of infants, and the shouting of men; some were c"}]