[{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Li Mu Bai and Yu Shu Lien","Author":"Reubes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3603410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He placed his arms around her.nLovingly. Longingly. Hisnhands positioned themselves in the small of her spine. She relaxedninto him, and shut her eyes. Her black hair fell back, revealing thennape of her neck. Hisnlips touched there, gently. They rose, higher, until both pairs werenlocked together. Softly. Shenforgot everything. The bird song. The running water. Everything. Shenfelt no floor, no wind. Just him. JustnLi Mu Bai. Li MunBai and Yu Shu Lien. ","Summary":" He placed his arms around her.nLovingly. Longingly. Hisnhands positioned themselves in the small of"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Before Time","Author":"Shinma Inuyasha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1111164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] - BeforernTime by Shinma Inuyasha - A review upon the finalrnthoughts of Jen, the bittersweet aristocrat girl Disclaimer : I don'trnown the film, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. All thoughts about the expressedrntopic are strictly opinion based and have no factual brings about the film.rnThank you. - __________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________________________ - My namernis Jen. I stand before you as both woman and monster, for the deeds committedrnin my life I am neither proud nor ashamed. I am a young aristocrat and raisedrnas a daughter to Jade Fox, a fighter whose skills I am by far superior too. Irnam the one who stole the Green Destiny from the two master warriors, Li Mu Bai and Shu Lien. I caused the death ofrnLi Mu Bai and the sorrow of his lover's bitter heart. As I said before, I amrnneither proud nor ashamed… I am a monster. I am the dragon hidden within therncrouching tiger. Here Irnstand at the temple's edge, watching the bellowing mists arise around me. Thernblue skies at plentiful and the underbellies of white clouds roll on in theirrndepths. I stare at the willow treetops as they blow into the warm midday'srnbreeze. I am humiliated and in awe of such beauties. I do not serve them. Theserntreasures are meant for those of pure hearts, like Shu Lien, who dream of thernenduring powers of love. I am envious of her, because I don't believe in suchrnthings, only my bitterness. I lovedrnShu Lien once. She was my friend, but now after I completed my evils… she viewsrnme as an adversary. I suppose witnessing your love die before you as thatrneffect upon you. I shall never know this; my love stands next to me. My fairrnlove the reason for my upheavals… my Lo. He isrnbeautiful to me and is the only beautiful thing that I have known during myrnlife as a governor's daughter, an aristocrat. I watch him now. His dark hair ofrnebony falls into his liquid ink eyes of mystery. He stares at me with love inrnhis eyes. He always has, ever since the first moment we met. I am glad for him.rnHe is the only thing I don't regret in my life of bittersweet tragedy. I canrnrelate to his sorrows, just as he can to mine. I love him. I thinkrnof many things as I stand here, awe be gone. I think of Jade, my teacher. Sherntaught me the ways of fighting and how she was my only friend in this world. Tornthink, I thought her to be right, but she only sought to control me, like thernrest of the world. She could not understand that I wished to be free and learnrnon my own. I regret nothing I have placed onto her shoulders. The Jade Foxrnplays the wheels of her own burdens, not I. I wish her well… I try not to hate. The whiternmists grow nearer to me. Soon they will block me from my Lo, like they blockedrnShu Lien from Li Mu Bai. I sweep for Li Mu Bai's soul as I sweep for my own. Hernshould not have died, but lived. I should have taken his place upon thatrncaverns floor; I am the one to blame. The gods torture me with the kindness ofrnLi Mu Bai's soul. He wished to teach me the ways of a true warrior, but I foundrnmyself too superior to his teachings, like I had with Jade. I should havernlistened to the wise man, for he maybe alive if I had. Who truly knows, but Irnfeel this fact is true. I sigh,rnin hopes of washing my tears away. They stain me with their reminders of myrnselfish deeds. My Lo touches me on the arm and I gently smile. He believes usrnto be as one now and I do not wish to kill his dreams. Lo is truly arncompanionate soul underneath his rough desert hide. He is a lot like me, but hernshall never be like me. My pains and wrongs are far too great than his. I removernmy lover's hand and back away from his tender embrace. I can feel my tearsrnburning in my eyes. I hate my weakness in this world that is why I must do whatrnI am about to do, break away and sent time backwards, make a wish. I have nornconfidence in the future. I want happier times. I standrnon the edge and I think about the fairytale, a boy jumping through the mistsrnwith a wish. I long to jump away like him, from the mountains of myrninconveniences. Do you think it is possible? I ask questions, but I have no doubts.rnI accept the truth behind Lo's tales of happiness and I live on his kind words. I starerninto the blinding fog. I have to detach myself now. I blink away the pain andrnturn from my only love; I hate farewells. As I lift myself from the ground. Thernmist beckons me and I am eager to join it. I look toward Lo and he isrnsuffering. I spin away, not yearning for a scene, and I jump into the mists. They fellrncool upon my skin, the mist does. It washes away my pains, sorrow, wrongs andrnrights. For at last I am free like the birds soaring the blue skies. I bid adornto my friends and foes. I pray to see you again… when the times are right andrnpure. This is my wish. I wish for renew. - _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ - Author'srnNote: Irnbelieve she jumped because Jen could no longer live with the pain she caused inrnthe hearts of the ones she loved. She wished for the righteous death of arnwarrior and by throwing herself away, Jen received her death of suicide. Uponrnjumping through the mists of her doom, Jen freed her soul, which was trapped byrnher lack of confidence in her future. I think she also wished to be togetherrnwith Lo in the desert, a place where she had confidence and believed inrnherself, only because the enduring freedoms of love did also. Thankrnyou for reading and please leave a review on your feelings. I find other peoplernopinion on this very interesting. Thank you again. The darkrnvampyre of shamanic powers… ShinmarnInuyasha ","Summary":" - BeforernTime by Shinma Inuyasha - A review upon the finalrnthoughts of Jen, the bittersweet arist"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"A Jianghu Fairytale","Author":"Kabinett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3554771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Jianghu Fairytale by Kabinett AN: This was written for yuletide, which is a fantastic fandom tradition that I fully support and adore! Go check it out! ---- The first time she met Li Mu Bai, he was dying. He was white and pale and shaking so hard it was as if his body was trying to untangle itself, trying to reduce the muscles and parts of him into a more simpler form. He was dying and when she pressed a hand to his forehead, it scalded her. \"He is dying,\" she had said, for it was true, but the man she was engaged to marry merely clutched at her arm and said: \"No. You will save him, Shu Lien-- he cannot die.\" \"He is dying,\" she had said. \"And it isn't a matter of can or cannot, because he is sick.\" Then the man she was engaged to threw the herbs that had been burning by his sick bed against the wall and spoke over its loud clatter. \"No! Shu Lien, please, please--\" a deep breath, like he was clutching at air \"--try.\" So she tried and she tried and she sent a man she trusted on the assignment for Sun Security instead of going herself, even though his wife was newly pregnant and needed her husband, because her own future husband asked her to try to help the man who soaked bed-clothes through with sweat and coughed so hard every breath must hurt and was so thin that she could see every rib when she cleaned him and changed him. \"Who is this man?\" she had asked. \"He is my brother.\" That is the only answer that he ever gave. That, and, occasionally: \"He is my brother and if anyone can survive this, he can.\" And Shu Lien would sigh and shake her head and return to nursing a man who she never knew until he was dying. She would talk to him, while he was lying there, tell him stories her father had told her before he died, tell him nonsense things about her day. Occasionally she'd insult him, mention that she heard he was supposed to be a fighter of Wudan and it would probably be better for such a person to, you know, live up to the idea that they were supposed be worth more than overcooked rice. And Shu Lien would sigh and continue nursing him and one day, after two weeks of days, he spoke to her. She had just been telling him about how her mother probably could beat him in a fight and her mother was ten years in the grave, when he opened his eyes and gave her an amused little glare. She felt her breath catch – his eyes were so dark and deep, like river-smoothed pebbles, when they weren't glazed with fever. \"I'm sure your mother was a formidable creature,\" he said, ponderously, each word taking longer than the last to squeeze out past the disease. His piece said, he shut his eyes and slept, leaving her heart beating and her breath coming too quickly for a woman who was supposed to be something of a formidable creature herself. After that day he got better with alarming rapidity, like all it had taken for him was to push through the blocks against his voice and everything else could be ripped from his path as easily as paper. He was sitting up in no time and talking to her again, and Shu Lien always felt strange and slightly unbalanced, like he'd parried one of her blows and her footing hadn't been right, so her center of gravity shifted –shifted to the point where she wasn't only thinking of Li Mu Bai as her future husband's bondbrother, but also, her own friend. When he was still recovering, but well enough to think that he was whole, he started to get antsy. He'd try to hide it under a facade of zen and acceptance, but he would meditate more and more every day, spending hours on the floor, cross-legged and trying to find the place within him that was peaceful. The man who would be her husband was worried about this; said that Li Mu Bai had once been so calm, so controlled. This man who must search himself constantly wasn't the man he knew. Shu Lien would laugh and say that he was a sick man who was becoming healthy. He was an athletic man forced to stillness; he would find calm when he was able to move again. And because she thought she was right (her father had been the same way, before his need to move had killed him), as soon as she though he was ready she asked him to go on assignment with her. \"For Sun Security,\" she had said. \"I'm taking a load of medicinal herbs to the capital. Would you like to accompany me?\" \"For Sun Security?\" he had replied. \"I would be honored.\" Now, this was before Li Mu Bai was known throughout the land and long before Shu Lien gained any fame; Mu Bai was still a student – a talented student, with much promise, but a student all the same. His master was still alive and his sword had no name or fame. When they met a group of bandits on the way, they did not retreat until they were beaten, they were not intimidated by the name of Sun Security. But Li Mu Bai and Shu Lien won that battle and they won the next one. They survived the hard ground and insufficient food and Shu Lien's fierce desire to use the medicinal herbs to flavor their bread, just so they wouldn't have to taste the sourness of rot. They didn't grow a name together, in that early time, but they did grow companionable. Shu Lien liked to think of that later, much later, when Li Mu Bai was famous and the man who would be her husband was dead. Sometimes she mentioned it, when they were together. She'd say, \"Remember when we met? Remember when you were dying?\" And he would say, \"I remember you.\" And she'd want to touch him, but knew she couldn't, and he'd think about what he was saying and sit further way, pull further into himself until he'd walk away, gravid with his own sense of honor. She'd watch him go. She'd always watch him go and even if they were working together, he'd be gone the next morning. Usually he'd leave a note, but sometimes if they stood too close when she mentioned it or when his eyes softened too much and his face got too kind – those times, he didn't leave a note. He just left. Once, she asked him if warriors usually ran away from things that frightened them (once, when she was tired and there was a puckered healing wound down her back and he had closed his eyes as he touched her to change the bandage) and he had looked at her for a long moment and said, \"The key to honor is self knowledge.\" That time he didn't even wait for her to ask the questions.. She knew his version of their meeting, she knew it involved things he was not ready to admit to. That time, when he left, she prayed to the spirit of the man who would have been her husband and asked him to forgive her, because she was going to wait, but she was not going to give up. Li Mu Bai, she resolved, would learn the patience of a woman. And her patience was great. She was so patient, though, so steady with him that she had to watch him die. She had to watch him die in front of her, though she was surprised to hear that he didn't die at all. He was Li Mu Bai, the great warrior. She was Yu Shu Lien, the lady warrior and love of his life; their story became public and the world's story. One time, when she was having a meal at a tavern, just having delivered something safely for her firm, she heard a man lean over to his companion and say, \"Do you see her?\" And the other man said, \"Is that Yu Shu Lien?\" And the first man said, \"Yes. Remember how she met Li Mu Bai?\" And the other man said, \"I'm lucky I remembered her at all.\" And the first man settled into tell the story of their meeting. The first time she met Li Mu Bai, she was dying. Or, at least, people were trying to get her to die – Sun Security's caravan was surrounded by fierce bandits and they were very outnumbered, but she rallied the troops. She shouted instructions and fought on in the face of infinite bandits. Eventually, the largest bandit shouted for the rest to stop and he walked in front of her, sneer on his ugly face. He said that he would let them live if they left; he wouldn't slaughter them if they abandoned their cargo. But Shu Lien raised her head and she refused; her job was to protect that cargo and she'd die before she left it in their hands. The bandits raised their weapons to continue attacking the dwindling warriors surrounding the caravan, but suddenly one of them fell, run through with a magnificent sword. Li Mu Bai had come. He whirled, his white robe swirling and the swish of the bamboo trees was the loudest noise he made. Not a sound, not a single sound, and all the bandits were dead. Shu Lin bowed, but Li Mu Bai stopped her. He said a warrior like that has no need to bow. She smiled at him and bowed again. She said that sometimes the greatest warriors knew when they ought to be thankful. He looked at her for a long moment and told her he knew the man who would have been her husband. He said that he was his brother and he was sorry for her loss. She looked at him and said that she was sorry too. She was so very sorry that the man she loved had to die. He said yes. Yes. It is a terrible thing. But to die knowing that you were loved, that is something. And to live knowing that you have loved and were loved in return, that is something. And to ignore those things is to deny their memory, deny their validity. And Shu Lien – the real one, the one that was listening to the story she didn't remember at all, in fact, knew for a fact was just not true – lowered her head. She looked into her tea and smiled, just a little, hoping that the two men would continue to tell her story. ","Summary":" A Jianghu Fairytale by Kabinett AN: This was written for yuletide, which is a fantastic fandom trad"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"A Prelude To Flight","Author":"aylaa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/473082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Prelude To Flight The morning breeze of the mountains felt cool blowing across my skin. It was rather ironic that it was rather overcast, as if the heavens themselves mourned for Li Mu Bai. It rather matched my moods, the gray tones mirroring what I felt inside. At least these colors were less accusing then the blood red of death, the death I had left in my wake. The man I loved stood beside me, my soul mate in this cruel, false world. He was the only one I could ever love, but still he would never understand. He would not understand the pain and burden of being treated like a doll, trained like a dog, and traded like a commodity. All my life I had wished for freedom above anything. The freedom to walk in the streets among people, instead of being carried in a litter above the crowd. I am not a princess, just the daughter of some upstart governor who thought he was royalty. My mother, his concubines and myself were all his property, to do with as he pleased. I was nine years old when I figured out that I would never have the privilege of free will. Perhaps this was society's vision of the ideal woman, to see how far you can bend her will and keep her trapped before she self-destructs. My will could not bend like that; maybe that is why I ran. Still I must admit that I regret nothing, and given the choice I would take the same path. My Lai Ma, or the Jade Fox as Li Mu Bai had called her, was the only one besides Lo who had ever cared. She had changed my mind, tried to make me love her and follow her bidding. I did, but she was a hollow shell, she could follow rules, boundaries, and limitations, but she could not think outside of the box. This was why a child was able to understand the final technique, and left her master far behind in skill. It was through my Lai Ma that I first was able to feel the cool night wind blowing on my face, the feeling of weariness that came from physical exertion of our training. Without her, I would never have even tasted freedom, much less escape to it. I did love her and she must have loved me as well. Her greatest gift to me was reason to live, without her; I doubt that I would still be alive. Lo and Lai Ma I loved alone, not my father or mother. Lo had loved me, accepting me without hesitation. But I could not make Lo pay for my sins. Li Mu Bai had already paid for trying to help me escape with his blood. I would never be able to look Shu Lien in the eyes, she would not hurt me, but the pain in her eyes was too much for me, who felt no guilt. Lo could find love again, he was still young. I had stolen Shu Lein's happiness, I cannot take the happiness of anyone else. Staring down at the abyss, reminds me of the saying \"a faithful heart makes wishes come true\". I cannot wish for anyone to come back to life. Lai Ma, Li Mu Bai and everyone else was gone. I wish for freedom, above all. The freedom to love Lo, to become a woman who lives and dies by her sword, to slip off without telling anyone or having anyone follow, they are the simple freedoms that my social rank has deprived me of all my life. I could never go back. The governor must take the law into his own hands, and the supposed parental love does not extend beyond the reaches of justice. I would never go back, even if they had welcomed me back with open arms. Looking down again, the world beneath does not seem so harsh. I know better then that. Although I had never been religious, nirvana seems to have somehow crept up upon me, and calmed me for what I about to do. Lo stands by me still patiently waiting. I cannot turn around, less my resolve break. \"Make a wish, Lo\" I whisper, before taking flight. And I am free. AN: I watched this movie with the original Mandarin track, so the names are rather strange to me.. O_o! Yeah I know this has been done to death.. but I never knew there was a Crouching Tiger section on ffnet and I had to get my two cents in! Lai Ma is like a nursemaid in Cantonese, I thought that Jade Fox was not just some simple maid but someone closer like a nursemaid who had the chance to raise Jen ever since she was very young. Yep, I know this story is pretty hollow, but ah, whatever ;) flame/review as you see fit. ","Summary":" A Prelude To Flight The morning breeze of the mountains felt cool blowing across my skin. It was ra"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Crimson Snow","Author":"Quelleadar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1427228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A cool winter breeze drifted in through the grove making the bamboo creaknand moan as though feeling the chill. This piercingly icy feeling began atntheir snow-covered feet and the frigid air now caressed their slender,nlithe bodies as well as the inhabitants of the area. Jen waited patientlynwondering if her master was not trying to train her in combat but rather,nsurvival. Her intricately woven silk dress concealed her sparring apparelnyet offered little to no defence from the decreasing temperature. The girlnthought 'If the cold does not kill me, an observer or one of my father'snspies will surely find me and long questioning shall ensue as to why I wasnwondering in such an obscure area.' When impatience was on the edge of capturing the upper hand of thenaristocratic child she heard the soft sound of feet shovelling their tipsninto the snow-cloaked earth. Expeditiously, Jen drew her sword at the soundnof this distant stir that the untrained would not have been able to hear.nShe could tell by the speed of the step, the ferocity in their stride, thatnthe shadow was trying to remain hidden, yet her training obviously exceededntheirs. Jen held a posture she had been cultivating for many years, throughnJade Fox's tutelage, that would enable her to remain hidden from hernaggressor. She held this stance for a short while until she realised thatnthe shadow was obviously now undertaking greater caution in their footworknto not alert their already aware opponent. The wind made it difficult for Jen to hear anything other than thentree's songs of pain. Jen strained her hearing to try and pick up anynsounds of snow shifting beneath the weight of the, presumed assassin butnshe could focus only on the overpowering sound of the bamboo swaying. Anleaf from one of the branches of the surrounding bamboo slowly fell to thenground as though the tree itself was weeping. It was in this moment, thatnJen let down her guard, but that split second was all that was needed fornthe assailant to dodge the trees with such velocity that it was as thoughnthe adversary had become an ebony mist that showed vague remnants of anperson. When the foe finally came into Jen's range, she threw out the swordnwith such grace, precision and swiftness that even when the opposing shadowndodged to try and evade this attack the sword pierced the black, poorlynsewn shirt of the assailant, yet failed to puncture the flesh. Thisnextraordinary piece of swordsmanship was only matched by the fluentnmanoeuvres executed by the masked aggressor. The crisp sound of steelnslicing the winter air, echoed by the boundless grove, was enough to sendnbirds dwelling in the forest into hasty flight. Jen parried the attacker'snsword movement and followed through with a kick directed at the back of thenknee of the opponent, forcing the joint to bend, supplying a foothold fornthe nimble girl to stand and perform a soaring flip. This was followednthrough by accurately slicing the knot that supported the facemask at thenback of the shadow's head making it descend, occasionally gliding upwardsnonly to be coerced to the ground by the conflicting winds. As Jade Fox's face emerged from behind the now fallen mask Jennsmirked with a sense of surprise and newfound confidence that she hadnexceeded her master. Jade fox soon noticed this, and quickly slashed at thengirl splitting her silk dress' side stitch. This pleased the elderly womannimmensely but she was soon startled to find her student retaliating with anbarrage of spinning overhead sword attacks which she had troublendeflecting. The two exchanged roles quickly as now the master had lockednblades with her student; the strong thrust from Jade Fox sent the girlnstumbling backwards until she had her back pressed against a bamboo tree.nJade Fox maintained a sword position that would enable her to deflect anyntorso attacks from the girl. Jen instantly ran up the tree behind her withnher back facing its body, allowing her feet to slide smoothly across itsncondensation covered surface. Once she had reached a height above JadenFox's head, she launched herself off it. At that exact second Jade Foxnleaped into the air and the two dodged and danced in mid flight. The fightnthat took place upon the wind looked as though it had been rehearsed fornmillennia prior to that moment. Finally, Jade Fox passed through Jen'snmisjudged parry and sliced her breast, which forced a scarlet whirlwind tonburst through the scene of perpetual springtime that was woven into her nownblood tinted silk dress. The two landed, Jen clutching her wound, Jade Foxnsmiling with satisfaction. 'Keep practicing. And the next time you thinknthat a ripped cloth makes you the victor of a battle, I will not stop at anmere flesh wound girl!' The old woman disappeared into the howling breezenfrom whence she came, leaving Jen with only revenge upon her mind and thensound of birds in flight. ","Summary":" A cool winter breeze drifted in through the grove making the bamboo creaknand moan as though feelin"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Visions In The Fog","Author":"Wanderlust","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/312297","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Mourning Moment","Author":"Dreamiflame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1534908","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Mourning Moment Author: Dreamiflame Rating: PG Disclaimer: These characters are not mine, and I'm not making any money off of this. Notes: This was written for the ame_soeur community on livejournal, for the challenge \"This is not the worst moment of my life.\" Unbetaed. This is not the worst moment of her life. The worst moment was when Li Mu Bai breathed his last in her arms. After that, Shu Lien thinks she can handle anything. Or she used to think that. But she never expected Lo, crushed and soaked, standing in her door yard with an ivory comb in his hand. Jen is gone. The words are shocking to think, painful. Shu Lien had hoped that even if Mu Bai was gone, even if his light had been extinguished, Jen's would shine on. But Lo is crouched across the table, his cup clenched tight in dirty hands, his voice rough and raw and sorrowful. Shu Lien sips her tea for the lack of anything else to do, and tries to keep herself together. \"She jumped,\" Lo says again, and stops. There is simply nothing more for him to say, and he stares into the murky liquid in his mug as though hoping for some answers. Shu Lien feels her throat tighten and sets the teacup down carefully. This is not the worst moment of her life, but it's close. There's no thought of Lo going anywhere else tonight, so Shu Lien has a room prepared for him. They sit at the table, tea gone cold and bitter before them, and they stare, not at each other, but into the past. Into safe memories where the people they love are not dead, and it may be raining, but they are not weighed down by the weather. It's dark before Shu Lien can bring herself to move, and she thinks the only reason she manages it is because she can no longer see Lo sitting across the table. \"Are you hungry?\" she asks, though if he feels anything like her, food is the last thing on his mind. \"No.\" The word is soft, and her eyes can faintly make out the movement of his head as he shakes it. \"Not now.\" He reaches across the table for the first time, uncurling from his sorrow, and takes her hand. \"I- She told me, what happened. I should have said before. I'm sorry.\" His hand is rough, but Shu Lien is used to rough hands. Her hands are strong and callused, working hands, hands that can wield a sword or a teapot with equal grace. \"Thank you,\" she tells him, but her voice is hollow, and the words taste wrong. She wants to scream and rage, like she has not done yet, but even when her fiance died, she did not lose her composure. Mourning must be done in silence and in darkness, and Shu Lien is heartily tired of both. She frees her hand gracefully and pulls back. It's her turn to retreat into herself, and the dark is a willing accomplice. Lo snorts, almost a laugh. \"Why thank me for giving you pain?\" he asks, and Shu Lien feels her temper flair. He's right, and she knows it, but protocol demands her peace, so she keeps it. \"Your hands are strong,\" he says, echoing her earlier thoughts. \"Jen's were, too, but soft, as well. She was pampered.\" \"She was a lady.\" \"Yes.\" Silence enfolds them then, broken only by the constant fall of rain on the roof. There are lamps being lit elsewhere, and light shines in a broken shaft across part of the room, dazzling their eyes. Shu Lien grimaces. She does not want the light on her, for her sorrow is too near the surface, raw and fresh. She stands, abandoning her tea on the table. \"Come with me,\" she orders, and strides off, not waiting to see if he will follow. She hears his footsteps behind her, and nods to herself, leading them both to her set of rooms. There is a fire here, lit against the chill of the night, but no other light. It will do. Lo looks only a little surprised when she turns on him, too fast for him to avoid, and the blow strikes him on the cheek sharply, not enough to break, just enough to sting. He rocks back and catches her hand as the second comes, and Shu Lien allows it, stopping in his grasp. They stare at each other by firelight, and in Lo's eyes, Shu Lien can read his understanding. It isn't about them so much as it is about those who are not there. Lo's skin is smooth but hairy, and Shu Lien finds it odd, though not repellent. She thinks her skin must be coarser than Jen's, not as tight, though still firm. \"You're beautiful,\" Lo whispers, and Shu Lien closes her eyes. It is not the worst moment because there is something more to hold onto, but it is not something Shu Lien would have chosen for herself. The rain pours down outside and inside, Lo holds her by the firelight. Jen is gone, and Mu Bai, and only they are left. They are kindred spirits now, and Shu Lien wonders when Lo will return to his mountains. Perhaps he will ask her to go with him. Perhaps she will go. ","Summary":" Title: Mourning Moment Author: Dreamiflame Rating: PG Disclaimer: These characters are not mine, an"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Destiny.....and Death","Author":"Mika Kino","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/593908","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I, Mika Kino, own nothing and nobody, so don't even start. a/n: I just saw Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, (GOD I'M SLOW!) Actually, my best friend said it was a quote \"Mika Movie,\" *Alliteration! Whaddya know?* And I had to agree. I waited till we finally got our home theater installed, so that's why I'm kinda, 'behind the times.' **sobb** Why am I crying again? **skizo alert** Wait, actually, I cried when Jen jumped and Li died, and so I hhhhhhaaaaaaaadddddddd to write about Shu Lien. (Hasn't this been over done?) Neh, maybe this idea happened. (If I thought of it, it had to of been) I don't know 'cause I haven't read any of the CTHD fanficts. (not enough time!) So if someone thought of this before me, I honestly didn't mean for it to happen, okies? Tomboys honor! Short, I know, I don't really care, after all, good things can come in small packages. ^.~ ps: If I shed a tear, lemme know.(doupt I will, but don't rain on my parade)^^ R+R pps: Okay, I make a reference to Buddha, and I don't want to offend anyone, so let me clarify this. A majority of people consider Buddha to be the equivalent of god, and considering this is a period fanfict as the movie was a period film, I feel it was appropriate. To others, I apologize if I sound stupid or by taking up space, there are just some real idiots out here. Destiny........ and Death So now, he was gone. Simplistic, yet I couldn't grasp it. Why would it not it sink in? My heart was still beating for his next breath to come, ........... but it never did. My hands, calloused, red, and bleeding were clasped on his face, as if I was trying to hold his spirit in. His skin, the warmth, the hope I held so close to me for so long, was cold, frigid as the Gobi is dry. I stood up, my knees aching and my mind reeling, no, my mind was burning. The rain water poured all around, and my eyes were squinting, and admist the cries, still, I could see Li Mu Bai's face as clear as any other day we had been together. The screams were ear splitting, painful, and hot water cascaded down my face. I did not realize, the wails were non other than my own, and the waters were my tears. Have you ever imagined being so frightened, bewildered, so angry, in so much despair, that you do not even know your own weeping? Perhaps, that was why I looked up. I wanted relief. Relief was what my poor eyes beheld. Still, piercing the body of the cursed Jade Fox, still was piercing, lay the sword. The Green Destiny. No longer in my eyes was it innocent. No sword appears holy that is splattered with blood, by friend or even by foe, for blood is indistinguishable between villain, man, beast, or all three. For it is truly terrible, until you see your own. .............until you see your own. I slowly advanced, foot in front of foot, allowing the icy touch of the water to seep into my thin slippers. I carefully pulled it out, and examined the beauty of the blade and lo! There was none. Yet Li, he had died of a fate not worthy of him, not beautiful enough for his soul. I sucked in a breath, my stomach not fluttering, not moving anymore. Nor, was I crying. I could weep, for as I flicked the Destiny's point at myself, I felt............. my heart go at ease. Upon many death beds, many questions are heard, and few are perceived of. I only asked myself one question. Had I, Shu Lien, accomplished all I could do? In the quietude of the wet cave, I found my answer. Yes. I did not have to think about that for myself. There was no where left to go for pleasure. Perhaps, it was better this way. As I stared at the sword point, I thought of the children who would read my stories, the smiles on their faces. What surprise they would meet upon the last chapter. I only hope they believe my death to be noble. As every sun must rise, it must set. So is the will of Buddha. When I used the sword, I felt no pain. While it was not what I had expected, it was welcome. My hands broke free, and I felt water lapping at my knees, like and ocean over a seashell who had seen enough days of the land. I sank downward as if I was being unraveled, as if I was being judged while I now lay, dying. I made sure of one thing though, I, like my secret lover, did not save my last breath for a safe journey to the after life. If the road was hard, I would not want him to tread upon it alone. \"I l-loved you....\" \"When the cold of winter comes Starless nights will cover days In the veiling of the sun We shall walk in bitter rain But in dreams, I can hear your name And in dreams, We will be together........ When the seas and mountains fall, And we come to end of days In the dark I hear a call Calling me there I will go there And back again.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I, Mika Kino, own nothing and nobody, so don't even start. a/n: I just saw Crouching Ti"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Plot Hole","Author":"Gelatinus Snake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/749657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Everything in this story is the property of someone else.) The world was chill white mist. With the wafting leisure and the pale grace of a cherry petal, Jen drifted.nBeneath her the mountain's slope angled away. Behind her, her love waited.nThe white breath of the air itself toyed with the light fabric of hernclothing and her heavy black hair, and Jen realized that she herself wasnwaiting. But for what? A landing? A sign from the kami? A miracle? \"Wait a minute,\" she thought to herself. \"I don't need to wait for angoddamn thing. I can FLY.\" And fly she did, all the way to Cancun, where she found work as anbartender, and from where she sent part of her pay to Lo until he couldnafford a ticket out, which eventually he did. They both became brown andnpink-cheeked and learned to love rum drinks and lived happily ever after,neven when Jen got splinters from her coconut-shell bikini. Hurrah! (All true. I swear.) ","Summary":" (Everything in this story is the property of someone else.) The world was chill white mist. With th"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Blurred Vision","Author":"Quistis Trepe1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1660626","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHAPTER 1: ALONE AGAIN The local arena, it was a place May grew up in, it was a place she feltnsafe and secure, but she rarely ever felt like that, anymore. Her fathernused to bring her to the arena all the time, her mother would've broughtnher, but the arena was no place for a woman, which was why her father usednto dress her up as a little boy. Even now she wore her thin; soft blacknhair in a tight bun which she hid under a neat monk's hat, one whichnwouldn't look odd on an adolescent boy. She entered the Shaan Local Arenanand once the expected looks from the old imbibers, fighting teachers andnarena warriors subsided (some quicker than others), she'd sit down and waitnto be challenged. There was something about her that made her a primentarget for rising new arena stars, or experienced arena fighters lookingnfor a warm up, or practicing their skills with a newly acquired weapon.nMaybe it was her small, slender frame which gave the impression that she'dnbe an easy fight, or maybe it was her brooding silence that threatenednpeople. But whatever it was, she was barely ever in the arena for more thanna half an hour before she got challenged to a duel. The Shaan arena was pretty small, it wasn't the biggest she'd seen (but notnthe smallest either). The actual arena was in a circular shape and was wellnmaintained, it was blessed every morning and the gravel and sand floor wasnraked and levelled every night, before the arena closed. The actualnbuilding was a towering, dark wooden structure and didn't look verynwelcoming from far away. The actual arena floor where battles were foughtnwas slightly raised and scattered around it were wooden tables and chairsnwere old men would sit and drink sour ale and smoke their clay pipes whilencheering raucously at the ongoing battles within the circular arena ring.nAt the very back of the room were trays and troughs of weapons bought bynthe arena master. Sometimes people would come in and practise or duel withnthese weapons (but May thought they weren't very good, they were made ofncheap material), however most of the time people would bring their ownnweapons. The room smelled heavily of smoke and ale, pretty much like a busynbar, but to May it was a welcoming, familiar smell. May took her usual, creaky wicker and wooden chair on the right side of thenarena. She would keep her head down in a baleful fashion but still fix hernunblinking hazel eyes on the arena ring. Sometimes this awkward positionnwould hurt her neck a bit, but she figured the tougher she looked, the morenlikely she was to be challenged. The arena was very much like a stage in antheatre, a good fighter could become a local celebrity, respected by mennand adored by women. The more challengers a fighter fought and defeated thenmore his popularity would increase. Most of these fighter celebrities lostnpopularity as they grew older, or when they began to lose their fights.nHowever the lucky celebrity could manage to become a local Baron's highnbodyguard or knight, and then they'd ascend up the social ranks and seem tondisappear from public, only whenever a particular event which would attractnaristocratic attention should occur, would they reappear, they would looknfatter and less sharp. At the moment two young men occupied it. They weren't fighting; they werenboth separately practising with their own weapons. One man was justnrecently past boyhood; he was smallish, had a muscular build and had dark,nswarthy skin. He had a crude moustache and scrubby clothing; he trainednwith a long, hefty pike. It was worn and scratched so May guessed it was annarena-owned weapon. The other fighter was taller but didn't have asnmuscular a build as the smaller guy. He was older as well and paler, he wasnbald and had a strange tattoo on his neck which marked him as the member ofnan order or special sect. He fought in a more amateurish fashion with anpair of nun-chaku. He didn't have a lot of skill and kept flopping themnaround and once he accidentally sent them skittering across the floor. Hisnface reddened but he simply kept his face to the floor, ignored the jeersnof the old men in the corner of the room, and picked up his fallen weapon.nHe resumed training. A dozen or so fighters, the other arena patrons, sat in a group and talkednabout by-gone fights and other adventures they shared in the past. Thenusual drinkers stayed in their smoky corner and the tiny serving boy with anbald head and single pony-tail kept disappearing behind the small oak doornat the back of the vast room, and reappearing with a tray of ale. To benhonest it was pretty quiet today. May hated that, she hated the quiet. Shenhated waiting and not having anything to do.because when this happened, hernthoughts drifted towards the memories of her dead parents. She shivered andntried hard to think of something else, she started to doubt whether she'dneven get a fight today. Then she heard a loud, deliberately interruptingncough. She looked up, and she looked into the eyes of a relatively wellnknown fighter known as Jin Ting Zhang.nHis narrowing cold, watery blue eyes and the way his lip was twitching, henwas looking for a way to ask May if she wanted to duel. May knew what henwanted; her eyes widened with recognition, but she wanted to wait to letnhim ask.n\"I propose a duel,\" Ting Zhang said gruffly.nMay nodded, and slowly rose to her feet. She faked a little nervous shake,nshe guessed the more vulnerable or weak she looked, the more she'd benunderestimated, and so her opponent would be more unprepared for hernattacks. She stepped into the ring and did the ritual blessing for luck andnbrotherly (or in her case, sisterly) friendship. She heard the old mennwhispering hoarsely in the corner as the other two men, who were in thenring previously, left and took a seat and a sip of ale at the side of thenring. But now she had to block all that out, she wanted to fight. This wasnwhat she loved, it was when she could let go of all the pain in her lifenand just.BE ALIVE, and there was no time to think about anything else, justnthe fight.n\"Weapons?\" she asked and made her voice seem manlier (but it didn'tnreally). She was clarifying whether the fight was hand to hand combat or ifnweapons were to be involved.n\"Yes,\" Ting Zhang nodded, and he slid a long, thin blade from a silvernsheath hanging idly by his belt. It was a Malaysian sword fashioned innNorthern Style with a slight curve in it to give it a superior slashing andnripping power. May realised this and prepared for this kind of tacticalnattack. Then she blocked out the rest of the arena, so all she could seenwas the ring and her opponent, the muscular Jin Ting Zhang, who flashed herna toothy grin.nShe, without taking her eyes off her opponent, pulled two plain, twinndaggers from her boots and held them in her fighting stance, a positionnwhich could easily become defensive or offensive in the passing of a singlensecond. The pretty little girl who rang the bell which signified the start of anfight (she was the only girl who was really allowed in the arena, and thatnwas just because she was the arena-master's daughter) came out of the roomnat the back of the arena, and tugged on the worn rope which in turn rangnthe bell. The high-pitched peal ran out over the whole arena, and they werenready to begin. There were a few seconds of electric tension and then TingnZhang, with his silvery sword out held, came swinging towards May. ","Summary":" CHAPTER 1: ALONE AGAIN The local arena, it was a place May grew up in, it was a place she feltnsafe"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Desert Dragon","Author":"StoneLion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/846863","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Desert Dragon\" Disclaimer: I do not own Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Please do not sue me. I am the desert dragon. I once reigned over endless hearts and lives from the top of the greenest mountain. My life as the imperial dragon gained less meaning as I gained more knowledge and realized the extent of my responsibility for my actions. I once listened drunkenly to the hum of a metal laden fox, a demon with more poison in her veins than blood. Others tried to speak to me, but the hypnotic hum of metal overwhelmed even the exquisite ears of the dragon queen. I pushed my lover, my sister, my mentor, all who cared for me, further from the mountain, closer to the clouds. One day, the clouds came down the mountain and mingled with the trees. I spoke to my lover with sorrow as piercing as the quietest cry from the nightingale, and blindly I jumped into the clouds. Legends said I would fall forever, but even legends die, and eventually, I reached the ground. I came to rest on an endless stretch of orange dirt. I remember staring blankly up at the deeply blue cloudless sky, feeling the intensity with which the sun burnt my skin. I remember the way loose pieces of the cracked dirt felt in my hands as they clenched and unclenched around it. I am now little more than bones that have not been buried. I am the desert dragon. ~End ","Summary":" \"Desert Dragon\" Disclaimer: I do not own Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Please do not sue me. I "},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"An End to It All","Author":"Dahnahn Nuorwvahn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1952700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There I stood on a bridge atop the falls looking down upon the mist, which rises, clouding my view of what is below my feet. I seek to find the center of my being, the peace I so long for, but it isn't there. So much has happened in so little time. Now, I approach the end of this madness. Life seems to slow as I step upon the bridge. I see my family as they were before the attack, all smiles and giggles. Nothing could ever slow the children down, I think back with a slight grin. Suddenly, memory of what happened resurfaces. The whole reason I am here. I see the bandits come, yelling their demands and laughing cruelly. It was as if they were in on some joke that no one else seemed to share. Of course, they probably were. Those of my people who complied with their demands readily breathed sighs of relief, believing they were safe from further harm. Maybe they would have been, if only.... No, I must not think of that, but what else can I do? The sight comes to my eyes and fills my mind. I see again my love, my Li Chu, run from behind to attack the nearest bandit. He kills one with a knife to the back, but the man screams with his last breath. My darling is discovered. I remember screaming to him to run, being held back, stopped, from joining him. He stood his ground and killed another one and wounded one other before they finally killed him. My heart crumbled. I stood there watching as they mutilated his body. Then one of the leaders yelled that due to his obvious disregard of their authority, all of us would be punished. We were rounded up into the village market. There they began the torture. First, they killed the children. Never again would a smile cross each face, only fear and terror reside there now. They took the old next, cutting the throats of each as they begged for mercy. Slowly though from each, the life flowed from them. No more stories of old days and ways. Next, it was our turn. There were only four of us left. They looked each of us over. Mi Yang was taken and killed almost instantly. Their intentions became clear. They were going to use us or sell us. I didn't care, though. Nothing was left to me. Without my Li, life meant nothing. But the gods were with those of us left. Imperial soldiers came over the ridge. As soon as they saw the emperor's flag, the bandits bolted with what goods they could, leaving the three of us there to fend for ourselves. The soldiers followed the bandits, except for a small contingent that guarded us. Nothing came from the chase. The troops left us to do as we chose soon after finding us not worth the effort of helping. The two others with me decided to find refuge with family in the nearby village. I decided to find revenge. Inside, I knew nothing would return my love to me, but I was beyond listening to anyone. I didn't care anymore. I traveled for the course of two days to find those who had taken my life from me. When I finally caught up with the bandits, I killed every last one of them. Nothing changed though. My family, my love, all of them were still lost to me. Then I remembered a tale told of old of a man who made a leap to save his family. I was determined to make that leap, even if I was lost to the world. At least my family would no longer be gone. So here I am now, standing upon the bridge and looking upon my future. I clear my mind and close my eyes with only thoughts of my family, my Li in mind. And I fall. When I open my eyes, I find peace. ","Summary":" There I stood on a bridge atop the falls looking down upon the mist, which rises, clouding my view "},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Yellow Ribbon","Author":"shouryuujo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4386145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yellow Ribbon Yellow Ribbon By: shouryuujo Disclaimer: I do not own this story or its characters. They respectfully belong to Wang Du Lu. A/N: This is my take on Li Mu Bai and Yu Xui Lian's first meeting in the manga/comic. Just to let you know this scene is from the first book of the manga/comic. For those of you who have read the manga/comic, you probably know where this had come from. If you haven't read the manga/comic buy it if you wish or find it online, which ever you like. Thick smoke coming from burning incense rose quietly to the clear morning skies. Prayers from the locals, travelers, visitors alike lifted with the smoke, as it ascended to the heavens. It was said that the incense would carry the prayers to deities and gods from above. Amongst them was of a sixteen year old named Yu Xiu Lian. Xiu Lian made a short trip to the city's temple while on an errand for her father. Her mind was troubled when she had witness her father's weakening strength during a battle against a band of his old enemies. Normally he would have been able to fend off the attackers within few stances, but after more than twenty stances he was not able to gain the upper hand. Luckily Xiu Lian was able to convince her mother to come along with them. With the twists of her 'twin dao', plus youth she was able to greatly injure two out of the four attackers in a number of seconds. This occurrence started to worry Xiu Lian greatly, which was why she went to the temple to ask the heavens to grant her father good health in the future. In finishing her request Xiu Lian respectfully put her palms together, bowing three times to the statue of Buddha. She stood up from her mat and turned towards the wide opening of the temple, leading back to the reality of the world outside the sanctuary. Xiu Lian descended the long set of stairs, towards the below carriage; waiting patiently for her. \"Hurry up! She's going to leave soon,\" the urgent voice exclaimed, belonging to a man dressed in green that was few steps below her, the companion next to him replied with a quickening of his pace. Xiu Lian thought the man who had spoke was referring to one of the many girls in the temple. However due to her womanly instincts mixed with a bit of curiosity caused her head to turn a little towards them. She just wanted to take a minute glance at the men before continuing down. Her brown eyes met with another set of eyes. \"That's her!\" The man in green refered to her with a smile. FYI: Yu Xiu Lian(actual pin-yin from the novel)/Yu Shu Lien (movie spelling) I will stick to using the pin-in version of her name in this story. Shi-Friend of Li Mu Bai, guy in green Questions, comments, ect. please submit in the reviews. Thank you for reading! Be on the look out for chapter 2, coming soon! Chapter 2: Li Mu Bai and Yu Xiu Lian battle for the first time... ","Summary":" Yellow Ribbon Yellow Ribbon By: shouryuujo Disclaimer: I do not own this story or its characters. T"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"A Different Kind of Destiny","Author":"STRAX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1182668","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own none of the characters. I don't own the idea. I don'tneven own the damn movie!! Imagine Li Mu Bai didn't die and Jen didn't jump. Imagine it's back to thenscene where Li Mu Bai confronts Jen near the waterfall and he just defeatednher in the three moves that stripped Jen of the Green Destiny. Jen stared with disbelief at the sword. In a little less than threenseconds she had been stripped of the only power she could hold onto.nDesperately thinking of a way to get it back she gasped out, \"That wasn'tnwhat I-\" \"Bow to your teacher!\" \"Never!\" spat Jen. No one will control me! Stubborn little girl. Li Mu Bai mentally shook his head. This wild one willnneed much training. \"In that case, you don't need this!\" An ultimatum. Jump and save the sword or stay and save her life. Jen didn'tnneed to think twice. The sword was all she had left. Without it, she wasnnothing. She lunged after it, not thinking of the consequences, not caring,neven. Li Mu Bai was stunned. He had been sure she wouldn't have the courage to gonafter it. After all, it was practically suicide to dive headfirst into anwaterfall, the tides crushing you down. The sheer desperateness on thengirl's mind was astounding. Did she really need that sword that much? Jen plunged into the icy water, seeing her prize so close, yet not quitenable to move her limbs. She plowed her arms through the water, trying tonget close enough to snag the sword. It dropped deeper towards the rocks-ncovered bottom. Jen's lungs were burning, her eyes stung with the coldnwater. Still, she frantically moved her arms and legs in desperate tandem.nShe knew she didn't have a lot of time before she was out of air and shenwas exhausted, the force of the falls beating her down, but not close tonthe sword. Her vision darkened and flashed, a sure sign that she was nearnthe end of her strength. With one more kick, she finally reached the swordnand wrapped a small hand around it. And passed out. Li Mu Bai had flown (AN: I have no idea how to describe the cool floatynthingies that they all seem to do. Do they fly? Do they levitate? I justndon't know the right word for it) down as soon as he saw Jen hit the water.n It was an unbelievably dangerous and incredibly crazy stunt that she hadnpulled and, even with all the skill she beheld, she would not survive it.nAnd he would be damned if he was the one to let her die. Li Mu Bai dug his foot into the rock and launched himself off the ledge henwas standing on. Jen's still body was floating at the calmer part of thenfalls now and he simply skimmed across the surface of the water and liftednJen up around her waist. He landed at the shore and gently lay her down onnthe grass-strewn dirt. Her skin was cold to the touch and milky pale. Hernclothes were completely soaked and clung to her still body. The onlynindication Li Mu Bai had of her life was the faint rise and fall of hernchest. He noted that she clung to the hilt of the Green Destiny like a life-nline, with an iron grip, unable to let it go even when drifting innunconsciousness. Li Mu Bai propped her up, leaning her upper body forward. He tenderlynbrushed her bangs aside and sat behind her. Gathering concentration andnclearing his mind, he lay his calloused hands on her back, exerting theninner power he had in reserve into her body. Jen was still for some moments, causing a trickle of worry to enter Li MunBai's mind in his meditative state. Then, she sputtered the water out, justnas Li Mu Bai had intended. He lay her back down and gently shook hernshoulders, hoping she would wake. Jen's eyes remained closed. Li Mu Bainremoved his outer layer, a warm white cloak, and wrapped her up. What she need now was warmth, food, and guidance, Li Mu Bai thought. Innthat order. Her weight in his arms was slight, causing absolutely nonhindrance for him. He would take this wild creature and teach her the lifenthat she craved, without losing her self in the process. He would guidenher. With that goal set in his mind, Li Mu Bai took that Green Destiny fromnJen's now loose grip. He was determined to have her strong, without thensword. But first, he needed to bring her somewhere safe, somewhere wherenshe would not have the need to run or hide or worry about marriage. A placento be free... Li Mu Bai began his way to Wudan Mountain. At least, he thought, she cannsee her love. That much I can give her. What do you think? I'm not really sure if I should continue this but Inalways thought there was a lot of chemistry between Li Mu Bai and Jen.sonhere's my version of what should have happened. Please review or, betternyet, EMAIL ME!! I love that. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own none of the characters. I don't own the idea. I don'tneven own the damn movie!! I"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"The Two MAsked Figures","Author":"geohicks4391","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1907351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The to masked figures crouched down in the tall but the mammoth bamboontrees. There was a small crowd around a young frail kid on the streetntrying to sell his Chinese puppets, So both knew this was not the place tonstart a supposed fight. The two figures levitated lowly in the bamboo overna river. The two figures said in a low muffled voice. That they had tonfight to bring the honor to one of there families, the strong figures werennow recognized as zzasd yong. The Son of the most high and powerful youngndynasty.nThe second was identified as the Most underground street fighter ling lounwho did not come from a family as young did. The two really were notntotally clear n why and where they were going to fight. Maybe it wasnbecause lou looked at young in an un respectful wasy. Or it could be thatnyoung said and cursed the name of lou. The Chinese took honor to a wholennew level that is for a totally different story. Both Of these young people you could say were trained to fight to thenlast blow by the greatest master in all of china who was considered morenimportant than any other family or royal dynasty in china. This man can notnme named. Why you may ask it is because this man has no name. but this isnalso a different story. Lou and young were now in place and ready for thisnpoint of honor! They began to pull out their shen yen swords a single blow to anynpart of the body could decapitate it clean with no blood. Lou had used itnfor this person to clear out most of the lou family and other people whonhad treated her like a Dog. In the other case yong had received it as anmere sitting toy that was placed on a stand on his massive room wall. Butnall that would change today. lou gave the first blow followed by yong whonstooped it barely from loosing his neck. He then followed up levitating andnthrowing a blow to lou. Lou said in native tounge \"HahHAHa what a Joke\"nyong got his robe tethered. When this happened he thought to himself whatnhave I gotten my self in to? But yong remembered one thing that he hadnthat Lou did not. His ancestors they went back thousands of years. Howevernlou was a disgrace for killing her own family so the ancestors had no pittynfor lou. Yong suddenly got this power that is unexplainable. He fought fornan hour straight And finally decapitated the two arms and legs of this creature ornshould I say person. When he took the mask that was on lou he fell to hisnknees what he saw put him in awe and mourning to find out it was............. Will have more in another chapter only if I get reviews asking for more ","Summary":" The to masked figures crouched down in the tall but the mammoth bamboontrees. There was a small cro"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Make A Wish","Author":"Shinomori Kibou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/628761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Make A Wish By Misa-chan 1 \"Make a wish…\" Hearing his reply, I smiled and flew off the bridge, plunging into then faint wisps of clouds. It felt wonderful, flying through the infinite softn haze and light mist. Keeping my eyes open, I searched for the end of my flight…but I found none.n Like an endless road full of decisions, waiting to be made. I don't know.n Maybe jumping off the bridge was another terrible idea; maybe I made then wrong decision. But it wouldn't matter now. It's too late to turn back. Toon late to save all the lives. When I saw Shu Lien holding Li Mu Bai, I knew I was too late. It was toon late. My knees grew weak and I knelt on the ground, the antidote slippingn through my fingers like liquid. Life was just like liquid. It could slipn through your grasp without a person's knowing and rise into the sky. I closed my eyes and smiled serenely for the first time. It wasn't justn another mask to hide who I really was. A true smile of serenity. I knewn this wasn't the end. In a new life, I would make anew. I would find then true meaning of my existence. This life that had passed me by so quickly was one of sorrow and wrongn twists and turns. I was wrong to kill so many. I was wrong to listen ton Jade Fox. So many wrongs, too many pains that were caused by me. But soon,n I'll just start all over. And maybe this time, I'll get it right. And if In don't…I'll try and try again. Feeling the wind beating against my face, I understood. I don't know what In understood. I just suddenly knew. I just knew. Falling through the clouds, I made my way to a new path. To a new life. Ton a new journey where everything doesn't pale and disappear. And then I heard the wind whisper to me one last time… \"…Make a wish…\" And I finally knew what I wanted. ","Summary":" Make A Wish By Misa-chan 1 \"Make a wish…\" Hearing his reply, I smiled and flew off the bridge, pl"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Dragon Girl, Fly","Author":"Ivan Mayne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/408409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DRAGON GIRL, FLY (To the tune of \"American Pie\" by Don McLean) A long long time ago, It was in China when people fought with style. One girl left nothing to chance And fought as though she was in a dance. And then she had this really luminous smile... But in such times people fought their own fate As well as each other by the blade. Tradition sat on the doorstep It watched all of your steps. I can't say if Li Mu Bai cried when he Knew that youth had passed him by Something touched him deep inside When he saw Jen in flight... So Fly fly, go dragon girl fly, Trash the masses on their asses, But Love takes by surprise, And you may not be prepared for sacrifice If confronted with \"What if you die?\" Confronted with \"What if you die?\" You had in forbidden love Learnt to disrespect the 'up above' Your evil governess told you so. And did you believe in takin' a roll When you met this guy called Lo After a long desert trek so slow. Oh when you fell in love with him, You made out when the stars grew dim In love you were good as fools Man, you didn't play by the rules. You were a rowdy teenage warrior gal And if they'd think twice you'd give them hell, But you knew your heart had said farewell When you saw Li Mu Bai... And we were singing Fly fly, go dragon girl fly, Trash the masses on their asses, But Love takes by surprise, And you may not be prepared for sacrifice If confronted with \"What if you die?\" Confronted with \"What if you die?\" Now for a few years You've been on your own And all should be fine at home But that's not how it's supposed to be, And when they came with something green The likes which you've never seen, A weapon forbidden to you and me. But you flew like a thistledown, Took the sword when no one's around Yu came and then you fought You gave not a single thought. You later got into that duel Cos you thought Yu and Li were cruel Oh but really if you only knew And if understand you tried... And we were singing Fly fly, go dragon girl fly, Trash the masses on their asses, But Love takes by surprise, And you may not be prepared for sacrifice If confronted with \"What if you die?\" Confronted with \"What if you die?\" Flew and skimmed and glided through bamboo You and Li and the Green sword too, When he wanted to see your heart true You fumed and spat on the branch above For you thought he knew not of true love. And then down the waterfalls your sword fell. Now through the air was heard a slice, Cold steel was the glance in your eyes. You gathered up all your resolve After the sword was the only course! Cause even though you wouldn't yield, He thought you unfit for the sword to wield. Do you recall how his fate was sealed? Oh yes, Li Mu Bai died... And we were singing Fly fly, go dragon girl fly, Trash the masses on their asses, But Love takes by surprise, And you may not be prepared for sacrifice If confronted with \"What if you die?\" Confronted with \"What if you die?\" Then you woke up in the middle of a plan, Right down there in Jade Fox's den. In real big trouble once again... So though you were nimble, you were quick, With your family you refused to stick, Your evil mentor was your only friend. Oh and you didn't know what you should Cos Jade Fox doped you up real good. Li you were to seduce. That anyone could deduce. And while you stood there consumed in lust Li healed you and did what he must Jade Fox shot him some nasty darts That was the day he died... And we were singing Fly fly, go dragon girl fly, Trash the masses on their asses, But Love takes by surprise, And you may not be prepared for sacrifice If confronted with \"What if you die?\" Confronted with \"What if you die?\" It was too late for the antidote, But Yu wanted you to take note Always to yourself be true. She had now set you up for Lo, With whom she thought you still would go, But you knew that you simply could not stay. And at the waterfall your thoughts ran, Lo wanted you with him on the sands, But right after he did speak. You fell away in a streak. For the man that you really loved most, Was already drifting like a ghost, You realized you loved Li the most, And wish he wouldn't die... And we were singing Fall but soar above your fears, Lo I say, remember for Jen Please don't shed any tears, For she's learnt to for love sacrifice She doesn't care now even if she dies... Doesn't care now even if she dies... And we were singing Fall but soar above your fears, Lo I say, remember for Jen Please don't shed any tears, For she's learnt to for love sacrifice She doesn't care now even if she dies! ","Summary":" DRAGON GIRL, FLY (To the tune of \"American Pie\" by Don McLean) A long long time ago, It was in Ch"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Predictable","Author":"Momosportif","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4312919","Passage":"[Chapter 1] IMPORTANT WARNING: Please do not read this if you think crack fiction of any kind for this story would be offensive to you. I don't mean it to be offensive, and personally do not find it so, but if the parameters of your vision for the story and characters exclude historical inaccuracies and circumstances that would never occur in the story's true setting, please do not torture yourself with my story! Thank you for looking and sorry if this is not what you were looking for! :D For those you wish to brave a Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon crack fic, please enjoy! ;D Predictable The damp morning air was speckled with tiny drops of mist, visible in remarkable relief due to the pale cusp of yellow struggling to climb the eastern sky. A good morning for laundry. Li Mu-Bai gazed serenely out into the vapor dusted mountains, readjusting his laundry basket as he halted before the taut and reaching clothes lines twining between two far-spaced scraggly trees on the edge of an outcrop of soil and rock. He inhaled peacefully before sharply tugging the elbows of his sleeves to liberate his hands and facilitate the efficiency of his task. \"Ah,\" he sighed as he bent over to lift a pale white sheet, heavy with moisture, and clipped the corners with clothespins. A very good morning for laundry. The warrior-made-handyman continued his precise and slow paced work as dewdrops echoed in the valleys and white winged avions rose with the sun into a pinkish dawn. At the very last possible second, he flicked his wrist and caught the kitchen knife that had been soaring through space towards his back, calm as ever, before dropping the blade and releasing the ends of the clothespin securing a washcloth. He turned towards the direction of the attack, depositing the anticipatory clothespins in his hands within a pocket of the \"chore apron\" (equipped with household items and ample storage space) to prepare for a second onslaught. Yu Shu-Lien appeared in the doorway of their minute cottage home, several meters away from the outcrop he was standing on. A heavy leaden soup pot was in one trembling hand, another kitchen knife in the other. Her face was pale and her mouth was set in a tight-lipped frown. If these signs were not enough to indicate that Yu was livid, the deadly cold look in her eyes would clue anyone in. Li waited patiently. She shot across their front yard, swinging the soup pot up and the knife around her back, spinning as she reached him and sliding a foot between his in a motion that would knock his feet out of under him if completed. He allowed himself a millisecond to note how beautiful she looked with her hair down before bracing one hand on each of her wrists and forcing her arms in the opposite direction of their current swing while sliding his nearly captured leg back and around, reversing the move, forcing Yu to face away from him and fall forward. She slid into the splits, gaining control of her arms again and swinging them backwards towards the outside of his knees. As he lowered his fists to block her wrists and curtail her attack, she pulled her back leg underneath her, turning in a kneeled position and sliding through his legs, pulling her arms away from him at the last possible moment and holding them behind her as she came out behind him. He crossed his left leg behind himself to step on the wrist with a kitchen knife, a move that allowed him to turn with little effort and slip the knife out of her grasp, throwing it into one of the nearby trees. There were very few situations in which his wife would strike before speaking and it was anyone's guess which one this happened to be. Yu took advantage of his attention shift to the knife to free her hand and grab the sleeve on his blind side and make another swing with the soup pot. Li glanced backwards and hit the ground, feeling the swish of the pot uncomfortably close to his head. To avoid following his movement further towards the earth, she released his sleeve and twisted her hips towards him, standing and grabbing both handles of the pot, swinging it back as he too began to rise. He ducked the first swing and turned towards her, making an attempt to land a hit but realizing he'd lost too much time in turning as the round end of the pot was already rushing back towards his head. They moved simultaneously between two clotheslines, Yu taking a swing and Li dodging with every step they took. He risked a half second's time to realize one of the anchor trees was now directly behind him. He turned his entire body like a screw, ducking beneath a sheet just as the pot hit the dirt where he'd been with such a force that it buried itself half an inch in. She dropped the pot to save time and swished a leg beneath the sheet, leaning to the side as she did so to slip beneath it. As she appeared, he cut back diagonally, moving away and into the adjacent row of laundry lines between the sheet and a shirt. She followed, twisting and crouching while thrusting a poised foot at his shins. Li cleared the kick with a slight jump and again cut back diagonally to the row he'd just left, crossing between the shirt and a pillowcase. They continued to weave between the laundry until she skidded to a halt and seized a wet sheet from the half full laundry basket, using it like a whip by lashing it out and around his ankle. Before she could pull her arm back and topple him, he jerked his heel back, pulling her under the towel between them. She quickly planted her feet and tugged the sheet upward, her one mistake. As soon as her arms were level with her shoulders, he pulled two clothespins from his apron and clipped their sleeves together, pulling back and effectively trapping her arms. She slipped the pins off and again hooked her leg back in an attempt to trip him but all was in vain. He grabbed each one of her hands in one of his the instant they were free and slid the jeopardized leg out and around her own, bringing his foot down on her loose one. He slid one arm around her waist and the other up to her shoulders halting her struggles. They breathed heavily for a moment before Li kissed her forehead and started the sentence he knew was coming, \"You…\" She nodded, still glaring, in fact, glaring (if possible) more intensely. She took a pause from her panting to swallow and nod exasperatedly, saying venomously, \"You…\" A slight breeze brushed the pair in the now sunlit morning with a pale peach sun now struggling to burn through the clouds of mist left from the rosy dawn. He waited calmly for her to gain enough breath to finish her condemnation. She swallowed again and stomped her trapped slippered foot on the ground in vexation before scowling up at him and saying, \"You left the seat up, again!\" ","Summary":" IMPORTANT WARNING: Please do not read this if you think crack fiction of any kind for this story wo"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Sacrifice","Author":"Caro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/418394","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Serenity","Author":"sergeant-bullshit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10503995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shu Lien strode into the Inn, it was the only one that the small town had to offer. Her travels with Mu Bai had taken her to a small, and quiet village. The trail that they were following to track down Jen had taken them to many remote places in China, but this one had been Shu Lien's favorite. She smiled to herself, running her hand along the white, plastered walls of the Inn. She was exhausted, so finding a place to rest that was nearby had been a Godsend. The Inn was covered with bamboo plants in pots that were scattered around the establishment. There was a man watching her with curiosity as she examined the Inn. She felt his eyes on her and her gaze locked on his for a moment; she knew that the Innkeeper must thought it strange to see a woman apparently traveling on her own. Such things weren't likely during these times. Mu Bai was out trying to find more information on Jen's whereabouts, so Shu Lien was left to find a place to spend the night on her own. Shu Lien placed a smile on her face, hoping that the Innkeeper wouldn't turn her away. \"Hello, sir.\" She greeted with a bow of her head. \"I wanted to request a room for the night.\" \"By yourself?\" The Innkeeper replied gruffly. Shu Lien averted her eyes from the man. Her mind raced for an excuse to give the Innkeeper so he didn't suspect why she was really here. She technically wasn't traveling alone, Mu Bai was her companion for this journey. \"No, sir. I'm traveling with my-\" Her words froze. What would she call him? Her friend? Or lie and say her husband? An unmarried man and woman traveling together would also strike the Innkeeper as odd and stir suspicion. \"With my husband…\" Her face burned red as she finished her sentence. The thought of Mu Bai being her husband made her heart speed up. \"Very well.\" The Innkeeper led her up the stairs. She noted the creaking wood steps under her feet. They walked the rest of the way in silence. They reached the room she would be staying in and she let herself in. The room was bare with the same plastered walls and bamboo plants. She closed the door and walked over to the window and peered outside. People were busy in the streets as the high sun bore down on them. Shu Lien stuck her head back in and sat on the low bed and waited patiently for Mu Bai to return with any news. About an hour later Shu Lien could hear the wood floorboards creaking outside. Her attention immediately went toward the door. Her breath caught with anticipation, but Mu Bai didn't enter; the prolonged footsteps passed her room. She sighed in disappointment, then drew her attention back to the wall. She scolded herself for being so eager to see him; she wasn't a young girl waiting to be wed, she was a warrior on a mission. Their feelings had to remain at bay, but at times she really wish that they could be acted upon. A warrior's life could get lonely at times, and even with Mu Bai's friendship, she still felt a void in her heart as the years went on. She could usually overcome her childish emotions, but the feeling was getting more and more frequent. Sir Te had insisted that they confess to each other, and since he'd brought it up she couldn't stop thinking about it. Shu Lien decided to meditate as she waited for Wudang swordsman. Clearing her mind could help her trace Jen's trail so they could track her down faster. She waited for an immeasurable amount of time until the sun set from outside. She remained sitting, and relaxed with her legs crossed and her lands resting on her knees. Finally the floorboards started to creak again, and Mu Bai emerged from the door. Shu Lien's eyes opened slowly. Her state of mind was so calm that she almost didn't hear him enter. He acknowledged her with his stern eyes, then closed the door softly behind him. She could read from his expression that he hadn't had any luck. \"Any leads?\" Shu Lien asked, anyway. \"None.\" Mu Bai answered, studied her a moment as she continued to meditate. \"The Innkeeper told me my wife was waiting for me.\" He added. Shu Lien's eyelids shot open. She had forgotten that she lied to the Innkeeper and told him they were a married couple. She tried to swiftly come up with an excuse, but she was far too flustered to be poise. \"I didn't think he'd allow us to stay here if he knew we weren't married.\" She quickly replied, her face growing hot. To her surprise, Mu Bai laughed. He had always been a serious man that rarely smiled, especially in pressing situations such as finding the Green Destiny, and possibly his master's murderer. His lighthearted laugh made her chuckle. He kneeled in front of her, and gently placed his hand on her face. He cupped her face and caressed her chin with his thumb. Her hand came to join his; her fingers encircling his own. They remained in that position for a moment, before Mu Bai finally broke his gaze. \"Goodnight, Yu Shu Lien.\" His voice came out in a whisper. A small smile spread on her face, her stomach warm with affection and admiration for this man. She stood up and started to ready the room so they could sleep. They'd have to wake up early to continue to search for Jen before the trial grew cold. But tonight, her thoughts wouldn't be about Jen tonight. \"Goodnight, Li Mu Bai.\" A/N: Just a short story that I've been working on for some time now, I finally got the inspiration to finish it. I adore this movie so much, and I'm excited for the sequel! Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Shu Lien strode into the Inn, it was the only one that the small town had to offer. Her travels wit"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"CLOUDS AND WATER","Author":"Ivan Mayne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2082071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CLOUDS AND WATER A Martial Arts Screenplay By Ivan Mayne Everything is defined by a change of state. EXT. FOREST PATH DAY The setting is 18th Century China. We see as a pair of feet enter the frame. These are battered and scarred feet, tied up with bandages at various points. Slowly it is revealed that these feet are that of an equally tattered and scarred figure. He is a man, around 40-50, tall and ragged, obviously a man who has been through a lot in life, battered by the winds of change and chance. His face, though, is admittedly handsome, and despite the number of scars that are on it and the amount of unshaven beard stubble that lies on it. We see that around his waist he proudly carries a sword, and in one hand he is holding a pipe, which he regularly holds up to his mouth and smokes. The forest path is in the early stages of spring and the flowers are in full bloom. The man puts the pipe to his mouth and takes a long draw on it. Then he looks forward into the distance. He is hesitant to go forth at this point, and we do not know for what reason. A soft wisp of smoke emerges from his mouth. In his eyes there is a faraway look. We see as he twirls his pipe between his fingers with incredible dexterity. Then we hear a voice calling out to him, it is that of a young girl. VOICE Master, wait up for me! The man turns around, and we see that there is a young girl following him. This is a wide-eyed and innocent-looking young girl, she is strangely, for a servant girl, much less torn and tattered looking than her master, who seems to do so willingly. She also carries two swords with her. The man takes another draw on his pipe. MAN Yes, I will do so! Hurry up! He blows some more small curlicues of smoke out of the corner of his mouth. The girl hurries up beside her Master. There is in her look in her arms of utmost concern for her Master. She is his handmaiden. HANDMAIDEN Master, why have you come here? You once said that you would never come here again, Master, is that what you told me, Master? The man just shakes his head as he looks at the maidservant while blowing some more smoke curls from his mouth in his almost nonchalant fashion, his eyes turn towards the sky. MAN Shhh...there is a person who has prepared for our arrival for very long. He is a friend who I haven't seen in many years. HANDMAIDEN A friend? MAN A friend. EXT. MANSION DAY We see this is an elegant country mansion, most likely some sort of retreat for its occupant, and we see that this occupant is a stately, dignified man, almost a complete opposite from the man that we saw before at the beginning of this tale. Like the man we saw at the beginning, this man is also approaching 40-50 years of age. But like the man we saw just now, it is also evident that this fellow has some skill in the martial arts, as evidenced by the bejeweled and highly expensive-looking sword that is around his waist. He takes out his sword and starts practising with it a few moves, it is obvious that this is a skilled man, his moves elegant, clean and inspiring as the figure that he cuts. Then he sheathes his sword. We see as his stable groom readies a horse for him to ride on. GROOM Master, your horse is ready. ELEGANT MAN Very good, you prepare another horse for my squire here, we are off to meet a special guest. Nearby the squire, a young man, stands. SQUIRE Master, who is this guest? I haven't heard of guests in this place for very long. ELEGANT MAN He is a friend, a very old friend. SQUIRE How old? ELEGANT MAN I knew him way before I employed you. The squire nods, wide-eyed. SQUIRE Wow, that's very long ago, Lord Yun. The man's name is YUN XING TONG. YUN XING TONG It is. He smiles back at the squire, who is obviously a simple man. The squire gets onto the horse behind his Master. YUN XING TONG Giddyap! The two horses set off from the mansion. On the way, the squire asks in his typical manner of childlike naivete. SQUIRE Master, tell me who is this friend exactly? I would be very happy if I could welcome your new friend, and know what to call him. YUN XING TONG His name, Shui Liu Can. SQUIRE The Chant of Flowing Water! What a lovely name! The Elegant Man smiles. YUN XING TONG The Chant of Flowing Water indeed´ Then at this moment we see that it starts raining all around them. SQUIRE Wah! Speak of the Devil, I just mentioned flowing water, and now comes the rain! YUN XING TONG I cannot keep him waiting! EXT. COUNTRY PATH DAY The man we now know as Shui Liu Can looks up towards the sky. His face is greeted by the raindrops, which he tries to shield off with his sleeve. FADE TO BLACK Across the blackness we continue hearing the noise of rain. The blackness lights up a while, replicating the effect of lightning. Then we hear the sound of thunder crashing. Then against the blackness we start seeing huge droplets of rain fall from the dark depths of the sky. The rain drops are falling with the force of an army charging. EXT. COURTYARD OF YUN ESTATE NIGHT We see the Yun Estate displayed before us in all its glory, a silent giant in the long and cacophonous night of rain. We now see the courtyard, where the rain is falling in torrents. Standing in sharp contrast to the heavy downpour and the darkness of the sky is a lit window in the house. Against which we see a female silhouette. This is a MIDWIFE. We first see as it turns around, shouting to someone further in the house. WOMAN It's a boy! Then we hear the cry of a baby that continues through the transfer into: INT. YUN ESTATE BEDROOM NIGHT An older man walks into the room, taking the baby from the midwife and holding it in his arms. This is LORD YUN. LORD YUN Tonight, I have a son. And you I shall name Xing Tong, for you nothing shall be impossible. MIDWIFE He's a healthy boy. LORD YUN Good, now I want his mother to be tended to. Then Lord Yun and his magisterial, stern presence exit the room. EXT. COURTYARD YUN ESTATE NIGHT The downpour continues to rage on in the courtyard of the Yun Estate. It is at this moment that we see a pair of feet enter the frame, it is a man, and he is carrying his wife along with him. The wife is heavily pregnant, and she is breathing heavily, and in great agony. MAN Oh God, is there anyone who can help me? His shouts are loud, but his voiced is drowned out by the rain. We see as on his face, tears mix with the rain. At this moment he turns around, and sees a few of the mansion's guards coming towards him. He starts screaming at the guards. MAN OH GOD. Thank God, thank God...you have to help me, all of you. The guards though seem to draw their swords most inhospitably. GUARD ONE The Lord has chosen this mansion for his private endeavor, I do not know how you managed to find this place, but my advice is that you leave now. INT. YUN ESTATE BEDROOM NIGHT The midwife looks out of the bedroom and sees the man, which worries her. And she calls out to Lord Yun... MIDWIFE Sir, sir! There's someone outside the house! The guards are hara... She is about to finish \"harassing\" when she sees Lord Yun in his room. INT. YUN ESTATE LORD YUN'S BEDROOM NIGHT In his room, still in a state of excitement, Lord Yun is pacing restlessly when the midwife enters. MIDWIFE My Lord, there is a man outside the house, I think his wife is pregnant! The guards, the guards, they are, harass... Lord Yun contemplates before shaking his head. LORD YUN Thievery is common these days. We do not know what kind of visitor this is. Why would someone like that stumble upon our mansion as such? I have taught the guards to handle these matters with the utmost tact and diplomacy. MIDWIFE My Lord, we have to help him, his wife is about to give birth! LORD YUN How do you know that? This is our compound, outsiders are not allowed in so easily! MIDWIFE I believed what I saw, my Lord. Please, we must let him in. LORD YUN Very well then, let him in. Just then Lord Yun hears some cries... EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT One of the guards has been brutally wrestled to the ground by none other than the man, who has laid his agonizing wife down by the side. The man also has confiscated the guard's saber, and is waving it at the others while he sits atop the body of the guard he has confronted and presses his face to the ground with one hand. On the ground we see as the guard's mouth projects a stream of blood that mixes with the rainwater... MAN All right, I hope you guys get it! My wife is in agony, and you have to save her. Nearby the ailing wife screams... At this moment, we see as none other than Lord Yun emerges from the mansion. Handsome, dignified, stern and commanding, he glares coldly at his guards with his eyes. Behind him walks the midwife. In front of the guards he draws his sword, which releases with a magnificent metallic slide from its sheath. LORD YUN The man is harmless! I have told you all before that he should be hushed away with diplomacy if possible! GUARD TWO But he just beat one of us... LORD YUN Self defence is valid cause in this case! Now leave, all of you! The guards disperse as instructed by their master. Lord Yun and the midwife run over to the ailing wife of the man, who is thrashing around on the ground. MIDWIFE I don't think she can take it anymore... LORD YUN Then we must get to work! The man is startled as he sees Lord Yun, sword unsheathed, walk towards his wife. MAN WHAT...what are you trying to do, Sir? LORD YUN Shut up, and just let me tend to your wife! The woman is screaming in agony on the ground already... From a distance, we watch as the midwife and Lord Yun huddle around the woman. WOMAN It's coming out, I can feel it... LORD YUN Do your breathing... MIDWIFE You sure you know what you are doing? LORD YUN I do... With an isometric aerial view, we see as where Lord Yun, the midwife and the man have crowded around the screaming wife, a small spurt of blood is seen. DISSOLVE TO: INT. LORD YUN'S BEDROOM NIGHT An image of a hand holding a silken kerchief, and cleansing a sword with it. The kerchief is stained with blood. Slowly it is revealed that the hand belongs to none other than Lord Yun himself. Behind Lord Yun stands the midwife, who is carrying the new child in her hands. MIDWIFE My Lord, the woman... LORD YUN We can only leave her to the fates now. I have done all I could. Desperate times called for desperate measures, I had to deliver her. MIDWIFE Aye, it's a hearty boy she bore. LORD YUN Indeed... At this moment the man enters the room, obviously he's a man who is rather rough in the ways of the world, uncouth, unsubtle and with a temper quick to flare and quick to please. MAN Oh, thank you so much, I just have to thank you for this. You managed to deliver my child...thank you, thank you so much. The missus and I were on a long journey, and everywhere we looked we could not find a place to stay... Lord Yun puts a hand up, and the man quietens down immediately. LORD YUN That I perfectly understand. It was my duty to do so...you have not told me your name yet... MAN My surname is \"Shui\", as in \"water\". LORD YUN My surname is \"Yun\", as in \"cloud\". SHUI How is the missus doing so far? LORD YUN I have heard that she is all right. SHUI Good, good´ But it is obvious that Shui is obviously very tense at this moment. LORD YUN By the way, the night is long. Where are you going? What do you wish to do? SHUI There have been floods in my hometown, we were reduced to eating tree bark, I was going to go far away for a better life´ LORD YUN So you have nowhere to go at this moment? SHUI Not that I have, maybe I'll stay a few more days. Lord Yun just nods. SHUI Did you ever think of something to name the child? LORD YUN You mean you never thought of it? SHUI Not really, but I just want to hear your suggestion, I mean it was my fortune to have met you´and for delivering my child safely perhaps you should name him too? LORD YUN Me name your child...it is such a rainy night, and your surname sounds just like water?, the rain sounds like the chanting of monks in a temple. So I shall name your son Shui Liu Can----the Chant of Flowing Water. SHUI Wonderful name, sir. At this moment the midwife comes in with infant Shui Liu Can draped in the delicate silken cloths, and hands the child over to Shui. LORD YUN Now here's another surprise, my child was born here on the same night as yours. SHUI They could be sworn brothers. Oh but before anything I really want to know, how is the Missus so far? Is she okay? LORD YUN I believe she would be. EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY We see as the rain has stopped and the ground is drying up. Where the rain used to be, now only puddles of water are left. The sun hangs high in the sky at the moment. And all is bright and clear. EXT. FORESTS DAY We are back in the surrounding forests of the villa once more, and we see here that it is still raining heavily. The squire starts shouting to his master. SQUIRE Lord Yun, Lord Yun! Must we still carry through this? YUN XING TONG He cannot wait for me, so therefore neither can I wait for him! Giddyap! EXT. FOREST REST STOP DAY We see that Shui Liu Can and his handmaiden have instead come to a small rest stop in the middle of the forest path, a convenient rest-stop. HANDMAIDEN Can he wait? SHUI LIU CAN Let him wait for a little while. And it is here that we see Shui Liu Can smoking his pipe at the table. He blows out his familiar curlicues of smoke. The rest stop owner looks out from behind the counter and smiling, starts talking to Shui Liu Can. Who hardly seems to be paying any attention. REST STOP OWNER Wah, the \"All Souls Festival\", always raining around this time of year, huh, just like in the old poem. You going to offer anything to your ancestors, hmm? If you are I have a deal for you... The rest stop owner seems to prattle onward and onward...his voice grows indistinct while Shui Liu Can's back is turned towards him. The rest stop owner comes out from behind the counter and walks towards Shui Liu Can while continuing to prattle... REST STOP OWNER(cont.) I still have some leftovers that might serve well when you go to do your offerings today, and I see that you are poor, so it really is not going to cost you much... The rest stop owner does this in a continuous ramble, and we look over his shoulder as he walks nearer and nearer to Shui's table. REST STOP OWNER (cont.) I mean I see that you're in such tatters, sir, that I am wondering what really happened...so I have decided that you only need to pay up with... It is then we see that he removes a small throwing dagger from the folds of his coat... REST STOP OWNER (cont.) YOUR LIFE! The dagger goes flying towards Shui, his handmaiden sees this first and foremost and tries to block it. Shui can take care of himself well enough and deflects the dagger with single stretch of his sword, still in its scabbard. Shui's handmaiden rushes at the rest stop owner, who removes another hidden dagger from within his coat, this time a longer dagger for close combat purposes. They are on the verge of clashing when the dagger that he threw first comes back and embeds itself in the temple of the rest stop owner. Turns out that Shui has picked it up and done the throwing. SHUI LIU CAN He's not worth it. He's not worth two of you, he is only worth one of me. The handmaiden nods and backs away from the corpse. Shui then goes out into the rain outside. We see as he draws his sword, holding it in one hand while twirling his pipe in the other with amazing skill and dexterity. SHUI LIU CAN If you already have been waiting for me, come and I will not tarry. HANDMAIDEN Master, did your friend have anything to do with this? SHUI LIU CAN If only he had, my girl, if only he had. The handmaiden quickly backs off and heads back to the sidelines. Shui Liu Can looks off into the distance and starts preparing for the worst. Then indeed, out of the bush more men step out, all fully armed with their own weapons. Shui Liu Can turns around, and sees that there are more men stepping out behind him, he looks around and nods. SHUI LIU CAN If that friend of mine had something to do with this, I would be dead by now. Thank God that you do not come on behalf of his orders. EXT. FOREST DAY Yun and his squire are hurrying at a full gallop through the rain. Yun is possessed of an almost unearthly sense of urgency, as though everything had depended on this moment in his life. As we CLOSE UP on his face we realize that in his eyes there is a religious, almost fanatical devotion to this cause that he is currently taking up. He closes his eyes. It is as though he is trying to forget something.that something that once happened a long time ago. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY We are right where we left off the last time, the sun is shining brightly in the sky. We start hearing some off-screen conversations. They are clearly between Lord Yun and one of his men. LORD YUN(o/c) So you are telling me that he fell you to the ground that quick. MAN Yes, couldn't even see how fast he did it but soon as I turned around, seemed to have my own knife at my neck. INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY Lord Yun is sitting opposite his man, who is battered and bruised, and one of those that was beaten up by Shui the night before. LORD YUN He was that good? The man nods. Lord Yun looks down, his head deep in thought. LORD YUN You may take your leave. The man leaves the room. And right where he leaves off we see that we FLASH FORWARD to a certain time in the future. It is the same room, and there we see that a child is framed in the doorway. And then Lord Yun is now a little older, somewhat changed in appearance. The child is actually YOUNG YUN XING TONG, who has come here to meet his father. He is at this age around six years old. LORD YUN Come here, son. I would like you to meet your new playmate. Lord Yun gestures, and in one corner of the room we see seated, is already the YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN. LORD YUN I trust that the two of you are going to be great. You and your playmate here are going to grow up together. YOUNG YUN XING TONG But father... LORD YUN I know your reservations, but he is from now, your friend. A big smile crosses Lord Yun's face. THEN WE FLASHBACK to see Lord Yun back in his study again, apparently deep in thought. There is a look of shock on his face. Lord Yun is startled as he turns towards the open doorway to his study. He slowly but surely walks out of his study so that he stands in the corridor outside. Then from within his study we see as he turns and freezes. EXT. FOREST DAY CLOSE UP on Yun Xing Tong's eyes as they open. Yun Xing Tong and his squire are still sitting on their horses when a scream comes over to them from somewhere in the distance. Yun Xing Tong brings his horse to a standstill, and the Squire also stops. SQUIRE Master, why are you stopping? YUN XING TONG Something's going on in the distance. SQUIRE What about that friend of yours, weren't you urgent to meet him? YUN XING TONG Sometimes there are things that can wait. EXT. FOREST PATH DAY We see now that the men who have surrounded Shui Liu Can on all sides are closing in. The leader of the men walks around Shui Liu Can, mocking and taunting him as he does so, on his face there is a dismissive smirk. So far already one body lies dead on the ground, obviously taken care of by Shui Liu Can himself. Apparently that was the one that made the scream. LEADER Well, he was always a liability to us anyway, good that you have taken care of him. SHUI LIU CAN Who sent you? LEADER Why do you need to ask that question? Do you not know that more people than you know have heard of your return? (Beat) Apparently you are very famous now. SHUI LIU CAN Really? I consider all that something very good to know. LEADER Indeed, your reputation precedes you, we would like to test it. The leader turns to his men, who now surround Shui Liu Can on all sides. LEADER (shouting) Take him down! With a top-down shot, we see as the men all start to converge around Shui Liu Can. With little effort, a sword goes through the belly of one of them, another has his throat sliced, between thrusts and parries Shui Liu Can still has time to take puffs on his pipe. Then, with the pipe out of his mouth he blows a stream of smoke at one of the grunts surrounding him and runs him through with his sword when his vision is clouded. Then he starts taking on three men with each hand, in one his pipe acts as both a mini-polearm and an acupoint node-hitter, within a few moves he has paralyzed one of the men who is carrying a spear, tucked the pipe in his own waist, grabbed the spear and starts swinging the spear around. Now with far larger range than most of his opponents, they try to reduce the distance advantage by closing in, but he makes short work of most of them with a few brief strokes of the spear, one rushes in fast enough to slice the spear in two, but then we see that Shui Liu Can throws away one end of the spear shaft, unsheathes his sword, but not completely, just fast enough to get the hilt rammed into his stomach, hard. He doubles over, gasping for air. Then with the end of the spear shaft where the point is, he rams it hard into the man's back. The remaining men are still large in number, but they are now clearly fearful of Shui Liu Can already. Slowly they start stepping back, a few of them even start backing off. Shui Liu Can smiles. SHUI LIU CAN So, I assumed that you just expected this rabble to take me on? The leader of men is already somewhat discouraged, but the front that he is putting on is still quite boisterous. LEADER Those were the scum, everyone who remains are the true heroes! The surrounding men give a wild yell and raise their assorted weapons. We see them, swords, knives, copper staffs, axes, spears, a pair of short iron claws at the end of sticks, short spearheads, halberds, and one has a strange weapon resembling a weighted chain at the end of a long pole. At the sight of all this, the handmaiden starts quaking from where she sits. We see as her hand tries desperately to unsheathe her sword. But it is quaking. Her Master on the other hand, is armed with the same amount of nonchalance that has characterized him up to now. LEADER Remember, everyone, whoever gets this man, will be duly rewarded with DOUBLE the original amount that was promised! The yell goes up from all the men combined, this time even louder. The leader immediately goes up with his own sword and clashes it with that of Shui Liu Can. The leader of these men, is in fact, pretty skilled, and almost a match for Shui himself. The surrounding men cheer on as the leader and Shui engage in a lightning- fast sword battle, in a second, the two men appear engulfed by the silver arcs that their swordpoints trace through the air. Beads of perspiration form on the leader's face, he is holding on but barely. LEADER What are you guys thinking about now? Get him! The surrounding men nod and rush into the fray. But as Shui sees himself surrounded by the men he takes a flying leap up into the air and leaps into the forest nearby. LEADER COWARD! That's what you have always been, that's what you'll always be! (Beat) Get him! With a great cry all of his men rush into the forest. Well, all except one. He walks over to the rest stop in the midst of the forest, and there he starts to eye Shui's handmaiden. Leaning on one of the pillars of the rest stop, he looks lustily at the damsel he thinks he has entrapped. He whistles a tune out of his mouth while he holds his saber in his hand. The handmaiden draws her own sword from its sheath. The man pretends to look impressed, and lets out a whistle from the side of his mouth. EXT. FOREST DAY As through the forest Shui leaps there is a look of calm on his face. As though he has fought many more, worse battles before this. He turns around, and a smile spreads across his face. The rabble of men is following him. He just moves onward, peacefully. In the distance, Yun Xing Tong and his Squire wait as the screams of battle come nearer. Yun Xing Tong's eyes are closed. SQUIRE Master, are you remembering? YUN XING TONG Quiet, he comes. The squire nods along with Yun, and both men ride quietly into the deep green of the woods. CLOSE UP on Yun Xing Tong's eyes, they open. And sure enough, in the distance he indeed sees Shui Liu Can taking flying leaps across the trees, while the entire rabble of men follows him. The Squire has a wide-eyed look on his face. SQUIRE That's your friend, Master. YUN XING TONG Yes, and the wait is finally over. SQUIRE Well, he's here.and he's being chased. YUN XING TONG Wait here. This is something I must finish. The Squire nods. Yun Xing Tong draws his sword and takes off quietly through the forest. By now the mob that is following Shui Liu Can is already quite dispersed, the faster ones in front, the slower ones behind, and all of them are pretty scattered after following Shui for so long. The leader is still among the fastest, and is still among those in the lead among who has followed Shui. Then finally, at one point, Shui finally stops. He stands there and smiles in his own unmistakably, deceptively calm fashion. It is exactly this manner, though, that is holding everyone off. We see at this point that one of the men is starting to freak out, the one carrying a bronze rod. He is a man senior in years, and starts shaking his head. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER I don't think we would even be able to carry on with him much longer. LEADER Quiet, I have promised you all increased bounty, are you not happy? BRONZE ROD FIGHTER I tell you, I have not seen anyone like him before. LEADER What do you mean? BRONZE ROD FIGHTER I don't know, but I believe men like him are easy to underestimate. Where he possesses strength, he feigns weakness. No one notices it, but Shui is making distinct eye contact at the Bronze rod fighter at this point. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER (cont.) He has lived on nothing but chaos, but with chaos, he feigns peace. There is a silence throughout the group of men by now. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER (cont.) He appears to run away all the time, but whenever he runs away, he always runs so that he will come back to fight another day. The Bronze rod fighter lays down his weapon beside him, gets onto his knees and starts kowtowing before the figure of Shui Liu Can. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER This man is already a greater warrior than I, he will not get any better, and that shall be his curse. Leave him. Some of the warriors dismiss this old man with a snicker, as he leaves the place, shuffling silently. The leader just laughs out loud, and licks his lips as he brandishes his sword. LEADER Mutterings of a fool, Shui Liu Can has always been a coward, and he will die a coward's death! Three of you forward with me, and we shall take him down. The rest of you just watch if you believe what that old fool has to say. The leader of the mob and three other strongest ones go forward to attack Shui. One has the weighted chain at the end of the staff. One has a pair of short spearheads. One carries a pair of hatchets. And the last one is the Leader himself. The four men surround Shui Liu Can, enclosing him in a box. The man with the weighted chain-and-staff is the first to attack, the weight at the end of his chain swinging wildly as he attacks Shui Liu Can, it appears to be a tight battle, but Shui Liu Can manages to parry every single swing of the weighted chain. Then the leader comes up with his own sword, rushing into the fray, Shui Liu Can bends over acrobatically, dodging the first thrust of the sword, and before long, he has slipped over to the third man, who is carrying the hatchets. The man with the hatchets attempts to take advantage of the distance between him and Shui Liu Can and attacks Shui with a fast series of repeated hacks. Shui manages to parry but barely. As the four men fight they close in faster and faster on Shui, and Shui is starting to realize that he is having less and less of a chance to escape, he retries the old trick of leaping upwards when surrounded. LEADER Hah, you can't fool us this time! The leader also makes an upward leap, and with a swift kick he knocks Shui Liu Can off course. Shui Liu Can falls towards the ground, but lands on his feet.on the head of the man with the two hatchets, and from there leaps, launches one kick that sends the hatchet man flying off course, and two kicks to the heads of the man with the weighted chain and the man with the short spearheads, who both fall backwards, mouths filled with bloodied teeth. The leader sees this, charges at Shui, who using his pipe that he has concealed all this while, gives him a firm hard acupoint attack, paralyzing him instantly and then running him through without even turning his head. The man with the weighted chain picks himself up, and runs towards Shui, before leaping high into the air and landing before him. Then we see as he wields his weighted chain-and-staff around, bashing up flurries of dust everywhere he goes. He hits a tree trunk, and bits of bark come off. Before long, a cloud of soil pellets, dust and tree bark seems to follow the man wherever he goes. The man heads right up to Shui, and slams one into Shui's chest. Shui is repelled backwards by the force, and collapses in a pile on the ground. But he picks himself up. The man with the weighted chain-and-staff underestimates his foe and comes forward ready to smash Shui's head sideways, but Shui is first to strike and with a swift stroke of the sword breaks the chain that holds the weight and sends the weight flying into a nearby tree trunk. Then the others, watching all this, start yelling a cry that is something halfway between rage and despair, and come charging forward with their various weapons. But using his pipe and sword combined, Shui begins to finish them off almost effortlessly one by one. Three of them are paralyzed by node hitting, one of them has his sword twirled out of his hand, one is slashed across the chest, four others run away screaming. The one with the halberd comes charging forward, only to have the once- mighty halberd head sliced in half by Shui's sword, which goes on to slice all the way down the shaft, he knows better and releases his grip before the sword reaches his fingers, and runs away. The one with the short iron claws comes up and launches a series of strong attacks against Shui, the two claws seem effective for parrying both of Shui's weapons at first, and the others start stepping back and cheering, just waiting for the iron claw guy to finally get Shui. IRON CLAW GUY Run like the cowards you are, while I finish off one of your own! Some of the other men seem to nod and leave, except for a few who still seem supremely confident of their own skill. EXT. FOREST REST STOP DAY The handmaiden of Shui is covered in blood, with her sword in hand. The guy who has stayed behind to attack her is now lying on the ground, dead. Obviously there has been a terrible fight just before, or so it seems. The handmaiden is clearly frightened at this point in time, and her hand shaking, she sheathes her sword. Then she runs off into the forest. EXT. FOREST DAY The bronze rod fighter is heading back through the forest and shaking his head, then we hear as he calls out. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Tell me, who is it that lurks there? It is none other than Yun Xing Tong, who has arrived silently as a ghost through the woods, and is watching the battle from the sidelines with all the cool dispassion of a God. YUN XING TONG It is I. The bronze rod fighter closes his eyes. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER I knew it.I am old, and my time on earth would not be long. He is the kind who walks with death, and now it has marked me. YUN XING TONG I am not death, I may be worse. Yun Xing Tong walks over to the Bronze rod fighter, and when directly in front, slices across immediately with his sword. The bronze rod is immediately broken in two, but the bronze rod fighter remains unharmed. With the stump of the bronze rod in hand, the bronze rod fighter starts crying. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Why did you not kill me? I am marked by death. Yun Xing Tong does not answer the Bronze Rod fighter at all, but moves on. YUN XING TONG (mutters) Good luck old man. Yun Xing Tong just continues walking. We see as he slides into the battleground.at this moment the rain has ended not so long ago, and the mist is rising from the ground as the sun starts evaporating the water there. Yun Xing Tong is so stealthy that his first victim does not even realize it as he is strangled from behind. Yun Xing Tong then goes on to more and more targets, finishing each one of them off with single strokes of the sword. Then he starts rushing towards the fight between the man with the short iron claws and Shui Liu Can. So far the man with the short iron claws is perhaps the one best capable of holding up to Shui's prowess. So far we see that one of the claws has held Shui's blade tip to the ground, and the other is simply fending off attacks from Shui's pipe. Around them the remaining fighters watch, some cheering, some waiting for their own opportunity. Then comes Yun Xing Tong, slipping in silently like a ghost. The man watches some more, then we see as he rushes into the fray.using his palms, giving Shui and his opponent a hard push. And before you know it, his force alone has pushed both Shui and the man with the claws, up against a nearby tree. Shui is still pinned to the tree by the man now, whose claws are digging into his flesh on the merit of Yun's force alone. CLOSE UP on Shui's face. He knows who has come. Over the shoulder of his opponent, who is still too perplexed to know what is going on, he sees Yun Xing Tong. Then Yun Xing Tong goes up and we hear the sound of metal tearing through flesh. The man with the iron claws falls. Yun Xing Tong pulls out the sword. CLOSE UP on its bloodstained blade. Shui looks at Yun, then he looks down at himself. He notices that on his shirt there is in fact a small cut. CLOSE UP as he opens up the small cut with two fingers of his. There is indeed, a bleeding cut in there, of the kind made by a sword. Shui looks up at Yun. The remaining warriors see this, and slowly pack up their weapons. But before they leave, they gather together in formation right in front of Yun and Shui. And then unthinkably, they salute Yun and Shui by crossing their hands so that a fist is in a palm. An Ascetic Swordsman is leading this. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN If you had killed both men, we would have given you a lot less respect. The remaining men get up, dust off their clothes, and leave. Shui looks at Yun with a surprising amount of fondness. SHUI LIU CAN I...I...knew that they could not have sent you at all. Thanks, thanks a lot. YUN XING TONG Anything for an old friend, I suppose. SHUI LIU CAN Yes, anything for an old friend. Yun Xing Tong laughs, and the two men set off on their journey. SHUI LIU CAN Oh yeah. I just remembered. I brought someone along too. My maid. I left her at the rest stop in the forest.go and fetch her, shall we? YUN XING TONG Of course, I have actually brought some horses along to ease your journey. Soon the two men reach the horses, which the Squire has taken care of up till now, and both men mount them. Yun Xing Tong is on one of the horses. On the other horse sits Shui Liu Can, with Yun's squire as well. Then the two men set off from there. SHUI LIU CAN Thanks for taking me over to your place personally. YUN XING TONG My pleasure. (pause) You have a handmaiden now? SHUI LIU CAN Long story short, I am getting old, I need someone to take care of me. YUN XING TONG You seem to have some more years left in you. SHUI LIU CAN You said that right after saving me from possible death. YUN XING TONG Saving you? Guess I did. SHUI LIU CAN I see you still command respect. YUN XING TONG I am lucky I do. Just at this moment the Squire spots the handmaiden. SQUIRE There's a girl over there! The two men see Shui's handmaiden, all bloodied and tired at this moment. Shui leaps off his horse immediately and runs towards her, where he grabs her by the hands. She looks at him, eyes downcast, tears flowing, expression silent. SHUI LIU CAN Oh God, what happened to you? Are you alright? Did I not tell you to stay put?! HANDMAIDEN It's okay Master, I just killed one of the men. Shui Liu Can almost wants to slap her, like a father would a child. Then he retracts his hand. SHUI LIU CAN Good, you did well, now come, let's meet my old friend. Shui Liu Can gestures to Yun Xing Tong. SHUI LIU CAN That is Yun Xing Tong, the friend who I was telling you about. Yun Xing Tong nods from his horseback. SHUI LIU CAN Come, let's head over to his place, there we'll get you washed up, and a change of clothes too. The handmaiden nods. She gets on the horse along that Yun Xing Tong sits on, and then the two horses set off, Shui and Yun's Squire on one, and the handmaiden and Yun on the other. Then they head off to Yun's mansion. EXT. STREAM DAY Here we see that small assortment of fighters that have managed to leave the aforementioned battlefield unscathed, and they are all helping themselves to the water here. Along with them, but separate, is the old fighter with the bronze rod. He is drinking from the same stream, but at a different end. The Ascetic Swordsman who led the show of respect to Yun Xing Tong appears to be their ringleader, at this moment, one of his companions, who holds a belt full of daggers, shakes his head and sighs. DAGGER FIGHTER We're leaving empty-handed like this? Right after you made us bow to that man? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Shush! From what I have seen we should not go on with our mission. A third warrior pipes up, this one using a staff. STAFF FIGHTER What do you mean our mission is not worth undertaking.it was going to make us rich! The Ascetic Swordsman takes a drink from the stream before speaking. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Rich? Yes, of course I know that it would make us rich, but about dead? STAFF FIGHTER What do you mean? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN You heard me right, I said dead. That Yun Xing Tong could have killed us if he wanted to, he let us live, why do you think he did so? DAGGER FIGHTER I say you're being a big sap, brother, he let us go because... ASCETIC SWORDSMAN He knew only too well that killing us was the easy thing to do, to let us go was the harder one. Another fighter with a pair of crescent blades starts shaking his head. CRESCENT BLADE FIGHTER What in the world are you talking about? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Hard to say, sometimes I feel that what we are after is too sacred for us to ever attain. DAGGER FIGHTER You mean. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Yes, we must give up. The secrets of the Cloud-Water Sword Style are no longer worth our pursuit. With a top-down shot, we see as the Bronze Rod fighter, who has been drinking water by the sides all along, walks over and joins them. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER He is right indeed, I know that all of you have waited a long time for this moment, but if you will hear how it all began, you will understand everything much clearer. (Beat) Your generation within the martial realm has not heard the truth often, but mine has. There is a lot more to how Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can created the Cloud-Water Sword Style than we will ever know. As far as I am concerned, it began with Yun Xing Tong's father. FLASHBACK BEGINS INT. LORD YUN'S STUDY DAY This continues the flashback that we witnessed through Lord Yun just now. This is a study, and here we see that a child is framed in the doorway. And then Lord Yun is now a little older, somewhat changed in appearance. The child is YOUNG YUN XING TONG, who has come here to meet his father. He is at this age around six years old. LORD YUN Come here, son. I would like you to meet your new playmate. Lord Yun gestures, and in one corner of the room we see seated, is already the YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN. LORD YUN I trust that the two of you are going to be great. You and your playmate here are going to grow up together. YOUNG YUN XING TONG But father... LORD YUN I know your reservations, but he is from now, your friend. A big smile crosses Lord Yun's face. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN Hi, you may not have seen me often here before, but the truth is that your father is a man of great merit. He has been my benefactor since the day I was born. YOUNG YUN XING TONG Dad, why haven't you told me about you being a \"benefactor\" of anyone? I did not know you were, you were so... LORD YUN Chivalric? Then Lord Yun laughs. LORD YUN(cont.) Indeed, I may not be like Justice Bao or Judge Dee, but I hope I come very close. At this moment we see a woman framed in the doorway as well, it is none other than Yun Xing Tong's mother, LADY YUN. LADY YUN Well I see that Tong-er has found the friend that you wanted him to have. LORD YUN Indeed, I am in fact, going to take him out of the schoolroom and have him home-schooled from now on with this new friend of his. LADY YUN I see all is fine, he seems like a great kid. LORD YUN Indeed. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN From now on, I will be your partner and friend. YOUNG YUN XING TONG Dad, why are you taking me out of my school? LORD YUN I just see that as it stands, you would do better with this boy as your companion, you can learn more with him, form a closer friendship, and make it one that will last a lifetime. As of this moment I have found the best kind of schoolteacher for the two of you boys, and for me, I will give you two a little surprise. (Beat) What I really want to do is to be with you boys, you know what I am saying? YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN Wow, this is better than anything that my dad ever promised me. LORD YUN It is indeed. He is a good man, but he did not have the kinds of opportunities that I am offering the two of you right now. YOUNG YUN XINGTONG Who is his father anyway? LORD YUN That will be our little secret for now. Lord Yun winks at young Shui Liu Can. Young Shui Liu Can smiles back at Lord Yun. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN I will not let you know who my father is, but you would probably never grow up to be like him! YOUNG YUN XINGTONG Yeah? YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN Yeah! The two children start fighting. LORD YUN Ha ha ha...cut it out, the both of you! The two children continue not listening. LORD YUN I said cut it out! Lord Yun brings his palm down on the side of his chair, and the children stop fighting. They turn to look at Lord Yun. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN Sorry. LORD YUN That's good, the two of you should not fight.none of you should fight anyway. (Beat) Now let the two of you get to know each other, you're going to know each other for a long time. And laughing, Lord Yun walks out of the room EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY It is here that Lord Yun meets up with his wife, who looks absolutely anxious and worried at her husband. There is also a certain amount of ridicule involved, like one would reserve for what one believes is a person who has lost his mind. LADY YUN I don't know, but after all these years, I don't think keeping your vow is such a good idea. LORD YUN Such is a gentleman's duty, and we must remember that. LADY YUN We? LORD YUN Yes. That means you have to keep it quiet too. LADY YUN Look, you got yourself into this, you get out of it yourself. FLASHBACK ENDS EXT. FOREST STREAM DAY We are back at the forest stream that we left, and we see that the old man's train of thought has been interrupted by the Ascetic Swordsman. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Sir, you were saying that Lord Yun had secrets? BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Indeed, some of those things kept him on the border of life and death. (Beat) It was that that his wife knew. EXT. YUN ESTATE NIGHT We see one of the many halls in the mansion, where the window is now alight. The Bronze Rod Fighter's narration continues through the transfer. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER (v/o) You see, it so turned out that Shui was no ordinary man, but in fact, rather, a wanted criminal. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN (v/o) Wanted, for what? BRONZE ROD FIGHTER (v/o) Who knows and who cares? It was because he was wanted that everything that could happen, did. We slowly close in on the window with the light in it. INT. YUN ESTATE DINING HALL NIGHT This is in fact, one of the Yun Estate's many dining halls, perhaps one used for the reception of guests. Using a lighter, we see as a hand lights up a pair of candles. In the dim shadows, we see that there is someone seated at a dinner table in the room, and where some wine is laid before him. But other than that we see little else. Lord Yun is slowly revealed to be the man who lit the candles. We see as he turns to the shadowy figure at the table, which of course, we know, is Shui. As he sits opposite Shui at the table, he looks at this man who has entered his life and starts talking. As this conversation continues we are made aware of the presence of a pendulum clock in the background, one of the many imports from the West at this time of limited free trade in history, and of course a luxury probably only a family of influence could afford. It is the ticking of the clock that punctures the pauses of silence in the conversation between two men. LORD YUN What I want to know is, would you like to see me dead at this moment? SHUI Does it matter, would you want to kill yourself if you had the chance? LORD YUN Yes, I could. SHUI I am going to see to believe. LORD YUN If it is that you hate me so. Lord Yun pours a cup of wine. Then he dashes it against the floor. We see as the floor starts to sizzle and bubble as part of it is eaten away. LORD YUN This wine is poisoned. I CAN JUST DRINK IT if you truly hate me so. SHUI Naw, I know that trick, the wine jug itself contains two compartments, one with poisoned wine, one with non-poisoned wine, you drink from the unpoisoned one by activating a secret mechanism only you know...and you pretend to die. LORD YUN Is that so? Lord Yun starts to pour himself another cup of wine. SLO-MO as the trickle from the wine jug fills the cup. Then Lord Yun lays down the wine cup on the table. His hand reaches out for the cup and he lifts it slowly but surely, to his mouth. Droplets of sweat start to form on his forehead. He is almost ready to drink from it. Then all of a sudden a scream rends the air...it is a female voice. FEMALE VOICE(o/c) NO! None other than Lady Yun bursts through the door, a handmaiden following her. LADY YUN Please my Lord, think twice before you do anything silly. (to Shui) Please, you must understand that he really means it. Shui nods, his face still in darkness. SHUI So he does. Shui slowly emerges into the light, we see that his face is now beaten and scarred. LADY YUN My Lord, what happened to him, why did you do this? LORD YUN Sorry I did. Lady Yun, though looks at Shui sympathetically, and he smiles weakly at her. LADY YUN Oh lord, may you burn for what you did to him! Lord Yun raises up his hand to calm his wife down. It is at this moment that the ticking of the clock, which should have been a prominent sound in the background up to this point, slowly FADES OUT, and we hear Lord Yun's brief, succinct explanation of things. LORD YUN On the same night that you delivered our son, he also came to our house, his wife hugely pregnant, and given the urgency of the situation I delivered the child personally. The wife died of complications, and there was nothing that I could do about it. He found out, he went berserk. I knew he was a martial arts exponent from the way he harmed our guards the night before just to get in. He started trashing the place and fighting with the guards, demanding to see me. He was becoming dangerous, so I could but choose to lock him up. LADY YUN Oh God. Tears are flowing out of Shui's eyes at this moment, he looks at Lady Yun, and then at her husband. SHUI I know. I am trouble, that is what I have always been...I..I...am a murderer. It is at this point that Lord Yun turns to Shui. LORD YUN I know that you have good reason to hate me as of this moment, but I hope that you can see that I fully intended to drink that wine. He points to the wine cup on the table at this point. LORD YUN (cont.) And the fact that I have been forgiven, is that my beloved wife has been the judge of all this, and she has forgiven me. Lord Yun goes over to his wife and hugs her. LORD YUN The Missus has judged me well. CLOSE UP on Shui as his face, crossed with both pity and rage, FADES TO BLACK amidst the following voices: BRONZE ROD FIGHTER (v/o) Such was it that the judgment of a woman came to the aid of Lord Yun, and spared his life from that day on, so that he may live and that this tale may not have come to an end at that point. FADE IN: EXT. STREAM DAY We are back at the stream in the forest, where nearly all of the other swordsmen have had their attention rapt by the old Bronze Rod fighter. CRESCENT SWORD FIGHTER Women, who can trust those fickle creatures? That Lord Yun was a fool to surrender his life to the judgment of a woman. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Of course he may not have been as smart as some of us. This bon mot immediately meets a bout of laughter from some of the other fighters. The Ascetic Swordsman then pipes up. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN So, a woman's judgment sealed the fate of two generations. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Indeed, that was so! (Beat) Now, let us continue with this new knowledge. Where were we? DAGGER FIGHTER When Lady Yun was worried about her husband's commitment. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Right, right. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY Lady Yun is leaning against her husband's shoulders as they walk through the courtyard gardens of the Yun Estate. LADY YUN I'm worried my dear, is our child going to be safe at all? I mean, he's with the child of a.wanted murderer, no good can ever come of anything like that! LORD YUN Don't you remember, it was you that took pity on that wanted murderer. LADY YUN I felt sorry for him, and for the mother who could no longer see her child, may her ghost rest in peace. BUT isn't this getting too far.? LORD YUN The wanted murderer was the father, but the son is innocent as they come. He deserves his chance at life. LADY YUN You have no idea what's going on these few years, after a six year chase some agents have at last found traces of that man, and they are closing in. (Beat) There is already a reward of one thousand pieces of silver for that man's head. Lord Yun nods. LADY YUN (cont.) He may live separately from us, but sooner or later they are going to find out who his benefactor is, and then we are going to be in trouble, a proud noble family, with a reputation all set to be cast adrift in the wind? (Beat) Our children and our children's children bear our curse! LORD YUN Look, you do not understand that if I wanted pride or nobility, I would not have retreated to this country estate for some quiet. If it happens, it will happen, we can live without pride or nobility. It is not.everything. Lady Yun's eyes fill with tears as she slowly starts to get choked by sobs. LADY YUN Not everything huh.I suppose that it's 'not everything' only to you. Lord Yun nods. LADY YUN And if you feel that you owe that man everything indeed, why did you have to it that day. FLASHBACK OCCURS INT. YUN ESTATE DAY We are back at the shot earlier where we saw Lord Yun frozen in the doorway. Then we see him run down the corridor just outside. EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY We see Shui himself confronting two of the mansion's guards. He is screaming and shouting in the typical manner of the country bum that he appears to be. SHUI I demand to see the Master of the House! One of the guards stops him. GUARD 1 He is busy at this moment, and he will attend to you shortly. SHUI I don't give a damn, I want to see the Master right this minute. GUARD 2 Now I have no idea who you think you are, as if all the trouble you caused last night was not enough. It is at this moment that Lord Yun emerges, and holding up a hand, stops the guards in their actions. LORD YUN Stop there. I have come here to see the man. SHUI There you are, why did my wife die? I left her in your hands.you could not have let her die...ANSWER ME! Guard 1 attempts to stop Shui by rushing up from behind to hold him back, but Shui floors him with a single stroke. LORD YUN Good, that's the way. GUARD 1 Be careful, sir, this guy is... LORD YUN I know he's good. I want to see him try. SHUI He's right, that's our business. Shui rushes toward Lord Yun with a flying kick, but Lord Yun catches his leg, twists it around, and brings him down to the ground. Shui is quick to rebound, and delivers a few more blows at Lord Yun, all of which he seems slippery enough to dodge. Then one more blow nearly gets Lord Yun, but he catches it and responds with an elbow to the stomach, which sends Shui reeling back a little. Shui does not quit, but keeps coming and coming, fists and feet flying in a tight and ruthless formation, we see as one blow catches Lord Yun across the face, a full leg sweep wipes him off his feet, and just when Lord Yun is about to get up and deliver another blow, a hard one is dealt to the neck. Lord Yun now lies on the ground in pain. SHUI Well you got that fight you wanted. Lord Yun picks himself all of a sudden and grabs Shui by the throat, but Shui is no slouch and his equally quick reflexes grab Lord Yun's as well. It is at this moment that we see more of Lord Yun's guards enter the fray, and all of them are carrying their respective sabers, posed and ready to strike. LORD YUN Come clean, you're a wanted man, aren't you? SHUI So what if I am? LORD YUN Admit it! Shui just spits in Lord Yun's face. Some of the guards immediately rush forward, apprehending Shui immediately. CLOSE UP on Shui's face, which we see is rather dispassionate to these men even though right now his level of skill could take them out easily. The men push Shui to the ground, force him down on his knees and lock his hands behind his back. Shui does not react still. Lord Yun, now much more assured, looks down at Shui. LORD YUN When I saw what you did to my guard I knew you could not be trusted. I have spent the best money on those who guard this personal sanctuary of mine, and yet you managed to beat the best of them? I think there's more to you than meets the eye. SHUI So, big deal! LORD YUN Remember that I can turn you in. SHUI So why aren't you? Got something to hide yourself? Why are you living all alone in this forest then? LORD YUN I have nothing to hide, I am not on the run from anything. Shui just laughs. SHUI You are. Lord Yun looks into the eyes of Shui. Then he turns around. LORD YUN Men, lock him up before he endangers anyone. The men nod and drag Shui off. FLASH BACK ENDS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY We see Lady Yun, choked with sobs, talking to her husband. LADY YUN God, for all the world, I hated you, I hated the man who wanted to protect me. LORD YUN You hated me for that? Who told you? LADY YUN He told me, Shui did. LORD YUN He told you that? When? LADY YUN Right after you let him out of the room, after you decided that a woman like me was the only one fit to judge both your fates. He felt indebted to me. A smile of sorts actually crosses Lady Yun's face at this moment. It is noticed that a very ugly, indescribable expression crosses Lord Yun's face at this moment, but it is very soon that it disappears. LORD YUN Well, I do not think that he told you the whole story at all. LADY YUN He didn't? Lord Yun shakes his head and looks into his wife's eyes. LORD YUN He didn't. FLASHBACK BEGINS INT. YUN ESTATE ROOM DAY Here is a room where we see that Shui is tied to a chair and over seen by two guards. One is carrying a whip, and the other a dagger. Shui is beaten and bruised, bare-chested at this point. Sweat is trickling all over his body. On the table in the room is a tub of wine, from which the dagger carrying guard drinks regularly. DAGGER-CARRYING GUARD Nothing like wine on a cool day, it warms the blood. He takes a sip from the tub of wine, and then lets out a long \"Ahhhh.\" He turns again to look at Shui. Shui is looking at the dagger carrying-guard intently. It is at this moment where Shui does not notice that he is whipped across the chest by the guard with the whip. GUARD WITH WHIP Talk, you hear? Who did you murder? Shui though, maintains perfect silence under interrogation. The dagger-carrying guard goes up to Shui and casually marks a notch in his skin while drinking wine. DAGGER-CARRYING GUARD I think a little wine may get him in the mood. He drinks another mouthful, and then spits the wine into Shui's wound. Shui grits his teeth, but does not scream. GUARD WITH WHIP He's not talking. DAGGER-CARRYING GUARD Well he never needed to talk, I pity our Master's judgment for taking in some vagabond of the streets like him. The other dagger-carrying guard picks up a chair off the ground and appears just about to smash Shui across his face. It is at this moment that we see the door to the room open. In steps a glowering Lord Yun. The guard with the chair is now caught by surprise, and he lays down the chair quietly. CLOSE UP on the chair's four legs as they touch the ground. Lord Yun walks up to the guard. LORD YUN What are the two of you doing? DAGGER-CARRYING GUARD We...we.. were just trying to stop him from escaping. He was attempting to. LORD YUN What were my instructions? DAGGER-CARRYING GUARD We were not to hurt him, Sir. LORD YUN Then how is it that you are behaving? GUARD WITH WHIP HE TRIED TO ESCAPE! Lord Yun is silent, then he takes the chair and smashes it right across the dagger-carrying guard's face, he collapses from the force of the hit. Lord Yun steps over to the guard with the whip, who is too frightened to retaliate, and simply, slowly, quietly, steps out of the room. Lord Yun shuts the door to the room slowly. Shui turns around and looks at Lord Yun. It is at this moment that we see that Shui breaks free of the ropes that have held him to the chair. Lord Yun registers a look of shock at this feat. SHUI I could have left, but I chose not to. LORD YUN Wha.? Why...why...did you choose to suffer like that? SHUI Because I realized that like me you wanted to protect those you loved, I am sorry for what I did. LORD YUN And you just allowed yourself to be hurt. SHUI Yes. But I want to tell you this: I am a murderer, and I am on the run. But that should not stop me from being able to see my son. It is at this moment Lord Yun kicks Shui violently to the ground again. LORD YUN If you could break those ropes, it just meant that you were more dangerous than I thought. The guard with the dagger turns out to have actually faked the faint. He gets up, as does the guard with the whip. They come into the room again. Lord Yun exits, leaving Shui to scream at him. SHUI YOU BEAST.! FLASHBACK ENDS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY Lord Yun caresses the face of his wife as he continues. LORD YUN Now you know why that night I sent for you. I wanted you to be my judge. (Beat) I had known till then that Shui himself may have been a murderer, but he was no ordinary man. I could not allow him to hurt anyone all the same. So what did I do? Everything I did in the room that night was staged by me, so that I could receive your judgment in its purest form. (Beat) I know there was nothing so much as a well-written opera that caught your fancy, my dear, and showed me your true feelings, that night what I performed was my own one-man opera. There is a moment of silence between husband and wife. Lady Yun's tears seem to dry for a while as she breaks into a smile. Then she laughs, not a merry laugh, but one that is slightly insane. Then she collapses into her husband's arms, and stays there. The couple are now in a spinning world, and one that has only the two of them in it. Lord Yun also gives an equally bitter smile for a while, and clasps his wife's head to his bosom. He looks up into the sky. Slowly we pull up from the couple...until FLASHBACK ENDS DISSOLVE TO: EXT. STREAM DAY The motley crew of swordsmen have now finished washing up, and are putting on their clothes and getting ready to move off. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER I think we would have to continue another day, or we may not continue at all, the day is running late. I think this will be all that I have to tell you, I hope you have decided for yourself what is best. (Beat) For me, I have decided not to return.what about you? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN A sad history underlies the Cloud Water Sword Style, I wish to hear no more of it, or become part of its legacy. I will take my leave too. The other fighters all seem to reply. OTHER FIGHTERS So will we. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER If Heaven allows, may we meet again! OTHER FIGHTERS AYE! Both groups take their leave. The bronze rod fighter heads off in one direction. The other fighters head off together in the same direction. There is only the flowing water of the stream and its gentle tinkle to accompany us. Slowly we move away from the stream and we see the depths of the forest, laid out before us in their quiet magnificence. FADE TO BLACK. EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY It is already morning and the sun is casting its light upon the mansion. INT. YUN ESTATE-GUEST HALL DAY This is the hall in the Yun Estate that has received guests for years. It is elaborately and lovingly decorated, shelves filled with books, and vases,and other treasures from all over the Empire. In this room we also see a Western-style mantle clock on one of the shelves. At the table in this hall we see the servants are busily serving up dishes in bamboo steamers on the table. There is also a large clay pot, in which contains some hot rice congee. It is then into this room that we see Shui and his handmaiden, they are in fresh clothes now. Shui looks elegant, charming and somewhat younger, now that he is also shaven, but is hard to ignore the various streaks of white in his hair that belie his age. His handmaiden, just bloodied and frightened the day before, is now much prettier,or at least she appears fresh-scrubbed. In one corner, with equally graying hair, sits Yun Xing Tong. We see that he is reading, and as he turns his head up to face the screen, we see that on his face is a pair of Western-style reading glasses, perched precariously on his nose. He smiles at Shui Liu Can, who appears rather taken aback by the fact that his friend is wearing glasses. Shui Liu Can is almost taken aback with laughter. SHUI LIU CAN Hah, you picked up those funny Western gadgets too. YUN XING TONG I have no choice, I have what is called farsightedness. SHUI LIU CAN Really, I can't tell that from the way you fight. YUN XING TONG Some things stay with you, I guess, my edge hasn't dimmed. Yun Xing Tong laughs, removes his glasses and tucks them into a metal casing. Shui Liu Can looks around the room, fairly awed at what he sees, then he and his handmaiden sit down to breakfast. Long years of wandering have not made Shui Liu Can too cultured at the dining table, we see as he grabs dumplings from one bamboo steamer, forcing them into his mouth, and using the ladle, scoops up huge helpings of rice porridge from the claypot into his bowl. His handmaiden starts laughing at her Master. YUN XING TONG You are embarrassing the young lady here, I say. SHUI LIU CAN Well, ha ha, I think she is used to it. It's the way that she always has seen me. YUN XING TONG Oh is it? The handmaiden giggles quietly and lifts her eyes up to Yun Xing Tong. HANDMAIDEN Yeah, that's the way he eats. YUN XING TONG Really, did all those years away make you lose your table manners? SHUI LIU CAN Not really, just made me realize how unimportant they could be. Shui Liu Can keeps stuffing buns and dumplings into his mouth while slurping porridge. He drinks the tea straight from the pot. Yun Xing Tong just smiles, bordering on laughing at the sight of this middle-aged man, seemingly prematurely aged with streaks of grey in his hair, and yet with the mannerisms of a child. He sees as he passes the teapot over to the handmaiden, who pours it into her own cup and drinks. The two seem to enjoy the breakfast tremendously, particularly Shui Liu Can himself. It is at this moment that something that the Handmaiden seems to have noticed all along, but has not remarked upon, starts commenting. HANDMAIDEN That Western clock you have on the shelf, Sir, it seems to have some problem. YUN XING TONG Oh really, what might that be? The handmaiden starts pointing to the clock that Yun Xing Tong has put on his shelf. HANDMAIDEN That clock over there, it seems to be spoilt. YUN XING TONG Really? I think I will go and check it out. Yun Xing Tong gets up from his seat. We see as he heads towards the shelf where the clock is placed. His back is towards his guests as he says this. The Handmaiden just nods, shrugs it off and continues eating. YUN XING TONG The clock is still moving. Then we see as Yun Xing Tong puts the mantle clock back on the shelf. We hear a ticking sound in the background, which lasts for a few seconds and ceases. He quickly walks back to the table. Yun Xing Tong sits down. SHUI LIU CAN Good, I don't know if my eyes were playing tricks on me, for a moment there it looked as though it had stopped. YUN XING TONG Your mind was not playing tricks on you, it was still moving. Shui Liu Can nods as he goes back to eating. The handmaiden, though, turns around and gives a look at Yun Xing Tong, before turning back. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY This is later in the day, after breakfast, Shui Liu Can, Yun Xing Tong and Shui's handmaiden are walking it off around the compound of the Yun Estate. SHUI LIU CAN By the way, I've noticed something. YUN XING TONG What have you noticed? SHUI LIU CAN I haven't seen the mistress of the house it be... YUN XING TONG It's been fifteen years since she died. It was a fever. A look of sympathy crosses the handmaiden's face. HANDMAIDEN You're a. YUN XING TONG (to the handmaiden) Yes, I'm a widower. SHUI LIU CAN I should have figured it out. My condolences. YUN XING TONG I have had time to get over it. Were you expecting to see her when you returned? SHUI LIU CAN I... Yun Xing Tong cuts him off. YUN XING TONG It doesn't matter. I buried her in the hills nearby. In the end, death comes to all. It's the time that is spent with them that matters. (turns to handmaiden) Young lady, you might like to know more about how your Master spent his days here. HANDMAIDEN Oh. YUN XING TONG Yes, in fact my father was his father's benefactor, your Master was a poor man who grew up without a mother. FLASHBACK BEGINS INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY We continue from the earlier flashback. LORD YUN That's good, the two of you should not fight.none of you should fight anyway. (Beat) Now let the two of you get to know each other, you're going to know each other for a long time. And laughing, Lord Yun walks out of the room. Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can look at each other. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN There is a reason why your father is telling us not to fight. YOUNG YUN XING TONG And why is that? YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN The reason is because soon, fighting each other is what we would have to do. And young Shui Liu Can says that with a smile. Young Yun Xing Tong looks at him puzzled. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURYTARD DAY In the courtyard we see that young Yun Xing Tong, Shui Liu Can and Lord Yun are waiting for someone. There is a sense of dead stillness hanging in the air. YOUNG YUN XING TONG Who are we waiting for? LORD YUN The man who will come to begin your new education. Young Shui Liu Can gives a sly look at Young Yun Xing Tong. YOUNG SHUI LIU CAN Now who might that be? Just then a shadowy figure leaps up onto the roof of one of the blocks in the Yun Estate. LORD YUN THERE HE IS! We see that the shadowy figure is easily, as one can tell, none other than Shui himself, wearing a mask to cover the various and sundry scars on his face. A cloak is draped around his shoulders. Young Yun Xing Tong looks up in awe. YOUNG YUN XING TONG Who is he? SHUI You shall call me Phantom Face! Shui/Phantom Face leaps down from the roof. SHUI/PHANTOM FACE Lord Yun, I am here! YOUNG YUN XING TONG Father, I didn't know you had such friends in the martial realm. LORD YUN Oh son, there are a lot of things you still don't know about me. They will be revealed to you. The two children run to Shui/Phantom Face and prostrate themselves in front of him immediately.. CHILDREN Please, start training us! Shui/Phantom Face nods. SHUI/PHANTOM FACE Good, fencing training will start warming up soon enough! (Beat) Now where is the lumber pile? MULTIPLE DISSOLVES: EXT. YUN ESTATE LUMBER PILE DAY The two children are hard at work trying to split as many logs of wood as they can. We see that Young Yun Xing Tong himself is slightly behind. He wipes his brow as he sees Young Shui Liu Can catching up. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY We see the two children using wooden rods that Shui/Phantom Face has improvised for them for their training engaging in basic but heated combat. The fight ends with Shui Liu Can winning. Then we see as Shui Liu Can smiles cheekily at Yun Xing Tong, then he says: SHUI LIU CAN See, I told you that we'd be fighting each other soon enough. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY It is here that we see a new character, an elderly zither teacher, guiding the children along in the art of playing the zither. He is doing so with both eyes closed. As the two children practise, we see that Shui Liu Can seems to have musical instincts as keen as that of those he has in martial arts. With his eyes closed, he has as an instinctive feel of hitting the right note as the old zither teacher himself. Yun Xing Tong, though, seems to have a little more difficulty in hitting the right notes on the zither, occasionally going off-key. We see the elderly zither teacher laughing as he sees this. DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE GUEST ROOM DAY We see on a chess table that young Shui Liu Can and young Yun Xing Tong are playing a game of Chinese chess. We see as young Shui Liu Can keeps trying to move his \"General\" piece around, which is being threatened by the pieces of young Yun Xing Tong. YOUNG YUN XING TONG Checkmate! Young Shui Liu Can finally sees that his own pieces have nowhere to go, and throws his hands up. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. GRAVEYARD DAY We see as Yun Xing Tong bows before his own mother's grave while dressed in grave mouring clothes. Shui Liu Can stands besides him. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAY We see as the two children and the adults both go hunting on horseback. Both Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can are now much older, comfortably leaving childhood behind and entering the teenage years. The adults are both chasing after a deer with their bows and arrows ready. Lord Yun lets fly an arrow. He misses. Shui/Phantom Face also lets fly. It hits close to the deer this time, but still misses. Young Yun Xing Tong attempts a shot at the deer himself. His arrow strays somewhat off-target. Young Shui Liu Can lets his arrow fly, it brushes just past the deer's head. Young Yun Xing Tong shoots another, it brushes past the deer's leg. It is at this point that Lord Yun shoots the deer and scores it in the leg. The kids and their dads let out a collective cheer. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST NIGHT In a clearing in the forest the grown-ups and the children are feasting on the deer. We see that carving up the deer is Lord Yun himself, who seems pretty effective with his hunting knife. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST NIGHT The grown-ups and the young adolescents head home by nightfall, and here we see that Lord Yun is pointing out the stars and naming the constellations to everyone. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE LILY POND DAY We see that Yun Xing Tong, Shui Liu Can and the handmaiden are now walking towards a pavilion overlooking a landscaped garden pond, filled with water lilies. YUN XING TONG So our days of youth passed. HANDMAIDEN Wow, the way that Master told me, I'd never have known it was so exciting. I just wish I could have a father the way the two of you had. YUN XING TONG Really, are you that poor a storyteller, Shui? I should have guessed, you never even told me that this handmaiden of yours was an orphan! SHUI LIU CAN Maybe I am. YUN XING TONG Well that is not the way that I remember you to be. HANDMAIDEN Well, how was my Master? YUN XING TONG He was quite the charmer. There was a girl whom the two of us both knew once, and she had the most beautiful name.it meant Daughter Among the Flowers. (Beat) Alas I never married her, she left me before I could. Your Master, could he charm her. It is at this point that we see a servant bring a Go board into the pavilion, and the two men start laying out the respective black and white pieces on the board. FLASHBACK BEGINS DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY We see the two young men, now comfortably into adolescence with their zithers ready, awaiting the elderly music teacher. The elderly music teacher enters at this moment, carrying his zither, and behind him is his daughter. The same girl that we saw picking him up with the umbrella, but now we see she is a teenager much like the two young men are. SLO-MO as she enters she turns her head and smiles. We see as she enters that the sunlight seems to follow her, entangling itself in her jet-black hair. SLO-MO again as she turns around and closes the door to the study behind her. As the zither teacher sits down, we see that his daughter sits diagonally opposite the two youths. She softly unfurls her sleeves and prepares to play the zither as well. Shui Liu Can smiles at her as she sits down. Yun Xing Tong looks at the zither teacher, whose name is Mr Hua. YUN XING TONG Mr Hua, who is this new student of ours? MR HUA Zhong Ai, my daughter. She is here to take care of my aging body. For a girl she is very skilled in the arts, I hope you can learn from her, and she from you. YUN XING TONG Hua Zhong Ai, Hua Zhong Ai, My Daughter Among the Flowers. MR HUA You are quite the poet. YUN XING TONG I have not told many people about this, but I always wanted to be a poet to some extent. Mr Hua laughs. Shui Liu Can grins. Hua Zhong Ai giggles. Yun Xing Tong and Hua Zhong Ai make eye contact. CLOSE UP on Yun Xing Tong's eyes. Then we see that there is also a Western-style pendulum clock in the study, that we have not seen up to this point. The ticking sound effect starts again as we see Yun Xing Tong gazing at Hua Zhong Ai. Then it stops. FLASHBACK The scene of just a few moments before flashes into Yun Xing Tong's mind again, Hua Zhong Ai walking into the room, and the sunlight seeming to follow her into it. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY Mr Hua takes a ruler and slaps it down on the table. MR HUA Yun Xing Tong, why are you having such difficulty playing today? Yun Xing Tong just looks sheepishly at Mr Hua. FLASHBACK ENDS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY Yun Xing Tong, Shui Liu Can and the handmaiden are now seated in the pavilion overlooking the pond with water lilies. YUN XING TONG Yes, I still remember it, the moment that girl came into the room, the sunlight just seemed to stream in with her. (Beat) I have never remembered any afternoon since where the sunlight was suddenly so dazzling. Then Yun Xing Tong turns to Shui Liu Can. YUN XING TONG Did you remember that afternoon? SHUI LIU CAN I think I did. YUN XING TONG She was a remarkable one, she made me recall some of the finest days of my youth when she stayed with us. I remember that day where both our fathers disappeared mysteriously for much longer than usual. And we just took time off. (Beat) Ah yes, those days of our youth, filled with so many illusions. I will tell you that your Master and I just could not get enough of Hua Zhong Ai at all. We schemed around her just so we could see her as often as we could.there was once your Master stuck me downtown just so he could be near her. HANDMAIDEN Just what were you doing stuck downtown? YUN XING TONG Well, I drank too much and fell asleep. FLASHBACK EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT We see the two strapping youths returning from their hunt, Shui Liu Can's horse is in the front, and Yun Xing Tong's in the back. As they come near, we see that Yun Xing Tong's horse, albeit fine, is already somewhat tired. With good reason that it is dragging the carcass of a medium-sized bear. The two youths get off their horses. Yun Xing Tong just lays the bear across his shoulders, he seems to carry it effortlessly. As the two men approach the mansion they see Hua Zhong Ai still waiting for them there. HUA ZHONG AI Wow! Look what the conquering heroes dragged in! SHUI LIU CAN Oh he may be strong enough to carry it, but he is not as fast as me! That bear I shot with my bow and arrow. Hua Zhong Ai claps for Shui Liu Can as well. HUA ZHONG AI Aha, so we have two great warriors here as well! YUN XING TONG Hah, well we would see who is the great warrior here soon enough. I would like to ask you, would you be able to carry this bear too? SHUI LIU CAN No, why would I do anything stupid like that, look at you, carrying a poor dead animal on your shoulders like that? Yun Xing Tong is so angry he throws the bear down on the floor. YUN XING TONG HEY, I am asking if you're strong enough, and that's all! SHUI LIU CAN You are strong enough to do the dirty work, and that's all that matters! Hua Zhong Ai is laughing at this spectacle. HUA ZHONG AI The two of you, just too funny! Hua Zhong Ai walks down to the two youths. And in the moonlight, Yun Xing Tong catches a glimpse of her features. YUN XING TONG You are not quite Chinese, are you? HUA ZHONG AI No, I am not. Mother is Uighur. And I have lineage that goes all the way back to the border, where they are not above inviting guests to interbreed with their wives, meant of course, to prevent incest. Hua Zhong Ai giggles at this point. YUN XING TONG I knew it, I realized your features weren't very conventional. HUA ZHONG AI I am not too sure what kind of blood flows in me. YUN XING TONG It doesn't matter either. I am a Manchu noble by birth, my ancestors claimed this land as their own. And yet now they read the Confucian classics, in the Central Empire, we all drift and change. Yawn. I'm tired, and I think you are too. Let's all go to sleep. Yun Xing Tong retires to his quarters. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY Yun Xing Tong is practicing swordplay on his own in the courtyard. Nearby he sees a servant, carrying the water he needs to wash himself up every now and then. YUN XING TONG Excuse me, servant, it's been two days since dad and the teacher both went away. Where did they go? SERVANT I have no idea, young Master, your father went to visit a friend, that was all that he told me. YUN XING TONG Sigh. Hope he comes back soon enough. He's never been away for so long before. It is at this moment that Shui Liu Can rushes in and joins Yun Xing Tong. SHUI LIU CAN Hey, brother! You know, both our dads are not here at this point, do you suppose we could take this chance to. Shui Liu Can takes Yun Xing Tong aside. YUN XING TONG What is it that you want to talk to me about? SHUI LIU CAN You know, I see you practicing the sword every day, and I myself am starting to sicken of it! I suggest these few days we go into town, enjoy a bit of the good things, you know what I'm saying? YUN XING TONG Yeah. SHUI LIU CAN Great, because from the way you behave around Hua Zhong Ai, I can see that you don't get around often enough, it's unhealthy. The woman has got you in her grip.You need to go to town, break free. Come back a new person. YUN XING TONG WHOA, you're saying... SHUI LIU CAN That's right. EXT. TOWN---RED LIGHT DISTRICT DAY Yun Xing Tong is walking through the red light district, this though, is no ordinary red light district, but arguably the upmarket section of the place, and he is doing so dressed in his finery. Shui Liu Can is guiding him along, both men are dressed in their best finery. YUN XING TONG How did you end up knowing so much about this place? SHUI LIU CAN This is the reason why your father demands I stay separately from you! The two of them come in front of one house that appears to be bustling with clients. SHUI LIU CAN I will tell you this, there is one that will find worth your time around here. Just then the voice of the courtesan pops up. COURTESAN(o/c) I am here. Shui Liu Can and Yun Xing Tong both turn around. They see the courtesan just standing behind them, she is indeed pretty, and yet somewhat ghostly. COURTESAN Now that you're here, what are you waiting for? The courtesan grabs Yun Xing Tong by his hand and drags him into the brothel nearby. YUN XING TONG Whoa Shui, looks like you picked a pretty good one, you comin'? SHUI LIU CAN Later! Shui Liu Can just waves Yun Xing Tong off. Then the moment that Yun Xing Tong has left, he quickly runs off. INT. BROTHEL DAY The courtesan drags Yun Xing Tong by his sleeve up the stairs while snuggling up to him. COURTESAN We are going to have such fun. It is at this moment that out of one of the Brothel rooms Yun Xing Tong sees that an old man with one leg and carrying a crutch is hobbling out, a rather pretty courtesan following him and helping him. A look of disgust, almost awareness, comes over Yun Xing Tong's face. He turns to the alluring courtesan with him. YUN XING TONG No, I don't think we should continue, I am going to change my mind. COURTESAN Why not? YUN XING TONG I don't know, I just don't feel like it. COURTESAN Just come with me. She takes Yun Xing Tong into the room, and shuts the door behind. EXT. YUN ESTATE-GATE DAY We see that Shui Liu Can alone has returned to the mansion, and he has done so on horseback. INT. YUN ESTATE-DRESSING ROOM DAY In the mansion, Shui Liu Can finds that Hua Zhong Ai is already ready to greet him as he enters, and we see that she is dressed in the garb of an Uighur dancer, and carrying a small hand- drum with her. She rattles some of her small, delicate fingers on the hand-drum. Shui Liu Can smiles. EXT. YUN ESTATE PAVILION DAY We are now at the pavilion by the pond filled with water lilies. In the pavilion itself we see that Shui Liu Can is down, with the zither on his knees. SHUI LIU CAN I want you to dance. Hua Zhong Ai nods, and then starts dancing. She dances elegantly and beautifully, in that moment one would have thought that one was looking at the very personification of a gentle spring breeze itself. INT. BROTHEL ROOM DAY Yun Xing Tong is splayed out on the bed itself, and under the sheets the courtesan, now stripped down to her undergarments is attempting to ride him hard, but we see that he is still refusing. She tries to kiss him, but he wouldn't let her. Then she sighs, like someone who realizes that she has been shortchanged. COURTESAN You're not much fun, not like your friend said that you would be. YUN XING TONG I am weak, it's true. The Courtesan laughs. COURTESAN Weak? Nah, you're quite a man, from what I see. Just need to have more fun. YUN XING TONG I am weak, for I view love too strongly. The courtesan laughs. COURTESAN Love, is not the illusion of it good enough? YUN XING TONG I guess it's not good enough when you want to be a poet. The courtesan just laughs at all this, and gives Yun Xing Tong a pinch on the nose, to which he laughs bitterly. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. STREETS DAY Yun Xing Tong walks on the crowded streets, alone. Around him the world whizzes by, while he looks down at his feet. CLOSE UP on his face. We see as he closes his eyes. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT In his flashback, Yun Xing Tong has his lovely moonlight vision of Hua Zhong Ai. She smiles at him. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. INN DAY Yun Xing Tong enters this inn and approaches the counter. YUN XING TONG Did you see my friend, we rode in earlier in the day. COUNTER GUY Yes, he left some time ago already, back on his horse. YUN XING TONG WHAT? COUNTER GUY Yes, he hurried back for some reason. He wanted me to pass the message on to you, that he hopes you had fun. The counter guy smiles. YUN XING TONG Get me my horse, I must leave. EXT. FOREST DAY Yun Xing Tong rides his horse at a quick gallop through the woods. EXT. YUN ESTATE PAVILION DAY We see that Shui Liu Can is still playing the zither while he watches Hua Zhong Ai dance. Then we see as his playing of the zither gets more and more intense. His fingers travel faster and faster over the strings. Then with a heavy twang, he stops. Shui Liu Can looks up at Hua Zhong Ai, who smiles gently at him. HUA ZHONG AI Thank you, I missed the frontier. That dance reminded me of the place. SHUI LIU CAN My pleasure. Just then at this moment one of the house servants comes up to meet Shui Liu Can in the pavilion. HOUSE SERVANT Shui, there is someone who wants to see whoever's in. SHUI LIU CAN I will go meet him. Shui Liu Can gets up, carrying his zither and follows the servant. EXT. YUN ESTATE GATES DAY At the gates of the Yun Estate we see a stranger, he is dressed like a typical gentleman of the period would. The heavy gateway door opens, and Shui Liu Can peeks out. SHUI LIU CAN Who is this? GENTLEMAN Are you the Young Master of the House? SHUI LIU CAN No I am not. But I am his friend. How can I help? GENTLEMAN I saw the Master a few days ago, I have personal information to give to him. SHUI LIU CAN Well, he is not in at the moment. GENTLEMAN Well then, I shall come back another day to this estate. Good day. The gentleman leaves as quickly as soon as he arrived. Shui Liu Can closes the door, there is a worried expression on his face. Then he turns around. At this moment Hua Zhong Ai has seen him, and she looks pretty pained herself. HUA ZHONG AI What's wrong? SHUI LIU CAN Nothing, someone just came looking for the Master of the House. HUA ZHONG AI Which reminds me, where's Yun Xing Tong, you seen him? SHUI LIU CAN No, I haven't. EXT. FOREST DAY We see as Yun Xing Tong hurries at a gallop through the forest, when all of a sudden, he sees the strange gentleman who popped up at the mansion just now. The gentleman waves at Yun Xing Tong. He stops his horse. GENTLEMAN Excuse me, heading for the Yun Estate? YUN XING TONG I am the Young Master of the House, why? GENTLEMAN Your father seems to have been gone for days, any idea where he's been? YUN XING TONG No. GENTLEMAN Good, when he is back tell him to contact me, I am staying at an inn in town. This is my calling card. He will know all about me. The gentleman hands a piece of cloth with a bamboo rod painted on it to Yun Xing Tong, who keeps it within the folds of his coat. Then he heads off through the woods himself. But then he turns back to speak to Yun Xing Tong. GENTLEMAN Young Master Yun, I have something to tell you in the meantime. Yun Xing Tong turns his horse around. YUN XING TONG What is it? GENTLEMAN You have a friend who from what I gather, appears to be something of a ladies' man. YUN XING TONG Is that so? Yun Xing Tong lets out a short laugh and continues to gallop through the forest. FLASHBACK ENDS DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY It is at this point that we know that Yun Xing Tong did not relate the exact version of what happened to the Handmaiden, but rather his own pared- down, understated version of things. The two men are still at their game of Go. Yun Xing Tong is continuing his narration. YUN XING TONG Your Master always had a gift for music, helped him charm nearly everyone he met. Me, I was always better at silly things like chess, and Go. We see that Yun lays his final piece on the board. YUN XING TONG Well, what did I just say there? I lost! Not bad, not bad at all. Shui Liu Can looks at the pieces on the board. SHUI LIU CAN But.you could have won. Yun Xing Tong looks down at the board. YUN XING TONG Oh really, I did, so I did. Yun Xing Tong leans back and continues narrating. We slowly close in on his tired face. YUN XING TONG Well, Hua Zhong Ai was a remarkable young woman. Maybe it was all those strange strains of blood that flowed within her. Maybe it was all that bloodlines from the frontiers...but one thing we knew was that as youths we were ready to do anything for her. As he speaks we continue to DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE GUEST ROOM NIGHT In this guest room we see Shui and his handmaiden, and there is a very tense mood between Master and Servant right now, not exactly the kind of thing we would expect to come between a Master and Servant, but rather a married couple. YUN XING TONG (cont.) Anything at all. We see as the handmaiden is shouting at her Master, rebuking like a wife would a wayward husband. HANDMAIDEN Well, I may be a young girl, and you may say that I am inexperienced in the ways of the world, but I know what is going on. You have come here not to meet an old friend, you have come for revenge. SHUI LIU CAN You are only partially right. I have come for revenge against the man who is my friend. (Beat) I have awaited this moment for years.twenty years.longer than you have lived. This will be the greatest battle of my life.it is either that I win this one or that I die. If I win, we will be free. (Beat) And if I die, you will be free. HANDMAIDEN I don't understand, if I were you I'd let your friend go, he is one of the saddest men I have ever seen. SHUI LIU CAN Really huh, what makes you think that he is a SAD man? HANDMAIDEN The way he spoke, it was for me to hear, not just you. He wanted me to know that he had already lost the greatest love of his life and that he was suffering enough for it. Shui Liu Can kneels in front of his handmaiden and grasps her by her hands. SHUI LIU CAN I tell you, I want you to see what is going to happen over the next few days or so..I want you to see how far I am willing to go... It is at this moment that we see Shui start crying. SHUI LIU CAN I promise you, all this will be over soon enough, then we will be out of here. The handmaiden casts a steely glare into Shui Liu Can's eyes. HANDMAIDEN I want to be out of here now, I have no wish to stay here. Shui Liu Can stands up. SHUI LIU CAN You don't understand, it will not be long before this is over. HANDMAIDEN NO, I want out of this right now, I cannot stand any one more moment in this estate. It is at this moment that the Handmaiden grabs her two swords in their scabbards, puts them on and backs up against the door. SHUI LIU CAN What do you think you are doing? The handmaiden unsheathes both her swords and strikes a ready stance. HANDMAIDEN I am getting out of here, that's what. Right after I find out some things. And don't try to stop me. SHUI LIU CAN This is not the time. HANDMAIDEN Yes it is, I would not stay a moment longer in this house. Her Master grabs his own sword by the sheath, and grips one hand around the handle. We see that his grip is tight, but he is not willing to unsheathe the sword. She looks at her Master, and sees that he is powerless in front of her. She smiles, almost cruelly, and bolts out of the door. EXT. YUN ESTATE CORRIDOR NIGHT The handmaiden heads down the corridor, her feet patteringly stealthily and quietly, until she reaches a door and opens it. INT. YUN ESTATE-GUEST HALL NIGHT The handmaiden enters the guest hall quietly, leaps onto the rafters above, and starts crawling her way across them. Just then we see another figure enter the hall. We do not see the figure clearly in the dark, then he approaches the area where the moonlight is pouring in, and we see that it is Yun Xing Tong himself. Apparently he is unable to sleep and is walking around the compound as result. We see as he walks towards the shelf where his various books, as well as the Western-style mantle clock is. He goes to that shelf, takes up the mantle clock, looks at it and then puts it back. We see then that he heads in another direction, towards another room in the house. Up on the rafters, the handmaiden heaves a big sigh of relief. The handmaiden swings down from the rafters, takes a look at the mantle clock itself. CLOSE UP: We see the time reads 9.25 or somewhere in the vicinity. She takes the clock, hides it in her dress and is about to leave the room. Just then we see as two figures enter the room very quickly, and one of them locks it from behind. The figures are none other than Yun Xing Tong and his Squire. The Handmaiden draws her swords immediately. SLO-MO: We see that in a series of lightning-quick gestures, Yun Xing Tong has already drawn his sword, blocked her twin swords and with one hand, is proving stronger than as using his single sword he spins her twin swords around three times fast before twirling them out of her hands. The swords slide across the floor, where the Squire collects them. Yun Xing Tong moves the point of his sword up to where it is within inches of her throat. Then he pulls it back. YUN XING TONG Tell me what you are doing out here at this moment. The handmaiden is trembling as she stands, frozen to the spot. HANDMAIDEN I could not sleep. Yun Xing Tong's squire trails equally shadowy behind him. YUN XING TONG Come with me, I know you do not wish to be around your Master. That is right. You should not be here. HANDMAIDEN I know.I did not want to see my Master come back to a person who has already lost enough. YUN XING TONG I should have known, you are an orphan, you know what it is like to lose everything. HANDMAIDEN Indeed, I know that Hua Zhong Ai, whoever she was, was that great love of your life. When she went away it must have broken your heart, like it probably did my Master's as well, which must be why he left, you settled down into an arranged marriage as a result, it was not a happy one, but you tried to make do, and then the Mistress of the House died, and now you are alone. I completely understand how that feels. YUN XING TONG Oh really, is that so? HANDMAIDEN Yes, I do. YUN XING TONG You are so right, and yet so wrong. (Beat) And I suppose you were looking at the clocks for some reason? What was that for? Were you trying to steal those clocks? In front of this man though, the Handmaiden is still unwilling to out the truth. HANDMAIDEN Well, I sensed that something was wrong with those clocks, though I believe that my mind is playing tricks on me. YUN XING TONG I do not think your mind is playing tricks on you, I think you knew what was going on since you came.you are a smart little girl. (Beat) Tell me what you noticed. HANDMAIDEN The clocks.they seemed to be. She takes out the clock, and indeed, the hand is still stuck in the vicinity of 9.25. HANDMAIDEN (cont.) Is there another clock nearby? YUN XING TONG Sure. Yun Xing Tong leads the Handmaiden out of the room. INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY This is the study where once Yun Xing Tong, Shui Liu Can and Hua Zhong Ai studied. It is now choked with cobwebs, evident that it has not been opened in years. HANDMAIDEN This is... YUN XING TONG The study, where your Master and I once played the zither and chess and Go.now find what you want. The handmaiden walks over to the huge pendulum clock in the corner, whose face is still shrouded in the dark at this point. As she walks near to the face of the clock we finally see what it is that she has suspected all along. CLOSE UP on the clock that she holds in her hand, the small mantle clock. Then CLOSE UP on the face of the clock that stands in the study. We see that both clocks are indeed, still in the vicinity of 9.25. She looks around at the state of the once-bright study. As a soft night breeze blows through, we notice that some of the cobwebs attached to a table in the study are stirring.apparently this whole place has not been cleaned at all in years. She looks up at the clock again, and sees that indeed the clock has not moved one bit. Then she turns around to look at Yun Xing Tong. HANDMAIDEN Yes, I knew it, all the Western clocks in this house have stopped, why? YUN XING TONG I have something to show you. EXT. YUN ESTATE BEDROOM NIGHT Yun Xing Tong brings the handmaiden to a bedroom that he has apparently shut off from the rest of the house, just like the study. His squire has brought along a lantern. YUN XING TONG This is the bedroom of the Mistress of the House. He unlocks the door with his own key, and opens it. YUN XING TONG (to Handmaiden) Come in. And inside is another room that is as dirty as the study that once was the place where he played Go, Chess and studied music with his lifelong friend. There is a small study desk by the window, which is at the end, and a bed, whose curtains are now gathering dust. And in a corner stands another of the Western-style pendulum clocks, which have forever stopped ticking in the vicinity of 9.25. And on the walls hang various scrolls of writing and poetry. The Squire uses his candlestick to light some other candles in the room. Yun Xing Tong guides the handmaiden over to one of the scrolls of poetry, and shows her one of the seals on it It is a seal featuring some Chinese characters, that the handmaiden is able to read. HANDMAIDEN Hua Zhong Ai. She turns with tears in her eyes to Yun Xing Tong. HANDMAIDEN I...I knew it. Hua Zhong Ai was the Mistress of the House, wasn't she? Yun Xing Tong nods. HANDMAIDEN So, that's the time she died that is shown on the clocks? YUN XING TONG Yes, that's it. HANDMAIDEN No wonder I sensed it.time has stopped in this place.Sir Yun, you must have really loved her...and yet why did you say that she went away before you married the Mistress of the House. YUN XING TONG Because the Mistress of the House was no longer the same woman that I fell in love with, but even then I still loved her. Handmaiden looks deep into Yun Xing Tong's eyes, and finds that he seems as hard and cold as a slab of marble. HANDMAIDEN What happened.? YUN XING TONG I think you know, you're going to be a woman yourself. But I want to tell your Master something; on the last night she was alive, she called out my name before she died. SQUIRE I know. YUN XING TONG How did you know? SQUIRE Hear it from the older servants all the time. YUN XING TONG Very well, I suppose I don't need to keep it anymore. She died while I was taking my Imperial Civil Service Examinations. For one week or so the best doctors were trying to heal her, but none of them could do a thing though they said that they tried their best. Maybe it was that she herself wanted to die. So she willed herself into it, and no one could stop her. (Beat) So what could I do? I gave the order that all the clocks in the house be stopped. It was the best way to hold a funeral service for her. HANDMAIDEN Why were you not by her side, Sir Yun? She was the greatest love of your life till then. YUN XING TONG Why? Does it matter anymore after all these years, after all when all this happened you probably were not even born yet! The handmaiden stays quiet. So does the Squire. Yun Xing Tong has silenced them both with his harsh demeanor. Yun Xing Tong sighs and then goes over to the desk, where a book has been left open, and one of its pages dog-eared. YUN XING TONG And this is what I noticed after she was gone.this book, a classic, \"Journey to the West\". Evokes fantasies of worlds that never were and never will be. In it there is one page that is dog-eared. That page will provide the clue to our next destination. (Beat) Right now, that is where we'll be going. The Squire nods and opens the door to the room. Just then we see that standing outside is none other than Shui Liu Can himself, sword drawn. SHUI LIU CAN All right, did you think I did not notice what you were up to? YUN XING TONG Of course not, if you heard that all the better, I wanted your handmaiden to pass on her last words to you at first. SHUI LIU CAN Look, it has gone far enough, this was not what we agreed upon, but if it must end now it must! YUN XING TONG Do not forget, your handmaiden is with me. SHUI LIU CAN (to Handmaiden) Come on, come back with me, you don't belong here. I will settle this score once and for all and we will leave. YUN XING TONG She knows it all by now, you have arrived too late. SHUI LIU CAN(to Handmaiden) So you know it all by now, don't you? He told you all about the Mistress of the House? HANDMAIDEN I already know enough about everything. Now he wants to take me to know more. YUN XING TONG She is right. Now since you have come so far, allow us to leave, and where we are leaving is probably somewhere you can guess. Yun Xing Tong holds up the copy of \"Journey to the West\" that he has in his hand, and throws it behind him. Shui Liu Can readies to fight. HANDMAIDEN No, Master! SHUI LIU CAN If it doesn't end now, when shall it? Shui Liu Can swings his own sword across at Yun Xing Tong, who draws out his own equally quickly and parries it. YUN XING TONG Squire, take her out to where she must go! The Squire nods, then he grabs the Handmaiden by her hand and prepares to make a run out of the window. HANDMAIDEN No, I must stay.I can't leave. SQUIRE Come on, it's what you wanted, right? The handmaiden turns back, with some more tears in her eyes, and she nods. She and the Squire both head out of the window. The two men clash, whirl and separate, then they clash again, both men staring each other down while their blades are firmly pushed against each other. The two men step out of the room. EXT. YUN ESTATE CORRIDOR NIGHT The two men enter the corridor, and there they start clashing. This is a clash between master combatants, in a flurry of swords the two men trace out arcs in the moonlight as they encircle, face off and chase each other along the corridor's length. Then we see that they leap out of the corridor, and tumble into the courtyard itself. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT The two men engage in an ever-intensifying fight. We see that Shui Liu Can is the faster, nimbler combatant, but Yun Xing Tong is stronger. But it is a very slight difference, both are almost an equal match for each other. The two men approach the middle of the courtyard where we see that their fighting gets fiercer and fiercer. But it is not long before we see that the two men are showing a mutual appreciation of each others' increased mastery over the years that they have not seen each other. But for a fight between old enemies, it is soon apparent that the two combatants appear more and more unwilling to kill each other. Far more unwilling to kill each other than when they started to fight. Several times both men have their swords pointed at each others' necks, and yet withdraw and resume combat as if nothing had happened. The first to do so is Yun Xing Tong. YUN XING TONG I did not know twenty years would take you this far. Whatever determination that Shui Liu Can already had to destroy his foe at the start of the fight has also started to dissipate into even though not glee, at least a kind of a sense of consensus with his friend/foe. SHUI LIU CAN I return the compliment. The two men stop fighting at this point, and then slowly and cautiously, sheathe both of their swords. When they are fully sheathed, Yun Xing Tong starts to speak. YUN XING TONG Let's save the fight for when we want it. You and I both know that. If you are the man that I think you are, you would know where I have told my Squire to take your Handmaiden to. SHUI LIU CAN Do you think I know? YUN XING TONG I believe that you will know. See you there. Yun Xing Tong turns around, makes a run for the compound wall of his mansion, and then leaps over it. Shui Liu Can just stays behind, but we see as a look of determination forms on his face. EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see a lone horse on which the Squire and the Handmaiden are seated, running through the forest at night. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. WAREHOUSE NIGHT This is an old warehouse at the edge of town. We see as the remnants of the battle the day before enter the warehouse. INT. WAREHOUSE NIGHT Inside the warehouse, we see that a clandestine meeting is taking place. At four chairs, seated are four martial arts clan bosses, flanked by their bodyguards. The remaining warriors from the battle, led by the ascetic, enter the warehouse together. The bosses are bosses LIN, SHA, HU and TANG. One of the bosses, BOSS LIN, is the first to speak. BOSS LIN You guys came back empty-handed. The Ascetic Swordsman in the lead nods. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Yes, we did. I did. It wasn't right to fight any more of those two men any longer. BOSS SHA Really, did you think we assembled that entire team of mercenaries just to have the few remaining return empty-handed? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Yes, sometimes it's best to give up. It is at this moment that we see Boss Tang point an accusing finger at Boss Sha, BOSS TANG You hired this man! Now you see what you've done! BOSS SHA I saw how good he was, how was I supposed to know that he was going to turn tail on us like that? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN He saw only my expertise and little else. He also that I could work for free. (Beat) But I will only get the job done if I consider my target worthy. As for these two great swordsmen, whose history is but one of sorrow and loss. I have no wish to take up the sword against them just to inherit their fighting style, I will not let their bad karma rub off on me. BOSS SHA You still dare to say that! BOSS HU Stop arguing, all of you, let's just get rid of him and mount another new attack! I have my remaining reserve forces readily available. This time we must get our hands on the secret of the Cloud Water Sword Style that their fathers pioneered, and that they perfected! BOSS LIN Agreed to that! BOSS SHA(to Ascetic Swordsman) Take your leave, we need you no more. ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Then take my leave I shall. The ascetic swordsman turns to take his leave, the remainder still stay. Just then we see that a new figure enters the warehouse. It is a hooded figure, we do not see the weapon that he is carrying, just that it is wrapped in a silken cloth package. The bosses stand up and greet the newcomer collectively. BOSS SHA If it isn't the Mastermind himself, we welcome you. HOODED FIGURE Wait a minute, where do you think you are going? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN The bosses don't want to employ me anymore. HOODED FIGURE Really, is that so? Why might that be? ASCETIC SWORDSMAN Just because I told them I would work for free, I did not tell them I also worked only for my honor. HOODED FIGURE Is that so? (to the Bosses) You are a fool to have decided to fire this man. This is the kind of man I was looking for. BOSS LIN What do you mean? HOODED FIGURE I meant that there is no recorded text, no recorded manual at all of the Cloud and Water Sword Style at all. BOSS SHA WHAT? But it was you who told us that there were! It's well-known all over the martial realm. HOODED FIGURE That is only a myth, I will tell you the real history of events here. FLASHBACK BEGIN EXT. FOREST DAY In a clearing we see that two men have both arrived, carrying their respective swords. The two men are none other than Lord Yun and Shui. LORD YUN Are you ready? SHUI Yes, I am. The two men draw their swords and immediately fly into a fast and furious duel with each other. After a series of clashes, the two men's blades separate. They assume their respective offensive stances while encircling each other and staring each other down. LORD YUN You know why I brought you here? SHUI Because you did not want to see the Imperial Court finish me off, now that they're onto me and you? LORD YUN Exactly. I would prefer that we be our own judges, and not the court. But this is the price we must pay for letting each other into our respective lives. I am sure you know that. Me, a noble of the Manchu class. You, a wanted criminal. You know well that we don't belong in each other's worlds, and only one can be left standing in the end. SHUI Indeed I do. The two men suddenly leap at each other and meet again in another series of clashes. As they fight across the clearing, the leaves beneath their feet start stirring, as if being blown by a cyclone. We see that so far Lord Yun is mainly on the defensive, while Shui is on the offensive. They fight to the edge of the clearing, where we see that Shui seems to have pinned Lord Yun into a corner, and Lord Yun is painstakingly parrying the blow from Shui's sword. The two men are already sweating profusely. LORD YUN Tell me, what would you tell my son if you killed me now? SHUI I would tell him that you were a great man, and I would raise him as my own. LORD YUN And do you think that I would do the same? SHUI I would do better to think that you would. Finally Lord Yun manages to gather enough strength to deliver a kick to Shui, sending him careening backwards. Shui makes a forward rush again, and Lord Yun comes on fast. Lord Yun delivers a blow with his free hand, causing Shui to fall to the ground, then we see as he comes down fast, reversing his grip on the sword handle so that the sword cannot be pointed outwards, and now holds the blade at Shui's neck. Right now he is stuck in a pose that is like a one-armed push-up with one arm holding the sword at his opponent's throat, and the other arm holding down Shui's arm that has held the sword. Shui's sword is to the side and against Lord Yun's restistance.he brings it up to the back of Lord Yun's neck. Lord Yun moves his hand up to Shui's wrist, tightening his grip and trying to force Shui's arm away. The two men are at a tense holdoff right now, one move and any of them may end up dead. CLOSE UP on both their eyes, whose lashes are being coated in sweat. Sweat is already covering every inch of their faces at this point. Using his free hand Shui starts pushing on Lord Yun's body. Slowly he brings himself up to a semi-standing height. SLO-MO: We see as Shui starts a wild body spin, taking Lord Yun along with him. The two men spin almost as one through the air, and while in mid-air we see as Lord Yun finally musters enough strength to twist Shui's arm to the side. SLO-MO: Lord Yun makes a slash at Shui's neck, but we see that Shui delivers a body blow to him fast enough that the slash narrowly misses. The two men separate in mid-air and while there, engage in a series of clashes there as they spin through the air. The two men land, Lord Yun on his back, and Shui standing up. Lord Yun leaps to his feet and then starts taking on the offensive in a series of powerful slashes. Shui reverses his grip again and closes in for a series of equally powerful parries. The fight accelerates meteorically, with the attacks from both sides getting more and more intense by the second. While their swords go at each other their feet are engaged in an equally intense duel of leg sweeps. Lord Yun is strong and steadfast, with the composure of a military man, but Shui himself is turning into a whirlwind, spinning around fast and increasing the intensity of his attacks. Within split seconds, Shui changes his positions from standing to kneeling, each time with attacking the top and lower halves of his opponent's body in mind. Lord Yun's defense now grows increasingly difficult. Then finally we see that in a parry too slow by milliseconds, Lord Yun's abs are slashed across by Shui. Lord Yun falls to the ground, still alive, but heavily injured. Shui does not deliver the killing blow at this point. But stands instead sympathetically, over his opponent. LORD YUN Kill me, you know what to do. Shui shakes his head. SHUI No, I am not ready yet. I'm still not ready to tell your son. Shui bends over and helps Lord Yun to his feet. Then Lord Yun pushes Shui aside. LORD YUN I do not need your help. SHUI No, you do. Get down and rest. Shui lays Lord Yun on the ground, and takes out some ointment that he has brought with him, and with that, proceeds to attend to the wound. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAY The two men are now headed once again across the forest path. Shui is dragging Lord Yun along on a makeshift stretcher comprised of two lengths of wood tied together by part of his outer garments. NARRATOR(v/o) That one duel was the basis for the myth of the Cloud-Water Sword Style, which the myth accorded to a series of duels between the two men, a series of exchanges of skill, through which they grew in power and passed that on to their children. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. CLINIC DAY At a small roadside clinic we see as the doctor bandages the now-profusely bleeding Lord Yun, and casts his eyes at Shui, who doesn't seem to care one bit. NARRATOR (v/o cont.) But that was the only formal duel the two of them ever had. And the only thing that had grew from the time they first met, they realized now, was their powerful sense of respect for each other. They would not be friends, but their bond ran deeper than most friendships. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAY Lord Yun and Shui continue to ride along a forest path, laughing as they talk to each other. LORD YUN Do you think I would turn you in to the Imperial Court? SHUI No, not at all, or so I hope. NARRATOR (Cont.) But at the same time, another set of bonds was woven between their children. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY CAPTION: THREE WEEKS BEFORE THE DUEL This is a training session between Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can, both young men are holding their practice staffs and engaged in a round of intense combat. Shui, in Phantom Face Mask, is watching over them. From the side we see that Hua Zhong Ai herself is watching the two of them fight. There is a hint of a smile on her face. We see as this fight progresses, Yun Xing Tong himself gains the upper hand over Shui Liu Can, and finally floors him. Hua Zhong Ai laughs when she sees this. Yun Xing Tong twirls his practice staff proudly. It is at this moment that we see Shui Liu Can himself get up as well. Hua Zhong Ai at this moment praises Shui Liu Can openly. HUA ZHONG AI Bravo, Shui Liu Can, it takes a hero to fall a great adversary, but an even greater one to stand up from a fall. SHUI/PHANTOM FACE Well said, young lady! That is what I want my students to know. Shui Liu Can smiles and in his fashion, winks cheekily at Yun Xing Tong. It is at this moment that we see another figure enter the frame. It is a man who we have not seen before, he is of average height, slightly taller than Hua Zhong Ai. Hua Zhong Ai lets out a cry of joy as she sees this new man. We see as Hua Zhong Ai goes forward and gives him an affectionate hug. She smiles sweetly as she hugs him. Then she pulls back and looks in his eyes. HUA ZHONG AI Brother, you're here, where have you been? This man is her brother HUA YAN QIAN. We see as Hua Yan Qian hands something on his back to a servant, we do not see what it is because it is wrapped in cloth. He gives a quiet nod. Then he turns to his sister again. HUA YAN QIAN All over the world. These years traveling far and wide have indeed been eye- opening. I plan to write a book about it. He hugs his sister for a while again. Then he looks at the two young men who are resting in the courtyard and helping themselves to a large vat of water. Shui Liu Can sees Hua Yan Qian. SHUI LIU CAN Hey, who is this? You didn't tell us you had this man in your life. HUA ZHONG AI He's my brother, a born wanderer, it seems to be an inherited trait in our family. SHUI LIU CAN Greetings then, how long will you be staying? HUA YAN QIAN Not for long, I will be leaving soon. It is at this moment that we see a large crate being carried into the house by two men. The two men are being extra careful with the crate. YUN XING TONG Did my father order another clock? One of the porters, WANG, nods. WANG Yeah, your old sir seems to love all these gadgets. Hua Yan Qian's eyes seem to sparkle as he sees this. HUA YAN QIAN Western clocks? I have seen so many on my travels, the port in Macau for one. I would like to see this one. Come, let me help you. Hua Yan Qian comes forward and starts helping the porters with the clock. INT. YUN ESTATE BEDROOM DAY We are in the bedroom that Hua Zhong Ai will later die in. The two porters have laid the clock in the corner and have by now unhinged the crate, revealing the exquisite pendulum clock within. HUA YAN QIAN This is a fine Western clock. Great workmanship. There are many more where this came from. Your father likes all this Western stuff? YUN XING TONG I guess he does. HUA YAN QIAN Now have you ever tried something, bend down and look at the pendulum. Yun Xing Tong bends over and stares at the pendulum. We see that in the pendulum his face is reflected. CLOSE UP on his eyes as they move back and forth with the pendulum. The pendulum moves back and forth, back and forth. Then we see as Hua Yan Qian hits Yun Xing Tong on the back, causing Yun Xing Tong to experience a rude shock. He screams. Hua Yan Qian laughs. HUA YAN QIAN Hah, you really felt like you were going into a trance there, weren't you? YUN XING TONG Guess, guess I was, heh heh. HUA YAN QIAN I tell you about these clocks, you can look at those pendulums just swing all day. Got you there, didn't I? Hua Yan Qian slaps his hand on Yun Xing Tong's back. Yun Xing Tong just laughs sheepishly. It is at this moment that the teacher, Mr Hua himself, enters, along with Lord Yun. MR HUA My son, so you have managed to find me on your travels! HUA YAN QIAN Indeed I have, father. MR HUA Greet your host here, this is Lord Yun! Hua Yan Qian greets Lord Yun. LORD YUN Well I never knew you had a son. MR HUA I have, but he often prefers to wander to strengthen his art, it's almost a tradition in our family. We almost always can't stay still. It's rare that such an occasion can be enjoyed by all of us. It is then noticed that Lord Yun's expression turns very grave for a while, and then he looks at Mr Hua. LORD YUN Well I see that your son may enjoy his stay here tonight. MR HUA Yes, of course, of course. (to Hua Yan Qian) Son, offer your thanks to Lord Yun here. LORD YUN No need to. Lord Yun just nods and smiles. But it is noticed that Hua Yan Qian casts a very ugly look at Lord Yun. Then he turns to his own sister. HUA YAN QIAN Take care. Then he leaves the room. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. WAREHOUSE NIGHT The four other mob bosses are growing impatient as they listen to the hooded figure. BOSS LIN So why are you telling us about this Hua Yan Qian? He has disappeared from the martial realm these days. HOODED FIGURE Patience, all will be revealed in time. (Beat) That was a fateful day, it turns out that Mr Hua had met with Lord Yun to in fact, discuss but one issue...three weeks later it would be revealed. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY This is the day where Yun Xing Tong was abandoned at the downtown brothel. We now revisit the same bit of dialogue that we passed over early on. HUA ZHONG AI What's wrong? SHUI LIU CAN Nothing, someone just came looking for the Master of the House. HUA ZHONG AI Which reminds me, where's Yun Xing Tong, you seen him? SHUI LIU CAN No, I haven't. HUA ZHONG AI Don't tell him about this yet, but this is what I wish to tell you. (beat) My father, he wants me to marry Yun Xing Tong. SHUI LIU CAN What? HUA ZHONG AI He was just tired of our family being such poor wanderers, and wanted to settle down. Lord Yun agreed to being his benefactor all the way.and as he wishes, will marry me to Yun Xing Tong in the future.it's already agreed upon. Just right before Yun Xing Tong goes to the Capital for his Imperial Exam, we would have our wedding. SHUI LIU CAN WHAT? HUA ZHONG AI Yes, it's true. Don't tell Yun Xing Tong as of yet, but I want you to know this: we already cannot afford to be together for much longer. SHUI LIU CAN Look, if it was any other man who allowed this,I will not let this stand. You and I, we are kindred spirits, not you and Yun Xing Tong. Hua Zhong Ai does not reply. Shui Liu Can continues. SHUI LIU CAN I will tell you this, Lord Yun is also the benefactor of my father and I, we would be nowhere today without him. If you are to be married to his son, and my friend, I can only wish you the best. Hua Zhong Ai nods. Then a smile crosses her face, it is a bright, happy smile. HUA ZHONG AI I guess then I should be happy with what I have, right? SHUI LIU CAN Exactly. The two of them go their separate ways after that. EXT. FOREST DAY Yun Xing Tong is galloping fast on his horse, on his face a mix of anger and bewilderment. In the distance he sees the Yun Estate, and gallops even faster to reach there. EXT. YUN ESTATE GATEWAY DAY Yun Xing Tong raps the door knocker hard. The gate to the mansion opens, one of the servants greets him. SERVANT Master, you're back. YUN XING TONG Get my horse to the stable, did anything happen while I was gone? SERVANT Just a gentleman came looking for your father, Shui Liu Can saw him off. One of your father's acquaintances, I guess. Yun Xing Tong nods. Yun Xing Tong enters the mansion. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY Yun Xing Tong stands in the frontal courtyard of the mansion, and looks around. YUN XING TONG Shui Liu Can, where are you? You think I don't know what you have been up to? You're wrong! It is at this moment that Shui Liu Can emerges from one of the houses in the mansion itself. SHUI LIU CAN Brother Yun, glad to see that you are back, how was the trip? YUN XING TONG Why did you leave me downtown? SHUI LIU CAN Leave you? You did not seem like you wanted to leave, you overslept in there for all I know. Yun Xing Tong hisses through gritted teeth, YUN XING TONG So I did, so I did. Shui Liu Can just laughs and comes forward. SHUI LIU CAN Come on, Brother Yun, there is nothing wrong with a man to indulge in illusions of desire, it is what a man runs on. YUN XING TONG Tell me, what did you do with Hua Zhong Ai while I was not around? SHUI LIU CAN I played the zither for her, nothing more. She was bored. Yun Xing Tong nods. YUN XING TONG You were always a better zither player than I. I would have been the wrong person to entertain her, I guess. SHUI LIU CAN Very good, so now it's time to tell me how you were entertained! The two young men head off together. We see through a crack in one of the folding doors that Hua Zhong Ai has beheld all this. Then she closes the doors, and the narration kicks in as we DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see Lord Yun coming home through the forest, tired, and his wound bandaged but still hurting, he knocks on the door. NARRATOR (v/o) Then that night, both fathers came back, and their children never saw anyone as tired and wounded as they were at that point. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT In the front courtyard we see as a servant opens the gate for Lord Yun, but he pushes the servant aside and continues to walk. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. SHUI'S HOUSE NIGHT We are now at the small house where Shui Liu Can and his father stay in the middle of the forest. Shui returns back, a rather sad expression on his face. Shui Liu Can ushers his father in as he opens the door. As Shui enters, he turns to his son. SHUI Son, let me rest. I am tired. SHUI LIU CAN What happened? SHUI Don't mind it now, but I think you may not see your father for much longer. SHUI LIU CAN Come on dad, you're just tired. Shui Liu Can leads his father over to his small straw bed, and lays him down there. DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE MASTER'S STUDY NIGHT We are now in the Master's Study, and here we see Yun Xing Tong seated with his father. Yun Xing Tong shows his father the cloth with the bamboo rod painted on it. YUN XING TONG Father, do you know whose this is? LORD YUN Of course I do, this is the symbol of the Imperial Detective, \"Bamboo\" Jin! Well what do you know, he's found us at last. YUN XING TONG What do you mean, are we criminals of any sort? LORD YUN No my son, we are not criminals of any sort at all, I will go to clear our name with this \"Bamboo\" Jin immediately. YUN XING TONG He says he is staying at an inn in town. LORD YUN Great, let's go to see him. EXT. FOREST NIGHT Father and son are riding through the dark forest at night, holding torches, and Yun Xing Tong is stammering as he asks a question. YUN XING TONG Father, how did you cope along ever since Mother left us? LORD YUN What do you mean? YUN XING TONG I mean, how did you deal with the loss of the great love of your life? LORD YUN Well I just coped somehow. YUN XING TONG Do you suppose men try to make do with the illusion of love when love fails them? LORD YUN Tell me son, why are you asking this? YUN XING TONG I think you know, father. Lord Yun sighs. LORD YUN You're a better man than I. YUN XING TONG You mean... LORD YUN Yes, I can tell. Well, let's not talk about this for now. INT. TOWN INN GUEST ROOM NIGHT Yun Xing Tong and his son enter a large guest room, a grand suite, and in it we find none other than \"Bamboo\" Jin, seated at a chair. Two guards are already standing at the door. BAMBOO JIN Ah, I see you have got my message, please be seated. LORD YUN I know you wanted to see me, for what purpose? BAMBOO JIN You see, Lord Yun, you know who I am, I am an undercover enforcer, and I have been tracking down this criminal for years. He once led a revolt during a period of flood and famine againt the corrupt local officialdom. LORD YUN If those in power force the people to revolt it is their own doing. I heard that they were reduced to the eating of tree bark. BAMBOO JIN That I know very well. LORD YUN And yet you insist on his capture even after that event has passed for somewhat more than two decades? BAMBOO JIN It is my duty. This man then was known as the \"Water Ghost\", and he led the peasants in a storm through the local official residence. The area in which they lived was devastated as a result of this revolt and the looting and pillaging that ensued. Damages to the local infrastructure were irreparable. LORD YUN I see. You know his real name? BAMBOO JIN That I do not know. LORD YUN I think I know who you are talking about. I have in fact, kept him alive all these years for you to capture. BAMBOO JIN Really? LORD YUN Indeed, a man by the surname of Shui tried to find refuge for himself and his pregnant wife some years ago, and I took pity on them and took them in. (Beat) But you know, I never suspected he might actually be a wanted man. BAMBOO JIN Well, he is, and there is a huge reward for his capture. Yun Xing Tong witnesses all of this wide-eyed, unable to speak, and in horror. LORD YUN Indeed, I have decided that I should take you to him, after all, I have provided him with residence all these years. What's in this for me? BAMBOO JIN One thousand gold pieces. LORD YUN Very good...you'll keep your promise. BAMBOO JIN I will. Yun Xing Tong can only look on flabbergasted at his father's sudden change of heart. His father turns to him. LORD YUN Come on, let's go. EXT. FOREST NIGHT Lord Yun, Yun Xing Tong and Bamboo Jin are seated on their horses, behind them follow a group of around twenty or so men. POV shot from horseback: In the distance we see none other than the house where Shui Liu Can and his father dwell. The three men and their entourage stop outside the small house. The small house, though, remains silent, there is nothing from within. LORD YUN Shui, I know you are in there, so come out, I'm sorry this has had to happen, but it looks like I have to turn you in for your own good. From within the house we hear as Shui speaks. SHUI Really, huh? Looks like I have no choice then. LORD YUN That's right, come out then Then there is silence. The wind blows softly over the heads of the characters. The night is congealed in a moment of stillness. BAMBOO JIN He is still not coming out. LORD YUN I know. Give him time. Then we see the door creak open, and Shui steps out slowly, he is followed immediately by his own son. SHUI LIU CAN No, father, it's a trap. Don't walk into it. Shui just smiles as he and his son walk towards the men waiting for them. BAMBOO JIN Ah, handing yourself over now, eh? SHUI Indeed I am. SHUI LIU CAN Father! It is noticed that Shui Liu Can at this moment casts a very ugly look towards Yun Xing Tong, who just shakes his head in exasperation. SHUI Don't worry, it's about time I paid for certain crimes of mine anyway. Shui takes out the \"Phantom Face\" mask from within the folds of his shirt and throws it on the ground. Yun Xing Tong's eyes widen in shock. BAMBOO JIN The Ghost indeed, as of today it means that all of the key instigators of that peasant revolt are now brought to justice! LORD YUN And where's my reward in that? BAMBOO JIN Your reward will come in good time. It is at this moment that we see Lord Yun remove his sword and in one firm stroke, a slash appears across Bamboo Jin's chest. Bamboo Jin slumps down on his horse, apparently dead. The surrounding men are still shocked to see what happened It is at this moment that we see Lord Yun force his horse into a gallop. The men start to flee out of the way from the rampaging horse and its rider. Lord Yun shouts out to his son. LORD YUN Go back and save Shui! By now the soldiers have regrouped and are chasing after Lord Yun. Yun Xing Tong turns his horse around and rides forward to Shui. Shui leaps onto the horse, and they turn around and gallop off. Shui Liu Can looks on, and decides to rush into the action anyway. Taking a sword of his, he rushes into the mass of soldiers, and with one fell stroke kills two of them. SHUI Good, but not good enough, boy! Catch! We'll meet at the Yun Estate later! Shui throws his own sword towards his son, who grabs it and distracts the Then he turns around to face his opponents. EXT. FOREST NIGHT A spear pierces the side of Lord Yun's horse. It is thrown by one of the soldiers, and the others give a cheer as they see it. CLOSE UP on the head of Lord Yun's horse, in its eyes reflected an indifference towards the world. Lord Yun though struggles to pick himself up as the troopers close in on him. Then we see as he pulls the spear out of the horse's side, and then starts running while the thirteen remaining soldiers close in. The first one to catch up nearly with him we see has his sword raised and is about to attack when we see that Lord Yun slashes him across. The remaining twelve hurry, Lord Yun runs one through and slashes another. One opponent with a whip hurls it at Lord Yun, but Lord Yun manages to free up one hand in time to grab the end of the whip and with a pull, drags the man to the ground. Then he starts running with the others chasing him. EXT. FOREST NIGHT Lord Yun runs some more, and then we see as a wooden log bridge runs ahead of him. Lord Yun leaps onto the hollowed-out wooden log bridge, then one by one the soldiers come at him. Lord Yun does not even need to skewer these guys at all, for most of them he settles it with a butt of the spear shaft hard enough to make them lose balance, and most of them fall into the river. Some already lose balance even before facing Lord Yun. The last one sees this, and he is prepared, he takes a flying leap across the wooden log bridge, sword aimed at Lord Yun. Lord Yun deflects the blow with the spear, but the spear is slashed into two, the last soldier slashes across, causing one more wound to cross Lord Yun's abs. Lord Yun drives the splintered end of the spear into the soldier's body, and then drives the spearheaded end into it as well before flinging the corpse into the river. Then clutching his wound, Lord Yun finally heads across the hollow log bridge. EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see TOP DOWN that five of the soldiers are surrounding Shui Liu Can, one apparently stronger than the rest. They have stared each other down for some time by now, and Shui Liu Can, two swords in his hands, is already in a ready defensive pose. Shui Liu Can kills around four more soldiers all at once in a series of rapid body movements. The last soldier comes on to face Shui Liu Can, cartwheeling towards his opponent and then delivering a kick. Shui is thrown back, then holding his twin swords backwards, whirls both blades towards his opponents, who fends them off with his bare hands, then we see as the opponent dodges one slice, reaches into his boots for a short dagger with which he then lunges at Shui. Shui parries the blow from the dagger with one of his swords and then with a final slash, kills him. Then he starts running to catch up with the others. EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see as Yun Xing Tong and Shui reach a clearing while on their horse. It is now quiet. YUN XING TONG I think we've lost them finally. SHUI Good, now we can head back to the Mansion. It is at this moment that Shui suddenly sees that we see one figure on horseback comes thundering through the forest, the figure is dying, but he still manages to mount his horse pretty well. As he wanders into the moonlight we see that it is none other than Bamboo Jin.who unfastens his shirt to reveal he is wearing body armor underneath. BAMBOO JIN Treated bamboo, among the finest and most versatile armor in the world. Hence my name. Your father wielded a good sword, Yun Xing Tong, but not good enough. SHUI He wants me, I'll settle this myself. I offer myself to you, Bamboo Jin, take what you will. After all, you have pursued me for very long. Shui stretches out his arms, leaving himself fully exposed. BAMBOO JIN You are not kidding, are you? SHUI No. BAMBOO JIN Very well then. Bamboo Jin prepares to kill Shui by drawing his weapon of choice, true to his name, a hollowed-out bamboo rod with a sharpened end. He readies the weapon for the thrust, and then just as he is about to run through Shui, we see that a silvery blade cuts its way through Bamboo Jin's chest. CLOSE UP as the blade intersects with the bamboo rod, and slices all the way through it. The blade then pierces Bamboo Jin's body, as though the treated bamboo armor were nothing but paper. Then we see what has happened. Yun Xing Tong has killed both of them in one stroke. Then at this moment we see Shui turn his head back. SHUI Well done, young man, your father couldn't pierce that armor well enough, you could. YUN XING TONG You wanted this, right? SHUI Yeah, I can't think of any better way to die. Then we see as his voice weakens and he shuts his eyes. Bamboo Jin is also near his dying breath. BAMBOO JIN He's right, you are better than your father. Then he dies, for real this time. Shui just stands there in the middle of nowhere, looking down at the corpses of the two men in their morbid embrace. He draws his sword out from the corpses. Then he stands there, just staring in shock at his handiwork. Then almost instinctively, he turns around, and sees that nearby are his own father, and Shui Liu Can himself, who have both come to meet him on the way back. They also look down at the two corpses in shock. Shui Liu Can realizes that one of them is his own father, and as he raises his eyes to meet Yun Xing Tong's we see anger and hatred reflected in them. Yun Xing Tong just sputters out his best explanation. YUN XING TONG I wanted to save him, but he just stepped into the fray. EXT. GRAVEYARD DAY We see now Yun Xing Tong, Shui Liu Can, Lord Yun and the Hua family all gathered here in front of Shui's grave. Hua Zhong Ai tries to comfort Shui Liu Can, who is crying. HUA ZHONG AI Your father knew what he had to do. LORD YUN He was an extraordinary man. Come on, let's go. We have paid him our last respects for this \"All Souls\" Festival. It is at this moment that we see that most of the crowd turns back, except for Yun Xing Tong and Hua Yan Qian, who are left contemplating a while longer at the gravestone. HUA YAN QIAN Are you telling Shui something? Yun Xing Tong does not answer. HUA YAN QIAN(cont.) Or is he telling you something from beyond? Then we see as Hua Yan Qian leaves the place. Yun Xing Tong is left behind. Then we see as his father calls out to him. LORD YUN Tong-er! Come back here, why are you still standing there? Yun Xing Tong just turns back from the gravestone. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. WAREHOUSE NIGHT The hooded figure has just finished telling the backstory to the four gathered mob bosses. HOODED FIGURE So you see, Shui Liu Can's father died without even compiling a complete manual or founding the basis for any new branch of martial art. I was one of the key spreaders of the rumor that there was a manual for the Cloud- Water Sword Style. The hooded figure takes the cover off his package, only to show that it is a bronze rod, now broken in two. He tucks one end of the bronze rod around his waistbelt, and the other he holds in his hand. Then he removes his hood to show that he is in fact, the old Bronze Rod Fighter. The Ascetic Swordsman, as well as the others, are taken aback by this sudden turn of events. HOODED FIGURE And do you want to know why I spread that rumor? Because it was all part of my Master plan, as all of you were part of my Master plan. BOSS HU What? So you tricked all of us into this? HOODED FIGURE Indeed, I wanted to see how far the two of them would have come when they met again, after the incident that tore them apart. BOSS SHA But what for? HOODED FIGURE To gauge their strength of your hired men, and the strength of both Yun and Shui. When I stood there and shouted, I merely but wanted to separate those who would have the courage to go with me as opposed to those who don't. And when I let all those men die by the sword, I but wanted to see how good those two have become. And they have not disappointed me. These men that have returned are indeed some of the finest warriors today, for in beholding two of the greatest warriors I have known and in feeling the sorrow that comes with greatness, they have shown their noble spirit to me. They are not cowards nor reckless. BOSS LIN So there was no money to be made in this at all? HOODED FIGURE Not at all, all of you were but my pawns. BOSS TANG How dare we as clan bosses be dishonored such? Guards, get him! The four clan bodyguards snap to attention immediately and rush forward to apprehend the Bronze Rod Fighter. With single blows of the bronze rod the old Bronze Rod Fighter falls all of the guards. Then he calls out to the Ascetic Swordsman. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER You there and your pals, take care of these four bosses and we're off! The four bosses have already jumped up from their seats and are preparing to run away, heading for the back of the warehouse. But we see as the Ascetic Swordsman and three of his companions just takes a flying leap forward and kill their selected targets. Then they turn back to the old Bronze Rod Fighter. The Bronze Rod fighter reaches for one of the boxes in the warehouse, smashes it, and reveals inside similar \"Ghost\" masks to those worn by Shui as a rebel leader. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER You will wear these masks, and you will come with me, and we shall all return as ghosts from there. The Ascetic Swordsman nods, as though he understands the full impact of the words. EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see a lone figure hurrying through the forest, it is none other than Shui Liu Can himself, now dressed in wraparound ninja gear. He is hurrying through the forest fast. SHUI LIU CAN He better not have touched her. EXT. WATERFALL NIGHT This is a small waterfall in the middle of the forest. Around it all appears to be still. Then we go THROUGH the waterfall and see that behind it is a SMALL CAVE, this is the WATER CURTAIN CAVE underlined in Hua Zhong Ai's copy of \"Journey to the West.\" INT. CAVE NIGHT In the cave stands Yun Xing Tong and his Squire. There is a small lamp with them. The Handmaiden sits on the ground. YUN XING TONG What a nice quiet place. Here we shall wait. HANDMAIDEN This is the \"Water Curtain Cave\" that the Mistress underlined in her book. Yun Xing Tong nods. HANDMAIDEN So you are saying that my Master and the Mistress of the House actually... YUN XING TONG Even that I do not know. But this is the test. SQUIRE You expect him to find us? YUN XING TONG Of course I do, he has never been one to disappoint. HANDMAIDEN Look, you're making me scared, what, what is this place? YUN XING TONG Oh no nothing much at all...but before all this I want you to know why your Master had to leave the the martial realm for so long. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT We see Hua Zhong Ai, Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can together. Hua Zhong Ai is flipping through a book of Chinese astrology. Then as she reads them she starts looking through a beautiful bronze telescope on a stand. HUA ZHONG AI Wah. We see that she starts smiling as she sees the stars up close. HUA ZHONG AI(cont.) The stars tonight...they are so beautiful. Shui Liu Can takes the book of astrological signs and looks at it, before peering into the telescope himself. SHUI LIU CAN Would you look at that! HUA ZHONG AI What is it that you see? SHUI LIU CAN Those stars are the Cowherd, the Weaver Girl and the Herald Fairy! Look! Hua Zhong Ai looks through at the stars through the telescope and lets out a cry of ecstasy. HUA ZHONG AI God, it is those stars! YUN XING TONG Come on, what do you suppose is the point of seeing two lovers up in the sky? It's popping in on a date. Hua Zhong Ai and Shui Liu Can laugh at this remark from Yun Xing Tong. SHUI LIU CAN Did you ever wonder why the Weaver Girl never chose someone else? And instead chose someone she could only meet once a year? I mean she was the fairy Princess of Heaven, and among all mortals there was so many to choose. HUA ZHONG AI I suppose that's what true love is like: it need not always be about being together, but it's even more about looking out and waiting for each other no matter what. I like that. YUN XING TONG Those figures of legend have eternity to wait, most people don't. The other two laugh as they hear this remark as well. YUN XING TONG (cont.) I'd rather not wait, but I would take what it is that I can have for the moment and savor it. To me that is love. HUA ZHONG AI I find it very amusing that those stars are turning you into the poet you always wanted to be, Yun. You never seemed like much of a poet to me. YUN XING TONG Oh really? Hua Zhong Ai nods. Then we hear Yun Xing Tong's voiceover, during which the scene dissolves to: EXT. FOREST DAY We see Yun Xing Tong, Hua Zhong Ai and Shui Liu Can on their horses for a hunting trip in the winter. As they move through the forest they are laughing and talking excitedly to each other. YUN XING TONG(v/o) I can remember how those years after the death of your Master's father affected us all. It drew all of us closer. And in that period, Hua Zhong Ai, your Master and I became almost inseparable. Then they see a hare hopping through the snow. HUA ZHONG AI Why don't one of you try to get that hare, then we'll roast it. SHUI LIU CAN Yeah! Now you're talking! Shui Liu Can and Yun Xing Tong both start off on their horses in pursuit of the hare. After chasing the hare for a while, Shui Liu Can is against the first to shoot the hare again. The hare twitches for a moment as the life drains out of him, and then he dies. Yun Xing Tong looks on in exasperation as he sees his near miss of an arrow. Then Hua Zhong Ai comes from behind, cheering as she does so. Yun Xing Tong looks at the eyes of the dead rabbit. They stare back at him with a distant, aloof indifference. Yun Xing Tong's POV: we see as an image of SHUI is SUPERIMPOSED on the rabbit. Then it disappears. By that moment Shui Liu Can has already gone forth and carried the rabbit up in his arms and displays it to Hua Zhong Ai as though it were a trophy. Yun Xing Tong just looks on, and in his eyes we can see that this is a changed man. We then see as Hua Zhong Ai takes the dead rabbit as though she was receiving a gift. And we see as she congratulates Shui Liu Can like an elder sister to a younger brother. Then she strokes the dead rabbit gently, as though it was just sleeping. YUN XING TONG(v/o) Even before I married her, I had already never met anyone who responded as completely and as naturally to things as Hua Zhong Ai. She could deal with death. MONTAGE: EXT. FOREST DAY This is the forest in the midst of winter, we see Hua Zhong Ai walk toward some plum blossom trees, whose flowers are still in bloom despite the weather. She exhales a slow cloud of smoke, and looks serenely at the blossoms. YUN XING TONG (v/o cont.) At the same time, never was there such awareness of life in any person that I knew. From a tree nearby, we see as Yun Xing Tong himself watches. YUN XING TONG (v/o cont.) Everything that she saw, she entertained with the simple joy of a child, that was one aspect where I admit I would lose out to her and your Master. On a shot of the blossoms, which are still in bloom, and appear as though in their own way smiling, the image of Hua Zhong Ai and Shui Liu Can is SUPERIMPOSED. We see as Yun Xing Tong turns back. DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY DAY We are in the study of Yun Estate, and here we see as Yun Xing Tong himself enters, and comes face to face with his own father, a man who has seemed to age overnight since we last saw him. YUN XING TONG Father, did you see that just now? LORD YUN I did. YUN XING TONG Did you mean everything you told me? LORD YUN I did, Hua Zhong Ai is already yours at this moment, no doubt about it. Her father had approved it, it is just a matter of time. YUN XING TONG Then why is it that her heart seems to belong to Shui Liu Can? And not to me? LORD YUN It does not matter, so much as it does matter that everything about her will soon belong to you, my son. And then what part of her will not belong to you, my son? YUN XING TONG You don't understand, father, she will never fully belong to me. LORD YUN Conquerors do not possess what they own. Remember that. Yun Xing Tong remains silent. LORD YUN I have already arranged your marriage to take place shortly before you go to the Capital for your Imperial Examinations. I am sure that by now you have prepared for it well enough, return with full honors, and I will be assured that the future of the family is in good hands. (Beat) Time will take care of Shui Liu Can, just like it took care of his father. Yun Xing Tong concludes, a hidden tremble of anger in his voice. YUN XING TONG Very well, I shall go practice for it. Lord Yun nods, not detecting at all the trembling rage in his son's voice. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAY In the forest, we see as a red mark has been drawn on the trunk of a tree, and that arrows are being fired into it. With a top-down shot we see that standing fifty paces from the tree is in fact none other than Yun Xing Tong. Then we see that Yun Xing Tong is the one firing the arrows, and doing so at an extremely rapid rate. One after another, he nocks the arrows from his quiver to his bow, and fires them off one after another in rapid succession. We see as an increasingly large number of arrows hits the mark on the tree trunk. The arrows hit their target with amazing accuracy, all of them within close proximity of each other. Then finally, with a spent quiver of arrows, Yun Xing Tong takes a breather. There is a look of great satisfaction on his face. His breath forms a white cloud as he heaves a sigh of what can be considered relief. We now see the entire quiver of arrows embedded in the trunk of the tree. It is now that out of the corner of his eye that Yun Xing Tong sees another entity, probably a hallucination. It is none other than Phantom Face. Yun Xing Tong realizes that his arrows are spent as he sees the apparition. Then the apparition slowly disappears. YUN XING TONG (v/o) I knew for one that she was not worth me, one who was tortured by what were only imaginary foes, by my own past, by my own deeds. She was not tortured by any of her own. She did everything, and what she did, she did with no regrets whatsoever. I realized that on the last hunting trip I took, shortly before I would leave for the Imperial Examinations. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAY Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can are riding through the forest. They see a deer, and begin chasing after it. Both men's horses are very close at the beginning. Then we see as Shui Liu Can's horse somewhat slows down, as Yun Xing Tong's hurries forward. Yun Xing Tong does not notice as he chases the deer, with his arrows trained perfectly on them. The first arrow narrowly misses as the deer leaps over a small rock. The second hits the flank of the deer. Yun Xing Tong spurs his horse on even more, as the deer still keeps trying to run despite its bleeding dry. At this moment the ecstasy of hunting, of triumphing over the conquest, takes over Yun Xing Tong completely, and he is too happy to notice. Then at this point an arrow whizzes past him and embeds itself in a tree trunk nearby. Yun Xing Tong pulls his horse to a stop. He spots the arrow shaft and realizes that he has narrowly escaped death. He turns back and does not see anyone behind him. Then he gallops his horse back straight away. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. WATER CURTAIN CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong, the Handmaiden and the Squire are just as they were when we left them. YUN XING TONG I never saw who shot the arrow that day, but it could only have been your Master. The Handmaiden listens on, wide-eyed. YUN XING TONG I could just imagine the way that he knocked the arrow to his bow. He continues in voice over as we FLASHBACK EXT. FOREST DAY We see Shui Liu Can with the arrow firmly in place. YUN XING TONG (v/o cont.) As was only fitting of a warrior of his skill... Then we see as he lets his arrow fly. YUN XING TONG (v/o) And let fly far enough for me to not immediately notice... Then we see as the expression on Shui Liu Can's face slowly turns to fright as he realizes that his arrow has missed. SHUI LIU CAN But it was pure luck that he missed...pure luck. We see now as Shui Liu Can turns back on his horse and gallops off fast. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong shakes his head. YUN XING TONG I pity him in a way, that someone of his skill could fail just like that.what a near miss! The Handmaiden looks at Yun Xing Tong with a mix of disdain and pity. HANDMAIDEN You are a sad man, you are a sad, sad man. I am sorry about how my Master made you. YUN XING TONG So I am, huh? What about your Master? Let me tell you he didn't have it that good either. The Handmaiden looks fiercely into Yun Xing Tong's eyes, yet tears are running out of her own. HANDMAIDEN Tell me about it. YUN XING TONG Good, I will also never forget how it was when I came back to the mansion. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY Yun Xing Tong hurries back to the mansion on his horse. There he finds that something has changed about the place, it is strangely empty. He enters through the gate. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD DAY He finds the place inside equally deserted. He tiptoes around the place, and there seems to be no one. Almost instinctively, he begins running around and shouting aloud. YUN XING TONG Hua Zhong Ai, are you in there? EXT. YUN ESTATE CORRIDOR DAY We see as he starts running across the corridor, and then he turns into where the main hall is, and there he sees that Hua Zhong Ai sits there, reading something. Her face is turned away from him. Yun Xing Tong calls out to her. YUN XING TONG Did you see Shui Liu Can anywhere? Hua Zhong Ai turns her head to Yun Xing Tong. And we see that even though her face remains as bright and intelligent as it once was, her complexion seems much more pale and flushed than usual, as if there is something that she is afraid to say. HUA ZHONG AI No. Yun Xing Tong just stands there. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST NIGHT We see a large group of men, mansion guards, led by Lord Yun and his son, as they carry torches, racing through the forest. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. TOWN SQUARE DAY Outside the magistrate's court we see that some of Lord Yun's servants are putting up WANTED posters for Shui Liu Can. DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE MAIN HALL DAY Hua Zhong Ai turns around and sees as Yun Xing Tong returns from outside. HUA ZHONG AI Did you manage to find him yet? Yun Xing Tong is silent. HUA ZHONG AI You haven't? YUN XING TONG I haven't. He must have run away. Then she turns around and then closes the book that she is reading. And then she puts it back on the shelf, and leaves the room. Yun Xing Tong takes it down from the shelf, and sees that the book's title is: PEOPLE AND PLACES OF CHOSON. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong looks at the Handmaiden as he finishes his tale. YUN XING TONG You were from near the Korean border, were you? The Handmaiden nods. YUN XING TONG Ah at least there was one promise that he could keep, your Master. He fled to Choson, or as close to there as he could. HANDMAIDEN So the Mistress of the House conspired to murder you with my Master? Is that all true? YUN XING TONG It does not matter what is true or not anymore, it just matters what it is I think. (Beat) He never told you about it? Then it may not be true, but yet he ran away all the same. And as for Hua Zhong Ai, I gave her what she wanted exactly. HANDMAIDEN And what was that? YUN XING TONG I never spoke to her, never again. We were married, but never did we have a ceremony. I went off to take my Imperial Civil Service Examinations. HANDMAIDEN And she died during that period, right? YUN XING TONG Indeed, she died then. (Beat) Well there was something else I did not tell you. FLASHBACK BEGINS INT. INN DAY We see Yun Xing Tong studying when the door is opened, and a courier brings in a letter, YUN XING TONG(v/o) I had received notice of her worsening health way before she died in the letters that were sent back to me, all written by my own father. We see as he takes out another piece of paper and starts writing in reply. YUN XING TONG (v/o) It was already then that I gave the orders that all the clocks in the house had to be stopped when she died. But at any rate, I swore to myself that I would not speak to her, not even until the moment of her death. When he finishes writing, he looks up, a cruel yet sad gleam in his eyes. FLASHBACK ENDS INT. CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong smiles sadly at the Handmaiden. At this moment the Squire's face is flushed in rage. SQUIRE But you never told anyone about this. YUN XING TONG I wanted to keep it a secret, but soon there is no need for such a secret anymore...because soon the reason for all this will be avenged. HANDMAIDEN My Master... YUN XING TONG Yes, and he will come here, and honor his promise to finish to me off like the true warrior that he is.and I know he will come for one reason. HANDMAIDEN What? YUN XING TONG You. The handmaiden just laughs with a sense of ridicule at Yun Xing Tong. HANDMAIDEN Nonsense. I am just a servant girl, what will he have to come to me for? YUN XING TONG Just a servant girl? Let me tell you I know your Master better than you have the right to suspect that I do. (Beat) You are pregnant with his child. This catches the handmaiden entirely by surprise. HANDMAIDEN How did you... YUN XING TONG Know? Could there have been a more powerful driving force in his life, perhaps, to this day, than the fact that a new life was awaiting him to shake off his old one? I doubt it. The handmaiden starts to break down, crying as she does so. YUN XING TONG The fool, the pitiful fool. He couldn't even keep it secret if he wanted to. It is at this moment that the Handmaiden actually finds a steely resolve she had that was not there before. HANDMAIDEN You are wrong, he is not a fool, you are. YUN XING TONG What do you mean? You realize how he came to be known as, your Master was a coward, and he IS a coward! You cannot change that! HANDMAIDEN He may be a coward, but you have not yet heard from me. YUN XING TONG Oh how do you judge him? HANDMAIDEN I...I...love him.that is all I can say. Yun Xing Tong slowly stands up and laughs insanely. YUN XING TONG You love him? That is all you can say? HANDMAIDEN That is all I can say, I cannot say the same for you. Yun Xing Tong lets out another burst of insane laughter. YUN XING TONG I should have known better than my father to let a woman judge me! HANDMAIDEN You do not understand, you won't realize that he made me feel more loved than anyone in a long time. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. PLAINS DAY Across the wintry plains we see as an already bruised and battered Shui Liu Can walks. In the distance he sees as a young girl is fending off two robbers by herself, using two short swords. This young girl is none other than the Handmaiden herself. Shui Liu Can immediately rushes forward and leaps over the heads of the robbers, till he is beside the girl herself. SHUI LIU CAN RUN! The girl does so. Both robbers come charging on at Shui Liu Can. He sidesteps the first one that comes his way and slices him through, before striking the second down the middle, and causing a gash from suprasternal notch to bellybutton. Having made short work of both robbers, Shui Liu Can runs back to the young girl. The young girl hugs Shui Liu Can. HANDMAIDEN (v/o) At the time he found me I was living alone, and my father had died, leaving me only the two swords that once indicated that our family's noble heritage. EXT. PLAINS DAY We see Shui Liu Can, with his sword in one hand, and a stick in another, guiding his young female protégé in the art of swordplay. His protégé is following along fine. HANDMAIDEN (v/o) When he came that day and saved my life, I knew immediately who I was going to follow for the rest of my life. He was my father, my friend, my everything. EXT. PLAINS DAY In a flash, we see that his young protégé has grown now to be the blossoming young beauty that she is, and we see Shui Liu Can gently guiding her in archery. Shui Liu Can assists his young female protégé in drawing the arrow back gently, and then she lets the arrow fly. We see as the arrow hits the target, the bullseye on a makeshift board, from a hundred paces away. The Handmaiden lets out a cry of joy. HANDMAIDEN (v/o) But then came that one day where everything changed. EXT. ICE LAKE DAY We are at a lake that is frozen over, and we see that Shui Liu Can and the Handmaiden have brought their ice skates. Flakes of snow dance in the air. Standing on the banks, they look at the lake before them. They FADE OUT, then we see as they FADE IN again on the lake itself. They start skating as they wish, playfully performing acrobatic martial arts moves on the ice itself. Then we see as Shui Liu Can seems to stop skating. He stands on the spot and just cheers as he watches his Handmaiden skate in circles around him. Her laughter echoes, as innocent as the sound of a windchime. Then we see as Shui Liu Can lunges himself forward at her. This pushes her down to the ice immediately. With him on top of her. She is still laughing girlishly, unaware of what is about to happen. He presses his face close to hers, and starts licking. She still laughs, unaware of what is about to happen. We see as he unfastens her winter clothes, then the clothes underneath, and then grabs her breasts, squeezing them hard. She starts to scream, he continues to force himself on her. He grabs the sides of her head, and tries to force himself on her lips. She resists for a while, and then gives in. He kisses her, she sticks her tongue into his mouth and licks deep and long. Then they separate, but their bodies are by now seemingly fused together. From afar, it looks as though they are fighting on the ice, one having slipped on top of another, and both unable to get up and stuggling to do so. But at the same time that he presses hard down on her, she is also satisfying her latent lust for him, now being released in full force. At the same time her ecstasy rises, tears also begin to flow out of her eyes, which are now bright red. Yet she continues, as his member is now fully inside her and slowly taking her towards the climax. She starts crying out in a mix of ecstasy and pain as she pushes his head away from her. Then she climaxes. The breath stops short of escaping her mouth, then it finally does in a long cross between a sigh of relief and a scream. Then we are left with a sniffling, sobbing yet strangely happy girl. On her almost self-satisfied smile as he holds her body close to him, we DISSOLVE TO: EXT.PLAINS DAY The Master and Servant/Lovers walk across the plain, and we see that the eyes of the Handmaiden are still bright red and tearing. Slowly, snowflakes fall across her face. CLOSE UP on the eyes, and we DISSOLVE TO: POV shot: An image of snowflakes gently falling, but as they come closer and closer to the Earth we see that they turn red, as red as the blood of a newly deflowered girl. HANDMAIDEN (v/o) From that day on, I realized that at any rate, I was his, and he was mine. DISSOLVE TO: INT. CAVE NIGHT We see as an expression of glee crosses Yun Xing Tong's face, he is almost turning insane by now. YUN XING TONG Really, that old fool did not even spend all these years preparing how to come back and fight like a man? When the entire martial realm has branded him a coward, he only affirmed it! HANDMAIDEN Then what were you doing all these years? YUN XING TONG I prepared for the day of revenge, expecting your Master to return when he was ready and armed and finally knew what it was to be a true warrior...like his father! HANDMAIDEN WHO YOU KILLED! YUN XING TONG I DID NOT KILL HIS FATHER, THE MAN ASKED FOR IT! I don't know why, but he did. It is at this moment that we hear another voice join in, and it is none other than that of Shui Liu Can himself. He is dripping wet, having come through the waterfall itself. SHUI LIU CAN So, did you really do it? YUN XING TONG Well, well, look who has come at last. And to reply you, yes I did. At his behest. SHUI LIU CAN I came here expecting a lot of defense, you did not put up any. YUN XING TONG Why would I have put up any defense if I was expecting you? SHUI LIU CAN Very well...so now, you have revealed it, why did you kill my father, and why did your father do nothing about this son who violated his family's honor so? YUN XING TONG Let me ask you another question first of all. Yun Xing Tong walks closer and closer to Shui Liu Can, preparing to draw out his sword already. We see as Shui Liu Can also lays his hand on the grip of his own sword. Both men are ready as they encircle each other. YUN XING TONG Since you have now found your way to this cave, tell me, did you and Hua Zhong Ai both know about it? Shui Liu Can does not answer at all. YUN XING TONG Did the two of you ever liaise here when I was unaware? Shui Liu Can still does not answer? YUN XING TONG And was it here that you conspired to kill me, and you ran away when you failed to do so? Shui Liu Can does not reply for a while, and then he lets out an outburst. CLOSE UP on his hand, we see as it trembles. SHUI LIU CAN Why is it that you ask me all this, when all along you have known that the answer is YES? There is a moment of stunned silence as Yun Xing Tong's breathing grows heavier and heavier. We see though that his grip on his sword is still firm. SHUI LIU CAN Now why did you kill my father? Why did it have to be you? YUN XING TONG Because your father felt that he owed a debt to mine that he could only repay in blood...that's why. Let me tell you, this day has been so far to me, a severe disappointment, I expected better after waiting twenty years for you to come back. You don't know how I have spent twenty years preparing for this day, have you? SHUI LIU CAN I don't wish to know. YUN XING TONG Good, I don't wish to tell you either, but there is another reason, and count yourself lucky, why I have brought you here. SHUI LIU CAN What is that? YUN XING TONG You did not figure it out when you fought that crowd, did you? Just as I thought. You did not know who planned that attack even though it was obvious. EXT. YUN ESTATE COURTYARD NIGHT We see a group of men carrying torches, they are indeed the Bronze Rod fighter and his Phantom-masked crew. We see as some of the underlings report to him, one is the crescent blade fighter. CRESCENT BLADE FIGHTER They are all not in the estate at all. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER That only means that they have moved on, come, I know where they are headed! The men head off, and as they do so, we hear the Bronze Rod fighter mutter under his breath. BRONZE ROD FIGHTER Yun Xing Tong, you have only grown wilier since I knew you! INT. CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong continues telling the story. YUN XING TONG If you did not notice, the bronze rod fighter there was none other than Hua Yan Qian, Hua Zhong Ai's brother. SHUI LIU CAN You mean. YUN XING TONG Yes, he has by now, come for the both of us. He holds both of us responsible for the death of his sister. SHUI LIU CAN What? YUN XING TONG Yes, her death was the best reply that she could give to both of us, to both of us who left her when she needed us most...and you know what, it was the best reply of all. Because it was the kind of reply to which we both no longer could answer. SHUI LIU CAN No, we still could have answered it...you could have answered it with the way that you chose to live...how do you choose to live it? YUN XING TONG Well, I may disappoint you here. FLASHBACK BEGINS EXT. DESERT DAY We see Yun Xing Tong, decked out in his Imperial Army Officer robes, atop his horse, with his sword at his side. Behind him are an entire caravan of his troops, who have brought with them their supplies. YUN XING TONG(v/o) Well, right after my Imperial Examinations I was posted to a military post out in the West, near the lands of the Kazakhs. I was then made to enforce law and order in that land, far from the intrigues of the Imperial Court.at the Empire's frontiers. Yun Xing Tong looks out at the sky above him. YUN XING TONG(v/o) It was a place where life was hard, and where the land bred similar people. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. KAZAKH ENCAMPMENT DAY We see as Yun Xing Tong rides into this Kazakh encampment on his horse, flanked by his own troops. We see that these foreign troops are being eyed by the nomadic warriors with fierce animosity. YUN XING TONG (v/o) It was there that I had my first encounter with the blood that ran in the Hua family: these were men and women of unassailable pride and dignity passed down from generations...whose only desire was to own their God- given land. INT. TENT NIGHT We see as Yun Xing Tong finishes his goblet of Koumiss with the chieftain. YUN XING TONG (v/o) Hospitable to guests, merciless to their foes, they would drink with you one night, and fight the next. He lays down the goblet of Koumiss and wipes a hand across his lips. We see as a smile crosses the face of the Chieftain. Then Yun Xing Tong gets up, turns around, and leaves the tent. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. BATTLEFIELD DAY We are right in the chaos of battle, and here we see Yun Xing Tong himself, his horse dead on its side, brandishing his sword around and mowing down warriors left and right with one hand, and in the other he holds his bow. The tribesmen are fearsome warriors nonetheless. By now Yun Xing Tong is so skilled that actually swaps sword with arrow in a flash to deal with distant targets and back again for close combat. On the battlefield he seems to be a terrifying, near-invincible force. YUN XING TONG (v/o) Those nomadic warriors fought hard, but in numbers they were no match for us. It was not long before they were either killed or subjugated. Our armies took the steppes that once they claimed belonged to their God. (Beat) And as for me, I took a Consort of theirs for a concubine. INT. FRONTIER OUTPOST BEDROOM NIGHT We see Yun Xing Tong siccing himself on his chosen consort, with the same violent and predatory urge that we saw driving Shui Liu Can in the earlier sex scene. YUN XING TONG (v/o) In her I saw the same kind of fire, the same kind of defiance and pride that I saw that lay in Hua Zhong Ai. It was that kind of pride that had her conspiring to kill me with you. As they finish we see that there is a defiant look in the eye of the Kazakh concubine. INT. FRONTIER OUTPOST STUDY DAY Yun Xing Tong enters the study at the behest of a domestic help. We see as he opens the door to the study, and sees that hanging from the rafters is none other than the consort that he took. He dismisses the help with a wave of his hand and turns back. YUN XING TONG (v/o) And like Hua Zhong Ai, she died on me. Am I cursed, I don't know. But maybe women like that, like Hua Zhong Ai and my consort, were created to be free of the bonds of society and class. INT. FRONTIER OUTPOST BEDROOM NIGHT We see Yun Xing Tong looking out of the window of his bedroom, and seeing the wider night sky beyond. In his eyes, there is a none too frequent expression of fear. In the desert ground, he sees as another strange figure emerges from the sands. It is none other than his hallucination of Shui in his Phantom Face get-up, now more real than ever. Yun Xing Tong, upon seeing it, rushes out of the room. EXT. DESERT NIGHT Yun Xing Tong heads out, decked in winter garb for the onslaught of the cold desert night, sword in hand. Then we see as he lunges repeatedly and repeatedly at the apparition that only he himself can see. YUN XING TONG (v/o) It was good that war and administrative duties kept my mind off for a while, but soon I realized that your father's ghost haunted me, and that to remove it, I would have to go back to the one place I did not wish to. EXT. YUN ESTATE DAY We see as Yun Xing Tong rides on his horse back to the Yun Estate. And there he sees as a servant opens the door. SERVANT Young Master, you're back. YUN XING TONG Yes, I am. SERVANT So much has changed. YUN XING TONG I am tired, I just want to come in. Yun Xing Tong enters. INT. YUN ESTATE STUDY ROOM DAY Yun Xing Tong sees his own father reading in the study. Lord Yun turns to his son, with aged, tired eyes. YUN XING TONG Greetings to Father. Lord Yun replies in a tired, jaded tone, as if nothing he says actually matters to him at all. LORD YUN Well done son, I have heard of what you have been doing out on the borders, you're doing yourself proud. YUN XING TONG I thought you'd be happy...our family now enjoys more honor than ever from the Imperial Court. LORD YUN Happy? I have long passed that emotion, I am old, and I know it. I have aged to the point where none of the human emotions can ever lead me astray. The only choice is to keep living and keep breathing, until I breathe my last. (Beat) You still have time to immerse yourself in your emotions, young man, enjoy it, learn from it. Yun Xing Tong turns and walks away. EXT. FOREST DAY Yun Xing Tong sits alone in the forest, in deep thought. YUN XING TONG(v/o) Seeing my father then made me wonder what would have happened if Hua Zhong Ai had ever become an old woman. It occurred to me that if that was the sign of ageing, maybe Hua Zhong Ai was never destined to age. Then for a brief moment Yun Xing Tong sees Hua Zhong Ai before him again.she has not aged the way he has. In a flash the image is replaced by that of Shui in the Phantom Face costume. We see as Shui whispers something that only Yun Xing Tong seems to hear. SHUI I owed your father, thanks for repaying it. YUN XING TONG SHUT UP, you don't exist! Yun Xing Tong takes a few more swipes at the apparition, all of which don't seem to harm it at all. Then the apparition disappears. SHUI Did you hear what your father had to say? Very soon he will join me, and we will have waited for each other. Is there someone you want to wait for as badly? Then be as prepared to wait as I have. YUN XING TONG I am prepared to wait. SHUI Good! Then we see as the apparition of Shui unsheathes its own sword, and starts slashing back at Yun Xing Tong. Yun Xing Tong parries and deflects the imaginary blade with his own, and strikes a few elegant blows in succession. We see what this whole scene looks like as imagined by Yun Xing Tong: he is fighting Shui, who seems to have returned from his dead as his martial arts instructor. Then we see this from the point of view of an outsider: that Yun Xing Tong seems to be battling thin air. YUN XING TONG(v/o) I was prepared to wait...that was all that I said to myself on that fateful day.but I did not realize that I was not the only one prepared to wait. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. LORD YUN'S GRAVE DAY We are now at Lord Yun's grave, at which Yun Xing Tong stands in his white mourning clothes. It is at this moment that we see another figure enter the frame.it is none other than Hua Yan Qian, with his own custom weapon, a Bronze Rod. Yun Xing Tong turns to Hua Yan Qian as if he knows that he is there. YUN XING TONG Well, well, you have returned. HUA YAN QIAN Yes, so sorry to see what has happened. YUN XING TONG That is okay, it is none of your matter. HUA YAN QIAN Tell me then, was it your matter when my sister died? YUN XING TONG I was far abroad, I could not have come back in time. HUA YAN QIAN You could, you just did not want to, you felt she had wronged you in some way, had she? YUN XING TONG I don't know. HUA YAN QIAN Okay, maybe she did not wrong you at all, maybe she wronged Shui Liu Can instead, is that right? Yun Xing Tong himself is silent. HUA YAN QIAN I tell you now, this staff was given to me by a great clan boss I met on my travels for saving his life, so you must know this, when then two of you meet again, and I know you will, I will see to it that I come for the two of you. Yun Xing Tong looks at the grave, and without moving his head an inch, says: YUN XING TONG No, you'll be an underworld boss already, you'll have all the honor you could want.Why come for us again? Just go.go and live! HUA YAN QIAN On your hands you have the blood of many, what difference does one more make? YUN XING TONG Fine, when we meet again. Hua Yan Qian leaves the place. And as he leaves, Yun Xing Tong finally turns back as he sees his profile shrink into the distance. INT. CAVE NIGHT Yun Xing Tong gets up and prepares to leave. YUN XING TONG It's time to go now, now that we have proven your complicity in everything that I suspected, what we have waited twenty years for can finally take place. Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can exchange a long and thoughtful glance. Both the Handmaiden and the Squire are equally worried. HANDMAIDEN/SQUIRE (simultaneously) Master. YUN XING TONG But not here, remember what Festival it is? SHUI LIU CAN All souls'. YUN XING TONG That's right, and remember, someone has to join us in celebrating all souls' festivities this year. Shui Liu Can nods. Then he gets up as well. EXT. WATERFALL DAYBREAK We see as the four figures of Shui Liu Can, Yun Xing Tong, the Handmaiden and the Squire emerge from behind the waterfall. Then we slowly move up to the sky filled with stars. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. HUA ZHONG AI'S TOMB DAY We see now that the dark night sky has changed to that of the morning. Hua Zhong Ai's tomb stands here, in a clearing seemingly made just for the tomb and the tomb alone. We see as Yun Xing Tong and his Squire, and Shui Liu Can and his handmaiden, ride here on horseback. This is actually a pretty bright and sunny with Shui's day of arrival when it was raining. The two men walk over to the tomb, and there we see that Yun Xing Tong is first to get on his knees and kneel before it. Then we see as he bends over, prostrating himself before the tomb of Hua Zhong Ai. Then he assumes his original kneeling position. He turns to Shui Liu Can. Shui Liu Can is not quite ready for this, but he does the same, but more slowly, and more hesitant, in doing so. Then we see as Yun Xing Tong starts talking to Hua Zhong Ai's tomb. YUN XING TONG I do not know if you can hear me from there, but if you can see us from where you are now, I want to tell you that this will probably be the last time that all three of us will be together in a while...and today, Heaven willing, you will get what you have always wanted from us. We will fight for you to the death. At this moment we see that Shui Liu Can is already crying. In the background though, we see something ominous happening, Yun Xing Tong's Squire darts off quickly. Then the Handmaiden does a double take and turns around, and seeing the Squire running away, gives chase. The Squire dives into a bush nearby and takes out a wooden box that has been buried beneath it, and then we see as he opens up the box to reveal a flintlock pistol. We see at this moment that the Squire is dealt with a kick to his neck and is thrown back, we see that the one who has kicked him is none other than the Handmaiden herself. The Squire picks himself up and launches a flying kick at the Handmaiden, but we see that she quickly grabs his foot and brings him crashing to the ground. The Handmaiden then reaches for the flintlock pistol and aims it at the Squire. Her hands are trembling at this point in time. At this time we hear the anxious voices coming from Shui Liu Can, with Yun Xing Tong in pursuit. SHUI LIU CAN NO! YUN XING TONG What the... The two men reach where their respective servants are at a standoff. SHUI LIU CAN Please, it's not worth it, don't put yourself in any danger right now. HANDMAIDEN This...this boy here...he had the flintlock pistol, he had hidden it here all this while. YUN XING TONG WHAT? SQUIRE I felt that I could not allow this to go on anymore, Master, I had long planned to help you accomplish your revenge.I just pretended not to know what happened. YUN XING TONG(to Handmaiden) Give me the pistol. The Handmaiden slowly hands the pistol over to Yun Xing Tong, and we see as he throws it on the ground and crushes it underfoot. YUN XING TONG There, that settles. Just then we see as an arrow flies directly at him, and Yun Xing Tong grabs it with lightning reflexes just before it reaches his face. We see in the distance Hua Yan Qian has finally led his goons here as well.Hua himself has shot the arrow out from his sleeve. HUA YAN QIAN I see that you have improved greatly.that would have killed you if not for luck twenty years ago. YUN XING TONG I knew you would be back. HUA YAN QIAN With company. We see that the others emerge from their hiding places.all of them dressed in identical Phantom face masks. Yun Xing Tong beholds them all in shock. YUN XING TONG Stand back, this is one battle that I must fight myself. Shui Liu Can nods and retreats with the Handmaiden and the Squire into the background. Hua Yan Qian rushes forward, with both ends of the once-whole bronze rod in hands, he throws one end of the rod at Yun Xing Tong. Yun Xing Tong draws his sword in time and blocks it. Then Hua Yan Qian brings the other end of the bronze rod swinging around and aimed at Yun Xing Tong himself, Yun Xing Tong parries it in time, cuts through it and with a final stroke finishes Hua Yan Qian. The other goons come up to fight Yun Xing Tong. All of them are killed by Yun Xing Tong in rapid succession. The last goon stands, it is the Ascetic Swordsman. The Ascetic Swordsman rushes forth and clashes with Yun Xing Tong, among the attackers, he is the only one with matched swordsmanship. Or so it seems. It does not last more than a few rounds, when the Ascetic Swordsman is brought down on his knees, and Yun Xing Tong finally deals him death. Now the corpses of all the attackers lie on the ground already. Yun Xing Tong looks around and shakes his head. Then wiping the blood off his blade, Yun Xing Tong returns to his old friend. Yun Xing Tong sheathes his own sword. YUN XING TONG So, you want to carry on the duel? Shui Liu Can looks at his friend, and then he looks at the tomb of Hua Zhong Ai. SHUI LIU CAN I do not think so. For All Souls Day it sure is sunny this year, I do not wish to spoil it. YUN XING TONG Neither do I. Good then, let's head back to the Estate. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. YUN ESTATE NIGHT We see a ready horse carriage, all prepped to send off Shui Liu Can and his Handmaiden. And it is here that Yun Xing Tong and Shui Liu Can will bid their final farewell to each other. YUN XING TONG Do you predict that there will be a cold winter this year? SHUI LIU CAN I believe that there will be, why? YUN XING TONG Then may the swords of frost and the slaughtering gale kill you! SHUI LIU CAN I wish you the same. Then we see as Shui Liu Can and his Handmaiden board the carriage, and then set off through the forest, further and further into the distance. It is at this moment that Yun Xing Tong turns to his Squire, and hands him a small sack of money. YUN XING TONG Here is your pay, I will give you a break to go back and see your family, I need some rest here. The Squire nods, and turns to his Master sadly. DISSOLVE TO: INT. YUN ESTATE BEDROOM NIGHT We are now in the same bedroom where Hua Zhong Ai once slept, we now see that the place is lit as Yun Xing Tong enters. He looks at the great pendulum clock.its hands still. Then he walks over to a chair in the room and sits down. POV SHOT: The pendulum clock, forever stopped in its recording of time. Then out of the corner of his eye, we see as finally a single tear flows down his cheek and onto his shirt. Then on the stoic, yet melancholy visage of Yun Xing Tong, we FADE TO BLACK. EXT. SEA DAY On the sea we see a lone ship sailing, the sun is rising in the distance and is bathing all the world in its soft warm glow. EXT. SHIP DECK DAY On the deck of the ship we see Shui Liu Can and the Handmaiden looking out at the sunrise. The handmaiden looks at her Master. HANDMAIDEN Master, can we start our new life together now? We see as Shui Liu Can lays his hand on her stomach. SHUI LIU CAN Why not we wait until winter first? Shui Liu Can leaves the handmaiden alone on deck then.while he heads below. The Handmaiden is left on the ship's deck alone. We see as she walks over to the gunwale, and leans on it, looking into the depths of the sea. And as the sunlight casts its light on her, we see that tears illuminate her eyes. She stands there, weeping softly. Then the screen goes black. THE END. 131 ","Summary":" CLOUDS AND WATER A Martial Arts Screenplay By Ivan Mayne Everything is defined by a change of state"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Foreordained Part One","Author":"Ivan Mayne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1254254","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FOREORDAINED: PART ONEnA Martial Arts Screenplay By Ivan Mayne EXT. CHINA DAYnThese are some of the misty peaks of Southwestern China. CAPTION: CHINA, THE MID-9TH CENTURY They form a magnificent range, rising out of the ground like great pillarsnpropping up the heavens. Given that this is the dawn, they are still mostly enshrouded in thick andnswirling mists. The early morning sun peeks over the clouds, as we swoop over the area fromna bird's eye view, we hear the narration: NARRATORnThe light is the first thing we are born to. As the narrator says this, the sun rises over the nearby peaks,nilluminating this area. NARRATOR(CONT.)nIt comes to us out of the darkness and the suffocating heat, from which wenburst forth. The light is the right of all, though some are born to muchnmore of it... At this moment an eagle flies out of the corner of the screen and fliesninto the distance. And as it does so we slowly FADE TO BLACK. And as the screen still remains black, we hear the narration again, NARRATION(cont.)n...And others are not. Then against the black background we see as four normal-looking guysndressed in Chinese robes, and all carrying swords. EXT. SQUARE NIGHTnThen slowly we see as they walk into a square. Just then, torches all seem to be simultaneously lit as the men pass,nsending showers of sparks up into the air as they do so. The men prepare themselves and draw their swords. It turns out that there is an almost mystical aura surrounding the bladesnof their swords. They walk across the square carefully. One of them appears to be the leader, and he guides as the other swordsnemit their glow. NARRATORnLegend has it said that this light finds it representation in the humannsoul from time to time, and that they existed hundreds of years ago. Just then from a corner of the screen comes another presence, emerging outnof the darkness. This is a warrior dressed head to toe in body armor. The four men begin getting confused, just then their swords, alreadynglowing, start flickering, to the point that sparks are revealingnthemselves all over the place. LEADER Oh shit. Then from them we zoom up, until we get a top down shot of the whole place. People dressed in sinister black, emerging from the shadows, arenapproaching them from all sides. NARRATOR But there are some with the absence of light, and in their souls there isnnothing but the cry for blood, borne out of an insatiable thirst. A top of lightning crosses the sky, lighting up a tall pagoda. A clap of thunder, drowning out what appear to be human screams, followsnthis. Then we FADE TO BLACK. NARRATOR But between the light and the dark, other paths can exist for one to take.nThere is the path of power. Then we FLARE TO WHITE. INT. UNDERGROUND CAVERNnThis is a large underground cavern, in which we see a stone bridge, thatnhangs over a stream of knee-deep water. Into this cavern we see as two men enter. One of them is a middle-aged, gracious looking swordsman. This is HUO DINGnCHU. He approaches from one end of the bridge. Another man enters from the other side of the cavern, this is LEI SHUNnJING. He is a much older man, with an air of unmistakable defiance aboutnhim. His beard is white, and his eyes piercing. On his back he carriesnthree swords, and around his waist one. HUO DING CHUnI have come to end it once and for all, Lei Shun Jing, you old thief. LEI SHUN JINGnOld Huo, If you have come to end it, you have come to do so only fornyourself. HUO DING CHUnI shall have to see for myself then, you old plague. Huo Ding Chu removes his sword from its scabbard, it is a long, thin andnsharp double bladed sword. Lei Shun Jing also removes the sword that is around his waist, this one isnornate and long with an exquisitely patterned blade and handle. LEI SHUN JINGnDid I ever tell you that I love swords? This one was collected off a foolnwho tried to challenge me. HUO DING CHUnYou are famous for that, I believe. The two start fighting. Their swords clash, whirl and weave across each other, forming arcs ofnsilver light that stand out in the cave's darkness. There seems to be no clear winner as they do so. Lei Shun Jing's sword weaves in and out, up and down, like a flying fishnskimming across the waves of the ocean. After a series of attacks, we see as he ducks as Huo Ding Chu waves hisnsword against his neck, which would have decapitated him if he were anlesser opponent. But he doesn't, instead, Lei Shun Jing spreads his legs apart, and deliversna lower roundhouse kick to Huo Ding Chu, who dodges it and leaps back. Then Huo stands in a defense pose, on one hand his forefinger and middlenfinger are the only ones sticking out, the rest are folded in. While his sword is at defense, ready to accept any attack from Lei ShunnJing. Then Lei Shun Jing sheaths his sword, slowly. He twirls it in his hand first, a virtuoso display of agility. Then he sheaths it into a scabbard around his waist. This scabbard, likenthe sword, is equally beautiful and ornately patterned. Huo glares at Lei as he does so. Lei Shun Jing stretches out his arms, his hands appear to be empty. LEI SHUN JINGnCome on, attack. Huo Ding Chu smirks as he looks at Lei Shun Jing. HUO DING CHUnWhat trick do you have up your sleeves, old man? LEI SHUN JING That was just time to see how good you really were.n(Beat)nThe truth is that though I love swords, I'd rather collect them. It's angood reminder of my own strength.to be the strongest is what I wish to be,nnothing short of that. HUO DING CHUnThere's always someone greater than you don't you know that? LEI SHUN JING I know you are definitely weaker, prepare to meet your doom! Lei Shun Jing then takes out the piece de resistance, his true weapon, itnis a long chain, which he takes out from his sleeve. Huo Ding Chu readies himself for the attack. Lei Shun Jing starts whirring the chain about. Then he leaps up into the air and throws it. The chain's end wraps itself along Huo Ding Chu's sword. Huo Ding Chu then leaps backward with his sword, taking the chain alongnwith him. Lei Shun Jing pulls the chain back in a fatal tug-of-war. Huo Ding Chu is pulled off his feet and is sent flying through the air bynthe force of Lei Shun Jing's pull alone. Luckily as he is hurled through the air he manages to plant one foot of hisnon the railing of the bridge, and using that foot as a pivot, he brings hisnother foot across and in one fell swoop, leaps off the bridge. SLOW MOTION SEQUENCEnAnd after doing so, he starts twirling the chain around his sword. As the chain becomes more and more taut, Lei Shun Jing is also pullednalong. But the old man knows what is going on, leaping up onto the railing of thenbridge and off it with a whole lot more speed and agility than hisnopponent. Then we see as his feet land in the water. The resulting splash caused by his feet alone is huge. When the splash ends, so does the Slow motion sequence. He pulls on the chain again with his dogged determination, now using hisnsword to complement it, but not as a normal melee weapon, but. He rests his hand on the scabbard, thereby now only holding the chain withnone hand, which is still strong enough to stand a draw in the tug of war. Then Huo Ding Chu sees his chance, then instead of going along, he motionsnhis sword so quickly that soon it is out of the many loops that are aroundnit, and while the chain is still in mid-air he uses his sword like a batnand smashes it backwards so that it comes hitting towards Lei Shun Jing. Lei Shun Jing sees this and immediately twirls through the air, as he doesnso the chain wraps around his arm with amazing speed. Simultaneously he whips out the sword in the scabbard around his waist thatnhe has been planning to use with the hand that has the chain wrap, andninstead of holding it in the conventional sense. CLOSE UP on his fingers, we see as he lets go of his sword, his chi sendingnit forward, and then using two fingers he gives it a little flick, like onenwould flick a marble. The sword flies forward with amazing speed and heads for Huo as a rangednprojectile. Huo tries to block it with his blade but just then we see that the sword isnstopped in its course. It is a female warrior that has stopped it, her short black hair framingnher pale and luminous face, this is none other than ZHEN XI LING, studentnof Huo Ding Chu.nFor a young girl of her age, she shows a strangely strong will. She has landed so lightly that none of the two men have noticed her. We seenthat blood is dripping from her hand. Zhen Xi Ling just grabs her Master bynthe hand and the two of them leap onto the bridge. An enraged Lei Shun Jing calls after them. LEI SHUN JINGnThat was meant for your heart! Don't you forget that! He leaps after them onto the bridge. They have a fight. The two combined swords now move with utter grace andnprecision, offensive and defensive at the same time, master and disciplenface off Shun Jing ferociously. But he handles them well, using a combination of both his palm and thenchain, he makes quite a formidable defense. The chain being a long range weapon, requires distance to use, therefore,nwhen he leaps out the reach of his opponents, he uses the chain, which cannsnake around under his firm control most obediently. When his opponents close in, he uses his free hand and his feet, using onlyna short length of chain that he swipes and whirls around ferociously tondistract his opponents. But his opponents are no less skilled than he together: they complementneach other perfectly, if one attacks, the other defends. A few times they nearly manage to cripple Lei by swiping off his legs. At other times they nearly decapitate had not he managed to dodge. Once we see that one of them has targeted Lei Shun Jing's legs and is aboutnto hew them off, another has targeted his neck, and then at this point theyn retract so that the blade narrowly misses, and using one hand, hits thenwrist of the other whose sword is about to come crashing down. But it soon becomes evident that the two of them are getting more and morenin an advantageous position compared to him, their complimentary swordnmaneuvers are getting a little too much for his length of chain alone tonhandle. It is then that he retracts the chain back into his sleeve, and as hisnopponents are unaware and charge him with their swords, he leaps up into ankick. Just enough to force the two of them back. He steps back, and stretches out his hands, both of which are empty. LEI SHUN JINGnNow go, both of you, I have no more business with you now.n(Pause)nIf I can't have the sword now, I'll have it another day. Just then Ding Chu cries out. HUO DING CHU I'm finishing you off, you old monster! ZHEN XI LINGnNo, Master! As he rushes towards Shun Jing with his sword, the latter dodges the firstnblow of the sword and then in a few moves too quick to behold. We see that he has hit Huo Ding Chu with his palm. He starts spitting out blood. Lei Shun Jing retreats. LEI SHUN JINGnNow go, I have nothing to do with any more of you people. Xi Ling carries her master out of the cave. Shun Jing just watches as the two of them walk out of the cave. There is a look on his face that reveals a true sense of loss. Loss ofnsword, or loss of worthy opponent? As of now everything is hard to tell, the camera moves further and furthernaway from him. NARRATORnThose on the path of power are lured by the sole attraction of power alone,nto them nothing else would matter. FADE TO BLACK. EXT. BARREN HEATH DAYnOn the ground, we see puddles of mud that have just formed from rain.nDroplets of rain are still falling on the ground at this point. The fog isnso thick one can barely see more than twenty paces from where one stands.nIn the puddles a traveler is reflected. This traveler we see is a ragged-looking man, with a weather-beaten butnstill strangely handsome face. Slowly he is revealed to us in full form. This is THE PRODIGAL SON. In his hands he is holding a crooked staff, and on his head he is wearing anstraw hat. Where he is walking is one of those barren heaths with muddy soil andnstark, bare trees. It is a deathly landscape. But the way he walks is so insouciant, his gait so nonchalant; that onenwould have not he was walking in the most normal environment. As he walks he looks around, whistling to himself. POV SHOT: We are looking at him from some other person's POV, but we do notnsee who it is. But from the way he speaks we can tell that it is the narrator. NARRATORnAs you can see, to him power means nothing. He is humble, and takes onlynthe sky above his head and the ground below his feet as his home, and henlaughs the world off with a swig of wine.n(Beat)nBut can you say that he is of true enlightenment? Then he is joined in by a female voice. FEMALE VOICE No, Master. NARRATOR Why is it that you say that he is not enlightened? FEMALE VOICE Because of the fact that the world means nothing to him, but it meansneverything to us. The world of man is what gives our clan its meaning. NARRATOR Good, because that has always been our belief. Slowly the two of them are revealed. Both are dressed in robes of dark bluenwith gold trimmings. The two of them are standing atop one of the tree'snbranches. The narrator is a sharp-looking middle-aged man with hair tiednback in a bun and fastened with a pin. This is HUANG YAN SHEN, one of thenprominent members of thenHidden Mountain Society. The woman is young and beautiful, but somewhat harsh and severe-looking.nHer eyes are pools of midnight, and her hair trails behind her like anwaterfall cascading. This is WU MO LI, one of his most favored disciples. HUANG YAN SHENnI do not know how long it has to be before that man can come to his senses.nHis skill makes him a formidable warrior, but to waste his life as thisnaimless wanderer, is pure I would almost say madness! Just then Prodigal Son passes near their tree, and doesn't seem to noticenanything. Then he takes a swig of wine from a gourd he has tied around his staff. He looks around lazily. Just then he shouts upwards. PRODIGAL SONnCan any one of you tell me where the nearest village is? He doesn't appear to be talking to anyone, in his seemingly half-drunknstate. But then while looking in a completely different direction, suddenly wenhear this come out of his mouth. PRODIGAL SONnHUANG YAN SHEN, senior of the Hidden Mountain Society, may I just knownwhere is the nearest village? Up in the trees, Wu Mo Li is startled. WU MO LInHe actually knows where we are! Her master shakes his head. HUANG YAN SHENnChild, you have a lot to learn, this man is not to be underestimated. Lostnin the world, his sense of good and evil wears thin. There are many peoplenlike him, approach with caution. WU MO LInOur brothers and sisters are all over this place, you think he can beat us?nThere are twenty of them and only one of him, how can he. HUANG YAN SHENnThere is nothing that is certain. Just then the twenty of the Hidden Mountain members erupt from the ground,ndressed in protective ninja clothing. Five of them converge on Prodigal Son as they leap through the air. But Prodigal Son just smiles, and we SPEED UP: He leaps into action, wavingnhis staff left and right, he strikes all of them in mid-air, felling all ofnthem in one swoop. Prodigal Son smiles when he finishes the task, and he now shouts at Huangndirectly. Meanwhile the rest of the Hidden Mountain Men look on, afraid, since theynare nearly all of but mediocre martial arts skills. PRODIGAL SON Old Huang, I am asking you out politely and nicely, why did you ever lay annambush for me here? I just want to know the way to the nearest village. Huang and his disciple leap off their tree and land in front of ProdigalnSon. They bow. HUANG YAN SHENnMy apologies to you. The nearest village is forty miles north of here. Younwill not miss it. PRODIGAL SONnThen all is forgiven, as it should be. Prodigal Son nods and walks on. FADE TO BLACK EXT. TOWN DAYnBy now the fogginess of the previous scene seems to have disappeared, thenday is bright and clear. The Prodigal Son has now wandered into this small town, and he appears verynhappy doing so. This small town, we see, is located at the foot of some very tallnmountains. He starts whistling once more as he walks over to a tavern by the roadside. There he sits down, and then the tavern owner walks over to him. This is anman of medium height, with a bit of a belly. TAVERN OWNER What might you like, sir? PRODIGAL SONnOh the usual. The tavern owner smiles and departs. When he re-emerges, he is carrying the jug and the cups for wine, andnsomething else. Besides him is a strapping, good-hearted-looking youth. There is somethingnvery childlike about his demeanor. This is XU WAN GANG. PRODIGAL SONnAh, there you are, it's such a wonder, my boy, to see how much you havengrown. TAVERN OWNER Xu Wan Gang, you remember this man I've told you about, don't you, ProdigalnSon. XU WAN GANG and TAVERN OWNER (simultaneously)nHe who takes the sky above his head as his roof, and the ground below asnhis floor. Prodigal Son laughs. PRODIGAL SONnExcellent, the both of you recite my catchphrase so well!n(Beat)nCome here, I have something to show you. Prodigal Son reaches deep into his robe and pulls out a small fragment ofnmetal tied around a string. The fragment is shiny, and the sunlight glances off it as it reflects lightninto the eyes of Wan Gang, causing him to block his eyes temporarily. PRODIGAL SONnNow I want you to keep this little bit tied around your neck, Wan Gang, forngood luck. Keep it well, because it is entwined in your destiny. XU WAN GANG How can this fragment of metal me entwined in my destiny? PRODIGAL SONnWell, my boy, that is something that you will slowly see for yourself.n(Beat)nAnd here is another treasure that I have brought from the faraway lands. He takes it out, it looks like a dead swallow, eyes looking at the youthnwith distant aloofness. XU WAN GANG A dead swallow? What kind of a present is that? PRODIGAL SON Not exactly a dead swallow either, mind you. He takes out what looks like a turnkey from one of his pockets, and insertsnit into the back of the swallow. He starts turning the turnkey. Then we see as the wings on the mechanical swallow slowly begin to flutter,nthen all of a sudden the swallow springs to life and flies through the air. The surrounding townsfolk clap their hands in rapturous applause. Some just stare open-mouthed at the flight of the mechanical swallow as itnflies over the eaves and back, landing on Prodigal Son's finger. XU WAN GANG That.that is. PRODIGAL SONnMagical, oh yes, this is from a man in a great city far to the East of thisnvillage, there they make lots of exquisite goods like these! A true MasternArtisan, I can only sigh that all seems so wrong with the world now, travelnhas become so hazardous.n(Beat)nI am sure he would have loved to study the nature here. XU WAN GANG Study nature? PRODIGAL SONnOh yes, he always saw the truth, that man, that the voices of the powersnthat be speak to us by manifesting themselves in nature, and all of itsncomponents. The mechanical bird on Prodigal Son's arm starts to preen itself, as thoughnit were a real bird. Then it lands on one of the tables at the tavern. Prodigal Son gestures to the bird, and then to Xu. PRODIGAL SONnI want you to destroy that bird, Wan Gang and do it now. XU WAN GANG Destroy it, but that is such a marvelous creation! PRODIGAL SONnYou must destroy it, I want you to! The Tavern Owner smiles at Xu Wan Gang. TAVERN OWNERnHe said it, boy, remember what I told you, if he says it, you gotta do it. Xu rather unwillingly removes his sword from its scabbard. SLO_MO CLOSE UP on the sword: we can see that it is a masterful creation,nwith etchings that mark the love of a real craftsman. Then he brings the sword down on the mechanical swallow in a single swiftnattack, but still a rather obvious one. The swallow escapes. PRODIGAL SONnDo not underestimate that bird! It has a will to live, and you have justnawakened it! Xu doesn't really seem to be listening, as he takes a few more swipes atnthe bird. We can see that he himself is no ordinary combatant, because these swipesnby any standard would have felled a man without a defense. As this continues we see that there is already a rather substantial crowdngathered on this rather strange event, and some of them are already dividedninto groups sympathizing with the mechanical swallow and Xu respectively. Xu takes a few more swipes at the bird, attacking it up and down, left andnright. Soon the mechanical bird is encircling Xu to the extent that if the bird'snpath were that of a blade, Xu would have been in dire circumstances. But he is still managing to put up a fight with admirable skill. Some members of the spectators are already nodding their heads, for theynrealize that Xu is no ordinary human being for his age. The mechanical bird is not attacking at random at all, it hovers, swoops,nencircles and intercepts in all directions as Xu counters with his sword innone hand, and palm in another. Xu's palm is just as skilled as his sword, it slices, strikes, cuts andnblocks through the air with equal parts skill and dexterity. The fight has yet to take off, so to speak, and the audience is alreadynquieting down, holding their breath for the next blow to occur. The swallow and Xu are at a standstill now, the bird hovering, Xu at anstandstill, sword pointed and directed at the animal. Then they fight again: touch, intersect, strike, dodge, counter, lunge,nriposte, parry! The fight is already starting to reach cyclonic proportions. The crowd parts as it progresses. Then it takes off, literally. The bird flies up into the air, Xu takes off after it, leaping high up andnlanding on a rooftop. The crowd bursts into applause as Xu chases the bird across the rooftops,ntaking swipes at it while it dodges and thrusts its own beak back at Xu. XU WAN GANG Well, little bird, you're far cleverer than I ever imagined. As the fight progresses, Xu starts trying out some deceptive moves. He pretends to make a few strikes at the swallow, which seems to dodge themnall, and then we realize that his true attack is awaiting in his free hand. Putting his index finger and middle finger together, he launches them atnthe bird like a missile. It misses, almost as though the swallow has actually figured out thisndeception. Then it flies towards him almost too fast and too close for his sword to benof any use, it attempts a few pecks at his face, which he dodges beforenflipping out of the way and onto the edge of the roof. Then the swallow takes a flight towards him like a really intelligentnshuriken, or a hungrily aggressive opponent, an attack that he welcomesnwith a slice of his blade, until the swallow comes near and we realize thatnit is actually going into a vertical climb. Xu realizes and changes the direction of his sword, which follows thenswallow in its climb, and then. CRACK! One hears the sound of wood splintering. The audiences start to murmur. We see the swallow as it tumbles through the air, and then falls downnsoftly on the rooftop. There is silence, complete silence. Hu walks over to the swallow, which still seems to be sputtering on thenground, struggling, the last gasp of life emitting from its tiny beak. Then it springs back to life, almost miraculously. The spectators clap in unison as they see this. Hu is struck dumbfounded. At his seat at the tavern Prodigal Son also looks up and smiles. The swallow flies right down to him and perches on his shoulder. Then allnof a sudden it stops in motion. PRODIGAL SONnCome down, Wan Gang. Xu Wan Gang just nods and leaps down the roof and into the tavern, where henstops in front of Prodigal Son, who hands the swallow over to him, nownagain, dead as a doornail. He wraps the bird up in a cloth, along with itsnkey, and hands it over to Xu Wan Gang, who slings the package over one ofnhis shoulders. PRODIGAL SONnThis swallow will become your companion for your upcoming quest, treasurenhis companionship. Wind him up regularly so that he might challenge you tondefeat him. XU WAN GANGnAnd when I do.? PRODIGAL SONnYou will have defeated your greatest foe. XU WAN GANG But surely, with the forces of evil gathering upon our land, there will bengreater foes? PRODIGAL SONnDo not ask any more questions. Xu Wan Gang nods. XU WAN GANG Then it is my time to set off now? PRODIGAL SONnYes, it is. You are sure you know where to go? XU WAN GANG I do. PRODIGAL SONnNo you don't. Not by a long shot. Just set off now, before anythingnhappens! Xu Wan Gang nods, and runs away quickly. At this point Prodigal Son goes over to another table where a man, middle-naged and slightly graying, sits. PRODIGAL SONnXu Lian Zhang, my old friend, how have you been doing so far, so many yearsnaway from the cries of bloodshed and the ways of the sword? This man, it turns out, is XU LIAN ZHANG, Wan Gang's adopted father. XU LIAN ZHANGnWell enough, but the boy, do you think he will do well? PRODIGAL SONnHe has a fine sword to guide him, and a shard that will make others standnback in fear when they see it. XU LIAN ZHANGnYou have given him the shard? PRODIGAL SONnYes. It goes back such a long way. FLASHBACKnEXT. PLATEAU DUSKnThis is the Tibetan Plateau, and on it, two men are sitting, watching thensun set. One of the men has his back turned towards us, his long hair is flapping innthe wind. The other is YUN ZHUNG WU, man who would become first of the Prodigal Sons. The man whose face we cannot see has by now unsheathed his sword, whichnglints blood-red in the setting sun. This man is known as GUO SUN, THE MAD MONK. His real name is SHI WUSHUANG---nThe Undefeated. GUO SUNnFor how long have we known each other? YUN ZHUNG WUnSince we were soldiers in that war, mere foot soldiers. Guo Sun looks back, his face turned towards the sun, we cannot really seenhis facial features at this point. Then he takes his sword and thennperforms a few feats of amazing agility with them. Then pointing towards the horizon, he lets out a long scream. He lets the sword fall from his hand, and then he collapses to the groundnhimself. Yun Zhung Wu hurries over to Guo Sun himself. YUN ZHUNG WUnAre you alright? GUO SUNnI am fine, now take this sword. Then he closes his eyes forever. Yun Zhung Wu picks up the sword from the ground, and then sheathes it innhis waist belt. He looks up. The sky has turned red of an unbelievably rich shade, and the clouds trailnacross like pieces of silk. A solitary figure walks down the steps from the palace, and then standsnalone in the magnificent square outside it. We slowly CLOSE IN on this figure, which is none other than Yun Zhung Wunhimself. His eyes are closed. Nothing seems to be happening. A tear falls out of the corner of his eye. CLOSE UP on his hand as it grips the sword. Then we hear the narration of Prodigal Son. PRODIGAL SON (v/o)nIt was at that moment that a feeling of the purest magic came over thenfirst of the Prodigal Sons.n(Beat)nIt was an indescribable feeling, unbelievably joyous and ecstatic, becausenin the air he could feel that on this earth was ancient and unspokennnobility, and that it existed everywhere, all one had to do was to allownits gentle beauty to touch one's face. Then Yun looks up to the sky and sees it blazing red in the dusk, at thisnmoment he hears the cry of a bird. He turns around and sees that on the rooftop of the palace is a great andnnoble bird, like a hawk. It flaps its wings and takes off, streaking through the skies, and headingnfor the glorious horizon, on which may rest something greater than thisnworld. INT. HOUSE NIGHTnYun enters his large mansion with only the shard left on a dark, rainynnight. His family all look at him, furious. PRODIGAL SON(v/o)nThen it was heard that in one night the sword disappeared in my great-ngrandfather's hands, he said nothing about how it got that way, but all wenknew was only the shard remained. XU LIAN ZHANG(v/o)nDid anyone ever find it? PRODIGAL SON(v/o)nNot that I know of. Yun is now wandering alone and laughing as he carves out a walking sticknfrom the branch of a tree. PRODIGAL SON(v/o)(cont.)nMy grandfather was racked with guilt for his whole life after, thendisappearance of the sword was his failure to guard the heroic essencenpermeating the universe. Yun is now already a wanderer, leaving his angry wife and children behind,ncarrying his walking stick, he walks towards the horizon. PRODIGAL SON(v/o)(cont.)nHe fell into drink and despair, his family could no longer accept him, andnso he imposed an exile upon himself, and that for every single generationnafter, that followed right up to my father. An exile that would only endnwhen the great heroes of the past were resurrected. We all had to wear thenshard as a reminder of the shame. FLASHBACK ENDS Prodigal Son takes another swig of wine. PRODIGAL SONnUp to me. I never bothered wearing the shard, I saw the terrible powers itngives to its user.nBut I could not let it fall into any other hands than those of my own. Overnthe years my enemies have clamored for the shard, thinking that theirndisciples are worthy to wear it and to receive the powers it confers. Twoncame to me the very same day I came to give you the child. The first was ancouple, Mr and Mrs Gu Meng Zhen. They wanted the shard for their child. XU LIAN ZHANGnThose two were Wan Gang's parents? They were formidable in their time! PRODIGAL SONnIndeed, in that duel I took down the couple when they attacked. Then it wasnthe other foe's turn. But I decided it should stop because a child hadnalready been orphaned. Before he could take the child I grabbed him alongnwith the shard. I told him that eighteen years later he would receive thenchild as his follower, and that he would be the best swordsman he wouldnever take under his wing. The catch: none of us would ever tell him aboutnthe truth of his birth.n(beat)n.and that is why I came to you. Because if I trained him his life wouldnhave been without peace, and you are good and trustworthy. Xu, though, expresses no sympathy at all. XU LIAN ZHANG I have taken care of that boy ever since you gave him to me, and you toldnme that you would only tell me everything when the time came.n(Beat)nAnd so that's it, huh? A myth is what you are sending him away for, anstupid shard of a sword that just resides in legend. Your legend! Somennonsense about a great spirit I don't even believe in, and what basicallynamounts to a foolish bet with an enemy you could not bother to defeat! Prodigal Son looks down thoughtfully. PRODIGAL SONnYes, that's it. Xu is visibly getting extremely angry at this point. CLOSE UP on his hand holding the winecup as it starts to shake, then itnshakes, even worse than before the second time around, and finally. IT SHATTERS. Obviously this man is a mean martial arts expert. The shards of the cup fly everywhere, and he stands up in anguish. The tavern owner jumps up in fright as he keeps the wine cups a neighboringnseat has left behind. XU LIAN ZHANGnYou know what, you're a nut! Who's this enemy of yours? PRODIGAL SONnPathfinder. XU LIAN ZHANG Well, I'll be. PRODIGAL SONn I pray that you have trained my boy well enough, he's going to need it. Xu gets up from the table, and whips out his sword quick as hell from itsnscabbard. Then he swipes it down through the air before sheathing it again. The table seems okay at first, then. A crack appears horizontally right down the table, and it splits into two.nThe wine jug and cups smash into pieces on the floor. XU LIAN ZHANGnI have taught him everything I know. The tavern owner starts screaming at this point. TAVERN OWNER You better pay for that thing! Prodigal Son just turns coolly and calmly to the Tavern Owner. PRODIGAL SONnDon't worry. I will. Xu Lian Zhang seethes in anger at Prodigal Son. XU LIAN ZHANG Let me tell you this, you will pay too if anything happens to my boy at thenhands of that.that.madman! Xu Lian Zhang goes off in a huff. PRODIGAL SONnIf you have truly taught him everything that you ever knew, I would notnhave to pay. He stands there and laughs, then he chucks a bag of coins at the tavernnowner. Just then, the roof of the tavern starts to shake. Bits of debris come falling down. PRODIGAL SONnThey're here. XU LIAN ZHANG Your enemies, huh? Well, someone's got to get rid of them. The two of them ready their positions. Just then the roof burst open and a figure falls through, leaping down onnthe both of them. It is a sinister figure, all alone and dressed in anskintight black suit, and carrying a short staff across his back. FIGUREnI have come for the boy. PRODIGAL SONnHe's not here anymore. FIGURE Well, then tell me where he's gone. You will be rewarded. The tavern owner just does not know how to keep his mouth shut and screamsnat the figure this very moment. TAVERN OWNER You better pay for that damage! The figure shoots an angry glare at the tavern owner and then screams aloudnat him, his voice resonating throughout. FIGURE I want one jug of wine! Now! The tavern owner starts to tremble. TAVERN OWNERnYes sir, yes sir. He brings the jug of wine over to the angered guest. Then he goes over andnshuts the door to the entire place. Now it is sealed. He then slinks offndeeply behind the counter and then slowly scrunches himself down. The figre then takes a huge swig of wine. FIGUREnNow where is the boy? EXT. GROVE NIGHTnThis is a quiet grove with a solitary pavilion right in the middle of it.nThere are a few lights scattered nearby. All is quiet at this time of night. In the pavilion, we see a lone man sitting there. This is a middle-aged man with a thin and bony face that appears as thoughnhis skin was a rubber mask jus stretched over, his eyes are burning withnambition and intent. In front of the man we see another figure, this is a slender, sleek youngnwoman, a teenager of around Xu's age. She is carrying two daggers by hernside. This is YUE YING. The man is her master, known generally as THE PATHFINDER. PATHFINDER You may recall that when you were old enough I had told you about the bet. YUE YING Yes, Master. PATHFINDERnWhen you were old enough, Prodigal Son would send his challenger over tonyou, and you must do everything you can to defeat him. Yue Ying answers her master obediently. YUE YING If I do so, and then only will I be able to fulfill my destiny. Just then someone is seen walking through the shadows, that person isnironically, humming a rather light tune. It is none other than Xu Wan Gang. INT. TAVERN NIGHTnAt this point in time, the figure has laid down the half-full jar of winenon the table after his swig. He turns to Xu and Prodigal Son. FIGUREnNow where is the boy? By the order of the Darklight Alliance I am askingnyou that question. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnYue Ying whispers to her Master. YUE YINGnIs that the person you are talking about? PATHFINDER Watch him, and you will find out. Xu Wan Gang approaches the pavilion, looking rather clueless. The shardnaround his neck is glinting. At this point Yue Ying retreats into the shadows. XU WAN GANGnSo this is where Master told me to wait.n(Beat)nHello, is anyone there? INT. TAVERN NIGHTnXu Lian Zhang's eyes are wide in shock has he hears the declaration of thenfigure. XU LIAN ZHANG (to Prodigal Son) You made enemies with the Darklight Alliance too? PRODIGAL SONnEverybody's their enemy. FIGUREnIndeed.n(Beat)nI am Shadowhunter, former mercenary, now gainfully employed. Pleased tonmeet your acquaintance. XU LIAN ZHANG Should have known a creep like you would have chosen to side them. PRODIGAL SONnWell, in that case, I see that you are indeed in your own right annexceptional man. XU LIAN ZHANGnWhat are you doing, you.you. By now Xu is extremely pissed. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnIn the dark corners Yue Ying's eyes bulge wide open in disbelief. YUE YING(to herself)nIs this guy crazy? Though her voice is soft, Xu Wan Gang seems able to hear it. XU WAN GANG There you are, come out, stop hiding! We see as Pathfinder looks on, extremely interested. INT. TAVERN DAYnProdigal Son walks over to Shadowhunter, who stands at his table, footnpropped on the bench, and drinks his wine with a satisfied smile while hennods at Prodigal Son's remarks. PRODIGAL SONnYou can tell your Masters that the boy is now headed for an important duel,nand that there you can lay down an ambush for him with all of your men,nthen chop him to pieces and deliver the shard to your Masters. I will tellnyou the location of the duel provided you.CATCH THIS! Prodigal Son thrusts his staff forward so that the wine gourd hanging on itnis flung towards Shadowhunter as a projectile weapon. Shadowhunter is no slouch, and using his jug of wine as a shield, blocksnthe wine gourd so that both containers shatter to pieces upon contact. He then leaps up into the air, drawing out the very long-hilted saber henhas on his back, does a flip in mid-air and lands on the floor in a combat-nready pose. Xu and Prodigal Son say nothing, but draw their weapons and head on for anclash. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnPathfinder catches the glimpse of the shard that is hanging around Xu WannGang's neck. PATHFINDER That's him, NOW! Yue Ying emerges from the shadows, brandishing her daggers, she comesncrashing right down on Xu Wan Gang. He dodges by making a backflip. CLOSE UP on his hand, he draws his weapon. Then their blades clash. His single long double-edged sword is pittednagainst her two single-edged, tapered daggers. He is stronger and surer,nbut she is younger and faster, and more acrobatic. One moment he seems to have her cornered, but she runs so fast that beforenhe knows it she is behind her and is attempting to make a stab at him fromnthe back, but with one swift gesture he parries her dagger. She starts whirling around like a dervish, the blows coming on swifter eachntime. But all the while his other free hand is in a guarding position,nfending off her attacks by hitting the elbow or wrist each time she isnabout to make a critical move. He realizes she is attempting to close offnthe distance between them and then delivers a kick that sends her reelingnto another end of the clearing in which they fight. But in the dark as the shot pulls back we see something both combatants arennot concentrating upon, there is an AMBUSH around here. In the dark one of the ambushing men readies an arrow to his bow. INT. TAVERN DAYnThe battle in the tavern is raging on, the two men and Shadowhunter arenclashing. Shadowhunter's long-hilted saber is an effective match for taking on thensword of Xu Lian Zhang and the staff of Prodigal Son as it often combinesnthe utilities of both. SHADOWHUNTER Come and give me all you've got, I love to fight after drinking! We also see that at the end of the hilt of Shadowhunter's saber is a verynlarge coin, a picture of a tiger is engraved on it. The coin gleams in thendim light as the fight rages on. CLOSE UP on the feet of the men as they fight, we realize that they arenBARELY touching the floor. These guys are almost hovering a few millimetersnabove ground. After many increasingly furious bouts where Shadowhunter goes from thrust-nand-parry to wide arcs and sweeps and finally, his saber whirring around inna move of cyclonic intensity. Of which the two men combined seem to have nonway to counter. Finally Shadowhunter manages to break past the heavy defenses that the twonmen have put up, and deliver two mighty kicks to both of them that sendnthem flying through the air. The two men though actually do a flip in mid-air and land on their feet. We see that as they do so their shoes cause dents in the floor. Then thentwo leap in, surrounding Shadowhunter, who does his best to keep them atnbay with wide sweeps of his saber. As the fury of the fight rages on, we see that the tavern owner isnsearching fast and frantic behind the counter, looking for something. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnYue Ying is starting to become amazed by the rate at which Xu can maneuvernhis sword, he is almost able to predict her moves with amazing accuracy.nBut Yue is just as skilled in the manipulation of her twin daggers. Jabbingnone minute, parrying the next, and narrowly missing Xu in some instances. Pathfinder looks on, amazed. PATHFINDERnAmazing! Despite the fact that of her two hands holding the daggers, one ofnthem is to act as a distraction for the opponent, that boy is able to seenthrough all this! From behind Pathfinder a figure seems to emerge from the shadows. FIGUREnShall I carry on with it, sir? PATHFINDER No, do not interrupt the match as of yet. We see this in display as Yue seems to swish and swirl a dagger all aroundnwith her left hand, while her right dagger is twirling, but always by hernside, prepared to attack once she catches Xu off guard. Xu wastes no time and deflects the left dagger with his blade, and at thensame time using his free hand, in a grappling gesture, ready to receive thenother dagger. They fight for a while, then they stop. XU WAN GANG Who are you? YUE YINGnDon't ask me stupid questions, I have no time to entertain that! The two clash a little more. Xu's blade comes crashing down, Yue's twin daggers meet it and effectivelyndeflect it. Xu puts up his sword in a defensive position as Yue closes in, she isnunable to break his defensive moves despite her increasing agility. Thennshe flips over 360 degrees, and with her head down, actually attempts tonhew off Xu's feet, but he fends her off with two strikes. She leaps back again, the two engage each other in a Lufberry Circle, thisnmeans that it's becoming increasingly hard to tell the difference betweennchaser and chased. The blades clash, rotate, separate, parry and whirlnround faster than most human eyes can register. Xu deflects Yue's blade to the side. Leaving her defenceless and he in anposition ready to kill her. But he doesn't. INT. TAVERN DAYnThe fight rages on, this time it seems that Shadowhunter is growingnincreasingly powerful, his attacks ever intense. The two men now havenShadowhunter surrounded and are running circles around him. At the same time Shadowhunter is also whirring around on his feet, hisnsaber up to the challenge despite the increased intensity. He seems to haveneyes at the back of his head judging by the ability to which he can evennseem to know the moves that opponents behind him are making. Then with one slash of his saber to the back, he wounds Prodigal Son rightnacross the chest and then whirring around, kicks Prodigal Son in the chestnso that he is flung far, far backwards. Then Xu Lian Zhang rushes in for the cut, but the \"wide open space\" thatnShadowhunter has left is but a sell for the oncoming attack. Whirring hisnsword around so that the hilt if pointing away from him, thrusting thensword forward he launches an attack at Xu, hitting him on the chin andnknocking his head backwards. Blood spews out of his mouth as he is thrownnback. Xu picks himself up. The blood drips off him in the dim light. He makes a flying leap over tonShadowhunter, who now looks upon him with much disdain, mouth locked in ansneer. Shadowhunter thinks this is going to be easy, is he wrong. Meanwhile the tavern owner is still searching behind the counter fornsomething. Then he finds it. It is a very big wooden container, and he opens it, inside he finds allnmanner of gadgets, potions and blades of assorted sizes and shapes. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnXu Wan Gang is furious as he looks at Yue Ying, who he was just having a to-nthe-death face-off with minutes ago. XU WAN GANG Look, I'm asking, are you the person I was supposed to meet?! Yue smirks, and then gathering all her strength, pushes the sword back,ndeflecting it away from her and then delivers a kick to his chest, sendingnhim reeling backwards. He picks himself up, calm and composed, and then strikes a combat positionnonce more. The two of them start fighting again, their blades zipping around, formingnarcs of silver that gleam in the moonlight. As they zip around the place, the combined force of their attacks, everynthrust, every riposte, every instance of flurry in which they move about,nthe leaves under their feet start moving. As though there is a cyclonenpassing through. Xu Wan Gang is under great control, his attacks are systematic, forcefulnand powerful. Often they are quicker than the eye can register. If shenattacks the top half of his body, his sword maneuvers to defend it evennbefore she reaches. Yue's daggers though, resembles the shuttles of a maiden who works on thenweaving loom in their speed, coming alive in her skilled little hands. Just as Xu swings his sword left to right while Yue is trying to interceptnit, Pathfinder seems to snap in anger as he sits in his pavilion. PATHFINDERnCheat! His cry echoes through the dark, both angry and frustrated. Xu suddenly stops. PATHFINDER The sword! He has actually given it to you! Pathfinder throws several needles he has kept in his sleeve at Xu, whonraises his sword to parry it, but then we realize. SLO-MO:The needles fly towards Xu like raindrops, these are very elusivenand hard weapons to catch for any ordinary fighter. But then somehow Xu catches them all. That in fact all of the needles, thin as they are, have become embeddednwithin the sword itself! This surprises Xu as he gives the sword a good shake and all the needlesnfall to the ground. PATHFINDER You saw that now, it's the chance to prove yourself! Destroy him! Yue Ying agrees, and then starts attacking Xu rapidly with both herndaggers. The two fight, after a few rounds Xu has struck Yue to the ground, wherenshe lies, then she gets back on her feet, leaping gracefully in a swift arcnthrough the air and leaps in front of Xu, her twin daggers swiping the air. But he is no slouch either, and he has used his sword to parry the twondaggers at both points. Then he twists his sword around, so fast that Yuencan no longer hold her own. Then with one decisive blow he knocks the two daggers from her hands, theynland miles away. Now we see that the ambushed figures in the dark are getting ready withntheir arrows. INT. TAVERN NIGHTnThe tavern owner sorts through the various blades, and then finds one whichnis around the same length as a dagger, but with a serrated edge. Meanwhile the standoff between Xu Lian Zhang and Shadowhunter has alreadyntaken place. Then the clash begins. Xu slices a hard one, straight down at Shadowhunter, who attempts tonintercept it with his own sword but he just realizes that his sword.goesnright through Xu's! He withdraws his sword, the two of them engage in a few more lightning-fastnbouts, and then we see that Xu has entrapped Shadowhunter's blade withinnhis own sword again. Shadowhunter starts backing off in fright. XU LIAN ZHANG That is the price you pay for underestimating me. Shadowhunter starts backing off into defense, now confused at this weaponnXu is using. Xu leaps forward and strikes him with the weapon, he parries, and his sabernis stuck in the sword again! EXT. GROVE NIGHTnAt this point Pathfinder laughs, and then he rises from his seat in thenpavilion. He walks over to the two former combatants. Yue Ying lying in a state ofnshock, and likewise Xu Wan Gang, who is squatting in front of her. Pathfinder walks over to Xu Wan Gang, who puts up a defensive position withnhis sword. PATHFINDERnPut it down, boy. I will demonstrate to my student the properties of yournweapon. Tremblingly, Xu Wan Gang hands the weapon over to Pathfinder. Pathfinder touches the blade of the sword with his hand gently. PATHFINDER This sword's blade is parted in two, but so finely parted it is that atnfirst glance it would appear to be a normal blade, until it engages anweapon head on. INT. TAVERN NIGHTnPathfinder's narration continues through the transition. Now we witness the fight between Xu Lian Zhang and Shadowhunter. Right nownXu is definitely on the winning side. He has already entrappednShadowhunter's saber within his custom-made sword and is now pushing thenblade to the ground. XU LIAN ZHANGnI have been saving up all of my energy for this one, are you ready? Shadowhunter can barely nod when Xu Lian Zhang leaps over him. CLOSE UP on the two swords entangled in each other, and we see that thenblade on Xu's sword actually twists and yanks the saber from Shadowhunter'sn hand. PATHFINDER(v/o)nThen it is capable of entrapping and even yanking weapons with the greatestnof ease, especially in the hands of a master. As Pathfinder narrates we see as the saber is flunked to the other end ofnthe room at the same time that Xu delivers Shadowhunter a kick, flingingnhim a few metres' distance. As Shadowhunter picks himself up slowly and painfully, Xu glides over tonthe other end of the room and picks up the saber. XU LIAN ZHANG You have lost, I don't play games. EXT. GROVE NIGHTnPathfinder is now speaking to both Yue Ying and Xu Wan Gang, they arenseated in the pavilion, and candles have been lit. PATHFINDERnBut sometimes even a student as yourself can find yourself in that positionnwhen you want to survive, and that hidden strength emerges.n(to Yue Ying)nDo you understand? Yue Ying nods, almost meekly. Pathfinder turns over to Xu Wan Gang. PATHFINDER(cont.)nWell I can guarantee now that for as long as I live, I have not regrettednthat the shard is with you, you are indeed fearsome enough to live up tonthe shard's reputation. Then he lets out one hearty laugh. Xu Wan Gang looks on surprised, the girl is front of him looks so sweet andndemure especially in the moonlight. Then he looks back at Pathfinder, whonis now looking more genial than anything. Out of the shadows of the forest walk the archers that have been lying innwait all along. The lead archer is named FENG XIAN, and he looks the part of a rough-and-ntumble mercenary. FENG XIAN Master, I am sure everything is okay now. PATHFINDER Yes, yes, everything is, Feng Xian, everything is. The archers sit down in outside the pavilion. XU WAN GANGnThis sure is one strange night. PATHFINDERnIndeed it should be for you, Xu Wan Gang, things are about to change.nThe reason Pathfinder is calling him this is because he doesn't know thentruth about Xu Wan Gang's parentage. INT. TAVERN NIGHTnShadowhunter has picked himself up and removes two sets of darts from thenfolds of his shirt, he is ready to throw them at Xu Lian Zhang, whonlikewise is prepared with both his weapons. Then from behind the counter the tavern owner is revealed to have mixed twonof the potions in the box in a vial. He now throws the vial over at thendefeated Shadowhunter, it explodes in the air in a puff of green smoke,nblinding him. Shadowhunter screams and tries to run away. At this time many people crash through the second-storey paper-screennwindows. At this time Prodigal Son awakens. PRODIGAL SON Oh damn. These are men in blue and gold robes. The members of the Hidden MountainnSociety led by Huang Yan Sheng, who leaps onto Shadowhunter and grabs himnby the shoulder, pulling him back and flooring him instantly. Wu Mo Linstands beside her teacher and unsheathing her sword, points it around thenroom. WU MO LInDon't anybody move, I see that all of you have been engaging in impropernconduct and indulging in evil and corrupt practices. At this point Xu Lian Zhang has boiled into fury. XU LIAN ZHANGnWho are you to spout this self-righteousness? WU MO LInOutcasts and renegades! Prodigal Son walks slowly over to the members of the Hidden MountainnSociety. PRODIGAL SONnIndeed we are of such stock that don't know the least bit of righteousness,nso can you try to enlighten us a little? WU MO LInFirst of all, he. She points to Xu Lian Zhang, who has dropped his weapons. Then stamping hernfoot once on the floor she causes Xu's personal sword to fly up into thenair, which she catches with her hand and shows to Prodigal Son. WU MO LI(cont.)nWas using this thing. PRODIGAL SONnAh, I see. Resorting to foul play. Xu bursts out in a fit of anger as two members of the Hidden Mountainnsociety put his hands behind his back. XU LIAN ZHANG Blame my fighting methods for being unorthodox, then, that's all you canndo! Well, what I know is I beat this envoy of the Darklight Alliance wellnand good! Right now we see as Huang Yan Sheng, his hand laid on the shoulder ofnShadowhunter, he crunches the shoulder of the man, and Shadowhunter letsnout a yell. Prodigal Son looks on uncomfortably. When Huang is finished, Shadowhunter collapses to the ground. HUANG YAN SHENG He has led a life of wickedness, I have now crippled him permanently,nnothing else needs to be followed. Huang Yan Sheng goes over and talks to Prodigal Son and Xu. HUANG YAN SHENG Now I would like both of you gentlemen to join us in our coming battlenagainst the Darklight Alliance. At the same time I am offering the two ofnyou a chance to turn over a new leaf. XU LIAN ZHANG Bah! You can go on and on, personally I can see why I need to join you, butnno one will get me to turn over a new leaf when I have done nothing wrong! Xu turns to the tavern owner. XU LIAN ZHANG Give me my kit, and thanks for having safekept it! The tavern owner nods. TAVERN OWNER Now it is my time to follow you. Prodigal Son stares at him in surprise. PRODIGAL SONnYou mean.? XU LIAN ZHANG He's my friend, Dai Hao Chen, the fast runner. Able to run a thousand milesna day without losing a single breath. HUANG YAN SHENGnWell, that's good to know, this is a lair of such extraordinary talent.n(Beat) I worry for all of you here, you know if I hadn't come earlier, talentsnlike yours would have definitely been recruited by the Darklight Alliance!nWhere is that sense of good and evil within you, if you have any at all? Xu Lian Zhang just struts towards Huang. XU LIAN ZHANG I don't give a damn about what you have in mind, I just know I have to stopnthe Darklight Alliance because they don't mean anyone well, and I will usenevery single means I can to do it. HUANG YAN SHENG That's a wound in your character that evil preys upon. Come gentlemen, wenshall set off from here, the rest of the Darklight Alliance's scum can't benfar behind. PRODIGAL SONnIndeed, I will take your wise advice on that. EXT. TOWN NIGHTnIt has right now started to rain. In the dark night we see as the newly-formed alliance walks out, Huang YannSheng and Wu Mo Li are in the lead. They are followed by the members of the Hidden Mountain Society. And at the back are the two \"renegades\": Prodigal Son and Xu Lian Zhang.nKept watch over by two members of the Hidden Mountain Society, who carrynlanterns. Xu is grumbling, but Prodigal just lays a hand on his shoulder. From ground level the view slowly moves upwards, as we see the processionnheads across town and over the bridge. And from there, it's off into the wilderness. FADE TO BLACK EXT. GROVE NIGHTnAt the grove with the pavilion, Xu Wan Gang is listening to Pathfinder, asnhe listens he gets increasingly mad. PATHFINDERnSo I am really very sorry for whatever it is that happened, because I seenthat you are indeed worthy of wearing that shard and therefore my studentnshould not have tried to kill you. Yue Ying is looking genuinely shy, hardly the fierce warrior that she wasnjust moments ago, we see as her cheeks turn red. YUE YINGnI am so sorry over what happened just now. My name is Yue Ying. My fatherndied at the hands of the Darklight Alliance. XU WAN GANGnI'm Xu Wan Gang, I was orphaned not by the Darklight Alliance but by anflood in my hometown. PATHFINDERnThey call me Pathfinder.n(Beat)nYou see, many years ago I had already heard of the rise of the DarklightnAlliance, and I had this bet with Prodigal Son that we both had to passndown our best skills to a new generation before we all got old and died.n(Beat)nI had no idea why he did not want to train you himself, but apparentlynsending you to Xu Lian Zhang did you quite a lot of good. Pathfinder lets out a sigh, and then continues talking. PATHFINDERnXu is one of the best, his methods are considered unorthodox by many, butnstill, whatever it takes to get the job done.n(Beat)nNow I have only one question to ask you, would you wish to join me in thenoncoming battle to defeat the Darklight Alliance? You only have to say yesnor no. Xu sits there and thinks. XU WAN GANGnYes. PATHFINDER Good then, if someone of your talent does not wish to take part in such annimportant event, I would have considered you good as dead. Pathfinder smiles at Xu, rather evilly. PATHFINDER (Cont.)nAnd I would have to do the killing myself. Then he bursts out into a laugh. Xu is dumbstruck. Then Pathfinder stands up, and then calls to thenmercenaries. PATHFINDERnSo come on, it's time to go, we have little to waste, because the DarklightnAlliance's forces are sweeping the land. The mercenaries nod, and take their stand. Then they set off. Pathfinder, Xu Wan Gang and Yue Ying follow. Pathfinder walks on his own, while Yue Ying and Xu Wan Gang are left onntheir own to talk to each other. Yue Ying leans over to Xu and whispers to him. YUE YINGnNot many people can get past my Master alive. Count yourself lucky. XU WAN GANGnHe's creepy, what's it with him? YUE YINGnHe told me that I was to defeat you if I was to be of any use in thenupcoming war against evil, then he saw how good you were and decided thatnhe should let you live. He also told me that he would see to getting rid ofnme if I didn't do well enough, but now he's really kind of forgottenneverything. XU WAN GANG Does he really mean it? YUE YINGnI don't know, but he has gone through things most people won't understand,nhe's led a hard life. XU WAN GANGnI don't know, but he sure does not look like a good person to me. YUE YINGnHe let you live, don't get on his nerves. He's just in a good mood.n(Beat)nAnd what about that weapon your Master gave you? Isn't that despicable too? XU WAN GANGnHey I had no idea it could, it was almost out of instinct that I did that. YUE YINGnInstinct? Let me tell you such sharp instinct can only come from someonengreat.n(Beat)nLike someone fit to possess that shard. So you better learn about yournplace, and it's with us, in our war! XU WAN GANGnIf I really was someone great, yeah right. At this moment we someone in the trees, perched on a branch and sulking. It is none other than Lei Shun Jing, the infamous sword thief. LEI SHUN JINGnHaven't seen any worthy competition in ages! Huo Ding Chu, sissy! Cheat! His eyes open wide as he sees the procession led by Pathfinder travel undernthe tree he is on. LEI SHUN JING Oh yes, wait till you see the surprise that I have prepared for you! He starts leaping effortlessly from one tree to another, following thenprocession as he does so. As the point of view rises higher we see that the procession is walkingnthrough the seemingly endless forest towards the horizon. FADE TO BLACKnEXT. WILDERNESS DAWNnWe are now on a wide plain of grass, on a road through which the processionnled by Huang Yan Sheng heads. The dawn colors the sky a resplendent red. As they walk through the plain, they spot an old man and a young womannlying by the side of the road. The young woman is giving the old man water from a gourd around her waist. These two are none other than Huo Ding Chu and Zhen Xi Ling. The procession stops there. Huang runs over to the two of them. HUANGnAre the two of you alright? Zhen Xi Ling nods. ZHEN XI LINGnOh we are so glad to see you, you're.you're a man of great renown, MasternHuang, you have no idea how much we need you. HUANG YAN SHENG Fret not, I offer help without hesitation. ZHEN XI LINGnI think we've been lucky. My master, he accepted a challenge by Lei ShunnJing, the infamous \"Sword Capturer\". And even with me helping him, he lost.n(Beat)nrather badly. HUANG YAN SHENG Well well, we can see that. He'll probably need to recover for a few morendays. Lei is a nuisance and a danger to every single one of us. Huang Yan Sheng turns around and gestures to Wu Mo Li. HUANG YAN SHENG (cont.)nNow, my student, you must learn from this. ZHEN XI LINGnIn the meantime, I have managed to grab hold of one of his swords. Zhen Xi Ling takes out the sword that Lei threw during the fight and showsnit in front of Huang, whose eyes open wide. Huang shakes his head and makes a loud, almost dramatic declaration. HUANG YAN SHENGnWhat an innocent life has been taken! Meanwhile, Prodigal Son and Xu Lian Zhang roll their eyes. Huang gives the sword over to Wu Mo Li. HUANG YAN SHENGnMo Li, my student, did you recall me telling you about the path to power? WU MO LInYes, that the path to power is often dangerous, it is an obsession thatnconsumes those upon it, removing their entire identity and sense of self,nand turning them into pure hunger for the sensation of defeating andntriumphing over the opponent. Nobility and honor become replaced with anstab to the neck and a slice in the gut. HUANG YAN SHENG Indeed that you have well decided to elaborate on it. Huang hands the sword over to Zhen Xi Ling, who sheathes it. WU MO LInThe Darklight Alliance will definitely make use of someone like that forntheir purpose. Zhen Xi Ling nods. ZHEN XI LINGnThen I will have to find a way to stop him. WU MO LI We are just heading back to our main camp. There your Master will be ablento recover. Zhen Xi Ling nods and then picks herself up, carrying her master on hernback. ZHEN XI LING(to Huo Ding Chu)nDon't worry now, Master, you'll be fine, we've met a great man. Her Master can only nod faintly as she carries him along. At this point in time, Dai Hao Chen, back already laden with luggage, popsnforward, his feet are extraordinarily nimble and quick for his size. EXT. TOWN DAYnThis is a busy-looking large town, filled with activity on every street. Here we see a man walking. This is a barrel-chested middle-aged man dressednin a long robe. He has a massively bearded face with strong features, clearneyes and a prominent nose. They are a boy and a girl. Both are barely into their teens right now. Bothnhave not-quite Chinese features on their faces, in fact, they look almostnCaucasian in places. This man is BAI BIAO, and on his back he carries one very huge sword. Hisntwo children follow him. He is talking and laughing with them. BAI BIAOnSo, why don't we go for some nice food? I think all this walking has madenme hungry. His children nod. Their names are BAI GE NI and BAI JIE, respectivelyndaughter and son. INT. TAVERN DAYnThe Bai family is happily enjoying breakfast, congee, with various othernsmall dishes by the side. Through the window they are sitting next to we can see that the constablesnhave already taken Shadowhunter down and are leading him to the courthousenor county jail. Bai Ge Ni is the first to speak to her father. BAI GE NInThis breakfast is good, I hope you can take us here more often. BAI BIAOnWell, it's not like I can take my children to work all the time. BAI JIEnBut I hope that you do it more often, dad. BAI BIAOnWell, I'll have to see about that, for sure. Maybe if an opportunity comesnand I afford it, I will. He takes a sip of tea and then gets up from the table. BAI BIAO(cont.)nCome on, children, it's time to go and attend the ceremony of fire, as annheir to the Alliance this is something you have to witness given your age.n(Beat)nCome on, kids, there's not much more time to lose; we must reach the placenby nightfall. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. BRIDGE DUSKnWe are at a stone bridge going over a large lake, and here Bai Biao walksnalong, his two children in tow. All three of them look remarkably composed. Just then from the other end of the bridge we see as a young man walks tonBai Biao. He is dressed in rather rich robes and looks rather fine andndandy. He holds a fan in his hand. This is AN KUI. AN KUInWarmest welcome to you, Uncle. Long live the Darklight Alliance! Come intonmy humble abode. Indeed, Bai Biao is one of the much feared Darklight Alliance. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS DAYnIt turns out that An Kui lives in a huge and rather extravagant mansion, ornrather mansions, since the compound contains numerous buildings, completenwith large gardens and walkways filled with bird cages. There is even anlake. The twittering of the birds fills the air as Bai Biao enters, stridingnmajestically. His children look on in pride at their father. When Bai Biao sees the bird cages there is an expression of rage on hisnface. He walks over to An Kui and then grabs him by the collar, after which henshoves him aside. An Kui falls into the small pond nearby. BAI BIAOnAs the leader of its base of operations in these few provinces you are andisgrace to the Darklight Alliance, how much of your father's funds havenyou embezzled for this place? AN KUInYes.but so far as the old man doesn't mind. BAI BIAOnWhat would your father say if he were in better health? Considering thatnaccording to you, we have nearly experts from all around China in ournemploy?n(Beat)nYour father founded the Darklight Alliance, and he is my true friend, if henwasn't ill at this moment he would have come and whipped you like thenimmature little boy you are! An Kui cowers as Bai Biao thunders. He turns to his children. BAI BIAOnChildren, do not grow up to be like this man here. An Kui can only echo timidly as he picks himself up from the pond. AN KUInThat's right, children. Bai Biao turns to An Kui, seething. BAI BIAOnDo not repeat everything I say. I will govern my own household just as yournfather should have governed his, starting with YOU! In the meantime, if younreally wish to govern my household I can leave my children with you. I'vengot some personal matters to attend to later on. AN KUInWhat?.I mean.yes, Uncle. By the way, I have some excellent news tonreport.one of our agents has located the legendary shard of Shi Wu Shuang'snSword! BAI BIAO WHAT? That thing is a legend! Did he find.? AN KUInHe failed, he's now in jail. Bai Biao spits in disgust. BAI BIAOnNot as much as you deserve to be. If any of this is a lie you watch whatnI'll do to you. AN KUInYes.yes, sir. A timid smile spreads across An Kui's face. EXT. FOREST DAYnAcross the forest the procession led by Pathfinder, followed by the variousnmercenaries, Xu Wan Gang and Yue Ying speeds on. Perched on a tree, and unseen to them, is none other than Lei Shun Jingnhimself. Right now he is watching with immense interest. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS DAYnBai Biao wears a calm expression for now. BAI BIAO If I am not mistaken there will be men coming from the East soon, right? AN KUInYes, Uncle. I believe you will be pleased to see the success of thisnmassacre. BAI BIAOnGood. EXT. FOREST DAYnThe procession of Pathfinder heads on. XU WAN GANG Where are we headed now? YUE YINGnMy Master is out to track down his latest target. XU WAN GANG What might that be? YUE YINGnHe will track down An Kui, son of An Hao Hai, and hold him up for ransom. XU WAN GANG Who is that? I am really confused. YUE YING Didn't Xu Lian Zhang teach you anything about all this, Wan Gang? XU WAN GANG He taught me nothing much, Ying, but he just taught me to stay true to mynword. He said that that was all that was important in this world. Yue Ying looks down, but we can almost see a smile move across her face. XU WAN GANGnWell, who is this An Hao Hai? YUE YINGnThere's a long story. FLASHBACK BEGINSnEXT. MOUNTAIN DAYnOn a mountain-top pavilion, we see as two men and a woman cross theirnrespective weapons. One of the men is a very young Bai Biao. The other man is AN HAO HAInhimself.nThe woman has long, almost reddish hair, rare for a Chinese, and carries anvery large saber, unnatural for her frail-looking frame. These are the three members of the Darklight Alliance. And as they crossntheir swords they start to chant. YUE YING(v/o)nEveryone talks about the Darklight Alliance these days, but nobody reallynknows the truth about them, not even many of the other members of thenmartial realm.n(Beat)nAbout ten years ago, An Hao Hai, the grandson of the Great Assassin An SenQiu, founded a cult on a Mountain top in the Himalayas.nThis cult posed itself as the organization needed to resurrect the spiritnof the greatest of all warriors, Shi Wushuang the Undefeated.n(Beat)nThe three of them. CLOSE UP on their individual faces as she narrates. YUE YING(v/o)nBai Biao, known as the Snow Tiger and Wu Xuan Mei, Mistress of the PlumnBlossoms joined him immediately as two of his top believers, lending thenresources at their disposal to his cause.already known in their own right,nthey lent their resources to his cause. As they chant we slowly pull back to see the magnificent mountain range. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOOTPATH DAYnAcross this footpath in the countryside a large army of guys in black, likenthe ones we saw attacking the small group of swordsmen in the beginning,nare massacring a large number of warrior Tao priests. YUE YING(v/o)nSlowly but surely they built up an army that would consist of who theynthought were the best and strongest warriors in the land, with the solenpurpose of destroying any foe they believed too weak. DISSOLVE TO:nINT. HALL DAYnA lonely hall where we see An Hao Hai sitting, lonely and rather depressed.n He is an old man, with long tresses and a beard. We slowly close in on his sad face. YUE YING(v/o)nBut as of now, An Hao Hai is the weak link among the Darklight Alliance. Innlate years he has become reclusive and eccentric.and now only Bai Biao andnWu Xuan Mei are having any control, it will not be long one of them startsnan internal revolt. XU WAN GANG(v/o)nWhatever happened to An Hao Hai? YUE YING(v/o)nI do not know. But if An Hao Hai is weakened further it will speed up thencrumbling of the Alliance. And the target is his son, who the old man hasnso little control of he is embezzling funds right under his father's nose.nThen we'll see what happens when he comes after his little spoilt brat! On the close up to An Hao Hai's face we DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FOREST DAYnYue Ying and Xu Wan Gang are talking. YUE YING That is where we are going now, for our cause, and for me, the DarklightnAlliance will pay for the day they orphaned me when Bai Biao killed mynfather. XU WAN GANGnOh, I'm sorry. At this moment we see that there is a shadow in the trees, it is none othernthan Lei Shun Jing himself. EXT. MOUNTAIN DAYnThis mountain rises high up into the sky. Birds fly across its peak. It isnenshrouded in a thick wrap of clouds. As we move closer, the clouds slowly part, and under them we now see.. On the side of the mountain, located among the greenery, a large fortress. This is the main headquarters of the Hidden Mountain Society. INT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS MAIN HALLnThe hall of the Hidden Mountain Society is tastefully decorated, withnlanterns hanging around and intricate carvings. At one end of the hall a fire is burning, providing the room's source ofnlight. The hall is deserted at this time of the day, but here we see that Zhen XinLing is practicing her swordplay. She is extremely graceful, her sword slashing left and right as she prancesnaround with the light-footedness of a deer. She leaps here and there, attacking imaginary foes as she does so. We see that one of her hands is in a bandage, obviously from the attempt tongrab Lei Shun Jing's projectile. She takes three stabs at the air. ZHEN XI LINGnTake that, and that, and that! Her imaginary foe falls, and then she whirls around, delivering a thrustninto the heart of another imaginary foe. Just then some footsteps approach. It is another woman, smiling, her long dark tresses framing her ivory-ncomplexioned face, it is none other than Wu Mo Li. WU MO LInI can see that you are determined, huh? Zhen Xi Ling stops her practice and turns to Wu Mo Li. ZHEN XI LINGnYes, sister. I'm going to get back at the man who did this to my Master, bynall means. How can people like Lei Shun Jing deserve to live? WU MO LInIndeed, he has done more evil than possibly imaginable for any person. Inwish we could have people like you, a thousand people like you, to get ridnof the likes of him. Zhen Xi Ling practices with her sword a little more, she is more fierce andndetermined. Leaping around, jabbing and slicing, her other hand is holdingnthe scabbard. WU MO LInCome, let's have a go together, shall we? Zhen Xi Ling stammers slightly as the slightly larger woman comes near her. ZHEN XI LING Well I may disappoint you. WU MO LInCome on, I'm here to teach, don't be scared. The two start to fight. And from the start we already see that while Zhen Xi Ling is light andnswift, Wu Mo Li is far more forceful, her double-edged sword cutting backnand forth, and wherever it goes the air seems to become electrified by itsnsheer force alone. After a few rounds of thrust and parry, more complex moves ensue. Wu Mo Li takes a swipe from downwards up, parried by Zhen Xi Ling, but Wundeflects her sword to the side straightaway and then takes a kick with hernfoot, Zhen Xi Ling is fast enough to dodge and then leaps a few feet away. She strikes a pose, and then comes on, making three rapid thrusts innsuccession, all of which Wu dodges with remarkable skill. Wu comes on again, faster and faster, Zhen seems to do a fine job ofnparrying her attacks, then Wu goes for the neck, narrowly missing and Zhenndodges and backflips, doing a leg split and then a kick, Wu is thrownnaback, but lands on her feet. Then squatting and pivoting herself on one foot she stretches out thenother, which moves in a furious semicircle, the sweep misses Zhen, whonresponds with a gravity-defying leap, but then she actually jumps up withnher leg still outstretched, and using her pivoting leg, leaps up the same,nand changing legs in mid-air, delivers two kicks to Zhen, who blocks themnwith her sword. All before Wu slashes her sword right across, which is met by Zhen's, thenclash rings out timorously in mid-air. Then as the two descend they exchange a few more blows. But all of a sudden one man and comes up and brings his weapon down on bothnof theirs, and his force is so strong that the two young women arencompletely unable to move their weapons at all, as he has pinned both ofntheir blades to the ground. The two young women turn their heads. There, holding the weapon, a crooked staff, with one hand, is none othernthan Prodigal Son. PRODIGAL SONnJust testing your respective abilities, ladies. No hard feelings. He leaves the scene, and there finds Huang Yan Sheng looking at himncrossly. HUANG YAN SHENG Are you here to prove yourself a nuisance? You are the Prodigal Son afternall. PRODIGAL SONnNot really, considering that your student has had quite her share ofnabilities, I was just giving them a test. At this moment, Wu Mo Li stares angrily at Prodigal Son. Zhen Xi Ling is already on the verge of crying. WU MO LInListen here, I don't know why you're doing this, but this girl has just hadnsomeone close to her very badly hurt. HUANG YAN SHENG (to Zhen Xi Ling)nHe's healing now, my dear, don't worry about it. ZHEN XI LINGnThat's not enough!n(Beat)nIf I can't even be strong enough to defeat some piece of trash likenProdigal Son, that means.I'll be helpless.helpless.against Lei. Wu Mo Li tries to comfort her friend. WU MO LInThere, there, you are getting stronger now. At this time, a flush of anger comes over Prodigal Son. PRODIGAL SONnYou are going to get defeated many times in this life, young girl, andndon't you forget it! HUANG YAN SHENGnWhat time it is to say things like this? Prodigal Son just snarls at Huang. PRODIGAL SONnIt is the time to say things like this! I will tell you, I do not know ifnyou have ever been defeated before, I mean really defeated, but there is angood probability that you might not! HUANG YAN SHENGnNonsense! Did you think I would have become the respected figure I am if Inhave not come through the rough path? I have had my fair share of defeatsnjust as you have yours, but I can just pick myself up from any of them,nunlike you! Just then we hear some laughs, they are coming from one corner of the room. The figure of Xu Lian Zhang emerges, his stride is broad, and his laugh isndeep. The figure he cuts here is surprisingly powerful and attentionndrawing. He leans against a pillar and laughs heartily, his contempt fornHuang showing. XU LIAN ZHANGnDefeat? Oh what can a man like you know about defeat in the first place? HUANG YAN SHENG Listen, I have no business with you. At this moment we see as another figure enters from the entrance to thenhall. Everyone stops the quarrel. This new figure is GUO TING YAN, the leader of the Hidden Mountain Societynand senior to Huang Yan Sheng. He is a much older man than Huang, and much wiser-looking. Here he looks at Huang, who along with Wu Mo Li and Zhen Xi Ling, all bownto Guo. HUANG, ZHEN, WU (simultaneous)nOur respects to you, elder. GUO TING YANnIndeed, I find what was going on just now a poor example of conduct in thisnplace. Sitting on his chair, he strokes his beard. He then addresses the two renegade martial artists, Xu Lian Zhang andnProdigal Son. GUO TING YANnListen here, I have heard everything and I believe that what my servant hasnpointed out is correct. After all we believe in charity, and for thosenseeking refuge our society has often provided, excluding of course, thenevil ones.n(Beat, to Xu and Prodigal Son)nAs long as anyone is within our fortress we will do as our code tells usnto, that we shall not harm the ignorant or the innocent. But the ignorantndo need to be taken care of, and the two of you have proven yourselves tonbe highly ignorant. Guo points to the two men. GUO TING YANnYou will be driven from this compound!n(to Huang)nSend them to the house on the hillside, where they can make no nuisance ofnthemselves! Huang Yan Sheng nods. EXT. FOREST DAYnThe forest here is dense and green, and a procession is escorting the twonwarriors to their hut, led by none other than Huang Yan Sheng himself. HUANG YAN SHENG This is where the two of you will stay until Huo Ding Chu is well enough. The two men are shoved unceremoniously inside the compound. This is a smallnhouse, no bigger than the size of an average bedroom, and the quarters fornthe guards is located nearby. The guards are all members of the Hidden Mountain Society, and lookingnhighly skilled. INT. HOUSE DAYnThe two men look at each other as they are both locked in. Prodigal Son looks at Xu Lian Zhang sadly. PRODIGAL SONnHelp me pray for those children. Xu Lian Zhang shakes his head. XU LIAN ZHANG They do not know what they are getting themselves into, do they? Prodigal Son shakes his head. PRODIGAL SONnThey have not seen the true face of the world yet. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOREST DAYnWe are seeing this from someone's POV, namely Lei Shun Jing's. Slowly we pull back to reveal him, sitting on his perch, looking downnsilently. There is an inscrutable expression on his face as he watches. On the ground, the entourage is heading along fine. Just then, Xu Wan Gangnpanics. XU WAN GANG I can hear them. YUE YINGnWhat are they? XU WAN GANG Men on horseback, I think around a hundred of them. PATHFINDER Are you kidding? XU WAN GANGnNo I am not! They are coming right now, hide! YUE YINGnThis doesn't sound like a practical joke, let's do it! The entire entourage leaps up into the trees, and stay there. Soon we hear the sound of hooves, and slowly we see the men on horsebacknarrive. This is a formidable-looking lot, and judging by the banner that one ofnthem is carrying, which says: HE WHO RESISTS, PERISHES! These are indeed,nthe troops of the Darklight Alliance. The leaders are dressed in grayish uniforms, like those of Shadowhunter.nAnd the rest likewise, some of them are not even Chinese, but have Arabicnand European origin. PATHFINDER The Darklight Alliance's elite! Glad you found them coming! YUE YINGnThey are heading in the same direction as us, Feng Xian, must be to AnnKui's Mansions. FENG XIANnThe motto of my men and I is: one shot, one kill. We can get rid of thesenguys now. Just then a voice joins in, Lei Shun Jing has leapt to them from anotherntree. LEI SHUN JINGnAbsolutely not! They turn around, none of them recognize this strange new companion ofntheirs. LEI SHUN JINGnI can help you defeat them, but not now. FENG XIANnWhat's your asking price, old man? I'm a mercenary, I take it only for thenmoney. LEI SHUN JINGnI ask for nothing right now, but I know what you want. Pathfinder looks at Lei Shun Jing curiously. LEI SHUN JINGnYou want An Kui, An Hao Hai's son. The others look on, rather perplexed at this guy. Lei Shun Jing stares atnall of them and smiles. LEI SHUN JINGnYou want the taste of his blood on your lips, you want to drive the pointnof steel through his heart and feel as the blade pushes itself between thenribs and severs it. Pathfinder is staring dumbfounded at Lei Shun Jing. PATHFINDER Not what we want, but it's close. LEI SHUN JINGnIf you are interested in my asking price. He stares at Feng Xian, then at Xu Wan Gang and Yue Ying. LEI SHUN JING (cont.)nI will not set the price now, the price will be set after I finish thisnjob.n(Beat)nBut right now, I can get you people on a detour, long, but necessary. Thisnwill enable you to get everything that you need to complete your raid. Lei looks down. By now the men of the Darklight Alliance have marched on without noticingnthem. Then the entourage, now with Lei added to them, leaps off the trees andnonto the ground. LEI SHUN JING Come on, I will show you the place, I was just there five days ago. PATHFINDER I will have to go and discuss this with my assistant, if you don't mind. Pathfinder and Feng Xian step aside, Xu Wan Gang is by now in a bit of andaze as he looks at Lei Shun Jing, almost as if the two of them share antelepathic connection. Yue Ying shakes him on the shoulder. YUE YINGnCome on, this is important. XU WAN GANGnThis man looks familiar, it's as though I have met him somewhere before. Yue Ying drags Xu Wan Gang to meet Pathfinder. In their corner, the four of them have their discussion. PATHFINDER He's crazy. Should we follow him? FENG XIANnI say we forget about this clown, we are so close to carrying the battle tonthe heart of the enemy already. YUE YINGnI don't think so! Did you see the size of those troops? We are going tonneed all the help we can get to defeat the Darklight Alliance! Did younthink about how this guy managed to follow us all the way through herenwithout us noticing? PATHFINDER Indeed, he is formidable. Xu Wan Gang, though, is looking down, there is a look of dread in his eyes. XU WAN GANG We must follow him for another reason, sir. We must pay attention tonsomething else.I.I. Just then Xu Wan Gang falls to the ground on his knees. XU WAN GANG Fear.I'm afraid. PATHFINDER Oh no what's happening now. At this point Xu Wan Gang starts to scream. And it is a long and loudnscream. Nearby though, we see that Lei Shun Jing does not seem to care about this,nhe stands there impatiently. When Xu Wan Gang finishes, he seems to be back to normal, but we see thatnhe is flustered. XU WAN GANGnFOLLOW HIM! That is what we have to do! Lei Shun Jing has his back turned towards the others as they group forntheir discussion, but we see that as Xu Wan Gang screams, a smile spreadsnacross his face. He turns around. LEI SHUN JINGnSo one of you has made up his mind to follow me, that is good. Very good. He seems oblivious to something otherwise obvious to Pathfinder and gang. We see as Pathfinder shakes his head when he sees Xu Wan Gang, the shardnaround his neck is actually alight, almost on fire with a strange etherealnglow. PATHFINDERnMust be the shard, who knows what kind of devil resides in it. It's causingnhim pain. YUE YINGnI don't care if a Devil is telling us something, at least we have somethingnto trust! Pathfinder looks up in surprise at the remark his student has made. PATHFINDER You would trust a Devil? YUE YINGnWhy not if he can lead us to the truth? Feng Xian laughs. FENG XIANnLittle girl, you are catching on. All of them turn to Lei Shun Jing. PATHFINDER We would like you to guide our way, then. LEI SHUN JINGnAlright then, follow me! Lei Shun Jing darts off through the woods. The others follow suit as he does so. We notice that besides the really good ones like Pathfinder, Xu Wan Gang,nYue Ying and Feng Xian, the rest seem to be having quite a bit ofndifficulty catching up with this man. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS COURTYARD DAYnThe crack troops has arrived and are getting inspected by Bai Biao, who isnaccompanied by his children and a few other of the Darklight Alliancencaptains. BAI BIAOnYou have all done well, and now I believe it is time that you present yourntokens to enter the Ceremony of Fire!n(Beat)nAnd you know what I mean. The various troopers present large round things wrapped in cloths. Then they are unwrapped and as we can guess, the things are human heads.nNot just any human heads, but each one the head of a priest. BAI BIAOnNow repeat after me, the motto of our Great Alliance: HE WHO RESISTS,nPERISHES! The men cry out in unison. MENnHE WHO RESISTS, PERISHES!nHE WHO RESISTS, PERISHES!nHE WHO RESISTS, PERISHES! The human heads are dumped in a pit in the garden. Crude oil is dumped on it by a few minions. Then they are set on fire. EXT. LANDSCAPE DAYnThe smoke rises high into the sky, a column streaming up into the sky EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS COURTYARD DUSKnThe celebrations are proceeding with great fervor, when all of a suddennsome more people enter through the gate to the mansion, there are five ofnthem. These are people dressed in black all over, and one of them wears a mask. Their leader is a man with slightly Arabic features, and his weapons are ancross between tonfas and sabers shaped like bat's wings. This is CHU HUANnXIAN. The rest have equally exotic looking weapons. One of them is a woman withnhairpins shaped like amazingly lifelike butterflies and carrying sixnsevered human heads. Another carries what looks like a giant crab ornlobster. And the last one is dressed in body armor and carries a sword. Thenmasked figure seems to carry only a small dagger. CHU HUAN XIANnWe are the TRAVELING PHANTOMS! We come to aid the almighty DarklightnAlliance! The woman holds up the six human heads and smiles. WOMANnToo bad, we're not attending your Ceremony. These are my weapons! Bai Biao is stunned at the sudden entrance of these rogues. His children stand back in shock, but not a real kind of shock so much asnthe kind of shock a normal kid would get from seeing a magic trick. BAI BIAOnWell, you're a little late. CHU HUAN XIANnIt's hard not to be a little late particularly when you have been gatheringnuseful information the way we have! The rest of the killers part as this band of ten wades through them. The killers do not get down on their knees in front of Bai Biao, who isnseething at their audacity. BAI BIAOnWhat might that be? CHU HUAN XIANnIf it wasn't for us, you could have well been caught unawares.n(beat)nThey will come with the shard of the sword. We can get it to you, for anprice. BAI BIAOnReally, if you can get me that, I will. EXT. FOREST NIGHTnLei Shun Jing has already led the rest of the gang through winding pathsnand nooks and crannies and finally, they have come to what looks like ansmall and unmarked grave in a clearing. This place is beautiful at night, swarming all over with fireflies. LEI SHUN JING Ah, this is the place, this is the very place. He just squats down right in front of the grave and then whistles tonhimself. YUE YINGnWait, why aren't you taking us to that place? LEI SHUN JINGnI need a rest, everyone needs a rest now and then. Look at the fireflies,naren't they gorgeous? Then all of a sudden, Lei Shun Jing chuckles and begins to whistle. There is silence for a while. The night air is calm and serene around them, and The tune is rather familiar to some members of the entourage. YUE YINGnThat is such a familiar tune. All of a sudden tears seem to fall from her eyes. Xu Wan Gang turns to her. XU WAN GANG What's wrong? YUE YINGnThat song, I remember I heard it as a kid, dad would play it to me, he saidnit was a tune from his father's generation. XU WAN GANG What is it about? YUE YINGnIt's a ballad, I can't really remember. Feng Xian is getting impatient at this point. FENG XIANnDid we come here just to see somebody whistle?! There is a silence all around for a while. PATHFINDER Hush. I have heard it before. This song is about the folly of love. Lei Shun Jing, we notice, has whistling skills that border on the near-nsupernatural. He whistles in short, like the sound of birds coming home atndusk. Pathfinder looks as Lei Shun Jing whistles on. PATHFINDERnThere was a sheriff for his local lord. Once the local lord demanded thatnhe wanted a bride from a well-known local family, but as the bride was lostnin the mountains, he sent the sheriff after her promising him a bountifulnreward. There the sheriff found seven powerful local outlaws holding her,nand leading a group of men, they fought. Spilled a couple gallons of bloodnfor the money, that's what money makes people do.n(Beat)nThe seven outlaws, or Knights, they called themselves, hid in a cave, onnwhich they found pictures they could not explain, and that one of them wasnthat of a very beautiful woman. Yue Ying starts to cry. YUE YING .I remember now. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. CLIFF NIGHTnOn the edge of a cliff we see a young Yue Ying talking with her dad, who isnplaying the same tune on a flute. It is a night very much like this, withnfireflies zipping all around. Yue Ying's dad is an elegant swordsman, handsome and carrying himself withnthe demeanor of a gentleman. His name is YUE TIAN JUN. Her dad is looking at her lovingly as he does so. YUE YING (v/o)nMy dad told me that my mother was as beautiful as that woman in the muralnin the caves.because when the sheriff saw her he fell in love instantly... Yue Ying stretches out one of her hands, and we see that at this moment anfirefly has balanced itself on her finger. The firefly flies off her finger and we DISSOLVE to: EXT. CLEARING NIGHTnThrough the dissolve the sound of Yue Tian Jun's flute continues throughnthe transition, merging with Lei Shun Jing's whistling. As Lei Shun Jing sits there whistling, the rest watching on. Xu Wan Gang listens, entranced. Yue Ying continues her story. YUE YING And when he got home he ceased to think of his wife anymore, every wakingnthought of his was filled with the picture of the beautiful woman he saw onnthe mural. The idiot should have just completed the mission and blew partnof it on a fine brothel in town if you ask me, and come back and not tellnhis wife about it. I mean the bounty fee he got could get him some high-npriced whores.n(beat)nBut he was a fool, just as well, the bride that was meant for the localnlord, which during the fight he disfigured and remained unwanted for thenrest of her life.n(Beat)nAngered, his wife left him and took his child to an island in the middle ofnthe sea where subsequently his teacher was a mysterious and reclusivenwarrior. He ventured many times to find her, and each time he found her shenrefused him because in his thoughts, the beautiful woman he had sonaccidentally defaced and the woman in the mural was there and she couldnfeel it. You know how that's the way that it can be with women sometimes,nread the hearts of their partners and all that rubbish. Sixth sensenwhatever bullshit.nHe kept trying, kept asking for her forgiveness, but that proud woman wouldnnever give in when there was someone else in her husband's mind other thannher.the fools. PATHFINDERnWhat fools, weren't they? Love, just look at what it does to people. At this moment, though, we see that Pathfinder's eyes are turning watery. At this point in time Xu Wan Gang sighs. XU WAN GANG That is a sad story.n(Beat)nYue Ying, I believe that your mother truly looked like that woman in thenmural. YUE YING You think so? XU WAN GANG I really do. Then at this moment Lei Shun Jing stops whistling. He stands up, and turns to the rest. LEI SHUN JINGnI have finished, now it's time to follow me. Lei Shun Jing then grabs his hands on the plaque in front of the grave andnthen lifts the plaque's cover off, it turns out that this grave is in factna secret entrance! INT. CAVE NIGHTnLei leads first in entering the cave. So far it is very dark in this cave, we can hardly see anyone. At this moment Pathfinder is startled. PATHFINDER That song was a cue! This is the legendary cave of that song! No one hasnbeen able to find it for nearly a century! Then Lei Shun Jing approaches a set of steps. Then he walks up. It gets increasingly bright as he ascends the steps, thanks to there beingnno shortage of fireflies around. Also of the fact that there are somennatural gas lamps around, lamps which are fed by the gas from the saltnmines that exist deep below the earth's surface. The flight of steps ends at a landing, where we can see is the cavenfeatured at the beginning of this story, where Lei and Huo Ding Chu hadntheir duel! The bridge is there, so is the underground stream. The gang has just walked in from one end of the bridge, but Lei is alreadynvery enthusiastically leading the way as he leaps off the bridge and wadesnthrough the knee-deep water below. LEI SHUN JINGnThis is no ordinary cave, come on! The rest follow him and wade after him. For a while it is almost pure darkness. Then the scenery changes. There seems to be an otherworldly light spreading through this place, it'snnot just the various fireflies that are flying around, but also the factnthere seems to be a growth of bioluminescent algae in the water. Then we see that elaborate drawings have been created on the walls usingndyes made from the bioluminescent algae. Pathfinder is awed. PATHFINDERnLook at all these, these are the fighting styles used by the Seven Knightsnmentioned in that song! Their names are written on top of their sections! He points to the elaborate drawings one after another, all of which arendrawn in different poses. All are posing with different weapons. All ofnwhich have the name of the respective warrior who practices them inscribednon top. One we see uses a staff, another uses a sword, another a long spear,nanother a short hammer, another a long smoking pipe, another a shield, andnthe last one uses a naginata. YUE YINGnWe have stumbled upon a goldmine here! One particular style, though, attracts Xu Wan Gang. It is the staff style. XU WAN GANG Look, that's Prodigal Son's style! Then suddenly Xu gets the shock of his life as the shard around his necknstarts throbbing with a pulsating glow. XU WAN GANGnI see it now. PATHFINDER What do you see? FENG XIANnAnother of these visions of yours? Damn, I don't like the look of this. XU WAN GANGnI see it, I can see it right now. Then we get our first glimpse of Xu's vision:nAgainst a black backdrop we see a man brandishing a sword. His moves are swift, quick and go in large and small concentric circles,nsome too fast for the human eye to register and form wide silvery crescentsnin the air. Then after a few swift moves with his legs, which interweave with an almostneffortless lightness. He takes off, and the sight is as beautiful and poetic, as though he hasnalmost become a bird. The muted black background slowly lights up to reveal a painting of answallow, which we see as he DISSOLVES INTO. In a flash of lighting Xu's vision disappears. Lei Shun Jing is sitting by and laughing as everyone looks on perplexed. Feng Xian shakes his head and starts to look closely at the variousnpictures on the wall. At this time Xu takes out the swallow from the package he has slung aroundnhis shoulder, and then puts in the turnkey. CLOSE UP on his hand as he turns it several times. Then the swallow starts to dart around. XU WAN GANGnWatch closely. He takes out his sword and whips it around, this time his style seems tonhave greatly improved. In wide sweeping arcs, solid thrusts and parries and ripostes, Xu's swordnswipes through the air. At this time even the stillness of the air in the cave seems to be stirrednby this duel. Now we see that he is far more apt than he was in his first fight with thenswallow. As the swallow flies up and comes down, beak aimed at this head we see asnhe parries it with his sword, and engages the swallow as he twirls hisnsword around in small concentric circles. Several times he almost seems to cleave the mechanical bird in half. But overall his blade seems to be chasing the swallow like a hawk,nfollowing tight on the tail of the mechanical bird in tight and swift arcs. And all the time as he does this his eyes appear to be closed. The bird is getting to be no slouch as well, going from a straight flightnto an upward climb in a matter of seconds. The two of them match a few more rounds, exchanging numerous tight attacks. The bird in fact, moves just like a sword in the hands of a master, weavingnitself so fast around its opponents that its trails become similar to thenweb of a spider, entrapping its opponent within them. A less skilled fighter would have lost to this bird. But Xu's attacks are tight and complex enough to form a web on their own asnthey in their own right, enmesh the target. Not only can this swallow fly like a sword in the hands of a master, itnalso has a life of its own, in one instance it jumps onto Xu's sword,nperching itself there for a while before flying at Xu's face. This is a move that Xu blocks in time, the force of the block springing thenbird back a few metres through the air. The bird whizzes forward again, with a speed that now Xu can only dodge bynbending over 180 degrees, and then lifting his legs up so that his body isncompletely horizontal, his body skips on the surface of the knee-deep waternlike a stone. SLO-MO: Xu Wan Gang glides through the air. SLO-MO: The swallow swerves around and comes doubling back. As Xu Wan Gang finishes his glide, his feet land in the water, splashingndroplets around, then he brings his body up into its horizontal positionnand then turns around, sword thrust forward CLOSE UP on the tip of his sword as Xu attempts to reactivate the secretnmechanism.nSLO-MO as The sword starts to part in the middle. As the swallow flies towards Xu again we speed back to normal, now Xu isnattempting to clamp his sword around the swallow. Snap! Snap! Snap! Three times in succession Xu almost succeeds in trying tonclamp his sword around the swallow, but three times it fails. The swallow flies near him, and Xu switches from a forehanded sword-holdingnposition to a backhanded one in order to put up more of a close defence. He swipes around wildly at the swallow and then. A splash. He thrusts his sword into the knee-deep water below him. CLOSE UP on the water surface as a few droplets land, forming ripples. The once-calm underground pool is shaken by the very force of the sword. There is a moment of silence. Everyone else looks at Xu. Meanwhile Lei is acting as weirdly as usual, this time gazing deep into thenwater and the bioluminescent algae that is in it. His eyes wide open and anwhistle on the edge of his tongue. But now we realize that the mechanical swallow has in fact escaped thenthrust. And it is now making its attack. It brushes past Xu's sleeve, a move which he blocks with his sword just innthe nick of time. Then turning swiftly backwards, he swings his sword in a magnificent semi-ncircle, that strikes the bird, or at least seems to. Under any other circumstances the bird would have fallen, or gotten cleavednin half. But it does not fall, and actually continues its flight for a while,ngliding past the walls with the mysterious old drawings and back to thenentrance of the underground cavern. The eyes of the crowd are trained on the mechanical bird now as itncontinues its graceful flight. We see as it flaps its wings.apparently struggling. Then it stops in mid-air, then falls straight into the water. Xu rushes forward to pick it up again from the water, the mechanical birdnmoves for a while, and then it stops. It has \"died\". Slowly, he puts the bird back into the cloth wrapping he wears around hisnarm, there is somewhat of a sadness in his eyes. The others look at him, as awed as they have every right to be. All except for Lei Shun Jing, who is laughing as he looks at Xu andnclapping his hands.nHis laugh reverberates off the walls, with a childish glee that would havenbeen infectious on a more fun occasion like a party or a festival, but thatnseems completely out of place here. Everybody else turns to the man as he engages in his admittedly near-npsychotic, yet childlike behavior. YUE YING Stop it. Lei just keeps laughing and pointing his finger at LEI SHUN JINGnOh yes, the boy's got great prospects ahead of him, oh yes he has! YUE YINGnNow stop it, old man! If you know what is going on, tell us about it! At this point Lei Shun Jing falls silent, very, very silent. He stares into space again and then scratches his head with a finger. Henlooks around the cave very silently. Pathfinder taps his hand on Yue Ying's shoulder. PATHFINDER The shard has given its powers to Wan Gang, and it is enabling himself tonpick up complex moves very fast! Can't you see here, my dear? This cave isna find, the swallow's moves are from there! Pathfinder points to one of the walls. On it we see the pictures of a man performing various sword moves, drawn innthe bioluminescent algae dye, which couldn't have been more than a fewndecades old, but which looks like the doodling of an ancient and forgottennpresence. PATHFINDER This swallow could have only been made by one group of people. FENG XIANnThe famous Chu family of Sichuan. They make intricate robots like these,ntraining devices for martial arts masters. Pathfinder turns to the wall. PATHFINDER There must be a reason why that mechanical swallow was engineered tonemulate the moves of that style. Prodigal Son gave it to you? Xu Wan Gang only nods. Pathfinder pauses for a while, then he turns his eyes to the pictures onnthe wall again. PATHFINDER This is the cave where the legendary Knights of the Mountain fought thentroops of the local lord for three days and three nights. Judging by thenfact that on that walln(he points to the wall with Prodigal Son's staff moves drawn all over it)nare the moves of his style.n(Beat)nThe swallow has just emulated the moves of Shang-Guan Wu Tian, master ofnthe Migratory Swallow sword style. He was its only inheritor in its day.nThen he died. My, I didn't know the Chu family were actually in possessionnof his secrets. I thought their knowledge was only limited to existingnstyles. YUE YINGnThe Knights of the Mountain.I have heard of them since I was a kid. Lei Shun Jing lets out a laugh from the corner of the cave that he is in. LEI SHUN JINGnEnjoy your time here, gentlemen! There's a lot to look at! Xu Wan Gang is not as interested in studying the drawings on the wall asnthe rest of the gang are. Instead he walks towards the end of the cave, wading through the water. Thenlight casts an eerie glow on his face. Then at the end of the cave the place opens up. It is here that we see a new room altogether, this place would have been antea garden of sorts, with a stone table and two chairs in the middle, butnright now it is empty and deserted. Nearby is a mural of a man and a woman locked in an eternal embrace,nforever inseparable, their names are already too blurred to be figured out. But Xu mutters under his breath as he sees the woman. XU WAN GANG Yue Ying's right.she must have been beautiful. But on the wall there are two lines of carvings, and these are verynintriguing. Xu reads them aloud. XU WAN GANG Though Heaven and Earth shall one day end.nThis grief and sorrow shall last forever.n(Beat)nHey, this is a poem! Xu Wan Gang gestures at the others, who come forward to the place. Pathfinder glares at the poem and shakes his head. PATHFINDER This is a new poem, that means someone has been here way beforenthis.madman. Lei Shun Jing laughs in a corner. Feng Xian finishes the statement. FENG XIANnIndeed, I can't see this goon writing anything like this. He was here tonstudy the walls. YUE YINGnIf that person has been studying these walls long enough, there's nontelling what a master he could have become by now.n(Beat)nWe could make him an ally. Feng Xian whips out a dagger from around his waist. FENG XIANnNot yet.n(Beat)nWe have to be careful. At this point in time we hear Lei laughing again. Immediately the rest takena few steps back. Feng Xian has his dagger outstretched. LEI SHUN JING Well, what's there to be careful about, hmm? I mean with all the resourcesnof this cave at your disposal, there's no telling what you can do! Lei takes his turn to smile at Xu Wan Gang. LEI SHUN JING You know, kid, you are a prodigy, just like me. Xu Wan Gang just backs off from Lei. There is a fear in his eyes. XU WAN GANGnI don't want to know. I don't want to know! Xu Wan Gang just runs off towards the rest of the gang, and meets up withnthem. The gang huddle together again, well out of the reach of Lei Shun Jing, whondoesn't seem to care at all about anything. PATHFINDER Listen, we would have to volunteer now, there's more than enough of usnhere, some of us will stay to guard this cave, others will follow me to nabnAn Kui. Six of the mercenaries leave the crowd already. PATHFINDER(Cont.)nGood, now let's sleep here tonight, someone keep watch over that strangenold man. Another of the mercenaries agrees, and so does Xu Wan Gang. PATHFINDER My boy, don't do this, you are valuable to me. XU WAN GANGnNo, I have to, I just.have to. Pathfinder sighs, and then he just leans up against the walls of thentunnel. He closes his eyes. Yue Ying takes a long hard look at Xu, then she also leans up against thenwall and yawns. She closes her eyes, and Xu tries to get closer to her. But as he does so he realizes that she has popped one open, and thereforendoesn't dare to move any closer. He notes that she is sleeping right beside none other than Pathfindernhimself. FADE TO BLACK FADE IN:nWe are in the cave again, it is quiet as the grave. Right now there are only three people awake in the entire cave. One of themnis Xu Wan Gang, the other is Lei Shun Jing, and also one of thenmercenaries. The merc is looking on puzzled as Xu Wan Gang squats looks at Lei ShunnJing. Lei has been doing hardly anything so far as much as squatting around andnlooking around the cave with the endless restlessness of a child. XU WAN GANG Have you been sleeping? Lei just shakes his head. XU WAN GANG Because since you came on, neither have I. Tell me, what happened to you,nsomething terrible, right? Lei lets out another laugh. LEI SHUN JINGnNo, nothing so much as that, young man. Xu Wan Gang sighs and then looks to the others. He sees that the rest of the gang are fast asleep. The merc is clearly getting bored by all this. At this moment Lei leaps up, pounces on the merc like a hungry beast andnthen floors him into the water, where he stays while Lei strangles him. LEI SHUN JINGnGo on, go on my boy, do it! Xu Wan Gang pulls out his sword and then quietly, rushes forward to killnthe sleeping Pathfinder. He did not count on one thing. Now we see as Yue Ying pops one eye open, and then the other, and thennquick as lightning, whips out her two daggers and parries Xu. The force of the parry forces Xu back a few paces. YUE YING(Whispering)nDid you think I wasn't counting on that, hmm? XU WAN GANG (Whispering)nListen, this Pathfinder isn't a good man, he doesn't care about you, he'dnlet you die if you couldn't win me. YUE YING (Whispering)nIf I can't win you I won't be able to avenge my father by any means!nRemember, my father's killer is a member of the Darklight Alliance. Evennwith your shard my father was probably ten times better than you, and hendied. XU WAN GANG (Whispering)nBut he doesn't care about you still.n(Beat)nI do. YUE YING(Whispering)nIt does not matter, I'll keep this a secret. XU WAN GANG(Whispering)nWell I'll tell you my secret! I think that we are being made used of, thenshard was given to me by Prodigal Son as a lucky charm, the only luck it'snbrought me are these strange visions. Those grown-ups aren't telling usneverything! YUE YING (Whispering)nYeah, they haven't told me why you're improving so fast while I'm not! I'vengot my eye on you! Yue Ying sheathes her daggers and then walks back to her original position. She sits down, her head leaning forward, and she drops off and sleeps. As she does so she pops one eye open. Xu Wan Gang sees this, and then he turns back shaking his head. EXT. COUNTRYSIDE DAYnAcross the countryside we see as the Darklight Alliance's troops move onntheir horses. Around the horse's necks, we see, hang skulls. At the front of the row is a Captain, flanked by two men carrying bannersnon poles.nWe CLOSE UP on the words: HE WHO RESISTS, PERISHES! At the top of the banners are two more skulls. DISSOLVE TO:nA mountain path on which a similar group is riding. DISSOLVE TO:nAnother similar parade riding against the horizon in the light of thenrising sun. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS COURTYARD DAYnThis is a very peaceful scene. In one corner of the courtyard sits An Kui,nwho is smoking an Arabian hookah while seated on a mat on the porchnoverlooking his garden. He is looking pretty pleased as he smokes. AN KUInAh well, at least I don't have to do any dirty work for now, not bad, notnbad at all. Meanwhile, Bai Biao's children are playing on the swing, supervised by annAfrican slave. Bai Jie is pushing Bai Ge Ni. BAI GE NInHigher! Higher! I want to see the lake! Bai Jie gives it a heave. The swing goes up high, almost 90 degrees into the air, and Bai Ge Ninsqueals in delight. The sunlight glints off the slightly golden-brown hair of the two pre-nadolescents. An Kui looks at the two of them and laughs. We see as the servant wipes some sweat off his brow. AN KUInWhat adorable darlings, sad the same cannot be said for their father. He takes another puff on the hookah. Then he blows out concentrated rings of smoke. On his face there is the look of peace. This guy is his era's answer to anstoner. He looks again and sees that Bai Ge Ni has gotten off the swing, and BainJie gets on. BAI GE NInNow I'll push you so high you won't know what happened. She starts pushing. BAI JIE Not high enough, sis! BAI GE NInWhat do you want, then? BAI JIEnI don't know, I think it would be good if we could just get out of here forna while, we hate this place! An Kui gets a bright idea.nAt this moment he calls out to the two kids. AN KUInNow now children, I hear that you wish to go out and see some sights,nright? Well, in that case I would suggest you go and play some hide-and-nseek. At this moment An Kui calls out to one of the servants who is tending tonsome plants nearby, this is LONGEVITY. AN KUInLongevity, now take these two kids out for some hide and seek! Make surenthey come back before dinner! LONGEVITYnYes, sir. The servant nods and goes over to the two children, where they startntalking and laughing immediately. An Kui laughs. AN KUInAren't those two darlings adorable, it just makes them more adorable whennthey're away. An Kui just looks on, and blows out another series of concentric circles. As we CLOSE UP on the smoke, we DISSOLVE TO: EXT. MOUNTAINS DAYnAn overcast sky is spread like a pall over the face of the Green and Bluenearth. The clouds gather in this mountainous region, rolling upon each other likengreat beasts of dark smoke. We are here on a mountain path leading to the gate of a large checkpointngate, built precariously into the side of a mountain through ahead-of-its-ntime technological knowhow. Bai Biao heads up the mountain on his lone mount. Slowly, we look further up the mountain, and realize that at the top of thenmountain a palatial pagoda. Here a raging fire roars up into the air for a length of around a hundrednfeet. This is AN HAO HAI'S FORTRESS. INT. AN HAO HAI'S CHAMBERnBai Biao walks into this small and circular room at the foot of the pagoda,nand smack in the middle of this room is none other than An Hao Hai himself. Right now he is in a lotus position, but his eyes we see, are dark andnsorrowful. Bai Biao sighs as he approaches his friend/fellow founder of the DarklightnAlliance. BAI BIAOnMy respects to you, old friend. An Hao Hai does not speak. BAI BIAOnI am sure you know about your Prodigal Son. An Hao Hai remains there, speechless. BAI BIAOnYour son, I have seen him, he's blowing all your resources on his personalnexpenditure. He's leading a decadent and shallow life.n(beat)nWhy are you not doing anything about him? An Hao Hai does not speak still. Bai Biao looks on, curiously, almost leaning too close for comfort. But at this moment An Hao Hai looks up mournfully and stares at Bai Biao. AN HAO HAInDid you know what it is like to not have a father? Maybe it's what makes mensuch a bad one. But I think he may be trusted to do what's right. Then he laughs bitterly. Bai Biao also shares the laugh. BAI BIAOnWhat makes you think so? AN HAO HAInI don't know. But you have to trust your children sometimes. An Hao Hai also starts crying. Bai Biao sighs and looks up into the sky. BAI BIAOnMy wife, she was a Byzantine General's daughter, a Christian. She believednin an all-wise, all-powerful Heavenly Father that created all, and mankindnwas especially created in His image.n(Beat)nYou know, I never picked up that religion of hers. But if there really isnan all-wise, all-powerful Heavenly Father, I do not think He will trust hisnchildren. He is the one who knows how disappointing His own children cannbe. He knew well enough to drive his first two from Paradise.n(Beat)nAnd look at all the rest. His children lie and cheat and break theirnpromises to him every single day. Do you think He does anything about it?nIf the duty of the Father is to teach the son what's right, as Confuciusnsaid, He can't be a good father, can He?n(Beat)nIf anything, I hope my children don't disappoint me as much as yours do. An Hao Hai just sighs. AN HAO HAInWhat do you expect me to know of your wife's faith?n(beat)nIn my faith of Zoroastrianism, we are not the children of Ahura Mazda butnhis co-workers, put on earth to fulfill his plan. When we do not gonaccording to his plan, it is then that corruption exists.n(points to flame)nJust like the only way to fight the darkness is to spread the light. The two men, tears flowing out of their eyes, hug each other, then Bai Biaonhelps An Hao Hai up. The two of them walk over to the entrance to the Pagoda. EXT. SQUARE DAYnThere they look out at the square that lies outside the pagoda. It is there that the cauldron of fire burns, sending its flame up into thenair. AN HAO HAInSee that?n(Beat)nI conceived this symbol when I also learnt of something Ahura Mazda did notntell us, but that Taoists did. That light and dark, rather than opposites,nare two sides of the same coin. I do not know why Ahura Mazda did not tellnus about it, maybe He wanted us to find out for ourselves. If I couldnreconcile these two, I realized, the full picture of Truth shall benrevealed. BAI BIAOnAnd for the knowledge of this truth, the rest of the martial realm despisesnus. AN HAO HAInThe flame is the light of the warrior's soul, and the three legs of thencauldron are the three of us, You, Xuanmei and I that support it. But it isnthe surrounding darkness that is the greatest friend and foe of the flame,nfor only by knowing darkness can the flame of the human soul burn brighter!n(Beat)nWe are to uphold this cause, and therefore as long as the three legs holdnthe cauldron up, the fire shall not be extinguished! Bai Biao looks at the towering flame with pride. BAI BIAOnWhat glory is the flame of the Darklight Alliance, that illuminates and yetncomplements the darkness around it!n(Sighs)nBut still it falls short of the glory of the Undefeated Sword. When wenobtain the shard and harness its power, how lowly this flame would seem inncomparison. AN HAO HAInYou mean it's not just a legend? BAI BIAOnIf reports to me can be trusted, it is not. I hope to find it. This will bena turning point in our history. AN HAO HAInDo you think your wife's Heavenly Father would approve of what you arendoing? BAI BIAOnThat question is just between Him and me now.n(Beat)nBut if I attain the shard's power, may He tremble in fear before me.n(to An Hao Hai)nBut right now, there is somewhere I must go. He raises his head to admire the full extent of the flame. With a single shot, we realize how small they are in comparison to thentowering height of the Darklight Alliance's flame. EXT. MOUNTAINS DAYnFrom the mountain on which the flame and fortress stand, we see as thenflame rages on into the darkened sky above. It starts to rain, but the flame shows no sign of stopping. On this we FADE TO BLACK FADE TO LIGHTnINT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS DAYnGuo Ting Yan and Huang Yan Sheng are meeting now a greatly recovered HuonDing Chu and Zhen Xi Ling. They are surrounded by other members of the Hidden Mountain Society, whonstand in two neat rows on both sides of the room. Among them is Wu Mo Li. Guo strokes his beard as he listens to the story told by Huo and Zhen. GUO TING YANnSo you say that in exchange for our help at destroying this old monster,nyou would show us a secret that has not yet been exposed to the martialnworld as we know it? HUO DING CHU Indeed, sir. Guo turns to Huang. GUO TING YANnWhat do you think, Huang? HUANG YAN SHENG Sounds reasonable. Guo Ting Yan thinks for a while. GUO TING YANnThis society has always been pacifist, we only react to injustice, but wendo not seek out injustice that we are unclear about. Huo Ding Chu is enraged, though. HUO DING CHUnSir, I don't think you can turn a blind eye to the threat of the DarklightnAlliance. It is everywhere. HUANG YAN SHENG Indeed. HUO DING CHUnWe must prevent this long-kept secret from falling into their hands! Andnthe old monster Lei Shun Jing is the one most likely to give it to them! ZHEN XI LINGnYes! He has no sense of good or evil, he is most likely to be used by theirnlike! Guo lets out a long sigh. GUO TING YANnCurrently, there are none that can match the skill of the Mountain Knights.nIf the Mountain Knights' secrets fell into the hands of the evil ones, thennthe triumph of evil will be certain. HUANG YAN SHENG That is indeed true. Wu Mo Li steps forward at this point. WU MO LInI agree, we will help them to defeat Lei Shun Jing! Is anyone with me? The other members of the Hidden Mountain Society in this room give ansimultaneous cheer! Then we slowly move up to: EXT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS ROOFTOPnOn the rooftop of the citadel we see none other than Dai Hao Chen, his eyesnsharp and peeled, his feet nimble and quick. He is leaping across the roofs of the headquarters with amazing speed andnagility. With a shot from below, we see as he leaps over the head of an unsuspectingnguard. He continues scuttling across the rooftops almost like a bug. He sees a lookout tower in the distance and backs down so that he is in anprone position on the roof. The lookout guard sees nothing. Then from his prone position, we follow Dai as he leaps up into the air andistance of thirty feet just in time to grab one of the legs of the lookoutntower. There he climbs with almost preternatural agility and finally reaches thenbase of the tower. Reaching for his sword, he pierces it through the floor of the lookoutntower. INT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN LOOKOUT TOWER DAYnThe guard on lookout is taken aback as the sharp blade pushes itselfnthrough the floorboard. From beneath Dai leaps up and then kicks the Guard in the face, followed byna rapid acupuncture point attack that catches him out cold. The guard falls to the floor. Then Dai climbs out of the lookout, quickly onto the rooftop. He sees that nearby is already the perimeter wall of the headquarters, thennleaping forward altogether he lands on top of the wall and then runs down. EXT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS WALL DAYnFrom afar we see Dai as a small dot run down the outside wall beforenlanding on the ground. Then he runs off into the woods nearby.nINT. MOUNTAINSIDE HUT DAYnXu Lian Zhang and Prodigal Son sit around the hut, with not much to do. XU LIAN ZHANG You know, if I had my way, I'd fight all of them outside and get ourselvesnaway from here! PRODIGAL SONnDon't worry too much. Xu Lian Zhang points an accusing finger at Prodigal Son. XU LIAN ZHANG It's you who have nothing to worry about, mister! You sent the boy to menfor training, and now you let him off on his own! You have never for oncentaken any personal responsibility for him in your life! Prodigal Son sighs as he starts drawing something on the floor with hisnstaff. PRODIGAL SONnTrue, true. XU LIAN ZHANG You know what the Darklight Alliance will do to him? Prodigal Son doesn't say a word. A pregnant silence fills the room. Then it all washes over Xu like a great flood. XU LIAN ZHANG This was never about the Darklight Alliance, was it? You can't care lessnwhether the Darklight Alliance overruns the world or not, right? Prodigal Son breaks the silence with a tap of his staff on the floor. PRODIGAL SONnNO! The answer shocks Xu Lian Zhang. XU LIAN ZHANGnYou're terrible, you know that, you have nothing to live for, you havennothing to be true to.n(Beat)nNo wonder they call you Prodigal Son! If one thing I am sure very glad thatnI taught Xu Wan Gang the things I did! PRODIGAL SONnThank yourself then, thank yourself that you taught him the things that youndid! I'm too tired to teach anyone anything anymore. Xu Lian Zhang is the one who is silenced now. The two of them stare into blank space for a while. Xu Lian Zhang shakes his fists in frustration.nXU LIAN ZHANGnThe Darklight Alliance and Pathfinder, who knows what could happen to mynboy with the two of them out there? PRODIGAL SONnI never knew you had such feelings for the boy, I thought you swore off anfamily a long time ago. XU LIAN ZHANG Oh yes I did, my wife left me because I just made so many enemies. He throws back his head and laughs. Just then Xu Lian Zhang hears a particularly distinct bird call. XU LIAN ZHANG Two long calls followed by a short. PRODIGAL SONnWhat's that? XU LIAN ZHANG It's a message. It means \"I'm here\". Only one person uses it. At this moment we hear a series of continuous calls. EXT. FOREST DAYnThe guards patrolling outside the cottage listen to the calls, whichncontinues through the cut. They start to look around. They exchange glances. Some of the more alert start to draw their weapons. INT. MOUNTAINSIDE HUT DAYnXu Lian Zhang has a smile spread across his face. XU LIAN ZHANG This is the cry for battle, there is trouble afoot, and we cannot afford tonstay here any longer! At this moment Xu Lian Zhang heads towards the hut's door and waits behindnit. EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE HUT DAYnThe guard at the door to the hut puts up his vigilance and goes into ancombat-ready position. EXT. FOREST DAYnThe guards have readied their weapons and are looking around, finding nonone, just then in a flash they realize. That one man has leapt down from the treetops, carrying a birdcall in hisnmouth. None other than Dai Hao Chen. The guards, all four of them, attack Dai at the same time. Dai launches himself through the air, delivering a kick to one of them innthe chest, and then elbowing another. After which he leap-somersaults sideways, landing on the forest floor. Thennhe leaps up into the tree again and comes down with his weapon. This is something he fashioned from the trunk of a tree, a log, which henwill use as a makeshift weapon, it is around five feet long and which henwields like a very large and very thick polearm. The guards all draw their weapons, two hold standard issue swords, one anglaive, and another a halberd. With a top-down shot, we see that the four of them have engaged Dai in ansquare formation. The combatants exchange glances. For a while we hear only the sounds of human breath. CLOSE UP on all five pairs of eyes as they glance at each other. A moment of silence, and then they let it rip. Two of the guards, the two with swords converge on Dai, who floors themnwith a few rapid butts of the log to the chin and to the stomach. They pick themselves up and attack again, aiming for Dai's neck and legsnwith their swords. Dai dodges one of the thrusts before tripping a guard over with his log. For a man of his size, Dai wields the log with remarkable agility. We seenas he passes the log to the other shoulder, beaning the sword-carryingnguards in their faces. The sword carrying guards retreat back into the background. The two other guards converge with the halberd and the glaive, both takenswiping arcs at Dai but miss, Dai sets his log upright, then leaps onto itnin a flash. The side of the log with the sword embedded in it is facing up. With a wide leg sweep he distances his opponents, and he is still stayingnperched on the log despite that he is using only one leg. He grabs thensword embedded in the log and then starts whirling it around. This is enough to keep the guards busy. One of them comes with the glaive but Dai simply kicks the blade asidenusing his leg. The one with the halberd attempts to chop the log in two, but exercisingnhis \"chi\", Dai actually jumps up into the air, carrying the log with himnand then lands on the ground again. DAI HAO CHENnLet's play a game shall we? Let's see who can come within three feet. The guards converge, but at balancing one leg on the log, Dai is able tonfend off all of them using his free leg. EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE HUT DAYnThe guard outside the hut looks at the door to the hut and knows thatnsomething is wrong. He presses both his palms against the door. INT. MOUNTAINSIDE HUT DAYnXu Lian Zhang is pushed back from his position behind the door. XU LIAN ZHANG Damn, he has figured it out. The guard outside has superior inner strength.n(Beat)nWell, I'll show him. Taking a few steps back, he launches himself forward like an arrow, hisnelbow straight out, he smashes through the door, much to the surprise ofnthe guard outside, who collapses onto the ground as a result. PRODIGAL SONnWhy didn't you do that earlier if you could? XU LIAN ZHANG I don't leave without my friend, if you realize.n(Beat)nThis is my fight, don't you dare approach it. The guards who are fighting Dai Hao Chen are taken aback by this suddennturn of events. Xu slowly walks towards them. Then he unsheathes his sword, and holds it by his side. He jumps right into the middle of this fight and starts engaging thenguards. Up against two exponents, the guards are starting to lose out in thisnfight. After several failures to take out Dai while perched on his log, Dai shakesnhis head. DAI HAO CHENnThis is no fun. Dai leaps off his log and returns to his normal position, carrying the lognacross his shoulders and using it like a giant staff and ramrod. Now whirling around with the log, he bumps and rams into the guards leftnand right. The log is as mobile on him as a normal tree branch would be tona layman. He transfers it from one shoulder to the other, uses it as a shield fornattacks to his chest.nAs such the polearm-carrying guards have nothing on him. Xu is probably even more of an expert than Dai is. The two guards withnswords come at him, he fends them off with unerring precision. His swordnseems capable of snaking around from one place to another, of makingnparries when it seems impossible to.nBut the guards are coming on at him fast and furious. Then we see as he jumps onto a tree trunk nearby, and fights the two guardsnwith both feet gripped on the tree trunk. As he does so he actually isnrunning up the tree trunk vertically at the same time. The two guards are no slouches and they start running vertically up thentree as well. Halfway up the tree's trunk Xu flips outwards, still engaging the twonguards in swordplay at the SAME TIME, the two guards leap off the treentrunk simultaneously. CLOSE UP: And the three blades clash in mid-air! At this point we do a FREEZE. The forest is quiet. For a moment the sounds of birds chirping is heard. Then the FREEZE ENDS. CLOSE UP on the face of Xu Lian Zhang as we start to see a glow in his eye,na red glow. Now SPEED UP as we see that in a few deft strokes, the three combatantsnland on the ground. Then we see that BOTH THE SWORDS of the two swordsmen have already beennentrapped in Xu's customized sword. The two guards exchange puzzled glances. All three blades are pointing upward. Xu gives his wrist that series of needed little twists. We just see as the swords of both guards are instantly broken. The two guards back off, shivering timidly as they hold out their brokennswords at Xu, who laughs at it all. Then he leaves. The two guards exchange a glance, they are considering attacking. But then they run away. Dai and the two other guards with the glaive and the halberd have exchangednquite a number of blows by now. The verdict is still unclear over the winner, but we can see that for nownDai is handling himself pretty well. At this time Xu approaches, whistling as he brandishes his customized swordnaround. The two remaining guards see this, then they exchange glances and flee too. Xu smiles and turns to Prodigal Son. XU LIAN ZHANG Well, we've dispatched them, time to go before they send more after us. DAI HAO CHEN Where do you people wish to go? XU LIAN ZHANG Off this mountain will be the first thing! PRODIGAL SONnWell at least I can agree on that. The three of them walk away from the hut, away into the woods, and then wenFADE TO BLACK. EXT. CLEARING DAYnWe are at a clearing in the forest, and here we see that in the middle ofnthis clearing the servant Longevity and both of Bai Biao's children arenplaying. The servant Longevity has closed his eyes and is counting. LONGEVITYnOkay kids. BAI GE NInPromise not to peek! LONGEVITYnI won't peek! BAI GE NInGood, and count to a hundred. LONGEVITYnI am counting.one. The moment he starts counting we see as the kids both glide onto a branchnnearby. Turns out Bai Biao's children are pretty skilled themselves. INT. HIDDEN MOUNTAIN SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS DAYnThe room is already prepared as Wu Mo Li is bidding her Master and hernChief goodbye. In the room are Huo Ding Chu and Zhen Xi Ling WU MO LInI am ready, Master. Here I shall depart to help a fellow hero in need. HUANG YAN SHENG Good, before you go, recite the code of our society. WU MO LInWe will welcome he who wishes, or he who needs help, unless he is of evilnstock.nWe will keep nothing between teacher and student.nWe will be vigilant, for danger is always afoot.nWe will be true, for verity is the rarest of commodities.nWe will be honorable in deed, for otherwise is to betray our ancestors. GUO TING YANnShe has recited it pretty well indeed. HUANG YAN SHENG I am proud to have a student like her. At this moment a junior member for the Society bursts through the door. JUNIOR MEMBERnSir, this is bad news! Three guards have been found knocked out, one ofnthem in the tower! HUANG YAN SHENG Outrageous, who could have.n(to Huo Ding Chu)nIs your companion around here? HUO DING CHUnYou mean the Fast Runner? STUDENTnThat's what I was trying to say, two of those guards were outside the FastnRunner's room. GUO TING YANnThat means he must have gone to help his friends---those vile runagates! HUO DING CHUnWell, they don't mean much harm anyway. HUANG YAN SHENGnPerhaps it's so, but they cannot have gone far too, if they do our societynwill lose its reputation! ZHEN XI LINGnThat I agree upon, sir. HUANG YAN SHENG I suggest then that we send another patrol of men after them, shall we,nSir? GUO TING YANnIndeed, and make these some of our best, if the two men do not wish tonreturn to their hut and face up to their subsequent punishment, they shallnbe dealt with. The junior member nods and then leaves the room. Guo turns back to the three of them who are standing before him. GUO TING YANnNow it's time to go, do not worry, for we can handle the matter of yourn\"friends\" ourselves. The three, Huo, Zhen and Wu, bow and take their leave. EXT. CLEARING DAYnLongevity finally finishes counting. LONGEVITYnOkay kids, here I come! He opens his eyes. The two children have disappeared. LONGEVITYnWell, I'll be. Just hope they're back before dinner. Now where's the placenthey're most likely to hide. As he says this we see that the forest he is in has no end in sight. LONGEVITY(cont.)nDamn! DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD DAYnAlong this mountain road we see Yue Ying, Xu Wan Gang and Pathfinder, alongnwith Lei Shun Jing and thirteen of the mercenaries led by Feng Xian. As they move along we see that Yue Ying is constantly ahead of Xu Wan Gangnas she walks, and that every now and then she is turning backwards. Pathfinder does not understand any of the meaning of this, and when YuenYing turns her head back for the umpteenth time, so does he. Pathfinder just bursts into laughter as he sees his student. Yue Ying smiles weakly back at her Master. She moves up and close to Xu Wan Gang. YUE YINGnHe doesn't know about it, but I do. If you expect me to keep quiet, younbetter tell me something. XU WAN GANG And that would be. YUE YINGnWhat do you see when the shard gives you visions? Tell me, why have younmanaged to improve so fast within minutes? XU WAN GANGnI don't know.it's hard to describe. We get a GLIMPSE into Xu's visions:nWe see again that man that is Shang-Guan Wu Tian practicing the MigratorynSwallow style in a bamboo grove. Xu continues voice-over. XU WAN GANG (v/o)nIt's like all of a sudden, I can feel what it was like to have been in thenpresence of the great heroes of the past. After Shang-Guan Wu Tian finished with his sword, he leaps up and grabs anbamboo branch. Then he starts waving the branch around, and the force is just as great asnthat of using his sword. He gives the branch a good flick.the leaves arensent flying into one of the bamboo trunks where they embed as though theynwere darts. In one corner of the grove we see none other than Xu Wan Gang himself. CLOSE UP on his eye, and in his eye we see that the ultra-rapid moves ofnShang-Guan Wu Tian become clear and discernible. Xu closes his eyes, and then he opens them, there seems to be somethingnnewly awakened in him. He immediately draws the sword from his scabbard and raises it skyward, thensun glances off its deadly blade! XU WAN GANG (v/o)n.But then there were other visions of horror that I sometimes encounter,nvisions I can't quite register the nature of. Then the visions change, and then we see a burning temple, flames torchingnthe sky. Then there is a jarring montage: A CLOSE UP of an eye. Taoist warrior priests being slain by Imperial troops. A man crying for help. The screams of men and women altogether. The rain falling in torrents from the sky. The rainwater turning red as it hits the ground. A man on a horse, here a mere silhouette. Lightning flashes across the sky! Then the strange sequence ends. EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD DAYnXu Wan Gang finishes his story. Yue Ying listens, rapt. YUE YINGnWow, that is what you saw? XU WAN GANG That is what I saw, and after that my skills just improved tremendously. YUE YINGnGive me that shard! Yue Ying attempts to snatch at the shard that Xu Wan Gang is wearing aroundnhis neck. He tries to block her with his palm. But she is no slouch, and grabbing his wrist, she pushes his arm to thenside and tears the shard from around his neck, breaking the string thatnholds it in the process. He tries to snatch it back from her, but she wouldn't let him, keeping itnfirmly grasped in her hand, and replying with all the playfulness of anyoung girl. YUE YING No, you're not going to get it, I'm going to wear this now, if you cannimprove so fast, I don't see why I can't! At this moment we hear the familiar laugh of Lei Shun Jing again. LEI SHUN JINGnThat's right, wear it! Yue Ying, repulsed by the man, sticks her tongue out at him and then tiesnthe shard around her neck. She closes her eyes. Then she opens them. YUE YINGnNothing, I don't see anything yet, what's wrong? XU WAN GANGnI don't know.but it's dangerous, you don't want to see what I've seen. YUE YING Well, I'm not going to give it up! XU WAN GANGnListen to me. YUE YING Please just let me wear this for now, and I will return it to you tomorrow,nno harm done. XU WAN GANGnFine! Just don't come crying to me, I don't want to wear it that much nownanyway! Xu Wan Gang just gives up. Pathfinder is checking his map. PATHFINDERnIf I am not mistaken, we would be able to reach An Kui's Mansions bynnightfall. Nearby Lei Shun Jing smiles. LEI SHUN JINGnGood, I am hungering for some action already! Everyone is surprised by the man's sudden reaction. He just laughs it off. EXT. FOREST EVENINGnIt is already dusk in the forest, and we see that the Longevity is angrilyncalling out the names of Bai Jie and Bai Ge Ni. He has taken out his swordnfrom around his waist, and he is waving it around at the same time. LONGEVITYnListen.if you don't come out soon I'll chop you into bits! It's almostndinner time! INT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS ROOM NIGHTnWe see the Travelling Phantoms sit in their room, including their collectednhuman heads which they have placed in a corner. A servant, an African slave, brings in some hot tea. AFRICAN SLAVEnCompliments of the Master, I have brought you tea. Chu Huan Xian nods. The African slave takes his leave, and closes the door shut. Chu is now alone with the rest of his company, altogether five. The womannwith the butterfly hairpins is JING MING YEN, the man with the mask isnsimply known as CAT, since that is what his mask resembles. The manncarrying the giant lobster-crab thing is YE TIE XIN, and the man with thenbody armor is ZHUO GUANG MING. But when he is alone, Chu looks at the severed heads in anger. CHU HUAN XIANnWho got all of you to think of this? This was my entire housekeeper'snfamily. JING MING YENnWe did it for the honor of the Chu family. Tears are starting to form in Chu Huan Xian's eyes. CHU HUAN XIANnProdigal Son thinks that this act will allow him to make peace at last withnour family, hah! Who does he think we are, that we do not know that he isnabout to betray us with hooking up with that no-good Pathfinder! YE TIE XINnTherefore when Pathfinder comes with his entourage, we shall take care ofnhim. CHU HUAN XIANnOh yeah, they'll see what we have prepared for them. Yeah, who has thenshard on him, the boy? YE TIE XINnIndeed, sir, it is he. CHU HUAN XIANnDo not let him out of our sight, the shard must be taken! To ensure thatnthe already fallen do not die in vain, we must accomplish this mission!n(Beat)nAnd our targets are late, what do you think happened? YE TIE XINnMaybe they took a detour, perhaps? CHU HUAN XIANnCould be, may they be worth all our trouble. We see the heads of the dead, peaceful as can be. There are tears in Chu Huan Xian's eyes as he looks at them. EXT. FOREST NIGHTnLongevity is now sulking as he walks along, tired out of his wits if he hadnany. LONGEVITYnWhat am I going to tell Master now, the kids have disappeared! Think thinknthink! He starts pounding his head as he does so. Meanwhile, we see that hidden behind a tree nearby are the two siblings,nwho see him though he doesn't see them. BAI JIEnShould we tell him we're here? BAI GE NInNah, let him figure out for himself. BAI JIEnI think we cheated by constantly being on the run when we played hide-and-nseek. Bai Ge Ni just lets out a giggle. BAI GE NInThat's just what makes it fun! BAI JIEnCome on, sis, it's time we appear to him and tell him already. BAI GE NInI.I.guess you're right. The siblings step out from behind the tree and call out to Longevity. BAI GE NInHey, we're here! Longevity turns around, sees them, and breathes a sigh of relief. LONGEVITYnThere you are, thought I would never find you, come on, it's time to gonhome now! EXT. PINE FORESTS NIGHTnThese are the surrounding pine forests that lie around An Kui's Mansions. Out of the forests we see as Pathfinder and his entourage emerge. PATHFINDERnAh, there it is, I hope everyone is ready. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTnIt is at this moment that the Traveling Phantoms emerge, armed to thenteeth, their silhouettes in the moonlight on another one of the compound'snrooftops. This one located adjacent to the one that Pathfinder's lot werenon. Chu barks out orders to his followers. CHU HUAN XIANnIt's nightfall, our targets are most likely to launch an attack soon, keepnyour eyes peeled. The entire gang readies their weapons. Chu's twin bat-wing, tonfa/sabers goninto a defensive position. Ye Tie Xin shows us how the giant lobster/crab thing works, it is actuallyna hand-mounted shield with the solid steel pincers manually controlled. Jing Ming Yan with the lifelike butterflies in her hair doesn't appear veryninterested, but we do see in her hands that she is carrying six severednheads. Zhuo Guang Ming whips out the sword from around his waist. Then they spread out, leaping in many different directions, Chu himselfnleaps up into the air in a supernatural display of grace and looks set tonland on the same rooftop on which Pathfinder and gang are, as though henknows. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS ROOFTOPS NIGHTnPathfinder, Xu Wan Gang, Yue Ying and Feng Xian are prone down on theirnrooftop when they see the Traveling Phantoms. PATHFINDER The Chu clan of Sichuan! Feng Xian nocks an arrow to his bow and fires. Chu has indeed suspected them already, and shreds the arrow with his bat-nwing tonfa saber immediately. Then from mid-air, he delivers his first strike. CHU HUAN XIANnThe Mark of Ten! Since \"ten\" written in Chinese is a cross, this move is basically done byncrossing the giant tonfa sabers and then delivering two blows almost at thensame time, one horizontal, the other vertical, normally the force generatednin the hands of a master is enough to scatter foes in a few differentndirections. And Chu being a master, it does. But his foes are no slouches as well, and we see that after he deliversnthis blow, Pathfinder's lot are indeed knocked into the air, but soon theynmanage to land square on their feet on the nearby rooftops. Chu lands on the rooftop that he drove his foes off, which is still intact. Then.BLAM! The tiles on top of the roof scatter in different directions,nleaving behind the frame of the rooftop underneath. The other fighters struggle to defend themselves against a wave of tiles. Pathfinder using his long sleeves, Feng Xian using his cape, Xu Wan Gang and Yue Ying using a combination of their weapons and theirnfeet to deflect the tiles. When the tile storm clears, the tension is up. And peril hangs in the airnfor these combatants. The fight on the rooftop between the Traveling Phantoms and Pathfinder'sngroup begins. First a hail of arrows comes from the mercs, who have hid in the distance,nupon the order of Feng Xian. MERCS One shot, one kill! And indeed, so many shots would have taken out Chu Huan Xian with ease, hadnnot he had his weapon, shielding himself with the giant bat-wing-like saber-ntonfas while whirling them around in great arcs, it seems that he is almostnimpenetrable. The arrows all fall by the wayside. Then with a laugh, we see as Jing Ming Yen leaps to her leader's aid,nwhirling the six human heads around, three in each hand, then with a leapninto the air, she throws the human heads right down at the mercenarynarchers. There may be thirteen of them, but the attack is already enough to take outnall of them. It turns out that these human heads have been loaded with explosives, andnthis is set more than half a decade before its first recorded use innhistory! With her forceful throw, the heads detonate upon contact with the men innmesses of flesh and blood, the blow sends the mercs flying off the roof andnlanding on the ground with a splat. Jing Ming Yen lands on another rooftop, a satisfied smile on her face. These two Traveling Phantoms alone are probably enough for Pathfinder, XunWan Gang, Yue Ying and Feng Xian to handle. The four prepare to strike with their weapons. Lei Shun Jing is at thenside, and he doesn't seem to care about anything. But more is to come. Then we see as on the same rooftop that Chu Huan Xian is on, Cat, Ye TienXin and Zhuo Guang Ming all land. Then with a gesture from Chu Huan Xian, the fighting really starts. Pathfinder takes on Chu Huan Xian himself. His weapon is a double-bladednsword with one blade coming out of each side of the handle. Yue Ying whips out her two daggers and takes on Zhuo Guang Ming. Xu Wan Gang takes on Ye Tie Xin. Feng Xian, using his bow and arrows, takes on Cat, who seems unarmed, butnstrikes a pose with his hands. Jing Ming Yen looks on by the side, along with Lei Shun Jing.nBut Lei Shun Jing, like her, does not seem interested. But he glancesnaround the scene, what does he see? We CLOSE UP on the giant bat-wing tonfa-sabers that Chu Huan Xian wields. We CLOSE UP on the \"butterflies\" in Jing Ming Yen's hair. We CLOSE UP on the armor that Zhuo Guang Ming is wearing. We CLOSE UP on the strange weapon that Ye Tie Xin uses. Lei Shun Jing's eyes open wide in glee. The fights rage. Pathfinder is the strongest among all the combatants, and it shows. He andnChu Huan Xian are matching each other blow for blow. Pathfinder's style isnalmost built on the \"spiral\", while Chu's is almost built on the \"arc\". The radius of his weapon is limited to small concentric circles, but withnone swift move he can produce so many of them that his prowess isnfrightening. One can imagine Pathfinder as having many small force fieldsnaround him. While Chu Huan Xian's weapons being heavy, his weapon mainly swipes aroundnin great arcs that maximize their attack radius. One can imagine him asnhaving one large and far-ranging force field around him. Yue Ying, however, doesn't fare as well. Her two short daggers rely onnswiftness, not range, and range and stability of attacks is something thatnZhuo Guang Ming has plenty of, his single sword waving through the air, andndespite standing still. Yue Ying's attacks increase in anger and swiftness when all of a sudden shenscreams as she stares into space. An almost supernatural scream. Zhuo is frightened by this and immediately unleashes his secret weapon, henlets out an arrow from a secret compartment in his armor beneath his wrist,nthe arrow hits with such force that is actually throws Yue Ying's bodynbackwards as it pierces her. She falls off the roof like a rag doll, and lands on the ground. As Pathfinder and Chu Huan Xian continue their fight, Chu laughs. CHU HUAN XIANnOne down on your side already. PATHFINDER Don't get too cocky! Pathfinder does one mega-spiral, a move that consists of thrusting hisnknuckles outward so that the sword is horizontal and then subsequentlynwhirring it so fast while drawing it back in that the effect it has is notnunlike a small vertical tornado with the enemy at the tail end. Chu makes use of this opportunity anyway and swipes his batwing tonfa-nsabers at Pathfinder, who dodges the attack with a lowering of his body,nthereby discontinuing his previous move, but in doing so does anothernoutward sword spiral, this time blade held horizontally. Three times during this spiral the sword nearly wounds Chu as it forces himnback, and on the fourth count a spurt of blood Gushes out of Chu's chest asnit is wounded and Chu falls onto the roof. He picks himself up again, leaping back into position, and continues tonfight, this time one of his giant sabers pointing down, the other heldnacross, and makes a charge at Pathfinder, who leaps up, landing on one ofnthe sabers itself with his feet, pivots on it while the other foot lets outnand delivers a blow to Chu's back. Chu collapses onto the roof again. Now Pathfinder has his sword aimed atnChu's neck as the man lies on his back. Chu can only let go of his twin sabers, which he lets fall to the side. Xu Wan Gang is facing off a man with an unnatural weapon, the lobster-crabnthingy works as a shield at close range, leaving the other hand free tonattack. But that's if you can even get to close range, so far the lobster-crab-nshield's pincers are moving with such swiftness and dexterity as if bynmagic. And we see that Xu Wan Gang, despite having supposedly mastered XunLian Zhang's style and the style of Shang-Guan Wu Tian's \"MigratorynSwallow\" sword style, is unable to cope with this strange new weapon. Within a few blows, he is knocked back. Now we see Feng Xian unsuccessfully faces off Cat, he has already drivennthree arrows into Cat's body, but yet Cat seems to come on unrelentingly.nCat doesn't seem to have any style so much as superhuman agility, he leapsnup into the air and stretching out his hands clawlike, grabs Feng Xian justnas he drives another arrow into Cat's body and they leap off the roof. While in mid-air, they struggle and Cat explodes, he is actually annexplosive-loaded mechanical man, Feng Xian, though manages to flip out justnbefore the explosion happens and escapes relatively unharmed, but we see asnhe collapses to the ground below. Meanwhile, Ye Tie Xin clearly is already winning in his fight as one of thenpincers gets past Xu's defences and draws a deep gash across the youth'snchest. In desperation, Xu Wan Gang attempts to use the final measure. Mustering all his concentration to him, he thrusts out his sword in frontnof him, and attempts to pull off Xu's trademark move, with a twist. Now the sword's blade splits, and each side attacks one pincer, but Ye hasncaught on, and then grabs hold of both with the pincers, with a forcefulnsnap, Xu Lian Zhang's sword breaks. And at this moment, Ye has come right up to Xu, and the pincers are rightnat Xu's neck. YE TIE XINnSay your prayers, I'm going to. At this moment, something grabs his neck, it is a chain. It turns out that it is Lei's chain. Lei throws down a sword at Xu, who catches it. Then Lei gives the chain a yank, and immediately, the life goes out of Ye'snbody as he collapses to the ground. The chain unwraps itself. At this moment Jing Ming Yen leaps down and attacks Lei and Xu, who are nownon the same roof. First she throws out the two butterflies from her hair,nwhich are actually flying darts of some sort. And she throws them in such anway that they fly off in different directions, one to each target. But Lei just gives his chain a flick, and the two butterfly darts arenbeaten out of the air He whirls his chain around again and it now snakes up into the air andnwraps itself around Jing Ming Yen's waist. Like a human yo-yo she becomes, as Lei quickly pulls the chain and reelsnher in like a fish. When up close he delivers a kick to her waist and abdomen, which is alreadynwrapped around with the chain, she immediately spurts out a single jet ofnblood from her mouth. He kicks her again, the chain unwraps, yo-yoing her far out into thendistance and off the roof. At this moment Zhuo Guang Ming comes attacking with his sword. With a single move, Lei Shun Jing has already curled his chain up intonthree loops, and in one single move, Zhuo's sword is caught. LEI SHUN JINGnThis piece of scrap metal is unworthy of my possession, let it bendestroyed! A wave of energy courses through the chain, causing Zhuo's sword to burstnin the process, its blade exploding off in several different directions. Zhuo is thrown back, and while he is thrown back, we see as what littlenlife in him isntaken out by Lei with a single blow to the head with the chain. Xu Wan Gang is amazed. XU WAN GANGnEr.thanks. LEI SHUN JINGnDon't worry, kid, one day you'll have my ability too. As Pathfinder sees this he laughs in glee at this fallen foe, who isnseething in anger as Pathfinder's sword gleams in front of his neck. PATHFINDERnLook, all down on your side. At this moment we see as a whole bunch of guards arrives, lining up innfront of the building that Pathfinder and Chu Huan Xian have had theirnduel. These are the guards of the mansion, and they are led by none other than AnnKui himself. Besides him stands the African slave. AN KUInWell well, look who dropped in. Don't worry anymore, your fallen teamnmembers shall be compensated for, and then you shall be richly rewarded.n(to guards)nMen, arrest them! Just then he finds that all the guards' spears are pointed at him. AN KUInWhat is the meaning of this? All of a sudden, the African slave speaks up. AFRICAN SLAVE I am Lian Wen, loyal Commander of the Darklight Alliance, and hereby Inplace you under arrest! AN KUInHow dare you. LIAN WENnDid you think I was a mere slave? Well, I was until my mistress, Bai Biao'snwife, set me free, and he in turn gave me my powers! I have been givennorders to arrest you from Bai Biao himself, and to hold those TravelingnPhantoms for detention until further notice! Lian Wen takes out a seal from the folds of his robe. AN KUInShe was a Christian! It's people like her who corrupt the Empire! LIAN WENnI would have been a Christian, if not for the fact that my hard life hasnstopped me from believing in a merciful God. It's really people like younthat corrupt the Empire. AN KUInWell, then, take this! An Kui whips out his fan, which is a half-moon fan with razor tips, andnslashes it across Lian Wen's face, blinding him in one eye. Lian Wen whipsnout his weapon, which is a curved sword, and the two fight. An Kui desperately tries to reach for the seal that Lian is holding withnhis free hand while they thrust, parry, riposte and separate. The guards part nervously, now no longer knowing what to do. It is clear from the start that Lian Wen despite being blinded, is thenstronger, and that An Kui is a clumsy and ineffective fighter consideringnhis background, his hand reaching out futilely for the robe, to grab thenseal that will give him control. Within four rounds, Lian has already taken out An Kui and kicked him to thenground, where he lies, dazed. Lian Wen reads out An Kui's crimes. LIAN WENnOn the charges of embezzlement and corruption of which you have been foundnguilty, you are hereby. Just then we hear the loud scream of a young girl. It is Yue Ying, who bolts out of one of the compound's alleys, her eyesnaglow along with the shard that is around her neck. Lian Wen is lost for words. LIAN WENnThe shard is real! The arrow is still in her, but she has her five fingers wrapped around thenshaft. The good eye of Lian Wen is wide open as he sees this. The rest of the guards point their spears at Yue Ying. Yue Ying does not care, her eyes are filled with anger. Yue Ying slowly but surely pulls out the shaft from her chest. CLOSE UP on her bloodied hand as it pulls the arrow out, very slowly. We see that the arrow shaft is already dripping with blood, and that bloodnis slowly oozing out of her chest. Then when she finishes drawing the arrow, she holds it in her hand. Then we see something miraculous. The wound on her chest that would have been fatal is starting to heal, atnan almost superhuman rate. Within seconds, it is gone. The guards step back, terror written all over their faces. Lian Wen prepares to fight, assuming a defensive stance with his sword. Words pour out of Yue Ying's mouth very slowly. YUE YINGnI want that man for myself.none of you will touch him! On the rooftops, the rest of the fighters are equally disturbed by thisnscene. Except of course for Lei Shun Jing. Chu Huan Xian's words slowly escape his mouth as he tries to pick himselfnup. CHU HUAN XIANnIt's.it's the shard.it's mine. Pathfinder grabs his him by the hair and PULLS! PATHFINDERnSHUT UP! Chu Huan Xian falls silent. LIAN WENnThat artifact is my Lord's desire! Surrender it to the Darklight Alliancenor else! Yue Ying's eyes are filled with anger as she looks at Lian Wen. YUE YINGnBlood.blood will stain the earth.I realize, blood awoke me, blood I willnspill! She takes out her two daggers and comes rushing towards the guards. At this moment Xu Wan Gang rushes over the rooftops, leaps down and landsnright beside Yue Ying, blocking her with his palm, in his other hand hisnsword is ready. XU WAN GANG Ying! Give me the shard now! I know what's happening, it's the blood,nright? You saw the blood, too, the rain of blood! Yue Ying is lost for words, but she just nods. Then she runs up and hugs Xu Wan Gang. At the same time, tears flow out ofnthe corners of Yue Ying's eyes as she looks into his. YUE YINGnI should have died there. But I didn't. At this time there is an emotion that nobody ever registered displayed onnPathfinder's face: genuine concern. PATHFINDERnAre you alright, Ying-er? Yue Ying does not reply. She just looks over Xu Wan Gang's shoulder, atnLian Wen contemptuously. YUE YINGnYou filthy cur! An Kui is ours! XU WAN GANGnCan't you see, he won't do us any good even if we nab him, he's a scumbag,neven the Darklight Alliance does not want him.n(Beat)nLet's leave him alone. YUE YINGnI cannot leave any member of the Darklight Alliance alone after what I saw! XU WAN GANGnYes, the killing, the flames, the rain turning red.I saw it all. YUE YINGnI saw more than that, Wan Gang, maybe you don't recall it, but I can innperfect detail. I also saw how my father died. LIAN WENnYour father was. YUE YINGnYes, Yue Tian Jun, one of your Master's countless victims. We see as Yue Ying's voice continues through the transition. VISION SEQUENCE BEGINSnIt is a dark and rainy night, the place is unknown. But as we move down to the ground, we see that the rain is now red uponnmixing with blood. Slowly we see a pair of shoes, then we move up. Slowly the figure of Bai Biao is revealed. We see that he is drinking from something, it is a human head, and blood isnflowing out from the neck, as it has just been freshly cut. The head is none other than that of Yue Tian Jun. Bai Biao drinks from the head the mix of blood and rainwater with the lustnone would expect from fine wine. CLOSE UP on his hand, we see that in it he is holding a large saber, thenblood on which has already been washed away by the rainwater.. Then nearby we see Yue Ying as she is at her present age. In front of hernis her when she was just a child. She is too shocked to cry. Lying on the floor near Bai Biao is the headless corpse of her father. CLOSE UP on the face of the young Yue Ying, which is blank and asnemotionless as a stone. The older Yue Ying's eyes, though, are turning red from crying. We see as Bai Biao dramatically throws the severed head aside, and closesnhis eyes, feeling the impact of rain upon his face.nHe looks at Yue Ying, his eyes are somewhat sad, but yet there is a sort ofnglee in them. Looking at him, it is hard to tell the emotion he feels fornthe child. Is it pity, or sadistic glee, or something located in thenmiddle? We just don't know, but the rain falls down on his face, and one is alreadynunable to tell of it is rain that is falling down on his face, or if it hasnmixed with tears. We now focus on the grown up Yue Ying, eyes still running with anger andntears, but the VISION SEQUENCE ENDS as the background MORPHS to: EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTnYue Ying's face is still stuck in a similar expression. Now she mostnviolently pushes Xu Wan Gang to the ground. YUE YING Your Master decapitated my father, and drank his blood! I won't stop till Inget to do the same thing to him! But first I'll start with you! Lian Wen's eyes are wide in a cross between belief and skepticism as henholds out his saber at this girl who seems to have sprung back from thendead. LIAN WENnListen, you are not going to do anything to my Master so long as I am here.n(Beat)nNow all of you stop! This fight is between me and this girl alone! YUE YINGnThat's right! XU WAN GANG No, don't try to take him on, you don't know what you're doing! Xu Wan Gang picks himself up and is already trying to remove his new swordnfrom his scabbard when a Guard grabs him. Xu turns around. The Guard shakes his head and pulls Xu back from the fray. Xu watches from the sides and Lian Wen and Yue Ying prepare to fight. But right now Xu can only shout at Lian. XU WAN GANG Sir, aim for the shard around her neck! She doesn't know what she is doing! Nobody, though, seems to hear what it is that Xu is saying. LIAN WENnAim for the shard all right, my Master has wanted this artifact for a longntime! Then Lian and Yue start fighting. Lian is a greatly skilled fighter, despite the fact that he is blinded innone eye. Despite the fact that Yue Ying's twin daggers move like flying fishes innwater, Lian is perfectly capable of holding his own for a few moves.nLian Wen is more a display of brute force that conceals elegance, while YuenYing is a display of supernatural agility. Lian delivers a kick to Yue, but she blocks it by crossing her twinndaggers. But pressing down her twin daggers with his foot, he parts them and thenngoes in for the kill with a thrust that strikes inches within Yue's neck,nbut her twin daggers leap up in time and sandwich his blade between them. Pushing his saber back with her twin daggers, she delivers a flying kick tonhis chest which he again avoids by jumping out of reach. While in mid-air he converts from a jump to a forward roll and comesncrashing down on Yue Ying. XU WAN GANG Aim for the blind spot! LIAN WENnWhat the hell.? Before he can finish his sentence Yue Ying nods and leaps up, where the twonexchange a few rapid blows in mid-air, then just as Lian Wen is about tonmake a slash at Yue Ying, she spins to the side, swinging her legs up andnin the process turning her body into a horizontal projectile. A move which he tries to counter with a swipe of his saber, but. TOO LATE! She has already drawn a scar slightly below the bloodied messnthat is his eye. He lets out a cry of anger and makes for the shard that is around her neck,nbut she leaps further up and out of the way, so that his saber barelynmisses her. The two land, facing off each other now. From her height advantage she comes swooping down on Lian Wen, who managesnto parry a few more of her blows until in an instance of delay on his part,nshe manages to disappear into his blind spot. But he is better prepared fornit now and whirls around. Now it has boiled down to a competition of speed, whoever turns aroundnfaster will have the winning hand.and he has done so just in time to. Witness that she in fact behind him faster than he can spin, has one daggernaround his neck while her other dagger is pointed at his chest, and thatnhis hand holding the saber is already firmly clasped by her to his side. YUE YING Don't any of you move, you're going to watch me kill him, decapitate him,nand drink his blood! The guards lift up their spears in much fear. At this time Xu Wan Gang, who happens to be some distance behind Yue Ying,ntears away from the crowd and in a series of moves all too quick, escapesnthe thrust of a Guard's spear, leaps behind Yue Ying and makes a down-to-upnslash with his newfound sword that severs Yue Ying. Or her clothes at least, from her waist right up to her neck leaving hernbody unharmed. The back of her outfit parts, revealing her flawless complexion. Feng Xian's eyes pop wide open. But we also see that Xu Wan Gang has in fact parted the shard from her. SLO-MO: The shard flies through the air. And lands in the palm of Xu Wan Gang. At this moment a change seems to have come over Yue Ying. She seems to start growing weaker, her hands fall limp to her side, herneyes roll over, and then she finally collapses to the ground. All this leaving Lian Wen standing. Lian Wen looks at Xu Wan Gang rather incredulously. LIAN WENnKid.you did some job back there.I don't know.if I should thank you or killnyou. XU WAN GANG Sir, I just didn't want any more unnecessary deaths. LIAN WENnUnnecessary? XU WAN GANGnLike I said, An Kui is a piece of trash. I'm sure that with this decree tonarrest the son of a founding member of the Darklight Alliance states thatneven his father has given up on him? LIAN WENnIndeed it is so. XU WAN GANG If such is the case, then I think we should hand him over to you. We havenno need for him anymore. LIAN WENnAgreed. But you cannot leave without giving us the shard. We outnumber you,ndon't try to fight us. XU WAN GANG Sir. Do you want the shard yourself? Have you seen the harm it did to her? He points to Yue Ying and sighs. XU WAN GANG (cont.)nIt drives her mad, it puts fear, terror, bloodlust and anger into her head.nIt's going to make me mad too one of these days, but I must return it tonits rightful owner, because it is my destiny to do so. LIAN WENnIt is indeed an unholy object. But my Master Bai Biao wants it, and I amnbut his soldier. XU WAN GANGnSometimes people want things that aren't good for them. Please, thisnbelongs with its owner, whoever it is. Lian Wen laughs and turns to Pathfinder. LIAN WENnSir, you can let go of that man now, nobody will be paying him anyway. Pathfinder lets go of Chu Huan Xian, who he has up till now been pulling bynthe hair, and kicks him to the ground below. He lands, spitting out a bloodied tooth as he does so. Immediately a few guards grab him. CHU HUAN XIANnWell, let me tell you this, I am the rightful owner of that shard! XU WAN GANG You, the rightful owner!? Prodigal Son never mentioned you, did he? CHU HUAN XIANnWell, let's just say this, he didn't have the guts to mention me! He and Inwe go back a long way, our families have known each other for nearly eightynyears!n(Beat)nDid you know how that shard came about, it wasn't a good luck charm at all,nit was a piece of the greatest sword ever made! And did you know where thenmetal for the stone came from? The metal for that shard, and the sword, wasnnot from China at all! At this time Lei Shun Jing has leaped down from the roof, just to hear thenstory. Chu's voice continues through the flashback. FLASHBACK BEGINSnEXT. ARABIA DAYnCaption: Year 600nThis is a wide-open temple where many people sit worshipping a giant rock. CHU HUAN XIAN(v/o)nIt all goes back, almost three centuries ago the people of my ancestorsnworshipped deaf and blind objects, one of these was a giant rock that fellnfrom the sky many years ago. DISSOLVE TO: A man whose visage is unseen, preaching to a group of people. CHU HUAN XIAN (v/o)nThat was until the Prophet Muhammed, Peace Be Upon Him, declared that thenidol gods be abolished and that Allah was the one True God. Of course, Henhad a point, how could stone and wood could not possibly have eyes and earsnto see and hear your grief?n(beat)nBut my ancestor saw it differently. We now see as among the crowd He is preaching to there is an old man with anlong beard and a turban. This is Chu's ancestor YUSEF. We see as he shakes his head. INT. LIBRARY DAYnWe see Yusef sitting in a library, surrounded by many ancient and arcanentexts, he nods as he finishes a paragraph of the book he is reading. He shakes his head as he closes the book. CHU HUAN XIAN(v/o)nMy ancestor Yusef was from a great family of alchemists, and he knew thatnthe Great Rock was loaded with rich deposits of iron of celestial origin,nit was iron from Allah himself. If Allah made all things with a purpose Henmade to be beaten into swords for heroes.n(Beat)nBut if this rock were to be destroyed by the mob, they would have beennblind to a greater purpose that Allah had in mind. EXT. TEMPLE NIGHTnWe see as Yusef, along with a great entourage, comes along, to the templenof the Great Rock. The men break down the door with a huge log. Then they enter the temple. EXT. DESERT DAYnYusef is sitting on his carriage, which is loaded with the Great Rock, andnhe is guarded by his entourage, which are in fact his children, armed tonthe teeth with sabers. Along the way one of them drops dead from heat exhaustion. CHU HUAN XIAN(v/o)nThe trek grew perilous and long, as my ancestors made the journey acrossnthe Great Silk Roads to reach the great Empire of China. EXT. CHANG AN DAYnYusef and his entourage enter the Capital of China at last, their carriagenis holding the Great Rock intact. The Chinese around them regard the travelers with much curiosity, and somenchildren actually come along to tease the beard of one of Yusef's sons. He gives their heads a good little rub. DISSOLVE TO:nA pavilion by a lake, here we see one of Yusef's sons look lovingly intonthe eyes of a Chinese woman. They kiss. CHU HUAN XIAN (v/o)nSo over time my family settled down, and we intermarried with the Chinese. DISSOLVE TO: On a hilltop we see as the couple practice swordplay together. CHU HUAN XIAN (v/o)nCombining Arab alchemy and swordplay with the Chinese martial arts, wenchanged our surnames to Chu where before we had none, and became the Chunschool of martial arts.nWe didn't use just swords and fists and feet, we also used mechanics andnthe principles of alchemy. EXT. FORGE DAYnAt a blacksmith's forge we see as the Arab man looks at a mastercraftednsword, the same sword that would become the sword of Shi Wushuang----thenUndefeated. CHU HUAN XIANnIt was us who forged the sword of which that shard is a part of! It isntherefore only right that it belongs to us. Prodigal Son knew it, but henwas too ashamed to come to us with what he had done, and therefore henwanted you to do the task for him! XU WAN GANG No, I will not trust Prodigal Son! It cannot belong to you, whoever itnbelongs to must be a person capable of maintaining his sanity throughneverything I've seen! You cannot! CHU HUAN XIANnWhat nonsense is this? XU WAN GANGnCan you face fear, loss and despair on the scale I have witnessed? Look, itndrove Yue Ying crazy, it's driving me crazy, and I do not know what kindsnof effects it will have on the likes of you, but I just know, it does notnbelong to any of you people at all. LIAN WENnI agree. CHU HUAN XIANnThis is.this is outrageous! I demand you return me what is mine! XU WAN GANGnSo you made things like this? Xu Wan Gang takes out the \"dead\" swallow and throws it at Chu Huan Xian. CHU HUAN XIANnWell, that is mine indeed.you have. XU WAN GANGnTake it, I don't want it anymore. Before he can finish Lian Wen has cut him off. LIAN WENnEnough, on his part, I have agreed to stop pursuing the matter for tonight.nNext time we meet we meet as enemies.n(Beat)nWe have done our duty for now, and we will give An Kui his appropriatenpunishment, the shard is of secondary importance now. The guards just nod in agreement. Just at this moment An Kui, who seems to have been lying dazed on thenground, suddenly throws a smoke bomb to the ground, then leaps up into thenair. Before any of the guards can stop him, whips his half-moon fan flyingnacross the air so that it scatters a shower of razor tips all over thenplace, then he leaps onto one of the rooftops as he glides onto a pavilionnand then springs onto the eaves. LIAN WENnI'll see to that! PATHFINDER So will I! Lian Wen and Pathfinder leap onto the same rooftop and tries to catch upnwith An Kui, who by now has disappeared over it. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS ROOFTOPS NIGHTnLian Wen and Pathfinder stand on the rooftop, but he can see no one rightnnow. An Kui has already leapt out of his compound. PATHFINDER You have got to give him credit, running away is one thing the kid's beenngood for. LIAN WENnHe's been doing it all his life. Just then, Pathfinder points his double bladed sword at Lian Wen's back. PATHFINDER Well, at least he got to do it, because you can't do it now. LIAN WENnWhat the.? He turns around and looks down. At this moment we see that a large number of troopers have arrived. Thesenare men dressed in similar fashion to Feng Xian and his mercs, and they allncome on horseback. Immediately they surround the place, weapons at the ready. The mansion guards drop their weapons and surrender. PATHFINDER As of now all of An Kui's wealth shall belong to me! LIAN WENnWho are you anyway? PATHFINDER That's for me to know and you to find out. Pathfinder slashes his sword across Lian Wen's body. He screams and afternspinning around, falls off the roof. On the ground, Xu Wan Gang is dumbstruck at the sudden amount of \"help\"nthat has arrived\". XU WAN GANG What has happened? Who are these? The leader of the men speaks up. LEADER I am the local armed escort chief, and this is my entourage. We have beenncalled by your Pathfinder to transport the ill-gotten wealth of An Kui tonwhere it will be safe.in the Capital!n(Beat)nAs for all of An Kui's men, these evil-doers shall all be destroyed! The already disarmed guards, servants etc.. are helplessly rounded up. Then they are taken in front of the armed escort entourage. The armed escorts draw their arrows. Then we hear Pathfinder's voice before it happens. PATHFINDER Leave one of them behind, we'll chop off his hands and have him carry ournmessage with his stumps! His mouth if he has to! FADE TO BLACK. We hear the screams of the dying. EXT. FOREST OUTSIDE AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTnLongevity, Bai Jie and Bai Ge Ni hear the noise coming from the mansion. BAI GE NInWhat's that? BAI JIEnI dunno.sounds like the mansion is being sacked. we can't go back now. LONGEVITYnWe can't? BAI GE NInYes.Oh no! I have to go back! LONGEVITYnHuh? BAI GE NInMy mother's painting! I can't lose my mother all over again! LONGEVITYnWell whatever it is, I'm running away now! Longevity heads off into the distance, never to be seen again. BAI JIEnWait, you're supposed to be loyal to the Darklight Alliance! LONGEVITYnI can't care less! Bai Ge Ni lets out a cry of anger and draws his sword, leaping up into thenair and down again, he slashes Longevity across the back, killing himninstantly. BAI GE NInOnce to the Darklight Alliance, always to the Darklight Alliance! With that, she drags Longevity by his hands and carries him back to hernbrother. The two of them look at the corpse of the servant. BAI JIEnWhat are we going to do with him? BAI GE NInLet's bury him first, talk about other things later. The two kids start using their swords to dig up a makeshift grave. BAI GE NInYou dig, I'll go back and get mother's picture, okay? BAI JIEnGood luck to you, sis, you'll need it. BAI GE NInThanks. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTnWe see as huge chests of treasure are moved out by many of the \"armednescorts\" and loaded onto a huge carriage pulled by five horses. The mercs killed in battle are all laid out on the ground. PATHFINDER Take them all to be buried, they have died well. Meanwhile Xu Wan Gang looks at all this in disbelief. XU WAN GANG Robbers, that's what we're acting like. At this moment he sees Lei Shun Jing walking by. XU WAN GANGnLei, do you know where Yue Ying is? LEI SHUN JINGnOh she's fine, she's resting, she'll recover. XU WAN GANGnHave you seen Feng Xian, by the way? Lei shakes his head. XU WAN GANG And thanks for the. LEI SHUN JINGnSword? Ha ha ha.wait till you see what I've got, I have thousands of swordsnlike these all over!n(Beat)nDid you see the carvings that were on your sword yet? XU WAN GANG No, why? LEI SHUN JINGnO you must look at it! Don't you find that the sword really fits you? XU WAN GANGnIt does, in fact it fits me better than the sword Xu gave me.why? Xu Wan Gang takes the sword out of his saber, and then looks at the wordsnthat are written on it: THE SWORD OF THE GU FAMILY LEI SHUN JINGnWell, let's just say you and the sword go a long way back, I could say thensame too about the sword that I want to give Yue Ying, can you give it tonher for me? Lei Shun Jing takes out the second of the two swords he has on his back andngives it to Xu Wan Gang. Suddenly a look of panic spreads across Xu Wan Gang's face. XU WAN GANGnYes. Xu Wan Gang quickly leaves Lei Shun Jing and runs through the compound. He comes to two blocks, located around a serene manmade pond. In thenportico of one of the houses he sees none other than Feng Xian standing innthe portico, the nearby guard of the room not caring at all but in factnjoining Feng Xian. Immediately he leaps up and jumps right into the portico. Feng Xian is startled by the sudden arrival of Xu Wan Gang. FENG XIANnXu? What are you doing here? XU WAN GANGnI see, you recovered from your coma fast... FENG XIANnOf course, it takes more than just that to knock me down, heh heh. whatnhave you come for? XU WAN GANGnTo see Yue Ying. Xu Wan Gang sees that a hole has been pierced in the paper windows, andnshakes his head disapprovingly. He throws the door open, and we see that resting inside is none other thannYue Ying, resting in a silky see-through blouse and a back-revealing one-npiece underneath. Then he shuts the door and sits down beside the bed. XU WAN GANG Poor girl. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS YUE YING'S BEDROOM DAYnThe guard hisses at Feng Xian as he continues to peek through the hole. GUARD Hey, is he doing anything NASTY in there? FENG XIANnNo. not at all, if I'm not mistaken, I think he really cares about her. Thenfool. EXT. AN KUI'S COMPOUND GATE NIGHTnWe see as some of the guards have laid Chu Huan Xian out on the ground. And one of them is carrying a very big iron rod which he waves gleefully innhis hand, and brings it down and hard on Chu's knees. Pathfinder isnstanding nearby. Offsscreen, Chu Huan Xian lets out a loud scream as his knees are broken.nXu Wan Gang screws his face up in disgust. Pathfinder has two ready-made crutches by his side. PATHFINDERnYou will not go back with your two sabers, but with these in your hands. He twirls the crutch around. PATHFINDER(cont.)nLook, isn't it a great weapon? He lets out a sadistic laugh, and the others around him join in. Chu Huan Xian spits at him. CHU HUAN XIANnI will not forget this.never! Pathfinder throws the crutches at Chu Huan Xian. PATHFINDER Wear these crutches and walk back home, tell them whoever crossesnPathfinder will regret it!n(turns to his men)nJust loot the money for now, tomorrow we'll start to inspect the relics innthese mansions. An Kui has bought treasures from all over the world, we'llnsee what we can take! INT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS YUE YING'S BEDROOM NIGHTnXu Wan Gang sits besides Yue Ying, he lays his hand on her lips, a softnsound barely escapes them. XU WAN GANGnYue Ying.you're.awake! Yue Ying wakes up and nods. Then she gives him a hug. YUE YINGnYes, I am.oh it was like I had a nightmare just now, I don't know what camenover me! XU WAN GANG The same thing that came over me when I wore it.those visions of fear andndespair and death. The shard gives people those visions. I think it maynhave something to do with its origins. YUE YINGnWhat were its origins? XU WAN GANG Like I said, those grown ups haven't told us everything. I just heard thenstory from Chu himself. I don't know how much of what he said is true, butnhe said this shard is made of a metal believed to have been sent to Earthnby a Supreme Being. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS YUE YING'S BEDROOMnFeng Xian is looking at them in utter ridicule as he overhears the originnstory of the sword. FENG XIANnOh don't tell me he doesn't want to do the nasty yet! GUARD What? FENG XIANnI tampered with the incense in the room, it was an aphrodisiac! Those twonshould be drunk on it by now already! And I thought it was okay to miss mynchance so long as I got to see them get some action! GUARD Don't worry, any minute now. INT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS YUE YING'S BEDROOMnThere is not much of a sign that the two of them have the hots for eachnother yet, anyhow. XU WAN GANGn.I think. YUE YING Stop thinking and just give it to me! Yue Ying takes the sword that Lei Shun Jing has given Xu Wan Gang, and thennjust chucks it aside. She lets out a small giggle. YUE YINGnIs there anything you really want to tell me right now? We see that as of now Xu Wan Gang already has his hand on the blanket. On his face are drops of sweat. XU WAN GANG Not much else but. Yue Ying immediately grabs his hand and pulls it under the sheets. XU WAN GANG (cont.)nHey. YUE YING I'm letting you feel my thigh right now.and you're moving up.. His resistance is also getting low, but he is aware. XU WAN GANGnWe have to get out of this place. Yue Ying though, does nothing. She reaches out, traces the outline of hisnlips with her finger, then grabs him and pulls him onto her bed. He startsnto give in, moving the rest of his body up onto the bed and moves his facento hers, they kiss long and deep, her tongue snaking its way into hisnmouth. Then he pulls away again. XU WAN GANG I can't do this.not now, just not now. YUE YINGnWhat's wrong with doing it now anyway? She sits up and grabs hold of him by the shoulders, then leans close to hisnface again, mouth open, her fragrant breath upon him. They kiss another time, she guides his hand so that it takes off her outerngown, revealing her slender arms. A faint muted whine escaping her lips asnshe does so. XU WAN GANGnYou're getting.too much. They kiss again, she starts to pull away the blanket that is the only thingnbetween them. YUE YING Now it starts. He knows he has to do something now. Immediately he gets off the bed andngrabs her by the hand, pulling her out of bed immediately and walkingntowards the doorway. XU WAN GANG Let's go now, you need some fresh air outside. YUE YINGnWhat do you mean fresh air? She grabs him and tries to get him back in, but to no avail. He slides thendoor open and exits. EXT. AN KUI'S COMPOUND YUE YING'S BEDROOMnBy now Feng Xian and the guard are both standing by the side, trying tonpretend they don't know anything of what's going on. FENG XIANnWhat the.? Xu Wan Gang shuts the door to the room immediately while Yue Ying is stillnclinging on to him. YUE YINGnCome back in.! There is a slight hint of anger as Xu Wan Gang looks at Feng Xian. XU WAN GANG (to Feng Xian)nThere was a drug in the room, it was making her act foolishly. He leads her to the portico. XU WAN GANGnNow breathe deeply. Just do it. YUE YINGnWhatever. She does as she is told. Then using his fingers he hits two of her acupuncture points. She lets outna cough, and leans forward onto the portico, gasping. XU WAN GANG You see what I mean? YUE YINGnYeah, yeah, what happened in there.? XU WAN GANGnYou were almost going to make a mistake you couldn't afford to. We have tonmove out of this place, I'll have to go back in and get something first. Xu Wan Gang enters the room again, covering his nose, and then comes out,ntaking the swords meant for the two of them in one hand, as well asncarrying Yue Ying's daggers on his back. XU WAN GANGnCome on, let's go. EXT. PAVILION NIGHTnThis is a pavilion by another of the compound's various manmade lakes, herenwe see as Xu Wan Gang and Yue Ying sit. It is already approaching dawn. Yue Ying has now changed out of her bedclothes into an elegant dress. Hernhead hangs in sorrow. YUE YINGnI'm so sorry, I didn't know. XU WAN GANGnDon't worry, I'll tell Pathfinder about this first thing in the morning,nmisconduct on the part of people like Feng Xian cannot be forgiven. YUE YINGnThank you. XU WAN GANGnA drugged person can do anything you want him or her to, so it wasn't yournfault. I almost couldn't resist it myself.n(Beat)nNow see this. He shows the sword Lei Shun Jing has given him to her. XU WAN GANGnDo you recognize this? YUE YINGnI haven't really seen it but. XU WAN GANGnLei Shun Jing has told me that the swords he has given to both of us gonback a long way, now I haven't seen the sword that he gave me before, I'mnwondering. Yue Ying removes her sword from its scabbard. Her sword is slender andnelegant, and on the hilt is set a sapphire. She starts to inspect the small carvings on her sword. YUE YINGnThis is the Blue Sky Sword, it's been a family heirloom of mine. After mynfather's defeat at Bai Biao's the Darklight Alliance destroyed everythingnmy family had, and the sword has since disappeared.n(Beat)nWhere did that crazy old man actually get this? XU WAN GANGnWait, if he says that this is your family heirloom, my sword could be mynfamily heirloom too! He takes out his sword, and reads: XU WAN GANGn.The Sword of the Gu Familyn(Beat)nI know Master Xu always told me my real family was unknown and that theyndied in a flood, but if the Gu family were such great martial artists thennthey could not have been unknown to someone like Master Xu.n(Beat)nHe's been lying to me all this while. YUE YINGnHe probably did it for a good reason, maybe the Gu family were really evilnpeople. XU WAN GANGnMaybe, just maybe. Then in the background we see that a shadow has leapt over a wall and hasnslunk into the compound. Yue Ying turns back almost instinctively. She picks up the Blue Sky Sword and her daggers, leaps out of the pavilion,nskips over the pond and leaps onto a nearby building, disappearing over it. XU WAN GANGnWhere do you think you're going? Just at this moment Pathfinder comes up from behind him, laying a hand onnhis shoulder. PATHFINDERnShe's just angry that she's been taken advantaged of by someone like FengnXian, you know. She needs some time off, cut her a little slack. XU WAN GANG I hope you're right. How have you punished Feng, then? PATHFINDERnReally, child, you must understand that Feng's the life of the party amongnus.so we can't afford to have our spirits down by too much. I just gave himna slap on the wrist only. XU WAN GANGnOnly. PATHFINDER Yes, child, come with me, I'm sure Ying-er will be fine on her own.this isna glorious night, it's time to help ourselves to our loot, you know. Xu Wan Gang follows Pathfinder. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTnThe shadow that has leapt over the wall, of course, is none other than BainGe Ni herself. As she runs across one of the alleys we see as Yue Ying comes swooping downnfrom the eaves of a building nearby and chases after her. Bai Ge Ni turns back, to see Yue Ying hot on her trail. She picks up speed. We see that the two girls are in increasingly close proximity of eachnother. At this point we see that the two of them draw their weapons. Yue Ying draws her two daggers, and Bai Ge Ni her own sword. Yue Ying charges forward with her two daggers. YUE YINGnLittle girl, where are you going? Bai Ge Ni draws her own sword, which shoots out of its scabbard like angleaming silver eel. They actually erupt into a series of violent clashes while they are stillnrunning. Bai Ge Ni is the first to attack, and it is potentially fatal, aimingndirectly at Yue Ying's chest. BAI GE NInThat is none of your business! Yue Ying blocks it with her two daggers and delivers two blows on her part,nwhich Bai Ge Ni blocks with ease. The two clash for a while more, with no sign of slowing down from any side.nThis is one amazing display of speed and grace on the part of both. WhilenYue Ying is a showcase of extraordinary agility, Bai Ge Ni is not justnelegant but also graceful in the handling of her weapon. Just then we see as Bai Ge Ni takes a leap onto a roof nearby, a move whichnYue Ying follows. The two of them land on the roof, and engage in a lightning-fast duel asnthey land on the sloping portion of the roof that heads towards the eaves. Yue Ying takes a few swipes at Bai Ge Ni, but she responds instead with angraceful whirling dervish-like pirouette, followed by jumping off the roof. Yue Ying follows. The two land in another alley, again in close pursuit of each other. As soon as they emerge from the alley, Bai Ge Ni sees her bedroom. She goes from running to a glide and lands at the door to the room, pushingnit open. INT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS BEDROOMnHer eyes light up as she sees that the painting of her mother is still onnthe wall. She takes it down and rolls up the painting scroll. Yue Ying is nearly in the doorway when Bai Ge Ni turns back to make herngetaway. She makes a quick run towards the doorway and. EXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS NIGHTn.Followed by a leaping glide into the air, during which she aims her swordndirectly at Yue Ying. Yue Ying counters the attack with her twin daggers. There is a brief clash in mid-air, a cyclonic face-off with Bai Ge Ni'snattacks coming in all directions from above and Yue Ying managing just asnwell on her own. Then Bai Ge Ni lands and starts running again. The two girls chase each other until they reach the outer wall, where BainGe Ni leaps over and Yue Ying follows suit. EXT. GRASSY FIELD NIGHTnBai Ge Ni is running across the field holding the valued painting scroll,nwhile Yue Ying is close behind. The fireflies are scattered about in the night air, lighting the two youngnwomen as though they were a pair of fairies. Bai Ge Ni leaps into the woods at the end of the field. Yue Ying follows suit. EXT. FOREST NIGHTnThe two young women continue their pursuit of each other through thenforest. Now we see as YueYing is slowly catching on. She hasn't slowed any bitnthroughout this entire run. Bai Ge Ni, though, is running out of breath, she turns back, only to seenYue Ying catching on faster and faster. Then all of a sudden, someone takes a hit to Yue Ying's head. Yue Ying falls down flat on the ground, unconscious. Bai Ge Ni looks at her savior and realizes it is none other than hernbrother, Bai Jie himself, he has hit Yue Ying with the hilt of his sword. He stands there, his hand shaking. BAI GE NInThanks, Jie. BAI JIEnIn the nick of time, huh? Now what do we do with her? BAI GE NInLet's take her with us, we need someone to take care of us anyway. Maybenfather would be surprised that we've made a new friend. BAI JIEnYes, I guess he would. BAI GE NInDaybreak is coming soon, we'll rest now, and then we'll set off. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. GRAVEYARD OF SWORDS DAYnHuo Ding Chu, Zhen Xi Ling and Wu Mo Li are walking through a strange andnsurprisingly eerie bamboo grove. All shrouded in the eerie early morning fog. Just at this moment they see a sword embedded in the ground. WU MO LInI don't like this place. HUO DING CHUnThe place I am taking you to has not been glimpsed by many within thenmartial realm. It is called the Graveyard of Swords. WU MO LInThe Graveyard of Swords? ZHEN XI LING Literally hundreds of great fighters have met their ends here. We spentnmonths tracking Lei Shun Jing and finally, we arrived at this place. Notnmany have lived to tell the tale among those who came. They all diednmysteriously. Actually the reason they died, we found out, was due to thenlarge amount of methane gas in this region. And they foolishly lit up thenplace at night.It soon spread that there was a curse.n(Beat)nHere it is. The three of them enter the fog-enshrouded part of the bamboo forest wherenthe Grave of Swords is. And as the fog clears we see it, hundreds of swords scattered out over anhuge radius. Each one different in design and look, but all of which arenstunningly and masterfully crafted. One look shows that these swords mustnhave belonged to great men and women within the martial realm. WU MO LInMy God. HUO DING CHUnAnd this is just the tip of the iceberg. Lei Shun Jing knows a lot aboutnthe secrets of the martial realm that we don't.n(Beat)nHe knows the cave where the Mountain Knights inscribed their secrets, henchallenged me to a duel there. He knows the burial grounds of variousnwarriors, the hiding places of various manuals. The sword that he threw atnmy disciple was in fact, one he stole from its hiding place.n(Beat)nBut there is no place within the martial realm that he treasures more thannthis, the Grave of Swords. It is his own creation, where the warriors henhas defeated, and even a few say some he didn't defeat, have found theirnfinal resting place. Of all these graves there is one that will be ofninterest to you. Huo Ding Chu walks through the Grave of Swords until he comes upon a graventhat simply has a wooden stick stuck in it in place of a sword. HUO DING CHUnThis is a strange case, in that it is actually an unmarked grave, and afternXi Ling and I dug it we discovered something strange about it. ZHEN XI LINGnIt was empty. HUO DING CHUnIndeed. But look whose name is written on that piece of wood. Wu Mo Li comes and reads it. WU MO LInHere lies My Son, Lei Yu. Oh, this is sick! Is he going to kill his own sonnjust because he was a better fighter than he?n(pauses)nSo what are you planning to do now that we are here? HUO DING CHUnSimple, the three of us will hold this place for ransom! And then get himnto divulge all of his secrets. That is the common reward we will have. Whennall these secrets see the light of day, imagine the new life it would givento the martial realm. WU MO LInSo how are you going to hold the place ransom? HUO DING CHU Lei Shun Jing being as particular about the arrangement of the Graveyard ofnSwords as it is, is also very superstitious. He thinks that without a swordna swordsman will not be at peace. Therefore all we need to do is to switchnthe swords on a few of the graves. The removal of the swords is somethingnhe is most against as well.n(to Xi Ling)nCan you remember the original positions of the swords? Zhen Xi Ling looks around. POV SHOTS We zoom in on one of the swords, with a straight red blade,nlocated right between a saber and an Arabian scimitar. We zoom in on another sword, a very heavy saber with holes for rings in itsnblade, located right beside two long and thin swords. We zoom in on a third, which is a slightly curved and tapered one, restingnbeside two others, one with a serrated edge and the other with a curvynsnaked blade. Zhen Xi Ling smiles as she sees all of them. MONTAGE: The swords are now all in different positions. Between thenserrated and the curved swords is the heavy saber with ring holes, betweennthe saber and the scimitar is the curved, tapered one, and in between thentwo long, thin swords is the straight red one. ZHEN XI LINGnIt's done, all it takes is three switches and he will be scared out of hisnwits when he realizes that those three warriors will not be able to rest innpeace! HUO DING CHUnNothing shall be able to stop us then. That old monster can keep hisnGraveyard of Swords for all he wants! Just at this moment Zhen Xi Ling spots something that catches her eye. ZHEN XI LINGnHey, Master! Something's wrong! MONTAGE: We see altogether THREE more unmarked graves without swords innthem! HUO DING CHUnSomeone has stolen swords from the Graveyard already? If the curse isn'tnenough to scare people! WU MO LInThis is pathetic, you're risking too many lives for your own selfish goals! HUO DING CHUnNow you don't understand. This is all for the greater good of everyone. WU MO LInYeah, I'll believe it when I see it. I can't believe Master Huang wasntricked into harboring the likes of you two.n(Beat)nYou know, despite what everybody says, I'm starting to pity Lei Shun Jing.nHe may have done really wicked things, but what could have caused him tonlive like this? All alone, with only swords for company, no family nornfriends. Just then we hear a singing voice come through the air. It is a young man, who we see is surrounded by children. This young man isndressed most elegantly, like a scholar. The young man is plainly dressed, as he hops along and sings his strangensongs he seems to be leading the children on what looks like a field trip. YOUNG MAN (Singing)nThey shall be sung in historynDear as brothers in CamaraderienWith swords in their handsnAnd hope in their heartsnThey were scholars in the martial arts! They sought to change the worldnThey told his majestynAnd they sure didnRid the world of villainynBut about right and wrongnThey all saw it differentlynAnd overnight these friendsnBecame mortal enemies! Though it was true that they were friendsnNo one had predicted their tragic ends,nTheir hands are now drenchednAnd their wounds can never mend.nBut in the words of my songnThey shall always standnAs Heroes and Gentlemen! The children repeat after the strange young man as he sings. CHILDRENnThey shall be sung in historynDear as brothers in their camaraderienWith swords in their handsnAnd hope in their hearts. HUO DING CHUnAnd what are those people doing here? Don't tell me they were the onesnstealing the swords. ZHEN XI LINGnYeah, they probably wandered in from the next village, better warn themnaway. She goes forward and warns the young man. ZHEN XI LINGnHey you there! Don't come to this place, it's dangerous! YOUNG MANnListen to that!n(to children)nHave you all come here before? CHILDREN YES! YOUNG MANnHow many times? CHILDREN Many, many times! YOUNG MAN What is this place? CHILDREN The Graveyard of Swords! HUO DING CHUnListen, I'm not trying to be funny with you, but this place is dangerous. YOUNG MANnIs this place dangerous at all? CHILDREN No it isn't! YOUNG MAN Why? CHILDRENnBecause everybody here is dead! The children let out a huge burst of laughter together. YOUNG MAN Exactly, and what we do we know about dead people? CHILDRENnDead people can't do anything! They let out another burst of laughter. HUO DING CHUnListen, young man, I'm warning you again, where are you from? YOUNG MANnOh sir, you must know that I've been around quite a lot. I just happen tonbe staying in anvillage nearby. HUO DING CHUnWhat are you doing here? YOUNG MANnI brings the kids here, let them see the different kinds of swords onndisplay. ZHEN XI LINGnThis is not a game, and if you know what you're up against, you better staynaway. YOUNG MANnThanks for your advice, but I think I can handle my own.n(to children)nCome, let's explore the Graveyard of Swords. The young man continues his \"game\" as he walks the children through thenGraveyard of Swords. Huo Ding Chu walks up to the young man. HUO DING CHU I am not kidding, you better stay away, you won't like the owner of thisnplace when he comes back. That strange song you were singing just now, whatnwas it about? YOUNG MANnJust a ballad really, about friendships broken and loyalties divided, don'tnpeople sing about it all the time? At this moment the children crowd around him. CHILDRENnPlease, sir, let us these swords! You tell us if we are correct or not! YOUNG MAN (to Huo Ding Chu)nSorry, but duty calls. The young man starts showing the children around the Graveyard of Swords. In front of different gravestones he stops and asks the children questions. YOUNG MANnOkay, this is the sword of. CHILDRENnQu I-Nu, Swordsmaster of the Western Lakes! YOUNG MAN Very good, and this is the sword of. CHILDRENnThe Third Prince of Tartar! YOUNG MANnVery, very good. And this sword belongs to. CHILDRENnA Caliph of Arabia! YOUNG MAN This one? CHILDRENnJu Qiu Niang, Lady of Autumn! YOUNG MANnVery, very good! You got four questions correct!n(Beat)nNow, you know they all like to say that this place is haunted, right? Thatnthere is a curse on it? Is there really a curse? CHILDRENnNO! YOUNG MANnWhy can't there be a curse here? CHILDRENnCurses are in the human heart! You curse somebody, you live without peace! YOUNG MAN Excellent! Now tell me, are these buried in these graves heroes? CHILDRENnYES. And NO. YOUNG MANnTell me why? CHILDREN They are heroes because they did great things while they were alive, theynupheld what they believed in, their words and deeds were one. YOUNG MANnWhy are they not heroes? CHILDRENnBecause they are dead. The dead can't do anything! YOUNG MANnExcellent, now as my gift to these heroes I will offer them some fine wine. He takes out a gourd from around his waist and starts pouring the contentsnonto the various graves. The children start to laugh at him. CHILDRENnIt's water, not wine! The young man jumps towards the laughing children. YOUNG MAN It's good that you know, but let me tell you. The dead can't tell thendifference, can they? The children laugh out loud once more. CHILDRENnNo, they can't! At this moment Huo Ding Chu senses something fishy about this young man. HUO DING CHUnListen, young man, you're pretending to be more than you really are. I canntell. YOUNG MAN Why did you say that? HUO DING CHUnYou really have an in-depth knowledge of swords for someone your age. YOUNG MANnReally, I can just say I'm pretty well read, that's all. HUO DING CHUnWell, let me see then! Huo Ding Chu puts one of his hands into a grabbing position, and preparesnto strike the Young Man. At this point the children around the Young Man start screaming. Wu Mo Li has gotten sick of it. WU MO LInNow stop it! You're going to hurt the children. The young man puts up one of his hands and nods his head. YOUNG MANnShe's right, you know, you have no idea of the consequences of yournactions. With all this opposition, Huo Ding Chu gives up. He turns to Zhen Xi Ling and Wu Mo Li. ZHEN XI LINGnHe looks harmless, don't pick on him. HUO DING CHUnOh fine, fine, whatever you say, let's go then. The three of them turn away leave the young man and the children alone. Just then we hear Wu Mo Li speak up. WU MO LInWe have to tell the village nearby of this young man, though, he doesn'tnseem to know what he's doing. ZHEN XI LINGnI agree.n(to young man)nWhich village are you from? YOUNG MANnI'm staying in Almond Flower village, just West of here. But I'm always onnthe move, so I can't help you there. ZHEN XI LINGnDon't take their children here anymore, you have no idea what you're upnagainst. Someone very dangerous visits this place often, and you don't wantnto be there when he finds out. YOUNG MANnI understand. The young man rallies the children, who are looking enthusiastically at thenvarious swords in the graveyard, to him. YOUNG MANnWell, children, we have to listen to them. Sorry I can't take any of younhere again. CHILDREN Aww. YOUNG MANnWell, let's head for home, shall we? CHILDRENnYeah! The children follow the young man into the distance. Meanwhile Huo Ding Chu leans against a bamboo and starts thinking. HUO DING CHUnWell, if they didn't steal the swords from those graves, who did? ZHEN XI LINGnWell, Master, I have a plan! HUO DING CHUnReally, let me listen to it. Zhen Xi Ling shouts out at the strange young man. ZHEN XI LING Hey, young man, scholar, can you come back! The young man, who has gone into the distance, turns back. YOUNG MANnYes? ZHEN XI LINGnAre there any swords in the village nearby? The young man hesitates for a while before replying. YOUNG MANnWell, there's a blacksmith, but he's pretty third rate. A beam of delight appears on Zhen Xi Ling's face. ZHEN XI LINGnNever mind, just let him manufacture three swords for us. YOUNG MANnI'm sure warriors like you don't need his swords! Yours are better. ZHEN XI LING The reasons are too complicated to explain right now, please? The young man smiles at Zhen Xi Ling. ZHEN XI LING Well of course I will, don't you worry. WU MO LInWhat's the plan? ZHEN XI LINGnSince there are three swords missing from the graveyard so long as wenreplace them it'll provide a temporary distraction for Lei Shun Jing. It'llnbuy us time to try to solve the mystery of the stolen swords. WU MO LInYou think that Lei Shun Jing won't notice that his swords have beennreplaced? ZHEN XI LINGnThree swords out of a couple hundred, sounds like I won't be able to noticenit immediately. Wu Mo Li looks around. POV SHOT: Indeed, there are hundreds of swords scattered all over thenplace, stretching as far as the eye can see. EXT. VILLAGE DAYnWe are at a village at the foot of a mountain. Here we see Xu Lian Zhang,nProdigal Son and Dai Hao Chen walking along. XU LIAN ZHANG Well, it sure looks like we have gone far enough from the Hidden MountainnCitadel, I'm sure they won't be able to find us for a while.n(Beat)nSo what are we waiting for, let's eat! The other two nod. They see a modest little house nearby. PRODIGAL SONnWell there's a nice household, we'll see if we can grab a bite there. The other two nod and follow him. Just then, from further up the road we see two women wandering. These don't look like ordinary peasant women at all, they look graceful andnfairy-like, draped in long-sleeved dresses, their hair artfully done innbuns. The makeup on their faces is light and tasteful. Both of them are carrying large and colorful umbrellas. And we hear thatnthey are muttering something among themselves. They just walk past the three men. XU LIAN ZHANG There's something fishy about the two of them. DAI HAO CHENnTell me about it. What could they be doing here? PRODIGAL SONnWe'll find it out after breakfast, so far they look just like they're.plainnlost! The three men share a laugh. Then they continue their walk. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. LAKE DAYnWe are at a very large lake somewhere in a remote region of Western China,nnear the Tibetan border. It is here that we see as one man rides, slowly on a horse, and takes innthe magnificent view of the lake. This man is none other than Bai Biao. He heaves a long and loud sigh as he looks at the calm mirror-like surfacenof the lake. BAI BIAOnWhat peace this place offers. He gets off his horse and takes a walk along the banks of the lake. Then off-screen we see the reason why he is here. It is none other than a large tombstone seemingly erected in this vastnexpanse of nothingness. His wife's grave. Bai Biao just stands in front of the grave, he doesn't cry or wail or donanything of the like. He just sits down in front of it and looks at it. BAI BIAOnYou know, it's at these moments when I feel that so much is ahead of menthat I come looking for you. There was so much to remember between you andnI. I recall how I met you and fell in love with a woman from a country sondifferent from my own. Those were the memories, weren't they? There is no reply. But Bai Biao behaves as though there was one. BAI BIAOnThey were, weren't they? But there is the sound of a horse galloping nearby. Bai Biao turns his head, it is that of a man in dressed in Tibetan clothes,njudging by his smile as he sees Bai Biao, an old friend. And indeed he is. This man is an old friend of Bai Biao, formerly MENG LING ZHAN, now renamednTENZING SONGTSA, as he is now lives in Tibet. He gets off his horse and walks towards Bai Biao.nThe two men embrace each other fondly. SONGTSAnIt's been a long time. How is your dream going? BAI BIAOnThe Darklight Alliance's power grows in strength from day to day. The onlynthing is as of now the shard of Shi Wushuang's sword has yet to be found.nIf we can find that sword I believe we would at last discover the secret ofnone of the greatest swordsmen alive.n(Beat)nLook all around you, can you find upon this earth an ancient spirit ofnnobility? SONGTSA I believe that it exists somewhere indeed, why do you think I moved here? Infell in love with the soil and the people of Tibet when I came, just likenthat Chinese Princess who came more than two hundred years ago. We see the two of them silhouetted against the wide and towering sky aboventhem, and the wide lake in front. BAI BIAOnIndeed, but even here I only feel that I can reach out to touch the face ofnits beauty. SONGTSA Indeed, that is because you have lost your way. BAI BIAOnWhat do you mean I have lost my way? Songtsa looks angrily at Bai Biao. SONGTSA Do you call drenching your hands in the blood of others the way? Drinkingnthe blood of your enemies and cutting off their heads? BAI BIAOnYou don't understand the feeling. There is nothing like drinking his bloodnof a worthy enemy to feel his strength and essence overpowering you like anfine wine. It's almost like thanking him! SONGTSA You're sick! BAI BIAOnYou should try it too, it works wonders! There is a brief stand off of anger between the two men. But it doesn't erupt into violence at all. SONGTSA Whatever happened to those days where we were young and hopeful? Bai Biao sighs and turns his head towards the lake. BAI BIAOnThey've gone, now it's up to others to be young already, but hopeful, wencan always be. I'm hopeful, that one day I will be as great as thenswordsmen of eras past. SONGTSA You know, of late they have written a song about us, back then. BAI BIAOnI know. Then at this moment Songtsa bursts into song. SONGTSA (singing)nThey shall be sung in historynDear as brothers in CamaraderienWith swords in their handsnAnd hope in their heartsnThey were scholars in the martial arts! They sought to change the worldnThey told his majestynAnd they sure didnRid the world of villainynBut about right and wrongnThey all saw it differentlynAnd overnight these friendsnBecame mortal enemies! Though it was true that they were friendsnNo one had predicted their tragic ends,nTheir hands are now drenchednAnd their wounds can never mend.nBut in the words of my songnThey shall always standnAs Heroes and Gentlemen! BAI BIAO That was what they knew us as back then, the Heroic Gentlemen. I can stillnremember those days.n(Beat)nBack then we had a lot of things to fight for, our Empire, our People, eachnother. Everything that we felt belonged to ours. It is at this moment that Bai Biao turns to the gravestone again. BAI BIAOnBut now do you know what it is that we fight for? As Bai Biao looks at the gravestone we realize that the look of sadness hasncrept into his eyes. BAI BIAOnMy children. They are the only people who I can leave the world for when Indie. SONGTSA Yeah, I've got children too, I know. BAI BIAOnDo you have any models for a father? SONGTSA My own, but. BAI BIAOnFor me, it was none other than An Nuo Ran, the father of An Hao Hai. Havenyou heard the story of An Nuo Ran? It's told in song already even though itnjust happened like.sixty years ago. SONGTSA Yes, but I can't really remember the lyrics to it, but I can just remembernwhat it's about. Songtsa nods, and we see that the tune that he sings is exactly the tunenthat Lei Shun Jing sang earlier. As he whistles we also see as the gentle flute music of Yue Tian Jun joinsnin. At this moment we see stills of the past SUPERIMPOSED on the image of BainBiao.nBai Biao DISSOLVES into the images but continues on voice-over. These stills dissolve into each other. The first still is that of a man dressed in red sheriff robes, sittingnastride a horse. BAI BIAO(v/o)nAh yes.long ago there was a county sheriff, a man of an iron dedication tonhis cause and to his chief. The second still is that of a fat and obnoxious man barking out an order tonthe man dressed in red sheriff robes. BAI BIAO (v/o)nWhen the county official, corrupt and sniveling man that he was, found thatnhis bride was lost in the mountains, he sent the sheriff to find the bride.n(Beat)nThe sheriff found her indeed, in a cave where she was watched over by sevennoutlaws. The sheriff's men and the outlaws fought long and hard, andncountless drops of blood were spilled. The third still we see now, the sheriff and his constables fighting againstnthe outlaws, who are of course the Mountain Knights. BAI BIAO(v/o)nBut isn't it always the way it has to be?nEven though this county sheriff completed the mission, it was at a terriblenprice. He lost most of his men, and in the process disfigured the bridenthat was meant for the county official. The fourth still we see as the sheriff stands alone in the middle of thencave, bodies strewn at his feet, the disfigured bride by his side, a gashnspurting out blood from beneath her eye. BAI BIAO(v/o)nAnd for that, the county official didn't want the bride anymore. The next still is the disfigured bride being chased out by the countynsheriff from his mansion. BAI BIAO(v/o)nBut in addition to that, he also set his sights on a mural in the cave of anwoman so beautiful that the mere thought of her kept him off the fact henwas already married, and he couldn't stand it too, because that woman wasnthe lover of his father's enemy, the Faery Swordswoman Ye Ming Hua! The next still we see the pictures of Ye Ming Hua and Shi Wu Shuang in thencave, hugging each other, forever inseparable. BAI BIAO(cont.)nHis father's enemy was none other than Shi Wushuang, the greatest swordsmannof his time! The still CLOSES UP on the ruggedly handsome visage of Shi Wushuang. BAI BIAO (cont.)nAnd he was An Nuo Ran, son of the great An Se Qiu, he couldn't take it.nJealousy and uncontrollable love inflamed his heart at the same time. The next still is of a crazed An Nuo Ran, gritting his teeth in shame. BAI BIAO(cont.)nSoon he couldn't keep his wife in his mind, he slowly neglected her, evennwhen she was pregnant, he rarely came to see her, and one day, she rannaway. The next still is of An Nuo Ran again, reading a note by his wife that shenhas pinned to his door and crying. BAI BIAO(Cont.)nHe was determined above all things to set it right with her, but alas therenwas no limit to the rejection to which he would receive. The next still is of An Nuo Ran returning from an island in the middle ofnthe ocean on a single ship, empty-handed. BAI BIAO (Cont.)nTime and time again he would get it, but he never gave up. The next still of An Nuo Ran, now older, paying a visit to his wife as shenresides in a round hut on the Mongol frontier. His wife lays a hand on hisnchest, her expression is steely. BAI BIAO (cont.) Time and time again she could realize when it was that he wasn't true tonher, he had no love for her anymore, all taken away by the thoughts of YenMing Hua. THE SEQUENCE ENDS EXT. LAKE DAYnBai Biao closes his eyes as he finishes off his story. BAI BIAOnAnd so this tale ends, he would never see his wife and son again until thenday he died. His son was none other than An Hao Hai. What will andndetermination he had. What irony that by being absent, he taught hisnchildren a great gift: never to stop living as long as you had a reason tongo on.n(Beat)nIf only that couple could see they truly were a match made for each other,nboth ironclad in their will and dignity.n(Pauses)nSometimes I think it is truly a miracle that people can be together in thisnlife, because to find a true friend or a companion is never an easy thing. SONGTSA I have both. BAI BIAOnI believe that your family awaits you back home. SONGTSA Indeed, they do. Upon finishing this, Songtsa walks back to his horse, leaps onto it andnrides away. Bai Biao can only watch as his friend disappears back to his family, hisnvillage, his home. While he stands there, alone by the lake, with only the tombstone forncompany. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS DAYnIt is here that we see as Xu Wan Gang awaits Yue Ying to no avail. As he walks through he sees that the various members of the \"armed escorts\"nhave had a field day plundering the entire compound. He shakes his head sadly as he walks. Then he turns his head, and realizes that Lei Shun Jing is walking besidenhim too. There is still one sword left among the three that Lei has on his back. Xu Wan Gang turns to the old man. XU WAN GANG Can you tell me who that remaining sword is for? LEI SHUN JINGnMy son. XU WAN GANG You have a son? Lei Shun Jing nods silently. LEI SHUN JINGnToo bad I haven't seen him for many years now, wonder what has become ofnhim. Then Lei Shun Jing walks off. Xu Wan Gang is left with a faraway look in his eyes. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOREST DAYnIn the forest we see that Yue Ying wakes up to the sound of Bai Biao'snchildren on both her left and right. She gets up from her spot and smiles at the two of them. Bai Ge Ni unrolls the painting scroll and shows her the painting of hernmother that she has so snatched from within the mansion. Yue Ying smiles as she sees it. YUE YINGnYour mother is a very beautiful woman. BAI GE NInShe's dead. Yue Ying looks sadly at the two children and strokes their slightly golden-nbrown hair with both her hands. The morning light is bright in the forest. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. VILLAGE DAYnProdigal Son, Xu Lian Zhang and Dai Hao Chen leave the hut where they'venbeen having lunch, following the farmer. FARMER It's great that three of you swordsmen are ready to help me, becausenthere's really been a terror who lives in the forest nearby. I'll show younwhere you can confront him. The three follow the farmer deep into the forest... DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. AN KUI'S MANSIONS DAYnWe see as the \"armed escorts\" load the various possessions of the mansionnonto another horse and carriage. All of this is supervised by Pathfinder. PATHFINDER Very good, all this will go to the Capital. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOREST DAYnWe are on the path back to the cave of the Mountain Knights with Pathfindernand his entourage, now greatly increased. PATHFINDERnNow we shall go back to the cave, where with all this new manpower we willnfinally be able to remove all the instructions from the cave walls. Xu Wan Gang, though, is looking at Pathfinder with much disdain. XU WAN GANGnWhat about Yue Ying, aren't you going to find her? PATHFINDERnWe have to continue without her, there is no other way.n(looks at Xu)nHey, nice new sword, who gave it to you? XU WAN GANG Lei Shun Jing. PATHFINDER He's one funny man. Xu Wan Gang turns around. Feng Xian is laughing and talking as usual withnhis new friends. XU WAN GANGnSir, do you know anything about the Gu family? There is a look of fear in Pathfinder's eyes as he hears that word. PATHFINDERnThe Gu family? Well, I can't say I do. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. GRAVEYARD OF SWORDS DAYnThe young man we have seen from a few days before comes with his threenswords, which he gives to Zhen Xi Ling. She takes the swords and pays him the money. We see as she plants the three swords inside the unmarked graves. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. PLUM BLOSSOM GROVE DAYnWe see, on a strange island in the middle of a large lake where many plumnblossom trees grow, that a fiery-haired middle-aged woman is admiring thenmany trees. This is none other than WU XUANMEI, Mistress of the Plum Blossoms. Two female fighters, dressed just like the fairy-like women we saw earliernon at the village, are addressing her as they run towards her. FIGHTER#1nMadam, our forces progress has been good. Soon we will destroy the HiddennMountain Society. WU XUAN MEInExcellent. She takes a blossom and smells it. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. VILLAGE DAYnAn Kui is walking about, he is tired. AN KUInThey will pay, they will pay for this, my father will see that he pays! DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. PLAIN EVENINGnWe see as Chu Huan Xian struggles on his crutches as waiting at the horizonnis another man, his brother, CHU HUAN QING, on horseback. CHU HUAN XIANnBrother. CHU HUAN QINGnShut up, your ways have disgraced the family, causing more unnecessary lossnof lives than is needed, but I shall retrieve the shard true to the wishesnof Prodigal Son! CHU HUAN XIANnOh thank you, thank you so much. Chu Huan Qing just rides off with his entourage, without so much as a carenfor his brother. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. PLAINS DAYnWe see as a solitary rider, wearing the symbol of the Darklight Alliance,nrides along. On his face is an expression of pure anguish, tears arenflowing out of his eyes. Behind him is another member of the Darklight Alliance, with hands slicednoff and trying to carry the message with his twin stumps. As he rides along we see other similar riders waiting along the road, onnhorseback. The leader of the other cavalry senses something is wrong. CAVALRY LEADERnIs the coast clear.? The rider's despair-filled reply cuts him off. RIDERnAlert! Alert, tragedy has befallen the Alliance! The shard of thenUndefeated Sword has fallen into enemy hands! Captain Lian Wen, Master An,nYoung Mistress Bai and Young Master Bai are all likely dead! The other riders are taken aback by this shocking piece of news and splitnoff in several different directions! DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOREST NIGHTnYue Ying is sitting around a campfire with Bai Biao's children. As shentalks to them she removes her sword, which gleams in the moonlight. She points it skyward, where it glistens with the light of a solitary star. DISSOLVE TO:nEXT. FOREST NIGHTnAround another forest clearing, this time with Pathfinder's men sleepingnall around, Xu Wan Gang stays awake, and in the light of the campfire andnthe moon, removes his sword from its scabbard. Then he points it skyward. In a SPLIT SCREEN, we see as Yue Ying and Xu Wan Gang point their swordsntowards the sky on both sides, the swords intersecting right in the middlenof the panels. Then we FADE TO BLACK TO BE CONTINUED. ","Summary":" FOREORDAINED: PART ONEnA Martial Arts Screenplay By Ivan Mayne EXT. CHINA DAYnThese are some of the"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Abacus Man and the Black Destiny Abacus","Author":"toinin' and boinin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12167340","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fanfiction, so it's probably going to be awful but hey I'm not the one reading this Many people know the story of Jen Yu and the Green Destiny sword, however most people don't know the real story of the real hero, me. Wait, no, nevermind I can't be there because I'm an American living in 2016 and this story takes place in 19th century China. This is the story of the greatest warrior who ever lived, and the greatest weapon ever created, Abacus Man and his abacus Abacus Man, and the Black Destiny Abacus Abacas Man was the only name he ever knew, besides Abacus Boy when he was younger, but that is a different story. He was named this because of the abacus he had while growing up on the streets. He had taught himself how to use the abacus for adding and counted things fast for money. Now, he was about to go to the literal height of Math and Science, Wudan Mountain. Abacus Man was about to start climbing the steps when he noticed something falling down them. \"That blow to the head must have been harder than I thought,\" said Abacus Man, \"I'm seeing things, wait no that's someone falling down the steps! Oh shi–\" Abacus Man barely dodged the projectile of blood, muscle, organs, and bone fragments that used to be Jen Yu who had just plummeted to her death. Abacus Man looked at the site in absolute horror. He thought 'That was once a person, a real living person with thoughts and feelings and–' \"Oh look another one\" said a passing monk. \"What?\" replied Abacus Man. The monk then replied \"There's this old myth about that has something to do with flying if you jump off of Wudan Mountain or something, but, as you can see here, it's fake.\" Abacus Man replied, full of horror, \"That's awful, but it's a rare occurrence right?\" The Monk then said, \"It happens more often than you think, see, look there's another one.\" The body of Lo then tumbled down a few feet farther. \"Don't worry, you get used to it\" said the monk as he began climbing the stairs. Abacus Man waited at the bottom for much longer still processing that there were two corpses right in front of him. Then Jen stood up, or rather her soul did. Abacus Man screamed out of pure fear and wouldn't stop. Jen chose to ignore the familiar-looking screaming man with an abacus, and instead focus on the other corpse besides her own. Jen Yu reflected upon the corpse that was once Lo, and mourned for what felt like hours, and eventually moved onto the acceptance stage of grief. As soon as she did, however, she realized the man with the abacus was still screaming. \"Hey, you, guy, stop screaming.\" Jen Yu said. Abacus Man then immediately obliged. \"Ok, based on the numerous stares and confused looks the many onlookers have given you and not me probably means that you are the only one who can see me,\" said Jen Yu while gesticulating, \"so I'd like to make a formal introduction. Hello my name is Jen Yu, I come from a powerful family and am recently deceased.\" Abacus Man replied, \"the only name I have ever known is Abacus Man and I come from the streets, but, if you don't mind me asking, what does 'gesticulating' mean?\" \"What do you mean?\" said Yu. \"It said a few lines ago that you were talking while 'gesticulating' and I don't know what that word means.\" Abacus Man replied. \"Hey, what does that word mean,\" said Yu. It means to use your hands to convey your point better, it's a very useful word. \"Thanks for clearing that up writer in that incredibly meta moment, but can you explain why only Abacus Man can see me?\" It's about as realistic as the physics in the movie. \"Ok but how about an actual explanation?\" Jen Yu then decided to stop criticizing my fanfiction before I had her die in an incredibly awful way. Yu then said, \"You know, that gesticulating joke isn't going to translate well for the one Chinese guy who actually reads this.\" Fuck off. \"Ok, I don't know what to think of that so I'm just going to continue my journey to the top of Wudan,\" said Abacus Man, \"I'm just going to head up to the top of this mountain that has a ton of armed guards with the abacus a mysterious old monk gave to me in the bad part of town telling me to use it carefully before disappearing after a dragon flew overhead and whose dragon marking then began glowing immediately after.\" Jen Yu then asked \"Have you heard rumors that the people up there are looking for a specific abacus?\" \"Well yes, who hasn't?\" replied Abacus Man. \"Well this is going to end well.\" said Jen Yu sarcastically. So one Chinese guy, this is my first fanfiction. Yea, I know. I think I have some promise, but this kind of sucks. Please try to tell me how to improve.[Chapter 2] The Legend of Abacus Man Chapter 2 The Beginning of the Plot \"Gesticulating, gessssticulating, gesTiculating, it sounds like a sexual thing right, like 'Oh yeah baby gesticulate all over me,'\" said Yu. \"Can you please stop talking about this,\" said Abacus Man while dodging another screaming jumper, \"You have talked about the word gesticulate through the entire incredibly long climb up the mountain, please be quiet.\" Abacus man had finally made it to wudan mountain. He had dreamed of this moment for years. This was the center of knowledge in this fictional version of China in 1779. As he entered the temple Abacus Man saw a whole assortment of philosophers and mathematicians. He had an overwhelming feeling of relief even though he had seen 18 people die on the way up here and was now stuck with one of them. This feeling of relief only lasted about 2 seconds before the inciting incident happened. \"Hey, that guy has that black destiny abacus we've been looking for.\" said a nameless character who will have no more relevance to the story. \"Wow, how unpredictable,\" said Yu sarcastically, \"I never would have guessed that the main protagonist had the mystical abacus the people here were looking for.\" Abacus man then darted off and tried to out run the swarm of old, dying men chasing him, but they were catching up. One actually managed to grab Abacus man's clothing before dying of a heart attack. Yu then said, \"Why are you running away, they're just old men and that abacus was able to take a hit from the green destiny sword and stay intact.\" \"Hey wait a minute,\" said Abacus Man, \"you're that bitch that nearly cut my thought open and knocked me unconscious.\" \"Hey, I treated everyone else the same way so it's fine,\" Yu said. \"No, it isn't, you're lucky I can still think. Brain damage can have serious repercussions even if it is not that bad.\" \"Yea, yea keep whining.\" said Yu Abacus Man ran and ran as hard as he could until he could run no more. The old philosophers easily trapped him against a six foot wall next to the edge of the temple after that quarter mile run and left him with only two choices, give them the abacus or jump off. \"Okay, you win take it.\" said Abacus Man. WHAT? \"I have no other choice but give them the Abacus or jump off to certain death.\" Abacus Man said. So jump off. \"What? No I'll die.\" Abacus Man said. \"You won't die,\" said Yu, \"you're the main protagonist and we're two chapters in to this shitty fanfiction.\" Abacus Man then valiantly jumped over the wall– \"What? No.\" Yes. \"No I'm not suicidal.\" said Abacus Man. Well fuck you this is my fanfiction and you have to. \"You do realize that, you are the one stopping him from jumping off right?\" Jen Yu said. What do you mean? \"You're the one writing our dialogue, in fact we don't even exist. The closest thing to 'us' is characters representing sounds arranged in ways that represent objects, actions, or descriptions meant to be spoken language.\" said Jen Yu. \"I'm still not jumping off\" said Abacus Man. Jen Yu then said, \"You could have him comically fall off the side of the cliff like most cowardly protagonists do when next to a cliff and an .\" Ok sure, Abacus Man then comically accidentally stepped backwards and fell off the mountain despite the fact that there was a six foot wall behind him. \"What? Noooooooooo.\" said Abacus Man as he fell. Oh, sure that worked. Well I guess I need to actually start listening to women. Eh? Get it? \"Was that supposed to be funny?\" said Yu, \"Because it wasn't, it was horrible, like that 'be quiet or I'll kill you' joke. Wait, was that even a joke, or did you legitimately forget that I had died? Hello? Oh great this chapter's meta moment is over. This was even worse than the last one you bastard. Respond to me dammit! The writing is garbage! Where are the other characters from the movie? All of Abacus Man's dialogue is just 'what no.' You changed my character too much! The last fanfiction for Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon was made in like 2004, why are you writing this in 2016? Pointing out your problems doesn't fix them!\" \"Damn, I thought that would trigger him like a feminist in Saudi Arabia.\" \"I wonder what that Abacus guy is doing.\" … Abacus man was falling from a great height off of Wudan Mountain. He fell and fell until he hit the ground. But since he landed on his abacus he was able to survive and then began riding down the mountain on his abacus like a snowboard. \"Wow, that physics is bad even by Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon standards.\" Yu said. Are you just going to point out problems in this story or shut up. \"I'll be quiet.\" Yu said reluctantly. Yu then said, \"So, why are you such a horrible fighter?\" \"What are you talking about, I'm a great fighter.\" replied Abacus Man. Yu then said, \"Oh, yes the great Abacus Man who runs away from dying old men with no weapons.\" Abacus Man replied, \"Oh well I think I did a pretty good job against the Mary Sue with some mystical ancient sword.\" \"I'm not a Mary Sue.\" said Jen Yu. \"Ok well you're better than prior established characters, your 'the chosen one,' you have–\" Just then, the old men from earlier came down the mountain riding their abacuses in a similar fashion to what Abacus Man was doing. \"What the hell are you on, writer, whoever you are, please stop.\" said Jen Yu. I assure you I am not on any dregs watso ver. \"I'm not talking about, whatever you're on, I'm talking about this fanfiction, please stop writing this, nothing makes sense, the writing is shit, and I'm pretty sure we jumped the shark before this even started. I mean there are 20ish other Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon fanfictions. Why?\" Because I can and I will. Also I just wanted to start with something that would be permanently lost to the test of time so I'm just going to skip to the end of the chapter. Abacus Man, after mowing down many, many civilians crashed and fell off of his abacus with no serious injuries. \"Alright,\" said the Philosophers \"just hand over the– \"TAKEITJUSTPLEASEDONTHURTME\" whined Abacus Man pitifully throwing his abacus at them. The Philosophers who often get cut off then replied again in creepy unison \"Oh wow, that was really easy–\" before then getting cut off again, literally. As a new mysterious woman came out and killed them all with a katana. Yu then said \"Where did she come from? And–\" \"Oh, I can explain.\" said the passing monk from the previous chapter. \"She is a descendent from an old Japanese soldier from an invasion and is currently being possessed by her ancestor. Ghosts can do that, also, when they fight together like that, they're called phantom warriors. Also I'm the guy who explains things whenever convenient. Bye!\" said the monk. \"Yeah, he's creepy,\" said the mysterious woman, \"and expect to see more of him.\" ","Summary":" This is my first fanfiction, so it's probably going to be awful but hey I'm not the one reading thi"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"The Moon is My Heart","Author":"Dolphin-Luver-4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1258688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer-The story/movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon doesn't belong tonme, though I wish it did. This song doesn't belong to me either. Thenwriter's names are on it. It is a famous song by Deng Li Jun. (Somentranslations may be wrong, cause I'm not that good.)[Chapter 2] ??????? ???: ?? ???: ?? ????????, ???????n?????, ?????,n???????? ????????, ???????n?????, ?????,n ???????? ??????, ??????? ?n??????, ???????? ????????, ???????n ?????, ?????,n ??????? ? The Moon is My Heart You ask me how deeply I love you, how much do I love you.nMy heart is real, my love is real,nThe moon symbolizes my heart. You ask me how deeply I love you, how much do I love you.nMy heart is not enough, my love won't change,nThe moon symbolizes my heart. Softly is a kiss, but it has moved my heart.nDeeply is a period of love, makes me miss you to this day. You ask me how deeply I love you, how much do I love you.nGo and think again, go and look again,nThe moon symbolizes my heart. ","Summary":" Disclaimer-The story/movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon doesn't belong tonme, though I wish it di"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"What do you mean we're out of hot chocolate?","Author":"TabbyKat405","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13139852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! Here's Day 5! Enjoy! Today's Prompt: \"What do you mean we're out of hot chocolate?\" Disclaimer: I don't own Lego Batman. Joker is talking on the phone with his Batsy. He has been for a few hours actually. It's Christmas Eve and what better way to spend the evening than talking to the person he loves? \"I'm relieved to know that I won't have to worry about stopping a robbery or something on Christmas day.\" \"Well funny you mention that. See, this morning, Harley was telling me about-\" \"Sir?\" A voice in the background interrupts. Joker frowns. Their calls always seemed to get interrupted. \"Alfred, I told you I'd be on the phone.\" He hears Batman tell the butler of Wayne Manor. He doesn't hear what the butler responds with, but from what Batsy says next, he can guess. \"What do you mean we're out of hot chocolate?\" Joker's eyes widen. He knew where this would go. Batman had been working for weeks to try to make sure that Robin would have a great Christmas considering this was Robin's first year in the family. And hot chocolate had been high on the list of needs. How it got overlooked or whatever, Joker doesn't care. He barely hesitates before he stands up and grabs his jacket. \"I'll be at the manor in 20 minutes,\" He says into the phone before hanging up. It winds up being more like 30 minutes before Joker has the front door of the manor within sights. He walked to the supermarket that was still open, bought the hot chocolate, jogged to the Wayne property, and was forced to walk up the extremely icy driveway, which he figured it'd be better to slip and fall and get up just fine within seconds rather than walk through the 5 feet of snow shoveled onto the side of the driveway and risk getting stuck. He walks up the steps to the front door and is about to knock when the door swings open. There stands Batman in all his glory and he looks oddly relieved. \"I was worried you got stuck in the snow or something,\" He says in his gravelly voice as he takes the plastic bag from his hand. He looks in it see the box of hot chocolate packets and Joker swears that he sees a small smile break out on Batman's face. Later than evening, after Robin has gone to bed and Alfred is somewhere in the house, Joker and Batman are sitting on the couch in front of the fireplace, both with a mug of hot chocolate in their hands. Joker is laying his head on Batman's shoulder and Batman has an arm around his shoulder, pulling him closer. \"Thank you,\" Batman says eventually. Joker smiles. \"You're welcome, Batsy.\" And there's Day 5! I hope you enjoyed! Thanks for reading! Bye! ","Summary":" Hi guys! Here's Day 5! Enjoy! Today's Prompt: \"What do you mean we're out of hot chocolate?\" Disc"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"He'll Be Fine","Author":"TabbyKat405","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13041988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOWDY Y'ALL! First Lego Batman fanfic! I saw this movie about a year ago and it was the start of my superhero obsession that I'm still in to this day. I've only seen this, Wonder Woman, and Justice League (I plan to watch Man of Steel and Batman vs. Superman at some point... and maybe Suicide Squad (I've been told many times not to, but that just makes me more curious)) and say what you want about the DC movies, I love them. I admit they're not perfect, but I still love them. I was gonna post this on Saturday night at like midnight once I finished it, but I got too upset to finish it cause low and behold, I found one of my stories had been plagarized on Wattpad. Moral of that story: Don't plagarize. Once you're discovered, you just look like a jerk. Now on with the story! Disclaimer: I don't own Lego Batman (but that would be awesome if I did!). Batman can't really tell how it happened. He and Robin were in the middle of a fight with some of the lesser known villains, but still villains regardless. He took his eyes off the kid for a few seconds and turned back and he was gone. This wouldn't be such a big problem if it weren't for the fact that he hadn't put a tracker in the kid's costume yet. He'd meant to, he'd just hadn't had the chance! Even if he had put a tracker in the kid's costume, he'd still be worried. He'd been training Robin for about 3 months now and he was actually doing great. The kid is very intelligent and a quick learner. It helped that it didn't matter if he was talking to Bruce Wayne or Batman, Dick soaked up everything he said and did like a sponge. At galas and parties, he would pick on Bruce's mannerisms as a billionaire and try to act accordily at whatever the event was, whether it was professional or casual. As Batman, the kid could copy his moves easily. Being a former trapeze artist probably helped with that. Now said kid had been kidnapped. That much was clear. Batman looks around at the multiple villains surrounding him on the ground, some unconscious, some awake but too tired or injured to get up. He walks over to the closest one who's awake and grabs him by the collar of his shirt, giving him the Batglare. The sooner he got answers, the sooner he'd find Robin. \"I know that you know something at least. You guys aren't like the other villains who are better known. They do what they do as practically a job. You guys do this as more of a hobby, usually only coming out when you're called out, and that usually only happens when the other villains have a job for you. You guys probably have more of a life outside of this than they do, so if you give me information right now, then I'll put in a good word for you when you go to jail. Start talking.\" The guy is trembling in Batman's hold, probably intimidated by the fact that he's been glaring at him this whole time and hasn't blinked once yet. \"You're right! They wanted us to distract you so they could snatch the kid when you weren't looking! They took him to one of the Joker's usually warehouses! Please get me a lesser sentence! My wife already said if I got arrested one more time, she'd make me sleep on the couch! I have back problems!\" Batman puts him down and puts them all in Batcuffs before calling Batgirl. He tells her his location and about the situation. She has a typical reaction. \"Are you serious? Oh crap. How far do you think they've gotten with him by this point?\" \"I don't know. It's only been about 8 minutes since I noticed he was gone.\" \"Alright, hang tight. I'll be there in about two minutes to check it out.\" Batman sighs as he hangs up. He knows she'll call the police to take everyone here to jail so he doesn't have to. He decides to take a look around before she gets here. Robin can't really tell how it happened. He was fighting some of the lesser known villains with Batman when he felt someone come up behind him and wrap their arms around him, putting a hand over his mouth, before being dragged away. He yelled as best he could, but with how muffled it was, he knew Batman didn't hear it. He was dragged for 2 blocks, struggling the whole way, before they entered an alleyway. He caught sight of the van with the back doors open and immediately struggled harder to get away. The person behind him was either Bane or a really strong henchman, but either way, he didn't get away before being thrown in the back of the van. Barbara shows up with the cops only seconds behind her, and Batman hasn't found anything that could help find Robin. The cops start taking villains and loading them into their cars to take them to prison while Barbara helps him look around. After a few minutes of nothing, a cop approaches them. \"We were patting them down and found this in one of their pockets\", He said, holding out a slip of paper. Barbara grabs it and unfolds it, looking it over before handing it to Batman. \"That's the note they were going to leave for us to find\", She said with a calm expression, but her voice is laced with anger. Batman looks at the note, immediately taking note of the handwriting and already knowing who it is before he even reads it. \"Don't be too upset Batsy. I just wanted to get to know the kid better is all. I'll return him to ya in one piece...maybe. -The Joker\" Batman can't blame her for being mad. He crumples up the note and throws it to the ground before racing to the Batmobile. No time to go back to the Batcave. He'll just use the Batcomputer in the Batmobile to try to pinpoint where the Joker and Robin could be. Joker is not going to hold on to Robin for much longer if Batman has anything to say about it. Robin is slightly blinded by the light when the van doors are opened suddenly. He isn't given much time for his eyes to adjust to the light because he is grabbed by the arm and yanked out of the van and being led towards a building. He gets a good look around as they walk towards a seemily abandoned warehouse. He can tell that it's definitely more toward the bad side of the city. Well, okay, all of Gotham is pretty bad, but for some reason, most villains tend to gravitate towards Crime Alley. If that's not where they commit their crimes, that's where their hideouts are. And if that much is true in this case, then this warehouse is certainly not as abandoned as it looks. When they walk in, Robin is immediately pushed to the ground as the door closes behind them. He isn't given time to get back up before he hears footsteps approaching in front of him. He looks up, and is instantly greeted with a white face, with a crazed red lipstick smile spread acrossed the person's face. The insane look in his eyes matching the crazed smile perfectly. Joker. \"Pleasure to see you again Robin.\" \"Yay! He's here! We got him!\" A voice cheered behind Joker. Joker turns to look towards the voice and Robin recognizes her as Harley Quinn. \"Now all we have to do is wait for Batsy to find us. Knowing him, we have about 2 or 3 hours max before he gets here. World's Greatest Detective and all that.\" \"So riddle me this...what do we do in the meantime?\" A voice behind Robin asks. Riddler. Robin doesn't even need to look. Joker and Harley both gain surprised expressions on their faces. \"Uh...we didn't think about that. I guess we got too excited with the idea of kidnapping the kid that we only focused on the part where we actually get him\", Joker said as he looks down at Robin again. Robin stares back for a few seconds before looking back at Harley Quinn. He looks at her for a few seconds and realizes something. \"Why does your costume have those diamonds? Why does your costume in general remind me of playing cards? Are you just really good at cards?\" She looks surprised to be asked such random questions, but shrugs anyway. \"You do win everytime we play cards, Harley\", Another voice behind him says. Bane. Robin knew it was him who had grabbed him. \"Is that true? I think I could be a challenge. You got a deck around here?\" Robin asks. He's watched Bruce play thousands of times at parties. He knows how to play. It's not that hard. Harley smirks, clearly accepting the challenge. \"Mista J, go get the cards. I'll get some candy to bet with.\" It took longer than Batman would've liked, but he finally narrows down the Joker's current location, he's sure of it. As he's racing to the warehouse, his mind is racing. It's been almost 2 hours since Robin was taken. There's any number of things that could've already happened to him. If Joker has given Robin even a single scratch or bruise, Batman wasn't going to go easy on him. Robin still didn't know how to handle being kidnapped. Sure, they've talked about what he should do as Dick Grayson if he were to be kidnapped. Being the son of a billionaire could be dangerous, and Bruce wanted him to be prepared if anything happens to him while Bruce isn't there. But they've never talked about what to do if he were kidnapped as Robin. He must be panicking right now, not knowing if he should just do what the villains tell him to do or fight back. And because of that uncertainty, Batman is just a little more than terrified for what he'll find when he gets to the warehouse. It only takes 15 minutes for him to get to the warehouse and wastes no time jumping out of the Batmobile and running to a window. He's not exactly sure what he expected to see when he looked through the window. Maybe Robin tied to a chair or chained to the wall, looking beaten and tired, possibly unconscious, but nope. Nothing like that. Instead, he sees Robin, looking perfectly fine, sitting at a round table with Joker, Harley Quinn, Bane, and Riddler. Playing cards. Using candy instead of money to bet on. The window had a hole in the corner, cracks in the glass spreading away from it like a spider web. It's because of that hole that Batman hears what happens next. \"King me\", Robin says, laying his cards on the table. Everyone else groans, Joker and Bane throwing their cards in the air as Robin grabs all the candy on the table and puts them in a pile on front of him. \"It's not fair! He doesn't even know what we're playing!\" Joker points out, clearly agitated. \"Go Fish?\" Robin guesses as he puts a sucker in his mouth. Batman smiles to himself as he steps away from the window and starts walking towards the door. When he walks in, everyone will either fight him or ask him if he wants them to deal him in. Either way, Batman's not worried about Robin anymore. He'll learn more about being a hero as time goes on and Batman will be by his side through it all. He'll be fine. And there you go! Lego Batman!... I literally can't think of anything to say... don't plagarize. Also, did anyone else get the Gravity Falls reference at the end? If you did, hurray! Good job! I think that's it for now...bye? I don't know. I'm tired. It's 10:00pm as I'm finishing this. I'll post it in the morning before school. Goodnight. Sorry for any grammar mistakes. ","Summary":" HOWDY Y'ALL! First Lego Batman fanfic! I saw this movie about a year ago and it was the start of my"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Day the Clown Cried: a LEGO Batman Story","Author":"wildcard23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13080585","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was late at night. Harley and I were having a quick snuggle before bed. Sure, I had abused her in the past, but that was the old me. I later learned that we make a pretty great team. Yet even as I kissed her, I had a negative feeling deep in my stomach. But this time, it wasn't rage. It was sadness. Still, I tried my best to hide it. I didn't want to get Harley upset too. No one could ever know my secret. Harley slowly unbuttoned my pajama top, revealing my pale chest. She leaned down and started kissing my neck, leaving behind black lipstick marks. I panted. She was leaving me breathless. She opened up my top a bit more, until all the buttons were undone. I still had a bit of a tummy, which made me insecure. I shivered and blushed. \"Nnngh…\" \"Shh, it's okay,\" whispered Harley. \"You look cute.\" She kissed my stomach. \"Just breathe. Besides, look how toned your obliques are getting.\" She was right; they did look a little stronger. \"You always know how to make me feel pretty,\" I smirked. I gave her foot a little tickle, and then our lips met again. My red lipstick smudged on her mouth as we began to make out. I hadn't felt this loved in a while. Not since... the accident. After our sweet makeout session, I walked into the lair's bathroom to wash my face and get the lipstick marks off my torso. I dabbed some moisturizer on my cheeks. Ever since the day I fell in the chemicals, my skin's been feeling a bit leathery, so I had to keep myself hydrated. I still felt the sadness inside me. I gave a small smile at my reflection. Even without the lipstick, my lips were still a bit pinker than the average human's. I ran my neon purple-painted fingernails through my tousled green locks, sighing to myself. Why can't I just go back to the way things were, before all this misery happened? I thought. Before heading to bed, I cracked open my wallet. Inside was a small gold ring and a photograph. I examined the ring under the bathroom mirror's lightbulbs. It was still as shiny as the day I got it. I held up the photo. Kissing two of my finger tips, I then lovingly touched the photo, hugging it to my chest. \"I miss you more and more every day, my beloved,\" I whispered. The next morning, Harley and I had a bank robbery planned, but I just wasn't my usual cheery self. So I kind of half-assed the whole thing. \"Just put the money in the sack or I'll deliver a killer punchline,\" I droned. I couldn't tell who was less enthused: the teller or Harley. But they definitely knew something was up. As we dragged the loot down the sidewalk, Harley glared at me quizzically. \"What's gotten into you?\" she asked. \"Just tired,\" I drawled. Which wasn't a total lie. I WAS up half the night quietly crying to myself. But I couldn't tell her about what was in my wallet. A moment later, Batman and Robin showed up. Surprise surprise. \"Oh goody. Just haul our guilty butts to Arkham and get it over with,\" I groaned. Batman stared at me and blinked. \"Aren'tcha gonna hate-kiss me or throw an exploding pie in my face?\" I sighed. \"Why bother, Bats? You always win.\" Robin piped up. \"Maybe we should let him down easy, Padre.\" \"Don't mind him. He's not a morning person,\" replied Harley. \"Fine, we won't arrest you. Just hand over the cash and you two won't get batarangs where the sun don't shine,\" growled Batman. \"Ugh, whatever,\" I griped. I didn't even feel like putting up an excessively comical fight like usual. \"Maybe it's the new meds,\" the Boy Blunder whispered. All I could do was groan. Little did I know that my wallet was open. Back at the lair, I was laying on the couch, my face mashed into a pillow. \"Why, God, why? Take me instead. Just please please PLEASE bring them back...\" I sadly mumbled into the pillow. Harley sat next to me and placed her hand on my shoulder. \"Are these yours by any chance?\" I looked up. It was my ring and the photo. \"Yes,\" I smiled. \"They must have fallen out during the bank robbery.\" \"Care to tell me why you have them?\" Harley wasn't angry, just curious. I showed her the photo as she sat closer to me. In the photo was a heavily pregnant blonde woman, smiling peacefully. \"Her name was Jeannie Napier,\" I began. \"She was my wife.\" Harley looked shocked. I pointed at Jeannie's pregnant belly. \"And THAT was supposed to be my son. I was going to be a father.\" Harley gasped. \"What happened to them?\" \"Jeannie was killed in a water heater accident, along with my unborn son.\" I started to cry. \"Back when I was working for the Valestra mob. I lost my wife and my little boy that day. Along with my sanity, because I fell in the vat not long after.\" I held up the ring. \"And this is my wedding ring. I never wore it again because it brought too many painful memories. She was buried with hers. It's what she would have wanted.\" The tears were really flowing now. Harley pulled me into a hug. \"Oh, Jack. I'm so sorry.\" Harley rarely used my first name. \"I had no idea.\" I bawled my eyes out. \"She meant the world to me. And now I can never be a dad again because no kid would want to be raised by a serial killer clown.\" \"Oh, that's awful,\" Harley sniffled. \"My poor puddin'.\" \"I miss her so much,\" I sobbed into Harley's shoulder. \"Losing a loved one is always hard,\" Harley patted my back. I smiled up at Harley. \"Oh my doll, I would LOVE to marry you and all, but it's just too soon for me.\" \"You were only 25,\" said Harley. \"It feels like just yesterday,\" I sighed. \"I'm not ready to marry again yet.\" \"It's okay. I can wait,\" said Harley sweetly. \"But no matter what, you'll always be mine,\" I grinned. \"Oh, Mr. J. I love you too,\" Harley replied as she pulled me into a kiss. The next day, Harley and I were headed downstairs for breakfast with the other rogues. Harley tried to make room on the steps for the others, but ended up rolling her ankle and tripping. Oswald Cobblepot caught her. \"Oh dear. Are you alright, Ms. Quinzel?\" The Penguin was rather classy for a crook. \"I'm fine. I should have been more careful,\" said Harley. \"Your ankle looks a bit swollen. Good thing I always carry an ice pack with me,\" said Oswald. \"Thank you, Pengy. That's very kind of you.\" Harley held the ice pack to her ankle while she leaned on my shoulder for balance. Oswald offered her his gunbrella to use as a cane. \"Just watch those flippers or I'll slug you,\" I warned. \"Yes sir,\" said Oswald quietly. We all gather around the table to eat. Poison Ivy had made pancakes for everyone. \"Harleen's a sweet girl,\" said Catwoman. \"You're lucky to have her.\" \"Yeah,\" I agreed, flashing a smile at Harley. I was proud to call myself her boyfriend. After breakfast, I held Harley's waist and led her over to the couch. \"You wanna get down with the clown?\" I purred. Harley stretched out next to me. \"Sure. Just be careful of my ankle.\" \"I will,\" I said. \"Now let's put a smile on that face.\" I held her mouth open slightly so I could make out with her. Because even though Jeannie's gone, I'll always have my Clown Princess of Crime. ","Summary":" It was late at night. Harley and I were having a quick snuggle before bed. Sure, I had abused her i"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Night And Day","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Night And Day During the night I am all pumped And full of energy because I am the Batman Defeating and putting villains away With my boy robin the boy wonder by my side But once night turns into day all of my fuel reservoirs of excess energy Have wasted away after a busy night of busting villains left and right But let's just say Robin the boy wonder recharges overnight And he is up like a shot full of endless energy that never seems to end Where he gets it from I'll never know but he'll keep me on my toes for a longtime ","Summary":" Night And Day During the night I am all pumped And full of energy because I am the Batman Defeating"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Birth of Killer Moth","Author":"Lantern Power","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12715280","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Birth of Killer Moth 11/5/2017 *The Lego Batman Movie Edition* (Since the Lego Movies are supposed to be family friendly, this is Killer Moth's origin different than the dark theme of his origin in the comic books.) Blood, pain and fear. This fight has gone for a long time now between him and Batman. What became a simple bank robbery has turned into an MMA match combined with boxing in a bank. So far he's bruised to the bone and was bleeding in a couple of spots and the place became a mess less than five minutes. Where were the cops? Why hasn't Batman stopped? Why hasn't Killer Moth stopped? They were both in pain, one was terribly bleeding and their fighting has gone on long enough as if they were fighting for their lives rather than Batman preventing a crime scene. Batman eventually gave Killer Moth a final punch to the face, knocking him out cold. The Dark Knight looked around and saw what damage they caused before looking at Killer Moth. He didn't notice how much he was bleeding because of their fight, Batman vowed to never kill but he knew that Killer Moth wasn't going to make it. Batman left a note for the police before leaving the scene with Killer in his arms. *Later* Killer Moth woke up. His everywhere ached, he felt weak and he was so hungry. Also his body felt like he was hanging upside down and something wet and gooey covered his eyes. \"Hello?\" he said as he tried to move, but didn't have much space to go anywhere. \"So you finally woke up,\" a female voice said gently, and it sounded as if she was right next to him. \"I was getting worried that you didn't make it.\" \"What do you mean? And where am I?\" Killer Moth asked. \"Batman gave me you. He told me that you were bleeding terribly and wanted me to recover you,\" the female voice said. \"And you're in my greenhouse.\" Killer Moth took a minute to think. \"Poison Ivy?\" he asked, hearing a hummed uh–huh from her. \"How long have I been out?\" \"A month, your recovery took longer than I thought,\" Poison Ivy said. \"I had to steal donor blood, bandage your wounds, keep you breathing and fed. But despite all that, you managed to die before I could recover you, so I had to do the unthinkable. I had to mutate you to bring you alive.\" Killer Moth was shocked. \"What did you mutate me into?\" he asked. He heard a chuckle from her and if he could, his eyes would widen. \"You mutated me into a moth?!\" he exclaims. \"Yep,\" he heard Poison Ivy tell her. \"And from the looks of it, your metamorphosis should be done.\" So that explains why he's upside down. He heard something cracking open and felt himself being wrapped around by Ivy's plants before being set on the ground. Then felt Ivy wiping a wet cloth across his eyes and he could finally open them, seeing Poison Ivy smiling at him. He groans in pain from his headache. \"I know you've been in recovery for a month, but now you need physical recovery,\" Ivy said. \"So that means you need to learn how to walk again.\" It took a couple of days, but after gaining feeling in his body and with proper eating, he was back on his feet again. But he also learned how to cope with his new instincts as well. \"So, I had a few ideas how to-\" but Ivy cut him off. \"You're recovery isn't finished,\" she said, and he sighs in grief. \"But Ivy, I have been waiting over a month to get back to fighting crime,\" Killer said sadly. \"I don't want to wait anymore.\" Ivy gives him a hug to comfort him. \"I know it's hard for you, but you have to learn how to use your new abilities. Trust me; this will be all worth it in the end.\" Killer Moth nods, \"okay, I'll do it.\" There were times where he wanted to cut off his orange wings during his recovery, but he didn't because he didn't want to bring him more pain after his fight with Batman. They were hard to sleep with, and every time when Ivy had to give him a bath, while he was learning how to stand up, they took a while to dry. Sometimes they would hurt from not using them and the lack of feeling, so Ivy had to gently move his wings to gain feeling in them. \"Can you try to move them?\" Ivy asks as Killer sat on a stool. He looks over his shoulder and tries to move them, but they didn't budge. Ivy walked over behind him and gently opens and closed his wings to help. \"I have feeling in them, but I don't know how to move them,\" he says. \"Try, I know you can do it,\" she said. \"I believe you.\" She lets go of them, and he continued to look at his wings. He tries again and focuses on making his wings move. Then his wings twitched and saw them flutter a little. He smiles at his success, then starts opening and closing them slowly to get used to the feeling. \"I did it!\" he says happily with a smile, then flutters them a little faster. Then he started to fly off the ground by an inch, and then took off into the sky out through an open glass panel. He learned how to control his flight, his landings, his speed, and it was amazing. He felt like he was free and can go anywhere he wanted. Landing back at Ivy's greenhouse, he hugged her happily. \"Thank you so much, Ivy,\" he said, and she hugs him back. \"You're welcome,\" she says. Then he went off to search for Batman, which he found him on a rooftop. He came up from behind, and the Dark Knight turned around to see Killer Moth. \"Hello, Batman,\" Killer Moth said with a sneer. Batman immediately pulls out a Batarang but Killer Moth shoots it out of his hand. \"No need for that, Batsy. I came to thank you for letting me live and letting Poison Ivy recovered me.\" Then he lands in front of Batman. \"But next time we meet, I won't slide on letting you go free. I will get revenge on you for nearly killing me.\" Then he took off flying. And, of course, Killer Moth joins up with Joker's gang. But he will get his revenge with Batman. XxXxX I apologize for being gone for so long, I just wanted a rest from Fanfiction to let the creative juices flow. I am currently working on a chapter for Beauty and the Beast LEGO BATMAN STYLE and will finish the chapter series before New Years. Also I will get back to Cuphead too. But by January, I'm gonna start a new project, Worlds of Loathing on my DeviantART website. Also if there are any Minecraft players out there, on my Facebook, I will post on my Facebook of what days and time I'm available, so I can invite you guys to my WiiU Minecraft server. (Yes, I am planning on getting the switch.) Check out my Fanfiction profile. ","Summary":" The Birth of Killer Moth 11/5/2017 *The Lego Batman Movie Edition* (Since the Lego Movies are suppo"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Crimefighter Father","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Crimefighter Father If a little bird landed on my shoulder In the past and said that I would make an amazing dad I would've just looked at the little bird and laughed I would've continued to laugh until I could laugh no more And then flick the poor little bird off my shoulder Causing the little bird to shake its head in shame and then fly I am a bat the fierce phantom of the night Where some villains are afraid to even speak my name I am not a dad and never cares to become one not now not ever I am not the type who chases some random child nightmares away at night I've built a fortified stainless steel wall around my heart Encased in so many chains and locks To open up my heart you'll need a lot of keys I lay down the law my law where no one messes with my heart And tells me what to do Now years later I finally see what they mean As I watch my little robin sleep under the covers so snug and warm Both of us aware of the dangers that lurk outside and beyond Always having each others backs and protecting the people of Gotham City The love between father and son is stronger than any other bond that we share Now if the same little bird came back and sat down on the exact same shoulder And told me the exact same thing like he did years before I'd laugh And say I wouldn't change any of this for all the money in the world ","Summary":" Crimefighter Father If a little bird landed on my shoulder In the past and said that I would make a"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Bad One in the Deck: a LEGO Batman Story","Author":"wildcard23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13091785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joker's POV: One rainy night in Gotham City, I was up on a rooftop battling my greatest enemy, Batman. I was holding a bloody knife in my hand, since I had just stabbed someone who got in my way. But I wasn't afraid to do it again. \"Stabbing an innocent? You disgust me,\" growled Batman. I licked the knife in a sassy way. \"One less slow walker to deal with,\" I said, smirking evilly. \"Even so, murder doesn't solve anything,\" Batman retorted. \"Well it certainly helps me get rid of annoying people. And you're next!\" I lunged at him with my knife. \"Oh, please. You know you'd have no one to match wits with if I died,\" said Batman, rolling his eyes. Again, I tried to slash at him. \"True. But torturing you is just as fun! HAHAHAHAHA!\" He knocked the knife out of my hand and pinned me to the roof's power box. Grabbing me by my shirt collar, he growled, \"I won't let you hurt anyone else!\" I chuckled. \"You can lock me up all you want, Batsy. But I always find a way out.\" Batman's forearm was pressed hard against my ribcage, making me gasp for breath. \"If you weren't insane, you'd be getting the chair right now. And not even the Lazarus Pits would bring you back.\" Smirking, I added, \"You really think they'd have the balls for that? They didn't even bother with it when I was still working for the Valestra mob!\" Batman looked confused. \"Wait, what?\" Realizing I just blew a huge secret, I tried to backpedal. \"Nothing. It's just the voices in my head arguing again. Forget I said anything.\" Batman slumped me over his shoulder. \"You're going to maximum security for a LONG time.\" Batman's POV: With the Joker behind bars, I could finally relax. At least for a little while. But something he had said troubled me: \"When I was still working for the Valestra mob\". What did the Joker know about them? I decided to do some research on it later. Right now, I needed to sleep. To be continued... ","Summary":" Joker's POV: One rainy night in Gotham City, I was up on a rooftop battling my greatest enemy, Batm"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"By The Docks","Author":"Just A Random Pencil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13212527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I really loved the Lego Batman movie. It was an absolutely amazing movie, definitely my favorite Batman movie right next to the Nolan trilogy, and I'm glad I can add my two cents in to this fandom. This story takes place sometime after the movie. Also, while in this fic, everyone is in their Lego form, you're free to imagine them however you want. Lego Batman isn't mine and I don't make money off of this. Ding-dong! Alfred set down the feather duster and headed to the front doors of Wayne Manor, dress shoes clacking on the perfectly waxed floors. Visitors were always a rare occurrence, mostly because Bruce Wayne practically never invited anyone over. The only constant arrivals were from the mail guy and the garbage disposal man, and they never had any reason to come knocking on the rich mahogany double doors. The exceptions being that incident with the Joker's invasion not too long ago and Commissioner Gordon, but he knew it couldn't be her. She'd always knock rather than ring the doorbell, not to mention it was almost two and she had to be at work right now, thus ruling out the possibility. The unexpected and unknown visitor rang the doorbell again, and the butler walked a little bit faster. Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Alfred picked up the pace. Surely , he reasoned, whoever it was must have a good reason to be here. Otherwise, he or she would've left by now. This thought was confirmed not too long later after a brief pause, the visitor started pushing the button non-stop. Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding! Alfred practically broke out in a sprint to reach the doors. The incessant ringing abruptly cut off as he hastily unlocked and pulled one door open. He paused briefly when he saw who it was. Any other person would have screamed and begged for help. But this was Alfred Pennyworth, and he didn't even bat an eye at the sight of none other than the Joker at the doorstep. \"Yes, may I help you?\" He drawled in that bored yet sophisticated way that every butler worth his salt seemed to have. It was apparent that the clown prince of crime looked somewhat disappointed, as if he'd been expecting to see someone else, before he smiled. \"Hi, is Batman home right now?\" Alfred didn't fail to notice how he was trying to look over his shoulder. \"Yes.\" A thick silence fell upon them. The Joker adjusted his purple suit while Alfred stared impassively. When the former realized the butler was not going to say anything else, he cleared his throat. \"...Can I talk to him?\" \"One moment please.\" Alfred slammed the door closed. Joker took a deep breath and pushed back his green hair with both hands. \"Well that was awkward. Now, I just got to be cool. Soon as Batman comes out that door, I'll look him straight in the eye and say...\" He trailed off and grimaced. Then again, 2 P.M. is such a weird hour. I don't want to give Batman the wrong impression or anything. Besides, I'm not even wearing my best suit. He thought as he reached inside his coat. Meanwhile, Alfred rapped on Bruce Wayne's door. \"Master Bruce? The Joker is at the door and wishes to speak with you.\" \"What!?\" SMACK! Evidently the caped crusader had fallen out of bed. Then there was rapid footsteps getting louder and closer by the second before he flung open the door, hair unruly and his cowl in hand. \"He's here, now ?\" He looked down at himself, realizing he was in his sleeping robe. \"Would you like me to ask him to wait while you get dressed?\" Alfred suggested. \"No time for that! I have to stop him before he does something!\" He ran past the butler and yanked his cowl over his head. He glided across the smooth, glossy floor and leaped over the stairs, executing a flawless superhero landing that undeniably made him look awesome like always. He raced over to the doors and threw them open, eyes narrowed and poised to attack in an epic battle stance. \" Joker! \" But there was no one there. He checked on all sides, but the clown was long gone. The rustle of paper made him glance down and spot a seemingly innocuous looking card left on the doorstep. Police cars, fire-trucks and SWAT were parked all over Wayne Manor. It was the whole works. There was even a pair of helicopters with swaying searchlights for good measure. People rushing, expensive equipment with blinking lights and too many buttons, even a couple of police dogs sniffing around the area. At the front of the mansion, Commissioner Gordon was talking with Batman when Sergeant Jackson approached and handed her a manila folder. \"Results are back. It's clean.\" He informed as she opened the folder and looked over the report. But Batman, still in his sleeping robe, merely said. \"Run the test again.\" Everyone, even the dogs, groaned in unison. They'd been checking Joker's card for hours now, testing it for anything harmful, but to no avail. Batman was convinced that there had to be something wrong with the card, to the point he refused to take his eyes off it for a second. It was like he believed his constant vigilant gaze was the only thing keeping it from exploding. Barbara slammed the folder shut in one clean snap . \"Batman, there's nothing wrong with it. It's clean . I'm not going to run the test again, so either you can open it or I will.\" \"…alright, I'll do it.\" The vigilante relented. \"Thank you. Bring it in.\" She ordered. Jackson gave a sharp salute and complied, getting the card from one of the analysts. Just as Batman was going to take it, he paused. \"You're completely sure right?\" \"It's just a homemade card with too much glitter.\" Barbara assured with a strained smile. Her patience was just about at its end, and she could already feel the vein in her forehead start to throb with the stress. \"Could be evil glitter. Bet you didn't test for that.\" Batman grumbled under his breath, but nonetheless he took the card and opened it much to everyone's relief. His eyes went wide under the cowl. \"What does it say?\" Barbara leaned in to see the contents of the card for herself, but Batman closed it as he took a step forward and stared off into the distant horizon. \"Joker wants me to meet him at the docks tonight.\" He finally said. \"Alone. To talk.\" \"So that's where it'll be...\" She murmured. The caped crusader turned around. \"Wait a minute, you knew about this? Also, why didn't you tell me?\" \"I knew that Joker wants to talk to you because he's been leaving clues for over a month, but we didn't know where he planned to meet until now.\" The commissioner clarified, before frowning. \"I did tell you, don't you remember?\" \"Uh…\" He thought back, trying to conjure up the memory of when this apparently happened, but came up blank. Barbara groaned and ran a hand down her face. \"You don't remember the plan, do you?\" \"What plan?\" She took a long, even breath. \"Alright. Joker wouldn't just tell you where he'll be without something up his sleeves, like a bomb or hostages or something. You need to find out what's his ace card.\" Batman gave her a deadpan look, to which she shrugged. \"What? It was a good analogy!\" \"Yeah no, don't ever do that again.\" He said. She sighed. \"Anyways, the police will be posted throughout Gotham. We'll install a microphone in your suit so that we can listen to the conversation. As soon as Joker tells you what he's actually planning, we'll be able to respond immediately. Then all you have to do is catch him so I can arrest him.\" \"Sounds like I'll be doing most of the work.\" The vigilante pointed out. \"Pretty much.\" \"Alright.\" He nodded. \"Let's do this.\" \"What about me?\" The sound of a vinyl disc scratch made Batman and Barbara, as well as everyone else stop and look at the source of the sound. Robin pulled his hand back from the random phonograph on a table that he had barely even touched and sheepishly smiled. Huh. So that's where the awesome background music came from… Batman absently noted, assuming one of Barbara's people must have brought it over to set the whole intensely dramatic mood. \"Hey, kid, when'd you get here?\" \"I live here.\" \"Right. Well, you get the most important job.\" \"Really?\" Robin gasped, his eyes getting much bigger than was naturally possible in sheer excitement. \"Yeah, I need you to…\" Batman looked around, trying to find an answer in his surroundings. It had to be something that wouldn't actually influence the operation. As good as the kid was, this called for more covert infiltration and less Gym-Kata. Then he saw it. \"…guard the lamp post! I need you to stay over there, and protect it at all costs, understand?\" \"Yes padre, I won't let you down!\" With a happy salute, Robin rushed over to the post and started to march around it diligently for a few moments before pausing. \"Wait, what if I have to go to the bathroom?\" Rolling waves of black water crashed against the edge of the docks. Batman could almost taste the salt in the air from the seawater as he navigated through the dark. It was easy to get lost in a spot like this with its maze of warehouses and shipping containers. The flickering dim lights made the shadows dance, and he couldn't help but shoot shifty glances around him. He expected to be ambushed by Joker's goons, but so far nothing. The place looked deserted tonight, but Batman wasn't lowering his guard. \"Why am I doing this?\" He sighed. \"Because we're trying to catch the Joker and these are the coordinates-\" Barbara replied through the ear-piece tucked inside his cowl. \"I get that.\" He cut her off before she recited the whole plan. \"But why do I have to walk? Can't I use the Batmobile?\" \"No. You need to look non-threatening and approachable to encourage the Joker to talk, criteria the Batmobile doesn't meet.\" She said. \"It would've looked awesome.\" Batman countered. Crashing in with the Batmobile with rock blasting from the speakers would have also looked more like he was encountering an enemy and less like he was going to meet up with a friend. Which he was not . Just to set things clear. He was snapped out of his thoughts when Barbara said. \"Just stick to the plan. I'll be right here to help you if you need it.\" \"Got it. I'm almost there.\" The vigilante warned, nearly breaking free from the twisted labyrinth to where Joker was supposed to be. \"Understood. Good luck Batman.\" And then there was silence. The coordinates led to a warehouse. Batman cautiously stepped inside, vigilant of any booby-traps or spontaneously appearing henchmen. It wasn't hard to locate the Joker. He was sitting on one of three crates, the larger of which had a candle in the center and two steaming mugs. You have got to be kidding me. Batman thought with an internal groan. \"Batman!\" Joker's eyes lit up with joy as he spotted him and eagerly waved him over. \"So glad you could make it! Please, have a seat.\" He gestured to the other small crate across from him. Batman looked at the crate, then at the Joker, eyes narrowed with distrust. But he had a plan to follow. \"Fine.\" He slowly approached the crate, feet dragging. Each one of his nine shredded abs were rock hard with the sheer tension and he was struggling to hold back the urge to punch Joker in the face. Batman thought that he'd gotten over his biggest challenge when Joker released all the Phantom Zone villains. He learned to accept more people into his life. To work together as a team, as a family. Even do feelings that weren't pure rage. But tonight he realized that the second biggest challenge he had ever faced in nearly 80 years was to have the Joker less than three feet away and not do anything about it. Not anything violent to be more specific, with Batarangs and punches and smoke bombs. He unceremoniously plopped down on the crate. The Joker's semi-permanent grin grew wider. \"I hope you like the spot. I know you're into darkness, so I figured why not hang here in a creepy old warehouse?\" \"Say something nice! \" Barbara quietly hissed in his ear, nearly making him jump before remembering that she was listening to everything. \"Oh. That's very...\" Batman tried to think of something that wasn't an insult. \"...thoughtful.\" Good enough. \"Of you.\" He added quickly. The words came out choked and stilted, and he could almost hear Barbara slap her forehead in disbelief at how forced and unnatural that sounded. \"You really think so?\" \"Uh huh.\" \"Wow, thanks!\" Joker was so caught up in joy that he didn't notice the vigilante looked two seconds away from hurling. \"Yeah. Don't mention it.\" Batman choked out, the soft candlelight concealing his green face. The sickeningly sweet smell wafting from the mugs was not helping with his nausea. \"Here, I made you some coffee.\" The clown pushed a mug over to him. Batman peered in, eyes narrowed in suspicion. He could see nothing but frothy cream foam, with what seemed like chocolate or cinnamon powder sprinkled in the shape of a smiley face. \"I like it black.\" That, and it could very well be poisoned. Just because he had to be nice didn't mean he was going to be stupid. \"Oh, ok…\" Joker sort of wilted for lack of a better word, and in that moment, Batman felt the same gut-wrenching thing he had felt when he apologized to Alfred and Barbara and Dick for pushing them away. He felt sorry for the Joker, which was all kinds of wrong. It only lasted a second before the Joker suddenly bounced back to his usual self. \"Brutal honesty, that's good! We're making progress.\" Batman didn't really know what that was supposed to mean, or if he even wanted to find out. \"You're doing great .\" Barbara said . \" Just keep him talking .\" \" So .\" He cleared his throat, deciding to cut to the chase. \"What did you want to talk about?\" \"About us.\" \"Us?\" With a sinking feeling in his stomach, Batman knew he wasn't going to enjoy this conversation one bit. Good thing Barbara had his back. At a distance from where the conversation was taking place, Barbara and her team were waiting in the shadows. With the Joker pinned between the ocean and their police cars lined up in a solid blockade outside the docks, she felt confident that the Joker wasn't getting away this time. With the one-eared headphones allowing her to hear the conversation inside, as Batman didn't feel comfortable with the idea of the whole police force listening, she turned to face the team crouched behind their cars that were ready to take action on her signal. Covering the microphone part to keep Batman from hearing and getting distracted, she whispered. \"Remember, this is a delicate operation. It's why I personally picked each and every one of you. You've proven to be the best of the force and-\" There was a strange scraping sound that made Barbara stop talking and notice the dark outline of a person coming towards them, dragging something on the pavement. Everyone whirled around, some going for the guns in their holster, but she stopped them with a firm head-shake. Keeping her eyes on the unknown individual, Barbara carefully took off her headphones and reached behind her to open the car door and slip the headphones inside. The plan depended on Batman remaining focused on making the Joker talk. No matter what happened out here. She held out a hand. \"Halt! Who goes there?\" No response. The distance between them grew shorter. She whipped out her standard issue non-lethal gun and aimed. A perfect shot, but she didn't intend to pull the trigger. Gunfire would only alert the Joker and jeopardize the operation. \"This is Commissioner Gordon, and I'm ordering you to halt and identify yourself!\" Finally, the person stopped and lifted the large thing aimed right towards them. Barbara's eyes widened, but it was too late as a... giant colorful arrow was twirled by a smiling blonde girl? \"50% off special at the donut shop on the other side of Gotham!\" She cheerfully announced, waving the sign in the aforementioned direction. \" Donuts !\" Everyone seemingly teleported in their cars that had magically turned on in a blink of an eye. \"No wait, guys, we've talked about this! Remember your training! Come back!\" Barbara ordered to no avail. Her team peeled off so fast they left perfect dust outlines of themselves behind. On a side note, the strange donut employee was gone too, but that wasn't important right now. Tucking her gun away, she picked up her walkie-talkie from her belt. \"Attention, I need back-up from any near-by officer here immediately!\" Rather than cops chiming in with their acknowledgement of the situation and an ETA, there was just silence. The commissioner tried again, but got the same results. It was in that moment that she knew something must have gone wrong. Remain calm and analyze the facts. She told herself. The whole police force wasn't answering the walkie-talkie, and until proven otherwise, she had to assume she was currently the only available officer in Gotham. Additionally, she knew where her team had gone and it was smart to get them back before they overstuffed on donuts again. But there was the small detail of the operation to detain the Joker. It was a known fact that whenever the police knew where he was, it was because he was in the middle of a crime. The truth was that when Joker didn't want to be seen, he could vanish in a colorful puff of smoke and stay that way until his next plan to take over Gotham. This was a rare occasion where they had his fixed location and he wasn't doing anything illegal, other than trespassing on abandoned property. If this operation got compromised, they'd have to wait until the Joker struck again. Barbara knew without a doubt that the next time, there was going to be more property damage, more paperwork to handle, and civilians at risk. She was not willing to put civilians in potential harm, not when this could still work. It was just a matter of recovering her team and the apparently missing police force, without Batman finding out. As long as he sticked to the plan, everything could still turn out at the end. With that, she got inside her car and grabbed the headphones on the passenger seat to stuff them in the glove box. Turning on the engine, Barbara slowly retreated from the docks until hitting the road. With a firm grip on the steering wheel, she activated the police lights and slammed her foot on the gas pedal. 15 minutes, tops. Surely nothing will blow up by the time I get back. Joker pulled out a thick book. \"Lately, I've been reading How to Make Your Relationship a Two-Way Street , by Dr. Bartholomew Wolper.\" That name felt oddly familiar, but Batman couldn't place where or when he'd seen it before. \"There's this exercise, called 'Say What You Feel'. You start with 'I feel' and then you say what you feel. Why don't you try?\" Batman barely held the urge to sigh. \"I feel...that…\" \"Yes?\" The clown eagerly asked, eyes wide. It was like he was waiting for something extraordinary. And then… \"This is stupid.\" He didn't mean to say that, but it just came out suddenly before he could stop it. He thought Barbara would reprimand him, there was nothing but silence from her end. \"We don't use hurt words. Try again. Oh and don't worry, this a safe zone. Trust me, no one is going to interrupt us while we talk about our feelings.\" While in reality Joker meant to reassure Batman, all that did was put him more on edge. Joker's really thought of everything! Batman thought, itching to whip out a Batarang and throw it at Joker's face . He's sealed off my exits and has me trapped against the water. Who knows what else he's got! \"I feel this is a waste of time.\" Again, he couldn't stop himself from saying that. Luckily, the Joker didn't seem upset over his lack of cooperation. \"Hmm, I don't think you're getting how this exercise works. Here, I'll try. I feel like you've been ignoring me because you didn't answer the last few messages I've left you.\" \"What messages?\" \"For starters, that bank robbery from a month ago.\" He said. \"I left you a joker card in the vault, with a message that said 'Batman, we need to talk'.\" \"Must've missed it.\" Though to be honest, Batman barely even remembered the bank robbery itself. With so many crimes and evil plots to stop in Gotham, it was hard trying to keep track of them all. \"Ok, how about 2 weeks ago, when I left another message in a dummy of you when I robbed a jewelry store?\" Joker asked. \"Must've gotten picked up by PD.\" Batman said. \"Does last night's art museum heist ring any bells?\" The clown tried again. \"I left the message painted right outside the museum.\" \"Wait, hold on…\" Flashback… Sheets of icy rain poured down in the city of Gotham. The storm had been unexpected, occurring right after the art museum robbery occurred. Yellow police tape surrounded the building, almost being ripped off by the winds. Everyone was soaked and racing to collect evidence before it got washed away. No one really noticed Batman going off on his own to explore the crime scene. He was following a lead – literally. There was a trail of tiny droplets of bright green paint leading to the back of the museum, where it abruptly ended. He knelt down by the last paint splatter, super-mind hard at work to trying to solve this strange event. If anyone could figure out who was responsible for this, it'd be him, the World's Greatest Detective. The paint was dry, suggesting it was spilled before the storm. Before the robbery. While he mulled over whether the paint could somehow be related to the crime, a split second flash of lightning revealed a giant mural painted on the wall behind him. Present… \"Nope. Never saw that. Must've been washed off by the rain. But if you wanted to meet up so badly, why didn't you just tell me?\" Batman asked. \"Because I didn't think of that until this morning.\" He admitted. \"So that's why you came to my-I mean, Bruce Wayne's house right?\" Joker nodded, apparently not noticing Batman's blunder. \"And the rest is history. The important thing is that you're here now.\" \"Yup. Ready to talk about…us.\" Just saying the word left a sour taste in his mouth. \"And get it off our chests before it blows up in our faces.\" Batman stared Joker dead in the eye, checking for any signs that those two specific words could have triggered something. Like a chuckle from knowing something Batman didn't, or a too smug reply of 'Sure wouldn't want that to happen.' \"Exactly!\" Joker exclaimed, and Batman could've been fooled if he didn't know any better. The clown took a long sip from his mug. \"Look, I've been thinking. Now that we've publicly announced our relationship, I feel that if we're going to make us work, we should start over.\" Batman's eyes slowly narrowed to a squint, before he blinked. \"I'm sorry, you want to what?\" \"Start over.\" He repeated with even more enthusiasm. \"I believe we got off on the wrong foot with the whole you not admitting me as your greatest enemy issue. The only way to begin this new chapter in our lives is to wipe the slate clean.\" \"You expect me to just forget everything you've done over the past 80 years? What about the time with the two boats?\" The caped crusader asked. Joker snickered. \"Yeah, that was a pretty good one if I do say so myself...\" \"People could've died.\" Batman stated, not finding it funny at all. \"But they didn't.\" He wagged a finger. The caped crusader was ready to snap back with another rebuttal that proved he was totally right about everything, but found himself at loss for words. That, and the ear piece digging almost painfully into the side of his head reminded him that he had to not argue with the Joker for the sake of the plan. He was really starting to hate that plan. \"That's not the point.\" He finally said. \"Besides, didn't we already start over when we pulled Gotham back together?\" \"In a way, yes, but this, right now,\" Joker gestured to the two of them in a circling motion, \"is where our relationship can kick off in the right direction. That is, if we're both willing to set aside the past and start from the point you told me 'I hate you'.\" \"So, what do you say, to a new beginning, this time as true enemies that absolutely hate each other?\" He outstretched a hand. Batman scrutinized it for a moment, looking for a buzzer or some other nasty trick, but found nothing. \"Yeah, to a new beginning.\" He took Joker's hand. They shook hands. Then the Joker leaned in and whispered. \"By the way, I put super glue in your seat and I've rigged the docks to blow up in two minutes.\" BAM! Chunks of debris rained down as part of the roof was blown off. Batman coughed at the chalky dust and tried to reach for his grappling hook, but the glue had long since dried and he couldn't reach it. He couldn't move anything other than his head and arms. By the time the air cleared, the Joker was floating away on his balloon pack through the new skylight in the warehouse. All Batman could do was watch him get away and yell at the top of his lungs. \" JOKER! \" Joker threw his head back and laughed. \"We should really do this again sometime!\" Even the unknowing spectator would be able to notice the sheer tension in the line of police cars heading back to the docks. The leading cruiser was practically grinding the pavement under the tires, and those behind lagged at a distance. The second car in the line was almost being tailgated by the others, shoved to be in between them and the fuming car. It was very clear that none of the other cars wanted to be behind the first one. \"Of all the times to slack off for donuts, you all just had to do it right now. You're all losing your breakroom privileges for a month.\" She ignored the symphony of groans coming from the walkie-talkie. \"Now, let's finish this operation successfully. Commissioner Gordon out.\" The docks were within sights. Barbara let out a small sigh of relief. \"At least Batman did his part and nothing blew up.\" Suddenly it all went up in flames. She slammed on the brakes, as did the cars behind her. Luckily, everyone was safely at a far enough distance from the explosion. Except it wasn't an explosion. The commissioner killed the engine and got out of the car. The night was lit up in a colorful show of crackling fireworks, but what got her attention were the simple but unmistakable faces of the Joker and Batman beneath the message displayed across the sky for all of Gotham to see. GREATEST ENEMIES FOREVER! \"Commissioner Gordon, what are your orders?\" O-Hara asked. Barbara just stared as the fireworks faded away and the stars were choked out by the thick smoke as parts of the docks had caught on fire. She honestly didn't see this coming. She assumed that the Joker meant to distract Batman while striking somewhere else in the city, and never suspected that the docks could be where the clown prince of crime revealed his true plan. \"Commissioner?\" O-Hara tried again. \"I want the fire department here now!\" She ordered. \"And someone find Batman. We need to talk.\" \"Yes ma'am!\" It was clear that everyone was trying to make up for their earlier donut escapade by acting super competent and rushing to fulfill her commands. There was no doubt in her mind that Batman was okay. A couple of measly fireworks were not going to take down Gotham's vigilante. \"We found him! Right this way Commissioner.\" Sergeant Jackson led her to one of the cruisers. Batman was sitting in the backseat with the door open and his legs dangling out the side of the car. He had a wooly blanket around his shoulders, a hot cup of cocoa in one hand, and a crate with his pants stuck on them in the other. Barbara decided not to comment about that part. \"Are you alright Batman?\" \"I'm fine.\" His scowling face, however, said a completely different story. \"The Joker escaped didn't he?\" It was hardly a question, because Batman wouldn't be in such a foul mood if the Joker had been apprehended. \"Yes.\" He growled and took a sip. \"Can I go home now?\" Under normal circumstances, a more extensive interview had to take place to get the full account of the events. All the details had to be recorded, and a formal report written up. It was all part of protocol and standard procedures. But the fact was that the operation was a complete failure and there was not much else to it. \"Yes, yes you can. Thanks for helping.\" Batman simply grunted and downed the rest of the drink in a few big gulps. He pulled out his grappling hook and tossed the paper cup aside, but it was grabbed by a cop before it hit the ground. It was after all, evidence. There was a sharp whoosh and Batman was gone. The fire grew, and her team was running back and forth lugging ocean water with whatever they could carry it with – discarded containers, even their hands – in an attempt to combat the steadily growing flames. She cracked a small smile at their efforts and thought, maybe I'll cut down their breakroom privilege ban to 3 weeks. It was very late at night when Alfred finished dusting the piano at the front of the fireplace. It took him a few moments before it dawned on him that he didn't have anything else to do. Everything in Wayne Manor, down to the last piece of polished silverware, was clean and in order and placed in its rightful spot. Alfred had, dare he say it, free time. The thought was as shocking as it was exciting. This was a rare chance where he was home alone with nothing on his agenda. He could do whatever he wanted for once without a worry. Alfred was so engrossed in all the possible things he could do he didn't notice the fireplace turning to reveal the secret Batcave entrance, nor Batman coming in. Not until Batman stepped in, spotted the old butler and said. \"I don't want to talk about it.\" \"I...didn't say anything.\" \"Good. Because I don't want to talk about it.\" Batman repeated. The butler simply gave an mmm-hmm . Batman opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something else, but ultimately decided to remain silent. He left to his room while dragged a crate, which Alfred noticed had his suit pants glued on. It made an awful nails-on-chalkboard sound and left long, ugly marks right across the floor Alfred had just waxed that morning. He could do nothing but watch as hours of hard work were wasted, his plans for a relaxing glass of Pinot Grigio postponed until further notice. Oh well , Alfred thought, it was nice while it lasted. Yet as the butler went to find the floor wax, there was a persisting feeling at the back of his head, like he was forgetting something... Outside Wayne Manor, under one of the lamp posts, Robin was bouncing up and down. \"Guys? Can somebody come take my spot? I need to go to the bathroom.\" Silence. He heard crickets. \"Guys?\" Dr. Bartholomew Wolper was the author of the 10th edition of Setting Limits For Your Out Of Control Child . At least I think that's his name, it was very hard to make out the letters. Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed that. As always, thanks for reading! ","Summary":" I really loved the Lego Batman movie. It was an absolutely amazing movie, definitely my favorite Ba"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Bad One in the Deck: Chapter 2","Author":"wildcard23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13112615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joker's P.O.V. I broke out of Arkham with Bane's help. Sore and dirty, I made my way back to the lair. I knew Harley would be waiting for me. I had to keep a low profile so the citizens wouldn't find me and bring me back to Arkham. They always try to feed me that nasty mac & cheese. But I was happy to be home. Harley ran up to me and gazed at my scratched, rain-soaked face. \"Oh, Puddin'! What happened?\" I sighed. \"Batman happened.\" I decided to go take a bath to soothe my aching muscles. During my bath, I flicked on the wall TV. The news was on. \"This is Summer Gleeson, reporting live from the Gotham police station. New photographic evidence has been found of mysterious mob hitman, Jack Napier. 25-year-old Napier was working with the notorious Valestra mob when he was accidentally pushed into a chemical vat by none other than Batman. Napier's fate and current whereabouts are unknown, since he has not been seen since. However, this new evidence brings us closer to locating him.\" I turned the TV off. \"Ugh, why can't they just leave the past alone?! It's like they're stalking me! Can't I get any privacy?! This was YEARS ago! The Jack Napier you thought you knew is DEAD! It's Joker now!\" Thank god no one could hear me. Our walls are paper thin. Harley was the only one I trusted with my identity. If word got out that I was really Jack Napier, I'd probably get zapped in the chair so badly that the Lazarus Pits would be useless. Harley came in to check on me. \"Everything okay in there, honey?\" \"Yeah, just watching a dumb show,\" I answered, covering my privates with a washcloth. I didn't like people seeing me naked. \"Okay. Finish up and I'll get you some bandages,\" said Harley. Carefully drying off my injuries, I brushed my emerald locks and made my way to the bedroom. I sat on the bed in my underwear while Harley tended to my cuts. \"See, this is why you should use a sheath for pocket knives,\" she said as she applied ointment to a small gash on my thigh. \"You're right- ow!\" The ointment really stung. \"I know, honey. But we need to make sure these don't get infected.\" She then went to apply an ice pack to my shoulder blades. They were bruised from when Batman shoved me into the power box. \"Hhh...\" I shivered as the cold compress touched my bare skin. It was already chilly in the room, and I didn't have a shirt on to keep myself warm. \"It's okay, it's okay.\" Harley tried to warm me with her body heat. \"I hate seeing that gorgeous body of yours get marred.\" I started to blush a little. \"You flatter me, sweets. I just wish Batsy wouldn't push me around so much.\" I rubbed my sore arm. \"It's taking a toll on my muscles.\" \"It's a two-way street, puddin'. You fight him, he fights you,\" Harley pointed out. I placed my hand over my heart and cocked an eyebrow. \"Can I help it if I love the attention?\" \"I know you need validation. But for now, let's just stay off the streets until you heal up.\" Harley lovingly stroked under my chin. \"How about we have a little snuggle before bed?\" \"Sure.\" Snuggles were definitely better than slapping her. Did I actually love her? Yes, but my understanding of emotions is rather warped. Was our relationship abusive? Yes. Did I secretly hate her? No, that was just a dumb rumor someone started. Did I manipulate her? Yes. Did I still want to marry her? Eventually. She's no Jeannie, but she's gorgeous. Harley kneeled in front of me. She started stroking my silky purple briefs. \"Mmm, very soft. Are these new?\" \"Yes. I thought you'd like them.\" It usually took a lot to get me hot and bothered, but I was feeling a bit more sensual. I think it had something to do with the taste of the blood on my knife. It was exhilarating. Killing gave me pleasure tingles. I was aroused by the metallic flavor. Harley gave my chest a little squeeze. \"You look very sexy tonight.\" \"I'm covered in bandages, Harl.\" \"Yeah, but I love taking care of you. I find your vulnerabilities... cute.\" Harley may be ditzy, but she's as studious as ever. I didn't really like showing my vulnerable side, but I did enjoy being comforted. I guess I have what you'd call a praise kink. Harley's beautiful cleavage was on display now, making me blush harder. Tiny beads of sweat formed on my forehead as I breathed heavily. I couldn't resist her anymore. I pulled her in closer for a kiss. My lipstick smudged across her face as I explored her mouth. Her cute little tongue danced while we slowly and passionately began making out. I was wearing new strawberry lipstick, and I could tell she loved the taste from the adorable moans she was making. My fingers interlaced with hers as she was pinned on top of me. Her gorgeous thick thighs straddled my hips. We made out for a few more minutes until we came back up for air. We were both tired and breathless. \"That was quite a kiss,\" Harley panted. I smirked. \"You take my breath away, my radiant little harlequin.\" She chuckled. \"I love you too, Mr. J.\" I smiled down at her. She was a lot shorter than me, even when sitting. My lithe legs were so long compared to hers, and I always towered over her. It made her a lot easier to carry. \"You have nice legs\", she said. \"Strengthed by years of kicking Batbrain's hiney, babe.\" I blew her a sassy kiss and winked at her, making her giggle. She leaned in to touch my nose. I've always been insecure about it, since it's so pointy. But I guess she found it cute, because she playfully tapped it. \"Don't tell anyone where I am, okay? One more laceration would probably kill me,\" I whispered. \"I won't tell a soul,\" whispered Harley. \"You know I value your safety, and the authorities always treat us like scum.\" \"Thanks, babe,\" I said, kissing her goodnight. \"Now get some rest. You need to keep your strength up so you can heal,\" said Harley. \"I know,\" I yawned. A few seconds later, I was out cold. Batman's P.O.V. \"Alfred?\" I called my butler. I had some suspicious news to share with him. \"What did you discover this time, sir?\" asked Alfred. \"I haven't seen any sign of the Joker in days,\" I replied, the tension in my voice rising. \"But you are never going to believe this.\" To be continued... ","Summary":" Joker's P.O.V. I broke out of Arkham with Bane's help. Sore and dirty, I made my way back to the la"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Putting your Puddin' at Ease","Author":"VickyT36","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13192674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, I'm VickyT36, I enjoy the Lego Batman movie, and I like the relationship between the Joker and Harley in the movie. So I thought I'd try this idea out, after getting inspiration from other fanfics about them. Hope you enjoy! Putting your Puddin' at Ease It was the break of dawn in Gotham City, and the Joker and his girlfriend Harley Quinn had just returned home from escaping from Batman. \"Whew, what a night. You almost had the city in your clutches, sugar plum.\" Harley told the Joker, as they walked inside. \"I need a better plan. Something that Batman will never see coming.\" Joker said to himself. He began thinking about hanging Batman over a pit full of rabid dogs, or locking him in a room filled with dynamite, or even poisoning him. \"Joker.\" called Harley's voice. \"What?\" he asked. \"I asked did you see me take on Batgirl? I had her cornered like a rat.\" she said him. \"Yeah, real great, Harley.\" said the Joker exhausted from his thinking. \"You okay, Joker?\" she asked. \"Yeah, Harley, I'm just kinda tired, I'm gonna hit the hay.\" Replied Joker tiredly. \"You don't want anything to eat?\" \"No not really that hungry.\" Harley looked concerned, her boyfriend had been like this for the last few days. Lately whenever they'd come back from their battles with Batman and his bat family, he'd been completely sore, tired, and completely drained. It sort of worried Harley, she wanted her Joker back to his normal crazy, funny, evil/nice self again. Later that day, she had her best friends Catwoman and Poison Ivy over for coffee, and she told them about her problem with Joker. \"I hate seeing him like this. He won't eat any real food, he tosses and turns at night, he's really tense, and he gets angry at the smallest things. I'm worried about him.\" Harley informed. \"Sounds like you're gonna have to do something about it, Harley.\" Catwoman told her. \"Like what?\" \"You know when I got home from robbing the Gotham City Jewelry store, I was surfing the net, when I found this ad.\" said Poison Ivy, pulling something up on her phone. Then she handed it to Harley. \"How to ease your boyfriend's stress.\" she read. \"If you want to help Joker relax, then these steps are the key.\" said Catwoman. \"Can you email me the link?\" asked Harley. \"No prob.\" replied Poison Ivy, taking her phone back. After her friends left, Harley got on her laptop and opened the link in her email. \"Let's see, to help reduce your boyfriends stress levels.\" The steps were pretty easy. Recognizing symptoms, putting love in his food, being sweet to him, giving him space, and spending quality time with him. As she read, ideas formed in her head, and soon she knew exactly what to do. \"Tomorrow my Joker's gonna be back to his normal self.\" she said to herself. The next morning the Joker woke up still feeling sort of tired. \"Morning, Harley.\" he grumbled. But to his surprise his girl buddy wasn't on her side of the bed. \"Puddin'?\" he asked confused. He put on his slippers and robe, and left the bedroom. When he left, his nose was hit with a delicious smell. \"Mmm, something smells tasty.\" After he got to the kitchen he saw Harley wearing an apron that said \"kiss the cook\". \"Harley?\" he asked. \"Good morning, Mr. J.\" she said going over to him, and kissing his cheek. \"Morning, Harley, are those uh pancakes I smell?\" wondered Joker. \"Your favorite, come on sit down, they're almost finished.\" After sitting down, Harley placed a plate in front of him, on it were two pancakes, bacon, eggs, and cup of coffee. \"This looks good Harley, I can't remember the last time I had a breakfast like this.\" Joker complimented. \"Thanks.\" said Harley, and they ate their breakfast. By the time the he finished, there wasn't a crumb left on his plate. \"So, what are you gonna do today?\" Harley asked. \"I still gotta think of a plan for taking over Gotham City tonight.\" Joker answered. \"Well okay you do that. I'm gonna be out here practicing with my hammer.\" Harley told him. In his study Joker had been going over ideas but none of them were any good. He kept writing down ideas, but then crumpled them up and threw them in the trash. \"(Groans) can't I get one good idea?\" He asked himself. Then there was a knock at the door. \"What!\" he snapped. The door opened, and Harley poked her head inside. \"Just me puddin'.\" \"Sorry, girl buddy. I just can't seem to get an idea to stick.\" said Joker, rubbing his neck. Harley walked up from behind him and put her hands on his shoulders. Joker was a bit surprised, as she began rubbing his shoulders. \"Harley what...?\" Harley took her hands off him. \"Sorry you looked tense, so I thought...\" \"It's okay. Go ahead, feels good.\" Joker assured. So Harley continued to massage his shoulders. And Joker was starting to feel better. \"You think you could get my neck?\" he asked. \"Sure thing.\" she said, starting to rub his neck. \"So Mr. J I was thinking the two of us could go out and cause a little trouble in the park.\" Harley suggested. \"Sounds great, girl buddy.\" Joker answered. Later that afternoon, the two went to Gotham City park. Together they vandalized some statues, by spray painting their faces to look like the Joker's, went against the \"do not litter\" rule, and tormented some of the people. \"That was a good idea, Harley.\" said Joker as they drove back to their hideout. \"Thanks, I love how you break the rules.\" she told him. \"But I gotta ask what gave you the idea to do this?\" \"Well you've been so stressed out lately from trying to defeat Batman, I decided you need a day to relax.\" Harley explained. \"Why thank you, girl buddy.\" Joker replied. \"So what do you say we skip tormenting Gotham tonight and have a nice evening together?\" Harley suggested. Joker thought about it for a moment. \"Well...I guess a night off won't hurt. I'm sure one of the other villains will keep Batman and his team busy.\" \"Great, I'll even make your favorite.\" said Harley. \"I like the sound of that.\" Joker replied. That evening, Harley cooked Joker his favorite dinner, Shepard's pie and his favorite dessert banana cream pie. It'd been a while since he'd had a proper dinner, that he had two helpings of each pie. \"Harley, I have to say that was delicious meal. (Burp) excuse me.\" said Joker as he leaned back in his chair. \"I'm glad you liked it.\" said Harley, kissing his cheek. For the rest of the evening the two watched TV together, and took a little evening stroll in the moonlight. When they were both tired, they got ready for bed. After changing into his purple pajamas and brushing his teeth, he climbed into bed. \"I gotta tell you Harley, this day is exactly what the Jokes needed.\" \"I figured. I hate seeing you so wound up, sugar plum.\" Harley told him, climbing into bed. \"You know a master criminal like me is lucky to have a girl buddy like you.\" said Joker, putting his arm around her. Harley giggled. \"I love it, when you show your sensitive side.\" She cuddled up to him. Then Joker kissed her lips. \"Good night, puddin.\" And he turned off the light. \"Good night.\" And Harley fell asleep in his arms. The End, plz review and no flames plz ","Summary":" Hi, I'm VickyT36, I enjoy the Lego Batman movie, and I like the relationship between the Joker and "},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Bad One in the Deck: Chapter 3","Author":"wildcard23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13131867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joker's POV: I woke up next to Harley. My arm was draped protectively across her chest, as if to say \"back off, she's mine.\" I gave her some neck kisses to wake her up. She just looked so tantalizing in that tiny lingerie set. She smiled sleepily. \"Mornin', honey.\" \"Good morning, sweetie.\" I moved my arm off her chest so she could hug me. \"Are you feeling any better today?\" she asked. \"Still a little sore from last night's brawl,\" I replied. \"But I think I can manage.\" \"I can bring you breakfast in bed. Oswald's making that tea you like,\" Harley offered. I smiled. \"That'd be lovely.\" ","Summary":" Joker's POV: I woke up next to Harley. My arm was draped protectively across her chest, as if to sa"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Sick Robin","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sick Robin A knock on his bedroom door woke Dick from a deep sleep. \"Uh? Hello…\" Dick coughed he then groaned into his pillow. \"Hey Dick how are you feeling today any better?\" Barbara asked; as she turned on the lamp the brightness caused Dick to bury his face even further into his pillow. Smiling a little bit as Barbara Gordon sat on the edge of Dick Grayson's bed; Barbara couldn't hear what Dick was saying because it was muffled by his pillow. Barbara certainly wasn't going to pressure him into anything though because Dick had been quite sick these past couple of days; with a very bad cold it took a lot out of him. When Bruce saw how quick Dick went from being ok to the way he is now well it's safe to say he went \"absolutely batty\" unsure of what to do and as a result it took the combined effort of Alfred and Barbara herself to calm him down and talk some sense into him. So it's safe to say that both she and bats missed having their boy wonder out their on the field with them. After talking on and off about random things with Dick; the very next thing Barbara heard was the following. \"Barbara come on already we don't have all night you know!\" Bruce shouted from somewhere within Wayne Manor. Shaking her head Barbara stood up and straightened her bat suit and put her cowell on; but not before kissing Dick on the head who by now had fallen back to sleep or so she thought. So as Barbara/ Batgirl turned off Dick's lamp taking one last look at him before she closed his door. Barbara stopped in her tracks when a sleepy voice from the darkness said \"Don't forget to catch some bad guys for me ok.?\" Closing the door behind her Barbara/Batgirl said into the darkness \"Don't worry we'll catch some bad guys for you.\" After Barbara said that all she heard was snores sometimes intercepted by coughs. Looking at Dick's bedroom door for a few seconds longer her thoughts were interrupted once again by Bruce/Batman yelling for her to hurry up. As Barbara rushed to the batcave to join batman and go out for another night of doing nothing except kicking villains butt. She thought of one thing as it was this Barbara was constantly praying to the gods to make robin the boy wonder better and well as soon as possible because both she and bats missed robin on the battlefield. ","Summary":" Sick Robin A knock on his bedroom door woke Dick from a deep sleep. \"Uh? Hello…\" Dick coughed he "},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"More Flab Than Ab: A LEGO Batman Story","Author":"wildcard23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13076089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a lovely summer day in Gotham City, and everyone was headed outdoors for some fun in the sun. Everyone except the Joker. Inside his lair, the Clown Prince of Crime had just gotten out of the shower. He dried off his tattooed back and gazed down at his pudgy stomach. \"I gotta lay off the donuts,\" he said to himself. \"I'm getting as big as Oswald\". He stepped on the scale: overweight. He poked at his belly, wondering how he was going to hide it today. It was definitely too hot out for his signature purple suit. Batman already knew the Joker had weak abs, and the psychopathic clown wasn't in the mood to be laughed at by his greatest enemy. \"Harley?\" the Joker called his girlfriend. He had wrapped the towel around his waist. \"What's wrong, puddin'?\" Harley Quinn asked, speeding into the bathroom. \"Do I look chubbier to you?\" asked the Joker. \"Well, let's see,\" Harley said. She had him turn around so she could look at his belly. \"Nope, you look fine to me.\" \"Then why do I feel so bloated?\" Joker wondered. \"You're probably just gassy,\" answered Harley. \"Come on, I want to enter the surf contest.\" The Joker quickly touched up his lipstick and eye makeup. He wished he were back in the shower, where no one would care if he cried. Later, at the beach, Batgirl was busy waxing her surfboard. She was competing in the surf contest against Harley Quinn. \"This look okay, Batman?\" she asked her fellow crimefighter. \"Perfect,\" said Batman. \"You're sure to win.\" Just then, Robin ran up to Batman. \"Padre, can I have some money for ice cream?\" \"Sure,\" said Batman, handing Robin some change. Robin thanked him and ran off. Meanwhile, Harley Quinn was getting her surfboard into the water. Joker playfully whipped her butt with a towel, making her giggle. \"Good luck out there, honey,\" he said. \"Thanks, Mr. J,\" she replied. She joined the other surfers at the starting line. The Joker was feeling better already. He was wearing a loose blue Hawaiian shirt over his \"problem area\" so no one could tell he'd gotten heavier. In his hand was a popsicle. One little treat won't hurt, he thought. He gazed at Harley from behind his sunglasses. She was doing amazingly in the surf contest. However, Batgirl was fast. He wondered who would win. The Joker decided to relax in the outdoor pool while he waited for the surf contest to end. He kicked off his flip flops, applied more sunscreen to his bleached white skin, and laid down on his floatie. Harley ran up to him, a happy look in her eyes. \"Puddin', I won the surf contest!\" The Joker grinned. \"That's terrific, Harl.\" He reached over to hug his girlfriend. He was just about to lay back down when he felt someone bump him. It was Batman. \"Watch what you're doing, Batbrain!\" Joker yelled, shoving Batman back- hard. \"Make... some... room!\" growled Batman. \"I... was here... first!\" seethed the Joker. \"Now boo boo, I'm sure there's room for both of you,\" assured Harley. Batman and the Joker continued to squabble and shove each other. Every time the Joker pushed, Batman pushed back harder. The Joker tried to squeeze into the pool next to Batman, until he fell off his floatie and into the pool. \"Are you kidding me?! I just showered!\" Joker screamed. His freshly-applied makeup ran down his face in angry tears. He violently coughed up water and growled at Batman. The smudged lipstick and mascara made the Joker look like a bleeding raccoon. \"Sorry,\" whispered Batman. He glanced at the Joker's wet shirt, which was now clinging to his body. \"I have never been so embarrassed...\" the Joker fumed through gritted teeth. \"Oh dear. Here, let's get you dried off,\" Harley tried to comfort the enraged clown. \"Harley, don't-\" The Joker tried to keep his shirt on, but it was too late. Everyone could see his chubby stomach. Since Harley was the only one who saw him with his shirt off, he was humiliated to have so many eyes on him. Robin glanced at the Joker's back tattoos. \"Uh... nice ink?\" he said awkwardly. But the Joker ran away, crying into his towel. After his second shower of the day, the Joker sat in his bathrobe on the couch, crying. \"Now everybody knows how gross I look,\" Joker sobbed. Harley patted his shoulder. \"Sweetie, you're not gross. A little flab is natural\". The Joker grabbed at his bold green hair. \"There is nothing NATURAL about how I look!\" He cried into Harley's pajamas. \"It's all because of that stupid Batbutt always shoving me around!\" \"Now honey, what happened at the chemical plant was an accident. I'm sure Bats didn't mean to make you fall.\" While Harley hadn't met Jack Napier in his Red Hood days, she had heard what happened in the news since that day, and felt bad for him. \"So I'm not fat?\" the Joker looked up. \"No, you're just well fed. But if you want to lose weight, start with your core,\" said Harley. \"Won't that hurt?\" the Joker wondered. \"I could help you. I used to be quite the gymnast back in high school,\" replied Harley proudly. \"Well... okay. But I'll need some sweat-proof mascara,\" said the Joker. Laughing, the two pulled each other into a tight hug, and then began passionately kissing. The Joker had been quite abusive to Harley in the past, but they had since gotten along better, and their romance continued to grow stronger. \"You're my sweet lil doll,\" said the Joker as he gazed into Harley's twinkling eyes. Smiling, Harley rested her head on her boyfriend's chest while he smoothed down her hair. A few minutes later, they heard a knock at the door. The Joker opened it. It was Batman. \"What do YOU want?\" the Joker grumbled. He blushed, since he was standing there in a purple bathrobe and lime green undies with \"HA HA HA\" printed on them. Batman glanced down. \"Nice panties.\" He cleared his throat. \"Anyway, I'm sorry about what happened. I should have been more careful. And FYI, I don't think you're fat.\" The Joker smiled warmly. That was all he needed to hear. \"Thanks, Batsy.\" He then remembered that he was standing in his briefs in front of his arch-nemesis. \"Well, this is awkward...\" He coughed. \"I'm definitely going to need some eye bleach after this,\" replied Batman. \"Well, see ya.\" \"Hate you forever,\" said the Joker cheekily. \"You too,\" answered the caped crusader. Back at the Batcave, Bruce was busy tucking Dick into bed. \"He really did have cool tats,\" said Dick. Bruce smirked. \"Yeah, he did.\" ","Summary":" It was a lovely summer day in Gotham City, and everyone was headed outdoors for some fun in the sun"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Robin's First Easter With His New Padre!","Author":"KORIOISGONE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12453088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPY LATE EASTER EVERYONE! I wanted to write this BEFORE Easter but I didn't have time (or I forgot idk) This will be my first LEGO Batman Movie Fanfiction! Enjoy! Xx \"Sir, do you know what tomorrow is?\" Alfred asked as he carried some tea into Bruce's room. \"Uhhh, Sunday?\" He replied with an eyeroll. Alfred sighed loudly. \"Tomorrow is Easter.\" Alfred finally said after a few moments. \"OHHHHHHH! THAT thing! About all the eggs and stuff.\" Bruce thought out loud. \"Master Dick is currently asleep and we should do something for Easter, like hiding eggs around the Manor?\" Alfred suggested. \"Well, we should do that for the kid, it would be nice to do more father and son time with him.\" Bruce replied. \"I shall go buy the eggs for the young master to find. I'll be back later.\" Alfred said, leaving the room. Xx \"Hey kid, wake up! Today's Easter!\" Bruce's voice woke up Dick suddenly. \"O M GOSH! Padre! Are we doing the egg hunt too?\" Dick's voice was loud. \"Oh yes we are! And I've invited Barbra too!\" \"YAY! My not-mom will be coming here!\" Dick jumped around in his bed, making all his teddies bounce up whenever he landed on the bed. Bruce smiled for a while, then left the room. Xx Later that Day- Ding dong! The doorbell rang, Barbra was here! Dick ran down to the door and opened it quickly. \"Hi not-mom!\" He exclaimed and gave Barbra a hug. Bruce walked down the stairs and welcomed her and sat her down on the couch. \"Okay, Dick, you ready to hunt some eggs?\" Bruce asked. \"Oh yes I am!\" Dick replied with a giggle. \"Now, the eggs are only around here, not upstairs or anything but they can be on the stairs.\" \"Okay Padre!\" Dick yelled. \"Now, you can go!\" With this, Dick ran around the manor finding eggs with the basket that he somehow got. Bruce and Barbra had a chat with each other and watched a movie, Alfred prepared dinner while getting distracted by Dick running around giggling loudly. \"Padre!\" Dick yelled from the other side of the room. \"I found them all!\" Bruce rushed to his son who was jumping around. \"Well done kid! Now, you can eat them AFTER dinner!\" Bruce ordered. \"Yup!\" Replied Dick. Dick and Bruce went and sat in their seats on the dinner table and ate together and Dick shared his eggs with Bruce. Bruce's face was covered with chocolate since he ate so much. Then it was night time and Dick had to go to sleep. \"Night Padre!\" Dick called from his room. \"Night kid!\" Bruce replied. Alfred smiled as he listened to them call across the hallway while he was dusting some objects in the hallway. The Egg! Xx A/N: I got lazy at the end… I LOVED THE LEGO BATMAN MOVIE! ROBIN WAS SOOOOO CUTE! His eyes were the thing that made him look so adorable! ","Summary":" HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPY LATE EASTER EVERYONE! I wanted to write this BEFORE Easter but I didn"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"All of me","Author":"Mordred Jones","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12657102","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joker sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. It was 4:30 in the morning and he couldn't sleep. He stared unseeingly at what was supposed to be plans for the gangs next crime spree. Somehow he couldn't see releasing all the animals from the zoo or attacking town hall with jelly bombs really cutting it. He groaned and flipped upside down in his chair to gaze at the ceiling. He just couldn't concentrate. \"I hate you forever.\" Batman's deep voice echoed in his ears as he replayed that moment for the hundredth time. Joker's heart skipped a beat just thinking about it. He'd never expected Batman to actually say that to him and now that he had Joker had no idea how to deal with it. For the past couple of months things had been carrying on as normal. Joker committing crimes and Batman stopping him. As Joker got up from his seat he realised that that just wasn't enough for him anymore. \"Harley. Harley! Wake up girl buddy, it's important.\" Harley Quinn opened a bleary eye to find Joker's face inches away from hers. \"What is it?\" she asked sleepily, her voice slurred. \"I've been thinking\" Joker gushed, bouncing up and down on the bed. \"Do you think Batman and I need to get to know each other better? Outside of the usual fight scenario I mean. Let's face it, after over 70 years I should hope we know each other well enough in that sense by now. \" Harley squinted at him. \"J-J, I only went to sleep 2 hours ago! Couldn't this have waited for a bit?\" Joker didn't seem to hear her and carried on talking. \"I know it's not really the done thing between heroes and their villains but I think Batsy should really get to know me. Me outside of crime. What we have...what we are is special and I think we are mature enough to make this greatest enemies thing work. What do you think?\" he asked her. Harley groaned inwardly. Normally she would be more than to help J out but she was just too tired. Next to her Poison Ivy, who had been woken up by Joker's bouncing, glared at her in a way that clearly said \"Make him shut up or I'll punch him.\"\"Boo-boo\" said Harley gently \"It's up to you how you handle things with Batman. If you are sure that is what you want then go for it. I'm sure he'll like you just the way you are, he'd be a fool not to. Now I really need to go back to sleep Puddin' but we can talk about it later if you want.\" With that she buried her head under the covers and instantly fell asleep. Finally getting the message Joker left, closing the door as quietly as he could behind him so as not to disturb them further. He paced up and don his bedroom for a while, thinking. Deciding that sleeping was hopeless at this point he went over to the giant walk-in wardrobe that he shared with Harley. It was home to all of her costumes, 57 of his purple suits (one with tails twice as long as he was tall) and a small selection of suits and everyday clothes for when they wanted to go out without attracting attention. Half an hour later Joker was dressed in black jeans, boots ad leather jacket with a Batman t-shirt underneath. He had used a packet of Harley wash-out hair dye and made his make up a little less extreme. He looked at himself in the mirror as he made his way out of the front door. He had never tried being a brunette before, he quite liked it. He didn't now where he was going. Maybe he would get a coffee at one of those all night fast food places. As he walked along the dark streets of Gotham Jokers thoughts travelled back to Batman. He wondered what his big, bad bat was up to now. Bruce sat behind the wheel of his car and waited for the lights to change. For once he didn't need to rush off to save the day, in fact Batman wasn't needed at all at the moment. He breathed in and out nervously, clutching the steering wheel tight. He always felt this way when he wasn't wearing his cowl but he was making an effort to try and do without it occasionally. Barbara and Alfred both thought that Robin needed to spend time with his dad without the mask on sometimes. At first Bruce thought they were crazy but after awhile he began to realise that they were right. Robin seemed more relaxed, happier. So once in a while he'd take it off for a bit. However, he still found it very difficult which is why he could be found driving alone around the streets of Gotham on quiet nights. The pressure of taking his cowl off with the others watching was still to much for him, this was his way of practicing. Alfred knew that he had problems with it but he doubted his butler really new how he felt. Without the mask the world seemed so huge and unfamiliar. He was alone and defenceless. Bruce would never let them know that though, Batman didn't do feelings. As he drove he wondered what the various criminal low lives in the city were planning. Would tonight be one of the rare quiet nights that Gotham seldom go to enjoy or would the Bat-signal be activated before the night was over? Deciding that he needed to stretch his legs Bruce parked outside a McDonalds to get a coffee. Expecting to find the place silent and empty he was surprised to hear a great deal of talking as he entered the room. \"Then he jumped across this huge gap between a couple of 50 storey buildings, landing perfectly of course, and kicked Killer Croc in the face without even stopping to catch his breath. Sure Superman can fly but that's only because he's some weird alien with freaky powers. Batman does what he does without any super powers at all in the most crime ridden city in the world. I can't see Superman managing to do that all day everyday, can you? He's just a big coward. Plus he has the most appalling fashion sense. Now Batman knows how to dress with style.\" That voice sounded very familiar. Trying not to blush Bruce looked over at the counter. A teenage girl was stood behind it, glaring at the talking custom who seemed totally oblivious to the fact that their audience wasn't the least bit interested in what they were saying. The McDonalds worker looked up and, noticing Bruce stood in the doorway, called \"Can I help you?\" The other custom turned to see who she was talking to and Bruce's suspicions were confirmed. Joker (Bruce could still recognise him despite the make-over) blushed scarlet. Mumbling something that no one could catch he tossed his coffee cup into a near by bin as he ran out of the door. Bruce debated whether or not he should go after him but ultimately decided against it. He didn't seem to be planning anything dangerous. Bruce bought himself a drink then headed back to the car. He was driving past the entrance to a dark alleyway when he spotted something. He stopped the car. Joker ran out of McDonalds as fast as he could. This was definitely one of the top five most embarrassing moments of his life. He guessed it could have been worse, at least Bruce didn't know it as him. Slowing down to a walk Joker decided to head home. He turned into a dark alleyway only to find his way blocked by 2 large men. A classic mugging set up. Well they'd have to do better than that thought Joker. \"Coming through\" he snapped, trying to barge past. H was pushed backwards into 2 more men who had come up behind him. \"You're not going anywhere\" one of them growled. Joker let out a high, manic laugh. This could get messy. The 4 ruffians stood still for a couple of moments in shock, that had not been the reaction they were expecting. Then they jumped into action. The 2 behind made grab for Jokers arms as the other swung punches. They all missed. Joker lashed out, landing 3 punches and 2 punches in quick succession finishing by poking one man savagely in the eye. He made a dash for the main road but he was caught by the wrist and dragged back. As one grabbed Joker by the waist and lifted him off the ground the other attackers advanced menacingly. Joker twisted his body round suddenly, wrong footing them. This time he didn't hold back. After two sharp jabs to the ribs and being head-butted in in the nose one man had already collapsed on the ground. Pulling out the knife he had concealed in his boot Joker made quick work of 2 others. Then his luck ran out. A hand grabbed him round the throat and slammed him into the wall whilst another knocked the knife out of his hand. The man loomed over Joker, baring his teeth. Before anything else could happen there was a loud crack and the mugger fell to the floor. Joker gasped as he found him self face to face with Bruce Wayne who was holding as dustbin lid. \"Alright?\" Bruce grunted, tossing the bin lid aside. \"Fine\" Joker whispered. He was in shock and it wasn't because he had just been attacked. Bruce Wayne a.k.a Batman had just saved his life! Wow! For gods sake Joker don't swoon he told himself. Bruce went and checked over the would-be muggers who were lying on the floor. Joker massaged his sore throat then bent down to pick up his knife. \"It was in self defence\" he said, feeling Bruce's eyes watching him as he tucked his knife back into the hidden compartment in his boot. \"I know. Besides, none of them are dead so...\" Bruce shrugged instead of completing the sentence. \"Bruce Wayne\" he added suddenly, holding out his hand. \"Jack Napier.\" They shook hands, the awkward silence not quite forgotten. \"Thank you said Jack shyly as they made their way out the alleyway together. He smiled at Bruce then turned to leave. \"Wait\" Bruce called. Jack stopped dead. This was it. Back to Arkham for him. He felt a hand on his shoulder as Bruce turned Jack round to face him. \"You're hurt\" Bruce said. He ran his thumb along Jack's bottom lip were a freshly made cut oozed blood. Jack gazed dreamily into Bruce's eyes and willed himself not to faint. \"I've had worse believe me\" he replied. Bruce stared off into space for a moment. Then he walked purposefully over to a haphazardly parked car and opened the door. \"Let me give you a ride home\" Bruce blurted out. Jack's eyes widened in surprise. \"Sure\" he stammered and he climbed into the passenger seat. What on earth are you doing? Bruce asked himself as he started the engine. Why on earth was he giving Jack a lift? They were greatest enemies for crying out loud, it wasn't normal. \"Can I put the radio on?\" Jack asked nervously after an extremely long silence. Bruce merely nodded. *Baby, can't you see. I'm calling. A guy like you should wear a warning. It's dangerous. I'm falling.* Bruce grimaced as the voice of Britney Spears issued from the speakers. Jack on the other hand was having the time of his life. He was dancing in his seat, singing along and smiling. You wouldn't think to look at him that he had nearly been the victim of a mugging just a few minutes before. Bruce watched him out of the corner of his eye, trying hard not to smile. He felt much calmer now than he had earlier on. He told himself it was just an after effect of the adrenaline rush from the fight. He didn't really believe it though. A pink and orange sunrise glowed over Gotham city as they pulled up outside an abandoned looking warehouse. Jack got out of the car and lent against Bruce's open car window. \"Thanks for the lift\" he said \"and thanks for saving my life. I'll never forget it Batsy.\" Bruce's face drained of all colour as Jack, realising hat he had just said, clapped his hands over his mouth. \"How long have you known Joker?! How do you know?!\" Bruce yelled, grabbing hold of Jack by his jacket. \"I've known for ages!\" Jack cried \"It's not exactly hard to figure out, I'm surprised more people haven't made the connection to be honest. Don't worry though, I'd never tell anyone. What would be the point? If everyone found out you'd have to stop being Batman and where would I be then? You mean so much more to me than that.\" He stopped abruptly and bit his lip, making it bleed again. He had said too much. Bruce let go of his jacket. \"I'm sss ... I'm so... I'm sorry\" he managed finally. Jack blinked rapidly, trying to take it in. \"How did you know it was me?\" he asked eventually after a long pause. \"Honestly J-bird it takes more than a change of clothes and some hair dye to fool me. Besides, calling me Batsy was a bit of a give away.\" Jack thought he detected a hint of amusement in his voice. \"So you gave me a lift even though you knew it was me? Wow. Thanks I guess\" Jack replied \"Well good night.\" He blew Bruce a playful kiss. He could have sworn he caught a glimpse of a blush creeping up Bruce's cheeks. Smiling to himself Jack turned and began to walk away. Red faced, Bruce watched as Jack started to leave. Without thinking about it he called \"Jack! I...I have this dinner I have to go to on Saturday and I was wondering whether you would go with me!\" Jack froze. Damn it what have I done? Why did I do that? Bruce thought. Jack stared at him, dumbstruck. \"Do you really mean it?\" he whispered \"You want to go with me?\" He looked so vulnerable. \"Yes\" replied Bruce hesitantly \"I really would.\" He gripped the steering wheel so tight that his knuckles turned white, terrified what the answer would be. \"Oh Batsy, I'd love to come!\" Jack gasped, bursting into tears and grinning at the same time.\"Good\" said Bruce stiffly, feeling happy but extremely awkward. \"Gotham city grand hotel at 7:30pm. I'll meet you there.\" He started the car. Looking back he added \"By the way, I think Jack suits you.\" Then Bruce sped off into the dawn before Jack could reply. In a happy daze Jack went inside, washed the dye out of his hair and put on his pyjamas. It was just as he was getting into bed, trying to ignore the sound of Killer Croc and Crazy Quilt fighting over the tv remote, that he remembered the speech about Batman he had made at McDonalds. With a groan Joker buried his face in his hands. He felt as though he was going to die of embarrassment. It was 7:40 pm on Saturday. Bruce, wearing his usual white tuxedo, was sat alone at a table inside the Gotham city grand hotel. This was a terrible idea he thought as he tapped his fingers nervously on the table top. Wait, Batman didn't get nervous. He wished he hadn't come but Alfred had insisted, he said Bruce needed to work on his public image. Inviting Jack hadn't been part of the plan and Bruce had yet to mention it to anyone. They would certainly panic and he didn't blame them. Even he was half expecting to find out about a hidden bomb or some similar scheme before the night was over. That was of course if Jack showed up at all. He was other people present, who had until no been milling around drinking and talking, began to take their seats. A blonde woman with a dark tan and a rather revealing dress stopped at his table. \"You know, I didn't expect to find Gotham's most eligible billionaire bachelor sitting alone. Would you like some company?\" she asked in a seductive whisper. Bruce glanced at her momentarily. Gold digger, he knew the signs. \"No thanks\" he replied gruffly \"I'm waiting for someone.\" She pouted. \"Are you sure? Things will be starting soon. It doesn't look as though the person you're waiting for is going to make it. Their loss\" she added with a wink. \"No thanks\" Bruce repeated firmly. He stood up and looked around the room desperately. Then he saw him. *Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must have been something you said. I just died in your arms tonight.* It was like all the air had suddenly been sucked out of the room. Bruce's stomach felt as though it had just performed a back flip. He watched, as if in slow motion, as Jack entered the room. He was dressed in a black suit and shirt with a bright yellow tie. His pale skin contrasting perfectly with the smokey black eye shadow and the deep, dark matte red lipstick. Jack glanced around and spotted Bruce. He walked over to him. \"Hi. Sorry I'm a bit late. I couldn't decide what to wear\" he said apologetically, holding out his hand. As they shook hands Bruce caught a glimpse of Jack's cufflinks, they were bright yellow and in the shape of bats. Jack then noticed the blonde woman who for some reason was still hanging round. \"Could we get 2 glasses of water please. Also, if it's not too much trouble, could we see the wine list?\" he asked. His voice was cheerful but his eyes were cold and a malicious smiled played upon his lips. With a look that said she'd like nothing better than to slap him she turned on her heel and stalked off. Jack laughed softly to himself. Even Bruce couldn't stop a snort of laughter escaping. They took their seats. \"You...look...nice\" Bruce whispered, taking a sudden interest in his shoes. Jack blushed and promptly dropped his fork. \"So, what is all this about?\" he asked once he had returned from retrieving his fork. He gestured vaguely around the room. \"Some fancy dinner. I think there might be a charity auction afterwards. To be honest I don't really know. I'm only here because Alfred said it would be good for PR\" Bruce replied without interest. \"Is this what life as Bruce Wayne is like? Going to things that you don't like just so people can take your photo. That's actually quite sad.\" Jack's eyes were filled with pity as he gazed across the table at his date. Bruce nodded then decided to steer the conversation away from himself. \"So what do you do in your spare time? You know, when you're not...\" \"Blowing stuff up?\" Jack finished the sentence for him. He grinned. \"All sorts. I go roller skating with Harley. I hang out at the casino sometimes, just so I can beat them at their own game. Mario cart, a bit of stand up comedy card tricks, dancing at clubs. A bit of everything really\" he replied. Bruce clenched his fists as a wave of jealousy washed over him. \"Sounds nice. Fun\" he commented, voice tense. The grin faded off Jack's face. \"It's not as great as it sounds\" he admitted. \"If it was I wouldn't have to do so much of it. Just because I'm busy it doesn't mean I'm happy.\" Bruce stared at him with sudden clarity. Jack was actually making a lot of sense. \"I only feel alive when I'm with you\" Jack added quietly. Bruce was saved having to respond to that as the waiter had just arrived to take their orders. A long awkward silence followed. \"So how is Robin?\" Jack asked, unable to stand it any longer. Bruce latched onto the question like a drowning man grabbing hold of a life buoy. The rest of the dinner was spent listening to Bruce talk about Robin. To be honest Jack didn't mind, it was just nice to see Bruce happy. Besides, he was quite fond of the kid himself but who in Gotham wasn't? It turned out there was an auction but neither of them bought anything. Jack doubted antique vases would really go with the \"circus gone psycho\" theme of his home d cor. Deciding to leave early they headed out of one of the back doors in an attempt to avoid the cameras. \"Thanks for coming\" said Bruce hesitantly \"it was nice having someone with me for a change.\" \"That's ok\" Jack replied with a smile \"thanks for inviting me. I had a great time.\" \"That's good\" Bruce muttered. He felt Jack's hands slowly grasp hold of his own. \"Do you remember when we saved the city by holding hands?\" Jack asked quietly. \"Yes, I remember.\" He looked up into Bruce's face to find Bruce staring intently at him. Just do it. You might never get another chance Jack thought. Finally he made his decision and throwing caution to winds lent forward. Their lips met. For a moment Bruce didn't respond. Jack panicked and, thinking he was being rejected, was about to pull back but then he felt Bruce's grip on his hands tighten as he began to kiss back. It was truly the most wonderful moment of Jack's life. After a while they broke apart, resting their foreheads against each other. \"I love you Batsy\" Jack sighed. No reply. He bit his lip and waited. He knew Bruce wasn't very good at expressing his feelings. Jack knew he'd have to be patient but the pain of uncertainty was already more than he could stand. \"I love you too J-bird\" a deep voice said. Jack felt tears well up in his eyes as Bruce lent forward and kissed him again. \"YAY! WELL DONE BAT-DAD!\" Bruce jumped back as though he had received an electric shock and looked around wildly. Unnoticed by either of them Bruce's limo had pulled up beside them and Robin, wearing red and green pyjamas baring the saying \"Tweet tweet on the street\", was leaning out of the back window. His eyes were as wide as saucers and he was grinning from ear to ear. \"What are you doing here?\" Bruce asked, almost too flustered to speak. \"I had a bad nightmare. I tried really hard to go back to sleep but I just couldn't so Alfred said I could come with him when he came to collect you\" Robin replied. He was practically bursting with excitement. Suddenly he found that he couldn't contain it anymore. \"Does this mean I get another dad?! Is Joker going to move in with us?! Are you going to get married?!\" he squealed, jumping up and down. \"Yes of course\" Jack practically screamed back, he was just as excited as Robin. Bruce froze with shock. Moving in?! Marriage?! He started to hyperventilate. He hadn't thought about any of this. What was he supposed to do? What was he supposed to say? He felt a hand touch his shoulder. \"Sir.\" Bruce automatically aimed a punch which Alfred dodged with ease. \"Sorry\" Bruce gasped. Alfred waved the apology aside. \"Sir, if I may offer some advice\" he said. Bruce nodded. \"I understand this must be quite a frightening prospect for you and by all means take as long as you need to, to think about it. However, I personally think that you should embrace this. I am fully aware of Master Joker's ... shall we say questionable interests and personality traits but even I can not deny that you are perfect for each other. I know you are scared of commitment but trust me when I say that I truly feel that this is what will make you happy. Make all of us happy. You have to remember Bruce, that even though it may seem that things are happening very quickly but you and Joker have known one another for decades. I don't mean to push you, in fact that is the last thing I want to do. I just don't want you to throw away your chances unless you are sure it's what you want. Whatever you decide to do though I just want you to know that I am proud of you. I always have been and always will. I am sure that if your parents could see you know they would be proud of you too\" Alfred finished. Bruce didn't respond. He looked over at Robin and Jack, who were excitedly planning a trip to the local roller disco, as he let the full impact of Alfred's words sink in. It was then that he realised that he had known what he wanted all along. He walked over to were Jack was standing. Jack looked up at him, suddenly serious. \"I'm sorry\" he began \"I got over excited. I should have asked...\" \"When do you want to move in?\" Bruce interrupted. \"You can move in tonight if you want but if you would rather wait for a couple of weeks then that's fine.\" He smiled at the look on Jack's face. \"You mean it?\" the clown prince of crime whispered. \"Yes I do\" the dark knight replied with a laugh. \"Oh Batsy!\" Jack cried as he threw his arms around the billionaire's neck. \"I'll go and get my stuff now. Oh, I can't wait to tell Harley. This is brilliant.\" Grinning like idiots they got into the back of the limo with Robin. \"Alfred, take us to Joker's warehouse then home\" Bruce instructed. \"Ok, I'll be back in 10 minutes tops\" Jack called, jumping out of the car. He dashed in through the front door then screeched to a halt. The whole gang, with Harley stood in front, was crammed into the sitting room. \"Tell us everything\" demanded Harley as she pointed at the tv. The screen was paused on a blurred photo of Jack and Bruce kissing under the caption \"Who is billionaires mystery man?\" Jack grinned. \"Well\" he said, trying to act calm \"he asked me out to dinner. We kissed, he told me he loved me and then asked me I wanted to move in with him. I said right now.\" There was an awed silence them \"Oh Boo-boo! I'm so happy for you\" Harley screamed as she pulled him into a hug. The others clapped and cheered. Condiments King sent squirts of ketchup and mustard flying in all directions out of excitement. \"Come on, lets get packing\" Jack beamed, grabbing Harley by the hand. Bruce was stood next to the car waiting. He looked up when he heard the door to the warehouse open but his face went pale when he saw the gang of super villains marching towards him. \"You listen to me\" Harley snapped, getting right up in Bruce's face. \"You take good care of our Puddin' you hear me? If we find out that you're not treating him right then we'll make you regret it for the rest of your life and no amount of Bat-gadgets will be able to save you.\" There were sounds of agreement from the rest of the group. Bruce looked over at Jack. Jack blinked up at him happily, obviously enjoying being centre of attention. \"He'll be safe with me\" Bruce promised. Harley beamed and joined their hands. \"Good luck you guys\" she said and, with parting waves, the gang headed back to the warehouse without another word. Jack sighed happily as they sped towards Wayne manor a few minutes later. He felt so peaceful, curled up in the back of the limo with his new family. Robin had finally fallen asleep, his arms wrapped around Jack's waist. Whether Bruce was asleep or not it was impossible to say. He had his arms wrapped tight around his boyfriend and his face as buried in Jack's hair. Jack nuzzled into Bruce, wrapping his arms around his big, handsome bat. It was in that blissfully happy moment that he was finally able to think clearly. Smiling to himself he carefully extracted his phone from his pocket and dialled Harley's number. \"Hey there girl buddy. I've just had the greatest idea for robbing the bank. Do you want in?\" The end. ","Summary":" Joker sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. It was 4:30 in the morning and he couldn't sleep"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Bonne année 2018 !","Author":"EcrirePourVivre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12782660","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonne année 2018 ! SALUT BANDE DE RIDEAUX EN DENTELLES BLANC Voici la toute première fanfic de cette année 2018 sur ce site ! Elle est terriblement fluff. Désolée. Peut-être pas très drôle non plus. Mais, bon ! Qui ne rêve pas de commencer l'année avec une histoire dégoulinante de bon sentiment ? Ce qui est drôle, c'est que cet OS peut-être un peu nul est la première fanfiction française de Lego Batman. MERCI POUR CETTE REPRESENTATION, LA FRANCE TE REMERCIE ! Je vous souhaite malgré tout une très bonne lecture. Pardonnez moi. BOUM Dans un torrent de briques multicolores et de flammes en plastiques, le bâtiment central de la ville de Gotham explosa. Les habitants s'époumonèrent en cris inutiles, courant un peu partout dans les rues, perdant parfois couvre-chef, main, ou même jambes. Un grand rire hystérique trancha l'air, alors que le Joker se juchait sur une voiture accidentée dont le pneu roulait au sol. « Magnifique, Pudding ! » s'enthousiasma Harley, exécutant une périlleuse figure sur roller. « Je sais, je sais, » se rengorgea le Prince du Crime. Le clown leva la tête, plissa les yeux, sonda le ciel noir. Pas l'ombre d'une chauve-souris. « Il est en retard, » gronda-t-il. « Je n'en reviens pas ! Quel manque de politesse ! » Il shoota dans une brique lego qui traînait. « Après tout le mal que je me suis donné ! » Comme pour approuver, une nouvelle explosion retentit, envoyant valser l'affiche publicitaire du magasin King Jouet. Les pans de son manteau violet frémirent d'indignation. « Il est toujours en retard, » le rassura Harley. « Ça ne veut pas dire qu'il ne viendra pas ! Surtout pour une telle occasion. » A ces mots, les deux points noirs qui servaient d'yeux au Joker s'illuminèrent de myriade de bulles blanches. « Très juste ! » Il s'assit sur une fontaine, ignorant la cascade de rond bleus en plastique que le jet cassé faisait rebondir sur son crâne. « A nous de nous montrer patient, dans ce cas ! » Sa meilleure amie l'applaudit à tout rompre en retour, un grand sourire illuminant son visage. ooOooOooOoo « Il ne viendra pas, » se lamenta le Joker, morose. Harley ne répondit pas, faisant tristement balancer son énorme marteau devant elle. Le clown se renversa sur le dos, étendant les bras dans une posture dramatique. Son regard balaya la rue dévastée, et pourtant résolument vide de tout présence encapée. « Trois heures ! » s'époumona le Prince du Crime. « Trois heures de longue attente, et il ne vient pas ! » Il se laissa tomber au sol, dans un POC sonore. « Après tout le mal que je me suis donné ! » Il roula sur lui-même, écrasant son visage au sol. « Je suis SI désemparé ! » Harley se laissa tomber à ses côtés, l'air à la fois concernée et vaguement ennuyée. « Il ne faut pas dire ça, choupinou. Il aura oublié… ou bien, il aura été occupé à autre chose. » Le Joker se redressa presque magiquement, les sourcils terriblement froncés. « C'est encore PIRE. » Il s'étala sur le dos. « S'il m'a oublié -moi ! Son pire ennemi ! – pour regarder ses vieux films dégoulinant de romantisme, alors notre RELATION n'a aucun sens ! » Il se cacha le visage d'un bras, poussant un SIGH sonore. « Ma vie est un GOUFFRE de désespoir ! » Harley lui tapota le tibia gauche. « Mais non, pudding… il sera sûrement navré de ne pas être venu, tu verras. » Elle n'eut pas d'autre réponse qu'un nouveau SIGH. « … Peut-être serait-il préférable de rentrer, maintenant, » proposa-t-elle. « Mon désarroi est bien trop immense pour me permettre de marcher, » marmonna le clown. L'ancienne psychiatre cligna plusieurs fois des yeux. « Tant pis. » Elle se saisit du pied déprimé qui gisait au sol. « Tu ne peux pas rester là tout la nuit, de toute façon ! » Elle le traîna sur quelques mètres, ignorant les « aïe » répétés et peu convaincu qu'émettait le Joker lorsque sa tête heurtait une brique. « Batsy, » geint-il bientôt. « Où es-tu ? » ooOooOooOoo Le Joker sauta les deux dernières marches, morose et déprimé. Harley l'avait déposé en bas de son immeuble. Et était partie. L'abandonnant à son triste sort. Pour aller festoyer avec Poison Ivy. Qui, elle, n'avait pas l'outrecuidance d'abandonner les gens dans de telles occasions. Batman était un rustre, voilà. Il tourna la poignée de son appartement, fit quelques pas à l'intérieur. Il était un pauvre être misérable, d'abord. Il appuya sur l'interrupteur. Et tout s'illumina. En particulier la banderole fluorescente clamant HAPPY NEW YEAR qui était miraculeusement apparue dans son salon. « … Eh ? » ooOooOooOoo Batman roulait-boulait sur le tapis de son immense salon, boudeur. Ce soir, il était tout seul, vraiment tout seul. Il y a quelques temps, il aurait trouvé ça fantastique et aurait organisé une grande fête en profitant de l'absence d'Alfred. Mais avec toutes ces nouvelles bullshits familiales, il se sentait surtout très seul, à fêter la veille du Nouvel An dans un manoir ridiculement grand et vide. Barbara avait emmené Dick festoyer avec le vieux commissaire Gordon. Alfred se la coulait douce au Seychelles. Et lui, il piquait une crise d'enfant gâté, en solitaire. Il tendit la main vers la télécommande, appuya sur le bouton. Sa télévision murale s'alluma immédiatement, projetant des ombres bleutés sur le néant de sa solitude. « Je propose d'arrêter les métaphores, tout de suite, » gronda-t-il de sa voix d'outre-tombe. L'auteur baissa la tête. Le présentateur à la coupe impeccable, tout sourire, souhaitait un très joyeux Nouvel An, et déclarait entre deux clins d'œil pailletés de charisme que ses chers concitoyens feraient bien d'éviter le centre-ville de Gotham, puisque le Joker était occupé à tout y faire exploser. Batman se redressa un peu, songeur. En fait, il n'était pas vraiment seul. Il y avait bien une personne qui était là, et qui l'attendait probablement pour fêter le Nouvel An avec une bonne baston. Mais ce soir, le justicier n'avait pas envie de se battre. Pas dans cette occasion, non. Mais, par contre, il était tout à fait prêt à rendre une petite visite à son némésis. Une visite de COURTOISIE. Avec des CHOCOLATS. Un plan machiavélique lui traversa l'esprit. OoOooOooOoo Il avait bien mis deux heures à tout préparer mais tout était parfait. Excepté la fenêtre qu'il avait dû casser pour rentrer, MAIS PASSONS. Le Joker ne devrait pas tarder à revenir, maintenant, probablement dépité par l'insuccès de sa tentative de fête explosive. Pour la énième fois, Batman replaça la banderole. Il se sentait un peu bête, maintenant. Certes, il y a quelques heures, il était tout seul dans un grand manoir. Mais maintenant, il était tout seul dans un appartement tout noir, avec une boîte de chocolat emballée « artistiquement » et une banderole un peu moisie. Un bruit le fit tressaillir. Il se redressa, se figea, et se fondit dans la pénombre. Quelqu'un grommelait devant la porte d'entrée, tout en cherchant vraisemblablement ses clés. Le justicier retint son souffle, se glissa dans un coin, tout près de l'entrée. La porte s'ouvrit en grand il distingua une silhouette ébouriffée qui s'avançait d'un pas las. Dans un petit « clic ! », la lumière fut. Le Joker cligna des yeux, puis ouvrit une bouche ébahie. « … Eh ? » ooOooOooOoo Le regard du clown balaya son salon, les yeux exorbités. Sous la banderole était placé un paquet cadeau emballé dans un joyeux chaos, surmonté d'une petite carte gribouillée. Il s'avança à tout petit pas. Une main se posa sur son épaule. Il se retourna immédiatement, avec un bond de trois mètres et un cri de fillette. « … Batsy ! » couina-t-il, la main sur le cœur. Il fut presque sûr de voir la chauve-souris sourire. Il se laissa tomber sur le canapé, avec un nouveau POC. « Surprise, » marmonna le justicier de sa voix rauque. Le Joker cligna -blink blink blink- des yeux, jetant de nouveaux regards aux alentours. Sa fenêtre était complètement détruite. Le sol constellé de bout de verre en plastique et de ronds marrons gadouilleux. La banderole clignotait maintenant joyeusement, et entama une très vieille chanson de bonne année. Il se mordit la lèvre inférieure, les yeux embués. « C'est pour ça que tu n'es pas venu, » murmura-t-il d'une toute petite voix. « Je n'avais pas envie de me battre, ce soir, » se justifia Batman. Il se saisit de « l'intéressant » paquet cadeau, et le lui tendit. « Je me disais, » reprit-il, « que ce serait peut-être même mieux de passer cette soirée… ensemble. En toute haine, bien sûr. » « Bien sûr, » sourit timidement -timidement ? Gasp- le Joker, s'emparant du paquet. Le clown se releva, des paillettes pleins le regard. « Et moi qui croyait que tu m'avais posé un lapin, Batsy ! » « Aourf, » fit la chauve-souris, quand le Prince du Crime l'étouffa dans son étreinte. Le Joker s'éloigna presque aussitôt, sautillant un peu partout dans son salon. « Je te hais tellement, » s'émerveilla le clown, les joues rougissantes. « Je te hais plus encore, » répondit Batman. La montre du criminel émit un BIP sonore, avant de commencer un compte à rebours. « Bonne année, » croassa la voix artificielle. « BONNE ANNEE 2018 ! » s'époumona le Joker. Il s'approcha de la chauve-souris, et- « Bon, ça suffit, » fit Batman, cachant l'objectif de la caméra de sa main gauche. « Le spectacle est finit, chers lecteurs. Retournez donc à vos Champomy. La suite ne vous concerne pas. Vous êtes bien sûr libre d'observer ces trois dernières lettres -consonne, voyelle, consonne- si vous le souhaitez : FIN. » FIN Parce que toute les fanfictions finissent ainsi. ","Summary":" Bonne année 2018 ! SALUT BANDE DE RIDEAUX EN DENTELLES BLANC Voici la toute première fanfic de cett"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"My Kid","Author":"stupidfinewriterchick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12401278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Being a dad is so weird. But it's also kinda cool. It's really cool, actually. Decidedly, very cool. But still weird. Because with these newfound parental responsibilities come all these strange and newfound parental emotions that were once completely foreign to Bruce. He can't even explain what these emotions are, only the moments when they suddenly blossom in his chest. Like when a mission leads them to an old abandoned and slightly scary warehouse, it's the way the kid inches closer and closer to Bruce the further in they go, until he's practically right under him, asking in a shaky voice, \"W-what's Batman's policy on holding h-hands?\" Bruce's first instinct is to blow a raspberry and defiantly assure him that hand-holding is not part of Batman's regime. But one look at the kid, who trembles and shakes with fear, and all Bruce can do is sigh and take his small hand into his own. Driving the kid to school every morning isn't a part of Batman's regime either, but Alfred is adamant. And so when Bruce drags himself out of bed, barely awake, and drives his little Lego Lamborghini to the school, it's the way the kid excitedly bounces in his seat before hopping out of the car with a quick, \"Bye, dad!\" and running off. Bruce calls, \"Bye, kid!\" in return, a smile tugging at his lips, and on his way home, he hums a little to himself, deciding that perhaps it won't be so bad to do this every morning. At the end of a long and eventful day, it's the way the kid slouches in his seat at the dinner table, snoring softly, still fully dressed in his superhero costume. \"It's your own fault, Master Bruce,\" Alfred chimes with a barely concealed smirk. \"You were the one who told him he didn't have a bedtime.\" \"Ha ha,\" Bruce says with a roll of his eyes. Then he hefts the kid into his arms and carries him to bed, the kid's head resting on his shoulder. When the curtain falls, it's how loudly Bruce claps and cheers, and how the kid grins from ear to ear, catching his eye and offering the tiniest of waves as he and the other children take a bow. The other kids are mediocre at best, but his kid excels. He catches the thought as soon as it pops into his head. His kid. He smiles. My kid. It's how fast he runs, heart hammering in his chest. It's the forced optimism in the kid's voice as he's precariously dangled over a pool of molten lava, lowered slowly, inch by inch. It's the primal instinct that kicks in as Bruce makes a running dive, flying so low that the tip of his cape singes and burns. He slams into the kid, arms wrapping around him, and uses his jet pack to fly them to safety. \"Oh gosh, oh my gosh, are you okay? Are you hurt? Did you get burned?\" The words spill out of his mouth as he dances around the kid, checking for any sign of injury. \"I'm fine! I'm not hurt!\" is the slightly muffled reply as Bruce maneuvers the kid's head around, checking for a concussion or a contusion or any kind of head trauma that could potentially cause brain damage. Only when he's totally convinced that the kid is truly unharmed does he wrap him in the biggest hug he's ever given in his entire life, ignoring the kid's cry surprise, ignoring Barbara's reminder that they need to keep moving, ignoring everything else around them. Please, just give him a moment. Because he needs this moment. He needs to convey all the worry and fear and relief and joy into this one, simple physical contact. Because he almost lost him. His kid. My kid. My son. \"Are you sure you're okay?\" he asks, pulling away one more time and looking into the kid's largely magnified eyes. \"Of course I am, dad!\" is the kid's cheerful reply, completely unfazed by the near-death experience, and he chases after Barbara, leaving Bruce to stand frozen and watch him leave. Bruce takes a shaky breath. Releases a heavy one. Then he joins them, returning the kid's smile as they run side by side, his words still echoing in his brain. Dad. Dad. I'm this kid's dad. This kid is my son. Wow. This is so weird. But it's nice. ","Summary":" Being a dad is so weird. But it's also kinda cool. It's really cool, actually. Decidedly, very cool"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Knightmare","Author":"Literaturefangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12431818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] That's how it starts. A kick, cries of horror and a sudden feeling of warmth that turn sleeping men awake. \"Padre!\" Robin kicked the door to Bruce's bedroom wide open and came running inside. \"Huh?! Wha- what's happening? Is the house being set on fire again?!\" Bruce suddenly rose from his bed, as he felt a warm presence pressing against his leg. The darkness of the night giving him no clue as to what was happening. Turning on the lamp on his bedside table, Bruce saw that the source of the warmth was coming from his adopted son Robin, who had snuck under the covers of his bed. \"Robin! What are you doing in my bed in the middle of the night? I was dreaming about nachos!\" Bruce asked, annoyed by the sudden interruption. \"I had a nightmare that I was gone and you were all gloomy and beat up criminals without mercy because of me! \" Robin spoke rapidly, fear rising in his voice. Upset by the thought that he was responsible for Batman's new and cruel brand of justice. \"Yeah… I'm going to need Alfred on this one.\" Bruce, realizing his shortcomings admitted out loud and reached for a walkie-talkie sitting on the bedside table. \"Alfred, do you read me? Over.\" Bruce pressed a red button and spoke into the walkie-talkie with a hushed tone. \"Loud and clear, sir. How may I be of assistance?\" Alfred calmly responded, offering his help. \"Robin had a nightmare. He's in my bed and I don't know what to do!\" Bruce told him urgently, sounding unsure as to what to do next. \"Have you tried giving him a hug and reassuring him with comforting words?\" Alfred suggested with his usual dry tone. \"Alfred! That's a great idea! Thank you!\" Bruce thanked Alfred for his useful suggestion. He would have to add that one to the good ideas made by other people list later. \"Happy to be of service, sir.\" Setting the walkie-talkie back on the table, Bruce turned towards a tearful Robin and embraced him. \"It was only a dream Robin, I would never go that far! Or let anything bad happen to you!\" \"Thank you, Papa!\" Robin's voice rose, as he expressed his gratitude for the man he had come to know as Dad. \"Listen, Robin. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to pretend that nightmare never happened and then Alfred is going to bring us some milk and cookies. How does that sound?\" Bruce demonstrated his prowess for quick thinking by giving Robin a plan to lift his spirits. \"That sounds swell, Dad!\" Robin praised the idea. The dated word making Bruce smile. \"Alfred, we're going to need some milk and cookies, ASAP!\" Bruce ordered over the walkie-talkie. \"Right away, sir!\" Alfred responded and arrived at the bedroom shortly after. \"Milk and cookies, sir. As you requested.\" \"Thank you, older dad!\" Robin thanked Alfred as he approached the bed holding a glass of milk in one hand and a plate of cookies in the other. Manners aside for a moment, Robin took a bite out of a cookie and asked with his mouth full. \"Bruce, is it OK if I eat past my bedtime?\" \"Sure it is!\" Bruce exclaimed, seeing no problem with that. \"Aren't you forgetting something, Master Bruce?\" Alfred gave Bruce a friendly reminder, hoping he would take some initiative with some pro-active parenting. \"Uh… don't leave crumbs on the bed?\" \"No.\" \"Wipe our milk moustaches after drinking?\" \"No.\" \"I should leave the last cookie for my son?\" \"Yes, for the last one, but I was thinking more of teaching Master Robin responsibility for his actions.\" Alfred gave Bruce a clue, waiting for a response. \"Regarding dental hygiene .\" Alfred elaborated when Bruce still didn't understand. \"Oh! Now I get it!\" Bruce realized what Alfred was getting at. \"That's the spirit!\" \"You can eat the cookies Robin, as you long as you brush your teeth after. You'll need bright, shiny teeth like your old man if you want to appear on magazine covers.\" Bruce gave Robin his permission and flashed him a smile to prove a point. Alfred shook his head at Bruce's unique reasoning. \"Look at me! I'm Alfred!\" \"Now I'm Alfred, too!\" But it made the old butler smile to see his two sons sharing a happy moment together by making milk moustaches, even if was at his own expense. I love throwing shade at BvS, don't you? That's why it had to be the source of Robin's nightmare in the fluffy, nightmare one-shot I wanted to write after watching the film. ","Summary":" That's how it starts. A kick, cries of horror and a sudden feeling of warmth that turn sleeping men"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Lego Batman Movie Joker x Harley Fanfic","Author":"WeirdShipper199","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] chapter 1 Hey! Just a heads up, I am new to this site, never wrote a fanfic, might be weird, grammar might be horrible! And here it goes!... Harley POV She was standing by her puddin's side, admiring his joyful smile... She sighed thinking to herself Ain't my puddin just the greatest?... She sighed once again... The Joker and Harley were on a stage lit in colors of green, blue, and purple, and yellow. Batman was chained up, hanging upside down just above a tank of toxic waste.. Joker: Heres a game of guessing, you get the right answer, your free. But, answer the questions wrong, you die! I'll give you THREE Questions! Batman made an angry looking face clenching his teeth together, the Joker pulled out three cards from his pocket and started to read them. Joker: Question number One! What is my favorite weapon I like to use against you? The Joker grinned, Harley faced batman and smirked while one of her arms wrapped around the Joker's neck. Batman: Easy, Joker Venom. Joker's smile disapeared. Joker: That was an easy question anyways!.. Now! For the Second question! What is Harley's favorite outfit?.. Harley looked at her puddin, she was confused, after a second she looked at the next card he held in his hand and realized that he gave him a hard question because the other question was easier than the first question. She smirked again... Batman frowned a bit.. Batman: Her... Her Jester costume... Harley's eyes widened, she was a little shocked that he got the answer right, she usaully wears different outfits now and then, but the one oufit she adored the most was her jester costume... Harley Quinn: Y- Your, your right... Joker moaned in anger, he turned to Harley. Joker: You idiot! Why did you say that! You could've said it was the nurse one! Harley Quinn: W-wow mistah J, I would've if you told me you like that one.. She said with a concerned tone... The Joker was angry, he swong his arm back and slapped Harley in the face, Harley fell to the ground, laying down in pain, she then past out... Joker POV Joker: Now, Batsy back to our little game. Question Three!... He read his last card he held in his hand, he thought This question is too easy, I have to think of something smarter... He then thought of a question... Joker: Last question! What is the newest invention I am going to make?.. He started laughing... Batman POV He started looking around clenching his teeth tight together... He spotted blue prints of a weapon on a little brown vintage table that had a little toxic waste on it. He read out the words Joker's laughing toxic bomb.. Batman: Is it... Joker's Laughing Toxic Bomb?... The Joker stopped laughing, he frowned angrily... Joker: H- How did you know!? He noticed that he left his blue prints of the weapon on the little table. He was very mad. Joker: You cheated Batsy! Just for that! Your going to die! HAHAHAHAHAAA! The Joker pressed the button then Batman started lowering into the tank... That's it for now! Please Review! Byeeee! ","Summary":" chapter 1 Hey! Just a heads up, I am new to this site, never wrote a fanfic, might be weird, gramma"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Kiss Me","Author":"Sunny1Side1Up","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12405980","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *This is real-world AU because as much as I'm okay with shipping two blocks of plastic, it's waaaay too hard to write without sounding more ridiculous than it needs to. Enjoy!~ When Bruce awoke, he was vaguely aware of a warm force pressing down on his chest. His groggy mind went to the most likely explanation: Dick had had another nightmare and had crawled into bed with him. \"Morning, buddy,\" he mumbled, opening his eyes with a yawn. His heart nearly stopped in his chest as his gaze fell on the person partially on top of him: the Joker. His green shock of hair stuck up in all directions, and a tiny blob of drool had slid from the corner of his mouth as he snored, threatening to plop onto Batman's chest. Bruce just barely managed to restrain himself from letting out a yelp and leaping away as the events of the night before came crashing back into his memory. Bruce let out a soft groan as color rose to his cheeks. He was an idiot, and now he had to find a way to escape this mess. First of all, he had to get out of here. Bruce tried to ease away, but the Joker let out a little mumbled whimper in his sleep and tightened his grip around him. Bruce froze. He couldn't have the Joker wake up. Not right now, not like this. Not when the only article of clothing both of them had on were briefs . But that didn't change the fact that he needed to get out of here, and fast. Bruce reached up and slipped his hands over both of the Joker's warm, limp wrists before gently easing them from where they circled his chest and shifting them down to his sides. He slid the Joker's torso and head off of him and onto the bed as gently and smoothly as possible, only allowing himself to breathe when the Joker was peacefully snoring away on the bed beside him. Bruce rolled out of bed and padded into the bathroom. He clicked the door shut behind him before clawing off his mask. He leaned over the bathroom counter, gripping the sides of the sink with white-knuckled fingers. A jolt of alarm ran through him as he noticed a red smear of lipstick staining his chest where the Joker's head had lain moments before, and he frantically turned on the tap to splash the freezing water on it, then on his face for good measure. No matter how much he scrubbed, the lipstick only faded into a pink smudge, stubbornly refusing to go away completely. Bruce ran a hand through his tangle of jet-black hair. He'd regretted a one-night stand before, but this? This took that to a whole new level. He groaned and slumped forward so that his forehead rested on the cool surface of his bathroom mirror. In order to sort through the jumble of emotions clouding his mind, he supposed he should go back the the beginning and figure out how he'd gotten into this mess. With that, he allowed his thoughts to shift to the events of the night before. Batman faced the Joker on the threshold of Wayne Manor. He'd finally managed to corner his enemy, and he wasn't letting him get away now. \"Hand over the detonator, Jokes.\" Batman extended his hand towards his nemesis expectantly. \"Now.\" \"What, this detonator? The one that can trigger the bomb inside of the orphanage? Whatever do you want to do with it?\" \"Just give it to me, and things don't have to get ugly,\" Batman said through gritted teeth. The Joker casually leaned against the front door of the mansion. \"Mmm, I'll hand it over on one condition.\" Batman rolled his eyes. \"And what's that?\" \"Kiss me.\" Batman blinked, completely taken aback. \" What ?\" \"You heard me, Bats.\" The Joker leaned forward and repeated, almost purring, \"kiss me.\" \"I'm not going to kiss you!\" \"You sure? Let me repeat your options: sit by and let me detonate this, or give me one tiny smooch.\" The Joker looked up at him with a little smirk, his finger lightly tapping the button. \"What'll it be, Batsy?\" \"Oh, for Pete's sake,\" Bruce growled in annoyance. In one swift motion, he reached up and snatched the wrist of the hand with the detonator while simultaneously slamming his lips into the Joker's. In that moment, the world screeched to a halt. Bruce had expected to give him a peck and be done with the whole thing before the Joker could try any of the funny business he obviously had to have planned, but he found that he didn't want to. The Joker's lips were surprisingly soft and inviting. He didn't mash them against his mouth or try to force his tongue down his throat like some of the girls he'd made out with before. Instead, they gently moved against his with a warm, soft pressure that made his own lips tingle with pleasure. Focus, Bruce . He silently admonished himself before concentrating on the task at hand. Batman worked the detonator from the Joker's fingers as his foe gradually loosened his grip on the rectangle. Once Batman had it, he stumbled back with a gasp, whirling around in fear that the Joker would somehow be able to see the red-hot blush violently pulsing from his cheeks from below the mask. He'd liked that. How had he liked that?! Desperate to busy himself, Bruce flipped the detonator over and opened up its back. Within moments, he had thoroughly dismantled it and tossed it aside. \"Sooo,\" The Joker leaned over Batman's shoulder and murmured in his ear, \"What now?\" \"Now I arrest you and...\" \"Sounds fun,\" the Joker crooned seductively. Bruce slapped a hand over his forehead. \"You know what? Just... just leave. I'll capture you some other time.\" \"I don't know if I'm done with you yet, though.\" \"Well, I do.\" Bruce moved to open the door to his mansion, only to have the Joker snatch his shoulder and spin him around, slamming his back up against the shut door and leaning forward with an almost-shy smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. \"You said it yourself, Batsy. You hate me. You admitted that somewhere deep in here,\" he traced a finger in lazy circles over Batman's chest, \"there's a fire burning for me. A scorching, red-hot passion. A consuming hatred . I feel the same for you. Don't you get how close that is to love?\" \"N-no!\" Bruce stammered out. \"That's the complete opposite of love!\" \"Is it? I'm pretty sure the complete opposite of love is apathy. But you don't have apathy towards me; you feel something. That's all I need to know.\" Bruce curled his fingers around the knot of the Joker's tie, pulled him in close to make sure he heard every word. \"Look. I don't do this, okay? I'm into girls. Now cut it out and leave before I change my mind about turning you in.\" \"Puh-leese! If you aren't bisexual, then I'm not gay. It's pretty obvious. Look, I'll go if you want. The question is,\" the Joker batted his eyelashes, \"do you really want me to?\" Bruce opened his mouth to respond in the affirmative, but something held him back. Looking down at his arch enemy, he felt something hot and longing build in his chest, something that he'd never let himself feel before. He bit his lip in frustration before growling out, \"dammit.\" The Joker's eyes lit up excitedly as he sang out, \"I kneeeew it!\" \"Keep it down, will you?\" A flustered blush rose to Bruce's cheeks as he slipped a house key from his suit and fumbled with the front door. \"Oh, right. Sorry. Don't want to wake up the kid.\" The Joker climbed onto Batman's back as if it was something he did all the time and whispered loudly, \"Is Bruce Wayne okay with you using his mansion?\" \"Yeah. He's, uh, out of town. I let him use the Batcave downstairs all the time, so it's cool.\" Bruce stepped into his mansion, the Joker still clinging onto him as he shut the door behind him. \"Think you could get off of my back?\" \"Like this?\" The Joker slid around so that he was facing Bruce, arms slung around Batman's neck and legs wrapped around his waist. \"Not exactly what I had in-mmph!\" The Joker cut him off by leaning forward and pulling him into a deep, passionate kiss. This time, Bruce let himself return the affection as he blindly made his way to the closest guest bedroom and nudged open the door with his shoulder. He walked forward until the foot of the bed connected with his knee. With that, he released the Joker onto the sheets and planted a hand on either side of his face. \"Now what?\" he panted slightly, out of breath from the kissing. \"C'mon, Batsy.\" The Joker laughed softly. \"I think you know the answer to that.\" Bump . Bruce was jolted from the memory by a muffled sound from the other room. Shit. That couldn't mean anything good. He snatched a bathrobe hanging from a hook by the sink and quickly threw it over himself, then tugged on his mask before bursting into the room and scanning his surroundings. The room was empty, only the tangled bedsheets and the fluttering curtains of the open window by the bed evidence of what had taken place. A flash of color caught Batman's eye, and he edged towards the bed to discover that it was a single joker card, slightly bent and written on with pen. Batman snatched it up and scanned the messy scrawl of jagged lettering: Had fun last night. I might have to almost destroy Gotham sometime for a round 2. Xoxo, ur worst enemy ❤❤❤ Bruce shook his head as his shoulders quaked with silent laughter and the tension he'd felt all morning slowly eased. Only if you're lucky, Jokes. Only if you're lucky. ","Summary":" *This is real-world AU because as much as I'm okay with shipping two blocks of plastic, it's waaaay"},{"Movie":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","Title":"Crouching Soldier, Hidden Fantasy","Author":"Spinechicken","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1406472","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Crouching Soldier, Hidden Fantasyn STORY CONTENT, BAR ALL REFERENCES FROM CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON ARE COPYRIGHT TO SPINECHICKEN. DON'T COPY, USE YOUR OWN IMAGINATION! Putting a new, modern, western twist to the great film. Chapter One: \"Where Am I?\" \"Bravo Five, say again\" Corporal Jack Dalton popped his head up from behind the log he was using asncover, and fired a quick burst of rounds from his M4. Ducking behind thenlog as the Chinese soldiers tried to get him; he put the radio ear peace tonhis ear. \"This is Bravo Five, my squad is dead, pinned down by heavy fire in thenfoothills east of Beijing, think I've found the terrorist camp..\" He paused to use the break in the Chinese fire to pop out and take somenmore shots, killing one poor soldier who was reloading. \"Request backupnimmediately\" Dalton threw the ear peace away, and it slammed against thendead body of the radio operator. He fired another burst of rounds, and thennhis gun gave a dry click. \"Damnit\" he muttered, throwing the rifle away, and picking up the radionoperators \"Sorry buddy\" he grinned, and fired again. He ducked down asnanother hail of bullets hit the log. Then, suddenly, a bright flash ofnlight illuminated the area he had set down in. He felt beams of light stingnhis whole body, and soon pain overcame him, and he blacked out. Slowly, but surely, ambient noise began to work its way back into his ears.nHe could hear the twitter of birds and the creek of the tall pine trees. Hencould feel the wind lifting up the shirt of his uniform, and the blood ofnhis comrades sticking to his body. As shapes slowly became defined, Daltonnrealised he wasn't dead. He picked himself up and looked around. Samenforest, same light. Yet something was different. He pulled the empty clip out of the weapon, and picked up all the clips hencould find, quickly stoving them into his bandolier. Then he took a momentnas he realised that the shooting had stopped. He moved up slowly to take anpeek above the log. The forest was empty. \"What the..\" Where had all the soldiers gone? His first thought was that his forces hadnflown over and machine-gunned them, but there were no bodies. And thenoddest thing was, there were no bullet holes, either in the surroundingntrees or the log he was using for cover. All the spent cartridges hadnvanished. He reached for the radio \"Bravo Five to Eagle, come in over\" There was no response, not even the crackle of radio waves. Dalton triednagain \"Bravo Five to Eagle, you guys messing me around again, over\" again therenwas nothing. Dalton dropped the ear peace and stood up, his brow furrowing. \"Where am I?\" Dalton took a moment to think about what he should do. Firstly, he coverednover the bodies of his comrades, taking their dog tags. Then he decided thenbest course of action was to make his way back into Beijing and hook upnwith either the Chinese or American Special Forces command in the cityncentre. Picking up the M4, and taking a swig from his water bottle, henstepped forward into the forest.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Discoveries By the time Dalton had got into the outskirts of Beijing it was alreadyndark. He'd racked his brains on the way down as to what could havenhappened; yet all possible outcomes escaped him. He'd come to the land ofndragons as part of a joint US-Chinese special force operation to quellnterrorists who were threatening to bomb the US and China. He'd lookednforward to the op for a while. Firstly, he'd watched too many Chinese filmsnback home, probably thanks to his ex-girlfriend. Secondly, he'd never leftnthe States, and the opportunity to explore another country, even in combat,nwas rare to refuse. And finally, he was relatively fluent in Mandarin,ntaught to him by his father, who had been a CIA operative in China in then60s and 70s. But when things started getting nasty, he had forgotten about discovery.nThe terrorists were ruthless, using civilians as human shields,nslaughtering downed soldiers. When he and his squad had gone scouting innthe foothills they never expected the volume of fire they had encountered.nHe was looking forward to laying in a soft bunk and getting drunk so hencould ignore the pangs of sadness that hit him every time he thought of hisndead friends. The oddities that had started since his awakening in the forest hadn'tnstopped though. When he'd got in a position to overlook the city, it lookednremarkably underdeveloped. He couldn't see any tower blocks, or roads. Henfigured it was just his eyesight. But as he walked through the outskirts,nother things startled him. There were no people, no streetlights or cars,nno noise of traffic. Dalton rounded a corner to find a man threatening a woman with a rathernvicious-looking knife. He was screaming at her in Chinese, telling her tongive him money. He cried, \"Hey buddy\" The man looked and his eyes filled with fear. He dropped the knife and ran.nHe didn't think twice about this, a fully camped Special Forces soldiernwould look scary. But the woman also ran away, screaming \"monster, monster\"nThings were definitely getting weirder. He continued walking and entered anmassive courtyard. \"Whoa, I've never seen this before\" Dust whipped across the open area, there were carts abandoned at some ofnthe edges. It was eerily silent. He dropped down on one knee and reachednfor his water bottle. He took a last swig as the bottle ran empty. He hadnfelt really dehydrated since he awoke and it was beginning to bother him.nBefore he could even through the bottle away however, action erupted innfront of him. A woman wearing grey, and a black masked fighter literally flew down fromnabove the courtyard and into the area. Both turned to face each other, andnthen engaged in martial arts combat. Dalton watched, entranced by thisndance of death. It wasn't until it started getting rough he decided tonintervene. As the woman in grey grabbed the masked intruder, Dalton loaded his weaponnand in his best Mandarin shouted \"HEY!\" The two looked, and both stoppednfighting. The masked intruder then let out a womanly scream and leapt off,nflying away like he had never seen. The woman in grey took a step towardnhim. He levelled his weapon at her, but it didn't seem to stop her, likenshe didn't know what it could do. \"Hold it right there\" he said \"Calm, calm\" she responded \"I AM CALM!\" he shouted, before realising he was doing it.n\"Are you alright?\" she said, looking oddly at him \"I'm fine, now who the hell are you?\" She stopped, steadying herself in case he was going to attack. \"My name is Shu Lien\" she replied, at least that's what Dalton thought shensaid. It was too late for him to make his mind up however, as a hard objectnstruck him in the back of the head. As he went down he fired his weapon atnthe distance, and the last thing he heard was a scream.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Little Swords Hours, maybe days later, Dalton slowly awoke from his deep sleep. Lightnslowly filled his eyeballs, making the reddish hue of the eyelids becomenmore apparent. Dalton could hear voices, Chinese voices. They were talkingntoo fast for the words to form. Slowly but surely he opened his left eye.nHis M4 and equipment pouches were laid out on a table, and in the doorwaynwas the woman in grey and a soldier, who had a mean looking sword in anscabbard by his side. The two looked over in his direction, so Daltonnsnapped his eye shut. \"Gotta get my weapon\" he thought. His head ached, and he could feel the pillow was soaked with blood fromnthe slash on his head. He snapped his eyelid open again, the two had gone.nInstantly Dalton leapt up , grabbed the M4 from the table in a perfectlynexecuted roll and sighted it at the door. No-one was around, though in thendistance there was the creak of floorboards as feet walked away from thenroom. Dalton slung the M4 and raced quietly out of the room. The daylight was blinding. The sun shone down like an almighty torch in hisneyes and the heat was burning. Dalton covered his eyes and checked ahead.nThere was no-one about, so he raced across the open courtyard of the house,nducking behind a wooden panel. He checked his back, then turned too peernthrough the pattern in the wall at the two women inside. The sun madenpatterns through the open wall. He could see the woman in grey talking to ansmaller, younger woman. Concentrating hard, he managed to piece togethernwhat they were saying \"Do you have any idea where he came from?\" \"Judging from his facial features, he is a westerner, but he wears verynstrange clothes for a westerner, and that strange metallic thing he wasnholding.\" Dalton smirked to himself. He ignored the persistent almost bird-like speaknof the two women and looked at the décor and design of the houses andnrooms. From what he could tell, this was most certainly not the present,nmore like sometime in the past. But when was it? Dalton puzzled over thisnbefore relaxing his injured left leg against the wooden panel. What henhadn't realised was his portable CD player was in there. The wood causednthe \"play\" function to be depressed, and instantly his CD began to play.nHeavy metal music filled the air (as Dalton always liked to listen to hisnmusic loud) He fumbled with his green pants and pulled out the shiny CDnplayer, before ripping out the batteries and flinging them against thensandy street. He popped his head over the panel, and nearly smacked intonthe face of the younger woman. The two's eyes locked, and she lookednabsolutely terrified. Dalton reacted instantly, reaching for his sidearmnand pointing it against the woman's head. The cold chrome made her shudder,nbut slowly the two rose. Dalton pressed the gun hard against her forehead,ntrying his best to intimidate the groups of long-haired, black clad guardsnwho had now entered the courtyard. Dalton shouted in English. \"Back off, or I waste the girl!\" Strangely however, the guards, and indeed the girl, looked unfrightened bynthe 9mm handgun he was holding nervously in his hand. His fingers tightenednaround the trigger, and Dalton bit his lip as he tried to control himselfnand prevent unloading a round into the sweet, innocent face before him. Onenof the guards moved too close, and Dalton rolled away from the girl,nsighted his weapon and shot the guard in the kneecap. The bullet blasted anbloody hole through the bone, and the guard fell to the ground, clutchingnmadly at the wound and screaming. The other guards backed off immediately,nstunned at the noise and power of the small, pathetic looking thing innDalton's hand. Dalton's eyes narrowed. \"I said BACK OFF!\" He holstered the 9mm and slung his M4 around, slowlynbacking away, before running as fast as he could. The guards followed innclose pursuit. Dalton ran as fast as he could, his legs stinging with pain,nhis chest heaving as he pushed his way through the narrow streets andnpassed stunned civilians. As he was running, the radio that was attached tonhis flak jacket, suddenly glowed green, and a crackly signal erupted fromnit. \"Jack..it's.Peters...\" Dalton was stunned to hear the voice of his friend, who'd been lost in thensame hills about a week ago. Resting beside a weathered grey stone, hensighted his M4 and fired some rounds at the ground in front of the pursuingnguards. They halted, their eyes alight with fear, before turning andnrunning as fast as they could. Dalton breathed a heavy sigh of reliefnbefore picking up his radio. \"Peters, where the hell have you been?\" \"Here.it's a long story. Don't go waving around your weapons here man, it'sndangerous. Come meet me in the courtyard where they found you at nineteennhundred tonight\" Dalton paused, flicking his silver wristwatch into his field of view. Itnread sixteen hundred. Dalton shook his head, and responded. \"See ya there\"[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: \"You Shouldn't Have Done That\" Dalton sat in the abandoned courtyard. He was parched, his throat ached,nand his stomach was rumbling like a Hummer engine. He shook off thenfeelings, and returned to his gunsights, checking the courtyard. The fadingnlight was lighting up the beautifully intracte stone of the ground. Butnbefore Dalton could truly appreciate them, a cloaked figure slowly appearednin the courtyard. Dalton dug the rifle into his shoulder and examined thenfigure. It was wearing US Army boots. Breathing a heavy sigh of relief,nDalton stood up from his concealment and shouted Peters name. Peters threwnoff the cloak and ran over to Dalton, the two smacking each others hand inna high five. \"How the hell are you buddy?\" Asked a concerned Peters \"Like the Arizona desert, you aint got water?\" \"Sure have\" responded Peters, handing Dalton a wood-like flask. Dalton wasted no time in ripping off the cover and throwing the water downnhis throat. It was cool and refreshing. He drunk the entire bottle, andnswilled the remainder round his mouth before swallowing it down. Petersngestured for Dalton to follow him and the two proceeded out of thencourtyard. \"So where the hell are we buddy?\" asked Dalton, biting into an apple hisnfriend had given him. \"More precisely, when the hell are we. From what I can tell, this is early-nmid 19th century China.\" \"Wha.?\" \"The gun the Chinese terrorist were using was a kind of time weapon,ndesigned to remove us to this period so we won't cause them any problems.\" \"How do we get back?\" Peters paused, sighing deeply and looking at his friends, his blue eyesnawash with sadness.n\"We don't, unless one of those sons-a-bitches comes here with a weapon\" Dalton flung the apple at the street and swore loudly. Peters hushed himndown. \"Look man, these people are friendly, it's a nice time to live, you justnhave to be careful the public don't see you\" Dalton shook his head. \"This isn't my time.\" Peters' eyes narrowed. \"It is now. C'mon, I'll get you back to my place\"nDalton spun around \" 'Your' place?\" he inquired, with disbelief. \"Yes, given to me by the local governor, I told you they were friendly\" Dalton laughed, and the two proceeded along. Eventually, they entered another open courtyard. The two soldiers werenlaughing and joking, and didn't notice the carnage unfolding in front ofnthem. A father and daughter were engaged in a pitched martial arts battlenwith the masked creature from last night and an old woman. Dalton caughtnthe scene out of the corner of his and reacted quickly. The two soldiersnpulled out their sidearms and fired two rounds in the air. Instantly thengroup turned their attention to the soldiers. It was Peters who spoke. \"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE\" The masked figure was staring intently at Dalton, who had levelled hisnpistol at her. She glanced at the older woman who nodded. The older womannleapt into the air with suprising agility, landing on one of the otherncombatants and breaking his neck. In the same movement, she picked up hisnmean looking weapon and flung it at Peters. The blade spun through the airnand sliced the soldier's head off in one quick movement, before lodgingnitself in the wall behind. Dalton looked on in horror as the headless torsonof his friend slumped to the floor, red blood oozing out of the wound. Henturned back, and shouted. \"F*** YOU!\" Dropping the pistol, Dalton unslung his M4 and began firing wildly. The twonwomen leapt into the air, not before the masked raider had broken the necknof the second friendly combatant. Dalton continued firing, but the twonseemed to miraculously dodge his bullets. The older woman flew away, butnthe masked raider landed in front of Dalton, as his clip ran dry. Dalton'sneyes flashed from the empty, steaming weapon and up to the masked raider.nIn a hate-filled Chinese voice the woman shouted. \"You want a fight? You've got one\" She lunged at Dalton, grabbing his weapon and pushing him back to the wall,nthrottling him with it. Struggling as the cold metal began to squeeze hisnwindpipe, Dalton managed to gain enough strength to punch the woman acrossnthe face. There was a bone-cracking crunch and she fell away. Dalton fellnto the floor, choking for air. He looked up and saw the bright silver ofnhis 9mm. Crawling across the floor, Dalton managed to pick up the handgunnas he heard his assailant pick herself up. He spun round and sighted as shenleapt in mid air. She did an amazing quick flip, grabbing Dalton's weaponnand pulling off it's upper section, so that the bullet fell out onto thenfloor. Dalton looked at the remaining handle, stunned. The woman then spunnround and smacked Dalton hard in the face, knocking him unconscious. Shenrubbed her hands together and smiled. \"That was for earlier, you shouldn't have done that\" With that she leapt into the air and flew away, leaving the two Americannbodies were they lay in the coarse sand. TO BE CONTINUED... ","Summary":" Crouching Soldier, Hidden Fantasyn STORY CONTENT, BAR ALL REFERENCES FROM CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN D"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Did You Mean It?","Author":"melliemellie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12380228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Did You Mean It? Batman wasn't good with words. As his Greatest Enemy , Joker should have known that by now. \"Did you mean it?\" Batman didn't answer. His head was still ringing from where it'd collided with concrete a few minutes ago. He might've deserved it possibly, maybe, definitely, but still...it hurt. A lot . Purple and orange entered his field of vision and Batman span around, leg coming out to kick the crap out of whoever approached. \"Hey, hey!\" Joker yelled, jumping back and only just managing to dodge the attack. \"Oh, it's you!\" Batman said, one hand held up apologetically, as the other rubbed the back of his cowl. It really did hurt. \"Sorry.\" \"It's alright,\" Joker said, relaxing now that the threat of a flying kick to the face had passed. \"Just, y'know, warn a guy before you start-\" he waved his hands in a way that vaguely resembled karate. \"Right,\" Batman nodded. \"Sorry. It's just-\" He wanted to take the cowl off so he could rub the sore spot on his head. Wasn't this thing supposed to be armored?! \"Been a heck of a day,\" he finished. Joker smiled, warm and whimsical. \"Yeah.\" His hands came together, fingers lacing and thumbs twirling and his eyes turned left to where the sun was slowly sinking. \"It certainly has.\" The smile faltered and a frown started to form but Batman didn't see it because he was still too busy wishing the damn headache would go away! His fingers fiddled with the back of the cowl. If he could just… \"But you didn't answer my question, Batman.\" Batman looked up and when he saw the look on Joker's face his stomach dropped. He knew that look. Alfred, Dick and Barb had been giving him that look all day . It was the look people got when they wanted to discuss... feelings . He had to suppress a shudder. \"Um…\" Batman tried to stall. \"What question?\" One of those bushy green eyebrows - way more expressive than they had any right to be! - twitched and Joker's thumbs started moving even faster, running circles around each other. He looked just as he had in the manor when he told Batman he hated him, looking at him with those eyes, a tentative smile on those lips, eyebrows begging him to say it back. Batman's head started throbbing even more. Yeah...he really needed to get- \"Did you mean it?\" Joker took a small step forward, the eyebrows all green and fluffy and earnest and Batman had to work very hard not to react with a step backwards. \"Uh, mean what?\" He said instead, eyes darting left and right. If he didn't look at those eyebrows, then maybe… \"What you said back there.\" Joker jerked his head in the direction of the city behind them. \"Y'know...when we…\" \"Crunched?\" The eyebrows and voice went flat. \" Held hands .\" Oh. Oh yeah. They'd done that, hadn't they? Batman's fingers twitched but he didn't say anything. He didn't really know what to say. He was still getting used to this whole discussing feelings thing. And this wasn't the same as letting Robin call him Dad, or telling Barbara he was sorry. This was... Joker let the moment pass and clasped his hands together again, this time behind his back. \"Soooooo..?\" he prompted, rocking on his heels. \"Sooooo…\" \"About what you said .\" Joker was doing his best to be patient, Batman could tell. \"Come on, don't make me do all the work!\" Batman chewed the inside of his cheek and, for a moment, wished he'd packed a razor into his utility belt. Getting rid of those eyebrows would've made this a damn sight easier. He tried stalling a second time. \"Did I, um, mean it?\" \"Yes!\" Joker said, patience quickly wearing thin. \"Did. You. Mean. It?\" The eyebrows curved hopefully and Batman really had to look away this time. Yeah, a razor would've been a good idea. Or maybe a waxing kit or- There was a loud huff and Joker threw his hands into the air before turning his back. Batman chewed his cheek again and looked awkwardly at the ground. He was trying. He really was. He wanted to make the cogs of his brain move in the right direction, give his mouth the right words to say. He knew exactly what Joker was talking about and what those damn eyebrows wanted...but… Batman wasn't good with words – or feelings - and, as his greatest enemy , Joker should have known that by now. Joker span back around to face him and there was a hint of desperation in his face this time. \"Why is it so hard?!\" he demanded, eyebrows now so high they almost disappeared into his hairline. \"Why can't you just say it ?!\" Batman's mouth opened but it didn't know what to do. What was it supposed to do ? Joker frowned again. \"Unless, of course, you didn't mean it and it was all just lip service to save this stupid city!\" Those big wide eyes glared at Batman in challenge and he panicked. Oh crap! He needed to say something, but what? What did he say? How did he say it? Dammit, where were Phyllis and her stupid television montages when he needed them?! Joker yanked at his hair. \"God! I knew it was too good to be true! Even after all of this you still haven't changed! You'll never change and I was a massive schmuck for ever thinking you would!\" Joker turned and, with head held high, stalked away like the prima donna he was. For a minute, Batman was dumbstruck with that defensiveness that always took over in situations like these and a dozen different insults rushed to fall out of his mouth. What the Hell was the clown's problem? He'd already told Joker why he did what he did, wasn't that enough? He'd even used the word us ! What more did he need? But Batman knew why it wasn't enough. There was something Joker wanted to hear above all else. Three words that would finally - finally - let him know just how important he was. And, no matter what Batman did, whatever else he said, until those words came out, Joker wasn't going to be happy or satisfied. \"Joker, wait!\" He called. \"Not interested!\" Joker called back with a dismissive wave of his hand. \"Joker!\" Batman called again but the clown refused to even acknowledge him. Batman growled and finally caved. \"I hate you!\" Joker skidded to a halt and Batman waited as, slowly - ever so slowly - Joker's head turned to look over his shoulder and one of his eyebrows lifted. It wasn't quite ready to believe Batman and neither was the person it was attached to. \"Come again?\" Joker said, his eyes narrowing. \"You heard me,\" Batman said and the headache he'd briefly forgotten about came back, its beat matching the sudden thudding of his pulse. \"I heard something ,\" Joker said, his body following the direction of his head to face Batman again. \"It sounded like words, but it could've easily been my ears playing tricks on me. I'll need to hear it again to be sure.\" The pair stared at each other for a moment and Joker's brows dipped even further in the middle. He wasn't going to give in. Batman took a deep breath and his mouth narrowed into a thin line. Fine. He could do this. He could do this. \"I said...I hate you.\" Joker's eyes flashed with… something and he took a step forwards, body leaning in. \"Say it again?\" \"What, why?\" \"You kinda…\" Joker shrugged. \"Trailed off at the end, there. Didn't, um, quite catch the last bit.\" Batman glared and was tempted to refuse. But that would just take them right back to where they'd been a minute ago and he didn't really have the energy to argue anymore. Besides, he'd already said it twice, so what was a third time? With a sigh, he said, \"I hate you.\" Joker shook his head, but his mouth was fighting back a smile. \"Nope. Still not quite feeling it.\" That smile should have annoyed Batman, but he found himself trying not to smile as well and, this time, it was him moving forward. \"I hate you, Joker.\" Hearing his name almost made Joker gasp and his eyes grew wider. He swallowed and moved closer and stopped trying to hide his grin. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"Missed it again.\" Feeling the way his stomach flipped at Joker's reaction and registering somewhere in his brain that he liked it, Batman continued. \"I said...I hate you, Joker.\" Joker bit his bottom lip and his eyebrows curved upwards again as the space between the two of them continued to shrink. \"I...I hate you too, Batman.\" Turned out he liked Joker saying his name, as well. Another step and there was no room left to move forwards anymore. \"Well…I hate you more.\" \"I hate you the most,\" Joker said and the way his face crumpled with delight was almost too much to handle. Batman looked down and saw that their hands were only inches apart. He was tempted to just grab those white hands but didn't have a clue what he'd do next, so kept his fingers still. Instead, he looked back up at those big shiny eyes that had started to water, that were being framed by those ridiculously bendy, fluffy eyebrows on a face being bathed in pinky purple sunlight. Batman leaned forward, bringing their faces even closer together. Well, he'd come this far. \"I hate you... forever .\" Joker's mouth slowly fell open and his eyebrows almost disappeared entirely into that mop of wild green hair and, before Batman even knew what was coming, arms wrapped around his neck to pull him into a kiss. Batman's entire body froze and his mind went blank as those lips pressed against his. Then, his brain caught up to what was happening and his arms lifted to wrap around Joker's waist. He pulled them even closer together, making their lips press harder and threw everything he couldn't quite put into words into the kiss. Joker let out a small whimper and his body melted against Batman as he finally got the one thing he'd wanted all along. Kissing Joker wasn't anything like Batman had imagined. To be honest, he spent a lot of his time trying to not imagine it, because…well… But on the rare occasions he let his mind drift that way, he'd always thought it'd be made of the same angry, hateful stuff that fuelled their fights. He didn't expect this . This was soft and sweet and slow and…nice. Very nice. Their mouths moved to make the kiss even deeper and Batman forgot all about the ache in his head, as long skinny arms held on for dear life and hands gripped fistfuls of cape. He forgot about everything but the clown in his arms until he heard a voice shout, \"Get a room!\" They broke apart and Batman would have looked over to glare at the heckler but Joker's face was too close, those eyes too bright and lipstick was smudged across a ridiculously wide grin that was just… So, Batman decided whoever had shouted wasn't really important enough to waste attention on, not when the slowly dimming daylight was hitting the clown's face in that way and Joker was practically beaming when Batman leaned in for another kiss. It was just as slow and soft and nice as the last and, by the time they next came up for air, the sun was saying its last goodbyes and Batman decided that, if those pesky feelings could make him feel like this , well, then maybe they weren't quite so bad, after all.[Chapter 2] It was exactly two hours, thirty five minutes and seventeen seconds after their first kiss that Batman finally removed his armored face disguise and showed Joker who he really was. And it was thirteen seconds after that when Joker let out a long loud laugh and told him he's known exactly who Batman is all along. \"No you didn't!\" Bruce said, incredulously. There was no way ... \"Yes I did,\" Joker replied smugly, a smile that refused to die for the past few hours still plastered on his face. \"Did not!\" \"Did too!\" \"Did not !\" Bruce refused to believe it and didn't realise how close they'd gotten again until his face was only inches away from Joker's. Bruce's cheeks - no longer hidden by the cowl - flushed and he saw those big eyes shine just a bit brighter at the sight. \"How?\" Bruce eventually asked, if only to stop himself grabbing Joker's face and kissing him all over again. \"Pffft!\" Joker scoffed. \"Like it was difficult? Just look at that chin !\" He gave Bruce's jaw a gentle nudge. \"Hardly a job for Sherlock Holmes is it?\" He giggled. Bruce Wayne's roommate indeed. Bruce rubbed a hand subconsciously across his jaw, trying not to think too hard about the tingles running across it. \"Oh.\" Joker giggled again. \"But don't worry, I won't tell anyone.\" Bruce had to look away when Joker winked at him. God, was it always going to be like this now?! Perhaps he should've put the cowl back on. \"Besides,\" Joker continued. \"It'd be no fun with you all locked up. I mean, who's gonna stop me then?\" His eyes widened and his mouth formed an excited O. \"Ooh, but if I turned myself in, then we could be cell mates! You could join my yoga class!\" Talk of yoga brought back memories, leading to images that Bruce really shouldn't have been having right then. Thankfully, a person far more adorable than they had any right to be chose that moment to quietly butt in. \"Um, Padre?\" Robin said. \"Kid!\" Bruce replied and tried not to let it show in his voice – change took time, y'know? - but he was beyond relieved to see him. \"What is it?\" Robin giave a quick glance to Joker - who'd put a few feet of distance between himself and Bruce - and actually started to look a little sheepish. \"Um, well…Miss Barbara was wondering…when, y'know…you'd be…um, finished?\" Ah. Ok. Yeah. They had been waiting a while, hadn't they? Probably given the pair of them far more time than they deserved, really. Which was…nice…of them? \"Right, yeah,\" Bruce said and, as if on cue, his stomach gave a quiet gurgle. It was well past dinner time and he could only imagine how the kid must've been feeling. \"Gotcha.\" He turned to Joker, who watched the exchange quietly with his hands behind his back and something funny happened to Bruce's insides. It was that weird kick-flip-twist thing that'd happened before, when sunset was making his face glow in just the right way… Bruce had to swallow hard to push the lump back down his throat. Now what? \"So, I guess you'll be going now,\" Joker said helpfully and there was a hint of… something in his tone and features that Bruce didn't like. \"Yeah,\" Bruce said, trying to will away the awkwardness. For crying out loud, they'd just kissed! Why were they suddenly acting like a couple of girls talking to their high school crushes? \"Gotta go and, uh, un-Joker the manor.\" Joker giggled and Bruce was glad to see the wide smile back on his face, but it didn't stay for long. \"Ha, yeah, sorry about that! If it makes you feel any better, we didn't actually break anything. Although your Blu-ray collection probably isn't in alphabetical order anymore.\" The fact that it didn't annoy Bruce anywhere near as much as it normally would said a lot about his current state of mind. Besides, it wasn't really much compared to having to take down that ridiculous fun fair. And before he even realised it, Joker had taken a step forwards and Bruce tried to keep his heart rate under control. \"Well, I'll be seeing you around, Batman ,\" he said conspiratorially and his smile and those eyebrows were just too much. Bruce's grip on the cowl tightened and he resisted the urge to just grab the clown then and there and tell everyone else to go on ahead without him. But he couldn't really abandon the guys when they'd just started to become a…well…one of those things . That begins with F. He did, however, give Joker a smile back. \"You bet.\" Then he risked letting the smile slide into a smirk, leaning in as he said, \"Looking forward to it.\" Joker bit his bottom lip and looked positively ecstatic and that's when Bruce knew he had to walk away, even though it took a tremendous amount of willpower. Robin – as expected - gave the clown a quick wave, before following Bruce. They were only a few paces along the street when Robin tugged at Bruce's cape and reached on tiptoes to whisper something into his ear. Something that made a lot of sense and really should have been thought of by Bruce a lot earlier. He studied Robin's face for a long minute, making sure the kid was sure about what he was asking and, when he saw nothing but pure earnestness in those unnaturally huge eyes, Bruce straightened and turned back to face where Joker once stood. The clown was on his way to Harley and the gang when Bruce called his name and walked back over to him. \"Yes, Batman?\" Joker asked and it was easy to see just how hard he was working to keep the optimism hidden. Bruce took a deep breath and failed to calm his nerves. But he'd already done something a whole lot bigger than this, so it shouldn't have been too hard, should it? According to his thudding pulse, it was. Bruce cleared his throat and looked determinedly at anything but Joker's face. Damn eyebrows… \"Do, um…do you wanna…y'know…come…with us?\" For a moment, Joker's entire body went still and his face went blank and Bruce wondered if he somehow… broke him ? But the clown quickly recovered and the most endearing expression that any single thing on the planet had ever achieved smothered his features and he let out a loud giggle. His eyes went wide and he quickly looked back at Harley, who – if possible – seemed equally delighted. \"Go ahead, Boo Boo,\" she said. \"I can take care a these guys.\" \"Well, heck, why not?\" Joker smiled, turning back to Bruce. \"Got nothin' better to do!\" And that was how Bruce, Robin, Alfred, Barbara and Joker ended up in Wayne Manor, tearing down all the countless contraptions Joker and his goons had built during their stay. \"Aww, do we have to?\" Joker pouted, when they reached the flashing lights of that staircase. \"It's so pretty!\" Bruce chewed the inside of his cheek and decidedly didn't admit his own hesitation about tearing the garish monstrosity down. Although Joker was beside him, he could still see the clown stood halfway up there, telling Bruce he hated him. His stomach flipped again. \"Batman doesn't do pretty,\" Bruce finally said, walking forwards and reaching for the first brick. \"Ugh, fine !\" Joker huffed, before joining him. There were a few awkward silences to begin with, but they soon disappeared as Bruce and Joker got fully stuck in. Seeing as it was just the two of them, tearing down the staircase took a good while and Bruce knews exactly why the others hadn't offered to help. His head wasn't sure whether to thank or berate them. At one point Joker stopped and wiped his forehead with his sleeve, before raising an eyebrow at Bruce. \"Aren't you hot in all that?\" he demanded, pointing to the armour. \"Yeah,\" Bruce admitted. \"But I'm used to it.\" Joker didn't have much to say to that, so went back to disassembling. It was almost two hours later when they get to the end and all that was left was a row of purple flashing bricks. Bruce moved forwards but stopped himself and waited. He felt rather than saw those fluffy green eyebrows lift, seeking an explanation. \"Just…\" Bruce began, before taking a few steps backwards to get a better view. \"Just give me a minute.\" Joker shrugged and watched as Bruce went to the other end of the room and spent a few minutes just looking. If he was honest with himself, the purple didsn't actually look all that bad. In fact, it kinda looked… good . And, although he was glad to no longer have that staircase around – it really was just too much – Bruce couldn't quite find it within himself to eradicate all trace of it. He let out a sigh. \"Y'know what? Let's leave it at that.\" Joker frowned, looked at the row of purple, then back at Bruce. An eyebrow lifted again. \"Really?\" Bruce pursed his lips and gave his brain a last chance to change its mind. It didn't. \"Sure.\" Joker chewed the inside of his cheek, probably to keep from smiling too hard – just how didn't his face ache with all that smiling ? – before nodding slowly. Bruce came forward again and stopped beside Joker and a long silence fell. It was heavy and awkward and it reminded Bruce of just how much further he had to go before he got any good at this. But at least he was trying and Joker and the others knew that. He hoped. \"Bruce,\" Oh. Oh . That…well…that was new. If Joker saying Batman made his insides squirm in all the right ways, then this … Bruce took a deep breath. He would've said something if his tongue didn't suddenly feel five times too big. \"What's gonna happen now?\" Joker asked. From the corner of his eye, Bruce could see the hopefulness in his gaze, those eyebrows disappearing into green hair again and Bruce was, as always, at a loss for words. That never used to bother him before - he'd just spew the first thing that came into his head and carry on regardless – but things were different now. He had things to lose. And this was quite possibly the biggest. \"I mean,\" Joker continued and it was always so weird hearing him sound so uncertain. He was the biggest, loudest, most self-assured character Bruce had ever met – besides himself, of course. \"Now that we've confirmed we're greatest enemies and all that…\" Joker paused and it forced Bruce to meet his gaze. They were in serious territory again and Bruce knew exactly what he meant. They'd just overcome a massive hurdle in their – say it, Bruce! – relationship and there were consequences that came with that. Things wouldn't go back to the way they were before, not completely, anyway. Sure, Joker would still cause trouble and Batman would still come running, but there would be that little something different and they'd need to figure out a way to make it all fit, otherwise… \"I…\" Bruce licked his lips and cleared his throat again. For this, honesty was going to be the best policy. \"I don't know.\" Joker looked down at the ground and his hand started fiddling with the chain hanging from his belt. Come on, Bruce, say something! \"But…\" he continued, truly winging it, now. \"I guess…it'll be fun…uh…finding out?\" Joker's eyes slowly looked up and his head tilted. Oh, those eyebrows needed to stop ! It's wasn't fair! Bruce didn't have anything like that to retaliate with. \"Won't it?\" He finally finshed, very, very lamely. He really didn't know what else to say and hoped Joker didn't expect anything more than that because Bruce was pretty much running on empty with his feelings. He'd had more this past day than the last few years combined, it seemed. Joker started to laugh – a loud, proper laugh - and it was a sound that initially made Bruce panic. But one look at Joker eradicated any worry, especially when Joker took his face between his hands and his thumbs started moving backwards and forwards over his cheeks. It was enough to make Bruce forget who he was or what he was doing. \"You,\" Joker said between the laughter. \"Are absolutely terrible at this!\" Bruce agreed wholeheartedly, or he would have if he wasn't so distracted by what Joker was doing to his face and Bruce's hands moved of their own free will to rest on Joker's waist. For arch-nemeses, they really did seem to fit together like this very well. \"But,\" Joker went on. \"Luckily for you, I'm willing to overlook this heinous flaw.\" Their faces were close again and those lovely red lips were so very much within reach. Bruce wasn't sure how long he could keep away from them, especially when they started moving again. \"Of course, that doesn't mean you're not gonna have to work at it a bit. Well, a lot .\" Bruce nodded, although Joker could have just asked to cut off his ears and he would've nodded anyway. Anything to get those lips from there to here . Joker's hands moved and fingers started carding through Bruce's hair. Now that really wasn't fair. \"We've worked very hard, y'know,\" Joker said, his smile turning coy. Bruce felt himself returning the grin. \"We have.\" \"I'd say we've earned a break, wouldn't you?\" \"Absolutely.\" Joker bit his lip again and Bruce was done with waiting. He pulled Joker towards him and once again let a kiss do the talking. It started off slow and nice, just like before, but pretty soon became something more as Bruce wanted Joker to know that, no matter how terrible he was at it, when he told Joker he hated him, he truly meant it . Bruce's hands slid around that waist to hold Joker closer, as the fingers in his hair disappeared for arms to go around his neck and lipstick was soon everywhere. Somewhere in the back of Bruce's mind he told himself that it was all going to be okay. He may not have known what he was doing but it was definitely going to be fun figuring it all out. And Bruce would get there, he knew it. It was just going to take some time, y'know? ","Summary":" Did You Mean It? Batman wasn't good with words. As his Greatest Enemy , Joker should have known tha"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"boy wonder","Author":"sebastopol","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12436213","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tim was well past the age of being able to call herself \"Boy Wonder\". They all were; it has been over a decade since they had each donned the title and costume for the first time. Alfred had called her that morning, asking her to please come by; it would make Bruce so happy, and wouldn't it be nice if they were all together as a family again? It would, she supposed, though when they were children they were much closer. They had grown apart somewhat over these past few years, in between their nighttime vigilantism and their own lives. Dick had been in Jump City for a while before becoming Nightwing and Jason had died only to be brought back to life, and she was...well. She still missed being Robin. Missed Gotham, as they all undoubtedly did. Being Red Robin wasn't the same as being the Boy Wonder. The latter was a part of her that she couldn't just erase . It was an integral part of her that she couldn't tell people about, and that was, perhaps, the worst part of it. So many of her memories came from being Robin, so many parts in her life that made her what she was today. It was cheesy and cliched to say that, she knew, but it was true. Her brothers had found it easier to let that part of themselves go, but they had given up the Boy Wonder mantle well before she did. They'd had more time to adjust to not being Robin anymore. It had only been, what, two or three years since she'd stopped being Robin? She'd only been seventeen when she gave up the mantle, just about to turn eighteen. When Kon-El altered reality, bringing Jason back to life, it had also cost her being Robin. Jason had taken up being Red Hood, and she had- Bruce had asked her to live the rest of her teenage years out normally , as Tim rather than Robin. She shouldn't have to live out the rest her childhood as a hero, he'd said, like the former part of her childhood wasn't riddled with memory gaps of her birth parents, with no idea of who they were. Being Robin had given her an identity . Being at Brentwood was-it wasn't enjoyable, to say the least. Despite the fact that it wasn't that far from Gotham - rather close to it, in fact - it still felt like worlds away. Maybe it was the fact that she was being asked to be this normal version of herself like normal for her wasn't being Robin, wasn't being referred to and known as one of Bruce Wayne's children - Or maybe it was the fact that her biological father was nearby Brentwood, wanting to know her. In all fairness, they had thought each other dead; of course he would want to know the child he had recently found out was alive. But she'd had no interest in it, despite all her wondering who her biological parents were. ...both her biological parents were dead now, though. She can't say that she misses her biological father when she hardly knew him, but it was certainly disappointing that she never did get to know him all that well before his untimely murder by Captain Boomerang. If living up to Dick and Jason's versions of Robin had been hard, trying to be a normal person was even harder. They all arrive at the manor at the same time, some sort of coincidence or maybe Alfred just called them all on the same day, but either way it is an odd sort of feeling to be back in Gotham, back at the manor. Anyone who didn't know them would likely never assume they were siblings - that is, anyone new to Gotham, at least. Dick runs at Tim and Jason, scoops them up in the tightest hug he can manage. Tim laughs into his shoulder where Jason protests, trying to squirm his way out. It was freezing outside, Gotham being most infamous for its extreme winters if not for its crime rate, so they head in quickly before any part of the former Robins can break off in the cold. The manor was still, of course, as grand as he remembers it, with perhaps a few more things around; their childhood still exists within these walls, most of it hidden deep underneath the manor - it was a shame, really, that all their identities as Robin were secret. What was your childhood like? people ask. He cannot exactly say, Oh, I fought crime on a nightly basis with Batman! Needless to say, their childhoods were...unorthodox. College had been a bit easier; by that time, he was no longer Robin, but old habits were hard to break and he would often find himself missing that life, walking around Gotham like it was still his to protect. They've all seen the new Robin in the newspapers, some dark haired young boy about fourteen or so. None of them know if this new Robin had even had a predecessor that wasn't Tim. The Joker still hadn't ceased with all his flamboyant, evil plans, being Batman's greatest enemy and all; Dick was surprised the villain hadn't been here when he'd arrived - after all, the Joker was basically his second dad, and Dick was sure he wouldn't want to miss them all being back at the manor. Despite knowing the fridge was full with just about nothing but lobster thermidor, he opens it again for the umpteenth time as though new food would somehow magically appear this time around. He shut the fridge door, only to be startled by an unfamiliar face behind it. \"Surely you know,\" they say, \"that there is nothing but thermidor?\" Their expression is blank of emotion, as was their tone, but everything about them seems matter of fact. \"...who are you?\" They hadn't been here when he, Jason, and Tim had arrived...had they? That had only been a few hours before, and Dick was sure he had only seen Alfred and the Batdad so far. \"So he hasn't told you yet,\" this new person murmurs to themselves, a small strand of hair falling in their face. \"Told us what ?\" Dick says, exasperated with their way of avoiding things. They look him in the eye, their eyes a stormy, steely grey, so different from his own soft brown. \"...that I'm his son.\" \"Yeah? So am I, though, I mean...\" Dick shrugs, a small, nervous laugh escaping him. He pauses when he notices the way this new blue eyed boy is looking at him, like he's just not getting something. \"What, you don't mean his biological son-?\" \"I do.\" He says it so bluntly, so matter-of-fact, that Dick doesn't really register it until he's left. There had been a challenge in those grey eyes, daring Dick to question the truth of his words. He must be the new Robin they've been seeing; that dark haired boy who showed up in the papers no younger than he or Jason or Tim when they had been Robin. His heart twists a little at the thought of the blunt, blue eyed boy he'd just met as Robin, bearing the Boy Wonder title. It twists at the thought of his padre's biological son being Robin when it has always been a beacon of hope for the orphans - how it had been one even for him. It had been something to hold on then, when he still thought Batman and Bruce Wayne were separate people, when he hadn't come out as a trans boy yet- The identity of Robin has done and been so many things for him. For Jason and Tim, too. They were a family of orphans, and here came along this new boy who is so young to him, who is not even an orphan, who had a mother somewhere and an actual relation to Bruce- Dick had never doubted that Batdad considered him to be his son and yet...what about this new Robin, who is related to him in every way? By the time he's gotten to his room, he's so anxious over whoever this new Robin was that he asks the Batcomputer to tell him everything, if there was anything redeemable about the cold stranger he'd met in the kitchen. \"The role of Robin is currently occupied by Damian Wayne,\" Batcomputer chirps dutifully, \"previously known as Damian al-Ghul; preceded in the role of Robin by Tim Drake...\" Hmm, so that was that solved. Dick had noticed how Damian hadn't looked all that much like Bruce, seeming to take after his mother - some woman named Talia, according to 'Puter - and the only things that Damian seemed to take from Bruce were the hair color and the charmingly untamable hair, minus the charm. Everything else about Damian Wayne was stiff and calculating, the polar opposite of his predecessors. Dick couldn't help but wonder where Damian's mother was, if she was even alive. He wasn't the detective Tim was, or he would have figured that out by now. She'd have had Damian's identity figured out by now, too; among the three of them, Tim was the clever one where Jason was the tough one and he was...the acrobat. The original Robin, if that was anything to take pride in. He had been the start of this role. Granted, he had been twelve and had only picked out the name Robin because he liked the bird, wasn't that funny? Golly, he was being awfully pessimistic about all this. Damian was a decent Robin, from what he could tell from the newspapers. Still, for whatever reason, he cannot bring himself to believe this was real. Jason's old Robin outfit was still in the Batcave. The only one that was displayed like some sort of awful reminder of his death. It wasn't like he particularly missed that variant of the Robin outfit - it had booty shorts , for God's sake; he'd narrowly missed having \"bottom text\" written across it as the consequence of a bet - but it was pretty messed up to have the outfit he literally died in on display. He thinks of Dick with his Robin outfit, donning the underwear from the Batman costume it used to be. Jason really missed a lot of bullets with this Robin deal. Tim was the one who got lucky with the outfit; somehow she'd managed to snag a pair of actual pants on the thing. Well, skintight leggings, technically, but they counted as pants. It's a bit odd to think of his death now, how he had been killed in the crossfire of one of Batman and Joker's fights. It seems...it seems like it never happened now, obviously, but it felt like such a far away memory, remembering it through this secondhand sorrow of his family's. He had never been all that close to Tim or Dick, though they both tried to form this close familial bond with him. He had begrudgingly put up with it back then, but he can't help but wonder now if that might have been a mistake. It wasn't in his nature to be the pure kind of nice that Dick was, nor did he have the strong sense of morality Tim did, having had to survive on his own on Gotham's streets for that first part of his childhood. He's a bit scared to think now that if he hadn't become Robin, he actually might have become some sort of criminal, taken up Gotham's brand of villainy. Under the right circumstances, he might have become one of Batman's enemies instead of- Instead of his son. Damian was never a sentimental person. Over these past four years as Robin, he had been careful not to get too attached to the name and title as his three predecessors so clearly did. It was clear in the way the original had reacted to his being Robin, or the way the second - the most like him in temperament, according to Alfred - was still bitter about his unavenged death and the way he saw the third as his replacement, in the way his immediate predecessor struggled to let go of his own identity as Robin. He has yet to see the third Robin, who has still not yet emerged from wherever he had disappeared to when he'd arrived with the other two. Damian had his heart set on proving his right to the Boy Wonder mantle by defeating Tim Drake in a fight, to the death if necessary. He was sure that his own skills were superior to Tim Drake's, so defeating him would be an easy feat. Despite Batman's obvious pride that he harbored for them all, Damian held his skills in the utmost superiority to the past Robins. It is a few days before he meets Tim, longer than he'd have liked. He is surprised, needless to say, to find that the Boy Wonder preceding him is, in fact, a GirlWonder - \" Boy Wonder,\" she would snap at him later, clearly annoyed by the way he called her Girl Wonder so flippantly. Damian doesn't miss the small smile Bruce tries to hide at this. These sorts of things were never ones he bothered to understand, though he found unnecessary conflict even more tiring than trying to understand whatever problem Tim Drake found with being called Girl Wonder, so he allowed the matter to drop (he would find out much later that Tim was not the kind of person to let matters like this drop). Everything everyone did around here was so predictable . It is almost too easy, being Robin, when the plans of Gotham's villains were laid out for them by the villains themselves. (The Joker is especially guilty of this.) Despite the rest of Gotham's predictability, he found it...difficult to predict his three predecessors. Even his father is more predictable than them, or perhaps Damian is simply being led to believe that Bruce Wayne was predictable. But Dick, Jason, and Tim, on the other hand, steered well clear of him. He had yet to challenge Tim to a fight to prove both their worth as Robin - well, mostly his. He has not seen the way any of the former Robins fight, never seen them in action, but he has seen the way they all stand tall and proud, some imaginary wind blowing their former cape back forever, seen the way they move so fluidly, seen the way it is so second nature to them, like they were born into the role of Robin. Maybe they were, unlike he was - his mother had sent him here to disrupt his father's work as Batman, he knew, but instead he found that he wanted to be Robin, with a genuinity he didn't know he was capable of. The manor still felt so big, and she so small. Tim couldn't help but remember when she had seen the inside of the place for the first time, seen how grand it was. It still is, even after this past decade. Linh - Lucy, really, but they already knew a Lucy, and so this Lucy began going by her middle name - was still here, ever present. It had been three years since Linh had attempted suicide and found herself washed up by the manor instead. Everyone had thought her to be dead, so it simply became easier for Linh to stay in the manor, hidden away from Gotham. Tim still remembers when they had been a thing for a while, when she had still been Robin and Linh still alive in the government database. They'd split before she'd gone off to Brentwood, of course - herself because of her leaving and Linh for the reason that it had been Tim's Robin she had fallen for rather than Tim herself, and she couldn't subject Tim to that knowing it wasn't Tim she had wanted, not Tim she had- . . . ...but enough about that. Returning from trying to be normal , returning from Brentwood, was so easy she might not have believed she had ever lived through that stretch of her life. It wasn't so easy stepping back into the manor, into this old life of luxury she somehow still wasn't used to even after so many years living here. She supposed it was because some part of her subconscious was still used to having so little that luxury like this was something beyond her wildest dreams. Her brothers weren't all that used to it, either. She stood outside Dick's bedroom door now, reluctant to even knock, to say something about Damian being Robin, though at this point he'd probably already dug up most of what she could've found in minutes. Damian was aggravating, to say the least. She was not fond of him, not after the way he'd so condescendingly looked at her and called her \"Girl Wonder\", disregarding everything she had done and been as the Boy Wonder. He'd dropped the matter after she'd snapped at him about it, but she was not the type of person to let matters like that drop so easily. Dick, on the other hand, seemed to have resigned himself to Damian being Robin. The door that connected hers and Dick's rooms alongside the door that connected hers and Jason's and the one that connected Jason's to Dick's had led them to use Dick's room as a hub of sorts for their activity, a meeting point for the things they wouldn't - couldn't - go to Bruce for. Damian as Robin was one of them. Dick, kind soul that he was, had never minded much when they wandered in, looking for comfort or a talk or to allay any fears they might have had - Tim especially, when the life she had built as Robin was suddenly dashed to pieces by Bruce asking her to be normal . He'd always been this golden big brother for her and Jason; she cannot imagine what it must be doing to him for the role of Robin to be taken by the very boy who was Bruce's only biological son, what it must mean for all of them if this meant that Bruce had chosen his own flesh and blood over them. She walks in at long last, pausing at the uncharacteristically hardened expression on Dick's face, some twisted version of his normally cheerful disposition. \"Dick...?\" He unfreezes at this, at Tim's familiar voice. Tim noticed the sudden change back to his normally cheerful self, but it felt like a mere echo compared to the full intensity of it. \"...what is it, baby bird?\" God, Tim can hear the exhaustion in that one sentence; more than she's heard in Dick's voice in a long time. Of course, Bruce had never let them be Robin when it became evident that they were wearing themselves down with it, but they were no longer Robin and Bruce couldn't exactly tell them to give up their nighttime vigilantism, not when he was the one who had instilled that in them. \"Tim?\" Her breath catches in her throat before she can speak, a sudden bout of hesitation, before she can say anything about Damian's mother and grandfather being supervillains . They were-they were infinitely more dangerous than any of Gotham's own villains, who paled to cheap imitations compared to Talia and Ra's al-Ghul, more formidable than any of the other villains they had faced outside of Gotham; she's scared to think what might happen to them if Damian exposed all this - the manor, the Batcave, their identities - to his mother and grandfather, of what might happen to them if Talia and Ra's come after them and one or all of them dies like Jason did, she couldn't live with that if she was the only one left e - She faintly hears Jason enter, say, \"H-what happened to Tim?\" \"Jason-! Ah, panic attack, I think; find Batdad or Grandpa, Jason, will you? Hey, baby bird,\" she hears Dick croon, gently, gently , \"shh, you're alright-\" It is the last thing she hears before everything feels like it's been encased in a bubble, muffled and blurred and- She opens her eyes to Dick and Bruce leaning over her in worry. Damian - the precocious little brat - was in the corner of the Batcave, staring at her from across the room with an intensity she'd only ever seen from Jason. The bubble around the world had popped, finally , and nothing sounded muffled anymore. Her ears were still ringing, though; beyond that she can hear Dick practically screeching, \"TIM, DON'T DO THAT AGAIN THAT WAS TERRIFYING!\" and Bruce's quiet, grumbling sort of worry. Jason was nowhere to be found. (Damian had broken that brief moment of eye contact they'd had; she could almost swear she'd seen the smallest flicker of concern in those sharp grey eyes of his, even from so far away.) \"Sorry,\" she mumbles against the cotton of Dick's shirt (the trademark Robin red as usual), pressing her face into her brother's shoulder. \"For what?\" Bruce raises an eyebrow at her; she can feel his Batman Stare™ even despite the fact she cannot look anyone in the eye right now. ...she doesn't know what she is apologizing for. She doesn't know, she doesn't know - . . . . . . She really doesn't know. Dick was worried about Tim, maybe more than he needed to be. Tim was still reeling, he thinks, from having Robin snapped up from under her feet. Reeling, too, from Damian taking up the role of Robin. They were all reeling from that. He'd resigned himself to it, though, figuring it wasn't something he could change anymore than he was able change Jason or Tim being Robin. The most he could do then was make sure they filled in the role with the proper skill set, make sure they filled in the role of Robin with the same passion he had. It was probably the most he could for Damian now, too. It might've been hard for Tim to admit, but Damian needed Robin more than any of them ever did - his own mother was a supervillain, and so was his grandfather. This was, perhaps, the only time he'd ever known he'd even had a father, or that Bruce knew he had a biological son. And yet, somehow, it still stung that it was Damian, of all people, who had taken up- This was repetitive. His own life was repetitive, in a way, with all the deaths that occurred within it, his parents and Jason being two of them. Jason was taller than him now. Goodness, the little wing had grown up when he wasn't there to see it and he could never forgive himself for that. (He tries not to think about the little brother who died in that warehouse all those years ago. Jason had come back, but not the little brother he had known.) Jason tried not to think about the scrawny little boy who had died in that warehouse all those years ago. He was taller than Dick now, and he had come home ready to lord it over him, but Dick had started crying and hugged him and had apologized through the tears for not being there to see it. He tried not to think about the little boy who died in that warehouse all those years ago. That little boy hadn't come back to life with him. Kon-El had brought him back to life but not the boy who died in that warehouse, childishly innocent and idealistic and naive like Dick was as a child. He had been left to die. He wasn't going to make the same mistakes Batman did then, wouldn't leave his siblings unavenged like Batman left him- Damian was never a sentimental person. He had not allowed himself to get attached to Robin, nor would he allow himself to get attached to his father's other children like they were his own siblings by blood. \"Computer, tell me of Tim Drake,\" he ordered, eyes steady, hands clasped behind him. TIMERRY CASSIAN DRAKE blinked onto the computer's screen. Born to Jack and Janet Drake; preceded in the role of Robin by Jason Peter Todd, succeeded by Damian Wayne; age 20; current superhero identity is Red Robin. When had she taken up another hero identity? Surely, he or his father would have known if Tim had taken up vigilantism again if she had been in Brentwood, so close to Gotham. Then again, his father hadn't realized that Dick Grayson was in the manor until after a week of his being there. The photo that the computer had given of Tim was one of when she was Robin, flying across rooftops. The costume in its entirety is different from his own, and from those of her brothers; it was clearly made to include increased protection: an armored tunic, for one, and the gorget. The cape draped differently around her shoulders than it would around the shoulders of a typical female, settling on broad shoulders and a lean, lithe body. He's seen her old bo staff lying around from her days as Robin; Damian can only assume she had acquired a newer one for the purpose of being Red Robin. She would not be an easy opponent, that was for sure, but she would not be difficult to defeat, not if he was the one to defeat her. He'd been waiting for this for these past four years.[Chapter 2] Damian found himself littered with bruises and scrapes from fighting Tim Drake. This fight - this duel to prove that he was the superior Robin, that he had earned the role from his predecessor - had lasted longer than he'd thought it would, and Tim proved to be a more competent fighter than he'd thought. She was an admirable tactician and strategist, well-versed in what were clearly multiple forms of martial arts. If he wasn't so set on defeating her here and now - if he wasn't so damn proud, he thinks later - he might have even admitted it. Instead, he knocked her clean off the T-Rex skeleton in the Batcave (why Father had a T-Rex skeleton was beyond him), and seeing her topple over brought him no greater joy . Damian had just knocked her off that godforsaken dinosaur skeleton (Why did Bruce even have that? More importantly, where did he get it?); if she had landed, she might have sprained a bone or two, might have even shattered something, if it wasn't for Bruce passing under and miraculously catching her. Damian touched down next to them, all smug about his victory over her, this infuriating smirk on his face that is quickly wiped off when he sees Bruce's raised eyebrow and the infamous Batman Stare™. \"Should I even bother to ask ?\" The face Tim pulls at Damian is less severe than she would have liked it to be; already, a nasty bruise was beginning to form on her face. \" No ,\" she retorted sharply, and oh, if looks could kill, \"because he started the d- \" \"What are you doing fighting someone six yearsyounger than you?\" Bruce cut her off, depositing her on the floor. It is a question she can't give a proper response to, but it was true that Damian had started the whole damn thing. He was insufferable, too self-important for her liking. Of she, Jason, and Dick, she is the only one anywhere close to Damian's fourteen, but even that is a six year age difference. For a moment, she could have sworn she saw Damian's eyes flicker to the bruise on her cheek, another split second of concern. It was short-lived, though, if it ever happened. \"Tch. Why is unimportant,\" Damian muttered, petulant child that he was, \" I won, anyways.\" \"And gave me a nasty bruise to show for it,\" Tim hissed, eyes flashing like light catching on a dangerously sharp blade, all but ready to fight this little brat all over again- Bruce pulls her back by the collar of her shirt with a firm you need to rest! which was surprising given all they did was blatantly not rest. Damian had a look of defiance in his eyes, hard and cold with the unsettling, quiet sort of angry determination. It is the day after Tim's panic attack that the world quite literally begins to fall apart around them. Not that any of them besides Dick and Jason (and perhaps Alfred, too; he was scarily observant that way) noticed at first - Bruce, Damian, and Tim were all down in the Batcave, Alfred was...somewhere, and he and Jason were observing the damage from one of the many hidden cameras around Gotham. Still, even with the world falling apart, Dick worried about Tim. ...like he hadn't with Jason. Like somehow, by worrying about her, it would make up for all the years Jason was dead and Tim was still young and still Robin. He knew Conner had altered reality, had changed Tim's memories, too, so that she remembered Jason as her brother and not as this unknown dead boy who was her predecessor. Fortunately, her panic attacks were far and few between, but when they occurred, they were bad ones and every time, it was terrifying. \"Hey,\" Jason pipes up, interrupting his thoughts, \"this doesn't look like the work of any of Gotham's criminals, does it?\" \"No...not even Joker, and he's the one who's especially prone to damage like this.\" Dick gestured vaguely to the damage clearly caused by an explosion of some sort - the Joker was rather fond of bombs, after all - and the surrounding damage, caused by what seemed to be the work of Gotham's criminals. Yet it clearly wasn't their doing, especially since they had all been out on patrol these past few days (though Batdad thought it was just him and Damian) and the villains had all been doing what they usually did: the Condiment King trying to steal all the hot dog carts in the city, Joker going after Batman, Harley Quinn wreaking havoc alongside the Joker... Nothing was any different than how it usually was, if at all, so it was doubly strange that the city suddenly seemed to be crumbling of its own volition. It had reportedly been going on in other places as well, Cloud Cuckoo Land and Bricksburg having been the first two to start falling. The other Master Builders had been communicating with each other, trying to figure out what was happening, trying to rebuild what they could, but it was hard to keep up with the rate at which the cities were falling, even when they were all back and recovered from that whole Lord Business ordeal over a decade ago. \"You're not still worrying about Tim, are you?\" The look Jason gives him cuts right through the facade he's been trying to keep, cuts through the worry and the strife he's been trying to hide. \"...a bit,\" he settles on. \"More than a bit,\"Jason says, half-teasing. He laughed a little at that, the first time Dick has heard Jason laugh genuinely in a long time. He feels so worn these days, feels less and less like that little boy Bruce had adopted by accident all those years ago at the gala. He doesn't know why he's been trying so hard to hang on to that version of him: the small orphan who had only ever wanted to be adopted and had ended up being a hero in his own right instead. So he wouldn't forget who he was once, he supposed. He was still the same, though, at least a little bit. A little older, a little more battle-worn, more physically scarred, perhaps, but the same nonetheless. He was afraid to forget, he thinks. Afraid to forget how innocent and naive and oblivious he once was to the world, when he still saw Bruce as the greatest orphan ever and Batman as the greatest hero ever. He still- he still looked up to them both, but it is less idolization and more of respect that a hero who was also your adoptive father got. He is afraid to lose all of this, to lose his family again. He still had nightmares sometimes, about his parents falling to their deaths from the high wire. They weren't as bad as they were before when he was younger and the death of his parents was still so raw and new, but still, they are there and relentless. He cannot imagine what it must be like for Jason, who burned to death in an explosion only to come back to life to find Tim in his place as Robin, or for Tim, who lost her mother, her father, her stepmother, and the role of Robin in so little time. Jason still can't help but see Tim as his replacement , even four years after she has already left the role of Robin. It wasn't her he blamed so much as it was Bruce for replacing him without a second thought, or for leaving his death behind like it was nothing . He is still bitter about it, still angry that he had missed out on so much because he had died, that Bruce had left his Robin outfit up as some sort of horrible reminder of what happened to him. Like it wasn't awful enough knowing the man who had taken him in hadn't cared enough to avenge his death. . . . He doesn't know what to make of anything anymore. He's still not used to being alive again; he finds himself forgetting that he is, like he's a zombie or something, like he's not real . It hurts to look at Tim and only be able to see his replacement, to know that her memories have been altered so that she sees him as her brother and not the dead boy who'd come before her as Robin, who she used to look up to when she was still in foster care. He wants so desperately to hate her except he can't, not when she sees him like that. It would be easier, maybe, if he could hate her. Easier to stay away from what used to be his home, his family . ...he doesn't know if he should be counting himself lucky to have been brought back to life. They used to soar in plain sight over buildings. Tim remembers that much from when Jason was still Robin, when she was still in foster care and thinking nobody wanted her, when she still idolized the Dynamic Duo, before she was one of the Dynamic Duo. They used to soar in plain sight over buildings, capes trailing behind them like banners, like flags, like a pair of wings and if she believed hard enough it was almost like she could really fly. Her own cape hadn't been glittery like Dick's had been - not on the outside at least; the inside was covered in all the glitter she wanted - but it had been hers . They were more discreet now, more on the ground than flying over rooftops, hiding in the shadows more and more. It's forced she, Dick, and Jason up on the rooftops, ironically enough, but they've all got experience in hiding when they're up that high and that visible. She's missed this life, despite being Red Robin for a few years now since she had gone off to Brentwood. This whole crime-fighting deal was something that wasn't so easy to leave behind. It had been easier to sneak around and fight crime on her own, back at Brentwood. It was almost laughable, how easy it was. (That much she had learned from the Joker: how to sneak around Batman .) It should have made it easier to see Damian's winning punch, in the end. She had narrowly missed winning that fight with Damian. She had been so close to winning, so close to defeating him. What did she get from winning...? She didn't know. The fact that Damian didn't like her was all she knew. She didn't like him either, though Dick had resigned himself to Damian's existence and Jason seemed to have focused his energy on disliking her . The bruise from their little altercation has disappeared, mostly, having darkened to this blue-purple color within a few hours. It isn't very visible under her Red Robin mask, fortunately. Jason was somewhere in Crime Alley, and Dick somewhere farther ahead, tailing Batman and Damian. (She refuses to call him Robin. She refuses .) It was her tailing them originally, but Dick had made her wait, because the bruise was too recognizable to both Bruce and Damian, and if she wanted to keep her identity as Red Robin secret from them , she'd have to steer well clear of them until the bruise healed. She had protested, of course, vehemently. Dick had given her that Big Brother™ look, which carried all the authority he could muster. She can hear the sounds of whatever fight is going on off in the distance - Crime Alley, she thinks it is, so that must be Jason. Another one is happening closer to her, though, accompanied by cackling she recognized as the Joker's. She wasn't all that worried about Damian getting hurt, because it was an unspoken rule among Gotham's villains not to harm Robin - any Robin. It was Dick she was worried about, even though she knew he was more than capable of defending himself. For being the most crime-ridden city in the world, Gotham was actually pretty safe, at least during the daytime. At night was a different story - that was when all the big-time villains came out to play. Most of the daytime crimes were petty ones, nothing that the police couldn't handle under Barbara's command. Despite Gotham's crumbling - and the rest of the world's too - they are still out here fighting crime. Dick and Jason had mentioned how it wasn't that bad yet, how it could still be written off as normal damage. \" Yet ,\" she had said pointedly, tilting her head to the side. \"Tim?\" Dick landed softly near her, touching down on the skylight she'd hidden behind. \"What's Joker up to again?\" \"Getting Batdad's attention, as usual.\" Dick laughed, sounding so much like the brother she had known before they had all gone their separate ways. \"Damian doesn't seem to have taken to him like we did, though.\" Her mouth twitches its way into a smile, against her better judgement. \"Of course not. Damian sees all of Gotham's villains as exactly that.\" Dick looks at her curiously, contemplatively. \"...as villains or as a threat?\" \"Both, I guess. Not like they're much of a threat against the six of us.\" \"Five,\" Dick corrected. \"Barbara isn't here tonight. Hasn't been for a while. She said she might quit being Batgirl altogether.\" The moment of hesitation before she speaks again is evident - too evident. \" When ?\" \"A few days ago. She probably decided weeks or months ago, though, for all I know.\" Dick sighed, folding in on himself. \"It's going to be hard without her.\" \"We'll manage, though.\" Tim tilted her head back to look up at her brother. \"We've managed these past few days without her without even knowing.\" Dick's small smile wavered, if only for a moment. His face crumpled briefly before he covered it back up with the bright smile he usually wore. \"Yeah, I guess we will.\" Gotham is still crumbling. It is nothing major yet; nothing to warrant any worry or fear from the city's denizens, not when its villains still ran rampant at night. He has yet to tell Tim about it, though she has no doubt figured it out already. Damian and Bruce, too, had found out about it the night before, when the city was crumbling beneath their feet as they fought off Gotham's various villains. Gotham was crumbling away along with the rest of the world, and nobody, not even the Master Builders, knew what to do about it. It was only going to get worse if the problem was left alone, Dick knew, but the most they could do now was to leave it alone. The damage being done wasn't anything the citizens couldn't handle - it wasn't at a level yet where Master Builders had to swoop in and fix it, unlike in Bricksburg or in Cloud Cuckoo Land or even in the Wild West. It wasn't at that level yet, but it would be soon, Linh had said. Dick had asked her to figure out how long it might take for Gotham to start breaking down like the other cities had. It was already a miracle that it had started so much later than the other cities - it would be best, Linh told him, to figure out an evacuation plan soon, perhaps over the next few weeks or even days. Gotham's safety was, of course, of the utmost importance. It looked like none of them would be able to return to wherever they had come from - Tim to...college, he thinks, Jason back to Crime Alley, and he to Blüdhaven. It's funny - out of the three of them, it was Jason who had stayed behind in Gotham. Even though Dick himself was technically living within Gotham's locale, Blüdhaven was still a good half-hour away by driving. He isn't sure where Tim had gone - probably nearby Gotham like he'd done, but she seemed to have disappeared from the face of their world. Come to think of it, he'd been seeing all the news articles and the campaigns running against and for Red Robin, yet he'd never made note of the cities they had been in. How long had he been out of touch with Jason and Tim? How many times had he not been there for them when they needed it- ? Linh knew exactly how long it would take for Gotham to fall victim to its crumbling: a month and a half, at the most; three weeks at the least. It was easy for her to figure out the time frame they would have to work in when she had thrown herself into learning these sorts of things after her failed suicide attempt. She'd had all the time in the world then, when everyone thought her to be dead and the only people who knew she was alive was everyone who lived in the manor. She didn't think Damian knew she existed yet. She had, after all, only recently returned from traversing the world trying to track down Tim. She was sure that neither Bruce or Alfred would have mentioned her to Damian. Tim had been hard to find - clearly, the former Robin hadn't wanted to be found, not even by Linh. Sure, Red Robin had been reported about on various news stations, but even then they were all scattered across the world. She doesn't know how Tim had managed it, but Tim had always been the detective, had always been the one clever enough to figure out something like having all the world's news stations running something about her at the same time. Linh had yet to figure her out, even after four years. Yet, now that they were all back, they were all harder to read than ever. Dick was losing the optimistic view of the world he'd had before; Jason was even more shut off than he had been when Linh had known him; Tim was suffering panic attacks and isolating herself from her family, maybe unintentionally. She remembered, still, when they had been back at Gotham Academy, when Dick had been so eager to befriend her - though he was eager to befriend anyone and everyone - and Jason hadn't been so cold and angry and bitter and Tim had been...happier, Linh thinks. Tim had still been Robin then, and that is what she seems to be holding on to. Linh knew that much about the reason behind Tim's changes, at least: she could not seem to find it in herself to let go of the identity that being Robin had given to her, or to leave that life behind her. But it was vastly unimportant now. Their city was falling to its knees, and it wasn't even doing so because of its villains. The city was crumbling, sinking, breaking apart; she had told Dick that if they didn't act soon-well. The consequences went unsaid. ...she couldn't put off telling them that it may be the Man Upstairs taking them apart, brick by brick by brick. Damian awoke the next morning to the worried voices of his father and the... others . He wrinkles his nose at the thought of having to face even one of his predecessors. It was early still, perhaps seven or eight in the morning; he's surprised that they're up this early - or even up at all. He trudged his way to their voices, blinking the bleariness from his eyes. Dick was the only one among the three former Robins who was fully awake, at least somewhat. Tim's hair was in a wild state of bedhead - she clung now to Dick's arm, cheek pressed against his shoulder. Jason had simply fallen face first onto the kitchen island, all slumped over, the sound of his steady breathing so uncharacteristically gentle . (Alfred had slipped a small pillow under Jason's head, preventing any neck cricks that might have occurred otherwise.) Father's and Dick's voices were low, clearly so as to not wake the other two, but even then, Damian could hear that they were talking about the city's current predicament. Another girl was there too, shorter than even Tim, who was a full head shorter than his father. \"Cloud Cuckoo Land fell into the ocean, at least,\" he hears Father mutter darkly; Dick smiled wanly, a far cry from the normal brightness of his smiles. His hair wasn't so neatly brushed back as it usually was, instead more reflective of the early hour they all must have woken up at, yet that little hair quiff still persisted. It was aggravating; how much more \"golden boy\" could Richard Grayson get ? \"Gotham doesn't have much in the way of support anyhow,\" Damian cut in, making Dick jump. (He could see the dark bags under Dick's eyes, could see the exhaustion in his now slightly stooped posture, could see the way he was trying to stay strong for Tim and Jason and his father. Could it be? Was the original Boy Wonder not so golden as he looked?) \"It would fall into pieces right into the water.\" Dick made this small, strangled noise that he quickly covered with a cough, nearly throwing Tim off his shoulder. \"The water's not so deep as the ocean, though,\" he managed to squeak out, adjusting his body to Tim's ongoing slumber. \"But the slope is extremely close to the shore...\" Damian frowned at the thought of Gotham's topography - it was... eccentric , for the most part, and dangerous if one didn't know their way around it. \"That's just on this side of the city,\" the other girl pipes up, breaking the brief silence that had fallen. Her expression had settled into a neutral one, eyes flicking upwards to glance at him. (For a moment, he thought he saw a spark of malice in those eyes, directed towards him.) \"The other side's got normal oceanic topography.\" \"Of course it does,\" Damian muttered, dragging a hand through the mess his hair had become overnight. He doesn't miss the small snicker the girl tries to hide. Dick looked close to simply falling asleep on the kitchen island alongside Jason. He didn't know Gotham like they did; hadn't lived here for his whole life like they had - it is one of the few advantages they have over him. That and the fact that they know his father better than he did, had been taken in and raised and trained to be Robin by him, unlike Damian himself had. He was still - in many ways, he supposed - learning to be Robin. He had been raised to be an assassin, not a crime-fighter; he had been raised to be ruthless and cruel, not merciful and compassionate. It's so much simpler to stay that way. They stayed in from protecting Gotham that night. Dick had asked Jason and Tim to, though he knew Jason wouldn't listen and he had probably gone back to Crime Alley again once he got the chance. It hadn't been Alfred who'd asked Jason to return, after all - it had been Dick. Dick didn't know what was going on with his brother and sister, nor what was happening with Damian. He didn't want to resent Damian for being Robin, or for being Bruce's biological son. And he didn't, for the most part. He'd be lying if he said he didn't hold either of those things against Damian, at least a little bit. It was colder tonight, the waters around the manor more choppy than ever. He still had that shark repellent, believe it or not, its contents intact and largely unused. The sounds of Gotham's villains running amok echoed throughout the city. It was a miracle their crime-fighting hadn't woken up the entirety of Gotham, though Gotham's citizens must have been used to it after all these decades. The wind wasn't particularly strong tonight; a faint, cool breeze that wasn't exactly typical for Gotham but not unheard of. It was strong enough to sting his eyes if not for his glasses. Recently, he had taken to wearing contacts in Blüdhaven, simply for convenience - it certainly wouldn't do for his glasses to break there, especially since the city was significantly more dangerous than Gotham. Besides, he was rather fond of his glasses, though he had changed pairs over the years. They carried so many memories of his childhood. He can hear Gotham's crumbling all around, echoes of falling rocks and bricks into the water beneath the city. How long would it be until the manor - his home - would start falling, too? He hoped they could figure out what was happening before that ever happened. But that's probably what the other Master Builders thought, too, before their cities started falling apart. Linh had mentioned this morning that it seemed the Man Upstairs had a hand in this, like they were all being punished for something. He's scared, to say the least - terrified , in fact. He doesn't know what to do anymore. He had been conflicted over staying in Blüdhaven or going back to Gotham; Blüdhaven was, after all, much more dangerous than Gotham in terms of crime, but he was Tim and Jason's brotherfirst. He still felt a little guilty about leaving Blüdhaven to fend for itself, though he knew that its denizens were tough as nails and while they certainly weren't crime-fighting vigilantes, they could definitely beat up the city's villains if they tried. Blüdhaven was visible on the horizon if you knew where it was, and it almost looked like it was a part of Gotham. The only thing distinguishing it from Gotham, really, was the slightly different colored fog that settled over the city and the way its fog settled, floating upwards like curlicues around the buildings. Tim's stepmother was there, too, in one of the clinics after Jack Drake had been killed by Captain Boomerang. He pitied Dana and Tim both for Jack's death; he knew that Tim had grown rather close with her stepmother and now now she had lost the closest person she'd had to a mother unless he counted Barbara. It's funny - without all the tragedy that had happened within it, without all the crime or the thick fog that permeated just about every corner of the city, Gotham could have been beautiful.[Chapter 3] Linh wasn't a hero - that much was obvious. She wasn't a hero the way Bruce and Dick and Tim are, and Jason's role as Red Hood was...debatable. She has been behind the scenes, mostly. But for these past four years she had been tracking down Tim, unable to pin Red Robin down and unable to figure out where in the world Tim Drake had disappeared to; it was like some cruel game of hidden object. Lucky for her that Alfred had gotten Tim home. Gotten Dick home, too, who'd gotten Jason home. Tim, at least, was actually asleep tonight, head on Linh's shoulder. It was strange to see her sleeping for once. It might have been obvious to anyone, but sleep changed Tim's face almost entirely, and to see her so calm was unsettling. To see Tim out of the Red Robin costume was unsettling, too; Linh was too used to seeing her in it. For a moment, she could almost believe that Tim was normal, for lack of a better word. Seeing her as Tim Drake and not Red Robin...the person Linh hadn't fallen for back then. She says falls for, but that isn't really accurate. They had something akin to a friendship then, though she had met Tim as Robin and hadn't made the connection until much later. She had discovered Dick and Jason's identities as Nightwing and Red Hood, too, and they had assumed she would keep their secrets up until she had been asked to speak at some sort of event and she had called Gotham a city of secrets - the city was shrouded in them, in fact. Shrouded in shadows and secrets and she had nearly revealed their identities as Gotham's vigilantes to just about the entire city. She hadn't, of course, and she wouldn't dream of it now, but the thought had occurred to her then that she could easily reveal the identities of Gotham's venerated heroes. It didn't haunt her all that much, but still, Linh felt a little guilty for even having thought about it. She hadn't known then how much of their childhood was made up of this nighttime vigilantism, what it was to them. They wouldn't - couldn't - leave that life behind them. It was all they knew - all they were, in a lot of ways. She knew what it was to Tim, at least, from the emails Tim had sent her during her time in Brentwood; some form of identity that they didn't have before Bruce had taken them in. But what would Linh know of identity? She was a dead girl walking. Crime Alley being Red Hood territory was a fact most everyone in Gotham knew. Anyone with good sense knew not to head over to Crime Alley anyhow, unless they themselves were a criminal who knew their way around. Jason wasn't a criminal, by any means, but Crime Alley was his. He was an orphan on this street, had tried to steal the Batmobile's tires here- ...even the streets where he spent his childhood weren't free from the memories of anything regarding his old life. It wasn't like his memories of his childhood were particularly happy, nor was he nostalgic for them. He had simply been trying to survive then, and he supposed that's what he was doing now. He hadn't wanted to go back to the manor. It was Dick who had convinced him to go back. There was no love lost between Jason and the Bats of Gotham, but still, still -couldn't they put that aside? It was less that Dick had convinced him to go back and more that he had made himself go with some odd, flawed logic of his: don'tgo they don't want you there; gogogo and you can kick bruce's ass for replacing you with tim gogogogo Funny. None of them were really okay after their respective stints as Robin, were they? He can still see the manor from here, and the sprawling buildings that made up Wayne Enterprises from the rooftops. He just couldn't stay away from rooftops. He doesn't know if Tim remembered him as Robin; only knew that Tim's memories were changed so that she remembered him as her brother. Except he...wasn't. Not really, anyways, not the way she thought. They hadn't grown up together the way she believed them to have done. No, that was Tim and Dick who'd grown up as siblings, who had a closer relationship than he'd ever had with either of them. It wasn't in his nature to be kind, or to worry. Yet the latter was coming to him more often - he worried about what might happen to Gotham; worried about what was happening with Tim what with her panic attack the other day; worried about what might happen to him now that Bruce didn't seem to have any use for him anymore. He'd faded away into the background, and in the process he had become this abandoned memory, covered in cobwebs in the back of their minds. ...there was no love lost between Jason Todd and the Bats of Gotham. He had a feeling he might regret putting that aside later on. It wasn't in Damian's nature to be kind. Everything was simple to him, all black and white rather than the rose-colored lenses the rest of the world preferred. It had been a week and a half since Gotham had started to crumble and already, the small damages to the city were becoming more evident. It wouldn't be long until it would be too much for any of them to fix, even with his father, Dick, Tim, and himself being Master Builders. But this was his city now, too. He didn't let himself forget that, lest he did and was drawn back to his mother. It was not that he felt any sort of sympathy towards the city, nor did he feel obligated to protect it, but that was his duty now, he supposed. It was part of what entailed being Robin. He was not obligated to be Robin, either, by any means, but that was...it was not a part of him the way it seemed to be with Dick and Jason and Tim. He had defeated Tim and yet he still didn't feel like he had proved his right to the role - perhaps it was the fact that Tim still seemed to have a bone to pick with him, didn't seem to accept her clear defeat. Or perhaps-maybe it was that Robin was never his to begin with. It was a skin that didn't quite fit; one that was much more than a simple role to Dick, Tim, and Jason. Or maybe that was it - the role of Robin was never anything more than a role to him, whereas with the others it was almost like the essence of their being. It was the kickoff point for their own hero identities, he supposed. Hell, Tim had even named herself Red Robin, had kept the red and black color scheme that her own Robin costume had taken on at one point. He wondered about that ever since he saw it among the photos the Batcomputer had of his predecessors, but he cannot bring himself to ask her. Gotham was crumbling. Gotham was everything to his father. Damian knew that much about him, out of the few personal things he'd learned of his father in the four years he had been here. Gotham was everything to his father, next to Dick and Tim and Jason, his predecessors who had drifted so far away from the manor they once called their home. It had been two weeks since Gotham had started crumbling. The night sky was somehow even darker than before tonight, even though it was getting closer to sunrise. It should've made for easier hiding, what with his own costume being mostly black, but this darkness was...it felt malicious. Maybe Dick should have expected that, especially with what was happening to Gotham. ...Gotham was everything to Bruce, particularly after... well, his own orphaning. They had managed to keep it under control for the most part, but how long until the city would become truly irreparable? Linh had said three weeks at the minimum, a month and a half at the most. They didn't have a month and a half to wait for Gotham to fall, for their home city to sink into the surrounding waters, for their world as they knew it to go out one scream at a time. From the rooftop, he can see Tim a little bit ahead, trailing Bruce and Damian. Jason was back in Crime Alley as usual, and Dick... He had situated himself on one of the Joker's old hideouts; one that the Joker had long since stopped using. It was from his own days as Robin, he knew, so neither Bruce nor Damian would think to look there for anything regarding Batman's long-time enemy. Or Damian wouldn't at least. Bruce could tend to be a little paranoid about Gotham's villains, and Dick wouldn't put it past him to check on every villain hideout from time to time regardless of whether it was still used. ...not this one, though. It was the warehouse where Jason had died. None of them had returned here since then. Tim, of course, didn't know, at least to his knowledge. If she did, she hadn't mentioned it. He almost wanted her to, despite the old memories it would bring up. The ground shakes, throwing him off the roof - fortunately, his reflexes were fast enough for him to catch hold of the street lamp nearby before he could fall to the ground. It would have been a nasty fall, though with his training he could have easily landed without breaking anything. Dick waited a beat before letting himself drop from the street lamp, wondering if it had simply been one of Gotham's many villains or if it had been Gotham's falling that had caused the mini earthquake. Tim showed up a few moments later, a look of worry on her face. He doesn't miss the way her eyes flicker over to the warehouse, her expression going still and hardened for a brief second before being shunted aside by worry again. She knew, then, about Jason. \"Dick,\" she says softly, the most she's sounded like a child in all the years they've been siblings. She sounded almost scared, and why wouldn't she be? He certainly was. \"It's getting late, baby bird,\" he murmured, watching the sun begin to peek hesitantly over the horizon. His eyes have unfocused for a bit, everything going slightly blurry. \"...we should head back.\" \"I guess .\" Tim sounded almost irritated. She would, what with Gotham and its crime and crumbling, and her own sense of morality. She never could leave Gotham behind in its times of need. And Gotham needed them now more than ever. ","Summary":" Tim was well past the age of being able to call herself \"Boy Wonder\". They all were; it has been "},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"My Version of Footloose: MESSAGE TO READERS","Author":"authorgirl99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11957493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I deleted the story... I am really sorry guys. You've been really good to this crappy story I wrote when I was obsessed with Footloose. But never fear! I have not left you! I moved to Wattpad under Ordinary_Chaos. It is far easier to write on Wattpad even though I absolutely love fanfiction. If you really want this story done and finished, message me! I'll do it for you guys! But it will have to be on Wattpad so I can do easy writing and truly make a good story. Thanks! Love u! ","Summary":" So I deleted the story... I am really sorry guys. You've been really good to this crappy story I wr"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Advice from a Bat-Chelor","Author":"BlueJay026","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12467192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Robin! What happened to the remote?\" Batman dug in between the seat cushions, feeling for the familiar slab of plastic. \"Right here, Padre!\" Robin's grinning face appeared over the seat, the remote in hand. Batman took it. \"Thanks, kid.\" Robin bounded up and over into the chair next to Batman, squeaking the leathery cushions. \"Oh man, I can't wait, Batdad! I love this movie so much! It's one of my favorites!\" \"Yeah.\" Batman relaxed against his seat. \"Mine too.\" Robin leapt off his seat and dashed for the kitchen. \"I'll go help Miss Gordon with the ice cream!\" Batman chuckled a little, then started setting up the input and the main menu. The addition of ice cream for movie night had been Robin's idea, but Barbara had strongly advocated for it, too. Seriously, there was nothing like coming home to watch a rom-com after an epic night of butt-kicking. They worked hard, they fought hard, and they saved the city again. Of course, it wasn't like tonight's fight had been much of a challenge. Joker seemed out of sorts, a bit more neurotic than usual. Wasn't at the top of his game for whatever reason. Not that it would mess up their movie night, though. They earned it, which made the occasion all the more satisfying. Barbara entered, auburn ponytail flopped over one shoulder, with Robin close at her heels. Both carried bowls heaped high with ice cream and bottles of soda and water. As they arranged the refreshments on the arm of each chair, Batman yelled towards the kitchen. \"Alfred! Is the popcorn done yet?\" Alfred walked in a mere second after the inquiry. \"Here you are, Master Bruce.\" He set one bowl between Batman and Robin, the other next to Barbara. Alfred sat down next to her, sighing in satisfaction as he laid back and stretched his legs across the cushion. \"Great!\" Batman did a quick double-check, glancing around him to make sure everything was in place: family-friends, popcorn, soda, ice cream sundaes. \"Are we all set?\" Barbara nodded and twisted the cap off her water bottle. \"I believe we are.\" \"Start the movie, start the movie!\" Robin urged, bouncing in his seat. Batman smirked. \"Alright, let's get this party started.\" He jabbed the 'Play' button on the remote. It was just at that moment when the gongish-doorbell of the Wayne Manor rang. Batman sat straight up and glared out the doorframe in disbelief. \"Are you kidding me? Now? Right as we're starting a movie?!\" He groaned as he paused the film, sinking back in his seat. \"Alfred, would you mind getting that?\" Alfred, who already looked like he was ready to fall asleep, grunted as he leaned forward. \"Right away, Master Bruce.\" Barbara, however, frowned and put her hand on the butler's shoulder. \"Hang on, Alfred.\" Turning to the Caped Crusader, she said, \"Hey, Batman, Alfred's been on his feet all day, why don't you give him a break and go get the door yourself?\" \"But getting the door is part of his job description!\" he protested. Barbara lowered her eyebrows. \"Batman...\" Batman groaned again, then threw the remote down. \"Fine! I'll do it.\" He stood and stalked out of the movie room, muttering under his breath about ding-dongs and movie-ruiners. \"Hmm...\" Barbara watched him as he left. Despite her frown, the corner of her lip inched a tad upward. \"Still need to work on manners with that boy.\" \"Indubitably,\" Alfred agreed, lightly smirking with her. Batman continued his muttering all the way to the door, his complaints escalating in volume the more the doorbell rang. Okay, seriously, did they even need to ring it more than once? He heard them the first time! It better not be some sort of salesperson or something like that. He had enough cool stuff already, he didn't need anything else. Especially not during movie night. Who shows up on your doorstep at night, anyway? Well, technically, it was six in the morning, but calling it movie night was way cooler than calling it movie morning, in Batman's opinion. \"For crying out loud, I'm coming!\" He stomped up to the fancy, molded double-doors and jerked at the locks. \"Who do you think you are, interrupting Batfamily Rom-Com Night?! We worked hard for this, you know! This better be important,\" he threw the doors wide open, squinting at the morning sunlight, \"otherwise I'm gonna - Joker?!\" \"Hey, Batsy!\" Joker waved. \"Rom-Com Night, huh?\" Batman flung a batarang so hard it whacked his arch-nemesis off the threshhold and sent him tumbling down the long flight of stairs. Batman raced after him, grabbing two more batarangs from his robe's pockets and aiming them at the psychopath as soon as he fell flat on his face. For a moment, Joker laid motionless on the pavement. He slowly pushed himself up to a sitting position. His complexion clenched into a grimace as he rubbed the red mark blossoming over his left cheekbone, and he shot a glare at the vigilante. \"Sheesh, a friendly, 'Oh, hello Joker, what brings you here?' would have been nice.\" \"What are you doing here?\" Batman demanded. \"I beat you already, you should be off crying somehwere about that, not here trying to catch me off guard!\" Joker carefully stood to his feet, Batman keeping the batarangs trained on him as he did so. But Joker calmly put his hands up, a cool smile erasing away the former grimace. \"Relax, Batsy. I'm not here to see you; I'm here to pay a friendly visit to good ol' Wayne Moneybags. He wouldn't happen to be home at the moment, would he?\" \"Wayne Moneybags?\" Batman cocked his head. \"You mean Bruno? As in the brilliant billionaire Bruce Wayne?\" \"Yep! So if you'll just let me get past-\" Joker moved sideways away from the batarangs and forwarded, intending to climb up the stairs again. \"Whoa, whoa, hang on a second!\" Batman's arm flung in front of the criminal, blocking his path. The other waved a batarang in Joker's face so that the tip nearly poked him in the nose. \"You are an enigmatic criminal psychopath. Why would you of all people want to talk to him? Or more appropriately, why should you of all people get to talk to him?\" \" Because ,\" Joker sung, folding his hands behind his back, \"I bet he really loves living here in his mansion. Would be such a shame if it happened to, you know, blow up or something.\" He shrugged, a tiny smile playing across his face. \"But you know, that probably won't happen, if he talks to me, anyhow.\" \"Yeah, it won't happen,\" Batman spat, \"because there are no explosives anywhere in this area.\" \"How do you know?\" Joker challenged, voice light and taunting. Batman grabbed the smartphone from his pocket and shoved the screen in Joker's face. \"Because I have the latest threat-detection devices wired everywhere around this mansion and into my phone. If there were explosives, I'd know about them by now.\" \"What if they're untraceable?\" \"Impossible. Wayne Enterprises has invented security systems that can detect any and all kinds of explosives, even the so-called untraceable ones. If there were any explosives right here, right now, I would be notified and the threat would be neutralized.\" He towered over him and jabbed him in the chest. \"Watch your bluff, clown.\" \"Okay, so maybe there aren't explosives,\" Joker admitted, smile slipping into a half-frown. \"But that doesn't mean I can't talk to him!\" \"Why?\" \"You're too paranoid, Batsy. You need to lighten up a little!\" He pulled an affronted frown, clasping his hands in front of his stomach and blinking innocently. \"Do you think I'm always up to no good? What if I came here just for advice?\" Batman narrowed his eyes. \"What kind of advice?\" \"Brucy's been the Most Eligible Bachelor for 90 years in a row now, right?\" \"Pft. Everyone knows that.\" \"I figured that if he's been eligible for 90 years now, there must be a reason why.\" Joker laughed. \"Keeps scaring all the ladies off for some reason!\" Batman pointed a batarang at the clown's face. \"Hey! Don't you question his bachelor status! He just hasn't found the right woman yet! And what do you care if he's been single for 90 years?\" \"Well, the thing is, I need some help. It's about Harley.\" Joker scuffed his foot into the ground, biting down on his lower lip. \"She hasn't been acting like herself lately. I've been trying to figure out what's wrong with her, but she won't tell me anything, and the guys and other gals I'm forced to work with just to carry out a decent scheme are no help at all. But, I just happened to pick up a magazine the other day, and it just happened to mention that Wayne Moneybags was the ultimate ladies' man, so I thought that if anyone could help me figure out what's up with my girl-buddy, it'd be him!\" Whatever in Joker's mind made him think Bruce Wayne would willingly give him advice, let alone talk to him at all, Batman was unsure. But for now, this clown was interrupting Batfamily Movie Night, and he needed to leave pronto. \"I don't have any incentive for him,\" Joker went on, \"but if you could just play along like the explosives were actually here...\" \"Yeah, not gonna happen,\" Batman stated. \"Bruno's gone, and he won't be back for weeks.\" Joker blinked, as if he had not even considered that possibility. \"What? What do you mean, 'gone'?\" \"'Gone' as in absent, not present, not here, as in there was no point in you coming here or in staying here, so you should just go now.\" Joker paused, then regained a hopeful smile. \"What about you? You've had a few girlfriends over the years, and you do spend your free time watching movies about relationships. Maybe you could help me out!\" Batman crossed his arms. \"No way.\" \"What? Why not?\" \"Because I don't want to,\" Batman shrugged. \"Isn't that obvious?\" Joker's jaw dropped, and then his eyebrows dipped into a 'v'. \"Well, you have to!\" \"Why?\" \"Because!\" He stamped his foot, hands clenched into fists at his sides. \"It's just plain rude not to! I didn't come all this way here just to get the door slammed in my face, thank you very much! You have to help me!\" \"If we were friends, maybe,\" Batman shrugged again. \"But because you're my greatest enemy, I don't have to.\" \"Well...\" Joker stopped, suddenly torn, and then half-shrugged in assent. \"That's true, but-\" \"But nothing,\" the vigilante cut him off. \"Look, I'm really busy enjoying Batfamily Movie Night - trying to, anyway - so why don't you just go on home and think really hard as to how you can beat me next time? Last night was barely a challenge, bro. You seriously need to step up your game.\" Batman pivoted on his heels and ascended the stairs, shoving the batarangs into his pockets. He reentered his house, firmly pulling the doors shut behind him. Except they wouldn't close all the way, for Joker had shoved a hand and foot between them. \"Batman, please!\" He pulled hard on the mansion's doors, desperate to keep them open. \"I don't know what else to do! No one will tell me anything!\" His mouth had curved into a frantic frown, a stark contrast to his annoyance moments before. \"Do you want me to grovel? I'll do it!\" Batman shuddered and kicked him off the threshhold. Joker rolled head-over-heels backwards, flopping onto his stomach just inches before the long flight of stairs. \"No, I don't want you to grovel! I want you to go away!\" Joker lifted his head, and then meekly picked himself up. He started forward. \"But Harley-\" \"Whatever your problem is, you can figure it out yourself! Goodbye!\" Batman slammed the door, conversation declared over. He exhaled sharply. When he turned around, Robin was standing there, head cocked. \"Who was that, Batdad?\" \"Just Joker,\" Batman growled, waving the answer off as nothing. Robin's eyes grew even larger with wonder. \"The Joker? At our house?\" He scrambled up to one of the windows by the doors and peeked between the red curtains. \"Why? What did he want?\" \"Some help in his sad romance,\" Batman scoffed. \"Does he have a girlfriend?\" \"Yeah, Harley Quinn, the crazy chick with the big hammer. They're a thing.\" Robin glanced at him. \"Well, did you help him?\" \"Pft, no. Why would I?\" \"Because it's the kind thing to do, Padre!\" Robin smiled. Batman shrugged it off. \"Ah, well. He'll figure it out, he'll get over it.\" He descended the red carpeted stairs to the dining room, motioning towards the home theater. \"Come on, let's get back to watching the movie. You didn't start it without me, did you?\" Robin didn't answer right away. \"Uh, Batdad?\" \"What?\" \"Joker's still here.\" \"What?\" Batman spun around, an incredulous look on his face. \"What do you mean he's still here? I just told him to go away!\" He bolted back up the stairs. \"Doesn't he know how to take a hint?\" \"He looks pretty upset.\" \"What do you mean?\" Batman looked out the window to see what his son was talking about. Down below, near the gates of the manor, Joker was kicking the front left wheel of his purple hunk of junk he called his ride. A part came loose from the hood, which he proceeded to pick up and hurl across the manicured lawn. Stomping over to it, he kicked it a few more yards away, yelling and flinging his arms up and down as he did so. He returned to his car, forced the driver's door open, and flopped down in his seat, arms crossed and pointed tooth sticking out over the line of his mouth. Batman laughed out loud. He shook his head. \"That's great.\" His arch-nemesis just sat there like that for a few moments. Soon he turned the keys and gripped the steering wheel, but remained fixed in that posture. His infuriated expression began to melt; the lower lip trembled, eyes got all teary. He sniffled and then lowered his forehead to the wheel. His shoulders shook up and down. \"Now it's just pathetic,\" Batman muttered. Robin, however, gaped in pity. \"Aw, Padre! We just can't leave him like that!\" \"Why not?\" Batman wondered. \"He's Joker. You know, the person we spend our evenings beating up because he wants to turn Gotham City into his chaotic theme park?\" \"He's a person, too, Batdad,\" Robin replied, looking at his father, \"even though he's our greatest enemy.\" Batman looked at his greatest enemy again. Despite his disgust, he couldn't help feeling a dull pang of guilty sympathy for the sad clown. But he could live with that. Joker had frequent outbursts, so he would soon get over this one... Probably... What he couldn't live with, however, was ignoring the quizzical expression, the hidden expectation, Robin was giving him. This kid looked up to him. If he didn't man up and do what he really, really, really didn't want to do but knew was nevertheless the right thing to do... Batman did the most exaggerated groan he could possibly manage, tossing back his head and slamming it against the window. \"FINE! Fine! I'll go help him.\" Robin smiled. \"You're the best, Padre!\" \"Yeah, yeah, I know,\" Batman muttered, moving to the doors to unlock them. \"I'm so awesome, I can't help myself.\" \"Do you want me to come help?\" Robin offered, trotting behind him. Batman shook his head. \"Nah, you go ahead and start watching the movie with Alfred and Babs, 'kay? I've seen it a thousand times already, anyway. I'll be back soon.\" \"Okay, Batdad!\" Robin disappeared down the stairs and into one of the halls. Batman took a deep breath, bracing himself, then swung the doors open again and stepped outside. He groaned to himself as he forced his legs to walk towards the lowrider and its occupant, clenching and unclenching his claw hands to help him resist the urge to rap about how much he didn't want to do this. That would make for a pretty dope track, though.[Chapter 2] Batman finally reached the edge of the lawn. For a moment he contemplated turning around and heading back inside, but with an inhale and puff of his chest, he forced himself to continue on. He rolled his eyes at the faint sobbing sounds coming from the front seat of the lowrider, although the engine's rumble drowned out most of what could be heard. Batman stopped by the driver's door. He groaned under his breath as he kicked at the ground. \"Alright Joker, fine. I'll help you. And for the record, it's only so you'll get off my property.\" \"You mean Bruce Wayne's property?\" The reply was muffled, considering the driver had his face pressed against the wheel. \"Whatever.\" Batman crossed his arms. \"Just tell me what your problem is so we can get this over with.\" \"Oh, feeling benevolent now, are we?\" Joker lifted his head and glared through tears at Batman. \"Well, maybe I don't want your help anymore! Maybe I'll just drive away and figure out what to do all by myself! Huh? What do you think about that?\" He folded his arms over his chest and turned his face up and away. Batman growled. \"Do you want my help or not?\" Joker kept silent for a few moments, still pouting, and then sighed. \"Yes.\" \"Fine.\" Batman turned his head, looking at the iron gate of the manor to gather his thoughts. If he dared admit it, he had made his fair share of mistakes when it came to dating women. Not that many, because he was Batman, of course, but even he had to learn his lessons along the way. He also watched plenty of other men mess up, although that was mostly from rom-com films. Still, screenwriters had to get their material from somewhere, right? \"You said Harley wasn't acting like herself,\" Batman recalled, glancing at his green-haired nemesis. \"Tell me about that, bro.\" \"...She hasn't been as perky as usual,\" Joker explained after a brief silence. He twisted the keys, shutting off the engine, and leaned back in his seat. \"She's been a bit...\" His hand made tiny circles as he searched for the right word. \"...Deflated. She doesn't talk to me unless I say something, and even then it's with short answers. And whenever I tell a joke, she either gives me a fake laugh or doesn't respond at all.\" \"Could it be that maybe your jokes have just gotten even worse than usual?\" Joker turned to glower at him. \"Because, you know,\" Batman shrugged, \"your jokes are lame already, so maybe she's getting tired of them.\" \"You just don't understand comedy,\" Joker retorted with a roll of his eyes. \"And anyway, Harley always laughs at my jokes - really hard, too! But I haven't heard her sincerely laugh for days now.\" His frown softened as he rested his chin on the steering wheel. \"She hasn't even called me sugarplum, or Mistah J, or puddin'.\" Batman made a face. \"Gross.\" \"I don't understand why she won't tell me what's wrong,\" Joker went on, leaning back again and hanging one hand over the door. He couldn't keep still. \"She always tells me everything, even when I don't want to hear about it. Why won't she tell me now? When I actually want to hear about it?\" \"Hard to say.\" There could be many different reasons. Batman placed a hand on his chin. \"Do you have any idea at all what could be bothering her?\" Joker shrugged. \"Not really. I've even tried asking Catwoman and Poison Ivy what's wrong, but they just glare at me and tell me I should know, whatever that means. Which is stupid, because if I did know, I wouldn't have asked them in the first place.\" \"Ah.\" Batman flicked his claw hand. \"That means it's your fault.\" Joker's eyebrows shot up. \"What?\" He pointed to himself and narrowed an eye. \"Me? What do you mean, 'me'? How is this my fault?\" \"Whenever the ladies gang up against you like that, you know you did something stupid.\" The clown stared at Batman, the skeptical expression never leaving his face. \"Well, I don't know what ,\" he finally said, stretching his arms apart. \"Harley never gets upset with anything I do.\" Batman frowned, not entirely convinced of that statement. True, Harley was Joker's biggest fan. She had always been devoted to him and probably always would be. Still, Harley must have had her limits that even Joker could push. Batman suspected that Joker had unwittingly struck a certain nerve, and Harley was doing the best she could to hide it from him. What Joker could have possibly done, Batman had no clue. But they might as well start with the basic feminine pet peeves and then work their way down the list. They'd hit something sooner or later. \"Did she get a haircut or a new outfit?\" Joker thought for a moment, then gave his head a slight shake. \"No. If she had gotten a haircut or something like that, I would have noticed right away.\" \"What makes you so sure about that?\" \"Well, she always goes way out with her fashion choices. Subtlety isn't really her thing, so I would have noticed right away if she changed things up.\" True. Next question: \"Did you insult her or say anything to her she might have taken the wrong way?\" \"Oh no, I actually complimented her on how cute she was the other day.\" He grinned, shutting his eyes. \"She's so pretty. And then she told me how handsome I was.\" He swept back his emerald hair as if to prove his point. Batman blew a raspberry. \"No wonder that girl needs glasses.\" Joker glared. \"Hey, you're one to talk! At least I'm not ashamed of my looks. Unlike some people who dress in black and hide in the shadows to conceal their terrible fashion choices.\" He threw a pointed look at the vigilante, smirking. \"Oh yeah? At least I have abs. Unlike some people who wear outdated coattails.\" \"They're not outdated!\" He proudly flipped back the purple tails. \"Coattails are timeless, not to mention absolutely fashionable all year round.\" \"Yeah, well, abs are better, especially if you have a nine-pack.\" \"A nine-pack? Who has a nine-pack? Is that even a thing?\" \"If you actually worked out, you would know.\" Joker blew out a breath, propping a foot up on the wheel and folding his arms behind his head. \"Whatever you need to say to boost your ego, Batsy. I know how important that is to you.\" He smirked again. Batman growled. \"Back to your sad romance... Special dates, birthdays, anything like that?\" \"Nah, that's not it.\" Batman paused. That answer came out a little too quick. \"Are you sure? There's no special occasion?\" \"Nope.\" \"At all? Think really hard, bro.\" This time, Joker did hesitate. \"No...\" He tapped his chin, and then a flicker of remembrance crossed his expression. \"Well, I mean, there was our anniversary, but that can't be it.\" Batman cocked his head. \"Anniversary?\" \"Yeah, the day Harley sprung me from Arkham Asylum. She became my girl-buddy that day.\" He smiled. \"That was a great day.\" Well, for the two clowns, maybe. That hadn't been a particularly great day for the city of Gotham. Aside from wreaking havoc inside Arkham, the duo went around the city destroying property and stealing stuff for Joker's next big scheme. Batman noted that Joker had said 'was.' \"What did you guys do to celebrate?\" \"Oh, we didn't do anything.\" Batman blinked. \"...Uh, what?\" Joker nodded. \"Yeah, we were too busy to celebrate this year, so we're gonna hold off and see if next year will work.\" Batman suddenly had a bat-hunch. \"When was your anniversary?\" \"Oh, it was yesterday,\" he replied airily. Yesterday, as in, last night. The pieces clicked together in Batman's super-mind, and he gave the clown an incredulous look. \"You put off your anniversary with your girlfriend just to terrorize Gotham City?\" \"Well, yeah, but Harley was cool with it.\" Batman crossed his arms. \"What exactly did she say to you, Joker, when you talked with her about it?\" \"She said, 'Fine,' and that was that.\" He shrugged. \"No big deal.\" A batarang smacked the clown right on the mark Batman left the first time. Joker yelped, clenching the spot, and then glared at the Caped Crusader when he recovered well enough. \"OW! What was that for?\" Batman threw his hands out, jaw dropped. \"Bro! That's a big deal! You don't put off your girlfriend's anniversary and then expect her to be fine with it!\" Joker tilted his head a tad. \"But she's always fine with it!\" Batman stared. \"What do you mean, 'always fine with it'?\" \"We end up putting it off every year. I mean, it used to be a special occasion. At least, I think it was...\" Joker's eyebrows lowered slightly. \"Come to think of it, I can't really remember the last time we celebrated it. But the best time to attack Gotham City is always around our anniversary. All the planes and ships with the best explosives and coolest chemicals just seem to pass through this time of year, and the opportunity to use them is just too good to pass up, so our anniversary's had to take the back burner pretty much every year.\" Batman glared at the clown, his mouth hanging open in disbelief. Joker's eyes flitted to the second batarang in Batman's grasp. He tensed, and his voice wasn't quite as nonchalant as before. \"Why? Is that bad?\" The batarang clocked Joker on the right side of the head. He yelped yet again as he fell over the lowrider's door, landed on his side, and flopped over on his back. \"Was that really necessary?!\" \"I'm not even gonna answer that,\" Batman muttered. When he was able to, Joker rolled over and stood to his feet. \"But she's never been bothered about it before! Why would it be a problem this year?\" \"How do you know it hasn't bothered her before, Casanova?\" Batman crossed his arms. \"How do you know this isn't the first time you crushed her heart into tiny little pieces? Maybe this is just the first time you actually noticed it.\" Joker winced, yet there was still a hint of skepticism in his tone. \"But if it's such a big deal, why wouldn't she say something?\" \"If she thought you cared,\" Batman shrugged, \"maybe she'd say something. But if you keep putting it off over and over again, what else is she going to think except that it doesn't matter to you?\" Joker gripped his wrist, briefly glancing at the ground. \"But it's just an anniversary... Just another date on the calendar, you know. It's not like I don't care about her .\" \"That's not how most women view anniversaries, bro. For Harley, your anniversary isn't just another date on the calendar. It's incredibly special to her because it marks the day you two became... best buddies.\" He had to swallow a gag at that wording. He pointed another batarang at Joker's face, circling it for emphasis. \"What does it tell her if you're too busy to celebrate it anymore? Isn't she going to think that your relationship with her isn't as special to you as it is to her?\" Realization lit Joker's face, and a look of guilt shortly followed. \"Aw, Harley...\" He bit down on his lower lip, coattails sagging. \"That's why she's so upset...\" \"Yeah, duh,\" Batman crossed his arms again. \"Did it really need to take you this long to figure it out?\" \"I smashed my girl-buddy's heart...\" He banged his head against the car door, squeezing his eyes shut. He stayed that way for a minute or so. \"What do I do now?\" \"Easy. Go back to her, tell her you were an idiot, and make it up to her.\" \"Make it up to her...\" Joker lapsed into thought for a few moments, and then lifted his head to quirk an eyebrow at Batman. \"Like take her out on a date or something?\" \"Whatever you would have done if you celebrated your anniversary, only make it even better. You need to show her how much you appreciate her. We both know she appreciates you a lot. You need to do the same for her.\" Joker looked down, thinking, and then the line of his mouth transformed into a wide grin. \"Yes! Yes, that's exactly what I'll do!\" \"That's exactly what you better do,\" Batman corrected gruffly. Joker's grin curled into a devious smile, and he rubbed his claw hands together. \"And I know just how to do it!\" He laughed, long and triumphant. \"Good. Now you can leave.\" Joker's smile morphed back into a happy grin as he addressed the vigilante once more. \"Thanks, Batman! It's a good thing you're a die-hard rom-com fan! Never hurts to be a romantic, now does it?\" He smirked at him. Batman clenched his jaw. \"You're paying for that next time I see you.\" \"Hehe, I know.\" Joker turned on a leg and hopped into his car. \"Well, I better get going! Anniversary plans don't make themselves, you know!\" \"Yeah, good riddance,\" Batman replied. Now he could finally get back to watching the movie. Joker twisted the keys and revved the engine. \"Thanks again, Batsy! Oh, and by the way-\" he scooped a little box from the passenger's seat and scribbled something over it- \"here's a little something for your trouble.\" He threw the parcel in the air, and with his characteristic laugh, he sped away, nearly grazing the iron gate on the way out. And then he was gone. \"Finally,\" Batman muttered. He looked down at the box that landed near his feet. The name \"Brucy\" had been crossed out, a sloppy \"Batsy\" written above it. Scowling, Batman poked the box with the batarang, side-stepping to avoid any surprise explosions. Nothing. Cautiously, he tipped the lid. He jumped aside just as a pie sprung out. It splattered and smeared thick white cream on the grass, its silver pan stamped with Joker's face and a \"Gotcha!\" caption. Batman shook his head. \"Nice try, bro.\" \"Batman?\" \"GAH!\" Batman spun around. Barbara stood a few feet away, quirking an eyebrow at him. He groaned. \"Seriously, why do you keep doing that?!\" \"Is everything okay?\" She stepped closer, cocking her head. \"I saw that you and Joker were talking for awhile.\" \"Oh?\" A smirk tugged at his lips. \"Were you spying on me?\" She glared. \"I was only watching just in case things got out of hand. That was it.\" \"Or,\" Batman raised a hand in protest, \"you were spying on me because you have, like, a totally big crush on me. And I wouldn't blame you if you did.\" Barbara groaned, rolling her eyes, and then asked, \"I'm assuming everything went well? There was no incident? Other than the cream pie?\" \"Yeah, everything's fine, Babs. I totally got everything taken care of. You know why? 'Cause I'm Batman.\" He tapped his cowl, switching on one of his favorite tunes, and started dancing to the sick beat. \"I'm Batman! I'm awesome! I've got a nine-pack!\" The vigilante was certain he saw a hint of a smile as Barbara shook her head. \"Whatever you say, Batman.\" She turned towards the stairs, motioning for him to follow. \"Come on, let's get back to the movie. I don't think it's over just yet.\" Batman gladly walked after her. \"Right behind you, Babs.\" A/N: Hi everyone! I apologize this took so long to finish; this chapter was difficult to write. I wasn't happy with this the first time I wrote it, and I was worried that all the talking made it kinda boring. But given the nature of Joker's dilemma and the way Batman went about solving it, I couldn't get around the heavy amount of dialogue. Anyways, hope you enjoyed it regardless! I've got one more chapter planned. Most of it's already written, and I'm pretty happy with it so far. I'll just have to go through and edit it. I hope to get it up sooner than I did with this one. Thanks for sticking around so long, and I'll see you next chapter! :D[Chapter 3] It was dark by the time Joker was driving back to his hideout. A huge grin stretched his cheeks as he raced down the streets of Gotham. The roar of the engine, the wind blowing in his face, and the foreboding sense that the cops may soon be on his tail energized his already over-the-top excitement for the evening. He jerked the wheel to turn a corner, woo-hooing in glee as pedestrians scrambled out of the way. The look of terror on their faces was absolutely hilarious! Joker had spent the whole day getting ready for his and Harley's anniversary celebration, planning out everything they were going to do and \"borrowing\" all the things he needed from unsuspecting citizens. He even got some of the Rogues to help out with certain tasks to ensure the evening would run smoothly. The Rogues who weren't given jobs instead got the night off, sternly instructed not to say anything about the occasion to Harley lest they wanted a very long monologue about the importance of keeping secrets the following day. He was determined to make it up to her, poor girl. All these years, she had let him put off their celebration without a single complaint. How she could keep quiet about it for so long, he had no idea. He always spoke up when he was unhappy. \"But tonight is going to be different!\" he declared over the wind. He would take Harley out on the most exciting anniversary date ever. She wouldn't be mopey for much longer, oh no; she would be smiling and laughing and having the time of her life! It didn't take long for the clown to reach the secret hideout. It wasn't fancy, just another one of those abandoned warehouses that somehow disappeared from public memory. But hey, as long as there was no Batman or Gotham City Police breaking down the doors, he was cool with it. Joker cruised behind the building and backed his car up into the empty space designated as the garage. He leaped out over the purple door, the insane grin on his face barely concealing the laughter welling up inside him. He practically skipped through the dim building, feet automatically tracking towards what was considered the living room. With all the Rogues either taking the night off or helping him with his anniversary plans, only Harley would be present. He poked his head around the doorframe. There she was, skating figure-eights around the room, twirling her mallet from hand to hand. Occasionally she arched it back and swung at an imaginary object at her feet, muttering either \"bang\" or \"smash\" as she completed the motion. Joker grinned. \"Hey, girl-buddy!\" Harley slowed and looked over her shoulder. \"Hey!\" She skated up to him, resting the handle of her mallet atop one shoulder. \"Where have you been? Everyone else said you were busy with something.\" He shrugged. \"Oh, I just had to run a few quick errands today.\" A smirk crossed his face. \"Gotta keep poor ol' Batsy on his toes, you know?\" \"Hehe, yeah.\" She smiled, but Joker saw through her façade. There was still the slightest strain, the most subtle tightness within her voice, that gave away her true feelings. But now that he knew what was behind that fake smile of hers, he could fix it. Turning away, Harley skated up to the single recliner of the room and leaned her hammer against it. She rolled her shoulders. \"So, what's up?\" \"I'll tell you what's up, sweetie pie,\" Joker replied, waltzing towards her. He couldn't wait to tell her all about his plans - even his coattails danced in anticipation! \"You and I are going out on an adventure tonight.\" \"What kind of adventure? Do you have another heist in mind?\" Joker folded his hands behind his back. \"Something like that, but not quite.\" \"Oh.\" She cocked her head, pigtails bouncing above her shoulders. \"Then what are we doing?\" \"I'll show you!\" Joker directed Harley to the old desk in the corner of the room. From his coat he pulled a freshly-printed map of Gotham City and smoothed it out, flipping on a light so Harley could see. In red ink, he had circled and starred certain places: their warehouse base, City Hall, a jewelry store, an industrial site near the docks, and a busy highway with a back road. The places were connected with a red line, beginning and ending at the warehouse. Harley studied it closely, pursing her lips in puzzled concentration. She raised an eyebrow at him. \"What is it?\" Joker smiled wide. \"This is gonna be a celebration of our anniversary, pumpkin!\" Her face lit up. She didn't speak for a second or two, and then repeated in a quiet voice, \"Our anniversary?\" \"That's right!\" He took her claw hands into his. \"We're gonna go out, vandalise property, annoy people, blow things up, that sort of stuff. Just the two of us.\" \"We are?\" \"Yep!\" \"Just me and you?\" \"Just me and my special girl-buddy!\" Harley cried out in delighted surprise when Joker swept her off her feet and into the air, twirling with her in a few circles. \"So what do you say?\" he asked as he set her down. \"Wanna make a night of it?\" She giggled, a pearly grin stretched all the way across her face. \"Of course, sugarplum! I'd love to!\" It warmed his heart to hear her pet name for him again. Before he could stop himself, he found the part of the trip he wanted to keep a surprise bubbling from his mouth. \"I haven't even told you the best part: there's a glass factory on the edge of the city that just opened a few days ago. They make vases, dishes, figurines, all those kinds of valuable, fragile stuff. We're gonna break in and smash the place up!\" Harley squealed in excitement, clasping her hands together. \"Ooh, that sounds wonderful!\" \"I knew you'd love it! And I hope it... somehow begins to make up for putting our anniversary off so many years.\" He bit his bottom lip, tentatively lowering his chin. \"And I'm... I'm really sorry about that, Harley. I never meant to hurt your feelings.\" He glanced at the ground. \"But I guess I should have known better. Can you forgive me?\" For a moment, Harley frowned, but in a way that appeared more sympathetic than disappointed. It wasn't long before she wrapped her arms around him, resting her head over his shoulder. Joker could hear the smile in her voice when she spoke. \"Aw, how could I not, puddin'?\" Joker returned the hug, another smile spreading over his own face. \"You're the best, Harley girl.\" She was so forgiving... When she released him, he held his hand out to her. \"Well then, shall we get going, my dear?\" Harley snagged it and yanked him towards the doorway, sweeping up her mallet in the other hand. \"Whatever you say, Mistah J! Let's go!\" Joker laughed, tripping over his feet as Harley led him towards the garage. This would be the best night ever, he would make sure of it. Anything for his Harley Quinn. A/N: Hi everyone! I know I said I hoped to get this up sooner than the last chapter, and I'm sorry about that! This took a lot longer to finish than I thought it would, especially with school back in session. But thank you for your patience! Thank you so much for reading! Thank you for reviewing, too! I always look forward to reading them! To StoryMaker7, yes, Joker doesn't treat Harley badly in this version. I think the worst LEGO Joker is capable of doing is underappreciating her, but even then I don't think he'd do that on purpose. And to XenoSlayer983 and amazed, those sound like fun ideas! I can't make any promises, but I'll keep them in mind. Hopefully I'll be able to get around to them! Thanks again, everyone! I hope you had a fun time! See you later! :) ","Summary":" \"Robin! What happened to the remote?\" Batman dug in between the seat cushions, feeling for the fa"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"One Brick","Author":"CeruleanInk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11069618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ren looked down at Chuck in satisfaction, a smirk growing on his face. It had felt good to finally hit that son of a- Suddenly, there was a blinding pain on the back of his head, and the world went black. He was out before he even hit the ground. Ariel was turning from where she stood next to Rusty, a triumphant grin on her face, when she saw one of Chuck's greasy little cronies sneaking up behind Ren with a brick in his hand and a malicious look on his face. Her eyes widened and she stepped forward with a cry. \"Ren! Watch out!\" Before Ren could even turn around, the ugly idiot smashed the brick into the back of his head with all his might. Ren dropped like a rock, landing face-first on the ground with a loud thump. Ariel stood, shocked, for a moment, then her vision went red and she sprinted over to where the moron stood and punched him solidly on the jaw. Her knuckles stung like hell, but she had never wanted to hit somebody so much. The stupid man stumbled back a few paces, where Willard caught him and threw him on the ground. As soon as she was sure that Ren's attacker was down for the count, Ariel knelt down next to Ren's still form. She could already see blood through his thick brown hair, and there seemed to be a lot of it. Ariel bit her lip as tears started forming in her eyes, determined not to cry. This was all her fault, and she wouldn't be any help to Ren if she started bawling like a baby. Some of the people inside the cotton gin had heard the commotion and were spilling out into the parking lot to gather around the group. Ren's football friend Woody crouched down next to them, laying a hand on Ariel's shoulder. \"We need to turn him over, see if he'll wake up. He probably has a concussion.\" Ariel nodded numbly, then helped Woody turn Ren over. She crawled over to his head and lifted it into her lap. Her dress was already streaked with dirt from kneeling on the ground, and now there would probably be blood on it, but she didn't care. Ariel looked anxiously up at Woody. \"What now?\" The burly football captain shrugged. \"We wait for him to wake up. Meanwhile, maybe we should make our way over to the hospital. With any concussion, it's smart to get it checked out by a doctor.\" Willard, who had sat down next to Ariel, nodded sagely. \"Yup, the doctor will know what to do. We can take my truck, if you want.\" Ariel shrugged. \"Sure, let's just go.\" Woody nodded at Willard, and they both took a side and lifted Ren up, wrapping their arms around his waist. Ren let out a pained groan, but his eyes didn't open. The two boys started half-dragging, half-carrying Ren to Willard's truck, and Ariel was left standing in the middle of a circle of worried people. She knew she had to look like a mess, but she pasted on her best smile. \"He'll be fine everybody, it's just a little bump on the head. Why don't y'all head back in there and boogie? Ren would be pissed if he knew you interrupted the dance just for him. Go dance your asses off.\" There were a couple uncertain glances, but for the most part the students filed back into the makeshift dance hall. Soon, it was just Ariel and Rusty standing there. Rusty came over to Ariel and put an arm around her shoulders. \"Come on,\" she said gently. \"If anything's gonna wake that boy up, it'll be your pretty face.\" Ariel gave her friend a small, grateful smile and started toward Willard's truck. The boys had settled Ren into the back, and Willard was climbing into the driver's seat. Ariel went around to the other side, then hoisted herself into the back with Ren. They had sat him up in a seat, but he had begun to slide down so she pulled him down so he could rest his head in her lap again. She looked up as Rusty slid into the passenger's seat, noticing that Woody was looking into the back from Willard's door with a worried look on his face. When he saw her looking, he smiled at her reassuringly. \"I'm sure he's fine. I'll stay back here and make sure everyone still has a good time. We can't let all of Ren's hard work go down the drain.\" Ariel nodded at him gratefully, so he closed Willard's door and gave them a small wave. Willard started the truck, then began to ramble down the road at a moderate speed. Rusty gave Willard's arm a light smack. \"Hurry the hell up, Willard!\" Willard shot her a wounded look. \"He's just got a concussion, he's not havin' a baby.\" No matter what he said, Ariel could still tell that he had sped up. Ren gave another groan, and Ariel looked down at him just in time to see his eyes flutter open. He looked dazed and confused, especially as his gaze focused on Ariel's concerned face. \"What happened?\" Ariel smiled softly at him, the sight of his brown eyes relaxing her. She pushed his hair back from his face, then traced her index finger down his jawline. \"You got yourself hit with a brick, stupid.\" Maybe that wasn't really proper bedside manner, but those were the words that came out of her mouth. This obviously didn't clear anything up for Ren, so he just blinked up at her a few times. \"I.. what?\" His speech was slightly slurred, which Ariel knew was a sign of a concussion. \"I hit m'self with a brick?\" She giggled and shook her head. \"No, you were being a hero and a dumbass came up from behind and got you.\" She began to worry when his confusion didn't seem to be going away. \"Do you remember the fight with Chuck?\" He blinked up at her for a moment, then tried to shake his head. Apparently, his head wasn't quite up for that, as he winced. \"Chuck?\" She nodded. \"At the dance, the moron came with a bunch of his minions so he could start a fight. Pretty pathetic if you ask me.\" Ren's forehead wrinkled as he tried to remember. \"The dance? We went to the dance?\" Now Ariel was really starting to worry. \"Yes.. You picked me up at my house and said I was beautiful..\" He frowned. \"I.. did? I mean, you are beautiful.. 'specially right now..\" The lines on his forehead faded as he lost his train of thought and just gazed up at her contentedly. \"My head hurts. Why does my head hurt 'gain?\" Ariel looked up at Rusty, fear crossing her features, but Rusty shrugged helplessly. When she looked back down at Ren, his eyes had slid closed again. \"Willard?\" Ariel called to the front. \"Should I keep him awake?\" Willard glanced back, then nodded vigorously. \"If you can. That's what coach always says, anyways. The hospital is still a good fifteen minutes away, so try to keep him awake and talking.\" Sighing, Ariel patted Ren's face softly.\"Ren, baby, wake up.\" When he didn't respond, she shook his shoulder just a bit harder. \"Come on, wake up Ren. Lemme see those pretty brown eyes.\" His face remained slack, and panic began rising in her throat. Trying her best to keep her voice even, Ariel spoke to Willard without taking her eyes from Ren's face. \"Willard.. he's not waking up. What do I do?\" \"Shit,\" Willard muttered under his breath. The truck engine revved as he sped up significantly. \"Check to see if he's breathing.\" Ariel's eyes widened, but she responded quickly by pulling out her phone and holding the screen right next to his slightly open mouth. She sighed shakily when she saw that her screen was fogged up. \"He's breathing.\" She could see Willard's shoulders visibly relax at her words, but when he glanced back again she saw that he was still worried.\"Well.. just keep trying to wake him up, but don't shake him too hard or anythin'.\" Ariel nodded, looking down at Ren's oddly expressionless face. She definitely wasn't a doctor, but she knew that this couldn't be good. He had been hit with a brick , for God's sake. Now that there was absolutely nothing she could do to help him, the tears she had been suppressing started to roll down her face. It was her fault that Chuck had come after Ren, she had been stupid enough to go after the man's car with a crowbar. She should have known that the idiot wouldn't let her get away with it, even after he had smacked her down. Remembering that she was supposed to be trying to wake Ren, she caressed his cheek with her thumb and squeezed his hand. \"Come on, baby, please.\" Surprisingly, his eyes fluttered open again. However, this time his eyes were completely out of focus and his face paled. \"Ariel.. I think I'm gonna..\" Her eyes widened. \"Willard, pull over, he's gonna puke!\" Willard cursed again, but kept driving. He leaned over and rummaged around with the hand not on the steering wheel, pulling a plastic bag from the glove compartment. He quickly handed it back to Ariel. \"Sorry, I gotta keep driving.\" Ariel took the bag and held it with her right hand, gently pushing Ren onto his side with her other arm. She wasn't a moment too soon, as Ren began to vomit. She used both hands to hold the bag steady, trying her best to ignore the smell that filled the car. Rusty and Willard both rolled down their windows, sending sympathetic looks toward the back seat. Ren threw up for a good minute, eventually just dry heaving into the bag. When he was done, he rolled back so he was gazing up at Ariel. His face was pale and sweaty, and she could tell that his headache had worsened because he was squinting. \"Ariel,\" he croaked, \"Wha's goin' on?\" Her forehead creased with worry, Ariel began to stroke his face again. \"Don't worry about it, Ren. You'll be fine, just stay awake for me, okay?\" He sighed. \"But I'm really tired.\" Ariel bit her lip. \"I know, baby, I know.\" ","Summary":" Ren looked down at Chuck in satisfaction, a smirk growing on his face. It had felt good to finally "},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Maybe He's No Romeo","Author":"ProblematicHayes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12113977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The minute Willard walked into my life, I figured he'd be temporary, that he'd just disappear in a few weeks, fade back into his group of friends. This goofy little redneck who laughed too much and was quick to anger, he wasn't someone that would keep interest in talking to some kid from the city for long. For once, I was happy to be wrong about something. Willard did stay. In fact, he was more prominent in my life than anyone else in this godforsaken town, much to my surprise. He was how I managed to keep sane between the ridiculous ordinances that seemed to choke up and dry out anything remotely fun or exciting and the constant torment Ariel deemed fit to put me through for kicks. Before long I found that I couldn't imagine a world, a life, that didn't involve him every step of the way. In time, I found that I was less interested in impressing the preacher's daughter, I didn't care as much about doing the stupid shit she wanted me to just for attention, I was content to let Chuck do that. I found more often than not I'd be making excuses to hang out with Willy on the farm, inviting him back to the mill after hours, even minor repairs on the bug were made more pleasant with his company. Willard was the first person to really see me dance - not the way I had with Ariel in a crowd of strangers, but truly and honestly feel the music and get lost in myself in the mill where no one could complain. He didn't laugh at me, he just stared, open mouthed and wordless for the first time in the history of ever. I shouldn't have enjoyed that as much as I did. That night was the first time I felt a pull in my gut and the urge to be closer to him, the feeling scared the hell out of me. I ignored it and we sat around drinking for hours, shooting the shit about women and their unpredictability. Even then it was easy to tell Willard knew more about talking than he actually knew about them, but I didn't mention that. For the remainder of the evening I chose to ignore the tension in the air, but it changed things. From the start I'd always intended to weasel my way into Ariel's world, to make her mine, that had been my goal from the minute we met, but after Willard watched me dance, I just didn't feel it like I had before. She didn't excite me the way she used to, I had more fun with him than I ever could imagine having with her. So, rather than admit to myself that I had a problem, I kissed her and she ate up the attention and I wanted to enjoy it but something felt off. It didn't feel right. She invited me to go out somewhere fun, but that meant we'd do more kissing and my stomach twisted at the idea, at the fear that I wouldn't ever like kissing a girl. Instead I'd asked Willard to hang out. Somehow we ended up at the Yearbook, listening to some bullshit country song I didn't have the heart to change and drinking. Always drinking. I'm pretty sure we had two cases of beer at the start of this journey, now we're down to maybe six cans. Willard has that fucking straw cowboy hat on today, the one that shadowed his face in just the right places and I find myself staring. I don't remember what we were talking about, but I don't really care anyway, this is more important all of a sudden. \"What? S'there somethin' on my face?\" Willard's voice slurred, his accent stronger than usual, wiping his cheek and then his mouth in a concerned manner, like there might have been some stray bit of beer foam or food left behind from dinner. I couldn't help but smile, it was just like him to assume something like that instead of the glaringly obvious answer. He's gorgeous. My stomach flipped at the unbidden words, they aren't ones used to describe your best friend - especially not Willard. He's lanky and has a long, squat nose, sort of like the ones you see in museums on the faces of Roman men - and it's peppered with this light dusting of freckles that can only be seen right in the setting sun. I frown, trying to find one distinctive feature on the boy in front of me that doesn't lead back to the word gorgeous. There are none. I'm in trouble. The look on my face must be severe because Willard's mouth has turned down at the corners and he's furrowing his brow like he does when there's a particularly difficult question thrown at him in algebra. I can't stop smiling at him - this goofy son of a bitch has that effect, after all, and suddenly I find myself laughing. Now Willard looks offended. I think I should stop but I break into a fit of giggles. I can't explain myself, I can't make words come out and it looks like Willard might be rearing back to punch me. I'm still laughing. He does. It's right in the shoulder and it stings but Willard's laughing nervously, now, like he wants to understand the joke - wants it not to be at his expense. \"Now what's so dadblasted funny, Ren? I..I just don't get it.\" He admits, staring back with this expression that's halfway between wounded and incredulous. It makes him look cute. Oops. That's not a good word to use, either. Without thinking, I stand up and walk towards the flustered country boy - Willard looks a little wary of me, maybe he thinks I'm a crazy drunk. Maybe I am a crazy drunk. After all, I am considering doing something that could only be described as insane, given the amount of confidence I feel that it won't end in me getting knocked out. Before I can talk myself down from it, like I've done a dozen times before, I take the beer from Willard's hand and put it on the table closest to us, panic suffocating me slowly. With that obstacle out of the way I put both hands on the arms of his chair, trying to look more confident than I feel. I smirk, but I feel like puking. \"Do you trust me, Willy?\" I sound drunk, maybe I am. That's okay. My voice is a little breathier than normal and there's fear there, too, any semblance of cockiness is long sobers Willard - he frowns as he looks up and I'm struck dumb. In this light, closer to him than I've ever been, his eyes are a stunning shade of brown. They're the color of coffee and fresh tilled dirt and he smells like both of those things. And beer- always beer. I probably smell like sweat and dust and beer. Willard opens his mouth to talk, making a soft stuttering noise, but his voice would shatter the moment and scare away the sudden courage I've gathered. I don't give him time to respond to me, instead I screw my eyes shut and lean in, holding my breath. Please don't hate me. Please don't hate me. Please don't- oh. Kissing a boy is nothing like I'd imagined. I had expected hard angles and a bad taste, for there to be more things I disliked than I enjoyed. I didn't expect his lips to be so warm, for them to tremble - and sure they're chapped and a little rough, but it feels nice. I didn't expect to like it as much as I do, to feel the tingles that were missing when I'd kissed Ariel. Willard is solid as stone at first, just being kissed, and suddenly there's a ball of fear in my chest, threatening to consume me. I'm already backpedaling. I start to pull away, ready to laugh and joke about having too many drinks, ready to make excuses. I am dying inside. Suddenly Willard's hand is balled in a fist, the material of my shirt is within it and he's pulling me down. I gasp without meaning to as his lips move hard against mine, fighting to be in control - it makes my knees weak. He kisses the same way he does everything else - it's messy and assertive and raw. But it's everything I love about the boy beneath me with the stupid laugh and the beautiful freckles and as I think it, I am startled by the realization. I love Willard. Shit. I finally pull away, trembling all over, and our noses bump roughly. I'm breathing heavily and my arms are wobbling, I'm not sure if this is panic or arousal anymore. Willard is all that stands to keep me from falling to pieces right then and there. One wrong move and I'll crumble to bits. I smile without meaning to, his eyes are no longer wide with confusion. They're glossy, hazed - but most importantly they're full of determination. I let out a soft yelp of surprise when the hand clutching my shirt shoves me away, hard. I manage to stumble a few feet backwards before I catch myself - I panic, sure I'll need to defend myself. Can I do that? Defend myself from Willard? I'm not so sure. I must have read the situation wrong, I think Willard is about to beat me senseless. When he reaches for me I flinch, but he doesn't go for my head or arms, instead he deftly shoves his fingers into my belt loops and yanks me forward. I land hard against his chest and find it's a wall of muscle - he's holding me tight in place by the flimsy denim hoops. \"Why'd you do that?\" He demands firmly, his face is flushed and he's breathing heavily, I can feel the slightest beginnings of a bulge in the far-too-tight Wranglers he's wearing. I'm glad it's those particular pants, they're my favorite on him. I swallow hard and look up, my hands are on Willard's chest now and I feel the strong urge to kiss the scars on his chin; to press my lips to the one on his throat; I want to kiss him everywhere. I'd like to see if he has freckles in hidden places. Instead I bite down on my lip and shrug. Apparently that's not going to satisfy his curiosity, he doesn't let me go. I don't want him to. He moves one hand away from my waist, out of my belt loop, and catches my chin between his thumb and forefinger. He squeezes it as gently as a guy like Willard is capable of - which is surprising, and forces my head up. He wants me to look at him instead of staring at his collar bones. \"Why'd ya kiss me, Ren? Is this another one'a your damn jokes, city boy?\" He squeezes my jaw a little harder as though to make a point. \"You bullshittin' me again?\" For a second I remain defiant, I stare off to the side at the walls covered in words the town would be livid to read. I'm afraid, I don't like being afraid. I expect the insults to start, for him to accuse me of the unspeakable crime. I expect my closest friend to leave me. Swallowing hard I finally look up, on top of the many names I can imagine being called, I don't plan to put coward on the list. Willard doesn't look angry, he looks scared, and I'm not sure if that's better or worse. I have to stop that train of thought right then and there, determined to be hopeful. This isn't just any old asshole I'd picked up at Bomont High. This is Willard. This is my best friend, my confidant, he's willing to listen to reason. I hope. I suck in a sharp breath and feel weaker for it, my confidence is ebbing, but I have to explain myself. I have to try. So I stare up into those damned beautiful brown eyes and admit the one thing I've been lying to both of us about for too long. \"I..'cause I wanted to.\" Those aren't the right words - that's not how I want this to go. That sounded too defensive. I stop, biting my lip hard and force myself to start again, \"Because..I like you, alright? I mean, damn it Willard, I really like you - more than Ariel, more than..any girls I've met before and I-\" The words die in my throat. Willard's jaw is squeezed tight and he's staring at me with a look I can't quite describe. Is this it? Is this the part where I get my lights knocked out and everyone learns my dirty secret from him? I tense, preparing for the strike, I even close my eyes. I know I can't bring myself to hit back so I'm prepared for the pain. Instead, I'm shocked to feel a pair of warm lips pressed against mine. They're trembling. I smile into the kiss, letting my muscles relax, this is better than being hit. He tastes cold and like beer. I shiver. I clutch the soft material of Willard's t-shirt, holding on for all I'm worth. This kiss is softer, slower - more like a kiss ought to be. It feels like we're testing one another out, just like any other first go with someone..except that there's no girl here this time. There's just us and the struggle for dominance. I enjoy the feeling of his rough stubble and the way I fit right against him. I'm the small one here, which is new to me, but I'm finding that I love it. Willard deepens the kiss, pulling me tighter against him if that's possible. My head is spinning and I smirk into his mouth, daring to nip gently at his lower lip. He shudders and my world breaks apart; I hear him moan softly as our tongues meet and decide that maybe this isn't perfect. Maybe we'll have to work hard to make whatever is happening between us more than just a kiss in the dark, but in this moment with him still holding my belt loop in one hand and gripping my hip roughly with the other, I'm happy. Happier than I'd have ever thought possible. I pull back and grin up at him, panting for breath. \"What'd ya do that for?\" I tease in an attempt at a southern accent - his face is flushed and he's grinning. That's a good sign. He lets go of my belt loops and grabs my hips with both hands, squeezing harder than I imagine he would if I were a girl. I smirk. \"Did it 'cause I wanted to,\" He mumbles, sounding less confident and more adorable, but it makes me growl low in my throat all the same. \"Did..do you really mean that..stuff you said?\"If I smile any wider my face will split apart. He sounds like he's waiting for the punchline, but he also sounds hopeful. \"Fuck. Yes, I did, Willy. I meant every damn word of it.\" I want to kiss the scar on his throat, so I do. I lean up and brush my lips against the soft, raised line of skin over his adam's apple and he hisses in a sharp breath. His fingers dig into my skin and I imagine there will be bruises there tomorrow, but I don't care. His skin tastes better than I imagined, like salt and sin and everything I've ever wanted, things I never even knew to ask for. I loop my arms under his and rest my palms against his back, dragging kisses from the hollow in his throat to the twin lines on his cheek, gently nibbling the skin there. My teeth find the soft flesh of his earlobe and I bite down softly, rolling my tongue in after to soften the sting. He moans, it echoes around the empty train car and I can't help but grin. I can feel sweat on the back of my neck, covering my scalp, and consider pulling back, but the sounds coming from Willard encourage me to keep going. \"Fuck, cowboy, I should've done this sooner,\" I breathe in the smell of sweat and alcohol and Willard, it's better than any high dollar cologne. To my surprise his hands drag my hips forward and I have to dig my fingers into his back for support as the angle allows for him to grind into me. I'm seeing stars as I feel his bulge push against my own, all I can hear is the blood rushing in my ears and Willard. His moans; his whimpers; I'm on fire. His name escapes my lips and that seems to drive him on - he backs me up until I'm pushed against one of the walls covered in lyrics and if I didn't know better I'd think he was rocking his hips to the beat of the song still playing behind him. Somehow that makes this more attractive, if that's possible. Now it's my turn to be a mewling mess, his lips mimic mine from before, dragging over my neck, biting and licking and kissing me into oblivion. I've never felt the kind of pressure that's building inside of me, threatening to melt me from the inside out. Without thinking about it I push him back a few inches and find the hem of my shirt, ripping it over my head and letting it fall where it may. He raises his brows and slowly drags his lower lip into his mouth, eyes dragging down my torso, they stop at the hem of my jeans and I laugh. Honest to god laughter that makes you feel alive and healthy and erases all the bad, he joins in and my heart soars. Part of me wants to cradle his face in my hands and tell him everything I love about him - the other wants to shove him to the floor and explore every inch of him, map out all his scars and secrets. I settle for cupping his cheeks in my hand and kissing him softly. As my back brushes against the rough wall and my fingers are buried in his curls I think I could get used to this. Then he kisses me and I don't think anything. ","Summary":" The minute Willard walked into my life, I figured he'd be temporary, that he'd just disappear in a "},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Can't Hardly Wait Tumblr: RolePlay","Author":"TD-Delete","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8772335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you go around and ask people if they enjoyed their high school years, the majority of them would probably say no. Could you blame them? Besides all the school work, teachers, and parents nagging about your deteriorating grades – there's all the drama, the embarrassing haircuts, and the unattractive pictures that somehow made it into the school yearbook. High school is arguably something you wouldn't want to go through again. You just wish your life was like an 80's teen movie, where a guy would stand outside your window with a boombox, that person who tormented you would get their just desserts, and for one night you could just have the time of your life. You'd just wish that John Hughes would have directed your life. Amidst all that, however, somewhere in that deep hatred you have for your high school experience, are the little moments that actually made you happy: the times you spent with your friends. Located in the stunning town of Rosewood, Illinois, sits the esteemed Rosewood Academy. Rosewood Academy features a stunning campus complete with rustic brick buildings, lavish woods, and a dazzling lake right behind the school's main buildings. At Rosewood, you'll find just about any person you're looking for. You've got the popular girls sitting on the steps of the main building, dumping yogurt on the unsuspecting heads of passersby. The geeks messing around in the science lab, mixing chemicals until they blow something up. The jocks out on the fields, working themselves to the bone for another championship win and just about every other person. For example, there are the Heathers, a group of three girls whose lives consist of making you miserable and loving every minute of it. You can't avoid them. You have Jason Bender, the guy everyone is afraid of and he doesn't mind it one bit. Then you have the kid that can do practically anything and get away with it because his father is the school's dean, Freddie Bueller. What happens though when all of these personalities come together for one major party? You can just say, it wasn't a boring night. The Heathers got what was coming to them, Jason hooked up with someone he never thought he would, and Freddie finally got caught in one of his elaborate plans. This isn't all that happened though. So much more happened. These names sound familiar don't they? That's because the teenagers of Rosewood Academy don't know it, but they are reincarnations of famous Eighties and Nineties teen movie characters. Like in those iconic films, these teenagers aren't what they seem. The popular girls lives are most messed up than the freaks they torment, the jocks know that their time is fleeting, and the freaks are that way for a reason. This roleplay takes place after the events of that unforgettable party and the consequences of that night. ","Summary":" If you go around and ask people if they enjoyed their high school years, the majority of them would"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Boys From The South","Author":"CowGirl7384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7540844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maybe he's in Texas, maybe this town Maybe Oklahoma plowin' up some ground Southern Carolina, somewhere on the coast Maybe Alabama drivin' through Montgomery Right now, there's somethin' 'bout a boy from the South I don't really live in the South. I live in this little town called Post Falls, Idaho. It's actually the opposite of South, North! But I have to say, nothing gets me like a Southern boy; that Southern drawl, their small town way of life, their courtesy. You can't find anything like it anywhere else. Yeah, any guy can be nice but unless you're from the South you don't have that sweet southern drawl that I absolutely love, which I think I have mentioned a few times! One day, I'll find my boy from the South. It's cheesy, and I will never will get married young like many of my relatives who have married too young and gotten pregnant and become housewives. Not that there is anything wrong with them, but they never experienced much. Maybe he's in Florida, somewhere in the pines Maybe on the delta throwin' out a line Mayabe he's in Georgia, starin' at the stars Maybe Tennessee pickin' on a guitar Right now, there's somethin' 'bout a boy from the South My boy from the South is out there, yet I'm not sure where. He could be in Texas, the Virginia's, Georgia, Alabama. Although, technically, it's not a southern state, the Carolina's might be nice. Wherever he may be, I don't need to know at this moment. I'm traveling right now and wherever he is we'll end up together. No, I am not personally driving, my best friend Rusty is. We've been friends since we were 10 and have dreamed of graduating and traveling together. Most girl friends do say that, but we actually made it happen. We've been through Washington, California, Colorado, and Oklahoma. Actually, we are still in Oklahoma, heading towards Texas. I've never been to Texas before, but I have relatives there that we will visit and I can't wait to see the Lonestar. This is sort of a blog, only it's more for myself and maybe for Rusty. I'm Ariel by the way, Ariel McLaughlin. We reach my Aunt and Uncles house, which is huge, and sneak in the back door which they informed us would be left unlocked for us. We crashed in the guest bedroom and slept until 10 when my overly nice aunt knocked the door. \"Girls!\" \" Yes?\" We both moaned. \" Breakfast is ready. Stephanie and Cody are up too.\" Cody was their son and Stephanie was his wife. They had been living with together while Cody was building their new house; it was taking longer than planned. \" Ok…thanks Aunt Mary…we'll be there in a few minutes.\" \" Alrighty, then!\" She closed the door and neither one of moved. \" You know she is just going to come back if we don't get up.\" I said and Rusty moaned, sadly. I get out of bed and throw on a sweatshirt over my Parachute t-shirt. Maybe, today is the day. Yea, the first time I felt it I was only 16, And he kissed me underneath the chinaberry tree. Said \"Goodnight darling,\" with a sweet southern drawk. Man, I think I might just have to love them all – The boys from the South As I am eating the crepes that my Aunt and Uncle made for us I am thinking about the fact that I wasn't allowed to date until I was 18 and even then I didn't date anyone for another year or so. My family is asking me questions on what I want to do and what I think of their hometown. I answer automatically but I really hate to talk in the morning. After breakfast, Rusty and I excuse ourselves from the table and go to get ready. I get in the shower first and Rusty climbs into bed but I wake her up when I'm done. We have already planned our day and have a schedule to keep. It doesn't take her long to get ready which I know but she'll take forever in the shower. It's unbelievable. We drive around town and they take us to the tourist sites of the town and then we go to their favorite restaurant, and it's really nice. They buy us lunch and we decide what we want to do tomorrow. The next few days pass quickly and I'm not as impressed with the state as everyone made it out to be. We leave 4 days later and explore a few small towns we drive through as we head for Atlanta Georgia. I was driving so I am writing this after. I like Alabama better. It seems more of the Southern state whereas Texas seems to want to be a city. We had so much fun in Georgia. We went to concerts and a rodeo and little towns around Atlanta that people had requested we visit. Not that this trip was all about boys, but we did have several flirt with us. Rusty wasn't so obsessed with the South as me, but I made her dress like a cowgirl and she looked really cute. I, as usual, had one of my many cowgirl shirts, jeans – the only thing I really spend money on besides boots – and my Ariat cowboy boots. They were cute and they were definitely Southern, but none of them seemed to be the type that I was thinking of. Rusty sure liked the attention though. We hit New Orleans, Mississippi, Arkansas, the North and South Carolina's and Tennessee. It was the most fun I had ever had. We were just to girls not worrying about money or jobs or school, just having fun. Birmingham was our last stop on the actual Western strip in my eyes. We had a few other places to go to after that, like New York and Pennsylvania but those were cities. Rusty was asleep, and I was driving when a cow walked out in the road and I swerved, hoping to miss it. Yeah, yeah, yeah Maybe in Kentucky, workin' the mines Maybe down in Little Rock, just to pass the time Maybe he's somewhere in New Orleans, Livin' it up in the Big Easy Right now, there's somethin' 'bout a boy from the South I woke up and Rusty was still asleep, at least I hoped she was still asleep. We were in a ditch in the middle of the night. My head had been bleeding but had slowly stopped which made me wonder how long we had been sitting here. I tried to wake Rusty up but she was unconscious. I grabbed my phone from my pocket and used the flashlight to look around. I had hit a power pole swerving to try to avoid hitting the cow. Well I know we're in Alabama. I opened the door and slowly got out. My wrist hurt but other than the cut on my head I felt fine. I walked to the road and looked to my right, nothing. Then to my left…were those lights? Yes! There was someone coming down the road. I waved my arms and they started to pull over. Thank goodness. When he got out of the old pickup I couldn't help but think, oh gosh…boy from the south. Sitting there with a gash on my head and most likely a broken wrist and I was thinking about how cute he was. He was wearing a cowboy hat, a carhart sweatshirt and jacket, wrangler jeans, and cowboy boots. He ran over to where I was leaning on the car. \" My friend…\" I had tears in my eyes thinking about Rusty… \"She's in the car…I can't get her to wake up.\" I said trying not to choke on my own words. \" Are you ok?\" He asked, rushed. \" Yeah…my wrist hurts, but I'm fine.\" \" Ok, stay there.\" He put his coat around my shoulders. \" Thanks…\" I whisper. He runs back to his truck and comes back with some water and a rag. Why does he have that in his truck? I don't really care at this point. He poured some of the water on the rag and puts it on the gash on my head. \" Hold it there, ok?\" \" K…\" He walked around the car and opened Rusty's door. I watched as he yanked on the seatbelt, trying desperately to get it off without hurting her. I reached for the back door and yanked it open searching through our bags trying to find something. I found a metal nail file. \" Here…\" \" There is a razor knife in the cup holders of my truck…can you go look for it?\" \" Yeah.\" I slipped my arms through the coat and ran for the truck, holding my arm close to me. I saw the knife as soon as I opened the door and grabbed it. \" I think this will work better.\" I smiled a little bit. He had the seat belt off in seconds then and carefully pulled her out of the car. \" I'm going to put her in the truck, you can put your stuff in the back if you want. \" Ok.\" \" Don't look at her foot…\" As soon as he said it I couldn't help my eyes from darting to her leg which was twisted around. \" Oh, god.\" I quickly grabbed all of our things and put them in the truck but kept my purse on my lap. I sat in the back with Rusty and tried to hold her steady as we hit pot holes and bumps. We got to the hospital and they took her into the emergency room. The guy sat down next to me where I was hugging my knees close to me, trying not to cry. \" I'm Ren McCormick, by the way.\" \" Ariel Moore.\" I shook his hand with my good hand, the one not in a cast. \" You know, it's not your fault right. Cows are wandering around on the roads, all the time.\" \" I should've reacted better though…I could've.\" \" If you thought like that all the time, nothing would be how you wanted it to be.\" I turned my head to look at him and he gave a cheesy smile. I laughed a little bit. \" Finally…\" He said like he was excited. \" What do you mean, finally?\" \" You smiled…I wondered what it would look like.\" I was a little flustered and I could tell I blushed. It was an awkward moment where we just looked at each other. \" I can't imagine what it would look like when you're actually happy. I looked away and grabbed my purse. \" I should call Rusty's parents.\" I headed for the bathroom. I really was going to call Rusty's parents but it was more of an excuse to get out of there to avoid more awkwardness. When I came back to the waiting room I was surprised that Ren was still there. \" You don't have to stay you know…although you do have my stuff.\" \" I would feel bad. You're by yourself in an unfamiliar town, and although you don't know me I really am not an ax murderer.\" I smiled again and so did he. I sat down and we talked for hours, playing games on one of our phones, coloring in other kids books, telling each other about ourselves, playing the alphabet game 3 times in a row. We seriously did everything you could think of. I finally fell asleep on his shoulder which I had no idea of. When I woke up he was slouched down so that I was comfortable but he was still awake. I moved around and sat up straight. \" How'd you sleep?\" \" Like a baby!\" \" Good.\" \" Did you sleep at all?\" \" Yeah.\" The doctor came out a little while later. Rusty was awake and we could go see her but she needed her rest. I told him that her parents were on their way and that I would leave my number and their number here. I started to walk to Rusty's room but stopped. I looked at Ren and he was just sitting there. \" Do you want to come?\" \" Do you want to come?\" \" Are you sure that's alright?\" \" You saved her life! We'd probably still be in that car right now if it wasn't for you!\" I grabbed his hand and pulled him with me. Rusty looked surprised when the both of us walked in. I ran over to the bed. \" Oh, god, Rusty, I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to!\" \" Oh sweaty…don't worry about it. I know what happened. It's fine! Don't worry about it!\" I hugged her and she whispered something in my ear. \" Do I look alright?\" \" Fine.\" I whispered back. \" This is Ren, he found us in the car.\" \" Hi, Ren.\" We talked for a few minutes before the doctor kicked us out. I went back to where all of our things were and sat down. Ren looked at me like I'm crazy. \" Are you just going to sit her forever?\" \" I don't really have a choice, do I?\" \" You could come back to where I live.\" \" No offense, you've been really nice to us and all but…I don't know you…at least I haven't known you very long. I know more about you then I would a normal meeting…\" I chuckle a little. \"But I also have a rule against getting chopped up into a million pieces…\" I just smiled. \" Hey, I already told you; I am not an ax murderer!\" \" That's what they all say!\" \" Yeah, yeah. Listen, I live with my parents, and obviously we're not a crazy family. You can take a shower, take a nap, eat, or whatever you want. But you can't stay here.\" \" Who says?\" He just sighs. \" Come on.\" He picks up my things and starts walking out. \" Hey! What are you doing?\" \" You weren't coming willingly so I decided to do it the easier way.\" \" Easier for you!\" I said running after him. I finally caught up with him and he smiled at me. We got in the truck and drove for almost an hour to the middle of the country where there was a large horse ranch. \" Sweet!\" I said looking at the sign as we drove under it. He smiled proudly. There was a quaint little farm house, well not quaint, actually very big and modern yet looked like a farm house. Makes no sense, I know. \" So you still live with your parents?\" \" I live in the loft above the barn of my Aunt and Uncles ranch who raised me!\" \" Oh…\" It seemed like a sensitive subject so I decided to leave it alone. \" It's ok. I've lived alone before but it's easy this way.\" \" I'm just kidding…it's cool.\" We smiled at each other and then got out of the truck. \" Ren McCormick, where in the world have you been.\" A pretty blonde woman yelled off of the porch. She looked at me and smiled. She walked over to me and rubbed her hand over the gash on my head. \" You poor thing, what happened to you? Let's get you inside and get some food in you, your too skinny.\" I laughed quietly and I could tell Ren was a little embarrassed \" I'm LuLu by the way.\" \" Ariel.\" \" Ariel? That's such a pretty name!\" \" Thank you, ma'am.\" \" Oh, you can call me LuLu.\" She was so sweet…I loved it! We went inside and they showed me to a guest room and Ren brought my things in. \" I can carry those.\" \" It's alright…I got it.\" He said pretending to struggle. I rolled my eyes at him. \" We'll have dinner ready soon, you can lay down, or watch some TV but we don't have that fancy cable stuff.\" \" My parents never allowed cable…\" I smiled. \" Really?\" \" Yeah…I'd really just like to take a shower if that's alright.\" \" No problem.\" She showed me to the bathroom and I showered and put on some fresh clothes. When I finished everyone was waiting around the table in the dining room. They were the perfect little family. I loved my family more than anything but I always wished I grew up on a ranch, preferably in the south. I sat down and apologized if they had been waiting. LuLu asked about what had happened and I explained. LuLu and Wes, Ren's uncle, gasped. \" You poor thing!\" \" It's really not me that suffered.\" We finished dinner and played a board game which was more fun with Lulu and Wes. \" You wanna go see the horses?\" Ren asked as we sat on the couch and watched a little bit of TV. \" Yeah!\" I jumped up and put my boots on and grabbed my John Deere sweatshirt. We went out to the barn and there were tons of horses. \" The ones on the right are all boarded horses are but the ones on the left are all ours.\" I walked up to a dark brown horse with a black mane. Her name plate read Alabama/Allie. \" Hey, Allie.\" I whispered to her and ran my hand down her forehead. \"She's beautiful.\" \" She's new. My parents just bought her as a learning horse or something like that. She can do anything.\" We talk for a while and decide to go for a ride. \" You can ride Allie if you'd like.\" \" Cool.\" I put a halter on and take Allie out of the stall. \" Ready?\" I ask. \" You're not going to saddle her?\" \" The best way to get to know a horse is to ride them bareback.\" I smile and step on a bale of hay to get onto Allie. Ren jumps on his horse and we run out of the barn in a race against each other. We ride for hours and Ren shows me around their land and all of the sites. It's beautiful, I've never seen anything like it. \" It's amazing.\" \" Yeah…\" He smiles at me. \" Thank you…for everything.\" I tell him and he gets a deep, serious look on his face. \"You saved me…us…and I've had an awesome time hanging out with you…It means a lot.\" \" It's been pretty awesome getting to know you too.\" Again, I blush. I get a sudden urge to feel the wind in my hair and the sun is starting to set. I don't see him reaching for my hand, we're close enough. \" I'll race you back!\" I say as I turn Allie in a sharp corner and push her into a run. We get back to the barn and the horses are huffing and puffing. Poor things. I cool Allie down and put her away. \" I should get to bed. Thanks Ren, that was fun.\" \" I'll walk you to the house, there are all kinds'a animals out here. \" You don't have to.\" \" I want to.\" I smile and we walk back to the house and I'm glad that Ren is with me. We get to the porch and we both say goodnight. I feel like something else should be said but I'm not sure what. I reach for the doorknob but I feel his hand brush against mine and before I know it he pulls me in and his lips press against mine. One hand is in mine and the other is brushing my cheek. It was quick and sweet. I breathe heavily when he pulls away and I can tell he's afraid he's done something wrong. \" I'm sorry if that was…fast.\" He says quietly. I smile and hold onto his hand. I kiss his cheek. \" I'm glad.\" I whisper into his ear and go inside without looking into his eyes. I go to the bedroom and lay down, I sleep with a smile on my face. Yea, the first time I felt it I was only 16, And he kissed me underneath the chinaberry tree. Said \"Goodnight darling,\" with a sweet southern drawl. Man, I think I might just have to love them all – The boys from the South I stayed in Alabama until Rusty was better. I had to go home sometime. Whenever I wasn't with Rusty I was with Ren and it was exactly as I imagined. He's perfect. We wrote letters and emails and texts and talked on the phone while I was back in Idaho. It was misery but better than nothing. I moved to Alabama a year later after Rusty fully recovered and she moved with me. She met a guy name Willard and they are engaged now. Ren and I were married a year after I moved to Alabama, I was 24 and he was 27. We live in a house we built on his Aunt and Uncles land. It's a dream I used to dream when I was little, now it's my dream. It's my life. I love everything about my life, mostly my boy from the South though. Yeah, yeah, yeah Maybe he's in Texas, maybe this town. My boys from the South P.S. Ren and I are expecting our first little Southern Boy in 6 months. Ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh Oh yeah, yeah! ","Summary":" Maybe he's in Texas, maybe this town Maybe Oklahoma plowin' up some ground Southern Carolina, somew"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Spirit of a Gentleman","Author":"LOTRRanger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8068280","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing related to Footloose. Ramblings with Ranger: I wrote this drabble a while back when I first saw the remake of Footloose and just now found it again. This drabble is based on the remake, though it almost also fits the original. Eyes Are The Window It wasn't his eyes that first drew her in. It wasn't his seductive smirk. No, it was none of those things – though they certainly helped. It was his spirit, his character. She was the preacher's daughter, someone to be held under the most scrutinizing microscopes. She had always tried to live up to the high standards – until the accident . After the accident, something inside her snapped. She couldn't be little-miss-goody-two-shoes anymore. She could feel the stress of it ripping and shredding her heart and soul. So she rebelled. She rebelled because it made her feel alive. She rebelled because it eased her pain, if only for a fleeting moment. She rebelled because her father told her not to. But mostly, she rebelled because she could. He was not like her, though. He perfectly walked the fine line between obedience and rebellion, meekness and courage, and politeness and honesty. He, too, rebelled, but he did it with a finesse that she lacked. He stood up for an injustice, but was still respectful of his peers and elders. He confronted it head on. She always shied away from confrontation, instead lashing out with a barbed comment before slamming her bedroom door. She envied his courage. He had the gumption that she did not have to stand up for her belief. He was always the gentleman. A little rough-around-the-edges at times, but he was still a gentleman. He had always treated her like a queen. He had always respected her. He had even respected her father. Even when she practically threw herself at him, he had politely demurred. He made no bones about what he thought of her behavior, but he never made her feel like a dirt – not like Chuck did. Many years later, she wondered what would have happened if she had mustered her courage and stood up in front of the council. Would she have ever met him? Would she have ever given him a chance? He always seemed to know when these thoughts entered her head, because he would smile and laugh before wrapping his toned arms around her body. It didn't matter, she decided. It didn't matter because she had met him. It didn't matter because he had given her a chance. It didn't matter because he had made an 'honest woman' out of her. It didn't matter because they were happy. And, really, wasn't that all she could ask for? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing related to Footloose. Ramblings with Ranger: I wrote this drabble a while"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"A Memory","Author":"yoyomafreak","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9687461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Watch this,\" I said, smiling at Ren briefly and turning back toward the empty, rumbling train track. I took a deep breath, feeling my heart flutter nervously. \"What, are you just going to let it hit you?\" I heard Ren ask incredulously, a hint of nervousness in his voice as well. He believed, deep inside, that I was capable of suicide. That thought gave me a newfound courage. \"Maybe,\" I answered, truly believing my answer. I finally saw the train turning the corner. The metal tracks under my feet began to vibrate, my stomach doing anxious flip flops. Was I really going to do it? I kept my eyes trained on the blinding yellow headlights. Suddenly, I had a flashback. It was about a week after the car accident, after Bobby's ruined body had been cremated. I was in my bedroom, sitting at my window and staring blankly at the plump, yellow moon. My hero's death still didn't feel real. I plodded down the stairs, a distant look on my face. I entered the living room where Bobby's urn had taken the space my mother's favorite china vase usually occupied. I walked toward it, and stared. It was a beautiful urn; it was porcelain and covered in black designs. Bobby would have liked it. It gleamed in the moonlight that had pooled from the window into the room. I reached out slowly and held my fingers millimeters from the urn, paralyzed with fear. Fear of what, I still didn't know. Finally, breath held tight against my chest, I brushed my fingers lightly against the cool surface. I instantly recoiled, my fingers burning as if they had been scalded by a white hot fire. It took me a little while to get up the courage to touch the urn again. I gathered it hesitantly into my arms and sat in Bobby's favorite armchair. Then I broke. I cried and cried, clutching the urn, refusing to let Bobby go. I must have cried myself to sleep, because I had a dream. Bobby was walking with me on a bridge, and we were just talking. Talking about random things, like the weather and school. However, when we neared the end of the bridge, Bobby stopped me. \"You can't go beyond this point, Ree ree,\" he whispered, a sad smile on his face. \"NO!\" I yelled, clutching him to me, looking into his eyes desperately. \"Don't leave me here! Take me with you!\" He glanced at the end of the bridge, and his 4 friends that were in the car with him smiled and waved. He turned back to me, his face solemn. \"Listen to me Ariel. Are you listening?\" My lip quivered dangerously, but I nodded. \"In time, you WILL join me here,\" he said softly. \"But until then, you must PROMISE me that you will never do anything that will get you here quicker than God plans for you to, all right?\" His voice had gotten so strong and his eyes so fierce and his grip so tight on my arms that my lip had stopped quivering. I hesitated. I didn't know what he meant, but whatever it was, I thought that it must have been important. I nodded rapidly. His smile returned. \"All right Ree ree,\" he whispered, the sad smile back. He hugged me tightly. \"See you soon.\" This all went through my head in a couple seconds. I knew that this was what Bobby was talking about. I was being stupid. I needed to get off the tracks. Didn't Daddy always say that people who commit suicide go to Hell? However, the thought of Daddy made a surge of anger fire within me. Screw him. Screw this world. I hate it here anyway. I heard Ren say something right next to me, but I didn't hear. All I saw was the train coming closer and closer. Was this too much? Was my life worth it, just to show some rebellion against Daddy and Bobby? Bobby. Bobby. I closed my eyes feeling elated but numb, and heard the train honking, Ren yelling, my heart pounding, my hands sweating, my breath stopping, the train coming closer, the heat of the light against my red eyelids- Suddenly, I felt a strong, warm object pummeling into my side painfully. I yelped softly, feeling the wind rushing out of my lungs. The bright light was gone, and it took a little while to register what had happened. I was pinned on my back, a warm body encasing me like a cocoon, rough and calloused hands gently holding my wrists down. I realized that I was panting hard and my face was sweating like crazy. My shirt was getting slightly wet from the damp ground. My eyes adjusted, and the first thing I saw was Ren's beautiful, scared eyes about two inches from my face. He was panting like crazy too. His hot breath against my cheek smelled like peppermint. His gaze was locked on my eyes, his eyes so intense and unbelieving. I glanced at his lips, his oh so kissable lips, and back at his eyes. Something in me snapped. I realized three things. One, Bobby was right. I was better than suicide. I was being selfish. Two, I owed Ren my life. Three, I was falling in love with Ren McCormack. ","Summary":" \"Watch this,\" I said, smiling at Ren briefly and turning back toward the empty, rumbling train tr"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"This is our time","Author":"numerous928","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8824407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I'm doing my best to ignore you!\" Ren declares angrily in Ariel's hurt face. As he storms away I catch up with Ariel and give a gentle touch to her arm. \"What happen?\" I ask. Her face is still coated with shock but it stones over softly. \"I sure as hell don't know what his god damn problem is, why don't you go and ask him?\" she seethes still watching Ren as he stomps over to his car. I think I'll go do just that. \"I'll go talk to him.\" I say and briskly walk over to him as fast as my slim golden legs can carry me. I have to practically run to catch up with Ren, since he towers over me at a good 5'9 and I stand only at 5'1and a half. My long blond straight hair flaps around me as my green eyes keep making sure he is in good distance. \"Ren!\" I shout after him, he hesitates for a second but keeps on walking. \"Ren!\" I shout again and this time he finally stops and he turns around so fast I nearly crash into his muscular chest. \"Woah there bubbly!\" I whisper under my breath as I pull on the brake fast and nearly trip over in my tan ankle cow girl boots. \"What do need, Carla?\" he asks through clench up teeth, trying to make his voice more level. I stare up at him noticing how his tight his jaw is, how he looks so angry and frustrated, and at the same time... Lonely. Ren MaCormack has had enough and is at his breaking point, Ren is finally snapping since he got here in Bonmont. I wish I could wrap my arms around him and give a tight hug till he tells me all about his problems and he feels better. \"... Ren, what's wrong? Do you need to talk? Because I'm here if you need a talk.\" I say trying to be as gentle as possible. His stiff posture collapses and he leans against a car sighing. \"Do you wanna get out of here?\" he asks looking up at me with a piercing gaze. I can feel my cheeks blushing redder than a crayon. \"Um... If you want... Um yeah. Sure...\" I say. Ren shots up and scoops up my hand in a hurry jumble, dragging me to his car and all I can hear is my heart pounding in my ears. \"Um...Ren...\" I start but I just it let it go realizing my words are falling on deaf ears. Ren drags me through the parking lot till we reach his adorable little yellow bug and with one mighty angry pull, Ren yanks his usually stuck passenger open. I let out a shock gasp, \"Woah Ren!\" but he just rushes to the other side of the bug and jumps in, slamming his door loudly. I quickly climb into the car, my jumping heart making me nervous and anxious. Ren grabs his iPod, his knuckles turning white at the force he's holding the little white device with. I wince when music blasts with invisible force all around me. He yanks on the worn out robe above our heads and reels the car backwards and speeds off from the parking lot. I look in the mirror seeing Ariel staring as we turn into a yellow little dot into the distance. Ren is driving like a maniac! He's going over a hundred! My anxious heart exiles from the near heart attacks he's giving me as he speeds through town recklessly. It's wild! Aw shit, what in the hell did I get myself into? \"Ren! Slow down! I don't wanna die in a hot metal heap on the side of the road!\" I yell over the blaring music. But he seems to go faster at that... Ren keeps blasting his music and he's pulling that rope so hard it's gonna snap! Suddenly he does a sharp turn into an old factory and I let out a yelp, Ren's hands flies down from the rope to my hand and gives a reassuring squeeze. Then he does another sharp turn and another, I try to shrink into the seat. Go to a happy place, a happy place... I close my eyes as I feel the car do another turn, then I come to a short stop. I go flying, letting out a gasp as my eyes fly pops with shock. Holy shit. Next I ride with Ren, I'm making sure I wear a seat belt. Ren gets out of his car, making sure to close his door with a loud slam and yanks his iPod out circa the window. I just sit quietly as he starts yelling and pointing in all directions. People have all kinds of cooping mechanizes, talking to yourself is one. Ren goes from yelling to screaming then jumping, flipping; he even starts doing his old gymnastics moves on an old rusty pole. For the next half an hour all I hear is Ren's music blasting and his shoes thumping against the ground as he dances all over the old factory. I'm pretty sure he has already broken a window... I climb out of the passenger window and sit on the hood of the car as he let out his frustrations through music and watch. Ren... Is so amazing... He is so down to earth and caring and funny, and he has so many abilities and talents it's stuns me. Soon he stop gasping from his little performance. \"That...was... Just woah. Woah.\" I say smiling up at his direction. He looks surprise at me but then just grins at me. \"You think so?\" he asks as he comes and leans next to me on the hood. I nod, \"Truly dazzling.\" I say. He flashes his charming smile and I bite on my lip trying to keep my cheeks from flushing. \"So... Do you wanna tell me what that was all about? Or do you wanna pretend it never happen?\" I ask cocking my head to the side. \"Haha, a lil of both.\" he says. \"... Sorry... You can't have best of both worlds as much as I wish I could give to ya.\" I say. He sighs and starts telling me what happened. And it much more than just what happened at the principal's office, it's stems all the way to his Mom's passing. When he finishes I slide over to him and wrap my arms around his torso and across his chest. I bury my head into his spine, embarrassed. \"It's okay Ren, it's okay. Every one has been ganging up on ya, which isn't very nice and you feel all alone.\" I start but Ren let's put another sigh. \"You don't get Carla, you just don't understand how I feel.\" he says turning around in my arms till he's resting his forehead down on mine. \"No I guess not, I may not know what you're feeling but I sure can listen to them and try to and I'll always have a hug to give and a shoulder to lend.\" I say. Ren stares down at me, studying my face if to see if I really mean it, to see if he can trust me wholeheartedly. And boy did I mean every word. When he realizes that I wasn't just saying it he leans down closer to my face, his minty breath sending goose bombs down my arms. Despite my nerves I make no move to move away. \"You mean that? You'll always be there for me?\" he asks, inching closer till our noses are bumping. I look up at him from under my lashes and give a soft hearted smile \"Even when you don't want me there.\" I say raising a hand to carcass his cheek. \"Not gonna happen, I'll always want you... There.\" he says adding the last part quickly before smashing our lips together. His large hands comes up and cups both of my red cheeks as my hands run through his chestnut hair, the pads of my finger tips weaving through his hair. He breaks apart to plant a gentle kiss on the tip of my nose making me giggle then he starts planting kisses in rows down my neck making the soft laugh turn into a needy sign. I hear him growl under his breath and he latches his lips back onto mine. His hands grab onto my small waist and he lifts me up off the car, my legs dangling as I wrap my arms around his neck. He groans against my lips the same time I moan against his. He suddenly plunges me downward in a dip and I accidentally bite down on his lower lip trying to hold down a shriek. He pulls away to look down at my red face. \"Now that was unexpectedly hot.\" he admits with another one of his brilliant smiles. I smile back at him and he goes in for another kiss this time gently forcing me mouth open slipping in his tongue. Goodness... This is amazing. When our kiss finally does end I let out a sigh when he puts me down by the bumper. We couldn't look at each other then I inch closer to him, he still can't look me in my eyes, deciding whether or not that should have been a hook up or not. Really choosing between me and Ariel. I feel a little bad that I kiss Ren but Ariel has a boyfriend. Even if he is an ass he's a faithful one and she has to stop flirting with Ren while having sex with Chuck at the track. I clear my throat, gaining his attention. \"Even dispute what just happen, and if that was a hook up and you're still gonna go pin after Ariel I'm still gonna be there.\" I say blushing. His brown eyes widen and he looks taken aback, then Ren leans down and kisses me softly in a slow romantic way. \"Carla I would be blind not to go with the girl who will always be there.\" he says. \"So... That means?\" I ask not able to finish Becuase of my hope and excitement. I've only been waiting for this moment since, well the day Ren MaCormack roll into Bonmont high school parking lot playing his music to loud for the law in his lil tie. \"Yeah, it does. So is my new girlfriend free this Friday?\" he asks grinning. ","Summary":" \"I'm doing my best to ignore you!\" Ren declares angrily in Ariel's hurt face. As he storms away I"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Blessings Wrapped in Curses","Author":"footlooser27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8404020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blessings Wrapped in Curses I don't own footloose or the titanic although I wish I did. Only the storyline and added characters are mine. Chapter One Ariel POV \"Jack, I'll never let go! I'll never let go!\" Rose said through the TV screen Rusty and I were staring at. I roll my eyes. \"These movies are so fake,\" I get up and go to the fridge to get us a soda \"No one loves like that in real life,\" I hand Rusty hers and crack mine open as I sit back down on the couch. \"Rawr, someone's in a mood today!\" Rusty remarked. \"Did you and Ren have a fight?\" she pried \"no,\" I paused and moved to face her. \"it's just, all the relationships I've been in, all of the guys have treated me like shit and dumped me because they got bored or because I wouldn't put out. You've seen it happen many times. Brandon, Sam, Steven, Drew. They're all assholes. And don't even get me started on Chuck! He fucking hit me-\" Rusty stops me. \"Hey, hey, hey. The only reason it hasn't worked out with any of those douche bags is because your, \"the one\" is still out there. He's waiting patiently for you. Where is she, he's asking,\" she moves closer. \"Just give it time. He's not going anywhere.\" she gives me a soft smile. \"You always know what to say.\" \"I play the role of the best friend. It's part of my job baby.\" Rusty says. I laugh. \"Where would I be without you?\" Rusty taps her temple, making her thinking face. \"Probably in jail,\" \"Or in a strip club,\" I say as I hug her. My phone starts to ring ruining our golden BFF moment. \"It's Ren, I should probably take it.\" Rusty nods in approval. \"hellllllloooooo,\" I say, all long and drown out.\" \"Ariel, I need you right away. Meet me behind the church. Come as fast as you can.\" he hangs up. I roll my eyes and laugh as I start to put my stuff in my sleepover bag. \"What'd he want?\" \"He needs me right away. Meet him behind the church. Come as fast as I can.\" I say trying to imitate Ren's tone. Rusty laughs \"Well, let's not keep Romeo waiting; I'll get the keys,\" That's a little taste of the story. Please read and review and I'll make sure to update as much as possible! The more you review the more I update. ","Summary":" Blessings Wrapped in Curses I don't own footloose or the titanic although I wish I did. Only the st"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"For the First Time","Author":"wonderstruck16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7516709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hi! This is my first time writing a Footloose story, and it was surprisingly hard to get the characters personalities down. This story takes place three years ago, a little after the Bomont laws against dancing and everything were passed. It's kind of AU, but there is a slight possiblity that this could have really happened in the context of the movie. Anyway, reviews are appreciated. Enjoy! \"Public dancing among Bomont minors will be in violation of the law.\" Ariel flinched as the sound of the gavel banging echoed in her head. They had no right, NO RIGHT, to take away her right to dance. What good would those laws do anyway? They sure as heck wouldn't bring Bobby back, and they definitely wouldn't stop her from dancing. In fact, the new laws only managed to make her more determined than ever to rebel against every single thing her dad and this backwards town considered blasphemous. Dancing, drinking, dirty dressing-she'd do it all just to show everyone how meaningless those laws were. \"Honey.\" The old, motherly waitress spoke up from behind the counter, oblivious to the revelation Ariel had just had. \"You should probably get home; curfew's in half-an-hour.\" Ariel finished off her last few fries and gave a quick smile to the waitress as she slid out of the booth. \"Night, Mrs. Thayer.\" The waitress smiled back before clearing away Ariel's plate. \"Good-night, sweetie. Tell your parents I said hi.\" \"I will,\" Ariel promised. As she turned to leave, she collided roughly into a boy around her age with messy brown hair who had just stepped into the diner. For a split second, she felt herself tumbling towards the floor but the boy braced her arm to keep her from falling. \"Sorry, I wasn't paying attention-\" He stopped, noticing her puffy eyes and wet face. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine,\" she said quickly, wiping hastily at the stray tears on her cheeks. \"Just allergies or something...Do I know you?\" \"I doubt it.\" He stopped again and handed her a few napkins from the counter before continuing. \"My mom and I are just in town for the weekend.\" \"Voluntarily?\" Ariel joked, a shy smile on her face. \"Somewhat,\" he replied with a boyish grin. \"It's my cousin's birthday so we came down for the party. Ariel nodded. \"So where are you from?\" \"Boston, Mass,\" he said with a hint of pride. \"I've read about Boston before,\" she remarked wistfully.\"It's in my top five.\" \"Top five?\" The boy asked curiously. \"Places I want to visit,\" she elaborated, her eyes filling with excitement. \"New York, London, it doesn't matter. I just want to get the heck out of this place.\" He smiled amusedly at her. \"That bad?\" \"You have no idea,\" she replied, looking down at the old, cracked tiles on the floor thoughtfully. \"And now there's these new laws the council just passed...\" She paused. \"And it feels like I'm just bidding my time 'til I'm completely smothered by my parents.\" \"Isn't that what parents are supposed to do?\" he pointed out. \"It's practically their job to worry about us.\" \"You always listen to what your parents say?\" Ariel challenged, tilting her head defyingly. \"Not my dad,\" he remarked bitterly. \"And I usually listen to my mom but sometimes you just have to cut loose.\" Ariel smiled widely. \"My dad would faint if he heard you say that.\" She looked at him thoughtfully. \"What's your name anyway?\" \"It's R-\" A sharp ringing cut through the room, and Ariel fumbled for her cell phone. \"It's my dad,\" she announced with a sigh. \"I better get home before he sends the sheriff after me.\" The boy glanced at the antique wall hanging on the wall next to him to check the time. \"I should probably get going too. Good luck with your parents and everything.\" Ariel bit her lip to hide the goofy smile on her face. \"Thanks.\" She watched as he walked out the door slowly, the bells clanging behind him. \"Hey!\" She shouted, pushing the door open swiftly. Out on the sidewalk, the boy stopped and turned around. \"If you're ever back in Bomont, give me a call,\" she remarked, leaning against the diner door casually. \"I''ll remember that.\" He smiled at her one last time, and disappeared into the night. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hi! This is my first time writing a Footloose story, and it was surprisingly hard to"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Loose Proposal","Author":"PrincessHeartStar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7470402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Disclaimer: I do not own Footloose! This is based on the 2011 version I didn't see the original film like I wanted to but this remake was amazing can't wait to see the actually movie it was based on! Ren Mccormack smiled to himself as he looked at the small diamond ring he held in his hands. Tonight he was going to propose to his girlfriend, of four years, Ariel Moore. The small town of Bomont gained their right to dance four years ago thanks to him. Ariel and him officially started dating after prom and went to the same college with Rusty and Willard after senior year. This was their last year of school and they couldn't be happier. Ren then checked his watch combed his hair and grabbed the ring case before heading to pick up Ariel at her dorm room. He got to the room that her and Rusty shared knocked on the door and took a huge breath for good luck before hearing the door open and seeing Ariel standing there with a big smile. \"Oh hey\" She says motioning him to come in as he enters the room \"Just had to grab a jacket\" Ariel says returning from her bedroom \"You look so beautiful\" He says staring at her for a bit while she blushes and laughs replying back \"You don't look half bad too\" She jokes laughing as they step out into the hallway and she closes her door. \"So where are we going\" Ariel asks as they get into the car \"It's a surprise\" \"So you aren't going to tell me\" She pouts \"Isn't that what makes it fun\" He laughs as the leave the campus First he took her to their favorite dance club where they met up with Rusty and Willard which to her was a surprise. Then he took her to a nice fancy restaurant just the two of them and he could tell she thought it was sweet and romantic. Finally he took her to the place where they shared their first kiss on his car surrounded by the tall grass all those years ago. As he knelt down on one knee she just looked shocked \"Ariel, I have known you for four years and these four years have been the best years of my life. I thought that nobody could ever replace the room in my heart after my mother she still has her place but now you have one as well. You taught me so many things and lessons about love, life and god and I thank you for that. I love you so much and it would do me great honor of one day being able to be called you husband to be by your side all the time and never leave you Ariel Moore will you marry me\" By this time she was crying a little bit before walking over towards him nodding her head and kissing him passionately while smiling before pulling away as she leans her head on his shoulder and they look off into the sunset on his car. \"I love you Ariel Moore\" He says whispering into her ear \"I love you too Ren Mccormack and I think Ariel Mccornmack has a nice ring to it\" She says leaning her head back onto his shoulder as they enjoy the peacefulness of the sunset and each other for the rest of the night ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Disclaimer: I do not own Footloose! This is based on the 2011 version I didn't see the or"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Mending Fences","Author":"deaths demise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6099330","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hiya! Okay so this is my first Footloose fanfict. This is a little lost scene between Chuck and Ren. Set after the Tractor Race. Pretty much all AU. Chuck confronts Ren after his dip in the river. Possibility that can be seen as slash or desired slash. I leave that interpretation up to you the reader, if you want to see it that way then do so. Otherwise can also just be seen as friendship. Lifting the sacks Ren turned around only to come face to face with Chuck. The last time he's seen the farmer was at the tractor race where he ended up taking a dip. Despite all their problem Ren did feel bad about that, afterall if his shoelace hadn't gotten stuck he would have been the first to bail. It was all dumb luck. \"Look man, if this is about your tractor I'm sorry about that, hard luck and all that.\" The pissed off expression eased up but Chuck still looked majorly angered and all red faced. \"We need to talk. Come with me.\" With that he turned and marched off towards his truck and climbed behind the wheel, starting the engine before drumming the steering wheel as he impatiently waited. Sighing Ren dropped the sacks, called to Ben that he was just stepping out for a few minutes, receiving a brief nod and warning to be careful in return. Climbing into the truck he had barely sat down before Chuck gunned it and they were speeding off out of town. They sat in silence, a highly uncomfortable one at that. Before long they were in the middle of nowhere and Chuck pulled over to the side of the road, shutting the engine off. The silence continued. By now Ren was fidgeting, it was getting so oppressive in here, but he wouldn't be the first one to speak. This was Chuck's idea afterall. He was the one who wanted to talk, so they would just sit here until he spoke. \"I don't like you – a pause to run a hand over his face – but I respect you, man that stunt you pulled, that was sumat else man.\" Turning to look at him fully he continued. \"Look how about we start over? Put it there man.\" With that he held out his hand for Ren to shake. Staring at him dumbly, Ren would admit to being fully shocked by this. It was not something he was expecting, then again Chuck seeking him out to talk wasn't something he was expecting either. Smirking he shook hands with Chuck, only to find himself pulled into a quick embrace with a rather strong slap on the back. \"Your all right Chigago.\" With that the engine restarted and they were on their way back to town. Sinking back comfortably in the seat, Ren couldn't help but think that this was one weird town and just kept getting weirder. Who knew what else it would decide to throw at him. Maybe the Reverend would become a sane guy? Or his Uncle would stop trying to run his life? Laughing silently, closing his eyes, he thought that was highly doubtful, that would take far too much of a miracle. He jerked slightly as he felt Chuck's arm behind his head, casually draped along the seat, before he settled himself further back and dozed on the smooth ride back to town. ","Summary":" Hiya! Okay so this is my first Footloose fanfict. This is a little lost scene between Chuck and Ren"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Leukemia's Effects","Author":"hmdchickadee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7537322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's a little one shot i thought of last night. Based off of the Remake/2011 version. I hope you like it! Leukemia's Effects Ren MacCormack rarely paid any attention when he heard the word leukemia. And when he did, he thought \"those suckers. Their loss,\" and donated not even a penny. Now, Ren wasn't the boy who grew up spoiled and living in a penthouse in New York. He grew up in Boston, in a ratty old apartment with his parents. When you saw him you'd say \"are you sure he lives there ?\" With his gelled up hair, pure milk chocolate brown eyes and perfect smile, he looked like a movie star. He acted like it, too. Ren was on the gymnastics team, where there, he was one of best. He could do the double bar, but what surprised people were his flips. They were amazing, and helped take them to Russia. And boy, did he know it. His true passion was dancing, and everyone knew it. Whenever Ren started dancing, everyone's eyes were on him. Ren danced whenever he could, and didn't give a damn what of anyone thought of it. They were in Boston. His father never did anything. He stayed home every day, and sat on the couch, watching ESPN and complaining about the world. It was never a surprise when he left, never to be heard from again. The reason he left was because of Ren's mother, Susannah. Susannah was strong, to be able to take double shifts at the Deli and to raise her son single handedly, it was no easy feat. Especially when her husband left. It had started just after Ren turned sixteen. Two weeks to be exact. One day, Ren came home to find bloodstained paper towels in the garbage can, and the bathroom door locked. \"Mom,\" he had asked, knocking on the door. She moaned, trying to make it sound like she was alright. But Ren knew better. He broke down the door to see his mom lying on the ground, by the toilet, bruised. Ren picked up his mother, and carried her to his beat up, rusty old Ford pickup, in which he drove her to the hospital. After many tests, a few CAT scans, an x-ray, and a MRI, the answer was clear: Susannah MacCormack had leukemia. For the next year and a half, Ren took care of his mother, up until the day she died. Now Ren was the one who was strong. Every day, it was the same. Ren would wake up, shower, make sure his mother was alright, and drive to school. After school, he'd work at a mechanic's for a few hours, getting paid double. Then, he'd come home, help his mother out, cooked dinner, and did homework. On the weekends, he'd be in the shop from nine to five, working on whatever he could. Even with Ren's job, they barely scraped by. Because of his mother's disease, Ren quit the gymnastics team, rarely dated, and lost most of his friends. The few that hung around while he worked knew as soon as the clock struck six, Ren rushed home, yelling the word \"mom\" at them. Only a total of five people knew what \"mom\" meant: Ren had to make sure his mom was alright. Ren always did what the doctors said, making sure his mom had enough to drink, ate as much as she could, and took her daily vitamins and medicines. He thought that maybe if he did everything right, his mother wouldn't die. That theory wasn't true. Every day, she would be weaker and weaker, until she could barely move and was deathly pale. While Ren was in school, she died, lying in her bed. Somehow, Ren felt that his mother wasn't alright, and left school early, claiming he had an upset stomach. He came home and saw his mother dead, on her bed. The first thing he did was that he called his mother's doctor, explaining that she died. The doctor gave Ren directions, and a few days later, the funeral was held. The normal, caring look in Ren's milk chocolate brown eyes was replaced by pain and sadness. Like usual, Ren dressed as a preppy boy, and even gelled up his hair. But what had shocked everyone was that Ren MacCormack started crying, and couldn't talk about his mother. He could barely talk about her at all. After cleaning out the apartment, and selling it to a mechanic who worked a few blocks away, Ren packed up his stuff into a duffel bag and boarded the Greyhound to Bomont, GA. Ren left Boston for a new life with his Uncle Wes, Aunt Lulu and cousins Amy and Sarah. He came to Bomont not knowing how much trouble he'd get in. How he'd end up yelling at his principal, start a petition, and date the reverend's daughter. In a place where dancing and loud music was banned, what would happen to Ren? He'd be just fine, with his friends Willard, Woody, Rusty, and of course, Ariel. He'd be racing busses, going to a club to dance, and save Ariel from being run over by a train. He would teach Willard how to dance and save the town from the crazy ordinances. But most important, he saved the Bomont Senior Prom. In short, Ren would be having the time of his life. ","Summary":" It's a little one shot i thought of last night. Based off of the Remake/2011 version. I hope you li"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Holding Out for a Hero","Author":"Cullen1723","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7914907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey so this is my first Footloose fanfic and well I am kind of proud of it. I am normally a twilight writer, but since I love Footloose(2011) so much I wrote this. I know it is not the best ever. If anyone from my twilight stories is reading this well I am trying to finish the chapters quickly, but I have no idea how to finish them. Sorry anyway READ AND ENJOY! I love all my fans! -Cullen1723 Footloose FanFic Ren and Ariel Summary- Ariel is waiting for her hero to appear while she dances the night away in her room. One-Shot. ArielPOV \"Where have all the good men gone. And where are the gods? Where's the streetwise fight the rising odds?\" I sang as I twirled around my room. My long brown hair moved with me as I waited for him. \"Ariel! Your mother and I are going out to eat. That means no visitors or leaving the house while we are gone\" I heard my father yell. \"Okay\" I yelled back. I don't really care what they tell me to do. It's like not I actually listen to them all the time. \"Isn't there a white knight Upon a fiery steed? Late at night I toss and turn And dream of what I need\" I sang as I spun twice then I landed on the floor with a 'thud'. \"Ow!\" I shrieked checking out my hand as pain shot through it several times as I moved it. \"I think you hurt your hand\" I heard. \"Ahhh\" I screamed then I realized it was Ren standing in my room's doorway. \"Sorry, I thought you heard me come up here\" he apologized. \"Well I was hurt and in pain so my ears where turned off\" I huffed while pulling myself off the floor. He chuckled and came to me, but not before he kissed my cheek. \"Well since it was my fault I will get an ice bag\" he whispered. Then he walked down the stairs. I realized my iPod was still playing 'Holding out for a Hero' by Ella Mae Bowen. I grabbed my controller for my iHome, but was unable to turn off the speakers because Ren scooped me up in him arms. As we whirled around my room I felt happiness and I don't feel that all the time. Ren stopped. \"I'm dizzy\" he said as he sat on my bed with me in his arms. \"Is your hand feeling better?\" he asked with a smile. He knew I had completely forgot about my pain. \"Yep\" I said with a bit of twang. I felt Ren get up then sit again. I realized he had laid us down and his eyes were closing slowly. I felt my eyes grow heavy and close. I was in a black room with lit candles surrounding me. \"This is a strange dream\" I commented as I noticed myself dressed in a white flowly dress. Then I heard music, not just any music, but 'Holding out for a Hero' by Ella Mae Bowen. I felt my body start to dance and spin like a top. I spoke no words I just showed a story in my dancing. After a while I saw Ren standing across the room in a white t-shirt and blue jeans. I ran to him, however when I got to him he lifted me above his head. Slowly yet graceful he placed me back on the ground and we slow danced the night away. \"Ariel. Ariel wake up\" I heard someone say repeatedly as my dream stage disappeared with my Ren. \"Ariel, wake up! Time for church!\" I opened my eyes to see my father standing there. \"What happened to your hand? It's purple!\" he asked. \"Oh I fell\" I said sleepily while wondering where Ren was. \"Oh. Well get ready for church. You have an hour\" he said while leaving my room. I moved my non purple hand then I felt a piece of paper. Quickly I grabbed it and realized Ren left it for me. Went home. See you at church -Ren It was simple, but it was Ren. I was always holding out for some hero with powers, but my hero was Ren. I smiled thinking how much better my day would be because of him. He will always be a hero in my eyes. ","Summary":" Hey so this is my first Footloose fanfic and well I am kind of proud of it. I am normally a twiligh"},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"Operation: Get Another Dad","Author":"dontusethisaccanymoreeeeeeeeee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12410343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A few weeks ago, Dick had gotten an idea. And only now is he actually going to put it into action. Barbara and Alfred have been helping him sort a few things out, change a few things (for example, no theme park trips that result in all of them getting kidnapped and having to be saved.. bummer..) and now everything's ready. Right now, everyone's sitting together in the theater room, and Dick's pretty sure that none of them are really watching the movie except Batman. Speaking of... \"Hey, Padre,\" Dick's voice easily speaks over the movie, and everyone turns to look at him. \"Can't we watch something more.. exciting?\" he suggests, when really he knows that they can't , because the whole movie collection they own is either gross romcoms or terribly depressing break-up stories.. oh, and that weird DVD labelled 'TWILIGHT- BATMAN EDITION' that they're never going to watch anyway. \"But I like this movie,\" Batman replies, and is about to turn back to watching before Dick speaks up again. \"I wanna watch some awesome superhero movies- I wanna see heroes like us beating up evil villains- villains like Joker!\" \"But Joker isn't even evil. \" the vigilante points out, and Dick barely manages to suppress a giggle. One, because he said that awfully quickly with slight defensive tone, and two because the plan is now being put into action . At this point, Barbara and Alfred are staring at the two, both smiling a little. \"Well, everyone else except you thinks otherwise,\" Barbara suddenly says, and sends a wink in Dick's direction. Perfect . \"How would you even think Joker's evil ?!\" Batman questions, a little exasperated. \"The worst he's done-\" apart from almost destroying Gotham, but hey, we've all been there, \"-is. Uh.\" he pauses, trying to think. \"I can't even think of anything especially evil he's done, see? Ha.\" \"What about the time he almost blew up a bunch of buildings-\" Dick cuts himself off to reword the sentence. \"No- all the times he almost blew up a bunch of buildings.\" \"And all the times he did .\" Alfred adds. \"Yeah, but all the other villains do that too.\" Batman tries again, and everyone can tell he's losing. \"Does that mean they're not evil either?\" \"Yeah, well they-\" he pauses. \"...dangit.\" \"Exactly. Everyone except you thinks Joker is evil.\" Barbara says again, and Batman huffs childishly and folds his arms. \"Batman never loses an argument.\" he mumbles, and once again, Dick finds himself struggling not to laugh. This time, though, he accidentally lets out a little giggle, and mentally kicks himself.. lightly. \"What's so funny?\" \"Well, I just had an idea- maybe you should try and prove to everyone that Joker isn't evil!\" at this point, the child is grinning widely with what can easily be mistaken for innocence. \"...How?\" \"You could... try and get him to help you.\" Barbara suggests. \"Only works when his status as my Greatest Enemy is at stake.\" \"You could invite him over for movie night.\" \"How would that convince anyone other than all of you?\" \"You could take him out for lunch.\" \"You could hug.\" \"You could ki-\" Alfred covers Dick's mouth. \"Kick- butt...!\" \"No. No. And no.\" \"Oh oh oh! You should like.. go out on a date!\" Batman goes stiff, and it takes him a few moments to actually say something. \"U-um. No.\" Did he just stutter? OH MY GOSH. But Dick pretends to ignore that (something that, obviously, Alfred and Barbara are struggling to do, judging by the fact that they've been staring blankly at Batman since he last spoke) and nods, before holding a hand up. \"You're right. Not serious enough,\" don't laugh don't laugh DON'T LAUGH . \"You should pretend you're dat ing !\" Batman goes stiff again, before pulling his cape up over his head and screaming. \"NO.\" For the next few days, they don't talk about it again. A couple days later, Dick brings it up again. Another no, but the stutter in his voice is almost too noticeable this time. The next day, 'Operation: Get Another Dad' as Dick likes to call it, is mentioned again. Batman's starting to give in. But still a no. Darn . It's been six days. Six days and still, everytime it's bought up it's a no. But Dick isn't going to give up this easily. The Look isn't going to cut it. He needs.. something more powerful. And, in the next couple of days, that something more powerful is all it takes for Batman to finally go through with the plan, and, of course, he claims that it's still just so he can win this argument. Dick is already giving his Bat-dad the address to Joker's place (don't ask him how he has it. Not important.) and sending him off on his way by noon. \"Joker.\" \"Oh, Batsy! You know I don't do fights on Wednesdays, right ?\" \"...Joker. We have to do The Dating Thing.\" ... \" What. \"[Chapter 2] \"Harls, he said he wants to do 'The Dating Thing!'\" Joker says for the fifth time since Batman left, falling into his chair dramatically and sighing. \"What does that even mean ?\" he'd said something about an argument and how he needed to prove people wrong, but... \"It means he wants to go out with ya , hun.\" Harley says, closing an eye and sticking her tongue out as she does her nails. She's already found out about Robin's plan concerning Batman and Joker, in fact she's been planning most of the future.. events .. for it. \"Ya know, the whole thing you've been wantin' with him for a while now?\" well, more than a while. A really, really long while- and it'd taken Joker an even longer while to actually realise it. \"But what 'deal' was he even talking about?\" the green-haired villain mutters- more to himself if anything. \"Does it matter?\" Harley retorts. \"Well... maybe not,\" Joker replies, and glances over at his BFF. \"Hey, what nail polish are you using? It looks cool.\" \"Oh, Poison Ivy got it for me.\" as she says her fellow villain's name, she lets out a dreamy little sigh. \"Oh- it's sparkly, too!\" she demonstrates by holding her hand up near the hole in the wall that they call a window, and flashes of light pink start glittering across her nails. Harley grins goofily, before shaking her head and turning back to Joker. \"Anyways- about Batman- it'll work out, boo-boo.\" she reassures him. \"Besides, you can still say no, right?\" though, I doubt you will , she almost adds. \"Yeah.. you're right.\" the other nods, but then grins again and perks up. \"But I'm gonna say yes !\" he announces, little to her surprise. After a few seconds of uncomfortable silence, Joker gets up and walks over to Harley, taking a seat next to her. \"..first, I need you to fix my hair though. It's been bothering me all day .\" \"On it, darlin'.\" Joker stands outside of Wayne Manor, whistling a little before knocking on the door. This really shouldn't make him feel as nervous as it does, but.. well, you know. Fortunately, Harley's just around the corner in their totally-not-stolen helicopter just in case anything goes wrong. Thank god for BFFs. He's snapped out of his thoughts when the door opens a tad, and Batman himself peeks out. Joker finds himself wondering if the vigilante wears that suit of his all day or something. The thought lingers as he and Batman just stare at eachother in pure silence, until the hero speaks up. \"U-uh. Hi.\" Did he just stutter? Because it sounds.. slightly adorable. Joker clears his throat. God, he really is nervous. \"H-heya, Batsy!\" he stutters, and invites himself in without even thinking about it. No no no , what is he doing ?! He's Joker; Clown Prince Of Crime, Batman's worst enemy, greatest villain of all time . Definitely not someone who gets defeated by just the idea of dating ! Yeah! ...Oh, who is he kidding. He's absolutely terrible at this. Batman stares at Joker, who's been standing there for what seems like an hour. \"Um.. Joker.. are you okay...?\" he asks hesitantly, as another few seconds pass. The clown jolts, as if being snapped out of a daydream, and lets out a laugh that even Batman can tell is forced. \"Yeah, just uh, t-thinking.\" he squeaks. The vigilante shrugs before starting to walk toward another room, shooting a questioning glance Joker's way when he doesn't follow. \"..uh, yeah. Right, sorry.\" the green-haired villain lets out an awkward chuckle, before following him into the living room. \"So, uh.. earlier.. about that.. uh-\" \"Yes.\" Joker cuts in, almost making Batman trip up on his walk to the couch. However, he manages to catch himself before he can fall face-first into the carpet. \"I mean uh- yeah, sure, I can do it.\" he sounds awfully... nervous. And, as much as the hero hates to admit it, it's pretty darn adorable. \"Well- um. Okay then,\" Batman pauses as he reaches the couch and takes a seat. \"So.. you're not going to question this. At all.\" \"What do you mean?\" Joker plonks himself down next to him. \"I.. asked to date you out of nowhere...\" under the mask, he furrows his eyebrows. \"And.. you're just going to say yes.\" okay, so maybe it was just a case of Batman being slightly suspicious. After all, his (previously self-acclaimed) greatest enemy's saying yes to this deal for seemingly no reason , and seemingly zero hesitation . Speaking of this plan, why was he even still going through with it?! This was all so stup- \"...yeah.\" the villain cuts into his thoughts with an uncharacteristically meek voice, and now the other finds himself a little concerned, but decides not to ask about it. Emotions aren't Batman's thing. \"But I mean- you said something about an argument and you'd have to win..!\" \"And?\" this is getting really confusing. \"Well, uh- if you were too busy trying to win that argument, then you wouldn't have time to fight me, duh!\" and just like that, Joker's back to his usual chipper tone, grinning. He leans on the edge of the couch with slightly shaking arms, and then shuffles a little closer to Batman. \"A-anyways, what exactly does this 'dating' thing involve, Bats?\" he asks. \"Well-\" \"BAT-DAD!\" a sudden voice calls out, and a blur of yellow, red and green runs into the room. Oh, Joker recognises the kid. Robin or something..? \"Woah- uh, hi,\" Batman looks a tad shocked at the sudden arrival, evident by the fact that he just scrambled back and fell off of the couch . \"Oh, Mister Joker!\" Robin beams up at said villain, and he finds his heart melting. This kid needs to be protected , holy cow . \"Did my dad tell you about how he totally wants to date you now?\" \"I DO NOT-\" \"He.. did...\" Joker replies slowly. \"Why..?\" \"Well, I had something planned for you two.. and me.. and Alfred and Barbara...\" he counts the names (two of which Joker doesn't know) off on his fingers, then looks back up at the two men. \"We could all go on like, a day out! To a theme park or something!\" he suggests. \"Okay, but why ?\" Batman questions. \"Well, you need to make the dating thing public, don't you?\" Robin replies as if it's obvious. \"So why not? Plus, I've never been to a theme park before. It'll be fun!\" Oh wow, this kid is adorable and persuasive. Just the tone of his voice is enough to make Joker want to say yes immediately, and don't even mention the look he's giving. \"...well, fine then.\" Batman huffs. \"Great!\" Robin chirps. \"Alfred already booked a place for tomorrow, but for now.. we should all go out and get icecream, or something!\" As Batman also agrees to this , Joker realises that he's maybe bitten off a little more than he can chew.[Chapter 3] \"C'mon, guys!\" Robin yells, tugging Batman along with an eager grin. The vigilante finds it hard not to smile at the boy's excitement, and, as he glances around, it's affecting everyone else too. Joker is beaming even wider than usual, if possible, and Barbara is smirking slightly. Speaking of, the woman had insisted she go as her 'normal self' (as she'd put it) because apparently she got discounts . Unfair. If police got discounts, why couldn't Batman ? Suddenly, Robin's voice cuts into his thoughts for what seems like the twentieth time that day, blabbering on excitedly about all the different flavors of ice cream they can get. Batman tunes in and out of the conversation for a few minutes, and by the time they all get to the ice cream store Joker's joined in on Robin's discussion on why mint chocolate chip ice cream should be banned because it's so terrible. \"-I know, right!\" the villain says, hands on his hips. \" What kind of person even thinks it's an acceptable flavor?\" \"Exactly!\" Robin nods, before quickly looking around. His eyes light up suddenly, and he almost knocks someone over running to the building they're not even that far from. \"WE'RE HERE!\" Harley peeks out from behind the building, before quickly ducking back behind it when she sees Batman and co. \"Hey, guys!\" she hisses to her company- aka, all of Joker's 'squad'- and motions for them to come closer. \"Okay, you know the plan, right?\" There's a chorus of 'yeah's, and someone says, 'duh, we've been practicing this all week,' to which they get a light smack on the head from Poison Ivy. \"Alriiiiiiiiiiight, then let's go!\" Harley smirks, skating toward the back entrance of the ice cream shop with a giggle. Batman huffs and stares out of the window of the ice cream store, waiting for Barbara to finish getting their ice cream. Seriously, what is taking her so long? As if reading the vigilante's mind, Robin speaks up suddenly. \"I'm gonna go see what's taking Barbara so long...\" he trails off, as if meaning to say something else, but then shakes his head and beams up at the two still left at the table. \"Bye, Bat-Dad! Bye..\" he pauses for a split second, thinking. \"...Joker!\" Batman smiles a bit as the child runs off, his cape fluttering behind him. A few people turn to stare- actually, quite a few confused citizens have been stealing glances since the group arrived- now that it's just Joker and Batman sitting at the table. \"Sooooooooo...\" the vigilante starts, not quite knowing where to take this conversation. \"About this whole 'dating' thing,\" the other cuts in, and Batman doesn't know whether to feel relieved or nervous. \"Just for the record, how long exactly are we going to be keeping it up..?\" Ah, shit. He actually hadn't thought about that, had he? For a few seconds, he just stutters out a few incoherent words, before clearing his throat. Ahh, good ol' awkwardness. Gotta love it! \"Well- uh- I guess as long as it has to? I mean-\" There's a sudden scream, and a yell of 'OH MY GOD WHO IS THAT ' before Batman quickly looks up from Joker's now-surprised face to see a cloaked figure holding.. something. Oh, yay. \"Aaalright, whoever you are,\" he groans, getting up from his seat to face the mysterious figure. \"Here's how it's gonna go. I'm gonna kick your butt, and- HEY!\" The figure suddenly grabs Joker- who lets out a yelp of surprise- by the wrist, before slinging him over their shoulder and starting to run off. Batman feels.. angry ? Would that be the right way to put it? He shakes his head and decides to think about that later, before taking off toward whoever's attempting to (presumably) kidnap Joker. Harley pants a little as she skates along the pavement, Joker slung over her shoulder as she attempts to outrun Batman. Okay, maybe she's not really trying , considering the whole meaning of this plan is to get the vigilante to save him, but she's gotta make some sort of effort to seem legitimate, right? \"Put. Me. Dooooooooooooooooown !\" Joker whines, pounding on Harley's back with his fists. The woman barely stifles a slightly annoyed groan- god, he really can be a handful sometimes... She manages to carry on for another few blocks before starting to give up- she isn't getting tired or anything, it's just that somehow, the bat keeps catching up to her no matter how fast she skates. And, as soon as she so much as slows down slightly, she can feel a hand grabbing the hood of her cloak. Crud . Just as Batman yanks the hood down, Harley quickly drops Joker onto the floor and dashes off at full speed, praying to whatever god is out there that she hasn't been recognised. \"Joker!\" Batman exclaims as the villain groans, rubbing his head as he attempts to get up. After a few seconds he manages to make himself sound calmer, although he doesn't feel it. \"Are.. you okay?\" without hesitation, he picks the other up, barely noticing the blush that dusts Joker's cheeks. \"U-uh, yeah, m'good!\" he stutters, flashing him a sharp-toothed grin that seems a little wobbly. He doesn't have time to dwell on the thought, though, because suddenly, two familiar figures- Robin and Barbara- are running up to the two, the former holding a whole tub of chocolate ice cream and grinning impossibly wildly. As the child spots the two, his eyes light up with something that looks just slightly sinister, and he speeds up, tossing the tub of ice cream to Barbara. Then, he barrels into Batman, knocking the vigilante- and, consequently, Joker- over. \"Oof- heya, kid!\" Joker laughs, despite the fact that he was just almost kidnapped, and Batman may or may not feel his heart melting for the millionth time that day. \"Where have you been?\" \"Oh- we were getting the ice cream but they ran out because someone stole it so they just gave us a discount on a whole tub because Barbara's a police officer and they get discounts isn't that cool-! \" then, he pauses. At first, Batman thinks it's to catch his breath, but then Robin looks behind them and his eyes go wide. \"And running. From them.\" Oh no. The press . The questions almost go on forever. Most of them actually aren't related to the 'crime,' (which, by the way, was just stolen ice cream and the attempted kidnapping of Joker. One of those things isn't very important to Batman.) and just the fact that Batman has never, ever gone out, doing normal people things with his family - and with the Joker , his worst enemy . Now, the crowd has calmed down a little bit, Robin seems to be getting tired, and Barbara's saying she has things to attend to at work. Meanwhile, Batman is still standing there (still carrying Joker, too) answering question after question. Most of them are the same.. until the very end. The worst questions are always at the very end . \"Why exactly were you with the Joker in the first place?\" fantastic. He opens his mouth to answer, barely noticing Robin's uncharacteristically mischievous smirk until it's too late and his son is already cutting in. \"Oh! It's because they're dating !\" ","Summary":" A few weeks ago, Dick had gotten an idea. And only now is he actually going to put it into action. "},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"How Do You Get That Lonely?","Author":"youngkit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7844922","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How Do You Get That Lonely? Summary: Ren McCormack is extremely confused right now. At the age of 43, he's been married to Ariel twenty years plus had four children, three sons and a daughter. The oldest at the age of 18 when he was supposed to move out, now Ren can only wonder what drove his son to do the unthinkable. Now as the town grieves over a beloved loss everyone is trying to find out why? How did young Rusty McCormack get that lonely? Prologue Ren McCormack sighed as he drove down the road with the wife and two kids in the back seat, except one set was empty. He looked in the rearview mirror, seeing that empty spot, made his heart grow icy cold and shatter at the sight of that empty seat. He looked over at his wife, Ariel staring out at the scenery that past them as he drove. He frowned when he placed his hand on his wife's shoulder and she pulled away but he knew why she did. He looked at his two sons and daughter in the back seat, seeing them confused and sad only made him more confused and sad. Yet, he couldn't help but wonder why? Did he miss the signs? What was going on that he didn't tell him about and if he himself could have helped any. Ren sighed as he pulled into their destination and the whole town was there. That evening a young body was laid beneath the stone. On the stone was engraved 'Rusty McCormack, Son of Ren and Ariel McCormack, Born: October 21st, 1991 Died: July 15th, 2009'. Ren closed his eyes, remembering how the seventeen year old looked exactly like him, rusty brown hair but had his mother's green eyes, which that specific combination made the girls at the local high school go crazy over his son when he was alive. But now his son was with God. He closed his eyes wondering what made Rusty do this. He tried to think of what would drive his son to commit suicide like that.[Chapter 2] How Do You Get That Lonely? Chapter 1: Homecoming Night It was just another Monday at the high school. Rusty McCormack groaned as he got out of his black mustang and slammed the door hard causing the whole parking lot to look at him. He rolled his eyes and walked into school, ignoring the brown haired girl with sapphire blue eyes that tried to get his attention as he walked by. \"Hey man, what's gotten into you? Chill out! Tonight's homecoming for crying out loud, Rusty.\" Rusty looked over at the boy who's left arm was now across his shoulders. The boy was his best friend, Daniel Parks who he'd grown up with since Kindergarten. \"Look Danny, I'm not going anywhere near that place tonight. I'm going down to the docks. Homecoming is the last place I want to be; especially if Brandi is going to be there.\" Rusty said as he inputted the code for his locker and opened it up, putting books inside it. \"Why man? Some secret after party you're not telling me about?\" \"No Danny. I just want the night to myself away from everyone. All my pals, my family, no buddy but me and the ocean.\" Rusty said as the bell rang, announcing them to go to their classes. Rusty sat bored in Chemistry. It was something he already knew being the smartest person in the class, so he was bored out of his mind. Yet, his eyes kept leading him over to the empty seat near the window. He shook his head, trying to clear out the thoughts of that night. He had a feeling that tonight would be different though. He just knew it. Later on that night around eight, Rusty came down the stairs of his folk's house wearing a white t-shirt, jean shorts, and flip-flops with his car keys in his pocket and a large surf board in his arms. \"Mom, Dad, I'm headed to the park with Danny.\" He called, hoping his folks wouldn't turn their heads from the television set to check on him. \"Don't get into any trouble\" and \"Be home before curfew\" were his parents responses and with that, he loaded his stuff into his old man's truck and left, driving towards the water. Waves crashed on the ocean shore as Rusty sat his surf board on a rock, waxing it as he watched how the waves were moving in, knowing that tonight was a good night to be surfing. Yet something else was telling him no, but Rusty didn't really listen to anyone except his mom since she scared him. Once he was in the water, Rusty felt almost like he was home, but he knew he would never truly be at home in the water after that night. It was the summer of last year at night fall, Rusty, Danny and their buddy, Kent had been surfing the waves from before dawn, but something didn't feel right to Rusty that night. \"Guys we should head back, I've got a bad feeling about this! The waves are getting to rough!\" He yelled out to them so they could hear him over the roaring waves that surrounded them. \"Hold on man, let me get this one real quick.\" Kent said swimming out into the open with nothing on the horizon that looked like a good surfing wave, but Rusty knew better. When it came to Kent's sixth sense, it was when a good wave would appear. Kent used to just sit in one spot all day, just waiting for a wave to come. Before Rusty and Danny knew it, a large wave, most likely 10 to 12 feet high came up out of no where. They knew better that to fool with a wave like that, so they headed for shore, stopping once to see if Kent was following them but he wasn't. They watched his crash into the wave, hard. The pair waited to see if Kent came up, but after a few minutes of nothing they paddled over urgently searching for their pal. Rusty shook his head, trying to get the memory out of his mind. He started paddling over to a wave, diving under and appearing on the other side then he started to ride the wave fearless like a rodeo cowboy riding a wild bucking bull. He swerved making the board spray water as he rode the wave while it calmed down. But before he knew it another wave appeared from no where, whipping his under water. Rusty struggled to try and get control of where he was going, but the next thing he knew, the wire of his ankle bracelet got caught between rocks. He finally managed to undo his ankle bracelet as his lungs burned while he swam to the surface, to breathe. Rusty tossed his head back, making his rusty brown hair go crazy as he took a deep gasping breathe. He started swimming back to the shore with his now broken board thanks to the waves crashing it against sharp rocks. He took a deep breathe once on land again, happy. He liked being in the water really, but after what had happened to Kent, he realized just how stupid going out alone like this was. He shook his head and grabbed his clothes, putting them back, got in his car and drove out of the parking lot calling Danny. \"Hello?\" Danny asked yelling. \"Hey man it's me Rusty. Listen, We need to talk, meet me at the hang out?\" Rusty asked. \"Yeah, just let me get away from my date and I'll be there. Bye.\" He said and hung up. Rusty drove to an old clubhouse and got out, going inside, waiting for Danny. Finally he let his emotions get the best of him. He'd been stressed out about school, Kent, and almost everything lately making his want to just loose his mind and join Kent in the only way he could. He opened up the little fridge and grabbed a bud light slamming it shut and broke the cap off with his bare hand, cutting his hand, not caring. He gulped down the addicting, throat burning illegal, in his case, beverage that he just couldn't get enough off. He walked around, his vision getting blurry while his body became tipsy a bit. Finally he saw Danny walk in and Rusty staggered over to him. \"Hey Buddy.\" He said grinning like a fool and tossed his arm over Daniel's shoulders. He gulped down his third beer he'd had since waiting for his pal. \"Rusty what are you doing drinking! You never drink!\" Daniel exclaimed in shock, finding it hard to believe. \"Relax man. Everything's cool.\" Rusty said, tripping over his own two feet, falling face first into the floor. He groaned, cursing out the floor under his drunken breath. \"Come on man. Let's get you to my place. There's no way you can go back home wasted. Your parents would kill you. You're lucky I don't.\" Danny said grabbing Rusty and somehow, between fighting with Rusty over the car keys and getting him to the car, he was able to drive home. Daniel stopped at seven eleven to get something, leaving Rusty in the car knowing that if someone realized that Rusty was drunk then they'd get caught. Yet he never did think things though all the way. Rusty blinked, blurry vision making out a pair of keys, still inside their place, and the car was running. He grinned and unbuckled, fumbling his way into the driver's seat from the back and put the car in drive while his foot was on the brake. He released the brake and hit the gas, driving off into the night. Blurry everything surpassed him as he drove struggling to make out the distances of stop signs and road signs. He was swerving back and forth, driving crazy, not able to see in front of him, due to the fact that his head lights were off. He grinned and closed his eyes for a second sneezing, loosing control of the car. Next thing he knew he saw red and blue flashing light, a bright light and then, nothing. He could hear a faint voice calling to him, but it sounded like it was a million miles away. Then he passed out feeling something wet on his head and neck, pain in his right leg and whole body. ","Summary":" How Do You Get That Lonely? Summary: Ren McCormack is extremely confused right now. At the age of 4"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Pieces","Author":"The First Architect","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7832315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This has been in my head for a while now. Random, I know. But I was (still am) somewhat obsessed with the remake. So read on! And drop a review if you feel like it. But if you don't, it's okay :) Pieces Chapter One: Ariel Moore \"Where have all the good men gone and where are all the gods?\" Holding out for a Hero – Ella Mae Bowen Ariel Moore didn't always use to be a rebellious country girl. She could remember a time when she was young and innocent and her older brother Bobby would tell her that she was always going to be his little sister, so she better not ever lose that southern charm. She'd smile at him and bat her eyelashes and tell him to stop flattering her. Her mother spoke and joked and smiled like she had the whole world figured out. And her father? Well, believe it or not, he was and even acted like a father . A real one. He used what happened in life and with his family to influence his sermons, not the other way around. They had been a family. An actual family. And to put it simply, Ariel was happy . But then Bobby died. And her family tore itself apart from within. Grief, they say, happens in stages. Ariel doesn't know who 'they' are, but she figures they know a thing or two about life and death. Because it starts with her father. The smile is replaced with a constant clenched jaw. His eyes, almost as blue as hers, which always held happiness and faith, are shrouded and consumed by unspoken anger. His temper is short as a fuse. Ariel heard him one night in his study crying and cursing God. \"How could you take him?\" her father had said through choked, quiet, sobs. Ariel thought that was a damn good question. The anger has taken him over, and now it's hard for her to remember him without the scowl. Then her mother shuts down. Denial and Anger and Bargaining and Depression hit her like a tidal wave, and it is too much. She barley ever leaves the house except for church. She never plays Bunko with the mothers of Bomont on Saturdays anymore. She stops meeting and greeting new people. She just stops…everything. Ariel understands what her mother is doing better than anyone. Rusty's mother told her once that she couldn't even fathom what the loss of a child would do to you, and to just be patient, because Vi Moore was just finding her own way to cope with the loss. But Ariel understands completely. Her mother is severing all ties. Cutting her losses and fortifying her heart. Because if Vi Moore only has herself, then the good lord cannot take anything else away from her. But Ariel is still here. She hadn't died that night on that bridge. But her parents are sure treating her that way. She wants to scream at them. Wants to yell, \"Momma, I'm right here! Daddy, your little girl isn't gone!\" But she doesn't think it will do any good. Her parents are grieving in their own ways, who is she to take that away from them? And then the moment comes when her father starts to blame Bobby. He turns against Bobby. He turns against his son. The son that tried so hard— every single damn day —to impress him. So the betrayal of her father is the last straw. She will protect her brother's name even if it means destroying her own. Because the Crosby Bridge accident wasn't Bobby's fault. Not being able to dance in Bomont isn't his fault. The curfew isn't his fault. No matter how often her father blames Bobby for everything that has happened, Ariel will not believe it. So that's where Chuck Cranston and her rebellious attitude comes in. If her father and mother are too busy worrying about her, then they will forget about her brother and stop blaming him. So she starts dating Chuck. Does things she isn't proud of and is the instigation of many of Rusty's mild heart attacks. Sometimes she swears she can hear her brother yelling at her to stop. That this isn't her. That she doesn't have to lose herself because of him. But she perseveres because it is her heart telling her what she wants to hear, and it isn't the truth. And then Ren McCormick moves to town and her plans of self destruction are thrown out the window. Because no matter what her father says, Ren is a good guy . A guy her brother would have liked. A guy who worries about her. A guy who wants to protect her. Someone she can be normal and have fun with. Something she's almost forgotten how to do. And that is why she finds herself sitting in Chuck's truck at the racetrack, caught in the most hostile of awkward silences. She hopes he doesn't notice it, but she's pressing herself against the door in an attempt to get distance between them. \"Are you going to say anything?\" she asks plainly. He doesn't even look at her. \"I don't need to say anything. I got eyes and ears.\" He locks his jaw and fixes her with a good, hard, stare. She blinks and lifts her chin slightly. \"Well, I just thought you should hear it from me.\" He lets out a laugh. And she shifts uncomfortably because it's so void of emotion it makes him seem dead inside. He fixes her with a greasy grin, teeth showing like a wild animal. \"I mean, you crack me up. First you're into racecar drivers. Now you're into dancing gymnasts.\" He shakes his head with another heartless laugh and fixes her with a dead stare. \"I've seen the way you look at him. Waiting for that perfect moment to dumb down and wrap those legs around—\" When he reaches out to grab one of her thighs she slaps his hand away furiously. She lets a moment pass, mostly because her heart is slamming against her chest in rage, and then spits out, \"I'm sick and tired of you treating me like dirt!\" She gets out of the car in a rush of furious eyes and beating hearts and makes sure to slam the truck door for good measure and storms away, wind blowing at her unbuttoned flannel. \"Oh, is that how I treated you?\" Chucks voice is suddenly behind her and it takes every ounce of control in her body not to jump. \"Come here!\" His hand is suddenly around her writs. She tries to ripe her arm away but his grip is firm and she thinks if he grabs it any tighter he'll break her wrist. There is a voice in the back of her head telling her she should have thought this through. Things with Chuck always seem to get out of hand. Fast. And no surprise to Ariel, this time is no different. \"Look,\" Chuck snarls. She's spun around against her will so fast that she actually gets dizzy for a moment. But then Chuck's hands are tight around her upper arms and his breath is hot against her face. \"Just 'cause you're a preachers daughter doesn't give you a free pass at acting like a slut.\" Somewhere between yelling \"get off!\" and \"let me go!\" her mind registers what he's just said to her. And there is sudden blind fury building inside her chest. Now, she's never hit anyone in her life before, but she figures there's a first time for everything. And this is a damn good time. So Ariel Moore clenches her right hand into a fist and punches Chuck Cranston square in the face. Her hand is suddenly on fire and she can feel each of Chuck's teeth rake across her knuckles. Chuck reels from the blow, but something tells her he's been in a couple brawls in his lifetime. Because her moment of victory is short lasted. His hands are around her is seconds, squeezing, and she's twisting and thrashing in his grasp. Then she's being lifted and thrown forward. The ground is hard and unforgiving when she lands and her right elbow slams into the dirt, fingers suddenly going numb. For a second she is too stunned to do anything but breathe deep and steady to control the pain radiating from her elbow. But then she regains her bearings and pushes herself to hands and knees. Something hot and sticky is running down her arm and into the palm of her hand but she's too angry to even think about it. With a, \"I'm done with you!\" Chuck has retreated to his truck. But Ariel will be damned if she lets him get away that easy. Chuck is a bastard, she's concluded, and how dare he do this to her. She finds it funny, actually, that it's taken this extreme for her to realize that. But she'll mentally berate herself later. She's on her feet with a roar of fury and grabbing a metal pole she's found nearby. When his truck shoots forward she's slamming the rod against his windshield. \" Sonofabitch! \" she yells as the glass spiderwebs and then she slugs his headlights. Then a shot to the hood. \" What the hell are you doing!\" Chuck's yelling as he jumps from his car. \"Stop you crazy bitch!\" He rips the pole from her hands and spins her towards him. She aims another punch towards his face but he leans back, dodging and then tags her with a hammer of a fist to the side of her face. She sees stars and pitches backwards to the ground. There's salty thick blood in her mouth and then a steel-toed boot slams into her stomach. The breath shoots from her lungs and Ariel rolls from the blow, until she's on her back staring up at the sky. She chokes on blood that tries to run down her throat and coughs. Blood slips into her left eye and she squints up at Chuck Cranston who is standing over her with a somewhat annoyed look on his face. \"Now look what you've made me do,\" he pants. With the last of her energy, Ariel kicks up between Chuck's legs. She grins to herself as his eyes cross in pain. With a groan he grabs himself and slumps to the ground. Ariel welcomes the silence and tries to forget the pain. It's easier said than done. For some reason breathing is suddenly difficult for her, and with every twitch of a finger on her right hand, there is tingling and sharp split seconds of pain. \"You whore!\" Chuck roars in a hoarse voice, staggering to his feet. \"Crazy fucking bitch!\" She's surprised when he doesn't run her over when he peels out of the gravel parking lot. She almost wishes he did, because now she feels like, total, utter, shit. This mess she's in, as usual, is her own damn fault. She knows it's been her fault for a long time now. But somewhere, someone's whispering that this is what she's wanted all along. And for a lack of better terms, that really, really, sucks. With a broken sob and a couple of tears, from the pain or her overall patheticness, she can't be sure; she gets to her hands and knees. Then, slowly, she stands on unsteady feet. Her ribs protest walking almost instantly, but she ignores them. With a focused mind, not easily done with her pounding head, she's able to take a step. Then another. And another. And soon she's walking. A slow stagger, really, but walking all the same. In a split second she concludes that she is not going to go home. There's no way in hell she's going to let her parents see her like this. Odds are her father would have a heart attack and her mother would shut down completely. Rusty is out of the question as well, because Ariel knows her best friend will blame herself for what's happened. That's just Rusty. So really, it all comes down to the fact that Ren McCormick is the only real person who has ever seen her at her worst. And you know what? She doesn't want to be alone right now. And she feels that Ren will be able to handle this. Ever since the bar he has kind of, sort of, shifted into a kind of sort of boyfriend. A real, decent, caring boyfriend . It'd been a long time since Ariel has had one of those. Actually, a long time as in never . With her mind set, she squares her jaw and hardens her eyes. Wiping the blood out of her eyes she takes a step down the gravel parking lot, finding success in hearing the rocks crunch under her boot. Somewhere in the distance, thunder rolls. . . .[Chapter 2] A/N: Disclaimer: I do not own Footloose. By the way, it is now out on DVD and BluRay. Go buy it! Pieces Chapter Two: Ren McCormack \"Isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed?\" Holding out for a Hero – Ella Mae Bowen Ren McCormack prided himself on being able to read people. Spending time with his mother had taught him, whether he liked to admit it or not, how to read when she was lying or telling the truth. Whether she was in pain or just not feeling. When she was happy or contemplating his life without her. So, based on his growing perception of people, it was no surprise when his \"father\" left. Ren knew the old man was going to split probably even before he knew it himself. But his confidence in his talents wavered ever so slightly after he met Ariel Moore. To put it simply, the girl was unreadable. And that frustrated him like no other. Their first encounter painted her as the innocent, small town preacher's daughter, with the tight nit group of friends and the delicate good looks. But he learned soon enough that Ariel Moore was a damn good liar. Or a damn good chameleon. He can't quite put his finger on it. He watched her transform into this reckless teenage girl that was literally out of control. And even though he couldn't read her as well as he would have liked, he knew that her \"romance\" with Chuck Cranston and her relationship with her \"friends\" that weren't Rusty and Willard, were fake. It was a front. Because Ariel Moore didn't always use to be the girl that had been kissed a lot and stood in front of trains wishing to die. She used to be normal. The revelation came to him when they were crossing the Crosby Bridge after spending a night full of innocent fun and dancing. \"My older brother was driving them home,\" she had said. And the words were so void of emotion that Ren understood that a part of Ariel had died that night with her brother. The innocence. The youth. Her childhood was taken from her in probably one of the most violent acts possible in this world. Ren almost laughs to himself. What a world they live in. A world where a sister has to destroy herself to protect her dead brother's name. Because that's what Ariel is doing. And Ren knows Ariel's lifestyle is slowly destroying her. He knows this because they way she looks at him, the way her eyes sparkle when she smiles at him, is out of affection and not just friendship. But he knows she's afraid to act on her feelings. Afraid that if she slips back into a normal, easy life, people will start to remember. But keeping so much emotion bottled up inside you is dangerous. Because you'll explode. And at the rate Ariel's going she'll be alone when it happens. And Ren's been fearing that day for a while now. So imagine his surprise/panic when he looks out the door of the garage one rainy evening and finds none other than Ariel Moore leaning heavily against the doorframe, disheveled and soaking wet. He sets the wrench in his hand on the ground and tries to remember how to breathe. Because the thing that unnerves him the most is what he sees in her eyes. He's sneaked peeks at her almost every second of every day, just to get a chance to look at those piercing blue eyes of hers and Ren can't help but notice that the glint in them is gone. The glint that told everyone that Ariel Moore was tough—fierce— strong. Ren knows this. He knows because he was so used to seeing that glint every day. His mother had eyes like that, strong and determined. But right now? Ariel Moore's eyes are exhausted and tired and the last time he saw eyes like that, the only person he thinks he's ever loved died. \"You should see the other guy,\" Ariel jokes feebly with a weak smile. Ren swallows, mind racing with a thousand different scenarios. \"I have.\" He finally says. \"But something tells me he looks better now.\" He gives her a split second once-over. There's a cut in her hairline that was no doubt bleeding profusely at some point, based on the amount of blood on the collar of her flannel. Now, however, the wound is dribbling red liquid that is mixing with the rain on her face. Her split lip is overshadowed by her already turning black eye. He can't see the wound, but there is light red blood running down her right arm that is dripping from the fingertips of her bruised hand. Her left hand is wrapped tightly around her stomach, and he would bet money that ribs are bruised by the way that she's holding herself. \"You gonna invite me in,\" her words, thick with her country accent, snap him back to reality. \"Or am I gonna have to stand out here all night?\" \"Right,\" he blinks, shaking his head. \"Right, uh, come in.\" He wipes his hands on his white shirt and steps towards her. She pushes off the garage frame and pain slips into her smile. Before she even has the chance to stumble, Ren is wrapping his arms around her and securing her to his chest. \"Damnit Ariel,\" he hisses when her knees buckle slightly. \"I know,\" she pants. \"I might have bit off more than I can chew this time.\" He lets out a sad laugh as they make their way to his bedroom at the back of the garage. \"I think you did that a long time ago.\" He tells her softly. He helps her into his desk chair and kneels in front of her, hands on the chair arms. She holds her bloodied and bruised right fist in her left hand and bits her lip. \"Maybe,\" she whispers. Looking up, Ren thinks that her blue eyes are the purest things he's ever seen. They captivate him and before he knows it, they've been sitting in silence for over a minute. She blinks, as if she's remembered her current situation and flips her hair with a quick jerk of her head. \"Sorry you have to see me like this.\" she mumbles. He offers a small smile and reaches up to touch her cheek delicately. His fingertips brush the purple and black bruise and the skin is hot against his touch. \"Does it hurt?\" he asks, eyes scanning for any sign of pain. She licks her cut lip and shakes her head. \"Not really.\" He leans back on his heels. \"You're lying,\" he says simply. When she looks up and tries to protest he cuts her off. \"It's okay. I'll go and get some stuff to clean you up.\" \"I don't need saving Ren.\" He turns back to look at her and her eyes, thank god, are fierce and fiery again. That defiant, stubborn attitude of hers, he thinks. But then again, that's probably one of the most interesting features he likes about her. So strong willed and hardened by life. Or is she just broken? Ren figures it depends on how you look at it. He laughs sadly. \"I agree with you. You don't need saving.\" He looks at her and shrugs plainly. \"But I think everyone is worth protecting. Even you Ariel. Even if you don't think so.\" She stares at him for a long moment, like she's waiting for him to say 'just kidding' and leave her, but when he doesn't, she blinks something out of her eye (tears, he assumes smugly) and sniffs, turning away. \"Fine.\" She grumbles. He lets a grin of victory slip across his face and heads to his luggage bag. Rummaging through the contents, he pulls out a towel, t-shirt and loose jeans. He throws the clothes at her. \"Get dry. I don't want you to get sick.\" He takes a step towards the door before turning back. \"And don't move,\" he points a finger at her. \"I mean it. I'll be right back.\" She huffs and crosses her arms over her chest, clenching her jaw slightly. Annoyed, she flicks her over her shoulder. \"Fine. But you better not tell anyone. I mean it, Ren. I don't need that right now.\" He nods and heads out of the room. Now that he thinks about it, he's never had to try and sneak into his Aunt and Uncles house before. It's an odd sensation that washes over him. Nostalgia? Or was it longing? Regardless, he shakes the feelings away as he pushes open the screen door lightly, trying to avoid the squeaky springs. He crosses the threshold of the living room and heads towards the closet in the hallway between Unky Wes' office and the girls' bedroom. He remembers Lulu telling him it's where they kept the first aid kit. Then, he hadn't given it much thought, but now? He's thankful he was semi-paying attention. Opening the closet door, he kneels and slides out the kit. Searching through the contents he removes an ace bandage for Ariel's ribs, gauze, hydrogen peroxide and Neosporin for the cuts and scrapes. He pushes the kit back and shuts the door silently. Heading towards the kitchen he grabs a rag and fills a bowl with ice. He pauses for a moment, hands resting on the counter and looks down at all of the supplies in front of him. Memories of his mother flash across his mind and he sighs deeply and drops his head, shoulders sagging in sudden exhaustion. \"Ren?\" He spins around so fast he nearly gives himself whiplash. Composing himself quickly, he is not at all surprised to find Lulu standing behind him, eyes scrunched together in confusion. After all, why would his first attempt at sneaking into his Aunt and Uncles house go according to plan? Ren wasn't that lucky. He tries to smile and waves awkwardly. \"Hey, Lulu.\" \"What are you—\" She rubs at her eyes. \"What are you doing? You have any idea what time it is? You have school tomorrow.\" \"I know. I just—\" \"Why do you have all that?\" She's taken a step towards him, eyes suddenly focused and alert. \"Are you okay? Are you hurt?\" She's closed the space between them in seconds, eyes scanning him for injury. He's suddenly uncomfortable. And it's not Lulu's fault, it's just that he's not used to other people, who weren't his mother, worrying about him. Lulu seems to sense his uncomfortableness and takes a step back. \"I'm sorry,\" she rushes. \"I was just—worried. That's all.\" He shakes his head. \"No, it's okay Lulu, really. This stuff,\" he motions to the bandages and antiseptic. \"It's not…not for me.\" He's concluded that he trusts Lulu. And Unky Wes. Here Ren is, imposing himself into their lives, drawing unnecessary attention, causing unwanted trouble, and every time Wes looks at Ren, he probably sees his dead sister. And Ren can relate, because he's learned to hate grocery stores. Pretty soon all of the mothers in that place sound like his mom. So this family that has taken him in gets his utmost respect. And Ren figures he will learn to love Lulu like a second mother and Unky Wes as the father he never had. But that doesn't mean he's going to spill his guts without a fight. After all, what's a family without a little stubborn argument? Lulu shifts slightly to the side, just enough so she can peek around him and out the window above the sink to the garage. She looks back to him, locking with his eyes. \"Who's out there Ren?\" Ren looks down to his shoes and doesn't say anything. Lulu takes a step back and loosely crosses her arms. \"I understand that I'm prying, but if you have someone who's hurt I don't want you to get mixed—\" \"It's Ariel Moore.\" He blurts out suddenly, because there is so much worry radiating from Lulu that he feels tremendously guilty for causing it. Lulu's eyes go wide, at his sudden confession or the identity of the person, he can't be sure, but her body reacts instantly. With two quick steps she's at the phone and Ren gets to her just before she hits send. He takes the phone from her hand and hangs it up quickly. She spins to look at him, eyes suddenly flashing with anger. \"What are you doing?\" she demands in that tone that mothers have. \"I was going to call Vi Moore—\" \"You can't,\" Ren says quickly. \"Lulu, Ariel needs some,\" he licks his suddenly dry lips, eyes searching for the right words. \"Alone time. She needs to figure out some things.\" \"Her parents need to know—\" \"Her parents have been part of the problem ,\" Ren stresses. \"They don't know what's going on with her. Bobby's death,\" the words are mud in his mouth and Lulu flinches slightly. \"Did something to them. It did something to all of them . Grief is a powerful thing, Lulu, and no matter how strong you are, it will wear you down.\" His Aunt fixes him with a steady gaze. He realizes he won't persuade her to keep this secret. Deep down, Ariel Moore's parents need to be told about the situation. Hopefully he can get Lulu to buy him some time to cool her down. He sighs and runs his hands over his face. Turning to his Aunt, he nods his head. \"You can call Vi Moore, but wait a little bit.\" Lulu opens her mouth to interrupt, but Ren cuts her off. \" Please Lulu. Just—wait.\" Lulu lets out a frustrated sigh but nods her head none the less. \"Okay, Ren. I'll give you an hour.\" Ren smiles. \"Thanks, Lulu. Really. This means a lot.\" He gathers the supplies in his arms and turns towards the door, only to hesitate. \"When you do talk to Ariel's mom,\" he says softly. \"Try and make her understand that Ariel's safe here.\" He locks eyes with his Aunt. \"That Ariel's safe with me .\" . . . ","Summary":" A/N: This has been in my head for a while now. Random, I know. But I was (still am) somewhat obsess"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Change","Author":"Unamerican","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7941651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so I read the pairing and I really liked it but not many people have written about so I decided why not... So I hope you like and please review and give me ideas I love to hear what you have XD Even after Willard learned to dance he wasnt much a dancer, but he loved to watch Ren. He loved the way Ren's body moved and pulsed with the music. His tight muscules tensing and flexing. Willard had wanted to memorize that body. He wanted to learn that body move his hands over it, his lips, teeth, tongue and find out the noises he could create. It had been five years since the town had changed and everything was different. No only had Rusty and Willard broken up but so had Ren and Ariel, but Ariel and Rusty had gone and never looked back. Ren had stayed his accent dulling with time, but when emotions were high it would clear as day. Willard had become a lawyer it had been a shock, but a good one. Everyone he went up agasint thought he was slow and knew very little. But the truth was Willard was smart and good at being a lawyer, the accent made people assume. The way he became a lawyer had been a mistake but it worked out for the best. At his first day of college he had gone to the wrong class and he was interested so he changed his major. Ren had become a dance instructor and owned a bar. He had fallen in love with the town, but occasionally return to the city to remind himself why he left. Ren hadnt changed any he was still slight and fit, he had a smirk that made you melt. Ren had broken up with Ariel when he figured out that he had a crush on Willard. He didnt want to string the her along because in the end it would only hurt both of them. So he had let her go and he knew that had been the best thing. Ren had felt a connection to Willard the moment they meet and they had barked at each other it had felt real and the possiblility to connect was strong. Ren had started to see Willard different. The way Willard danced was awkard and amature but his enthuisasum had made up for it. The way he tried and worked at it until he had it down to a nice swing and flow that he soon looked like a natural. At one point he wanted to dance with Ariel, but slowly it had changed to Willard. He wanted to move and glid his body around the dance floor with Willard watching and moving with him. Something had to be done they needed to know that they liked each other and so they did. Willard went to Ren's bar. Willard wore a sleek black suit and his hair under a dark cowboy hat making him look so good. Ren had to look away so he wouldnt blush. Willard jumped the counter pulling Ren into a kiss that was passionate, possesive and loving. The whole bar whooped and cheered casing them both to blush. Ren pulled them to the back to talk. \"Willard what was that?\" Ren asked his accent thick. He looked shocked and scared but on the inside he was praying Willard wasnt drunk and knew what he was doing. \"Ren I love you,\" Willard blurted intwining their fingers. \"I love you, more than anything, I learned to dance because I knew how much you loved it,\" Willard explained. \"I wanted to be with you when you danced, I didnt want to be left in the dust,\" Willard finished. \"Oh, Willard I... I would never leave you. Your my best friend. You'll always be beside me,\" Ren whispered blushing and stepping closer to Willard until he had to look up to look into the other's eyes. \"I love you, too\" Ren whispered tippy- toeing to kiss Willard's impossibly soft lips. Willard's right hand dipped to Ren's lower back and his left cupped the back of his lover's head. The kiss slowly became hotter and hotter the warm wet contact becoming to little for the boys. Ren was pinned to the wall his legs spread with Willard's thigh grinding aagainst his hard member. \"Oh, Will...Willard ah..nghanma\" Ren gasped grind on the other's thigh loving the way chills went through his spine and fried every nerve until he was cuming in his pants with Willard pinching his nipples through the fabric and sucking on Ren's sweet, sweet tongue. Willard had only dreamed of this, making Ren lose control and lose all sense. Ren leaned agaisnt Willard shivering and gasping clinging to the other trying to regain focus and control, but the orgasm still ran through him, taking it's time to stop. Willard unzipped Ren's tight black jeans and slipped a hand into the wet cooling mess of Ren's underwear. His member still semihard and now overly sensitive. Causing Ren to try and squirm away but still be pinned agaisnt the wall. \"Ah!... NHamha...ngga,\" Ren cried tears at the corners of his eyes \"Oh god,\" \"Not god Ren, baby this hear is Willard's doing and dont you forget,\" He whispered. Willard kept talking putting himself in Ren's head, making it so he was everywhere in Ren in his pants and head. \"Your mind Ren and I'm yours, things have changed and this is one of them,\" Willard said still rubbing his lover off watching him wirther and cry out. His lips swollen and tears collecting, him bitting his lip too, cause Willard to want to bend him over and take him, but he was a gentleman he would wait until the other was ready. And slowly he would do it, so that it was unforgettable. That night Willard got Woody to lock up as he took Ren home. His boy already sleeping in his arms. Ok so what did you think should I continue or maybe make into a series of one-shots you decides[Chapter 2] Ok so I hope you like it I decided to make into one shots if you have an idea please tell me. Thank you and enjoy XD And sorry this one is so short For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.\" -Judy Garland Ren was pushed into the dusty factory wall by Willard. Their lips attacked and slowly their bodies started to mold together. \"Ah...ha Willard.\" Ren gasped as he was fondled through his pants. \"Now you listen good Ren if we do this your my boy and I'm yours from now on, no one elses, not even Ariel's you here?\" Willard asked the lust making his accent thicker. Ren nodded in agrement and love, blushing. Willard was Ren's now and that made him feel special and loved that Willard would put it so forward and straight to the point. And he would be Willard's. Willard leaned closer to the other giving him a kiss and than slipping away and pulling Ren along. Willard pulled him up the factory and brought him to a self made room. The factory was abandoned and old, it echoed every sound and noise, bring the cries of pleasure back to them. The room had mats on the floor with thick blankets and all kinds of pillows and lanterns all around. It was simple and home crafted and really thoughtful and beautiful. This was something that Willard had made and it was something that Ren would never forget. \"Willard this is so...\" \"Im sorry this is so...I didnt have a lot of him and didnt want something so special be known byy everyone smhm\" Willard was cut off by a kiss. \"This is perfect.\" Ren finished pulled Willard along, Ren pulled Willard's hat off and slid in on to his head. They continued to kiss and laid on their sides caressing, and fondling. Willard started to strip Ren until he was in nothing but socks. Ren blushed, no one had ever seen him so open and vanurable. Willlard laid between those long tan legs kiss up them until he reached the hip then jumping to the pink candies called nipples. Willard started to stroke Ren. \"No...ah..ngmanha Willard your clothes,\" Ren cried trying to tug at Willard shirt, but the lust was wrapping itself around him. He was arching his back and his toes started to curl. Willard pulled his shirt off and captured Ren's lips in a kiss. \"Better?\" Willard asked loving to hear Ren's accent. \"Ah...Willard more..ppleas-e\" Ren begged tears filling his eyes. The cowboy go off the bed and stripped the rest of his clothes and got the condom and lube. His eyes dragged over every inch of his boy's body. Ren's body was lean with narrow hips and long legs. His skin taunt and stretched over scuplted muscle. Willard slowly prepared Ren wanted him to feel only pleasrue. His touch and voice was the only thing important. Slowly Willard tweaked Ren's nipples until his hips would thrust up than started to kiss and mark lower, until he engulfed Ren and fingered him. The fill of such an intrusion felt different but right, and slowly it became pleasureable. Once the pain of Willard him reseeded it was pure ecstacy that ran through their viens. Each stroke brought them closer until they came together. Willard pulled out and they came down from their high, the intoxicating pleasure still running through them, but Willard pulled Ren close tangling their legs.. That niight they laid together holding one another and whisper afraid that if they spoke to loud they would brake the perfect would they created with one another. Ren felt whole and safe. \"I love you.\" Ren mouthed into Willards neck, kissing the skin softly. He went to sleep with Willard's voice. \"Love you too, Ren,\" Willard replied pulling Ren tight up agaisnt him cuddling into the other and giving him kisses. Ok so how was it please review please please please, thank you. XD ","Summary":" Ok so I read the pairing and I really liked it but not many people have written about so I decided "},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"Nanny","Author":"WildRelapsedCreature","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12616288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy or any of its characters. I only own June Agarist. Rain poured over the vast city of London, soaking every inch of concrete in its reach. People were hustling along the sidewalks, in a hurry to get to a chosen destination or to just get out of the torrential rain. Though, there was one person that easily stood out from the rest. Short stature, and a slim build. The person was carrying a large bag, one could almost make it out to be a suitcase, for it was big enough for a few days travel. The figure hurried inside a small shop, water droplets racing their way down the figures raincoat. In the small shop, the store clerk looked over to the new figure. The figure pulled her hood down to reveal a girl, a woman would be a more accurate description perhaps. But though a woman on the outside, did not mean there was a woman on the inside. She shook out her auburn, shoulder length hair, damp from the precipitation still raging out in the street. For those who'd look at her, the first word that would come to mind would be beautiful. For those who knew her, that first word would be odd. Very, very odd. It's not like she tried to push others away, she was a very curious girl, a free spirit if you'd like to go that far. Though, why she was in London, was still a mystery in itself. \"Hello, dear. Can I help you?\" the elderly aged woman behind the counter hesitantly asked, a bit put off by her sudden appearance. \"Oh, um. Hello. Oh could you help me? I seem to be lost. You see, I was supposed to meet someone who'd take me up to the house I need to go to. But I've lost my way. Could you help me?\" the girl looked relieved, happy to find someone who was finally willing to help her out. \"Of course I can.\" the woman confirmed, internally scolding herself for being so rude earlier. \"I'm looking for the grocery market, the person I'm meeting is supposed to be there.\" \"Well there's only one market that I can think of where'd you'd meet this someone. If you go down the road and then turn left, you should see the entrance to the market.\" \"Oh thank you ma'am.\" \"Anytime my dear, but, might I ask, who would you meet in this horrible weather?\" \"Oh. I saw an ad the other day for a family who needed a caretaker for their house. Someone who could cook and clean for them. A maid in sorts I guess.\" \"Well that's lovely! Who are these people, if I may inquire a bit further.\" \"Of course you may! Curiosity is only natural. The ad said for one Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire.\" The elderly woman paled, \"Y-you. You answered that ad?\" \"Yes.\" the girl stated, very much confused at that point, \"Is everything alright ma'am?\" \"Oh, yes. I do apologize. Well, I must bid you a farewell, you must have had a long day.\" \"O-okay. Goodbye.\" The girl left the woman's shop, on her way to the market where she was to meet the person picking her up. The woman's behavior puzzled the girl, for she didn't understand the woman's wariness. Shrugging it off, the girl finally found the market where she was supposed to meet whomever was taking her up to the old house. Greeting the driver, she helped place her luggage into the car. She was a little nervous, but excited to begin her job. \"Alright ma'am, is this is?\" the driver asked. \"Yes, uh, I think it is thank you.\" The driver got in the car behind the wheel as the girl got into the passenger seat. The drive up to the house took about thirty minutes. 'These people really didn't like civilization did they?' the girl thought as they pulled up to the house. \"This is as far as I shall accompany you.\" the driver stated after he helped her put her luggage inside the Victorian style house. \"Thank you for everything!\" \"Mrs. Heelshire asked me to tell you that she would meet you in the parlor soon.\" \"Thanks again. I really appreciate it.\" The driver nodded and took his leave. The girl brushed her hair behind her ears and took a couple of curious steps forward. She found the kitchen and looked around in awe. \"Hello.\" The girl gasped and turned around, in front of her were two figures. \"Oh, my.\" the girl breathed, \"You startled me.\" \"I assume that you're the nanny who answered our ad?\" the woman announced. \"Oh. Uh, yes. That's me.\" \"Your name is?\" \"June. June Agarist.\" \"Welcome to the Heelshire house. Now, I shall take you on a tour to show you what you will need to do and have you meet Brahms.\" \"Alright.\" June followed the two people, who she assumed were Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire. But she wasn't completely sure. The house was giant sized, leaving her to feel small and poor. \"Now, as a nanny, your duties will be to take care of Brahms while Mr. Heelshire and I are away during the day. But of course, even though we're going through this routine, Brahms will make the final decision on whether or not he truly wishes for you to stay.\" Mrs. Heelshire, who June had confirmed as when she was talking, informed. \"Well, I shall do my best and I do hope that Brahms likes me. Well, at least tolerates.\" \"You won't have to do any of the outside chores, since your solely here to watch Brahms while we're away for awhile. A stay at home nanny if you will.\" \"I understand.\" June agreed. \"I think it's time for you to meet Brahms.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy or any of its characters. I only own June Agarist. Rain poured ove"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"Not So Bad","Author":"NotALifeToLive","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12155381","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm sorry if it's an epic fail. I recently watched the movie and fell so in love with the story line and the characters and this was born. I hope neither Brahms or Greta are OOC. I tried to portray Brahms as a new father and adult as well as a jealous kid who doesn't like sharing his toys (Greta) to the point of despising his own child. To anyone following The Enemy, My Wife, I did start writing the next chapter and I'm going to try to go back to add more details and revise some of the dialogue. I hope to finish the story soon so I can move on to my others and finish. What if Greta hadn't left Brahms after all? What if they'd had a night of passion resulting in the birth of a beautiful baby girl? What would Brahms thoughts on it be? Slight GretaxBrahms. BrahmsxOC (Non-incest). Rated T for nudity and slight inappropriate content, but no lemon, nor is it supposed to be sexual. Childishly innocent.. Mostly... Not So Bad Brahms didn't know what to think about the tiny creature resting in his old cradle. For one thing, it wouldn't stop complaining and whining, stealing all of Greta's attention away as she went to fetch a fresh nappy. She had left the unwilling father to watch over the little fuzzball. Sure, the damn thing looked cute with its small tuffs of curly, dark locks just like it's father's and it's innocent gaze, but Brahms found it more creepy than cute. Ever since this THING had come along, Greta had been giving it all her attention and love, leaving her poor little Brahmsy to his lonesome. Yeah, at first, when she told him the news, he'd been so excited. What new and lovely challenges would fatherhood present him? Things quickly turned sour in the first few days of pregnancy. Almost instantly, Greta had barricaded herself in the mansion and became borderline obsessed with the baby's survival. She wouldn't allow any sort of intimate actions aside from the occasional chaste kiss in fear of another miscarriage. She then became super moody and bipolar-like, switching from crying to laughing, to laughing to crying, to angry to sad again. The cycle repeats. Then there was the random bouts of puking and the constant conversations of the baby itself. After the first three months of that, Brahms had lost all interest in the baby and decided the pregnancy was a huge mistake, though he wouldn't admit so aloud, let alone to Greta. Not after her previous gestation with THAT man. Brahms had been listening the day she told Malcolm of her former abusive relationship and her unfortunate miscarriage. It wasn't hard to deduce when Cole had shown up that he was the jackass who had impregnated her and forced her through living hell. For the first, he felt a blinding rage: absolute ire that another man had been allowed to touch his pretty Greta in such a way, but if the past pregnancy had been deserving enough of his wrath, the abuse had been deserving enough of the porcelain shard in that abhorrent man's throat. The infant suddenly let out a loud, keening cry, startling Brahms from his thoughts. He shot her a glare behind his mask, hoping she'd somehow understand that the jump scare she had accomplished was rude and not to be tolerated in his house. \"Come on, Ally,\" his childish voice crooned, \"Please stop that noise for daddy. You want to be a good girl, don't you?\" When the unbearable cry refused to cease, he felt his self control escape him. His voice crept into a lower tenor as his anger seized him. \"Alice Elizabeth Heelshire III, if you don't stop crying, so help me-\" \"Brahms?\" Greta's soft voice interrupted, her face appearing in the doorway. \"What are you doing?\" He pointed his finger at the baby as if to incriminate her as the culprit. \"She won't stop crying,\" he whined, his voice shifting now towards childish as he gripped his dark fringe. \"Please stop her, Greta. She's not behaving or following the rules! She's supposed to be behaving!\" Entering the room and placing her hand upon his chest, her touch calmed him down. \"Well, she's a baby, Brahms. Baby's don't have rules yet because they can't understand them. Just calm down and let me deal with her. She's either hungry or she needs to be changed. It's okay. She'll stop crying in a minute.\" Greta walked over to the cradle and scooped the child into her arms, checking her nappy to make sure it was clean. It was. \"She's hungry,\" Greta informed him, blushing as she felt him tug her shirt off her shoulders along with her bra-strap. Brahms didn't seem to see anything wrong with it as he gripped her breast and tried to move the wailing child towards it. \"Brahms!\" Greta gasped, cheeks flaring at the touch. Brahms stepped back, surprised. Greta pressed her lips together as she guided Alice to her awaiting breast. Within seconds, the crying ceased and Brahms' headache deflated greatly. \"I'm sorry I freaked out like that,\" Greta spoke over the suckling child, \"but you scared me. A little warning would have been welcomed.\" This time he remained silent as he nodded, glaring at the child again. While her tantrum may have halted, his jealousy still throbbed strong. Ever since she'd been conceived, he had become Greta's second, having been replaced by the babe as her first priority. He was a mere shadow to one who hadn't done anything of proper significance. Someone of no use stealing his Greta away. And she let her. Oh, how it boiled his blood. Just another reason to add to the long list of why the baby was a nuisance and a thorn in his side. Without her, he and Greta would still be able to share long nights of passion without being interrupted. Without her, he'd be able to get a well deserved good night's rest instead of the average of three hours she allowed either of them. Without her, he'd have Greta all to himself and he wouldn't have to share. But it was more than that. Brahms didn't WANT to share his Greta, yet the nuisance felt entitled. What a little bitch. Even now, his Greta was ignoring him in favor of her \"precious little Alice.\" As Brahms continued to brood, Alice finished drinking her fill and Greta began bobbing her gently in hopes of getting her to sleep. Lulled by the soft humming of her mother, Alice drifted off into dreamy land, leaving her parents in peace. Brahms was relieved the pest had finally given into Wonderland, and even Greta felt she could use a bit of a rest herself. Wanting nothing more than to relax and enjoy the rest of her night in peaceful quiet, she trudged off to bed and dropped herself onto the mattress, atop sheets and all. Brahms followed her into the room a moment later and began rubbing soothing shapes into her back. She gave a soft moan of pleasure that sent anticipation shooting down his spine for what he planned to do to her. Greta had been ignoring him and therefore his rules too. And because of that, she needed to be punished. She needed a reminder of who she belonged to. As he commenced the night of supreme passion, his mind was on nothing but making up for lost time and proving her time was more worthy spent on him than on that baby girl. And just as he bared her down into the bed and discarded his mask in order to kiss her, as if by revenge, a familiar wail erupted around the mansion. Smiling apologetically, Greta pushed him off and rushed to the nursery to sooth the child, leaving a dazed Brahms still in bed. Gritting his teeth, he pushed himself off bed and stalked into the baby's room, much less good mannered than her mother. This time, Greta was in the middle of changing her as he entered the room. Glancing at him over her shoulder, she shot him a remorseful look. Clearly she had wanted to make love just as much as he did. This only added heat to the fire. Unable to hide his anger due to lack of his mask, his cold disposition did not go unnoticed. Greta finished her task and laid her daughter back into the cradle and played Brahms' Lullaby for her. Seeing the baby content, she swayed her figure seductively as she walked over to her husband, rubbing her enlarge breasts (one of the pros of breastfeeding) against his chest. \"You've been such a good boy today,\" she whispered sexily near his ear as she began biting his neck. \"I think you need a reward.\" As Greta dragged him into their bedroom and locked the door behind him, Brahms knew he had his little creation to thank for this. For all her irritating and borderline annoying quirks, she made Greta glow with astounding happiness. For all the jealousy and insecurity she stirred within him, he couldn't truly denounce her as a mistake and mean it sincerely. For all the times he'd regret having made her, she was one of the reasons for his utmost happiness. All he could conclude was that through the ins and outs and the challenges that fatherhood possesses, he wouldn't give it up for the world. As fates go, it wasn't half bad. ","Summary":" I'm sorry if it's an epic fail. I recently watched the movie and fell so in love with the story lin"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Mistreated Retribution","Author":"rika08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7487747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ariel Moore looked up into darkening sky. Dark clouds were rolling toward the small town of Bomont, no doubt bringing their seasonal thunderstorms. Her bright red cowboy boots kicked up the dirt on the sidewalk as she walked down her street. Her thumbs hung on the edges of the front pockets of her dark jeans. Not too long ago she would wear jeans that were too tight for her, or shorts too short, back when she was rebelling against her father, the city council, and just about every authority figure in Bomont County. Her hot pink ear buds blasted her music from her iPod in her back pocket, livening up her stroll. Every few steps Ariel would spin, or add a few extra steps along the sidewalk. Seeing no one was going to arrest her for dancing, why not enjoy it? From behind, a pair of headlights came up on her, casting a long thin shadow of herself along the sidewalk. Figuring it would pass like every other car on the road, Ariel just ignored it and kept walking. But when her shadow on the ground remained, even grew larger, she began to wonder. Ariel turned around, walking backwards on the sidewalk. A truck had pulled up along the sidewalk behind her. She could make out the old frame of the large blue truck. The metal grate in front of the grill, the spotlights on the top of the cab, dents on the hood and a broken headlight. Ariel suddenly felt her stomach church nervously. The driver's door opened. The owner-and Ariel's ex-Chuck, climbed out of his truck. His button up shirt was unbuttoned, revealing his white wife beater tank. His jeans were faded and massively torn. His blond hair was messed up more than she remembered. Truth be told, he looked like hell. Probably stoned, or drunk, or both. He walked-stomped actually- toward Ariel. Ariel pulled her buds from her ears and waited as Chuck approached her. \"Well look at you. Little preacher's daughter taking a troll around her neighborhood. Got her daddy wrapped around her little finger, got her little dance, even got a new boy to bang.\" He slurred. \"What do you want, Chuck?\" Ariel asked. She folded her arms in front of her chest. Chuck snickered slightly. \"I'm just wondering how the hell I got screwed over.\" \"Not my problem.\" Ariel said. She turned and started walking back down the sidewalk. Chuck grabbed her arm and pulled her back around. \"Oh yes, it is.\" \"Let me go.\" Ariel demanded. \"Not a chance in hell.\" Chuck said. \"You got what you wanted you little slut. Now I'm gonna take what I want.\" \"Let me go or I swear to god-\" \"You're going to do more than sweat to god when I'm done with you.\" Chuck said. Ariel brought her hand up and punched Chuck in the jaw. His head snapped to the side but he still held onto her wrist. Chuck turned his head back toward Ariel and swung his hand at her. He released Ariel's wrist as he backhanded her, throwing her to the ground. Ariel cried out in pain and stumbling to the ground. Chuck grabbed Ariel and threw her over his shoulder. He threw her into his truck and quickly drove away. A crash of thunder echoed over the small town, drowning out Ariel's screams. for those who haven't read anything from me...yes i'm one fo those violent people.[Chapter 2] Boston, Mass had a lot of things to offer, but the heavy rain and thunderstorms were low on the list, and high on Ren's enjoyment list. The heavy rain hammered on the roof of his room. Thunder rolled off in the distance. Only moments ago had it crashed just near the garage. Yet with all the noise and rain coming down outside, Ren wasn't the least bit distracted. He sat on his bed, leaning against the headboard, with his history book propped up on his legs. His iPod was blasting loudly over the rain in his ears. Surprisingly, with his iPod to keep him mildly focused, his history book was an interesting read. For a text book. A soft tap on Ren's shoulder snapped him from his focus. He looked over his shoulder to find his Uncle Wes standing at his door. Ren pulled his buds from his ears and sat up. His uncle was drenched from the rain, even in the short distance it was from the house. His short brown hair was stuck to his head and his shirt clung to his chest. \"What's up Uncle Wes?\" Ren asked. Wes jerked his head toward the house. \"Reverend Moore's on the phone for you back in the house.\" Ren's brows arched slightly. \"Really? What's he want?\" Wes shrugged. \"Beats me, why don't you go ask him.\" Ren smirked and closed his history book. \"Course, you know this means that if I don't pass my history test tomorrow, I have an excuse.\" Wes shook his head. \"My ass you get an excuse.\" Ren chuckled and jogged behind his uncle to the house. The rain pelted down on them, drenching them both within seconds. The cold water felt wonderful Ren's face. Refreshing after reading. Wes slid open the back door of the house and entered. Wes returned to his chair and picked up the newspaper. Ren followed his uncle and closed the door behind him. He walked up behind his cousin and ran his hand through his hair, spraying the two girls with water. The girls screamed and ran down the hall from Ren. Ren laughed to himself. \"Ren.\" Called his aunt. She held the phone in her hands. Ren nodded. He moved to her side and took the phone from her. \"Reverend Moore?\" \" Ren? I was wondering if Ariel was with you.\" Reverend Moore asked. Ren blinked to himself. \"Uh, no sir. I haven't seen her since I dropped her home today.\" \" Has she called you recently?\" he asked. \"No sir. Is Ariel in trouble?\" Ren asked. Shaw Moore sighed heavily on the other end. \"I'm not sure Ren.\" \"What do you mean?\" \" I mean, Ariel's not at home. Her mother said she went for a walk a few hours ago, but she hasn't come back yet. I've called Rusty but she hasn't heard or seen her either. All of her books, bags, phone, is still at the house.\" Moore answered. \"Maybe her walk was longer than she thought?\" Ren suggested, though more for himself than for the reverend. He wasn't going to deny the worry starting to keep into him. Moor sighed again. \"I don't know, Ren. I'd like to think time just escaped her, but I honestly don't know.\" \"This might be a stupid question sir, but have you talked to the police?\" Ren asked. \" I have. They're watching the streets for her.\" Moore answered. \"Is there anything I can do?\" \" If you see Ariel, have her call home.\" Reverend answered. \"And pray it's soon.\" \"Yes sir.\" Ren said. The call ended. Ren hung the phone back up on the receiver and sighed. \"Everything okay?\" his aunt asked. She stood in the kitchen, working on dinner. Ren turned. He shook his head. \"Ariel went out but she hasn't come home yet. Her parents were wondering' if I'd seen her, they're kinda worried bout her.\" \"And you haven't seen her?\" she asked. \"Not since I took her home after school.\" Ren answered. He leaned against the kitchen counter. \"What are they doing?\" \"They have the cops watching for her on the streets.\" Ren answered. He looked outside at the dark storm. Something wasn't right about this. \"I'm going out.\" \"Ren dinner's almost ready.\" She said. Ren nodded. \"I know but…I gotta check some place. Just on the off chance she's there. I'll be back soon.\"[Chapter 3] Ren steered his small yellow beetle into the old warehouse. The rain was still coming down hard, echoing loudly in the empty building. In the distance, a train whistle cut through over the rain. Ren cut the engine and climbed out of his car. He flicked on his flashlight and scanned it over the area. \"Ariel?\" Only rain answered him. Ren turned and started walking toward the far end, toward the railroad. His shoes kicked up the old dust, sticking to his wet shoes. He zipped up his jacket and brazed the down poor. He jogged through the rain toward the tracks. Mud and water slushed around his boots as he jogged toward the tracks. The light of his flashlight fell upon the abandoned train car. The 'yearbook' car. Its doors were still open, still dark. But there was someone nearby. On the tracks. Ren shined his light on the figure. It was Ariel! She was standing on the tracks in the pouring rain. She was completely oblivious to the light on her, staring down at the ground. \"Ariel!\" Ren called. Ariel remained still, like she hadn't heard him. A whistle of the train sounded, closer this time. Ren turned quickly. The train was fast approaching down the tracks, right for Ariel. Ariel looked up from the ground, watching the approaching train. \"Ariel get off the tracks!\" Ren yelled. But Ariel stayed. She stood perfectly still, watching the massive stream of steal and metal come speeding toward her. Suddenly Ren realized that Ariel wasn't playing chicken with the train. He dropped his light and sprinted toward the tracks. The train whistled loudly at Ariel, urging her off the tracks, but Ariel stayed where she stood. Loose gravel flung beneath Ren's boots as he raced the train to Ariel. He prayed Ariel would come to her senses and jump off the tracks before he reached her, but she never blinked. Ren pushed himself to run faster. He was close, so close. But so was the train. He watched Ariel lose her eyes, ready for the impact. Ren jumped across the track, slamming into her. The train whistle blew loudly as it raced across the tracks where Ariel had stood not two seconds prior. The force threw them off the tracks, rolling in the gravel. Ren rolled to a stop several feet off the track. He landed on his back, looking up at the downpour. The heavy drops landed on his face. Ren groaned and sat up. The rain fell down the back of his neck and down his shirt. He turned Ariel, who had rolled onto her stomach beside him. She was already on her knees. Her hair was dripping, hanging around her face. Her clothes were soaked and hung to her body. \"Just what the hell were you thinking?\" Ren demanded. Ariel said nothing. \"Ariel!\" Ren called. Ariel brushed her hair from her face, giving Ren a full view of her appearance. Her lip was split and swollen. The dried blood had been washed away in the rain, but was still on her ripped shirt. Mud ran down her face and caked her shirt. Her wrists looked raw and red, even in the dark. \"Oh my god.\" Ren said. He moved closer toward her. \"What happened?\" Ariel turned her head from Ren and stood up. She staggered a few steps, but remained on her feet. Ren stood up behind her. \"Ariel what the hell happened?\" Ariel still said nothing. She started walking from Ren, toward the railcar. Ren reached out and grabbed Ariel's wrist, stopping. \"Ariel-\" Ariel turned. \"What the hell did you stop me?\" \"Excuse me?\" Ariel slammed her fist against Ren's chest, trying to pull her wrist free. \"What the hell did you stop me?\" \"Stop you from killing yourself?\" Ren asked. He snorted. \"Do you have any idea how freaked out your parents are right now?\" \"Like they give a shit about me.\" Ariel snapped, still trying to pull her wrist free. Ren still held her. \"I know they called me asking where you were. I know they've got the cops keeping an eye out for them. And I know they're freaked out waiting for you.\" \"Well you shouldn't have stopped me.\" Ariel replied. \"You expect me to let that train just run you down?\" Ren asked. Ariel pulled her wrist. \"If you only knew. Let me go.\" \"So you can try that again, not a chance.\" Ren said. Something was wrong, that much was clear. Something was very wrong. Sure when he'd first met Ariel she had attitude bigger than he did. But after the council meeting and the dance, she'd changed, he'd changed. What she was doing now just didn't make any sense. Ariel slammed her fist against Ren's chest again. \"Let me go, Ren!\" Ren caught her other wrist before she could hit him again. \"No gonna happen Ariel.\" Ariel squirmed in Ren's grasp. \"Ren-\" \"I'm not letting you go, and I'm not leaving you here Ariel. Deal with it.\" Ren said. Ariel's hands clenched into tight fists. She tried to hit Ren's chest again, but his grip was just enough to keep her from doing so. She lowered her head in defeat, giving up her resistance. She leaned her head against Ren's shoulder, crying against him. Ren released Ariel's wrists and wrapped his arms around her. The rain continued to pour down on them, but neither cared. ","Summary":" Ariel Moore looked up into darkening sky. Dark clouds were rolling toward the small town of Bomont,"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"Looking Into Your Eyes","Author":"Musical-mutiny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13251205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Welcome to Heelshire Manor Watching the trees fly by from the back of a taxi, Heather Miller let out a sigh of content. She needed this little getaway after the year she'd had; a fresh start, a new beginning. At this very moment she was on her way to her new job at the Heelshire Manor where she would be spending the next few months looking after little Brahms Heelshire, an eight year old boy who, according to his parents, couldn't wait to meet her. Heather was rather excited to meet Brahms as well. She loved children very much, that was what she had gone to school for, she had a degree in early childcare development and education, it was also why she had decided to take the job as the boy's nanny. She was jostled from her musings when she noticed the Taxi driver take a turn leading them towards a large gate with a large H in the center. A man came forward on the other side of the fence and opened it for the taxi to enter. That path leading up to the Heelshire home was a mess of trees on either side of the cobble stone driveway, and it seemed to be never ending. As they pulled to a stop in front of the manor Heather was awed by its building. The Manor grew out of a well manicured lawn. Its nascent stone walls were a pale grey and were barren of the moss or ivy that clung to the walls of the older homes in the village. The grey brick that made up this manor clashed perfectly with the red shingles that adorned the roof. Its large oak door was double wide and was sheltered under a wide wrap around porch supported by pillars; and above those pillars sat a balcony that looped the entire dwelling. All in all it was beautiful. In all her twenty-four years Heather never dreamed she'd be living in a place like this, no matter how briefly it was to be. Heather jumped in fright when she was brought out of her thoughts by the taxi driver knocking on her window. She opened the door and stepped out. \"My apologies miss; I didn't mean to scare you.\" Heather shook her head and smiled, \"That's all right I was admiring the house and hadn't realized we had stopped.\" The driver nodded as he pulled her luggage from the trunk, \"Understandable, miss. It is a lovely old place.\" He finished pulling her last suitcase out and turned to smile at her, \"Now how about we get this luggage inside and you can meet the family, hmm?\" It took all of five minutes to get everything Heather brought into the house. Unfortunately the Heelshires had stepped out for a bit, so Heather had to leave the luggage in the front parlor until they returned and informed her on where to put it all. Once all of her things where inside, the driver bid her goodbye and left. The inside of the house was just as lovely as the outside and Heather wished she could take a look around, but she didn't want to seem rude by exploring without their permission so she decided to wait in the sitting room with the rest of her belongings for the Heelshires to return. While waiting, Heather decided to pull out her copy of Pride and Prejudice as a way to keep occupied for the moment, and before she knew she had become immersed in the words of Jane Austin. \"Hi.\" Heather jumped let out a squeak in fright turning to look in the direction the greeting had come from. It was a young man about her age. He was quite attractive with dark brown hair and hazel eyes, and he was growing a bit of stubble out as well. He smiled at Heather nervously, \"Sorry, believe it or not, I was... I was actually trying not to scare you.\" Heather chuckled and stood up to face the man, placing her book in the seat she was just occupying, \"It's alright, I should have been paying better attention.\" He stepped forward and offered his hand for her to shake, \"I'm the grocery boy… ah well grocery man. I own the store actually.\" He rambled nervously, still holding onto her hand, \"Oh, I should probably mention my name, I'm Malcolm.\" Heather grinned at him, \"Heather, I'm here for the nanny job.\" Malcolm finally released her hand, \"Nice to meet you, Say I've got some groceries to put away in the kitchen, if you want to join me?\" He offered, \"I can give you a tour of some exotic locations...such as the pantry and bread bin.\" He paused, turning to look hopefully at her, \"Does that interest you?\" Heather laughed and nodded her head, \"Yes thank you that sounds much nicer than sitting her all alone. Lead the way.\" Malcolm turned around and began heading back for the kitchen, with Heather following behind, \"You are American, correct?\" he asked. Heather nodded as she looked around, \"Yeah, This is my first trip outside of the country.\" They made it into the kitchen and Heather began helping him put away the food. \"Alright, so let me guess…Montana?\" Heather smiled at the man as she grabbed the carrots, \"Alabama, actually.\" she motioned over to the basket on the counter, \"In this, right?\" Malcolm nodded, \"Yep, right in the basket. I'm usually so good at these things. I've got a touch of the gift.\" Heather turned back around to face the man, \"The gift?\" \"Prognosticator, clairvoyant, whatever you like to call it. I had a grandmother that read tea-leaves. My mother read palms, so...\" He shrugged and continued unpacking. Heather had the distinct feeling that this man was trying to flirt with her, \"So what do you read?\" and she had decided she was going to let him. \"What? Me?\" he questioned looking almost embarrassed. She laughed, \"Yes you.\" \"Chewing gum.\" \"What? Really?\" Heather asked. Malcolm smirked at her, \"We don't get to choose our gifts, Heather.\" He moved closer, rounding the island in the center of the kitchen, \"Come on; If you'll allow me...Let me show you.\" \"You want to read my gum?\" Heather asked, amused. \"Yes, I am going to read your gum.\" He nodded in affirmation. She sighed, \"Okay,\" and popped it out of her mouth and into his waiting hand. Malcolm looked down and studied the gum, \"Interesting teeth marks. Have you had braces?\" Heather chuckled, \"Yes.\" He nodded, \"Yes, I see that you're a writer, from Montgomery, Alabama. It looks like you've come here to be inspired by the English countryside and to get away from the hustle and bustle of your life in the U.S. of A.\" \"No.\" she shook her head with a small laugh. \"Okay let me give it one more go then. Say did I get anything right?\" \"Nope.\" \"Alright then, one more try. Ah okay, I see what went wrong. It's very obvious now. I see a dark past. On the run from someone, are we?\" Heather's smiled disappeared immediately, but she was quick to replace it with a fake one, \"Missed again, would you like to go a third round?\" Malcolm chuckled and threw her gum in the trash, and the two of them went back to unloading the groceries, \"No I think I'm done embarrassing myself for one day. I'm afraid that was my best attempt at flirting. Believe it or not I'm actually considered charming in this country.\" Heather threw back her head and laughed, \"I can believe that.\" He chuckled, \"It's amazing that any of us manage to procreate at all really.\" She looked over at him with an amused smile, \"Bread?\" He pointed, \"In the cupboard behind you.\" \"So,\" Heather started turning back to face Malcolm, \"What are the Heelshires like?\" He let out a fond smile, \"Well they're nice, you know...very generous. As good a people as you'll ever hope to meet.\" Heather nodded along with a small smile, \"And Brahms? What's he like?\" Malcolm paused and looked at her thoughtfully, \"Brahms, he is…I'm not quite sure how to explain it, but…\" he was cut off by the sound of someone entering the kitchen. Heather looked up and is greeted with the sight of an elderly woman. She smiled and walked over with her hand raised, \"You must be Mrs. Heelshire. It's so nice to finally meet you.\" The woman gave a small, tight smile, \"Is that your luggage crowding the parlor?\" Heather's smile turned a bit nervous, \"Oh yes ma'am, I wasn't sure where you wanted me to put it so I just left it sitting there.\" \"Hmm. Malcolm,\" Mrs. Heelshire called, \"would you mind terribly, helping Miss Miller move her things to her room?\" Malcolm nodded, \"Sure.\" The two of them followed Mrs. Heelshire back into the parlor where Heather's luggage was. \"Brahms is very excited to meet you Miss Miller; he's never met an American before.\" Mrs. Heelshire commented as she led the way. Heather smiled at the older woman, \"I'm very excited to meet him as well.\" Mrs. Heelshire turned and looked at the young lady, \"You have a very different accent than what we were expecting, Miss Miller. Where are you from again?\" Heather turned and smirked over at Malcolm, \"Alabama, Mrs. Heelshire.\" Malcolm just rolled his eyes at her playfully. Once they arrived back in the sitting room Malcolm moved to grab her two suitcases, and began making his way up the stairs to the room Mrs. Heelshire told him Heather would be staying in. Heather went to grab her purse and book only to pause, \"That's odd.\" \"What's that Miss Miller?\" Mrs. Heelshire questioned. Heather turned back to face the woman, \"I could have sworn I left my book sitting right here on the chair, but it's not there anymore.\" Mrs. Heelshire gave another tight smile, \"It'll turn up; Brahms most likely took it. He's a rather playful boy, and he probably couldn't pass up the opportunities to read something new.\" At that Mrs. Heelshire looked a bit nervous, \"I do hope that it's a book that he would be permitted to read.\" Heather nodded, \"Its Jane Austin's Pride and Prejudice, he should be okay to read it; though, I'm not sure how much an eight year old is going to understand. What with thinking girls are infested with cooties still.\" Heather chuckled and managed to pull a small, forced laugh from the older woman. \"Indeed,\" She agreed, \"Now come along, we've kept Brahms waiting long enough.\" She motioned up the stairs. Going up the stairs they past by a rather large portrait of the family, \"Is that Brahms?\" Heather asked rhetorically, \"He's a handsome young boy.\" \"Thank you, Miss Miller.\" Mrs. Heelshire replied but didn't slow her stride. They enter a large room where a man, Mr. Heelshire she guessed, was leaning over a chair speaking to someone, most likely Brahms. \"Daddy.\" Mrs. Heelshire called as they entered the room and moved closer to the elderly man, \"Miss Miller, allow me to introduce you to Mr. Heelshire.\" The man nodded and smiled, \"Miss Miller.\" Heather smiled back at the elderly man, \"Very nice to meet you, Mr. Heelshire.\" \"And this is our son, Brahms.\" Mrs. Heelshire informed her as they both moved out of the way.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Hello Brahms Heather stared in shock for a moment. It was a doll, a porcelain replica of the little boy from the painting. These people were insane… but then who had the boy been in the painting? Maybe they had a son a one point but had lost him and to battle with their grief they created this doll. If that was the case, Heather didn't want to be rude and insult them, and she really needed this job and the money they were offering. So she gave a warm smile and bent down at eye level with the doll, \"Hello Brahms, my name is Heather; I've been looking forward to meeting you. I have a feeling we're going to get along just fine.\" She straightened back up and smile at the Heelshires, who gave her sad smiles back. \"I see you've already met Brahms.\" Malcolm said as he entered the room. He walked closer to Brahms and shook the doll's hand, \"How you doing Brahms?\" but didn't bother to wait for a reply, there wouldn't be one, \"Now you take it easy on Miss Heather, she's come a long way to meet you.\" He straightened back up and faced the Heelshires, \"I'll be off then, bills on the table and the rest of Miss Miller's luggage has been put in her room.\" He looked over at Heather and smiled, \"Pleasure to meet you Miss Miller, and I'll see you on my next delivery.\" Heather smiled back, \"See you then.\" \"Thank you Malcolm.\" Mrs. Heelshire said. \"Of course.\" He replied before leaving. Once he was gone Heather turned her attention back to the Heelshire as Mrs. Heelshire started to speak, \"Well Miss Miller, we might as well get started. I have a lot to go over with you.\" She then picked up the Brahms doll and looked over at her husband, \"If you'll excuse us, daddy, I'm going to show Miss Miller to Brahms room and go over a few things with her.\" And with that Mrs. Heelshire led Heather from the room. \"You'll be all alone out here. Do you think you can manage?\" Mrs. Heelshire asked as she started to lead her down the hall. \"Yes ma'am, that won't be a problem.\" Heather assured her. \"Hmm,\" she nodded and continued up to the third floor, \"We've had a number of potential nannies come through already. Brahms rejected them all, though none of them were as young or pretty as you.\" Mrs. Heelshire complimented. Heather blushed slightly, \"Thank you.\" They made it into Brahms' room and she slipped the doll into some pajamas, \"You'll wake him at 7 o'clock each morning and you will dress him.\" Heather nodded along with her and she diligently watched the woman. \"You find his clean clothes behind you.\" She said as she slipped him into bed. Heather reached out and grabbed the clothes and laid them at the bottom of the bed. She then moved towards Brahms. She felt so awkward doing all of this for a doll, but she didn't want to upset the older woman. She decided to just pretend like she was taking care of a real child, \"Brahms its time to wake up!\" she slightly louder that her usual tone, and picked the doll up. She set him on the side of the bed and began undressing and redressing him into his new clothes. Once done, Heather picked the doll up and held him close, just like she had seen Mrs. Heelshire hold him. \"Well Miss Miller, I'm rather impressed you did quite well.\" Mrs. Heelshire complimented as she took Brahms back and led Heather out of the room and down the hall to the study. Mrs. Heelshire placed the doll in one of the chairs, \"Brahms has three hours of lessons five times every week and I like to start by reading him some poetry. Do you know any Miss Miller?\" Heather nodded, \"Oh yes ma'am, I'm an avid reader. My favorite poet would have to be Edgar Allan Poe.\" Mrs. Heelshire hummed in agreement, \"Yes he was a wonderful poet, dark but enchanting. Though I would prefer you not read his darker works to Brahms, but anything here you can read to him and it must be done in a loud, clear voice.\" \"Yes, of course.\" She agreed loud and clear. \"Excellent,\" Mrs. Heelshire nodded in acceptance, \"next is music appreciation.\" They heard a small clink, and looked over to see that the Brahms doll had tilted over. \"Oh no Brahms, you must sit up straight, like a good little boy.\" She straitened the doll back up and turned to face Heather, \"Music, Miss Miller, I don't know how Brahms would go on without his music. It's his world. Of course, he likes it rather louder than I prefer, but it gives him so much joy I don't dare take it away from him.\" Mrs. Heelshire turned on the vinyl player, and music started blasting through the room. Heather had to fight not to cover her ears. After a few more seconds, Mrs. Heelshire turned the music off, \"Would you like to join us for lunch, Miss Miller?\" Heather smiled kindly, \"That would be lovely, Thank you.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (LIYE) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Lunch was an awkward affair for Heather with the Brahms doll being seated directly across from her, Heather felt like he was staring at her the whole time. It was during lunch that the Heelshires informed her that they were going away on holiday together, something they hadn't done since Brahms was born and that was the reason for the nanny. Heather promised that Brahms would be in good hands while they were away, and that seemed to sooth the elderly couple a bit. Once lunch was over Mrs. Heelshire informed Heather that she would need to keep all leftovers in the freezer, before letting her know that Mr. Heelshire would explain the rest of her duties, and then she picked up the doll and left the kitchen. The elderly man requested that she follow him outside so he could show her the traps. He opened the back door and ushered her outside into the garden. \"We do our best to keep up the house.\" He began as he started picking up traps and dumping them into the trash back Heather was holding, \"Oh, and by the way, we don't use the fireplaces anymore.\" Heather looked at him confused, \"Why ever not?\" \"Bit of a hazard.\" He answered giving her a kind smile, \"And regrettably, the last tradesman we had, actually, he managed to paint the windows shut.\" He chuckled at the thought, removing a huge rat from one of the traps and moving to throw it in the bag, only for its tail to slap against Heather's hand. She let out a little scream and dropped the bag, darting a couple of steps away. Mr. Heelshire looked at her, shocked, and then he started to laugh heartily, \"I'm sorry, my dear, but it's only a dead rat.\" Heather blushed, \"Sorry, just never been a big fan of rodents.\" She told him as she reached out to pick the bag back up. Mr. Heelshire continued to chuckle as they moved along, \"Personally, I don't think that all of this is necessary, but Mrs. Heelshire is convinced that the rats will get into the walls. And Brahms, of course, he's never been very fond of animals; he has always been very shy, very timid.\" Heather looked up, only to see Mrs. Heelshire staring down at them. Heather lifted her hand and waived at the elderly woman, who hesitantly returned the greeting. She then went back to refocusing her attention on Mr. Heelshire, \"I know how this must look to you, Miss Miller, and to be completely honest I'm not sure how it all came to this. Little by little and then all at once, I suppose.\" He looked a little sad and Heather's heart went out the man, \"What I'm trying to say, is that whatever it might look like on the outside, our son is here. He's very much with us. Do you understand, Miss Miller?\" Heather nodded, \"Yes Sir, I understand.\" She said compassionately. The man smiled down at her, \"Good, that's very good dear…\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (LIYE) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \"Gentle Jesus, meek and mild, Look upon a little child. Pity my simplicity. Suffer me to come to Thee. God bless Mommy. God bless Daddy. God bless Heather. God bless Me. Amen.\" Heather stood outside the door listening to the couple put the doll to sleep. They spoke quietly to Brahms before Mrs. Heelshire turned to face Heather, \"Could you give us a moment alone to speak to Brahms privately?\" Heather smiled at the woman, \"Yes ma'am\" The elderly woman smiled sadly at Heather and closed the door. Heather turned around and rested her back on the wall next to his door, waiting. She could hear muffled voices coming from the room, but she wasn't going to bother trying to eavesdrop, though at one point she could have sworn she heard a child's voice. Before she had more time to dwell on it the door was wrenched open and the Heelshires exited the room, \"He wants you, Miss Miller. He's chosen you if you'll have him.\" Heather grinned brightly, \"I'd love nothing more than to be Brahms' nanny.\" She smiled and hugged Heather tightly. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Welcome to Heelshire Manor Watching the trees fly by from the back of a taxi, Heather Mi"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Balto McCormick","Author":"Balto Kodiak","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6971784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Balto McCormick Chapter 1: First Day in Beaumont A/N: I was watching Footloose today, and I have this OC of mine that I love (Balto Kodiak) and thought I'd do something different than usual. I thought that instead of putting her in the place of Ren and changing all the characters, I'd just make her Ren's sister. It's a new thing for me, so please review and let me know how I did. I tried to base some stuff off of some things my brother and I used to do. However, I'm also trying to keep Ren in character as much as possible, and combining the brother-sister relationship with keeping him in character is kind of a challenge. So again, please review and let me know how I'm doing. Disclaimer: I'm claiming no rights to Footloose. I'm just a fan havin' a little fun with one of her favorite 80's movies. I only own my character, Balto. I'm not claiming rights to the movie Balto by using the name. There, I think that just about covers everything. Balto and Ren McCormick had just moved to a little town called Beaumont, and already didn't like it. It was much smaller than their native Chicago, and it wasn't very lively. Right now, they were sitting in church listening to Rev. Shaw Moore rant on and on about music and religious stuff. Balto was getting very bored and was wondering when this was going to end. Balto was Ren's 17 year-old younger sister, (assuming Ren was 18, since the movie gave almost no reference to his age), and looked a lot like her brother. She had brownish-blonde hair, hazel green eyes, and slightly tanned skin. She also had a blue hat that she almost never took off. \"Hey, Ren. When do we get the hell outta here?\" Balto whispered. \"I don't know, soon hopefully.\" Ren answered. Unluckily for Balto, their mother heard them. \"Balto Kävik McCormick, don't you dare swear in church,\" their mother scolded her. Balto had a bad swearing habit, and often got in trouble for it. She and her brother were often described as \"reckless troublemakers,\" but Balto was proud of that title. Not much later, Rev. Moore dismissed everybody and went outside. \"Mrs. McCormick, your sister has us so excited about you coming,\" Shaw said, when they ran into him. \"Thank you,\" their mother replied. \"Did you meet my wife, Vi?\" Shaw asked, ushering Vi forward. \"No, how do you do?\" She shook Vi's hand in greeting. \"How nice to meet you,\" Vi greeted. \"Hi, I'm Mrs. McCormick and this is my son, Ren, and my daughter, Balto,\" their mother gestured to both of them. Balto and Ren just smiled, nodded, and shook Shaw and Vi's hands. \"So you two will be going to the high school?\" Shaw inquired. \"Yep,\" Ren answered. \"Have you two met any of your teachers?\" \"No, we haven't had a chance.\" \"They've only been here eight hours,\" their mother added. A few moments later, some girls came out of the church. One of which, was Ariel, Shaw's daughter. Ren raised his eyebrows when he saw her, and Balto just smirked. \"Daddy?' \"Ariel, will you come meet the McCormicks?\" He pulled her over and began introducing them. \"This is Mrs. McCormick, her son, Ren, and her daughter, is it Bingo?\" \"Balto,\" Balto corrected. She hated it when people said her name wrong. It was a big pet peeve of hers. \"They'll be new at the high school tomorrow,\" Shaw explained. \"Me, Edna, Wendy Jo and Rusty are going for a soda at the Hi-Spot.\" Ariel told him as they ran off towards her friends' car. \"Ariel, remember, you have school tomorrow!\" Her father reminded her. \"I'll be home for dinner!\" \"God is he excellent!\" Rusty said. \"Who, the new kid? He's alright,\" Ariel answered. \"Are you blind? He's gorgeous!\" Rusty exclaimed. … \"Have you seen the new high school?\" Rev. Moore inquired. \"No, we haven't.\" Balto answered. … \"Hey, what about his sister? Balto, I think it was. What do you guys think about her?\" Ariel asked. \"She's okay, I guess. She wears boy's clothes, though, isn't that strange?\" Rusty replied. \"Yeah, have you ever seen a girl wear boy's clothes? It's not somethin' you see everyday, that's for sure,\" Edna said. … \"I made you some of those Toll House squares I promised,\" one of Ren and Balto's relatives announced. \"Lulu, you taste one of these, you'll burn your recipe.\" \"Reverend, we have a little problem,\" a man in a suit told Rev. Moore. \"I heard the English teacher is planning to teach that book.\" \"Slaughterhouse Five. Isn't that an awful name?\" Somebody commented. \"That's a great book,\" Ren added. Everyone looked at him like he had lobsters crawling out of his ears. \"Slaughterhouse Five. It's, it's a classic.\" \"Do you read much?\" The man inquired. \"Well, sort of, but my sister, Balto, doesn't. No, she prefers climbing trees to reading books,\" he explained. \"Well, in another town it's a classic-\" a lady began. \"In any town.\" Ren interrupted. \"Tom Sawyer is a classic.\" \"That's fine.\" After that awkward dispute about books and reading, everyone sat down at the dinner table. Except for Ren and Balto, that is. They were just staring out the window, talking quietly amongst themselves, like they normally did whenever they weren't bothered for a while. \"Ethel, have some more ham.\" Ren and Balto jolted at the sudden break in silence. They were in their own little world, it seemed, and hated being pulled out of it. \"You sure Ren and Balto don't want anything?\" Their younger cousin, Amy asked. Amy was very fond of them, especially Ren. She still liked Balto, though, since Balto taught her how to climb trees. \"We're all a little tired from the move,\" their mother answered. \"I'm gonna take Ren a potato,\" Amy said. She started to get up when she was interrupted. \"Amy, come back and sit down. I'm sure your cousins are fine.\" \"It's a shock to the system, moving out here from the big city.\" \"What if he's starving?\" Amy protested. \"Amy, you are so lame,\" Sarah said. Amy got mad, so she and Sarah began hitting each other, when their mother intervened. \"Sarah! Amy! Eat!\" \"You sure you're not too tired?\" \"No, Ren did most of the driving.\" \"If you ask me, Ren is a total fox,\" Amy commented, much to everyone's displeasure. Ren whipped his head around at that comment, finally diverting his attention to something else besides his sister. Balto tried her best to stifle a laugh as Ren's face turned different shades of red. \"Where did you hear that?\" \"See how television and those kinds of books influence children?\" Ren and Balto decided to get away from all this arguing over books and TV and went to the backyard. The second they were outside, Balto climbed the nearest tree and sat down on one of the lower branches. Ren just sat in the grass and appeared to be deep in thought. They loved the time they spent just talking about everything that came to their minds. Balto in a tree, Ren in the grass, it was a good time for them to talk like a brother and sister would. \"Quite a town, huh, Ren?\" Balto asked, lying down on the branch, and putting her head against the trunk. \"Sure. Not as good as Chicago, but apparently it's good enough for mom,\" Ren answered. He laid back in the grass with his hands behind his head staring up at the snow white clouds roll across the bright blue sky. \"Why don't you climb trees anymore, huh? You used to, but when you turned thirteen, you stopped. How come?\" Balto inquired. \"I got bored with it,\" he replied. \"Horseshit Ren! You never get tired of climbing trees! I've been doing it since I was six, and I still love it,\" Balto exclaimed, sitting up on the branch. \"And you've been skipping school almost every Monday and Friday since you were fourteen,\" Ren countered. \"Ha ha. And mom still doesn't know. You did too, a couple times, though, remember?\" Balto asked. \"Yeah. You were good at not getting caught, kiddo,\" Ren replied. \"Goddammit, quit calling me 'kiddo!' I'm only a year younger than you, ya know.\" Balto said. \"You got a real swearing problem, you know that don't you?\" \"So? You swear, too.\" \"Can we please change the subject?\" Ren asked pleadingly. \"Alright, uh, what do you think about that girl Ariel, huh? Personally, I don't think she likes me,\" Balto stated. \"Now why wouldn't anybody like you? You're a ton of fun, you got a good sense of humor, you got a lot of good stuff in ya,\" Ren said back. Sure Balto was kind of rude, rarely showered, and smelled, but she was his sister and he loved her nonetheless. \"I don't know, but you still haven't answered my question, Ren.\" Balto told him, raising her right eyebrow and putting a mischievous grin on her face. \"Well, she's alright, ya know?\" Ren answered, half-heartedly. He obviously didn't want to talk about that right now. \"Okay, okay, I see,\" Balto replied, more to herself than her brother. \"Do you think it's a good idea to skip school on the first day?\" She asked, changing the subject again. \"I don't know, Balto, you tell me,\" Ren answered sarcastically. \"I don't think I will. I would've in Chicago, but I think I should know the school better before I start skipping, you know?\" \"You mean so you know which teachers to be sarcastic to, the best ways to avoid getting caught cutting class, and all the best targets for pranks?\" Ren inquired, again, sarcastically. \"You left out skipping detention without getting caught,\" Balto reminded him. \"You are quite the troublemaker, aren't you?\" Ren loved that about her. She was a troublemaker, and she was proud of it. He learned some of his best techniques from his younger sister, and often cut class with her. \"You remember that one time back home when we skipped school with Jimmy? Man, we almost got caught! You were stupid enough to make that phony phone call to get him outta school with your normal voice!\" Balto recalled. \"Hey, I can't disguise my voice as well as you can, alright kiddo?\" Ren countered. He stood up to claim another spot in the yard, when Balto became enraged again. \"I told you not to call me kiddo!\" Balto yelled as she jumped down from the tree, and onto her brother's back. Ren immediately dropped to the ground. Balto had him in a headlock, and he was trying to get her off of him. This wasn't an all out violent fight like some other siblings do, no no no no no. This was a play fight, or a teasing fight, if you will. They used to fight a lot when they were younger, and Ren usually beat Balto. However, in recent years, Balto had gotten stronger and more physically fit, and often won in the fights they had. Everybody inside heard the grunting and swearing from the fight in the backyard and was wondering what the hell was going on. They decided to go out back and investigate. Much to everyone's surprise, and their mother's displeasure, they caught Balto with Ren still in a headlock. The two siblings noticed their presence and stopped briefly to think of the heat they were in. \"Ren and Balto McCormick! What are you doing?\" Their mother screamed at them. Ren and Balto looked at each other, trying to think of an excuse. \"Brother-sister stuff?\" Ren answered in a hoarse voice. \"Well whatever it is, I want you two to stop. Balto, let go of your brother,\" their mother instructed. Balto did as she was told and released her hold on Ren's neck. Then she trudged into the kitchen to get some food in her stomach. Ren was gasping for breath and clutching his throat as he followed her inside. The sun was already beginning to set and night was approaching quickly. Nighttime was Balto's favorite part of the day, but she needed to wake up early to find a frog to put in their cousin Sarah's bed. Balto was a major, big-time prankster and one of her favorite pranks was the frog in the bed. She pulled it on Ren once, when he was 10, and got quite a kick out of it. \"Man, it's nine o'clock already? It seems like it was only an hour ago when I was in a tree back home while you and mom were loading up the car,\" Balto recalled, as she kicked off her shoes and took off her leather jacket. \"Yeah, I know. It's incredible how time flies, huh?\" Ren said. Since there were no other available beds in the house, and Ren occupied the sofa bed, Balto had to sleep on the floor in the living room until further notice. It's actually a lot more comfortable than it sounds. \"You sure you're alright on the floor there, Balto?\" Ren asked. \"Of course. I sleep on the floor all the time,\" Balto answered. When she and Ren were little, they used to curl up in the same bed whenever it was cold, or when it rained, but they've long since grown out of that. Well, almost grown out of it. Upon occasion, they still would, but very, very rarely. They began talking again, but twenty minutes later, their mother came and told them to go to sleep. She then kissed them goodnight, and turned off the lights, like they couldn't do it themselves. Ren was out cold, but Balto lay awake for a while, staring at the ceiling. The climate in Beaumont was too hot for her. She liked a cool climate, not an excruciatingly hot climate. Oh well. No one's paying her to like this place. … Meanwhile, at the Drive-In, Ariel was with her boyfriend, Chuck, and had smuggled some tapes to listen to. \"You be careful with that!\" Chuck warned her. \"Your daddy hears you playin' it, he'll bust your butt.\" Ariel barely listened, and put the tape in the player and pressed play. The song was broadcast throughout a majority of the place. Everyone started dancing and singing, and the like, when Shaw, Ariel's dad, showed up. Ariel immediately turned off the music and awaited the argument that was bound to happen between them. \"Your mother didn't think you had any money with you,\" he said, surprisingly. Shaw handed her some money, and went on his way. Everyone, especially Ariel, was grateful that he hadn't yelled and busted everybody. They all seemed to be thinking the same thing: Thank God! A/N: So how'd I do? Love it? Hate it? Suggestions and constructive criticism are welcome, just don't be too harsh. I have anger problems. Remember I'm new to this whole concept, so take it easy. Thank you and have a good day! :D[Chapter 2] Balto McCormick Chapter 2: First Day of School A/N: So here's the second chapter. Trying to keep things as accurate as possible. Sorry I keep using the same words, I lack work ethic. Please remember to review. Keeps me writing. Ren woke up first the next morning with a groggy feeling in his head. It was their first day of school, and he didn't know about Balto, but he refused to be late. He looked to his left and saw Balto, still sleeping, with a small puddle of drool emerging from her open mouth. He just stood up and started getting ready for school. He figured he'd wake Balto up later, since it was a bad idea to wake her up early. Balto had forgotten about finding a frog, and decided to sleep a little longer. Ren was trying not to step on her, and succeeded in that attempt. However, his foot made contact with her ribs, waking her almost instantly. \"Get your foot off me, Ren,\" Balto groaned. Balto hated Mondays more than she hated school. She wasn't much of a morning person, either. Balto sat up and rubbed her eyes, adjusting to the light in the room, and thought since she was already up, she might as well get ready for school. This almost never included showering, of course, but was more like a Dress-Eat-Go type of system. Balto just threw on her white t-shirt, black leather jacket, and jeans, not caring what their mom thought about it. Meanwhile, Ren was putting on a black tie in front of a mirror. Then, their mother called him. \"Yeah, mom?\" \"You and Balto about ready to go?\" Their mother asked. Then she noticed his tie. \"You gonna wear that tie?\" \"Yeah,\" Ren answered. \"I think you might want to dress down for now.\" \"Why? I like the tie.\" \"September, when you and your sister go to college, you can dress like David Bowie.\" Then, Balto walked by, smelling like wet dog, as usual. Balto had the habit of dressing like her favorite singer, Bryan Adams. She had the leather jacket, the red and black checkered shirt, everything. \"Oh, God, Balto! Go take a shower right now, young lady!\" Their mother instructed rather loudly. Balto didn't seem to have heard her, so she turned to Ren for assistance. \"Ren, go tell your sister to take a shower!\" Their mother wasn't fond of Balto's constant stench of wet dog, and was always pressuring her to take a shower. However, Balto wasn't a big fan of cleanliness, so they were even. \"Balto, go take a shower!\" Ren yelled. He didn't at all mind Balto's smell, as long as it didn't get too strong. One time, when she was twelve, Balto made a squirrel pass out while climbing a tree. \"No damn way!\" Balto yelled back. \"Balto Kävik McCormick I want you to take a shower right now!\" Their mom just wouldn't give up whenever it came to how Balto looked and smelled. Her wish was the perfect daughter who always obeyed and was always clean. Instead, she got a rebellious tomboy who broke rules, talked back, used obscene words, and smelled like a dog. There was also the occasional flea problem. \"Just let her stink,\" Ren said. He hated it when his mother yelled at Balto for carrying around odd smells. With that said, he and Balto got their stuff and jumped into the car. They always kept tapes in the glove compartment, which they never hesitated to put in. Balto took out the tape for the song \"Bang Your Head (Metal Health)\" by Quiet Riot, and inserted it. They listened to it the whole way to school, occasionally singing along. When they got to school, they realized what a hunk of junk their car was. A few people were laughing, and others just stared. Balto noticed some girls were smiling at Ren and just rolled her eyes. It was typical for girls to notice her brother like that. Meanwhile, she was just a scrapper who happened to be his younger sister. Balto didn't mind, though. She liked her rough and tough way of life. Then again, she was a rule breaker, a rebel, and a truant with an occasional flea problem. Oh well. She just pushed those facts aside and walked into the school with Ren by her side, avoiding eye contact with people. Balto hadn't taken the time to read her schedule, so she kept it in her cap. No use making a fool of herself on the first day by running around like a headless chicken trying to find her classes. When she stepped through the doors into the hallway, she took note of where the principal's office was, where the air vents were, and where the exit doors were. All of which were necessary to skip class and/or school without getting caught. It was a bad habit of hers. Ren just walked on to his first class, closely followed by Balto, and received and bunch of stares and comments about the way they looked. One kid told Ren to comb his hair and a group of girls looked Balto up and down with all the contempt they could muster and walked on. The whole thing made Balto feel small, which was very rare for her. While they were distracted, they bumped into a kid wearing a cowboy hat and a red and black checkered shirt, kind of like the one that Balto had. \"Shit, mister, where are you goin'?\" He asked, obviously pissed off. \"You're supposed to look.\" \"Sorry,\" Ren apologized, holding his hands up in defense. \"Where'd you learn how to drive? Stay on the right side.\" The boy said again. Now Ren was gettin' pissed off. \"I like that hat. They sell men's clothes where you got that?\" Ren countered. \"Willard, come on.\" Somebody said. \"What's your name?\" The boy who they assumed was Willard asked. \"Ren.\" He answered. \"My name's Willard Hewitt.\" Willard replied. \"Glad to meet ya.\" \"How ya doin'?\" They shook hands, and it wasn't until then that Willard noticed Balto. \"Say, who's your friend?\" he asked, gesturing towards Balto. \"I'm his sister, Balto.\" Balto answered. She and Willard shook hands and Balto glanced at the clock. They had one minute left to get to class. \"Alright. I'll see you around.\" Willard said, walking away. \"Alright.\" Ren and Balto answered in unison. Meanwhile, Ariel Moore was walking down the hall with Rusty. \"I swear one of these days—\" she began before being interrupted by Rusty talking to Ren. \"That tie is fabulous!\" Rusty complimented. \"I mean it. It's fabulous. Don't let anyone tell you any different.\" \"Ariel!\" Ren yelled after her. Ariel turned around at the mention of her name. \"Right?\" \"Very good.\" Ariel responded. \"Girl, you are on!\" Rusty told her. Meanwhile, in the afternoon, Balto was catching some Z's in math. It was a good thing she kept her schedule in her hat, otherwise she'd still be in the hallway trying to find her classes. Lucky for her, she had some classes with Ren, so she'd just follow him. Their lockers were close together as well, so they had time to talk in between classes and they wouldn't have to hunt each other down after school like wolves. Just as the teacher started ranting about polynomials, the lunch bell rang, rudely interrupting Balto's nap. Balto wiped the drool off her chin and went on to lunch. Balto hated being interrupted during a nap, but the teacher was bound to get on her back about sleeping in class anyway. Balto found Ren on the way to the cafeteria, and they later found Willard. While they were in line, Balto and Ren started telling Willard about their hometown, Chicago. \"Chicago, wow, man. Must be wild, like the Naked City.\" Willard commented. \"I'll tell ya, you're gonna bounce off the goddamn walls here. What do you do there?\" \"Oh, I don't know. Same thing you do here. What do you do here?\" Ren answered. \"Lot of this,\" Willard answered, referring to something unbeknownst to Balto. \"Yeah, that too,\" Ren replied, seeming to know what Willard was talking about. Then they all sat down and Ren started telling a story. \"I'll tell you, there was this place called the Blue Heaven.\" Ren began. Balto suddenly perked up, knowing what Ren was talking about. They almost always spent their Friday and Saturday nights at places like the Blue Heaven. \"It was great. Balto had to steal ID's for us to get in, but it was incredible.\" \"How'd she do that?\" Willard asked. Balto wasn't expecting a question like that. She looked to Ren for assistance, and he just nodded. \"I…pick pockets,\" Balto answered sheepishly, shrinking down in her chair. \"Anyway, it was like a huge underground circus, you know. Hot pink neon climbin' up the walls, and astro music.\" Ren continued the story, dropping the subject about Balto's pickpocketing. She wasn't proud of the stealing that was necessary, but they had to get in somehow. \"Oh, and girls, millions of girls, like from the university mostly. If we could get one to dance, just one, then that was it. We'd get out on the floor and we'd really start to smoke. We'd start cuttin' in, and these girls would stop. And they'd look.\" \"They'd look how?\" Willard asked, obviously intrigued. \"You know, they'd start to warm up a little, right?\" Ren answered. \"Pretty soon, they'd start buying us beers.\" \"They're buying you guys beers?\" \"Oh, yeah.\" \"Ah, shit.\" \"Wait. There was this one. This was the best. Ginger.\" Balto rolled her eyes. Ren always exaggerated the Ginger story. \"Listen. We started dancing, right? Slow dancing, like we're stuck to each other. Eventually it's obvious to me that she wants to do more than dance, right? So we left the place.\" Ren continued. This is the point where he starts exaggerating. \"On the way to the car, she's already got her tongue in my ear. We get to the car. She says we can't go to her place 'cause of her roommate, right? But she says, 'Hey, that's no problem!' She's got seats in the car that recline back. All the way back. If you know what I'm saying.\" \"All the way?\" Willard was awestruck by now, even if part of it was a lie. \"So she rips my shirt open. She's clawing my chest. She's biting my neck, and I'm trying to get over the stick shift 'cause we're goin' like a freakin' freight train now.\" At this point, Ren began laughing. \"All of a sudden, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs, 'Oh, God! Oh, God! Don't stop! Don't stop! Make Ginger pop!'\" Balto was constantly trying to stifle a laugh as the story got more and more exaggerated. \"Oh, shit, really?\" \"No!\" Ren said, still laughing. \"But we did dance. We danced our asses off.\" After that, Ariel's friend, Rusty, came over to them and tried to lure them over to their table. \"Willard, how could you let our new students eat this food? Don't eat this. We have delicious homemade food, right over there.\" She said, gesturing towards the table she came from. The two boys looked surprised, but Balto just rolled her eyes again. Another typical thing with Ren. \"Come on over. It's so good. Come on, Willard.\" They were starting to talk to him like he was a dog. \"Oh, chicken!\" The girl beside Rusty was dangling what appeared to be a chicken leg not far out of Balto's reach. Balto had a thing for meat, and loved it more than the air she breathed. \"I'll take that!\" Balto said, snatching the chicken leg out of her hand and attacking it like a dog. Then, Willard caved, and went over to their table, followed by Ren and Balto. \"Come on, come on. Good boy. Bring your friends.\" They all just decided to conform and sat down. Balto was still nibbling away at the chicken leg in a dog-like fashion, and seemed oblivious to her surroundings. \"You won't get any of that here.\" Willard told Ren. \"What?\" Ren asked. \"Dancing. There's no dancing,\" he answered. \"That's right,\" a kid named Woody confirmed. Ren and Balto had puzzled looks on their faces wondering what the hell they were talking about. \"Why?\" Ren asked again. \"It's illegal.\" \"Jump back!\" Balto and Ren exclaimed simultaneously. \"It's true. Has been for five or six years.\" \"Why?\" Balto asked incredulously. \"Go ahead, tell 'em.\" Rusty said. \"It started when these kids got killed in a car wreck. Whole town went bananas, blaming it on the music, liquor and dancing. Now they're just convinced it's all a sin.\" Willard explained. \"Who's convinced?\" \"Whole damn town.\" Woody answered. After school, Balto and Ren met up with Willard on the way out and went on their way. \"You really can't dance here, man? I can't believe that.\" Ren commented. Their car was low on gas, so they stopped at a gas station. \"It's true. This isn't the only place either. You'd be surprised. Places upstate you can't dance. Places in Kansas and Arkansas. All over the place.\" Willard said. \"My cousin lives in Montana, and ya can't dance where she lives either.\" \"Yeah? She ever get busted for bopping?\" Balto asked, jokingly. \"I don't know. I never asked her.\" Willard answered. A short while later, they got back into the car and Ren put in the same tape he and Balto listened to that morning. \"Bang Your Head (Metal Health)\" by Quiet Riot. \"You guys rich?\" Willard suddenly inquired. \"No. Why?\" Balto replied from the back seat. \"'Cause I don't think I ever bought a tape before.\" \"Get serious! This place is too weird.\" Ren said. They got on the road again, and Balto decided to break the silence that had lasted several minutes. \"Don't you ever listen to the radio?\" She asked Willard. \"No. We got one radio at home, but it's never on.\" \"You like Men at Work?\" Balto asked. \"Which men?\" Willard countered. \"Men at Work.\" Ren repeated. \"Where do they work?\" Willard obviously had no idea what they were going on about. \"No, they're a music group,\" Balto explained. \"Well, what do they call themselves?\" \"Oh no!\" Ren exclaimed. \"You ever heard Bryan Adams? Does 'Cuts Like a Knife' ring a bell?\" Balto asked. Bryan Adams was one of her personal favorites. \"Uh uh.\" \"What about the Police?\" Ren asked. \"What about 'em?\" Willard questioned. \"Have you ever heard them?\" Balto inquired. \"No, but I seen 'em.\" This surprised both of them. \"In concert?\" \"No, behind you.\" \"What?\" Balto looked behind them. She was surprised they didn't notice them earlier. \"Oh, shit!\" Ren just sighed and pulled over. It wasn't everyday they had cops on their tails. Then, he took off his sunglasses and leaned out the window to talk to the cops. \"Step out of the car.\" The cop instructed. \"Could you tell me what the problem is?\" Ren asked. \"Just step out of the car, please.\" Ren and Balto stepped out of the car, and a second cop showed up. The reason Balto stepped out with him, was because she had a little more experience with handling the cops. \"Jim, these plates are Illinois.\" The second cop said. \"So?\" Ren asked. \"You got a license?\" Ren nodded and took out his driver's license. They were already occupied with the first officer, and didn't notice the other one take out their tape. \"Catch!\" He said, throwing their tape to the officer who asked Ren if he had license. \"Hey, we just bought that!\" Balto protested. \"Playin' it kind of loud weren't you?\" The cop asked. \"Yeah, is there a law against loud music?\" Ren said sarcastically. The cop swiped the tape under Ren's chin at his remark. \"Watch that attitude, boy! That way, I don't have to take you in.\" The cop said angrily. After that was over, they got back in the car, dropped Willard off, and headed home. \"Nice going, big brother, you just pissed off a cop!\" Balto joked. \"Shut up, Balto.\" Ren replied. They got home just in time for dinner, and all went well, until their uncle asked them why they came home so late. It was first instinct for Balto to try to lie, but Ren answered first. After he explained the whole incident, Balto started talking. \"Twenty-five bucks. They wouldn't even let us off with a warning.\" \"You can't talk to our police the way you talk to the big city police,\" their uncle explained. \"But we weren't doing anything!\" Balto protested. \"Yeah, sure.\" Sarah said sarcastically. Balto swore that that kid was trying to piss them off. \"Sarah, hush!\" Their uncle told her. Then their aunt came into the picture. \"There was this bunch of kids that snuck over the state line a few years back to see some rock and roll group, and they were stopped on their way back into town by the police.\" She explained. \"They were on church and school probation for weeks!\" Their uncle explained further. \"So you two better watch your step around here, and especially you, Balto!\" \"Why especially me?\" Balto inquired. \"Because, Balto, you have a history of getting in trouble.\" \"That's right!\" Sarah chimed in again. \"Hey Sarah, guess what?\" Balto asked, grinning. \"What?\" Sarah replied. \"Shut up,\" Balto answered, frowning now. That was one of her favorite jokes. And it was effective. Meanwhile, Ariel Moore was at home doing her homework. Shaw was working on something and listening to some classical music. He hadn't spoken to her much since the incident at the drive-in. Ariel decided to go and apologize about it. \"Daddy?\" She said, grabbing his attention. \"I'm sorry about the other night at the drive-in, about the music.\" \"I was surprised.\" Shaw replied. \"What's the music?\" She asked. \"Oh, it's—I think it's Haydn. Chamber pieces.\" \"And that kind of music's okay?\" \"It's uplifting,\" he answered, \"and it doesn't confuse people's minds and bodies.\" \"I don't—\" Ariel began saying. \"What?\" Shaw interrupted. \"I see,\" Ariel said, walking away. \"Tell your mother to go on to bed, I still have a lot of work,\" he instructed. \"I will. Good night.\" \"Good night, hon.\"[Chapter 3] Balto McCormick Chapter 3: Jobs, and Other Stuff A/N: I know practically nothing about cars, but, since I'm considering taking an automotive technology course in high school, I'm doing my research. The next day, after school, they saw Ariel and some of Chuck Cranston's friends get into his truck. Ren and Balto, joined by Willard again, got into their car and started to drive off when Chuck drove up to them. \"Hey! You the new kids?\" Chuck asked. Ren and Balto just ignored him, which, of course, pissed him off. \"Hey I'm talking to you two!\" Now he had their attention. \"Where'd your tie go?\" Chuck inquired. Ren didn't answer. \"I thought only pansies wore neckties.\" Balto always got angry when somebody insulted Ren, and this was no exception. \"You better shut up about my brother, or I will kick your ass so hard, your nose will bleed!\" Balto loved using the \"foot in ass\" threat. It was simple, effective, and hilarious. \"Balto, I'll handle this.\" Ren told her. \"Oh yeah? I thought only assholes used the word pansy.\" He said to Chuck. He figured it would be best to just drive away, and he did. \"Oh! He got you on that one!\" Ariel joked. \"Shut up!\" Chuck yelled. \"Son of a bitch is gonna pay for that! And his sister, too.\" With that, Chuck drove off. \"Either you got jumbo coconut balls, or you're really pretty stupid,\" Willard said. \"Who is that douchebag?\" Ren asked. \"He's a weasel, but you better watch your back,\" Willard replied. They dropped off Willard at his house a few minutes later, and decided that they needed a way to make money. They had to find jobs. It was kind of funny that there'd be jobs for teenagers in as small a town as this. Balto actually had a regular job back in Chicago working for Mike Wood as an auto mechanic, but Ren was just jumping puddles when it came to jobs and working. Lucky for Balto, there was a shop around town, so Ren dropped her off there, while he went to the Beamis Mill to see if he could find a job there. Balto went into the shop and asked a guy named Burt who to talk to for a job. Burt said, \"Talk to Mr. Wolff,\" and pointed to a guy wearing a jean jacket with the name Wolff on it. \"Hey. You Mr. Wolff?\" Balto asked. The man turned around and smiled. \"Oh, no, Mr. Wolff is my father. I'm Charlie. I own this joint. You need a repair?\" They shook hands and Balto could tell he was a nice guy and appeared to be around twenty-four or so. \"Balto McCormick. Actually, I was lookin' for a job,\" Balto said. \"You got any experience, Balto?\" Charlie inquired. \"Yeah, I worked for a guy named Mike Wood back in Chicago for two years.\" Balto answered. \"Chicago? Wow. Ever worked on a DeLorean?\" \"Twice. Had to repair a transmission and a brake. Both done successfully.\" \"Impressive resume you got there, kid. But I'll have to test ya.\" Charlie told her. Just then another car drove in, which gave him an idea. \"What do you say you help Garth over there? I'll see how you do and if you're good, I'll hire ya. Sound fair?\" Charlie explained. \"Yeah, alright.\" Balto walked over to the car that just drove in and introduced herself to Garth after he was done talking to the customer. \"Hey. I'm Balto McCormick.\" Balto said, extending her hand. \"Garth Williams,\" He replied, shaking her outstretched hand. \"Whatcha doin' over here?\" \"Charlie told me to help ya. Hoping to get a job here,\" Balto answered. \"Well, good luck. This guy's got a broken transmission and the engine's spitting.\" Garth explained. \"Think you can handle it?\" \"I think I can manage. I had to repair the transmission on a DeLorean once back in Chicago.\" Balto replied. \"Wow, a DeLorean? You'll fit right in.\" \"I got that figured out when I walked in here. It's the rest of this town I'm worried about.\" Balto explained. \"Well, I don't know what to tell ya on that one. Say, would you get my toolbox over there while I check out the engine?\" Garth asked, pointing to a red toolbox on a shelf. \"Sure.\" After Balto brought Garth the toolbox, they both got to work. Balto let her mind wander, and was wondering how Ren was doing as far as getting a job. He said something about a mill, and Balto only hoped he didn't look like an idiot trying to figure out what the hell everyone was talking about. Meanwhile, at the Beamis Mill, Ren was talking to Andy. He was asking Ren a bunch of questions about what he knew how to do as they were walking through the mill. \"Can you operate a palette jack?\" \"Uh-uh.\" \"How 'bout a bag closer?\" \"Uh-uh.\" \"Where are you from?\" \"Chicago.\" \"You're not stupid are you?\" This got Ren angry. Nobody calls him stupid except Balto. \"You trying to piss me off?\" Ren asked, walking up to him. \"Boy, a lot of folks are gonna give you and your sister problems right off, because, you see, you're outsiders. You're dangerous. They're always gonna worry about ya.\" The man explained. \"Screw 'em. This is only one little corner of the world.\" \"Start Thursday?\" Ren offered when he started to walk away. \"Sounds okay,\" he said. When he walked away, Ren mouthed, \"YES!\" and went back to pick up Balto. After Balto and Garth finished repairing the engine and replacing the transmission, she went back to Charlie, who had been watching the whole time. \"Congratulations, Balto. I'm gonna let you work for me. Quite impressive what you did there, and I need good, diligent workers 'round here.\" Charlie told her, grinning in satisfaction the whole time. \"So how 'bout I start Thursday?\" Balto asked. \"Sounds alright to me.\" They shook hands again, and Balto went out to wait for Ren. When Ren pulled up, Balto hopped in the front seat and asked him how the job hunt went. \"So how'd ya do, big brother?\" \"Starting at the Beamis Mill on Thursday, how 'bout you?\" Ren answered. \"Starting as a mechanic for Charlie Wolff also on Thursday.\" Balto replied. \"That explains the grease all over your face, arms, and shirt.\" Ren commented. Balto looked at her watch and realized it was almost six o'clock, and they had a lot of homework to do. Well, Ren would do his homework, and she'd just listen to music, climb trees, and watch TV. When they got home, they were surprised to find that their family had started dinner without them. \"Where've you two kids been? Dinner started ten minutes ago.\" Their mother said. \"Job hunting,\" Balto replied, wiping some grease off her hat. \"Really? How'd that go?\" \"Well, I start working at the Beamis Mill on Thursday,\" Ren began. \"And I start working as an auto mechanic for Charlie Wolff on Thursday, too.\" Balto added. \"If you don't start until Thursday, Balto, then why do you have grease all over you?\" Their uncle Wes asked. \"Charlie wanted a demonstration.\" Balto answered. \"Oh yes, I remember Charles Wolff. Brilliant young man; knows everything there is to know about cars.\" Their aunt Lulu commented. \"Balto, go take a shower and get all that grease off of you, then come to dinner.\" Their mom told her. \"Yes mom.\" Balto trudged into the bathroom to shower, cursing under her breath. \"Hey, you finally got her to shower after two weeks. Congratulations, mom!\" Ren announced sarcastically, clapping his hands. Fifteen minutes later, Balto came back down, now grease-free, and ate dinner silently. Their aunt and uncle were wondering what was wrong with her, since it was abnormal for Balto to be this quiet. \"Ethel, what's wrong with Balto?\" Lulu wanted to know. \"I don't know. Ren, do you know?\" Their mother inquired. Whenever something was wrong with Balto, and nobody knew what it was, they always turned to Ren, and vice-versa. Ren and Balto knew each other better than anyone. \"She's mad 'cause you made her shower,\" Ren answered. \"You'd think after seventeen years, you'd notice that she always gets mad at you after showering.\" \"That's true, mom,\" Balto said. \"But doesn't being clean feel good Balto? Don't you feel better?\" Their mother asked her. \"I feel good after bathing in dirt,\" Balto muttered under her breath. \"What was that?\" Wes inquired. \"Nothing, uncle Wes.\" Thursday came faster than expected, since they actually had something worthwhile to do. Balto had decided to skip school on Tuesday, so she had even more homework to do, but she went to work anyway. When Ren dropped her off, Charlie and Garth immediately welcomed her. \"Hey, McCormick! We could use your help over here!\" Garth called. Balto ran over to the car they were working on and asked what the problem was. \"What's up?\" \"We can't figure out what's wrong with the distributor on this thing,\" another guy explained. \"By the way, the name's Adams. Jack Adams.\" \"Balto McCormick. Now, did you guys try everything?\" Balto asked. \"Yes!\" \"Everything?\" Balto asked again, skeptically. Having experience with DeLoreans, AMCs, GMCs, and Chryslers, she could pretty much figure out anything wrong with any car part. She had her former employer, Mike, to thank for that. \"Start the car,\" she instructed. \"We already did. The box powers up, but it won't fire the coil and the white wire is the trigger source,\" Charlie said. \"Uh huh. Take off the cap and turn the motor over. I'm gonna check on the points.\" Balto instructed. They did as they were told, and were wondering what this had to do with it. They weren't stupid, they knew how these things worked, but in a town like Bomont, not much technological education was available. \"Well the points are sparking normally. Maybe there's a problem with the coil or the coil wire going to the cap. Now, this is a stock type coil, right?\" Balto inquired. \"Yeah.\" \"Good, because the procedure I have in mind can only be done on those kinds of coils.\" Then Balto got to work on the distributor, assisted by Garth and Burt, and got done in a little under thirty minutes. Their hands were filthy, and so were their shirts, but it was the price they had to pay to be in this line of work. Meanwhile, Ren was working at the mill, stacking heavy bags of flour. He was soaked with sweat, and the heat was unbearable, but it was easy money. He dropped another bag on the stack, when he saw Ariel Moore walk up to him. \"Oh hi, Ariel.\" Ren greeted. \"Chuck Cranston wants to see you. Meet him at the back of his daddy's field tomorrow at 5:30.\" Ariel said, cutting to the chase. \"What happens tomorrow at 5:30?\" Ren asked. \"You'll have to show up to find out,\" Ariel replied simply. \"And if I don't?\" \"People will know you're scared.\" Ariel paused for a moment before speaking again. \"Anyway, Chuck will find you. You want that?\" She turned around and started walking away, when Ren stopped her. \"Hey, yo! Yo!\" Ren called. Ariel turned around, listening to what he had to say. \"How come he sent you?\" \"I volunteered.\" That being said, Ariel walked away. Ren just stood there in a type of trance until one of the guys started yelling at him to get back to work. \"McCormick, where the hell are ya, you're backin' up back here!\" Ren went back to work, and when the clock struck six, Ren went to pick up Balto and then drove home. He told her about his run-in with Ariel, and it seemed to make sense to her. \"So she said that Chuck wants to see me at his dad's field tomorrow at 5:30, and if I don't go, people are gonna know I'm scared or something,\" Ren told her. \"I think I know what's going on,\" Balto replied. \"It's pretty easy, really.\" \"Oh yeah? Then what's up?\" Ren asked. \"I don't think I should tell you.\" \"Why not?\" \"Standard rules,\" Balto explained. \"Standard rules of what?\" Ren always got annoyed when Balto played the \"standard rules\" card. \"The Universe.\" Balto answered. \"Balto, there are no standard rules of the Universe.\" \"Yes there are!\" \"Okay, then, name three.\" \"One: Thou shall not beat the old man at anything. Two: Thy business is also thy younger sister's. And three: Thou shall not doubt thy younger sister's intelligence!\" Balto listed confidently. \"Why do I bother?\" Ren asked himself quietly. When they got home, they were extremely tired from working, and decided to take it easy and watch TV for a while. After a five-minute argument over who got the remote, Balto turned on Animal House , and they caught it at about a quarter of the way through. When Sarah and Amy came home from a friend's house, they heard the TV on and Sarah went to see what Ren and Balto were watching. Of course, they knew that Animal House was rated R and was inappropriate for Sarah, so they kicked her out. \"Sarah, get out.\" Balto said sternly. \"Why?\" Sarah asked, being defiant as usual. \"This movie's inappropriate for you, now get out,\" Ren instructed. \"Aunt Ethel!\" Sarah yelled, knowing full well that Ren and Balto never won an argument against Ethel McCormick. \"Dammit.\" Balto cursed as their mother walked into the room. \"What is it this time, Sarah?\" She asked, glancing at Balto for a brief moment. \"Balto and Ren won't let me watch TV!\" Sarah whined. \"But mom, we're watching Animal House ! It's not appropriate for her, and you know that!\" Ren argued. \"Change the channel, then.\" Ethel suggested. \"Hell no! We wanna watch the movie!\" Balto retorted. \"Why do they always get to watch that stuff?\" Sarah asked in a whiny tone. \"Because we're older,\" Balto said, being a smart-ass as usual. \"Balto! Change the channel.\" \"But mom—\" \"Now, young lady!\" Balto reluctantly handed the remote over to Sarah, who stuck her tongue out at them before changing it to one of her little kids' shows. Balto and Ren immediately left the room, looking for something else to do. Balto, not being able to come up with anything, decided to take a nap on the couch. After a while, Ren followed suit and fell asleep in a chair, forgetting all about his homework. Taking a nap was better than nothing. \"Ren! Balto! Dinner!\" Their mother called. No response. \"Ren? Balto?\" Where the hell are they? She soon found them asleep, and woke them up by snapping her fingers in their ears. That sound annoyed them both more than anything, especially while they were sleeping. Both awakened instantly, and trudged over to the dinner table. \"So, how was work you two?\" Their mother asked, trying to fill the silence. \"Good.\" Ren and Balto replied in unison. \"Good, so you two won't be asking me for money for the rest of your lives?\" Everyone laughed at this remark. \"No guarantees,\" Balto muttered under her breath. Ren and Balto laughed to themselves, like they always did when Balto made a smart-ass remark. Dinner wasn't over for another half hour, and afterwards, Ren finally started his math homework, and Balto got goin' on her social studies homework. \"Shit. Homework, homework, homework. I'm tellin' ya, bro, the teachers are giving us a lot of homework on purpose.\" Balto said, her head down on the table with her homework in front of her. \"If they were, Balto, we'd have ten pages instead of five,\" Ren replied. \"Hey, what's the square root of 76?\" \"Seventy-six doesn't have a square root, dumbass.\" \"Try telling that to our math teacher.\" \"Oh whatever! Now where the hell is Portugal?\" Balto asked, studying the map in her textbook. Ren reached over and pointed to Portugal, still paying attention to his homework. About three quarters of the way through his math homework, he fell asleep. Balto, only half-awake, looked up from her homework, and sighed as she got up to wake up Ren so she wouldn't have to literally drag him into his bed. He didn't wake up, so Balto picked him up and dropped him gently onto the floor. Then, she put her hands under his armpits and dragged him onto a chair in the living room. Damn, this boy's a heavy sleeper! She pulled out the sofa bed, and dragged him over to the edge of the bed. Then, she put him on her back and dropped him onto the bed. \"I don't know why it always has to be me! It's not like the boy can't take care of himself!\" Balto grumbled as she took off her jacket and shoes and fell asleep on the floor. Then, Ren started snoring. \"You have got to be kidding me!\"[Chapter 4] Balto McCormick Chapter 4: Trouble The next day after school, Balto got the day off work, and went to Burlington Cranston's field, for an unknown reason, and Ren was in the gym practicing gymnastics and talking to Willard. Balto knew a lot of things about Ren, but that was something she would never understand. She thinks he uses it as an excuse to get away from her. He was telling Willard what Ariel said the previous day. \"So she tells me…that I pissed Chuck off right?\" Ren began. \"So he wants to see me…then she walks away.\" \"He figured you were gonna chicken and never—impressive!\" Willard said, when Ren did a trick. Ren stood up and tried to catch his breath. \"Kinda out of it. I had to go to work last year.\" \"You still move it?\" Willard asked, referring to Ren's dancing. Ren did a quick move, and Willard said that he better watch it, or Ariel will tell the Reverend and he's gonna burn. \"Yeah, what's her story? Is she really tough or what?\" Ren asked when he got back up on the bar. \"Nah, she's just trying to make people forget she's the preacher's kid\" \"That why she hangs out with Chuck?\" \"Maybe. People think she's a hell-raiser.\" \"Is she?\" Ren knew what a hell-raiser was, having lived seventeen years of his life with one, but Ariel gave no implications of being quite as much of a hell-raiser as his own sister. \"I think she's been kissed a lot.\" Ren scoffed at that comment. Five-thirty came quickly, and Ren and Willard went out to Chuck's field and met up with Woody, Rusty, and everyone else. Ren had no idea how to operate a tractor, and Balto hadn't the slightest idea, either. Ren knew he would have to keep his sister on a leash…literally…because Balto would probably sabotage Chuck's tractor to make sure Ren would win. And Ren, being the evil big brother he is, had a large dog collar in one of his pockets, which he didn't hesitate to put on Balto and tie to a tree. It was kind of cruel, he knew, but he didn't want her to risk death via Chuck by sabotaging his tractor. But he was a little too late for that matter… Flashback to Earlier that Day… \" Ain't ya going to work today, Balto? Or did Charlie give ya the day off?\" Ren asked when Balto wasn't in her work shirt that day. \"Got the day off. Goin' cow-tipping tonight with the guys.\" Balto replied. She had only gotten to go cow-tipping two or three times back in Chicago, and there were farms and pastures everywhere in Bomont. \"The guys?\" Ren was unaware of who \"the guys\" were. \"Jack, Garth, maybe Burt,\" Balto replied. \"You know them.\" Balto did get the day off, that was true, but she wasn't going cow-tipping. She was going to Burlington Cranston's field, where she knew Chuck and his buddies would be waiting for Ren. She knew that Chuck was planning a chicken race, because she had her own experiences with the activity and knew when somebody was arranging one. She could see Chuck, Ariel, Rich, and a few others she didn't recognize hanging out down by one of the tractors on one side of a narrow dirt road. Balto knew absolutely nothing about tractors, having grown up in an urban environment, but she knew how to loosen a tire and that was good enough. She managed to sneak across the large field unseen, and crept up behind the tractor that Chuck and everyone else was sitting by. Balto removed a wrench from her jacket pocket and started to loosen the lugnuts on one of the tires, and poured some oil on it to ensure that the tire would eventually come loose. She also knew that the results of her sabotage could very well kill him, but that was a chance she was willing to take. It's not like nobody ever died in a chicken race before. Chuck and everybody got distracted by Woody walking up to the field, and went up to go intimidate him saying that there was no way in hell that Ren would win this. Balto, of course, got steamed and decided to do further damage to the tractor. She popped up the hood and took a look at all the parts. It was like Chinese writing to her, so she would just have to guess which parts to sabotage. She then finished screwing up the gears and stuff inside the tractor and shut the hood. Chuck looked like he was almost done talking to Woody, so she ran out of there quickly. Back to the Present… Balto snickered at the memory of what she did to that tractor, and pulled a pocketknife from her pocket. She cut the rope and unfastened the collar from her neck, then ran up with the others. Ren and Chuck were driving their tractors toward one another, and everybody else was running and cheering. Chuck had also brought a tape player and had one of his cassettes playing, when Balto noticed that the tire started to move, and some smoke was coming out from under the hood. Show time. The tire was really loose, and the tractor started to turn involuntarily and Chuck couldn't control it very well. Ren was still on his tractor, driving towards the malfunctioning tractor, and was having second thoughts. He would've jumped off, had his shoelace not gotten caught on something. He looked back and saw Balto…missing the collar. He looked toward the tree and saw the collar and the rope on the ground. That sly dog… Chuck knew he had no choice but to jump, so he did…into the creek. The tractor kept going out of control, and then finally toppled over on its side. Ren won the chicken race, but that was the last thing on his mind. What was first and foremost in that brain of his, was kicking Balto's ass for messing with the tractor, because now, Chuck was going to kill them both . However, he still celebrated. \"Son of a bitch tried to kill me!\" Chuck repeated as his cronies helped get him out of the creek. Everyone on Ren's side of the field was walking away, but Chuck stayed and called Charlie Wolff to come over and see what was wrong with the tractor. \"Well, it looks like your tire's loose, and the interior's all messed up. Looks like somebody tried to beat it with a hammer or something,\" said Charlie as he inspected everything. \"It'd take a real mastermind to pull off somethin' like this on one of your guys' tractors; and it looks like whoever did it knew what they were doin'.\" \"Well can ya fix it?\" Chuck was getting impatient. \"Shouldn't be that hard to fix, but it's gonna take a while to get this thing upright. Go get your pop to come and help, while I get the tire on right.\" Chuck ran off, and Charlie was fixing the tire when he saw a discarded wrench on the ground. Balto's wrench. \"That kid is gonna get her face kicked in if Burlington finds this.\" Charlie said to himself. Meanwhile, back in the small, small world of Ren and Balto… Balto was running all around the house, with Ren pursuing her. \"I'm gonna kill you!\" He yelled. \"No you won't! You're just saying that because you're angry and full of rage!\" Balto yelled back, dodging the furniture, and trying not to get caught, literally. They eventually wound up in the backyard, and Balto didn't hesitate to scramble up the tree, leaving Ren down below. \"Balto! Come down here so I can kill you!\" Ren called. Balto didn't answer. \"You can either come down and let me kill you, or stay up there and let me kill you!\" \"Is there a third option?\" Balto asked. Ren began to climb the tree, and grabbed Balto by the collar. \"Yes! The third option is: get killed or thrown in jail by the Cranstons!\" He shook her back and forth, causing them to lose their balance. Both fell on the ground and started wrestling. They were interrupted some minutes later by their aunt's voice coming from inside. \"Balto! Ren! Come inside, I want to talk to you!\" She yelled. \"Are we in trouble?\" They yelled back, simultaneously. \"Just get in here!\" This either meant she was annoyed with that answer, or they were in big trouble. They went inside and found her in the living room by the phone. They could tell by her facial expression that it was Balto that was in trouble. Balto gets a deeper scowl when she's in trouble than Ren does. \"Balto,\" Lulu began. \"Burlington Cranston just called.\" ","Summary":" Balto McCormick Chapter 1: First Day in Beaumont A/N: I was watching Footloose today, and I have th"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Almost Paradise","Author":"CynicalScorpio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7799123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is based off the 2011 Footloose-maybe one day I'll have the heart to do the original. As always someone must die and I don't think I could have picked a bigger character if I tried. Fan girls of Ren, get your tissues out. Enjoy R&R; please and thanks! 1: Innocence Shattered Numb. There was no feeling at all, not the pulse in her veins, not the ground beneath her, not the feel of her mother and best friend's hands holding her tightly as if she would bolt if they loosened their grip just an inch. Of course there was an explanation for all of this, why it seemed like time had stopped: she wasn't really here. This was all just a horrible nightmare. With closed eyes she thought if she tried hard enough she would hear her home as it normally sounded on a Saturday morning: her mother would be somewhere down stairs, maybe in the kitchen, cooking breakfast, or doing the wash; her father would be in his study, no doubt getting ready for the next day's sermon. Slowly, hesitantly, she opened her soft blue eyes. Nope. She was still in the cemetery, surrounded by what seemed to be all of Bomont. She closed her eyes again, biting her lip hard. She would not cry, not here, not now. She wasn't the same Ariel Moore that had buried Robert \"Bobby\" Moore nearly four years ago. Was this what her life would always be like? Would she always bury those who she loved beyond reason, long before their times? Was she destined to be alone in life forever? She felt her mom and Rusty still holding her close, as if she was fragile glass that would break at a moment's notice. The only problem? You couldn't break what was already broken. From what seemed a far off distance she could faintly hear her father's voice, just his voice as he presided over yet another funeral. This one again for a boy that had loved her and vice versa though it was very different. Her world had stopped spinning when she lost Bobby, it was restarted when Ren McCormack came into her life. And now in what seemed to be a mocking twist of fate he had been pulled from her in the same heartbreaking way. It had all seemed like a terrible sense of deja vu: the wail of sirens that pierced the warm May night, all gunning for that bridge-that damn bridge!-the little bug flipped upside down, flames licking and dancing dangerously on the underbelly of the car. His life had been hanging in the balance when he was dragged out and hauled to the hospital. After a fierce battle on the operating table, Ren McCormack, barley eighteen, lost the battle of life and death. And it had been too much for Ariel. Sure she ate, spoke though not often, slept, though fitfully, she was slowly losing herself. Today would be the final breaking point. She dared open her eyes and when she saw the coffin, the headstone, it was all too much. With an almost silent choke in her throat, she closed her eyes and let herself fall and fall...Before she blacked out, she swore she saw a head of tousled brown hair and warm brown eyes she had once gotten lost in what felt years ago.[Chapter 2] Well its been three days since the funeral and Ariel seems to be slipping further and further from the world. Rusty has been through this with her before and knows only one person can help. Sorry for delay I will write more faster. 2: An Unlikely Hero \"WHO?\" \"RILEY! TOMMY RILEY!\" \"HOLD ON! HEY RILEY! PHONE\" Rusty had the phone a few inches from her ear. She wasn't sure what was going on at the college but whatever it was it was loud. Very loud. Finally the phone was picked up and a voice she hadn't heard in 3 years picked up. \"This is Tommy.\" He spoke surely, confidently even. And his voice...She wasn't sure why but it sounded different. She couldn't hear much racket now in the background either. \"Hello?\" \"Tommy, it's Rusty. Ariel's Rusty?\" She waited a minute letting the words sink in. \"Wow...It's been a while...\" Understatement of the century, she thought. \"Um...what's going on? Something wrong.\" Rusty sighed and took a breath. \"You have no idea.\" \"So...tell me.\" \"She's a mess Tommy. I haven't seen her this bad since...Well Bobby died...\" She stopped for a minute and neither spoke for a beat. \"She needs you, Tommy. You're the only one who can help her. You and I both know it.\" \"I'm on my way. I should be there by tomorrow afternoon, early evening at latest.\" He hung up without a pause and grabbed the last duffle bag. He lugged it downstairs and outside to the car. He tossed it in the backseat and went back to the front, digging out his keys. He got in and slammed the door. Shaking fingers, he fumbled with the keys before he managed to get them in the ignition. He took a deep breath and turned it, waiting a minute before he pulled out of the parking lot and started for Bomont. Bomont. Dear god, he was really going back there. He sighed softly as he guided the car on the dark streets of North Carolina. Bomont had been home to Tommy Riley for eighteen years. His best friend? Robert \"Bobby\" Moore. Inseperable since pre school, the two did practically everything together. And where Bobby went, Ariel was likely to follow. To anyone else, she would have been an annoyance. But not to Tommy. The years went on and then, amazingly senior year was upon them. It should have been the best year of Tommy and Bobby's lives. Unfortunately, fate had other plans in mind for Bobby and four other souls that Indian Summer night in late September that seemed so long ago. Tommy hadn't asked what was wrong before he took off and now he pondered it. It was too late to call anyone without waking anyone up so he would just have to wait until he was back in Bomont. He watched the road, then his eyes drifted down to the dashboard. Tucked in it was a picture-Bobby was on the left, Ariel in the middle, and he on the right side. It was taken Labor Day Weekend, maybe three weeks before the accident. God they looked so young and carefree in the picture. Like no one and nothing could shatter their world. True to his word, Tommy made it to Georgia by early morning and coming into Bomont by mid afternoon. He grabbed his phone and laid it out on his lap, leaving it on speaker he dialed and waited a few seconds before the line was answered. \"Hey. I'm in town. Where are you?\" \"At Ariel's.\" \"Her parents there?\" \"No just left for the store.\" \"Be there soon.\" He ended the call and pulled around the back of the house ten minutes later. He dug the key out of its hiding place and walked in. Rusty greeted him seconds later. \"Where?\" \"Her room.\" He made his way up the stairs and to her room. The door was slightly ajar and he gently pressed into it with his shoulder. It opened silently and he walked in slowly. He bit his lip when he saw her. Her hair was a mess, matted and tangled, her clothes were rumpled, she had no make up on...But it was her eyes...They seemed so hollow and empty. Lifeless. He kneeled down next to the bed and didn't say or do anything. Her eyes seemed to try to focus on him. And when they did she whispered one word: \"Bobby.\" Her eyes closed and she sank into the bed. Tommy shrugged and picked her up walking down stairs. \"What in the...Have you lost your mind?\" \"You want me to help her? I can't do it with her parents around.\" \"So...what now?\" \"Your folks home?\" \"No they are in Charleston.\" \"Good. Leave them a note she's staying with you tonight.\" \"Tommy...\" \"Or tell them the truth?\" Muttering she jotted down a quick note and followed him to his car. Like it or not, Ariel needed help. And right then it came in the form of Tommy Riley.[Chapter 3] Here's the next chapter, same day, I only changed one small thing that was in the movie, if you have seen it you'll know what I'm sure. R&R; please it makes my day! 3: Never Live the Past Down After Tommy had checked three times-yes three times-that no one was truly at Rusty's, he parked in the garage. Once Rusty had opened the door he carried the sleeping Ariel inside and laid her on Rusty's bed, and, no doubt to infuriate her, sat next to her on the bed. After proving that he wasn't budging-at least not right then-she sat at the end of the bed, holding her knees to her chest. For a long while, there was just silence between them. Finally just before sunset, he turned his gaze from Ariel to Rusty and even though she wasn't looking at him spoke. \"Why am I here?\" Seemed like a simple enough question, though the answer was anything but. She looked at him but didn't meet his eyes. He was quiet and patient as he waited, though after some time, he spoke again. \"Well, I doubt it has something to do with her parents, and of her grandparents, she only has one living that she has never met.\" Rusty nodded with everything he said before taking a breath. \"There...was a boy...\" He felt his muscles tighten as his drifted back to Ariel then Rusty again. \"A boyfriend?\" She nodded again. \"Right before graduation, he wrecked his car on Crosby Bridge.\" He couldn't fight the grimace as he nodded. \"Ought to tear that damn bridge down\" he muttered, shaking his head. \"So. Who was he?\" Rusty finally looked at him. \"You didn't know him. He was from Boston.\" Tommy cocked an eyebrow. \"What was a city boy like that doing out here?\" \"You know Wes Warnicker?\" He laughed quietly. \"No. No, I don't know the man that was more of a father to me than my own father\" he said with another chuckle. Rusty winced. \"Oh yeah. Well, Ren-that was his name, Ren MacCormack-was his nephew and after he lost his mom, he came down here.\" \"City boy, country girl, I get it.\" Rusty shook her head. \"No Tommy you don't. He didn't just change her...\" \"Wonderful...\" \"We got to have a dance-a real senior prom-and it was due to his efforts.\" Tommy just stared at her, almost like he couldn't believe her or not. \"No offense but that sounds like some ridiculous 80's movie plot.\" She laughed. \"I know. But it's true.\" He snorted but fell silent. \"Are you ok?\" Rusty asked softly. Tommy looked at her curiously before he nodded. \"A bit perplexed but fine.\" \"I just thought it might be weird...or difficult...to be back here.\" He shrugged but nodded. \"I'll be fine. It's her I'm worried about\" he said letting his eyes drift to Ariel, still sleeping soundly. \"You and me and all of Bomont\" Rusty said before sighing softly. The sun started to set then, casting shadows in the room. \"I doubt you like to talk about it but...Ariel told me.\" He looked at her silently. \"Told you what? And don't like to talk about what?\" \"Bobby's funeral...she told me what happened the night of Bobby's funeral.\" He went stock still and silent, his face betraying nothing. \"And what exactly did she tell you?\" he asked, keeping his composure as best he could. Rusty stared at him. \"Oh no. You don't get to play that dumb country boy, no sir, not with me.\" He just turned his head. \"Wow...\" was all Rusty said after that. \"You don't have to tell me it was wrong. I know it was...it just happened.\" Rusty shot him a disgusted look. \"Yeah, babies and STD's also just happen\" she said sarcastically. He glared at her. \"You really think I would risk something like that with her?\" \"Clearly you did!\" They felt the bed move some, not from their movement though. They grew silent but the sleeping Ariel stayed asleep. \"If there is a heaven, I pray Bobby never looked down and saw his best friend-best friend!-and the person he trusted Ariel with...betraying him!\" He sat up. \"I didn't betray anyone! Yes Bobby was-and still is my best friend. But I can't change what happened, I wouldn't even if I could...\" They grew silent again, letting the subject drop after that. It was getting late as Rusty stood up, looking at Tommy. \"You hungry?\" she asked softly, being weary of Ariel still sleeping. \"Not really.\" \"Me either. But I need to sleep. I'm sure you are tired from all that driving.\" He nodded a bit, not able to deny that. \"Alright. There's blankets in the hall closet, couch isn't too bad...\" He looked at her then. \"What?\" He looked back to Ariel. \"Absolutely not!\" Rusty said firmly shaking her head to emphasize the no. \"Well I'm not leaving this room\" Tommy said calmly, a bemused smile on his lips. \"Well, you are not sleeping in my bed with my best friend\" she said emphasizing the word my twice. He couldn't help but smirk at a new thought. \"Wouldn't Rev. Shaw just love seeing that?\" Rusty just stared at him, not able to tell if he was joking or not. If he wasn't he was clearly even crazier than when he had left. \"Oh yeah-he'd be tickled\" she said rolling her eyes, sarcasm dripping from her lips. Tommy just laughed softly. Looking at her, he said \"floor's fine\" with a shrug. She seemed about at her wits end as she went to her closet and dug out a sleeping bag, setting it down on the floor before she left to grab a pillow off the couch, tossing it at him. He caught it and flashed her a smile as he stood up from the bed; she did not return it. \"Bathroom is down the hall, kitchen to the left. Use what you need.\" He nodded and grabbed his bag, carrying it to the bathroom. After a quick shower, he slid on some shorts and a wife-beater and came back into Rusty's room. By then she had changed, the blanket was now moved, Ariel still asleep. \"Tommy?\" He set his bag down and looked up at her. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you.\" Instantly understanding the words, he replied, \"don't thank me just yet\" as he slid into the sleeping bag, the pillow propped up some to support his head. \"You can do it. You have to.\" He nodded and she flipped the light off, blanketing the three of them in darkness.[Chapter 4] Next day, just read is all I can really say. Well that and hang in there. I'll make it worth the wait very soon. Enjoy! 4: One Step at a Time As Ariel opened her eyes, she knew she wasn't in her room. It took her brain a minute to register her surroundings: the ceiling was sky blue, her own snow white, the walls were cream colored, covered in places by posters of actors and singers. Rusty's room. It was as familiar as her own. Sometimes even more so than her own home. In the back of her mind, she knew she had seen someone-not a female, of that she was certain. The hair was very dark, the eyes...she wasn't sure what color his eyes had been. Likewise she couldn't bring up a face. She knew it though. The only other thing she was certain about. Silence filled the room. She turned and saw her best friend still sleeping soundly. Call it intuition, she knew she wasn't alone in the room. \"Hey.\" She went perfectly still, only her eyes looked around. Standing above her, with the sun crowning him like a halo, stood the stranger from before. But he was no stranger. Far from it. \"Tommy?\" she said, amazed her voice worked at all. He smiled and kneeled down. Yes, now she could see him perfectly: dark hair, close to midnight black, crystal clear eyes, what she imagined the ocean looked like on an untouched beach. His face was cleanly shaven, not a hint of stubble, his side burns still short. \"Hey bright eyes.\" She offered a small smile, like her voice amazed it worked at all. She was certain all reason to be happy again had died with Ren. He returned it, still as bright and carefree as she could remember from a million years ago. She sat up and looked at him. He was older-obviously-more than that though. He seemed older than he actually was; not look wise, just the way he carried himself. She knew why-all of Bomont who had been there at least the past twenty years (which was most of the town) knew why. \"What are you doing here?\" Before he could answer, they heard a muffled \"I called him\", startling them both. Ariel turned to face her-her best friend, the one who knew her every wish, dream, and desire. The one whose home she could call her own when she needed to. Of course she would be the one to know who to call. She offered her best friend a warm smile took her hand. Rusty returned it and squeezed her hand. Tommy was quiet, standing again. The two girls turned to face him. \"Hungry?\" Rusty knew he meant it more for Ariel than herself. Still, she said \"starved. You cook?\" He nodded. \"Eggs, grits, bacon and toast.\" Ariel couldn't help but raise an eyebrow, making Tommy laugh. \"What?\" he asked. She shook her head. \"Nothing. Sort of hard picturing you...cooking.\" He just laughed again, giving his head another shake. \"I'll let you two get dressed\" he said as he left the room, which he still found hard to do. Even when he had cooked breakfast, he couldn't help but return to the room as quick as he could. Still, the scene was mostly the same, maybe a slight shift in her sleep. He was partly relieved-he had expected little to no speaking, let alone smiles, albeit small ones, they were there. Still, he knew her well and suspected it could have been a facade, a front. Time would tell. Several minutes later, they came down the hall and to the kitchen. They were both dressed-Rusty in a denim skirt and a simple but frilly top. Ariel had on a similar skirt and fairly low-cut shirt. He had seen worse-much worse. Still, it was strange; seeing her grown up, when he had left, she had been nearly fifteen and dressed, well, with more clothes. He nodded to the stove where the food was waiting. \"Dig in. Made enough for an army.\" He leaned against the counter from the stove and watched silently. Rusty grabbed some plates Tommy already had out. He had been quiet, studying Ariel. Before she could open her mouth to protest, like he knew she was going to, he said \"come on bright eyes\" his eyes on hers as he spoke. \"Bright eyes?\" Rusty said, clearly confused. Their eyes still locked, he smirked, Ariel turned her head, grabbing a plate which she loaded with food. \"Happy?\" she asked, grabbing a piece of toast and started to nibble on it. He nodded and grinned. It was a small triumph but a triumph nonetheless. Rusty looked up. \"Thanks\" she mouthed. He just shrugged and smiled.[Chapter 5] Same day, not much to tell really 5: The Pain in Living The breakfast had long ago been cleared away, the kitchen cleaned. \"It's so strange to see you so domesticated\" teased Ariel as she watched Tommy finish cleaning the last pan. He just laughed and gave his head a shake followed by a shrug. Not long after, the trio played some games and spent most of the day at Rusty's. Well most of it. About late morning, he said \"I have an idea.\" They had finished a game of Monopoly and were cleaning up, the girls looking up at him with interested faces. \"What's that?\" Rusty asked, looking at Tommy. The look in her eyes told him to pick his next words very carefully. \"Why don't we get out of Bomont for the day?\" Again, the girls looked at each other and then him again. \"Where did you have in mind?\" Rusty asked her eyes never wavering from Tommy. He calmly kept his gaze on her as well until she had to break it. \"You'll just have to trust me.\" Rusty snorted and shook her head, picking the game up she took it to her closet. \"No?\" Shrugging he said \"suit yourself\" his eyes lazily drifting to Ariel. \"What do you say?\" She didn't hesitate. \"I have to be back by supper or daddy will have the whole state of Georgia looking for me.\" Tommy was quiet, his head cocked as he thought of her words, chuckling softly which broke the silence in the room. \"I don't doubt it\" he finally said after he finished with his laugh, Ariel standing up. Once more Rusty was looking at Tommy. \"I'll be fine\" Ariel said as she faced her best friend, making her turn her gaze from Tommy to herself. \"It's not you that concerns me\" she said back, her eyes finding their way to Tommy to make her point. He had been brought in to help, not make the situation worse. \"Don't worry-I'll have her home safe and sound by suppertime\" he said. \"Scout's honor.\" This made Ariel laugh, Tommy smiling and playfully winking. Rusty was not amused, her arms crossed against her chest. Tossing Ariel his keys he said \"car is in the garage.\" She nodded, gave Rusty a single nod and headed to the garage. Rusty took a good grip on his arm. \"Do not-and I mean DO NOT-make me regret this.\" They were quiet, again locked in a staring match. Never breaking her gaze he calmly said \"I would be the last person on earth to hurt her.\" Rusty let go of his arm but their gazes still didn't break. \"You damn well hope so.\" After another unnerving glare, he grabbed his bag and headed to the garage where Ariel waited, the car on, the engine started, the air on high. Sliding in, he tossed his bag in the back and said \"your BFF is very scary.\" Ariel gave him a look. \"What?\" he asked as he started out and down the street. \"Nothing.\" Tommy shrugged and turned the corner, leaving the block behind. \"So where are we off to?\" Tommy gave her a glance then turned back to the road. \"Oh, you'll see\" he said giving a grin. She groaned and he laughed wincing as she playfully leaned over and punched his shoulder. \"I hate it when you say things like that.\" Tommy stopped at a red light, patiently drumming his fingers on the steering wheel until the light finally changed. Acting miffed, he said \"does everyone get that treatment when they say that phrase or is it just for me?\" Leaning into the seat, she looked at him then to the window. \"Just you\" she said curtly, but couldn't help to smile at him. Tommy returned it and headed off the main highway. Looking out the window, Ariel tried to figure out where they were going. Before long, the city of Bomont was behind them, replaced by trees, plants, and animals. The ground underneath them changed from smooth to bumpy. When he turned right at a fork, it dawned on her where they were going. Coughlin Creek, though it was more a river than a creek, it ran fifteen, twenty miles south when you left the main highway. Like the bridge, it had suffered it's fair share of tragedy. In the summer of 94, four kids had gone swimming alone, one had hit his head after judging the height of the water, another had been swept away by an undertow. They had to drag the creek for nearly a week before they found the first boy's body, the second washed up about fifty miles away. Trying to fight back a shudder, she glanced at Tommy. \"Why here?\" \"Like I said, just wanted to get away from Bomont for a while.\" A few miles later, Tommy parked and they headed down to the creek. It was a beautiful spot and easy to see the appeal: tall trees to shade people, shrubs and bushes dotted in between the trees and the water was always cool, sometimes downright cold but clear. Silently, Tommy laid out a blanket, slipping her sandals off, she sat first, Tommy put some space between them. They were silent for a while, just watching and listening. As they were sitting there, a memory from the past was starting to creep inside Ariel's head: it had been before the accident, she remembered Bobby had been there, Tommy as well. They had been here. For what? Letting her eyes close, she tried to conjure the image: it had been the picture in Tommy's car, the one of the three of them. Yes, it had been here and as the memory came back, so swift and strong she could have sworn she could smell the Coppertone on their skin. Labor Day weekend, Tommy and Bobby had wanted to avoid the rest of the team and just relax. So they had left early, packing food, drinks, and sunscreen by the dozen. No sooner had the boys seen the water had they grabbed Ariel, kicking and screaming, but laughing, and hauled her into the water, clothes and all. Feeling a tear slip, she brushed it away quickly. Still, more soon followed. Frustrated and angry with herself, she hadn't noticed Tommy had inched his way closer to her, his arm gently around her shoulders. Leaning into him, she let the tears flow freely. She had no idea who she wept for-Bobby and the others that had been killed that night, only a few weeks after they had been at the creek; Ren, wild and free, he too had been taken far before his time. Was it for them, those lost souls, lives that had not really lived? Or was it for herself, her family, those they left behind? She wasn't entirely sure, all she knew right then was pain, immeasurable pain that should have killed even the strongest person. Tommy was quite for a long time, his arm had slipped to hold her closer to his chest. \"It's okay\" he said softly. She sat up then, brushing away what she promised would be the last of her tears. \"It's okay to feel\" he said as he looked at her, his arm still around her. \"It hurts\" she said, her voice catching a bit as she sat up, hugging her knees to her chest. \"Will it always hurt this badly?\" Silence lapsed between them for a while. \"No. But when it hurts, it means you are feeling and if you are feeling things, you are alive. And even though not everyone you care about is, it doesn't mean you should stop living. Live. Live for those you lost.\" Laughing she said \"wow. When did you get all philosophical? That happen at college?\" He could tell she was trying to play off her tears and that was fine for now. He would let it slide. \"No. These things they don't teach you in school.\" Letting her legs lay back down, she leaned back and looked at him. \"You cry because you feel. You feel because you are alive.\" Nodding she said \"I guess so. It does hurt though.\" Tommy nodded back knowing what she meant and then some. \"Yes but it'll get better with time.\" Standing she brushed some grass off her shorts. \"I guess only time will tell\" she said, facing him for a minute before she turned to the water.[Chapter 6] And same day, again not much to tell, just r&r; thanks 6: A House Is Not Always A Home They spent the rest of the day there; they didn't really talk much and when they did Tommy was careful with his words. They started back around four and pulled into her driveway just before five thirty, surprising them both. \"Thank you\" she said softly. \"Not just for being here, but for today.\" Leaning over to brush some loose hair out of her eyes, he shrugged and said \"it was my pleasure.\" Glancing up, he noticed standing in the doorway. \"Oh boy\" he said under his breath, Ariel rolling her eyes. \"He still hate me?\" Laughing she shook her head. \"hate is a bit strong\" which made Tommy laugh a bit. \"He's never actually used the word hate. He doesn't trust you.\" \"Oh great. That is so much better.\" Leaning over to give his shoulder a playful punch she asked \"you sticking around?\" trying to keep her voice as nonchalant as possible. He cocked his head, as though thinking hard. Finally he nodded. \"Guess so.\" She smiled, a real one this time, and for a faint second, he saw the girl before Bobby's death. Getting out, she said \"so, see you tomorrow?\" Nodding, he answered, \"you got it.\" She nodded and flashed him another less than happy smile but there nonetheless and headed to the front door where her father still stood waiting. \"Who was that?\" her father asked a bit tersely. He was dressed in simple tan pants and a white shirt, his arms folded against his chest. \"Oh daddy you know who that was.\" She knew he did too, even though he had been gone for nearly four years, he hadn't changed much. Walking inside, she headed for the kitchen, her father right behind her. \"Yes I know who it is. What is he doing here?\" She leaned against the counter facing him, her arms folded, doing her best to fight off an eye roll. Maybe it was the summer heat, maybe it was that the two had been walking on eggshells for so long it was only a matter of time before they slipped back into their old ways. \"You want to know so bad, ask him yourself.\" Snap. There it was, father and daughter, tensions as high and hot as the summer day that was upon them and the many more to follow. \"Lose the attitude Ariel. I've cut you a lot of slack in light of everything but I don't appreciate that tone.\" Rubbing the back of his neck, sighed and turned away from her for a minute. Letting her arms drop from their defensive stance, she said \"sorry.\" She was too. All she knew was that for the first time since she had lost Ren she was starting to feel again. She was starting to become happy again. She didn't want her father to interfere even if he thought he was doing it for the right reasons. \"It's alright\" he said as he offered a tentative smile. It was then when he looked at her-really looked-she was freshly clothed and bathed, some light make up and her hair was nicely done up. \"You sat over at Rusty's?\" She nodded. \"Just the two of you?\" Ariel nodded. \"Yes daddy. Just us girls.\" A long pause of silence that she finally broke by asking \"you scared for me to be alone with Tommy?\" His left eye twitched a bit, his biggest tell-tale before he lied. \"No. I trust you...It's...\" \"Him you don't trust?\" she finished for him. Kissing his cheek she said \"maybe you should start.\" He muttered something but was interrupted by his wife coming inside. \"There you are\" she said when she saw her daughter. Like her husband, Vi took in her daughter's appearance as well. It must have satisfied her for she said \"well now that you are here, we can discuss your upcoming birthday.\" Ariel laughed then sighed. \"Oh can't we just skip it?\" Not much to her surprise, her parents both started to object to this at the same time which made her laugh and hold up her hands in a surrender stance. \"Okay clearly that's not going to happen.\" \"You only turn eighteen once you know\" her mother pointed out. \"Well that's because birthdays only happen once a year\" she pointed out. \"Eighteen is a big one and you are not missing it.\" Once more she held up both hands. \"Okay okay. Should have known I couldn't get out of it.\" After dropping Ariel off, Tommy stayed on the main road until it ended. Taking the fork to the left, he slowly started to leave the town behind. Bit by bit, suburbia faded and gave way to a part of Bomont that was whispered about but never dared approached. Kids would rather cross a cemetery on a full moon than dare go to this part of town. Pulling up the curb of the house, he looked up at the ramble shackled house. The lawn was overgrown, the weeds up to his knees as he walked to the front door. The house was a one-story, the paint faded so badly it was impossible to tell what color it had originally been. The ceiling was slanted and seemed to barley be hanging in there. Large chunks of shingles from the roof were missing, some strewn about the yard. What was left of a screen door squeaked loudly as he opened it, his hand then turning the doorknob, leaving dust and dried peeling paint when he pulled it away. The door was even louder as he stepped inside carefully, listening. The windows had blinds, though most were torn or broken, casting strange shadows as he looked around. The house seemed to have a dampness to it that seemed to seep into you once you were inside. It stank of mildew, unfiltered cigarettes, and warm booze. He made his way through the house slowly, on guard, as he didn't know what was waiting. The front room was empty, only the large, overstuffed chair and an ancient tv that still had rabbit ears, a static on the screen and muffled sounds coming from it. Across from it was the kitchen, bottles of alcohol and garbage littered it like a blanket. Next to that had been his mother's sewing room, it seemed untouched, only large filters of dust showed that time had passed. Next was his room, also untouched from the day he had left from North Carolina. Being in there gave him the creeps, he passed it quickly, shutting the door behind him, though it did not shut quietly. At the very end of the hall was his parents' room, like the rest of the house, it was shrouded in dust and more trash. That left one room unexplored-the bathroom. The door was slightly ajar and from his position he couldn't see in all the way. Nudging the door, he stuck his head inside. And there he was. His hair was mostly gone, what remained wasn't evenly distributed on his head, hanging in sweaty wisps against his head. His slacks were far too large for him, faded and covered in stains of god knew what, a wife beater had stains as well, what had once been white was now gray, borderline black. His facial hair made him look as if Rip Van Winkle had come to life. His eyes were closed, if not for the light snoring, one would have thought him dead. Stepping closer, Tommy leaned down and gave the older man's shoulder a shake. \"Dad\" he said, his voice low but loud enough. It took a few times, eventually his closed eyes opened and slowly came into focus. \"Dallen\" the older man said his voice hoarse but somehow strong. Tommy sighed. \"No dad. It's me. Your son Tommy.\" He squinted, though the sunlight barley came into the room. Gripping the side of the tub which he had fallen asleep against, he asked \"where is your mother?\" His voice was stronger now, though it was raspy. Helping him stand, Tommy said \"she's not here\" trying to keep his voice even. There were few things that stirred Tommy more than his mother, bring up the topic and you're liable to get a cold shoulder or a punch to the face, whichever he seems to fit the scenario. \"Well where is she? And why aren't you in school? will surely fail you.\" ? She had been Tommy's fourth grade teacher years ago. He had known his condition was getting worse. He had no idea how much worse. \"Come on\" he said, trying to get the older man out of the bathroom, only to have him jerk away, nearly fall, Tommy catching him in the nick of time. Pulling away he demanded again \"where is your mother?\" his voice seemed louder now, slightly scary even. But not to Tommy. Not anymore. \"Not here\" he said, he could feel his temper starting to slip away and that was the last thing he needed. Following his father, he took his arm. \"You need to rest\" he said as he led him to the bedroom. \"No. I'm supposed to be in the mines.\" \"The mines have been closed for years.\" \"No they ain't! I was just there yesterday with Johnson, Hill...\" He broke off into a heavy coughing fit as Tommy led him to the bedroom, forcing him on the bed. \"Get off!\" he growled and shoved at Tommy. Tommy backed off and just stared at him, watching as he lit a cigarette with shaky fingers, pressing it to his lips. Turning, with a shake of his head, he heard \"yes! Go! Walk away! Always been weak!\" Ignoring him, he walked out of the house and to the waiting car. Now he remembered part of why he had left. Nonetheless he had a reason to be back. A reason bigger and better than the failed man that he called father. ","Summary":" This is based off the 2011 Footloose-maybe one day I'll have the heart to do the original. As alway"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"He Could Be The One","Author":"Volleyball093","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10610888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The story takes place right after the footloose senior dance. I'm exhausted… Me and Ren had been dancing all night long. It's by far the best day of my life. I never thought I'd have a senior dance here in Bomont. But again, thanks to Ren and his petition against the law of public dancing, we finally get to have a senior dance. And the fact that my dad allowed us to go made it even better. \"So.. Did you have fun?\" Ren asked me. \"Hell yeah I had fun, you?\" I said with a lot of energy. \"Never been better.\" Ren smiled at me. What a gorgeous smile he has. I can't believe I missed all this the first time we met. If it isn't because I was pretty much stuck up at Chuck, I would've noticed it before. And the dimples… Aahh the dimples.. I think I won't get tired of it. Ren pulled his yellow buggy in front of my house. He immediately got out of his car and go to the other side of the car to open my door for me. What a gentleman. He pulled me out and walked me to my porch. \"Hey Ren\" I said before he leaves my porch. \"Yeah, Ariel?\" he said. I hooked my arms around his neck and give him a long, soft kiss. I think he didn't see that coming, but then he kissed me back. I pulled back and lean my forehead against his. \"Thank you for tonight.\" I smiled at him. \"Sure. No problem.\" He caressed my cheek and gave me another kiss. God.. I can do this all day. I know it sounds like I'm exaggerating giving the fact that me and Ren had been going out for like a week or so. But that's the truth. I think it's because I never felt so cared and appreciated by a guy before. Since Bobby's gone, I've been a complete wreck. I dated bad boys. Boys that only want something from me. But this time it's different. Ren is different. \"I'd better go. It past curfew.\" He said after he broke the kiss. \"I'll see you tomorrow. Okay?\" he added. \"Right on cowboy.\" I replied with a big smile on my face. \"I like it when you smile a lot like this.\" he said before leaving. Again with a huge smile on his face. I waved him goodbye and watch as the buggy drive away from my driveway. He likes it when I smile a lot.. What? Didn't I smile a lot before? Well, I can't tell. But maybe being with Ren has doubled my happiness. Is it normal to feel this much happiness? I got into the house. I ran up the stairs and I meet my dad halfway. \"How was the dance?\" he asked. Apparently with a worried face. I gave him a bear hug. It was so tight, I feel him tumble a little. \"It's the best night of my life, Dad. Thank you for letting me go to the dance.\" I said to him not breaking the hug. \"Sure thing, Kiddo. I'm glad you're having a good time. I love seeing you this happy.\" He gave me a small pressure hug before letting me go. \"Now go upstairs and go to bed. Okay?\" he said again. \"Yes, daddy.\" I replied as I walked up the stairs to my room. I went to my room and change into my PJ. I washed my face from the sweat and make ups. As I look into the mirror I smiled again. Ren was right. I smile a lot lately. I felt stupid smiling to myself. I get out of my washroom and as soon as I finished and I go straight to bed and let the night takes me away.[Chapter 2] I woke up feeling sore. I guess it's from the dance last night. Have I told you that I danced all night long? I think I did. I danced my ass off last night. No wonder my body's ache so much. But it's worth it, right? I think it's worth it if it made you happy. And because of that I'd call this body ache a happy pain. It's Monday and I have school. A few more months in school and then I'll go to college. I get off my bed and take a shower. I can't stand the sticky feeling on my body of all the sweat. I was too exhausted to take a shower last night so I went straight to bed. I took a short shower, washed my hair, brush my teeth and get ready for school. This time I dressed in a flowery camisole and a denim skirt. I match it with the chestnut ankle high boots. Then there's a knock on my door. \"Ariel, come down and have a breakfast with us.\" My mom said through the door. \"I'll be right there, mom.\" I applied some light everyday make up and I go downstairs. \"What are we having?\" I asked. I'm starved and my stomach gave a loud noise. \"Omelet and sausage. Have a seat.\" My dad said gesturing that I should take a seat. I finished my food in a flash. And I look to the clock. Rusty will be here any minute now. I was drinking my orange juice when there's a honk from outside. \"That's my cue. Gotta go!\" I said giving a peck on a cheek to my mom and my dad. As I left my porch I saw a yellow buggy instead of Rusty's car parked on my driveway. And a guy leaning on the car trunk. Ren with his sunglasses on. \"Ren? What are you doing here?\" I asked clearly unaware. \"Well.. Rusty called me. She said she might be late. So I decided to come here and pick you up.\" He replied. I didn't reply or anything. Chuck had never picked me up for school. So this thing is new to me. \"Won't you be happy that your boyfriend picked you up for school?\" Ren said breaking my silent. \"Yeah of course.\" I grinned as I walk to him. He just called himself my boyfriend. I don't know why it made my stomach full of butterflies. He opens the car door for me as usual. As a form of gratitude, I gave him a peck on his cheek before sliding in my seat. I waited for him to reach his door and start the car. We left in no time. On the way to school my phone rang. My screen showed the caller I.D. Rusty. \"Hello\" \"Hey babe.. Sorry I can't pick you up. I called Ren though. So where are you now?\" Rusty said on the other line. Ren gave a look asking who it is. I mouth Rusty and he gave a nod. \"It's okay Rusty. I'm on my way to school with Ren now.\" I replied to her. \"Tell Ren I said thank you.\" \"No problem!\" shouted Ren before I told him what Rusty wanted to say. Obviously he heard the conversation. \"Guess you heard him\" I said to Rusty. \"Yes. Loud and clear. I'll see you at school okay?\" Rusty gave a little chuckle on the other end. \"Sure thing babe.\" I said as I hung up the phone. \"It's not appropriate to eavesdrop, you know?\" I said to Ren with a smile after I put my phone in my bag. \"I wasn't eavesdropping. I happened to hear the conversation.\" He replied with a huge grin. Satisfied with his answer. \"Yeah.. Whatever\" I said. He gave small laugh and reached for my hand. He gave a light kiss on my knuckles. And I smile wider. He sure knows how to treat a girl.[Chapter 3] Hey everyone! Thank you for taking time to read my fic. If you like it, you can comment so I'll continue my story. And if you'd like to give some suggestions, i'm open for it. So yeah... Here's chapter 3. Ren pulled the buggy into a parking space. This time I got out of the buggy by myself. I don't want people to see me as a spoiled girlfriend. I have a reputation to maintain. People already see me as a Preacher's daughter, I don't want any more pet name for me. I waited until Ren shut the car. As soon as he got out of his car, he went straight to my side. I smile at him and he took my hand in his. Again.. sweet gestures. Never and I say NEVER get tired of it. \"Hey Ariel!\" Rusty called me from afar. \"Heey!\" I hugged Rusty. \"Hey what's up man?\" said Ren to Williard. And they do that handshake most boys always know. \"Sup, cowboy!\" Williard said as they do the boys-handshake as I call it. I don't get it. Do they do like tutorials or something? It seems a pretty hard handshake and they don't seem to have any problem doing so. Ahh.. not that I care of. I'm not a boy, why should I care. As I walk, I tumble a little. And an arm caught me before I fall. \"hey, you okay?\" Ren asked as he hold me. \"I'm okay. It's just… my both legs hurt.\" I tried to wash the worry of his face. \"You want me to give you a lift?\" he said raising his eyebrow. I know he's playing with me. \"Oh no no no.. I don't want to cause a scene. And I'm wearing a skirt. You want boys to see my so-called-hot butt?\" I said to him as I wiggle my behind. Two can play at the game, bro! Instead of answering he just laugh. What an adorable laugh. So I just smile back to him. Please remind me not to dance my ass off on heels. Now my both legs are killing me slowly. Thank God now I used my no-heels a.k.a flat boots. Williard, Rusty, Ren, and I walk through the hallway together. Rusty and I have the first period together so does Williard and Ren. Just seconds later, the bell rang. \"I'll see you at lunch?\" Williard said to Rusty. \"Will do.\" Rusty gave Williard a chaste kiss on the lips. \"Catch y'all later. Alright?\" I said to Ren and Williard. I gave Ren a chaste kiss too. And he kiss my forehead afterward. We leave to our separate ways. \"You look so happy.\" Rusty said to me as we walk to our class. \"Why is everybody keep saying that?\" I answered. \"Because you do. Don't you?\" Rusty asked me curiously. \"Yes, I am. Very much.\" I smiled. As we walk in to the class, I realized I've been in a very good mood since I started to go out with Ren. But I don't know it's that obvious. I smiled to myself. Oh my God.. freaking stop smiling I said to myself. It's lunch time. We decided to hang out at the parking lot. It feels very crowded inside the cafeteria. And I'm not hungry anyway. I ate a lot this morning. I think it still covers up my lunchtime. Rusty and I hang out in front of the main entrance of the school. And in a few minutes the boys, our boys, caught up to us. \"Hey aren't you eating?\" Ren asked me. \"No. I ate a lot this morning.\" I answered him. Just as we hang out and talk, a black jeep pulled out in front of us. At first I thought it's just another student coming back from lunchtime. But as I pay more attention, I know that car. The broken window hasn't been completely fixed. Oh Shit! What now? As the figure came out of the car, I don't need to guess who it is. I just know. It's the guy who blackened my eye. The guy who treated me like a dirt. Chuck.[Chapter 4] Sorry for taking such a long time to update. I had some problems with uploading it. well here we go... chapter 4. \"Hello there dancer boy!\" Chuck greet Ren from afar. My heart beats faster than it should. I can't believe this is happening. Chuck can't be here. Not in this school. What does he want? I saw Ren clench his jaw and I thought oh no this is gonna be bad. This is so not happening . \"Ren, please no. Just ignore him.\" I hold Ren's hand before he can go. He just held my hand and give me a reassuring smile that says don't worry about me. I'll be fine. And by that I let go of his hand. \"Hey there Chuck. That's a nice eye you got there.\" Ren said by pointing Chuck's eye that has blackened because of the fight last night at the senior dance. \"Yeah.. Maybe you want one too?\" Chuck said trying to intimidate Ren. Oh no no no. They're not gonna fight here, are they? Just to make sure Ren does not do anything stupid, I reach out and stand next to him. \"You wanna do this here in front of everyone?\" Ren asked Chuck. \"Oh no of course not. I'm here to see my dear ex. Hey preacher's daughter.\" He waved his hand to me. \"Chuck.\" That's all I'm going to say. I don't want to give him the idea that I'm over the fact that he assaulted me. \"Oh what's wrong baby? Aren't you happy to see me?\" he said. He reached out to caress my cheek. I slap his hand before he could touch me. \"Don't touch me!\" I barked at him. \"Hey hey hey! No need to be rude. It's not like I haven't touched you before.\" He said as he tried to caress me again. And this time Ren stood up for me. \"Didn't you hear what she says? Don't touch her, all right?\" Now Ren stand in front of me. Blocking my view of Chuck. \"What's going to happen if I touch her, huh? I've touched her before. Hell I've touched her in more part than you know. Haven't you heard? This slut lost her virginity to me. So that's how much I touched her. Hearing her oohhs and aahhs, whispers in my ears, her moaning my name…\" he said as if he's replaying it in his head. Now I'm disgusted with myself. How did I give my virginity to this bastard? I felt stupid. And I can't believe he just said that. I felt tears at the back of my eyes. But I can't cry here. I don't want to give him the satisfaction. I see Ren's eyes darken with rage. Before he could do anything stupid, I reach for his hand and drew him back. \"That's enough Chuck. I think you should go.\" I said trying to be strong for myself. Chuck just chuckles and went straight to his truck. He came all the way here just to heat things up? Well he succeeded. Clearly he almost made me cry. And by the look of Ren right now… angry is no longer the word for him. \"Ren? Hey ignore him.\" I tried to calm him down. He just stands there breathing hard. I saw his chest rise and fall. This can't be good . \"You come with me.\" I took Ren's hand. \"Hey guys! We'll catch up with you later. Okay?\" I said to Williard and Rusty who just stand there with their worried face. I dragged Ren to the parking lot. I tried my best not to cry because of Chuck's words. I have to be the strong one here. I have to be able to think rationally. I searched for Ren's yellow buggy. I found it parked right next to the blue sedan. I go there as soon as I spot it. As I reached it, I lead Ren to lean on the car trunk. \"Ren! Ren, look at me.\" I grab his face to look at me. He's avoiding my eyes I can tell. \"Hey.. I'm sorry you have to hear it that way.\" I said as I caress his hair. \"He's the one who should be sorry! He called you a slut. Didn't you hear?\" he snapped. But I'm glad he's not mad at me. \"I heard, okay? But stop doing this. You're scaring me. He's trying to get you mad. And apparently he succeeded.\" I said to him trying to maintain eye contact. \"I'm sorry. I just don't like how he treated you. I didn't mean to scare you. Forgive me?\" his eyes softened. It's a good sign. I smile and gave him a kiss on the lips. \"Apology accepted. Hey you want to go somewhere tonight? You know, letting of some steam. These guys are going to Starlite. Since dancing in public is no longer a problem, big thanks to you. So you in?\" I asked happily since his mood has lightened up. \"yeah sure. Of course. Wouldn't miss it for the world.\" he smiled. And the bell rang signing that lunchtime is over. I took Ren's hand and lead him to the school's main entrance. As we walked he kissed my temple. I guess I really need that comfort from him. He made me so happy. I don't know if I'll continue this story. Because there are no feedbacks and i'm sort of out of ideas. I want to know what you guys think and I'd like some ideas from you guys. So please comment. I'll appreciate any feedbacks.[Chapter 5] Hey guys! Sorry for taking such a long time to update. And I'm kinda short on ideas, I'm gonna need some feedback on how my stories go, is it boring or is it not. I am open for suggestions. So if you guys do have some ideas, you can comment. And by then... enjoy! I spend my afternoon thinking of everything I've gone through before Ren came into my life. Gee.. I'm such a badass woman. I didn't say that to think that I'm the cool girl. I was a shipwreck. I remember the first time I danced with Ren at the Starlite. I did that just to make Chuck jealous. What was I thinking? Ugh.. I can't believe I was that needy of boys' attention. Trying to get Chuck jealous? Yeah right! That has certainly got me nowhere. There was a honk outside, breaking me out of my reverie. Whoa it's 6 already . How long did I spend thinking? I thought it didn't take that long. I know that's Rusty picking me up for the hang out. I quickly get dressed in a tight red shirt that shows small part of my stomach. I covered it with a black sleeveless outer jacket. And I matched it up with short jeans. I checked myself in the mirror for a second and grab my phone, leaving my room. \"Where do you think you're going, young lady?\" my dad said before I could leave the door. Oh shit. \"I'm hanging out, Dad. I won't be long. I promise.\" I snapped back. This is so not a great timing. \"But it's school night.\" My dad said putting his hands in his pocket. Oh this can't be good. \"Come on dad, pleeaseeee…\" I begged him. \"Okay fine. Be back here at 9.30.\" \"Seriously dad?\" I gave him a disappointed look. \"Again it's school night. Be grateful that I let you go in the first place.\" I guess he's right. This does not happen very often. So at least I should be grateful. \"Okay, dad. I'll see you later. Don't wait up.\" I gave him a quick peck on his cheek and rushed out the door. My relationship with my dad has improved since the senior dance. I know this is a huge progress. \"Hey babe!\" I said to Rusty while I climb into the passenger seat. \"Hey! You dressed up well.\" Rusty gave me a sarcasm look. \"Rusty, it's just a hang out. How do you want me to dress?\" I said back to her. \"I'm just sayin' girl.\" She gives me glance on my outfit. \"Just drive okay?\" I smiled at her. The music is loud. The air smells like sweat and the crowds are gathered on the parking lot dancing. \"Hey Darling! Come here!\" Williard shouted to us after we parked the car. I saw Ren from distance. He's in the middle of the crowd. He sure as hell had let off some steam after what happened this afternoon at school. I know that dancing helps him with his anger issue. He stopped dancing just as soon as he sees me. I wave him a \"Hi\" and he smiles. He approached me and took my hand. \"Dance with me.\" He said panting. I take his hand and let him take me to the crowd. He twirls me right after we're in the middle of the crowd. It feels really good to dance and not having to be worried about getting busted. We danced that it feels like forever until my phone buzzed. I took my phone out of my pocket. There's one new message . * Good to see you dance like that. Where's the booty shake? I thought that's what you're good at. Remembering the last time we were here you tried to make me jealous by dancing with that fag. * Chuck. He's here. What does he want? Is he stalking me now? I look around the crowd trying to spot him. But there are too much people here. I ignored his text and get back to my dance. I suddenly feel anxious knowing that Chuck is watching me right now. I lost my dancing mood. \"You okay, Ariel?\" Ren asked me. I think he saw my mood swing. \"I'm great. I just need some air. I'm gonna go for awhile okay?\" I said to him. Ren gave me a nod and I leave the crowd. I went to Rusty and sit with her on her car trunk. Seems like she did some dancing. * Leave me alone, Chuck * \"You don't seem tired enough to stop. What happened?\" Rusty asked me. Obviously Rusty knows me best since we are the bestest of friends. I didn't answer her and I handed my phone to her. She read the text, her eyes scanning the screen. \"Aren't you going to tell Ren?\" She asked me handing my phone back. \"No. I can handle this myself. And seeing he let off some steam, I don't want to add up some more to him.\" I answered Rusty. She just gave me a smile as she rubs my hand giving me a supportive grip. I smiled weakly to her . I should be able to handle this myself. There you go! chapter 5. Please give me some feedbacks. it'll be very appreciated.[Chapter 6] Hey guys! Sorry for taking such a long time to update. I'm having a hard time writing this story due to my school assignments. Fingers crossed I can update the story sooner. And for now.. Here's Chapter 6. ENJOY! I checked my watch, It's 9.00 pm. I should be home at 9.30 or else my dad wouldn't let me go again on school nights. I had enough fun here anyway. Not that I had any fun knowing Chuck is somewhere taunting me. I gave a big sigh and got up from Rusty's trunk. \"Hey Rust, can you drop me off at my house?\" I said to Rusty. \"Yeah sure, no problem.\" She gave me a smile knowing my problem right now. \"Hey, I'll give Ariel a ride.\" Ren showed out of nowhere suddenly in front of me. \"Are you sure it's okay?\" I asked Ren. I'm not in the mood to be alone with Ren. I'm trying to avoid conversation about my mood swing earlier. I know he'll ask me about that. \"Of course. My place is closer to you than Rusty's. So why not easy things out?\" Ren said. I gave a sigh. But small enough that Ren didn't notice. I forced a smile. \"Okay then. Thank you.\" \"That's what a good boyfriend should do, right?\" He's so sweet. I don't think I deserve him. He's the nicest guy I've ever met. Let alone being the most gentleman guy. On the other hand, I'm a shipwreck. I'm a damaged goods. He took my hand and led me to his car. He opens the door for me and I slide in. This is gonna be a long ride. Ren pulled his buggy on my driveway. Once I was about to open the door, he stopped me by pulling my arm. \"What's going on with you?\" he asked me. Oh crap! I thought I'd get away from this conversation. The ride was long and I don't know why I kept waiting for this moment to come. Not that I expected it. But I know this was coming. \"What do you mean what's going on with me? I'm okay.\" I lied. I know it's not good lying to your boyfriend. But for what it's worth, I did that to avoid him confronting Chuck. I guess we all know what will happen next if that happens. \"Don't bullshit me, Ariel. You've been silent since we got into the car. You left the party looking like a grudge. You didn't dance much. Which we both know that doesn't happen often unless there's something bothering you. And what's with the mood swing? You're having a great time in a minute, and then you look like you hate dancing the next. Aren't you going to tell me? Or you'll just keep me hanging?\" \"I said I'm fine, Ren!\" I snapped at him. I just can't handle this much. And I let my anger get in the way. \"I'm sorry. I just… I have cramps. It hurts the shit out of me so I didn't feel like dancing. I thought I could ignore the pain by dancing. But apparently I can't. That's just it.\" I explained. Was that even a good lie? Will he buy it? Ren gave me an understanding look and nodded. Yeah! I guess it worked. \"Okay well.. just get some rest. I'll pick you up tomorrow for school.\" He pulled me and gave me a kiss on the lips. And then I get out of the car. As always, I waited until his car leaves my driveway before I got into the house. I checked my watch, the digital screen showed me that it's 9.27 pm. I get up the stairs and knocked on my parents' room. \"Hey daddy I'm back.\" I said to him through the door. I didn't wait for answers. I just want to let him know that he can trust me. And he can trust Ren. I went to my room and then to my washroom. Shower! Yes shower would help me get this day over with. I took a long hot shower. Thinking what am I going to do with Chuck. How long can I lie to Ren? It feels like I'm trying to ruin a healthy relationship I've built with Ren. What am I going to do? I got out of my shower and dry myself. I changed into my Pj. Right now I just need a really good night sleep. And before I closed my eyes to sleep, my phone rang. *Hello sweetheart. What happened? Did I scare you? You should be scared. Because I'm not gonna let you go with it. And tell Ren I said \"Hi\" unless you're lying to him. Which most likely you are. Good night, my Ariel. Have a great sleep ;) * The hair behind my neck starting to prickle. He's not going to stop. But when? When is exactly that he'll stop? Until I break up with Ren? But what's in it for him? I closed my phone. And push myself to sleep. what do you guys think? comments please. i'm open to suggestion. :) ","Summary":" The story takes place right after the footloose senior dance. I'm exhausted… Me and Ren had been da"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"The Perfect Nanny","Author":"Groovesismynickname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12063765","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You've arrived Miss Collins\" Linda's eyes opened and peered out the window. Her cab was parked in front of her new home. It looked like a house you would usually find in horror movies. She found it odd how her friend Lilly even recommended this place to her. Lilly was a real estate agent who worked in London and knew the house would be perfect for Linda, as she had just divorced her abusive husband and wanted to be as far away from him as possible. \"Thanks. What do I owe you?\" Linda asked. \"Your friend already paid the fare\" the driver said. She smiled kindly and stepped out of the cab. She walked around the the back trunk to collect her belongings. Once she had everything, she bid the driver goodbye and made her way towards the house. Once she opened the door and stepped inside, she looked around in awe. This place is amazing! I don't understand why the last person to live here left. Linda knew of the house's original owners. They were an elderly couple who had tragically lost their son in a house fire. Linda couldn't imagine such a thing. Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire apparently needed a 'house sitter', which is the story that Lilly told Linda, but the Heelshire's never came back and she was left to watch the house. However, she left for some unknown reason. Linda heard her phone ringing so she pulled it out of her pocket and answered it, putting it on speaker phone. \"Hey Linda. Have you arrived yet?\" Lilly asked. \"Yes. It's amazing!\" I said \"I knew you'd love it! I know it's a bit far from town and you don't have any neighbors-\" \"It's alright Lilly. I could do with a little isolation for a while\" \"As long as you're happy with it, that's all that matters. Cody and I have to head out for lunch. Maybe I could stop by later and check up on you? I could even bring some food by if you'd like\" Lilly offered. \"That would be great. Thank Lil\" Linda said \"No problem. Good luck with getting settled in\" Lilly said before she hung up. Linda went off to find a room to settle into. She found a room to her liking and started unpacking her clothes and things to keep her entertained. She knew that there wasn't any wifi or satellite, and what she had of reception wasn't that much either. She brought a laptop and charger, and an assortment of movies and television series that she owned on DVD. She also brought a collection of books with her. Just when Linda started filling her dresser with clothes, she heard a thud coming from the room opposite hers. It's an old house. Old houses make noises. She ignored it but then heard another noise coming from the same room. She dropped the shirt she was currently holding in her hand, onto the bed and crept her way to the closed room. When she opened the door, she looked around the room and noticed it had the appearance of a young boy's bedroom. When she looked towards the bed, she noticed a doll, resembling a young boy, sitting on the bed. Was that doll always here? It's kind of creepy. Linda stepped closer to the doll and got a good look at it. The doll's porcelain skin appeared to be cracked but carefully mended together. Something else got her eye. It was a piece of paper placed beside the doll. She picked it up and examined it. It was a set of rules. No Guests Never Leave Brahms Alone Save Meals In Freezer Never Cover Brahms Face Read A Bedtime Story Play Music Loud Clean The Traps Only Malcolm Brings Deliveries Brahms Is Never To Leave Kiss Goodnight Linda furrowed her eyes at the list. She found it odd, especially since eight was the only one crossed off. Taking her eyes off of the list, she looked back at the doll. Is the doll Brahms? It's a little weird leaving a list of rules for a doll. Linda ignored the doll and the list of rules entirely. She left the room and closed the door, as she was a little uncomfortable seeing the doll. She then retreated back to her room, not saying a word.[Chapter 2] Linda finished unpacking her clothes, so she decided to start on reading another novel. She opened her boxes of books and looked through the wide array. There was everything from romance to horror, science fiction to fantasy, almost every single genre that there is. She settled on reading The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. She settled herself on her bed and opened the book to the first page. Her eyes made it halfway down the fifth page when she heard knocking at the front door. Linda marked her place and went to go answer it. It was Lilly with her promise of groceries. \"Hey Lin. I made sure to bring lots\" Lilly said, gesturing to the various amounts of grocery bags she brought. \"Thanks Lilly. Come in and show me what you brought me\" Linda invited her. Lilly stepped inside with a smile. Linda helped with some grocery bags that Lilly couldn't bring in herself. They set all the grocery bags on the counter and went through the items of food. \"I made sure to get you stuff so you could make your favorite\" Lilly said, pulling out a package of bread, jar of Nutella and a group of bananas. Linda loved her Nutella banana sandwiches. As they emptied the bags and put away groceries. Once they finished, Linda offered Lilly some food. \"How about a Nutella banana sandwich?\" \"Sounds delicious\" Lilly commented. Linda began making the two sandwiches. \"Linda, if you go outside, you might want to empty the rat traps outside. I could almost smell dead rat\" Lilly said. Linda paused her actions. That was funny. Cleaning the traps was one of the rules on the paper she found next to the doll. Perhaps she could stick to that rule, as she didn't want dead animals in or outside. Maybe storing food in the freezer wasn't a bad idea either. If she gets hungry later, she won't have to cook anything. The other rules, however, she was going to ignore. \"Linda, are you alright?\" Lilly asked, knocking Linda out of her thoughts. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks for letting me know about the traps\" she said. She made the sandwiches and placed both of them on a plate. She set one in front of Lilly and the other in front of herself. They began to eat. \"Why don't we make this a regular thing?\" Lilly said out of the blue. \"What?\" Linda asked \"I don't mind delivering groceries to you once every week\" \"You really wouldn't mind?\" \"Not at all\" \"Alright. What day works for you? \"How about Wednesdays?\" \"Sounds perfect\" Lilly was getting ready to head off. \"Again, thanks for the groceries\" Linda said \"It was my pleasure, but since I did you a favor, you need to do me a favor\" Lilly said \"And what would this favor be?\" \"Cody and I are having a party tonight and we would love for you to come. Maybe you could meet somebody new. I have a friend that might be interested. His name is Sean\" \"Is he cute?\" \"You'd have to see for yourself\" \"Will you come and pick me up?\" \"Of coarse. So is that a yes?\" \"I'll go\" Lilly squealed in excitement and hugged her friend. They finally exchanged goodbyes and Lilly left, promising to stop by for Linda later. As soon as she was left alone, she could hear the landline that was in her bedroom ringing. Who the hell is calling and why? The only way to find out was to go and answer it. It was still ringing when she got in her room and it ended abruptly when she answered. \"Hello?\" Linda spoke into the receiver. \"Linda?\" spoke the voice of a child.[Chapter 3] \"Who is this?\" Linda spoke into the receiver. She awaited an answer but there wasn't one. She hung up the phone and furrowed her eyebrows. Probably my nephew prank calling me. That didn't make sense to Linda though. She hadn't told her family the number of the house. It's not like Linda knew it herself. She heard thudding coming from her bedroom so she went to investigate. When she got there, her heart nearly beat out of her chest. The doll was sitting on her bed, staring right at her. What the hell? Next to the doll, was the list of rules. There was something different about it. The eighth rule had been changed. Only Lilly Brings Deliveries Linda ignored the rules, picked up the doll and put it back into the room where she originally found it. She closed the door, ensuring it was closed tight. How could the doll have moved? The first time she's touched it was to move it back to it's room. Maybe the doll moved on it's own? Don't be stupid Linda! Dolls can only get possessed in horror movies. She let the thought go and decided to go pick out a dress for tonight. She rummaged through the dresser drawers and found a dress to wear for tonight. When she pulled it out, a photo fell with it. Linda bent over to pick it up. It was a picture of her that her mom had taken just a few days before the move. She smiled at it and placed it on top of the dresser. She laid the dress on the bed and went to go find a towel so she could have a shower. It took Linda ten minutes to shower. Once the towel was wrapped around her, she returned to her room. As soon as her eyes landed on the bed, she noticed something was missing. Where the hell did my dress go? She looked on the floor around the bed, to see if it might have fallen. She made sure to check under the bed as well. No sign of it. She decided to look in the dresser. Even though she knows and remembers that she put it on the bed, she still sifted through the drawers. No sign of the dress anywhere. That was the only dress she brought as well. Her eyes landed to the top of the dresser and she noticed something else was missing. Her photo was gone. First my dress, and now my favorite picture. What in the actual hell is happening!? Her thoughts were interrupted when there was a knock coming from the front door. Linda went to go answer it, assuming it was probably Lilly. When she open the door, she was greeted by an unfamiliar face. It was a man and an extremely handsome one at that. \"Hi. You're Linda Collins, right?\" the man standing in front of her door asked. \"Yes. Who are you?\" Linda asked \"I'm Sean Michaels. Lilly sent me to come get you\" he said \"Oh yes! Nice to meet you. I apologize for my attire. I'm not planning on wearing this to the party\" Linda said, referring to the towel. \"Sorry if I'm a little too early for you\" Sean said, flashing Linda a charming smile. \"No, no. I just lost the dress I was going to wear and I can't seem to remember where I put it\" \"Take the time you need then. I'll be waiting in my car. Come join me when you're ready to go\" \"Of coarse. Thanks. I'll be out as soon as I can\" Linda said. She closed the door and made her way back to her bedroom, hoping that her dress turned up. She stopped dead in her tracks when she noticed that the attic was open. I didn't realize there was an attic. She let curiosity get the best of her and she started climbing up the ladder. When her foot came off the very last step, that's when it shut on her.[Chapter 4] Linda used all the strength she had and tried pushing on the attic door to open it but it wasn't working. She let out a frustrated sigh and looked out the small window. She saw that Sean was still parked and waiting for her. I have to get out of here and fast. She began looking around in hopes that she could find something to open the door. She searched and searched but found nothing of use to her. However, something did catch her eye. It was a photo of a young girl and a young boy. The girl had a smile on her face but there was something about the boy's face. It was rather dark. The sound of an engine revving had caused her to look back out the window. Sean was driving away. \"No, no, no!\" Linda said, banging her fists against the window. Her chance at a new relationship was gone. A moment later, the attic door opened. It caused her to jump a bit, but quickly, she was climbing down the stairs. Since she now had nothing to do for the night, she made her way to her room to put on some pyjamas. If the attic door opening on it's own made her jump, the sight of the doll in her room almost gave her a heart attack. He was sitting up right on the bed, staring directly at her. There was also another note in front of it. She picked it up and read it. You're not allowed to leave me Linda ~ B She looked at the doll with slight panic in her eyes. Was it the doll that closed me in the attic? She shook her head at the thought. The doll couldn't possibly have done that. It probably just accidentally closed on it's own. That didn't explain the note however. She doesn't know who wrote it but it must be this B person. A thought about the list of rules she saw earlier popped up in her head. The name Brahms had stuck in her memory. Could Brahms have wrote this? Who is Brahms anyways? She looked at the doll again. \"Would you happen to be Brahms by any chance?\" No answer. It's not like Linda expected an answer but she thought she might as well give it a try. She picked up the doll, or Brahms as she was now going to call him, and put him back in the room where she originally found him. Then she hurried back to her room, changed into pjs and made her way to the kitchen where a leftover sandwich would be waiting for her. When she arrived in the kitchen, she opened the freezer hoping to find a leftover sandwich but it was gone. That's funny because she didn't remember eating it earlier. She closed the lid and looked at the freezer in confusion. Maybe one of the rats got to it? But she didn't see how that could be possible. Surely rats couldn't get into the freezer. In any case, Linda decided to clean the traps tomorrow just to be cautious. Her appetite faded away so she decided to head back to her room. Linda had popped Jurassic Park into her laptop. It was one of her favorite movies. It was about ten minutes it when she got a call from Lilly. \"Hello?\" Linda spoke when she answered the phone. \"You didn't show up with Sean tonight? Why?\" Lilly asked \"I got trapped in the attic. It was open so I got curious and when I went up there, it just shut on me\" \"Oh my! Are you okay? \"I'm fine. It just gave me a fright\" \"I'm glad you're okay. I'm going to call Sean and tell him what happened so he doesn't think you stood him up\" \"Oh thanks Lilly. I don't know what I'd do without you. I've gotta go, watching Jurassic Park\" Linda and Lilly said goodbye to each other before they ended their call. Linda watched her movie until it ended and then she fell asleep. What she didn't know is that she fell asleep with a pair of eyes watching her.[Chapter 5] When he was sure that Linda was deep in her slumber, Brahms decided to come out of the walls. He wanted a closer look at the girl he found so beautiful. He quietly crept into her bedroom. He stood beside the bed, and looked down at her. He observed as her chest softly moved up and down with every breath she took. He never took his eyes off of her, she was such a sight to behold. When Greta had left, Brahms had never felt lonelier, considering the fact that his parents were never coming. Then Linda had moved in, and Brahms knew that she would be the one to stay, whether she wanted to or not. He reached out to gently stroke her hair. My pretty Linda. He didn't mind that she didn't follow the rules today. It was her first day after all. Tomorrow, however, he expected her to start. To make sure of it, he quickly yet quietly grabbed the Brahms doll, and placed him beside her along with the rules. He gave her one more look over and decided he wanted a keepsake. He found a pair of scissors and carefully picked up a strand of Linda's hair. He cut about three inches off before going back inside the walls. When Linda woke the next morning, she was greeted to the sight of doll Brahms sitting up and staring at her. \"Ah!' she screamed, abruptly sitting up. She stared at the doll, whom was staring back at her. Her eyes drifted to the set of rules that was laid in front of him, \"Again with this? How did you even get in here? I thought I put you in your room\" Linda said. She picked up the doll and put him back in his room. She slammed the door behind her, and then went back into her bedroom. She picked up the list of rules, crumpled it up and then threw it in the trash. \"Suppose I should go take a shower\" she said to herself. When Linda finished up with her shower, she wrapped herself with a towel and moved towards the mirror. She picked up the hairbrush that was sitting on the counter and began brushing her hair. She stopped when she noticed an odd piece of hair. She put the brush down, and picked up the strand of hair. Her hair had been cut. \"How the-\" a thud coming from her room distracted her. She put her robe on and quickly ran to her room. The sight made her go wide eyed. Items were knocked over and almost all her clothes were thrown about the room. Sitting upright on the bed was Brahms, and so was the list of rules again, which had been covered with creases. \"What the hell is going on!?\" She jumped when she heard the telephone ringing. Linda walked over to it and answered it. \"Hello?\" \"Linda?\" She nearly froze at the sound of the little boy's voice. It was the same voice she had heard yesterday. \"Why won't you follow the rules, pretty Linda?\" She didn't know what to say so she quickly hung up the phone and ran down to the kitchen. I scared my pretty Linda. I didn't mean to scare her but she isn't following the rules. Maybe if I do something nice for her, she won't be scared and she'll start following the rules. I don't want my pretty Linda to be scared. I want her to love me like I love her. As soon as she was in the kitchen, Linda picked up her cellphone and dialed Lilly's number. \"Hello?\" her friend said. \"Lilly, there's something I really need to talk to you about\" Linda said \"Sean said he'll give you another chance\" Lilly said \"No, no. It's not about Sean. It's about the house\" \"What about the house? \"Well there's this doll and it keeps moving when I'm not looking and it keeps leaving a list of rules. This morning I threw the list of rules away and when I came back from my shower, my room was trashed. It's like the doll was angry with me or something\" \"So you think the doll is possessed and you somehow pissed it off?\" \"Maybe, I don't know. Do you know any backstory on the house? Anything about the past residents?\" \"Linda, let me tell you about the Heelshires\" ","Summary":" \"You've arrived Miss Collins\" Linda's eyes opened and peered out the window. Her cab was parked i"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"When Boston and Bomont Collide","Author":"TrippinOffTheWall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9119400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN IS SAMANTHA ANN AIRS AND DEREK WALDIN. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! When Boston and Bomont Collide \"Progress… What does progress mean to you?\" Reverend Moore asked. \"Means I'm not falling asleep during one of your sermons for once.\" I mumbled as I typed out a reply to Woody's text about going to Starlite drive in sometime this week. \"Shhh!\" someone shushed from somewhere behind me, turning in my seat I found the perpetrator. \"Sorry.\" I apologized to the elderly old crow glaring at me from the pew behind me. Raising my phone a little so she can see the screen I hit send and smiled at her when it said that the message was sent. Turning back to face the front I slipped my phone back in my pocket and listened as Reverend Moore preached. \"We have computers in our pockets, telephones in our automobiles, and money on a plastic card.\" Reverend Moore said looking all kinds of serious and righteous. \"Okay I take that back, I might just fall asleep yet.\" I grumbled pulling my phone out of my pocket as it vibrated alerting to a new text. I vaguely was listening to what was being said as I texted. \"Who here today remembers a time when you had to go INSIDE the bank to get money? Remember old Mr. Rucker at Bomont State Bank?\" Mr. Moore paused to let everyone recall the kind old bank worker, \"Every time you made a deposit, he'd give you a piece of Bazooka chewing gum.\" Reverend Moore said making everyone laugh, with the exception of myself and his lovely daughter Ariel. Speaking of Ariel, I looked away from my phone screen to glance over at \"Little Miss Preacher's Daughter.\" She was sitting on the other side of the church room with her, our only thing in common nowadays, friend Rusty. You see three years ago you probably would have seen me sitting right there with them. But that was before the accident, before the deaths of those five seniors. Back then Ariel wasn't the wild and reckless rebel child she is today….Nah back then she was actually the town's goody two shoes. Always home before curfew, never talking back, never sneaking out, keeping up her grades in school, and she never would even consider talking to a douchebag pussy chasing asshole like Chuck Cranston. But alas, things change and unlike Rusty I gave up on Ariel a long time ago. I was brought out of my thoughts when Rusty looked over at me catching my eye. She grinned at me giving me a semi-subtle \"What's up\" nod, I smirked returning the favor. With a shake of my head I turned my attention back to my phone and started replying to the text that I was, until now, neglecting. Once my phone notified me that my message was sent I looked back up to Reverend Moore. \"Today more and more, as families, we are tuning each other out. We're either surfing the internet, texting on our cell phones, or staring mindlessly at the television set. Now –\" reverend Moore was interrupted when my phone's ringtone, Hustlin by Rick Ross, rang out. Instantly I could feel the burn of everyone's stare as I fished my phone out of my pocket. Once it was out I pushed the call button and pressed it to my ear as I stood out of my seat. \"Give me a second.\" I quickly said into the receiver before pressing my cell into my shoulder and addressing everyone else. \"I'm sorry everyone, Reverend Moore, for disrupting another Sunday service…..again. I guess I forgot to leave it on silent. So I'll just take this call outside. Ladies and gentlemen good day, let god be with you.\" I apologized, albeit sarcastically, and made my way to the middle aisle. ' Note to self: Never sit at the front again' I thought as I slowly made my way to the door. As I was I could see Rusty fighting a laugh while from beside her Ariel just rolled her eyes. After passing them in my stride to get the door I caught the eye of a boy I've never seen before sitting with the Warnicker Family, I babysat their girls during the summer. The guy was good looking with a strong jaw, pretty brown hazel eyes, and dirty blonde hair. I held his brown hazel eyed gaze until I completely passed the church bench he was sitting at. By the time I was at the door the Reverend had picked up where my phone had interrupted, like my little interruption never even happened. As my hand gripped the handle I took one last look back to find Mr. New Kid the only one still watching me. Throwing him a smirk and a wink I opened the big wood door and made my exit. \"Hello?\" I called into my cell as I walked down the church steps and over to my baby blue Triumph Tiger 110 motorcycle (think Benjamin Button's morotcycle). Swinging my leg over to straddle my bike I waited for the persons reply. \"Sammy? Baby make sure you don't forget to stop by the Thomas Family Pharmacy for my medicine okay?\" a weak strained voice sounded through the speaker. \"Of course I won't forget grandma. In fact, I'm on my way right now to pick it up. So there's no need for you to worry.\" I said. \"Okay sweetie pie. Please make sure that you are careful on that god awful machine you call a motorcycle.\" my grandmother scolded but I could clearly hear the smile in her tired voice. \"Will do, Okay I gotta go but I'll see you at home in a little bit, bye grandma. I love you.\" I said noticing that service was over, as if the people pouring out of the church doors was any indication. \"I love you too baby girl, bye\" My grandma said before hanging up. Shoving my phone into my pocket I put on my black Ray Ban sunglasses. Grabbing the hair tie from my wrist I threw my hair up into a quick pony before kick starting my bike and driving away from the curb. Ren's pov After meeting the Reverends daughter and our proactive one word conversation I went looking for my uncle Wes. As I was looking I spotted cellphone girl talking on the phone sitting on a sexy sky blue Triumph Tiger 110 motorcycle. Getting a good look at her now she wasn't exactly dress like the other church goers here. Instead of a nice Sunday dress and sandals she was sporting light wash jeans, black cowgirl boots (like Miley Cyrus in party in the USA), a scoop neck white tee, and a simple necklace with a small circle silver pendant hanging from it. In church after her phone went off and she was walking away I thought she was smoking. Defiantly different form some of the other small town girls I've seen in Bomont , but then again Ariel was something else too. By the time I found my aunt and uncle Cellphone girl had just hung up her phone. \"Hey, Uncle Wes, what's her name?\" I asked still looking in cell phone girl's direction. \"Who're you taking about son?\" my uncle asked looking at me. I nodded my head in cellphone girls' direction; she was putting her hair up when my uncle finally spotted her. \"Oh her? That's Samantha Ann Airs, although she likes going by her nickname Sammy. Yeah, she babysat the girls for us this past summer. She's a really sweet girl despite the kinds of stories folks will tell you about her,\" My uncle explained, \"Now come on, Ren, your aunt has lunch waiting.\" My uncle told me with a pat on the back before heading to his truck. \"Sammy, huh?\" I muttered watching as she expertly kick started her bike and road away. So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time M'kay bye![Chapter 2] I DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN IS SAMANTHA ANN AIRS, DEREK WALDIN AND ANYONE ELSE YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! Samantha BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEE-! \"Shut up you stupid alarm clock! Just so you know I cursed your creation every morning.\" I groaned stretching until my back popped then kicked the covers off. After the normal morning routine of doing my business and washing my face I went down stairs for some breakfast. As I walked down the stairs the smell of bacon, eggs and sausage assaulted my senses. Walking into the kitchen I smiled. \"Good morning grandma.\" I greeted kissing her on the cheek as I took the plate of delicious food from her waiting hands. \"Good morning sweet pea. Is Derek driving you to school today?\" my grandmother asked as she took a seat at the table with her own plate of breakfast and a cup of coffee. I scoffed as I opened the frigid for some orange juice. \"Of Course he is, but I swear the only reason that boy even calls himself my best friend is to have an excuse to come over and eat your cooking.\" I said taking a seat and started eating. My grandmother laughed at my childish rant while I shoveled some eggs into my mouth. It was 10 minutes later that the obnoxious sound of a car horn was beeping at the front door. \"Well you know what they say, 'Speak of the devil and he shall arrive.'\" I sighed as the front door opened Derek Waldin, my guy best friend, walked in. Derek's a fairly tall guy standing at 5'10 with dirty blonde hair and pretty baby blues. Although I would never say it to his face, I have to admit that he's good looking with a strong jaw and a handsome face. Now that's not saying I have romantic feelings for the boy. He's more like the twin brother I never wanted but got anyway because karma was being a tool bag. Derek and I have been friends since dippers and it's during this friendship that for as long as I can remember Derek has been enamored with Ariel Moore. Which quite frankly I don't understand, He could have any girl in school but the only one he's interested in just has to be the one who doesn't even know he exist. Ah well, C'est la vie. \"Good morning ladies, I'm here for a taste of Aggie's famous cooking…and to be Sammy's ride to school.\" Derek teased; placing a kiss on my grandmother's cheek then helped himself to some breakfast. \"Oh ha-ha you are SO funny, Derek. Ever consider dropping out of school to become a comedian?\" I drawled, getting up from my seat and walking over to the sink, placing my dishes inside. \"I'm gonna go get ready and you better be done stuffing your face by the time I come back down.\" I threatened as I walked up the stairs. \"Whatever woman!\" After I finished dressing I was gathering up all my crap for school when Rick Ross started singing to me. \"Hello?\" \"Tell me, Sammy, tell me why I still put up with her reckless dumb behavior?\" \"Rusty, is that you?\" I asked pulling the phone away from my ear and checking the caller I.D. \"Of course it's me. You have caller I.D moron.\" she snapped. Yup it's Rusty. \"Oh really you don't say. Well mine must not be working why don't I hang up and check it out?\" I asked, sarcasm oozing out of my mouth. \"No I'm sorry! It's just so mad and I'm taking it out on you.\" Rusty sighed. \"Well since you apologized I will allow you to rant about what has made you so angry.\" I said forgetting about my backpack and taking a seat on my bed. \"It's Ariel, yesterday after church Ariel and I went down to Chuck's daddy's race track. Well after the race Chuck called Ariel down to the track like she was some kind of dog.\" \"And what did Ariel do?\" I asked already having a bad feeling. \"She steals the checkered flag, runs down to the track, and climbs onto the opened car window waving the flag as Chuck drives around the race track!\" Rusty half yells. \"Damn that girl has officially lost it.\" I said after getting over my slight shock. \"I know,\" Rusty huffed, \"well enough of the drama. Do you need a ride to school?\" she asked sounding much less catty. \"Naw I'm good. Derek's here eating my food so he'll give me a ride.\" I told her causing her to laugh. \"I swear you treat that boy more like a slave than your best friend.\" she said, now it was my turn to laugh. \"Of course I do, he's my bitch.\" we burst into a fit of giggles. \"Besides it saves me having to use my gas. See you at school Rusty.\" I said before hanging up. Getting up I Checked my outfit one last time; a white ACDC Back in Black tank top tucked into my black high-waisted shorts and black ankle boots. I grabbed my backpack and walked down stairs. \"Bye grandma,\" I said poking my head around the corner into the kitchen then looked at Derek, \"Derek lets go!\" I yelled. The ride to school in Derek's SUV was like any other day. Today however I was telling Derek about Ariel's latest cry for attention. \"-then Rusty told me that Ariel stole the checkered flag, ran down to the track, climbed onto the opened car window and waved the flag as Chuck drove around the race track.\" I finished telling him. Derek didn't say anything right away, he just kind of sat there with a contemplative look his face. \"You're daydreaming of Ariel sitting on your car door, aren't you?\" \"Yeah.\" He said simply. For that answer I pinched his nipple. \"Derek, you need help.\" I said, giving him my 'What the fuck is wrong with you?' face. \"Owe what the hell Sammy?! I'm sorry but if you haven't noticed I'm a guy. An all American red blooded male. And believe it or not this is the these are typically the kind of thoughts that run through a boys mind. Besides I like her so my fantasy are understandable.\" Derek explained like if everything he just said made sense. \"Your logic is screwed and you're whipped.\" I concluded as we pulled into the school. After Derek parked I climbed out of the truck and walked around to the front hood and climbed up; taking a seat. This is what we did every morning. Derek would park and then he and I would sit on the hood and hang out before the morning bell. \"Don't you just hate Mondays?\" I asked and watched all the everyone loitering the parking lot. \"Yeah, I do hate Mondays. Get off my truck. The warning bell's about to ring.\" Derek said as he grabbed my arm and pulled me off his car. Thankfully I caught myself before I face planted into the asphalt. \"Aw, Derek, do we have to? Can't we just get back in your car and leave. Ya'know play hooky?\" I asked as we walked towards the school entrance, Derek scoffed. \"No we can't skip this week be caused we skipped last week remember? Besides if we skip anymore we'll lose credit and then we won't have our education and then we won't graduate and that means we'll be stuck in Bomont longer.\" Derek lectured in his best Sunday school teacher voice. I rolled my eyes. \"You are such a kill joy.\" I said. \"Anyway what did you do mrs Thompson's writing prom-\" I stopped when I heard Wiz Kahlifa's Black and Yellow blasting through the parking lot. Like everyone else I turned to find the source of the music. The sound was coming from a beat up yellow bug. When the car parked that guy I saw yesterday from church stepped out wearing a leather jacket, green button down with a black tie, dark denim jeans and classic black and white Chuck Taylor's. \"Who do you think that is?\" Derek asked as we watched the new guy talk to Rusty and Ariel. \"Don't know but I can guarantee we'll find out by the end of the day.\" I said just before the warning bell rang, \"Now come let's go to class!\" I said then continued on towards the building. Ren \"Where the hell is this class?\" I mumbled looking down at my class schedule. I ignored all the people staring at me as I glanced around the hallway. I had just passed that looked like a computer class when I spotted a display cabinet filled with picture and other trinkets of high school students. Stopping to take a look I realized that it was a sort of memorial. Inside the cabinet there was a plaque that read \"you will not be missing from our lives.\" There were pictures, trophies, class rings, school accomplishment awards and little toy that the families of the deceased had placed inside. While I was looking at all it I spotted a picture of Ariel and in that picture I she was posing with a boy a few years older than her. After a few more second of studying the memorial I started walked in again taking a right down the hallway. I grunted slightly when I collided with someone. \"Hey. Watch where you're going, little guy.\" Some dude decked out in a camouflage shirt barked. \"Sorry, man. I didn't see you.\" I apologize absently trying to look for my class. But camouflage dude had more to say apparently. \"It's like driving. Stick with the flow of traffic, numbnuts.\" Says the dumbass wearing a red hat. \"Maybe if you weren't wearing all that camouflage, I could see you. You should get one of them orange vests so hunters don't shoot you.\" I snapped back, not bothering to hide the smirk on my face. \"An orange vest? I don't wear orange. I'm not a Tennessee fan. I'm Georgia Bulldog.\" Was Country Boy's reply. \"Where you from? You talk funny.\" \"I talk funny? I talk funny? You should hear you from my end.\"I said. \"I'm from Boston.\" I but seeing the blank look on his face I added, \"Massachusetts?\" Still the same blank look on his face. \"It's the United States?\"I supplied sarcastically. \"Yeah. I read that somewhere.\" The hick scoffed in reply then smiled. \"What's up, man? I'm Willard.\" I hesitated for a second, looking between him and his hand, before finally grasping his hand in a hand shake. \"I'm Ren. MacCormack.\" \"Nice to meet you. Let me see this.\" Willard then took my schedule and flipped it over so he could read it. \"Literature and Composition. That's this way. Follow me.\" Willard said leading the way down the hallway. Walking along side him I adjusted my backpack back on my shoulder. Willard was still looking over my schedule when he looked up to me. He was looking over my clothes. \"People give you shit about that tie yet?\" \"Nah, but the day just started.\" I laughed. Samantha \"-So, Etta, what happened next?\" \"Well as soon as Woody and his friends heard what song was playing they jumped up and started dancing like their pants were on fire!\" Etta, Woody's girlfriend, said and we all started laughing. \"Oh man that's funny.\" Derek laughed. \"No what's funnier was Officer Herb walking around the corner and busting em' all! The look on their faces was priceless.\" Etta said. \"Oh man I wish I could've been there to see it.\" I admitted with a sigh. \"Girl, don't worry, I took a picture!\" Etta screeched pulling up the picture on her phone handing it over to me and Derek. The picture sent us into a another round of laughter. In the picture is showed Officer Herb with his arms folded across his chest and Woody and the boys and frozen in different dance poses. It was pretty hilarious. \"What're you hyenas laughing about?\" someone asked from behind us. Looking over my shoulder my hick of a cousin, Willard. \"We're laughing at this.\" I said with a smile and handed him Etta's phone so he could see the picture, his reaction was the same as ours. When he calmed down he handed back the cell phone. \"Willard what are you doing here? You don't have literature and composition this period.\" Derek asked. \"Yeah that's right I was showing the new kid around. Guys meet Ren MacCormack he's from Boston, Massachusetts.\" Willard introduced. \"Ren this is Derek Waldin, he's the running back on the football team.\" Willard said pointing at him. \"This is Etta Smith. Her boyfriend's the football captain. You'll meet him later.\" he said pointing her out. \"And that girl is Samantha she's my cousin. But I'm pretty sure you could tell, the good looks run in our family.\" Willard said. \"Yeah good looks that happen to miss your ugly self.\" I smirk. \"Rusty thinks I'm hot.\" Willard shot back. \"And I question her sanity every day.\" I laughed. \"Anyway it's nice to meet you Ren.\" I said Looking up at him and meeting his eyes. I smiled holding my hand out. Ren smiled then took hold of my hand with his. \"Hey Sam.\" \"So Ren what did you think of the church service yesterday?\" I asked as we dropped hands. \"I enjoyed it, I especially liked the music. I mean how many churches play songs by Rick Ross?\" Ren asked in a teasing voice. \"Ha-ha.\" I drawled out just before the literature teacher, Mr. Jones, walked in \"Alright class let's settle down and find our seats. The front office told me we have a new stude-Willard get out of my class room!\" Mr. Jones yelled pointing at Willard then the door. I laughed with everyone along with everyone else as Willard all but flew out the door. \"As I was saying we have a new student today. Mr. Ren MacCormack will be joining our class and I expect everyone to be helpful and responsible. Mr. MacCormack you can take that empty desk next to Ms. Airs.\" Mr. Jones said then got class started. As Ren took the desk next to mine I leaned forward towards Etta. \"I think the school year just got a little more interesting.\" I whispered to her then sat down. Etta turned in her seat looked at Ren then back and smirked at me. So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time![Chapter 3] Hello my lovely readers, favoriters, reviewers, guests and members! I soooooooooooooooo sorry it took so long to post this chapter but I had a serious case of writers block. Seriously! I swear I wrote this chapter 7 different times and I hated every one of them. Honestly I'm not really happy with this chapter but I've been working on this all I've made you all wait. l week and instead of deleting it like all the other ones I posted it because I felt guilty of how long. Forgive me everyone! please remember to review at the end of the chapter. Any and all reviews mean a lot to me. You can tell me anything; you can tell my how much it sucked, how much you loved it, how mad you are I took so long ,whatever! Just review. Anyway that's enough stalling, it's disclaimer time. I DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN IS SAMANTHA ANN AIRS, DEREK WALDIN AND ANYONE ELSE YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! Samantha I panted, kicking my feet off the ground as I ran my second lap around the football field. I was in P.E and today coach decided it would be a good idea to make the class run. Did I mention I hate Mondays? \"Rusty, PE sucks! Why did I let you talk me into this class again?\" I shouted up at my best friend that was a few feet ahead of me. She laugh and then turned to where she was looking at but still running. She was running backwards. Show-off. \"I made you pick this elective because you are the laziest skinny white girl I know and you need to get a workout.\" Rusty supplied. She was exaggerating about the skinny girl thing, I mean sure I'm thin but not sickly so. I'm curvy where it counts and thin where it looks good. \"I call bullshit on you Rusty.\" \"Alright fine. It's cause I didn't want to take this class by myself, happy?\" Rusty snapped and stopped running. I grinned and stopped running too. \"Yes. Hey what's going on over there?\" I asked pointing in the cheerleaders, who were all huddled together watching something that was going on the football field. \"I don't know, let's go ask Melissa.\" Rusty suggested then we made over to the group. \"Hey Melissa, what's going on?\" I asked the blonde Pom-Pom thrower when I reached her. She looked over her shoulder to see who had called her and when she noticed it was me she looked back out at the football field. \"We're watching the new guy. We wanted to see if he would make the team.\" Melissa said pointing her manicured finger at Ren. The head football coach had the guys lines up in five lines running what kind of looked like relay suicides. \"You mean Ren?\" I asked, watching Ren, Willard, Woody and Derek step up to the front of their lines. \"Yeah, him. He's a hottie, isn't he?\" Melissa asked nudging me in the side. \"I know right! He's cuuute.\" Rusty cooed. I rolled my eyes at her. \"You think everyone's cuuute.\" I teased. \"I know but he's cuuute.\" \"He isn't that bad to look at.\" I admitted and watched as the boys got into running position. When the coach blew the whistle Ren was the first to shoot off easily pulling in front touching the line and running back to tag the next person. \"Did you see that? He's good.\" Cindy, another cheerleader, cooed. \"Yeah he is and I'm going to tell him.\" I smirked. \"What?\" Melissa and Rusty asked too late. Cupping my arms around my mouth I took a deep breath. \"GOOD JOB REN!\" I cheered, laughing as not only Ren, but all the football boys turned to look at me then back at Ren all nudging or teasing him. When he looked back at me I gave my best smile and winked at him. He laughed and smiled back. From beside me the cheerleaders were all giggling. \"Sammy I can't believe you did that!\" Rusty exclaimed. \"Why not? I just thought he should know how good of a runner he is.\" I reasoned with a shit-eating grin on my face. \"In Sammy talk that means \"I think he's hot and I want to flirt with him.\"\" Melissa supplied. \"That too.\" LUNCH TIME \"What's for lunch today?\" I asked Rusty as we walked into the cafeteria. \"Today it is hamburgers, pizza, salads and chicken strips.\" Rusty said as she got in like for hamburgers. \"Yummy. I'm going to get in a different line. Meet me by the soda machine outside!\" I yelled to her then walked away to the line with the chicken and salad. After paying for my lunch I walked outside to the soda machine. When I didn't see Rusty there I assumed she was still inside. So after buying a tea from the machine I started to look for a place to sit. With all the tables taken inside I walked around the corner to check the courtyard. I spotted Willard sitting with Ren and there were two seats open at their table. \"Hey did you find a place to sit?\" Rusty asked coming to my side. \"Yeah we can sit with my cousin.\" I said motioning in his direction. Rusty looked at the table I was pointing and smiled. \"Sounds good to me. I get to sit next to my boyfriend and you can sit next you yours.\" Rusty teased seeing Ren also sitting at Willard's table. \"Just because I flirt with him doesn't mean he's my boyfriend.\" I said, as we walked down the stairs into the courtyard and towards Willard's table. \"Yet.\" Rusty added. \"Yet.\" I agreed in a whisper just as I set my tray down next to Ren. \"Hey guys.\" Rusty greeted, bending down to greet with a kiss. \"Hey Willard what's up with your face? You look like someone ran over your dog.\" I ask sitting down. Shooting Ren a quick smile I turned back to my cousin who was glaring at the new kid. \"Ren was bullshitting me about a threesome with two Russian girls.\" Willard said. Curious I turned to look at the boy sitting next to me. Ren was looking down at his plate cutting a piece of his chicken trying to hide the smirk on his face. I'm going to have to ask him to tell me that story another day. \"Anyway, are we going to the Drive-In next Friday?\" Rusty asked. \"You already know I'm going. I wouldn't pass up a chance to dance. What about you cuz? Are you going to finally show us your dance skills?\" I told Willard teasing him. \"I'm going.\" Willard said with a glare. I smirked at him then turned to look Ren, he looked a little confused with the conversation so I decided to clear things up for him. \"Do you dance Ren?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"Well I was just thinking that since this is your first time here in hillbilly hell why not give you a proper welcome to Bomont? Don't make plans next Friday because you're going with us to the Drive-in.\" I told him taking a sip of my sweet tea. \"Oh really? And what if I already do have plans for Friday?\" Ren asked with his brow arched. \"Easy. Cancel them. I don't know if you noticed but I'm not really giving you an option here.\" I said with a wicked smirk tugging at my lips. \"I hope you're as good a dancer as you say you are.\" I added then stood up swinging my back pack on to my shoulder and walking away from the table just as the bell rang, signaling the end of lunch. So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Remember that reviews keep me motivated and make me post chapters faster! Anyway, Until next time! #$%^&*()+_)(* ![Chapter 4] I DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN IS SAMANTHA ANN AIRS, DEREK WALDIN AND ANYONE ELSE YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! Ren's POV \"Give it a little more gas.\" Willard shouted at me over the sound if the engine. Nodding at him I step down on the gas pedal a few times. After listening to the sound for a few seconds Willard nods his head in approval. \"Yeah, that sounds good. Cut it.\" Banging on the good he walks away and I shut off the car, form the rear view mirror I see Derek slam the hood down. \"So, what the deal with the preacher's daughter? Is she worth all that attitude?\" I asked, climbing out of the car and shut the door whipping my hands down my shirt. \"I hear, back in the day, she used to be a goody two shoes. Now she fronts like she's some kind of hell raiser. Wearing her jeans all tight and everything.\" Woody said his spot on the bench press towards taking a drink from his soda. \"You could put a quarter in that girls back pocket and tell if it's heads or tails.\" Derek added with a laugh in his tone. At the blondes comment Willard scoffed. \"That doesn't stop you from trying to get with her though, does it with Derek?\" Willard asked to which Derek replied with a shut up. After laughing Willard turned back to me. \"Anyway, why do you want to know, Ren? Oh you're trying to knock boots with her, aren't you?\" The hick shouted accusingly. \"No.\" I countered with a roll of my eyes. \"Yes, you are. He is.\" He said pointing and nodding to the other two sitting in my garage. \"I'm just curious. I ain't trying to bang her or take her ballroom dancing.\" I said as I picked up a rag from my uncles worktable and started wiping my hands of left over grease. \"Well that'd be pretty hard considering that that's against the law.\" Derek said casually; as if he were talking about the weather. I looked at him increadously. \"What? Banging a preacher's daughter?\" I scoffed. \"No, public dancing's against the law if you're under the age of 18.\" Woody said. \"Shut up.\" I huffed. When no on said anything I backed up. \"Wait, wait, wait, jump back. Are you kidding me? Dancing is against the law?\" \"Yeah man we got laws up the poop chute around here. I can't even bring a bandanna to school because they think I'm in a gang. If my face gets sweaty I gotta use the back of my hand. Let me tell you something this country was built on bandannas.\" Willard ranted walking over to the fridge to get a drink \"So you're telling me Beaumont high doesn't have a prom?\" I asked. \"Well you know they got the fall ball, right? Okay so all the churches get together and put it on. The whole town shows up and everyone's eyes are on you, to make sure you're dancing at least 6 inches away from your girl.\" Willard said. \"You got to add another 2 inches for me though.\" Woody joked. \"Dude you wish! Anyway the schools don't want to have dances on their property they don't want to be held liable.\" Derek added. \"They don't want to be held liable for what?\" I asked. \"Five seniors died in a car crash coming home from dance and that's when the whole town went crazy they started blaming it on the liquor the music dancing after a while everybody started thinking dancing with the sin.\" He clarified. \"But we're talking about the law right? Not Heaven and hell?\" I asked them. \"Yeah, take that up with Reverend Moore.\" Willard said as he took Woody's spot on the bench press. \"I'm my machine, I'm the machine.\" He chanted as he started doing reps. \"So, Sammy? What's her story?\" I asked as casually as I could. We're not really friends more acquaintances since I'm friends with her cousin. I was interested in her though, that's for sure. She seems like a fun kind of person and I wouldn't mind getting to know her a little better. From the looks I was getting from the guys I could tell I was in for some more interrogation. \"Why do you want to know?\" Woody asked first. \"Well you know... I'm curious.\" I said. \"Oh I get it! It's not Ariel you wanna knock boots with, but Sammy!\" Willard exclaimed with a shit eating grin. \"I don't want to knock boots with anybody... well at least not yet. I just want to know about her since she basically asked me out to the movies tonight.\" I shouted, throwing my arms out to the side. \"Well there's her wild child attitude, but she's always been that way. She dances a lot and has had to community service twice for it. No brothers or sisters and no parents. She lives with our grandma. That's about it.\" Willard said. \"There are rumors around town about her but they're a bunch a bull. I wouldn't pay much attention to them if I were you.\" Woody added. \"Rumors, like what?\" I questioned, arching a brow. Who would spend the time making up rumors about Sammy? Or anyone for that matter? \"Like her mom was a junkie that sold her to a drug dealer to pay for some dope.\" Derek said counting on his finger. \"Or the one about her being easy because her mom was a prostitute. Like mother like daughter.\" Woody added; Derek added another finger. \"There's the one I heard during class that said the reason she doesn't get tickets and fines is because she's sleeping with Officer Herb.\" Derek said holding up three fingers. \"Damn, those are brutal.\" I admitted with a hack of my head. The guys all nodded their heads in agreement. It was silent for a second everyone in their own thoughts before it was broken by a phone chime. All of us looked over to Derek as he extracted his phone from his pocket. He fiddled with it or a second before pocketing it once again. \"That was Sammy. She says we better start getting ready for tonight.\" \"I have a question. How come that if I'm her cousin, her family, she texts you more than me?\" Willard demanded. Derek was about to retort when he was cut off by a chime. Retrieving his phone once again he unlocked his phone and read out the text. \"Willard, shut up.\" We all busted out laughing. Samantha's POV. \"I'm going to go get the soda you guys want anything?\" I asked as I stood from my spot on the bench. It's Saturday night and we were all the drive in. We abandoned watching the movie a long time ago when we realized it was the same movie they showed last week, so instead we're all at the outside patio of the snack bar occupying a picnic table. At my question Etta, Woody and Derek shook their heads no. Rusty, however, raised her hand. \"Sammy, can you get me an order of Frito Pie?\" she asked to which I replied to with nod and a yeah before disappearing inside. Walking up to the counter in rang the bell catching the attention of my friend Steve since Claude was busy in the back. \"Hey Sammy, what can I get for you?\" Steve asked as he walked over with a smile on his face. \"Hey Steve, can I get a medium Dr. Pepper and a Frito Pie?\" \"With or without jalapeños?\" \"Jalapeños, please.\" I answered with a smile. \"Ok I'll have that right up.\" \"Thanks Steve.\" I thanked as Steve disappeared into the kitchen. While I waited I pulled out my phone and send a quick text to Willard asking him if he was on his way yet. Hitting send I closed out of my text message and opened my message inbox to see if I had any other texts I had missed. I've been standing at the counter for a few minutes now when I felt someone grab the belt loops of my shorts, giving them a sharp tug that made me grunt. Turning I raised my fist ready to knock whoever touched me out but I was stopped mid-swing when I hand caught my closed one. \"What the hell do you want?\" \"Whoa, slow down girl. There's no need for violence. I just wanted to say Hi.\" Chuck drawled flashing what I'm sure he thought was a charming smile. All that smile did was make me sick. I honestly have no I des how Ariel doesn't up chuck every time she looks at him. \"Goodbye Chuck.\" I say pulling my arm from his with a sneer. If my obvious dismissal bothered him he didn't show it. His smile didn't faulter, in fact it grew as he took his hands and placed them on the counter behind me. Boxing me in, much to my distaste. \"Sammy, when are you going to stop playing hard to get and be with me already? I hear you been hanging out with that new kid, the city boy, is that true?\" He asks leering at me, shamelessly staring at down my shirt; taking advantage of our height difference. \"Who I hang out with is really none of your business, Chuck. And you know what, I always found it weird that you were still friends with high schoolers. I mean you graduated two years ago, don't you think you should have friends you own age? And as for your other question, try never.\" I snapped bringing his attention back to my face and away from my boobs. When his eyes met mine I added. \"Besides you have a girlfriend, or did you forget?\" \"You mean Ariel? Baby, she wouldn't have to know about us.\" He said bringing his face down closer to mine. \"You're a pig!\" I say putting a hand on his chest to keep him as far away from me is I can given the position I'm in. I was ready to push him off when a voice caught our attention. \"Is this jerk-off bothering you, Sammy?\" Peeking over Chuck's shoulder I was greeted with the sight of Derek and Woody standing menacingly at the door. From behind them I could see Rusty and Etta with concern looks on their faces. \"No, jerk-off was just leaving. Weren't you Chuck?\" I say turning back to the guy in front of me, staring at him expectantly. He stared me down for a moment, face blank, before he smirked darkly. \"Yep. I was just picking up my order.\" he says and reaches further behind me, bringing us almost chest to chest before he steps back and turns away. I watch him as he pushes to the guys and walks outside, disappearing into the crowd of cars and people before I let out an annoyed sigh. \"So did you guys Change your mind about wanting something?\" Looking at my friends I smile. \"Why does that asshole always mess with you?\" Derek asked as they walk over. \"No kidding. I remember ever since you turned his ass down in high school he's been harassing you.\" Woody added. \"Hell if I know.\" I shrugged turning around just as Steve comes out of the kitchen with my order. \"Sorry it took so long, Sammy. We ran out of cheese and we had to make some more.\" \"That's alright Steve I wasn't in a rush. How much is it gonna be?\" \"Your total will be $4.\" Steve answered. After paying him I grabbed my soda and handed Rusty her Pie. \"Are Willard and Ren here yet? I text Willard early before the whole Chuck thing but he hasn't replied.\" I asked her as I stole a Frito off her plate. \"Yeah they're pulling up right now.\" She says and point out the window where a yellow bug just pulled in. I was stealing another Frito form Rusty's bowl when the door chimed and Willard and Ren walked thought the door. \"It's about time you two showed up!\" I teased as I walked up to greet them. \"Hey how you doing? Willard and asks as he pulled me into a hug. \"Good, you ready to party?\" I ask returning the hug before letting him go. A teasing smirk on my face. I knew for a fact that my cousin could dance his way out of a paper bag, so every chance I got I liked to rub in in a little. \"Shut up\" he replied, pushing me in the shoulder slightly. I laughed moving onto Ren. \"Hey, how you doing?\" I asked putting my arms around his shoulders for a hug. \"I'm doing good.\" he replied returning the hug with his arms around my waist, giving a squeeze. Pulling away I smiled at him. \"That's awesome, so you hungry?\" \"Yeah. What's good here?\" he asked. \"We'll we got nachos, hot dogs, hamburgers.\" I listed on my fingers. \"Nah.\" He smiled scrunching up his face cutely and shaking his head no. \"How about-\" \"Frito pie, all the way!\" Rusty interrupted cutting me off mid-sentence. \"And if you're a real man? You'll eat jalapeño. Get your fingers out my pie!\" She snapped at Willard when he also tried some of her food. Chewing he counters. \"What about that guy? You don't know where his fingers been.\" While they were bickering Woody's uncle, Claude, stepped out of the kitchen. \"Hey, check the door! Are the cops still here?\" ordered the old man. Woody walked to the door and looked out. \"Five-O getting his move on.\" Woody replied with a smile, before walking back over to his uncle. \"What you got for me, uncle Claude?\" Woody's uncle smirked before pulling out a CD case from pocked of his apron. \"David banner. Bootleg.\" Woody took the CD hold it in his hands like Gollum did the ring in the movie Lord of the Rings . I almost half expected him to say My Precious. \"Don't get too krunk out there. First sign of the police, I'm gonna pull the plug. I don't wanna get a fine, and you don't wanna get another ticket.\" Claude warned his nephew with a raise of his wrinkled and accusing finger. Woody nodded in understanding but by the look on his face; worrying about getting a ticket was the last thing on his mind. \"You got a ticket for dancing?\" Ren practically shouted, staring at Woody like he spontaneously sprouted a third head. Etta was the one to answer his question. \"He got two tickets for dancing, one more and he's off the team.\" She said holding up two finger to Woody for emphases. But her boyfriend just smirked and headed for the door. As everyone followed Woody outside I waited with Ren as he ordered himself a drink. \"So, are you ready to be amazed?\" I asked. He turned to me with her brow arched in suspicion. \"What you mean? It's just a drive-in.\" He asked. I laughed out loud at is his response, when I got my laughing under control I smiled at him. \"You've been in the city for way too long. C'mon!\" I said motioning to the door and leading the way out. Outside the middle of the drive in had been cleared out. The cars lining the space in a huge circle illuminated the space the dancing teensiest the middle. Everyone was dancing to the music blasting from the Snack Bar speakers and the Speaker boxes all around the driving in lot. \"Whoa.\" Ren muttered. \"I told you. C'mon let's get closer.\" I said reaching for his and leading him towards the fun. Finding the others gathered around some random car we walked over to them and watched the dancing people. Woody was in the middle of the drive in, dancing and looping around with his crew of dancers. \"Go Woody!\" I cheered from my spot between the girls. I stood and watched for about a minutes before deciding it was time to dance. Shrugging out of my jacked I turned to Rusty. \"Watch this for me?\" I asked. \"Sure.\" She replied taking it in her hands. With a smile I slipped back over to Ren. \"Okay, now it's time to show me what you got!\" I shouted before running out into the Thule of the crowd and started dancing. Once I was in the crowd I cut loose and let the music take me. I moved body with the beat, popping my hips, rotating them to the rhythm. Ren's POV I watched as Sammy ran off in to the crowd to dance, and man could she dance. Her feet moved with the beat and her hips swayed with the rhythm. She moved her body in all the ways she could and it attracted attention. She was rotating her hips when's some dude came up and started dancing with her. And as I watch them dance I couldn't help but feel jealous of the guy that was dancing with her. However I didn't get to be jealous for long before pulled out to dance myself. Etta, Woody's girlfriend, stood from beside me and took my hand in hers. \"Hey, you, c'mon let's dance.\" she said pulling me to my feet. Complying with her I followed her onto the makeshift dance floor. We weren't dancing for long before Woody came up to me and was pulling my jacket off. \"Me and my boys are gonna push everyone back. Let me see you do that city boy thing.\" He said then walked away. Glancing around at all the people watching me; I spotted Sammy leaning against a car and decided it was time to show off and impress the girl. Samantha's POV Woody was pulling Ren's leather jacket off. \"Me and my boys are gonna push everyone back. Let me see you do that city boy thing.\" Ren jumped, twisted, skid, and loped around the circle like he had been waiting for this since the moment he got into town. He pulled out all his best tricks and moves as gliding on the asphalt, mixing his dancing style with gymnastics. At one point he climbed up onto a parked big four-wheel truck kicking off it and doing a back flip off the side; setting off the alarm. I laughed as the owner of the truck, a big man both in width and height, came out from behind the truck and clicked off the alarm; glaring Ren down. Ren raised his arms in surrender before moving way and started dancing again. I looked away from Ren to glance around the drive in. From my spot leaning on the car I could spot Etta and Rusty dancing together which meant Willard was still sitting against Ren's car. Woody was dancing and battling with his friends. I couldn't see Derek but I'm sure he was lost in the crowd; either dancing by himself or with someone else. I was snapped back to attention when Ren came dancing over until he was standing right between my legs, knocking his knees with mine. Looking up into his eyes I smiled. \"So are you amazed yet?\" I asked him. \"I'd have to be truthful and say yeah. Yeah I am.\" He answered. \"I saw what you did with the truck. The kick off backflip. Pretty Impressive.\" I said motioning behind him to the big blue truck with an appreciative nod. \"Well you know, I try. I always try to put on a little more for the ladies.\" He said with a flirtatious wink. \"Wow watch out people we got a badass over here.\" I say trying not to laugh. He smirked. \"I wouldn't use the word badass but it's pretty close to my level of awesome so I guess it works.\" he replied with that cocky look. \"He's modest too.\" I smiled amused. \"Let's dance.\" He says before grabbing my hand and pulling me into the crowd. He spun me around causing me to laugh. As I turned my back to him I felt his hands slid down my waist and down to my hips holding them firmly but gentle. He pulls at my hips until my back meets his chest. We stood dancing like that, grinding to the beat. I moved and twisted my hips gently against his. It wasn't anything like in the movie Dirty Dancing with Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Gray, but it was still close enough to be hot. Smirking I turned and laced my arms around his neck, pulled him closer to my body as we danced. Everything was fine and I was having a great time dancing with Ren before I caught something happening over Ren shoulder that instantly ruined my mood. \"What the?\" I gasped shocked by the scene happening before my eyes. Out in the crowed not too far away from where we were I saw Derek dancing. Now that isn't so strange since he's a dancer and has been dancing ever since he could walk. No, what was shocking was that Derek was dancing with Ariel Moore. Ariel Freaking Moore! Now normally I wouldn't think anything of his asking her to dance since I know that he's liked since grade school. It's his life I don't care. If dancing with Ariel makes him happy then dance on. What does bug me is when Ariel shamelessly leads him on! He's dancing with her thinking he has a chance; Ariel's attention is focused of her douche bag boyfriend across the parking lot who, by the way, has his attention set on something else. On what you ask? On my ass. I guess I wasn't the only one to notice because Derek suddenly brakes off from Ariel and walks away from her. Leaving her standing alone in the middle crowd of dancing teens shouting after him. The music broke off suddenly bringing the party to a screeching halt and Claude's voice came over the PA system. \"Attention! Would Ariel please come up to the diner? Your daddy's here for you.\" His voice rang then the PA shut off. I removed my hands from around Ren's neck sliding them down to rest on his chest and watch the preacher's daughter as she looked to chuck for help. All the ass did was smile and shook his head at her. Ren kept his hands where they were on my hips but took a step back so we weren't hip to hip as he turned and watched Ariel made her way up to the Snack Bar. Everyone else at the Drive In turned to see the ever-intimidating town Reverend standing in the Diner's doorway stare down his daughter in disappointment. \"Show's over.\" She said with a forced smile when she walked by us. \"Daddy gonna take her out to the woodshed.\" Willard whispered from where he stopped beside us. \"What the hell does that mean?\" Ren asked him. Willard opened his mouth to reply but I beat him to it. \"It means she's in deep shit.\" I answered for him. \"Oh.\" Ren muttered as we watch father and daughter argue before walking away. \"What a way to end a party huh?\" I asked looking up at Ren. \"There could have been better ways.\" He said turning and looking down at me. \"Like what?\" I asked, brow arched. \"Wet t-shirt contest.\" \"You perv.\" I laughed smacking him in the chest. Looking at everyone else I asked. \"Alright guys, who wants to go back to watching the movie Grease ?\" \"NOBODY!\" So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time![Chapter 5] DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN ARE MY OC'S. As always, sorry for any mistakes I made in this chapter but I hope you enjoy. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! Ren's POV It was on a hot Friday afternoon that I was under the hotter than hell sun working in the cotton cages fixing up the busted fences. I was tightening one of the bolts when I heard someone calling my name. \"Yo Ren, you got a visitor!\" Ryan, another employee that works at the Beamus Mill, yelled out to me. Wiping my brow clean of sweat I look over my shoulder, squinting at the sun in my eye, at the older brunette man. \"Who is it?\" I ask confused, I don't remember any of the guys saying they were gonna stop by my work to harass me. As an answer Ryan shoots me the biggest smug shit-eating grin and motions his head to the side of the cage. \"It's the wild child. I didn't know you were hitting that, you into sloppy second huh? He you think when you're done with her you can point her in my direction?\" the lanky man laughed. \"What the hell?\" ignoring his questions I crawl over to the side of the cage to see for myself who my 'visitor' is since Ryan was being a cryptic asshole. Looking down I'm meet the sight of Sammy's heated glare in Ryan's direction. With a sarcastic grin Sammy snaps back. \"Real funny Ryan, why don't you sit on this and twist?\" Sammy asks as she flips Ryan the Bird with a smile. Ryan doesn't respond just gives the angry girl a wink as he turns around and disappears back inside the building. Dropping her hand to her side she turns and looks up at me with an arched brow. \"He's a bit of an asshole, ain't he?\" \"Who, Ryan? Yeah he can be a dick.\" I reply leaning my forearms on the railing and smiling down at her. She smiles back with an agreeing nod of her head. \"Hm... Anyway what's up homeboy?\" Sammy asked sliding her hands in to the back pockets of her shorts. The question was so random after the scene I just witnessed that I just could help laughing. \"Ah well you know just here working making an honest man out of myself.\" I replied gesturing to the general area around us. Playing along she looks around us, taking in the area with an interested nod. \"You don't say. It sounds soul wrenchingly boring. What are you even doing anyways?\" She asked meeting my eyes again with a curious gaze. \"I'm fixing the cages.\" I said with an easy shrug. \"Yup, defiantly boring.\" She laughs. \"Hey, help me up. My necks killing me looking at you at this angle.\" She says then holds out both hands to me expectantly. \"You want to come up in here? You know there's cotton in here right.\" \"Uh yeah I kind of got that.\" Sammy answered, smiling waving her hands back and forth at him. \"You know there's cotton and pointy little stickers in here right? \"Are you gonna help me or not?\" Sammy asked, crossing her arms and jutting out hip. \"Alright fine but if you get stickers stuck on your butt just remember I told you so.\" I sighed down at her with mock exasperation then lean over and grabbed a firm hold of her hands. \"You know Ren you're almost as funny as your buddy Ryan.\" She said with a smirk as I pulled her up the side of the cage. \"Is that your way of calling me a dick?\" I asked as I brought her up to the railing. With a teasing smile on her pretty full lips she leans in close to just a breaths length away. \"I'll let you interpret that however you want.\" She said with a saucy wink. \"And since you're so worried about my butt and the threat the stickers has on it I'll just sit on your lap to avoid the danger all together.\" Samantha's POV Ren was quiet after my sentence before giving a mock growl and snapping his teeth close to my lips. \"Tease.\" He replied and I couldn't help myself, I started laughing. I was still laughing as I climbed up and swung my leg over the rail sitting on it once I was up there. Once I had calmed down I noticed that Ren had gone back to messing around with the busted fence he was trying to fix. \"So... what brings you here? Not that I'm not enjoying your company and all.\" I scoffed and shake my head at him. \"Unbelievable… \" I muttered. \"You love my company. In any case, I was in the neighborhood.\" \"Hm... right, I believe that.\" Ren sarcastically replies. \"You don't believe me?\" I asked, brow arched. When I got a shake of the head I said. \"And why not?\" I asked as I stood up and moved over on the railing so that I was sitting next to him, so I could see his face as he talked instead of his back. \"You think I'm stalking you or something?\" \"Yeah, actually, I do.\" He replied putting down whatever tool he had in his hand and leaning towards me again with a smirk on his face trying to call my bluff. \"Don't flatter yourself, city boy.\" I retort with a smirk, giving him a mock slap on the cheek. \"You know you're always calling me that, City Boy. And I'm starting to think that the reason you do is because secretly you envy me.\" Ren gave me a smirk. \"Excuse me?\" I looked at him. \"It's okay to admit it, Samantha, I won't think less of you. In fact I think I'll take you to the city one of these days. Show you what it's like.\" he commented smirking at me in the process. I just stared at him. He was flirting with me! \"Uh huh and is that your roundabout way of asking me out on a date?\" I find myself smiling as I asked. \"In a roundabout way, maybe.\" he replied, a grin and a wink flashed in my direction. I shook my head. This boy thought he was so smooth. \"Well, in a roundabout way, I accept.\" \"Good.\" Ren replies so smugly and so confident that I can't help the laugh that tumbled through my lips. \"But anyways, back to the topic, I was actually in the neighborhood. I was dropping something off to Andy. From my grandma, in case you were wondering.\" I commented, shifting in my seat to get comfortable. \"From your grandmother?\" \"Yeah, they're dating.\" \"How weird is that?\" Ren asked. \"Not that much actually.\" I grinned. \"They met through me when I use to work here at the mill.\" \"Really? Shut up, you use to work here?\" he asked with a curious brow. \"I did. I worked mostly inside, using the machinery and fixing it when it broke down, not out here, mending fences and developing a framers tan.\" I taunted him, teasing him about his current situation. \"Cute. You're cute.\" Ren deadpans, face blank and serious, rolling up his sleeves and showing off said framers tan out of spite. \"Thanks. It's nice to know that you think I'm cute.\" I told him. \"But yeah I worked here from freshmen year up to the summer of my junior year when I quit and started baby-sitting your cousins for your aunt and uncle. And honestly my job now is so much better and way more fun. You're cousins are awesome by the way. They're so sassy and spunky! And they can dance too, you know with a little help from yours truly.\" \"You taught them how to dance?\" \"Sometimes, when we run out of games to play or movies to watch, I teach them I few moves. Nothing special but they love it.\" I shrug. \"So I guess is if I ever see Amy and Sarah dancing around imitating headless chickens, I have you to thank?\" Ren said so casually, like he was talking about the weather, that it took me a few seconds to process the words. When his words finally sunked in I go to retort but any words I was going to say die on my lips when the same guy that showed me to Ren walks over to us. Stopping halfway towards, Ryan graces us with the slimiest creepiest smile I've ever had the displeasure of receiving. \"Well aren't you Mr. Popular? Hey Ren let me ask you a question; between Samantha and Ariel who better in the sack? Personally I'm willing to bet that Samantha is what with all her practice and experience.\" Ryan spoke leering at me the whole time. \"You dickwad!\" I snap back not missing a beat but the jerk Ryan just starts laughing his head off, turning and going back inside. After the jerk-off left Ren and I moved over to where we heard the sound of approaching footsteps. \"Ariel, what are you doing here?\" Ren asks from beside me. \"Were you just in the neighborhood, too?\" I ask, glancing sideways at Ren with a smirk, nudging him in the side. \"What?\" Ariel asked with clear confusion on her face. \"Nothing... inside joke. Where's Chuck? He let you off his leash?\" I muse as I smile down at her. The look in her eyes and the sound of her voice when she spoke showed her frustration. \"Oh. Ha. Ha. You're hilarious.\" Ariel drawls with a sarcastic smile on her lips. \"I try.\" I grin. Rolling her pretty eyes at me she towards Ren ignoring my presence completely. \"Chuck Cranston wants to see you at his daddy's racetrack tomorrow. At 2 O'clock, and bring your friends.\" \"Why?\" I asked, interested in why Chuck wanted an audience with Ren, or any of us, of all people. \"Wouldn't you like to know?\" she replied happily. \"That's why I'm asking.\" I replied with a fake sugary sweet smile on my face, cocking my head to the side, curbing the urge to roll my eyes at her. \"Okay, what happens at two o'clock?\" Ren cuts in, stopping a potential cat fight. \"Come and find out.\" Ariel told him getting ready to leave when Ren next question stopped her. \"How come he sent you to tell me?\" Ren asks. \"He didn't send me, I volunteered.\" Ariel replied mater-of-factly then turned on her heel and strutted away, an obvious sway in her hips as she went. I wasn't going to say anything, but i didn't want her to have the last word either so I mockingly threw in my response. \"Woof!\" I say to her retreating figure. \"What was that?\" Ren asked, turning to look at me. \"What was what?\" I shot back innocently. \"Don't play dumb.\" He replied. \"It's really nothing. Silly girl stuff.\" I tell him trying to shrug the whole thing off but he was not having it. \"Really?\" Ren asks giving me the 'Do-you-really-think-you're-fooling-me' look. Sighing in resignation I give him the short and sweet version of Ariel and I's situation. \"No, not really. We just don't get along. We're mad at each other. I'm mad at her trying to be something she's not and she's mad at me for not accepting the fake her.\" I told him. \"We use to be friends a few years ago. She didn't have this Hell-on-Heels attitude back then but when her brother passed away she started pretending she was something she's not. For a while she blew off her friends and started rumors about me behind my back.\" \"Wow.\" \"Yup... like I said, silly girl stuff.\" The Race Track. \"So... why are we here again?\" Willard asked, shutting the passenger door to Derek's truck. \"Hell if I know.\" I said as jumped out the back seat and slammed the door behind me. \"All I know is that Ariel said two o'clock at the race track. Beyond that it's anyone's guess.\" My cousin scoffed \"If that shithog tries anything, I'm gonna pound him.\" Willard threatened, threading his hand with Rusty when she came around the truck and slipped her hand into his. \"No fighting, Willard.\" Rusty's stern voice ordered. \"No promises, Rusty.\" Willard retorted. \"If you don't stop talking, I'm gonna pound your face in myself, Willard.\" I said as we all made our way to the entrance of the stadium where Ariel, Chuck and the rest of his posse were waiting. When we made it down to the track Chuck and all his buddies were smoking it up by his truck. Ren, Woody Etta Willard Rusty Derek and I were all on down on the other side of the dirt track while Chuck's was on the other. The whole thing kind of made me feel like I was in some kind of western standoff. And I forgot my gun at home. \"You guys, keep the smoke away from her now. Her daddy smells that, he'll never let her hang out again.\" I heard Chuck ordered one of his friends that was smoking a joint next to Ariel, who was waving the smoke away from herself. \"High school field trip's here.\" Some blonde girl announced from where she was sitting, leaning on a tractor. \"Twinkle toes.\" greeted Chuck as he threw down the end of his doobie and I rolled my eyes, \"Watching you dance the other night that was real entertaining.\" He looked at me and began undressing me with his eyes. \"Especially you, Samantha. Watching your body move was... very nice.\" \"Bite me, jerkoff.\" I replied then flipped him the bird when he winked at me. \"Maybe later, Sweetheart.\" Chuck laughed giving me the up and down look, before addressing Ren. \"We thought we'd invite you out here. Maybe you'd put on a show for us.\" He slurred slightly obviously a result to whatever the hell he was smoking not 5 minutes ago. \"Chuck, didn't you hear? He's into gymnastics.\" Russell told him, taking another hit from his blunt. \"Gymnastics? I thought only fags were into gymnastics.\" Chuck asked Ren with a look of fake confusion on his face. \"I thought only assholes still used the word 'Fag'.\" Topped Ren and I couldn't help but smile as Chuck's friends 'oohed' at him. \"Touché.\" Chuck chuckled \"Why don't you try dancing with this?\" Chuck asked, jumping down from his truck and climbing to the seat of the tractor parked next to it. Taking a seat and turning it on, he stares straight at Ren, eyes glaring smugly as he shifts the machine in gear and drove the tracker right towards Ren. \"What the hell, Chuck?!\" I shouted over the noise backing up when Derek grabbed onto my shoulder and pulled us away. Still driving towards Ren, Chuck hit another lever that lifted the loader up off the ground and into the air, right at eye level with his face. But Ren didn't move he just squared his shoulders and stood there as the tractor got closer and closer. \"Stop dicking around, asshole!\" I heard Willard yell, worried about our friend just as I was. But if Chuck had heard him he didn't give any indication as he drove right up to Ren, the loader mere inches from his face before he turned the wheel to the left and drove past Ren instead. Parking the tractors and turning it off he jumped down and pointed off in the distance at so tricked out school buses. \"Now, we race these buses every weekend at the Derby Mash-up. We race them in a figure eight, you can see the tracks.\" Chuck explained squatting down to the dirt to draw exactly what he was talking about. \"Two things you have to worry about. Your corners and your intersection. You fall behind, you're gonna get hit by the leader, but if you try to pull ahead, you might get slammed by the guy in last place.\" He finished, looking up at Ren. \"What do you say, city boy? Ready to race?\" \"Yeah, I'll race.\" Ren told him causing Chuck to smirk. \"Well alright. Let's go get ready.\" Chuck said then stood up and headed towards the buses to pick his ride, Ariel and his posse following him. \"Ren, you don't have to do this just cause of Chuck. This is stupid.\" I muttered softly. \"And don't forget dangerous.\" Rusty added. \"I know I don't have to but if I don't he'll just keep messing with us if we don't play along.\" \"This is gonna end so badly.\" I groaned. \"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Sammy.\" Ren deadpanned. \"Look you guys go wait up in the stands and I'll go pick out a bus, okay? Wish me luck?\" Ren asked, meeting my eyes with a cheeky little smile on his face. He was trying to be cute. \"I'm not gonna kiss you.\" I told him then wrapped my arms around him and pulled him to me in a hug. \"Good luck.\" I whispered into his ear, pulled back and placed my lips to his cheek in a brief chaste kiss. \"I tought you said you weren't gonna kiss me... Thanks Sammy.\" Ren said. \"You're welcome.\" I grinned released him and stepped away from him completely. \"Now go get them, City Boy.\" I teased him pushing him in the direction of the buses before turning and grabbing the girls and leading them to the stands as the guys followed Ren. As we walked Rusty and Etta started giggling and teasing, both reenacting what I said to Ren. \"Wish me luck?\" Rusty said making her voice deep like a guys would be. Etta playing the part as me said the next line .\" \"I'm not gonna kiss you.\" she said, making her voice sound slightly higher than her own, imitating me. \"Good luck.\" Etta said goofing clinging on to Rusty and jokingly placing a sloppy kiss on Rusty's cheek.\" Now go get them, City Boy.\" \"Real funny guys. Really mature.\" I drawled and they bust into hysterics. A while later the guys rejoined us, sans Ren, and the race began. \"How do, all you Pissants? Welcome to the Cranston Motor Speedway! Looks like a lovely day for a bus racing competition, we've got one lap before the green flag drops, folks. It's a three-lap race to the finish line, or the last man standing. Lady and Gentlemen, start your engines! Let's go! On the outside, we've got the new kid, racing in the FunZone, Ren MacCormack.\" One of Chuck's friends announced. \"Woo go Ren!\" I yelled from the stands. \"GO FUNZONE!\" Willard hollered from beside me doing a bad impersonation of a cheerleader. Then out of nowhere Ariel, who's in the pickup driving in front of the racers, is stripping off her green blouse leaving her in nothing but her pink bra, and starts using it as a makeshift starting flag. She then waved the flag back and forth signaling the start of the race. My heart jumped in my throat as right away that crazy bitch Caroline slams Ren's bus. She keeps on Ren, smashing and smashing away in to the side of his bus. She was about to slam into him again when at the last minute Ren hits the breaks causing Caroline to speed past him and go crashing straight into a dirt mound. A relieved smile stretches across my face as Caroline's bus was now out for the count. \"Russell and MacCormack are duking it out for second place.\" Russell the imbecile that he is also gets bumped out of the race. \"We got fireworks! God bless America!\" the guy yelled as the back of the FunZone suddenly burst into flames. \"Chuck Cranston holds the lead with one lap to go!\" Rich narrated from the PA system, \"Oh, we've got use a regular Mexican standoff, folks.\" It took me a moment to realize what he meant, until I noticed Ren and Chuck playing chicken towards the intersection. Neither of them stopping only pushing their busses faster until Chuck turned into the intersection first only to have Ren slam into the side of Chuck's bus sending the thing tipping over and crashing onto its side. With Chuck's bus out of the way Ren took the lead. \"MacCormack takes the lead! Yeah!\" the announcer hollers over the mic. \"Fire!\" \"Guys, Fire! He's on fire!\" Etta yells at the guys pointing at Ren's bus driving around the track with the back end on fire. As Ren rounded the track and was driving towards the stands when he stuck his head out the bus door. \"I got no brakes!\" Ren yelled as he passed by us. \"Run! Hurry!\" Etta yelled Willard, Woody, and Derek started rushing with the fire extinguisher then one by one jump onto the burning death trap, and Rusty was screaming for them to hurry. We watched anxiously as Ren lost his brakes and the boys ran after him. Willard, Derek and Woody disappeared inside the bus. I don't know what they were doing in there but the bus wasn't stopping. If anything the bus went faster heading straight for Chuck's turned over bus. \"Oh my god.\" I breathed, covering my mouth. I watch in shock as the two came closer and closer. Then as the bus headed closer to the other Willard, Woody, Derek and Ren all ran out of the bus. I whooped in relief as I saw all four of my boys jump out of the bus, each jumping out and landing with a rough thud on the ground. When they caught sight of the bus, all of Chuck's gang scattered away from the bus. And BOOM, Ren's bus smashed into Chuck's, causing an explosion of fire. And somehow through the danger and seriousness of the matter, I smiled. The bus freaking exploded! I'm in awe. \"Girls c'mon!\" I yelled grabbing Rusty and Etta running down the stairs and towards the guys. As we got closer I could hear Willard's voice. \"The wheels on the bus go boom, boom, boom! Yes, sir! Get some! Fire it up!\" \"Shut up you, idiot!\" I yell at him. Etta and Rusty broke off from me and ran to their respective boyfriends. Slowing down to a jog I stop first by Derek making sure he's okay. Crouching down to his level I hold up three fingers to his face. \"Derek, how many fingers am I holding up?\" I ask in my best doctor impersonation. Derek don't answer but instead he gives me a look that says 'really-why-am-I-friends-with-you?' and slaps my hand out of his face. \"I'm fine, my ass just hurts from the landing that's all.\" He says pushing himself to his feet to stand. Standing with him I place both hands on his shoulders and look him straight in the eye. \"You want me to kiss it better for you?\" I ask in mock seriousness finally getting my long time friend to crack a smile. Rolling his eyes Derek grabs my wrists in his hands pulling them away from his body. \"Really? I'm fine. Thanks for your concern, but why don't you go check on city boy, huh? I know you're just dying to kiss his boo-boos away.\" He says wiggling his eyebrows at me suggestively. \"Pssh, you're delusional.\" I scoff pushing him over. \"Am I wrong though?\" Derek asked as he caught himself. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" I said to him, cracked him a huge wink that he mirrored in return. Patting his shoulder one last time I get to my feet and look around for Ren. When I spot him he is standing a few feet away, hands on his hips, staring at the destruction of the two busses. \"Hey, Evel Knievel!\" I yelled, running towards him and when I reached him, jumped up and on his back. \"You're crazy, City Boy. Do you make it a habit of crashing into busses and destroying them?\" By instinct he grabbed my thighs, hopping a little to reposition me on his back. \"What are you talking about? I had everything planned out.\" Ren replied with the biggest shit eatting grin on his face. \"You're crazy.\" I mumbled shaking my head at him then turning away and rested my chin on his shoulder watching Chuck and his friends run around the burning bus. \"You like it.\" Ren teased bouncing me. \"Well it don't suck.\" I said leaning my head on his. So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time![Chapter 6] DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN ARE MY OC'S. I'm not really happy with this chapter but I just wanted to get something up. Hope it didn't suck to bad. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! The weekend was over and it was time for school. It was time for 7th period and I was making my way to my locker with Rusty by my side. She had history next and my locker was in the same direction of her class. I had study hall today so I was stopping by my locker to grab my homework from other classes before heading over to the library. \"So how was English?\" I asked as we weaved through the flow of traffic. \"Oh it was torture. Ms .White has us reading Hamlet.\" \"Eww, I hate that book... To be or not to b-\" \"Oh hush up you!\" Rusty cuts me off with a smack to the arm. \"I couldn't resist. What part of the story are you on?\" I asked. \"On the part where he puts on the play for his uncle.\" \"Well at least you're past all the boring stuff.\" I said as we reached my locker. \"True. Well I'm off, I'll see you 8th period.\" \"Yeah, okay. Bye, Rusty.\" \"Bye!\" She replies before turning and disappearing in the crowd. With a last wave at Rusty I turn back to my locker put in my combination and grab my books. Slamming my locker shut and was on my way. The bell had just rang when I walked into the library. Walking in further I was called over by some friends that happened to be there. \"Sammy! C 'mere a minute.\" Amy called waving me over to her table where she and three other girls sat. In the seat next to Amber was her twin sister Amanda. Two are identical as far as facial appearances went but the big difference between them is that Amber is a blonde and Amanda is a redhead. On Amber's other side was Rachel she was sitting in the middle of the table so she had to review everyone walking in and out of the library she was probably the one that spotted me first. And last but not least was Michelle, the pretty half Asian girl with long black hair. \"Hey guys, what's up?\" I greeted walking over to the girls. \"So, is it true?\" Michelle asked looking at me expectedly. I stared at her, \"Is what true?\" I asked confused. \"True that the city boy beat Chuck Cranston in a bus race this weekend?\" Amanda clarified. \"How could you guys possibly know about that?\" I asked looking around the table. Amber scoffed, \"Sammy you know as well as anyone that nothing stays secret in a small town.\" She said looking at me like I was dumb. \"So let's have it, is it true or just hearsay?\" I grinned, \"Sorry guys but I don't kiss and tell.\" I told them with a shrug of the shoulders. \"Come on Sammy! You're his friend aren't you? You were there weren't you? You would be the one to know what happened.\" Rachel said impatiently. \"Exactly I'm his friend so I'm not going to say anything.\" I told her. \"Besides it sounds like you guys know all the information anyway. All I'm going to be doing is repeating what you've already heard.\" \"You're such a buzz kill, Sammy.\" Amber said looking unhappy that you didn't get her way. \"I think I'll live.\" I replied with a smirk. \"Speaking of the city boy...\" Rachel started waiting until I looked at her to continue. \"He's looking over here right now and I don't think it's us he's looking at.\" Confused I asked, \"What?\" \"Look for yourself.\" Sarah teases nodding her head behind me. Cocking my brow at her I look over my shoulder my eyes immediately found what Rachel was talking about. There at one of the tables was the one and only city boy. He already had a stack of books on the table working on some assignment. And I count help but notice that he was in fact staring in our direction. As our eyes met he gave me a smirk, which I was only too happy to returned with a wink. Turning away from him I turned back to the girls. \"He is staring over here, isn't he? I'm gonna go ask him what he's looking at. Don't wait up.\" I tell then saying a quick goodbye and make my way to Ren's table. As I walked away I could hear the fierce whispers of gossip begin. I took the chair right next to his and slid in next to him, deliberately bumping elbows causing him to scratch a line across his paper reaching from one end to the other. He looked down at his paper saw the line and sighed dropping his head and sighed dramatically. \"Hello...\" Ren said, picking his head back up and looking at me. I grinned, \"Hey yourself, handsome. Now, I know you've heard this before but, do you come here often?\" I asked wiggling my eyebrow suggestively. Ren smiles and starts laughing. I grin, \"'Cause I come here quite often and let me tell you I've never seen you here once.\" I tease laughing with him. \"Does that line ever work?\" He asks once he stops laughing. \"I don't know, you tell me. I've only ever tried it with one person.\" I told him, leaning in slightly. Leaning in to just a breath lengths away he retorts, \"It might be.\" Deciding to be a tease I lean in just a little bit more, we were so close that if I move the tiniest bit our lips would be touching. Ren stares at my lips for a second then his eyes shoot back up to mine and lock there. \"That's good to know.\" We stay like that looking at each other then with a smile I look way. Pulling away I start removing my backpack and taking out my work. When I look over and see that Ren is still staring at me, I grin. \"What is there something on my face?\" Mockingly touching around my mouth and cheeks I ask. \"You're cute.\" Is the only thing Ren said before turning back to his work. I grin, \"So what subject are you working on?\" I ask him, peering over his shoulder a bit. \"An essay for English.\" Ren replies. \"What's it about?\" I ask him. Ren goes to answer when Rich Sawyer, one of Chuck's idiot friends, sauntered toward our table. \"Hey, man. Chuck's pretty sore about losing that race.\" He laughs. \"I mean, you blew up the man's bus dude.\" He laughed, leaning both arms on the table. When Ren didn't comment Rich continued. \"Yeah... Bomont blows, dude.\" Grabbing the seat on Ren's other side. \"I don't have to tell you that, though, do I?\" he asked. \"Yeah. I've been to Chicago. St. Louis. Been up to some of the clubs in New York City. I've been around. Just like you, man.\" Rich tells him. \"Oh, yeah?\" Ren asks clearly getting tired of this guy. \"Yeah.\" Rich says. \"I'm gonna go look for a book.\" I tell them not wanting to be a part of the conversation anymore I push out my chair. \"I'll come with you. I need to find something too.\" Stands and follows behind me. Stopping in a random spot Ren leans into my ear, \"Anything to get away from that guy.\" Ren whispers in my ear causing me to laugh. \"Haha I know what you mean. That guy is shady.\" I whisper back. \"Tell me about it.\" Ren retorts his warm breath on my ear before he turns and starts looking for a book. I didn't really need a book; I had just said that as an excuse to get away from whatever his name was. So deciding to help Ren find his book I walk over and snatch his paper out of his hand and start looking over the titles of book listed on it. \"Psst. Hey.\" Someone called behind us. Tuning I see Rich with his face stuffed between the books in the shelf. \"You get high? Cause I do... every damn day. If you want, you, me and Ms. Sexy Thing right here can go burn one right after school.\" He nodded at us Ren steps in front of me blocking me from Rich's view. \"You know, city mouse, country mouse... Blazing!\" \"More like a rat.\" I muttered softly. \"What makes you think I'm anything like you?\" Ren asks looking at Rich like he was insane for even comparing them to each other. He laughs, \"Hold on a second.\" He disappears. \"C'mon.\" Ren says grabbing my hand leading us out to the main room. A whistle from behind stops us. Placing me behind him again Ren turns to the Rich. \"This is what we call a take-homer.\" He says walking right up to Ren and slipping a joint in his hoodie pocket. \"You need anything else?\" \"I don't want this.\" Quickly pulling the joint out of his pocket and trying force it back into the guys hand but he didn't take it. \"It's cool. It's cool.\" He says starts walking away. \"No, it's not cool. Take this...\" Ren tells him following behind him. \"We can go down to the railroad tracks and chief one now.\" Rich continued to ignore him. \"No seriously, takes this.\" Ren pulled him to a stop and shoved the joint in Rich's face. But they're interrupted by the librarian yelling at them. \"Hey!\" He yells pointing at is and the joint in Ren's hand. \"What is that?\" \"What's what? \"Ren asks back hiding the joint behind his back. \"In your hand. Let me see it.\" The librarian told Ren. While the man was distracted, Rich started walking away going around the tables and getting closer to the exit. But he wasn't that slick cause the librarian caught him \"Young man. Hey!\" The old man yelled after Rich who took off at a dead sprint out the door. The librarian went to follow him. \"Ren, the restroom. Flush it down the toilet.\" I whispered to him Ren nodded and took off toward the restroom. But just as he ran the librarian turned about and saw him. \"Hey!\" he yelled running after Ren. Hoping to buy Ren sometime I intercepted Mr. Parker, walking into his path and forcing him to a stop making him go around me. \"Hey! Stop! Hey! Stop, stop!\" He yelled, pushing passed me and running into the boys bathroom after Ren. I waited watching the door for and sign of Ren or the librarian. I didn't have to wait long because not a minute later the restroom door swung open again with the librarian leading Ren out by the grip on his arm. I watched silently as the two walked out of the library and out into the hall heading most likely to the office. Since it was still class time I couldn't leave the library to follow after them so I was left with no choice but to return back to the table I had been sharing with Ren and wait for the dismissal bell to ring. Sitting down I noticed Ren's things were still scattered around the table, the librarian hadn't let him get his things before they left, so I started packing his things away into his backpack. I was in the library for another 15 minutes before the bell rang and I stood grabbed my backpack along with Ren's and walked out into the hall. Rusty was waiting for me outside of the library and when she spotted the second backpack she shot me a confused look. \"Who's backpack is that?\" \"It's Ren's.\" \"And Why do you have it?\" \"I have it cause that dipshit, Rich got Ren in trouble and when Mr. Parker was taking him to the principle he left it behind.\" \"Rich? Ain't that the guy that walked into class one day higher than a kite?\" \"One in the same.\" I answered accidentally bumping into someone and muttering a quick apology as I continued walking. \"So now what? You're gonna go wait for him outside the principals office to give him back his bag?\" Rusty asked. \"That was the initial plan, yes.\" I replied. \"Then I'll go with you. What are friends for if they can't wait for you while you wait from a boy you like stuck in the principles office?\" Rusty asked teasingly as she lock her arm through mine walking side by side with me. \"They're good for being a pain in the ass.\" I sassed getting a laugh in reply. \"You love me!\" Rusty sang. \"Grudgingly.\" I said in mock seriousness. We were about to turn the corner when suddenly someone crashed right into us almost knocking us over. \"Oomph... Hey, Ren, where's the fire?\" I jokingly ask when I noticed he was the one that walked into us. \"Sorry Sammy, Rusty... I gotta go.\" He says moving to walk around us but before he could latch onto his wrist. \"Hey what's wrong? What happen in Dunbar's office?\" I ask him trying to meet his eyes. \"It's nothing.\" He says tugging his wrist out of my hand. \"Bullshit.\" I say calling his bluff. He doesn't say anything just shakes his head at me and walks away from us. \"Ren!\" I shout after him but he doesn't turn around. I thought if running after him but hesitated deciding not to. Rusty must have noticed my internal debate because she spoke up. \"Go after him.\" Rusty ordered from beside me. \"What?\" I asked turning to her in confusion. She gave me a look, unwinding her arm from mine, and pushed me in the direction of Ren's retreating form. \"Go.\" I stare at her for a moment then slowly start to grin. \"Yes ma'am.\" I say then briskly walked after Ren as fast as my legs can carry me before he completely disappeared. I have to practically run to catch up with him. When I was close enough I grabbed his hoody and pulled him back hard. At the sudden tug he whipped around. When her turned he had his hand raised slightly like he was gonna punch who ever had grabbed him. But when he saw it was me he put his arm down. \"What!?\" He practically yelled at me through clench up teeth. His face clearly shows his anger and frustration but I don't back down, I stare right back at him. \"Where are you going?\" I ask him waiting for an answer but he doesn't give one, instead he asks a question of his own. \"Do you wanna get out of here?\" He asks me his eyes flicking back and forth between mine with a piercing gaze. I stare up at him just studying his face to a second before nodding. \"Let's go.\" I tell him. He nods once reaching out to grab my hand in his turning and leading me out of the school. Stepping outside he heads to the parking lot towards his car all the while still holding her hand. His grip tightening. As we're walking I noticed Ariel walking around the courtyard with Derek beside her. She was laughing at something Derek said, grabbing his arm and running her fingers through his hair. Looking up she to catch sight of Ren and I. I watched as she paused in her walking and said something to Derek before she starts running towards us. Derek staring after her with a miffed expression shakes his head to himself disappearing into the school. \"Hey, MacCormack. Samantha.\" She greets us once she's reached our side. Ren doesn't answer her so I do cause if my grandmother taught me anything it was manners. \"Hey, Ariel sorry we're in a rush.\" I say as we pass by her. Taking her eyes off Ren she snaps them to me, following after us when Ren speeds up. \"What's the rush?\" Ariel asks me trying to keep pace. Thinking fast I answer her question with the first thing that pops into my head. \"We're skipping class. We decided to get an early start on the weekend.\" Ariel gives me a disbelieving look but let's my response slid in favor of turning her gaze back to Ren. \"Really? What are you doing this weekend Ren? Cause I was thinking if you didn't have anything planned maybe we could hang out or something? Go watch a movie?\" Ariel asks. Rolling my eyes at Ariels' subtly, note sarcasm, I glance over at Ren to see what his answers was gonna be. But he didn't, he acted as if she never said anything the only indication that her heard her at all was the clenching of his jaw and his crushing grip on my hand. I raised my brow in confusion; why was he ignoring Ariel? \"Dude, you trying to ignore me or something?\" Ariel asked him, voicing my unspoken question. Ren doesn't speak until he reaches his car, where he lets go of my hand, and throws open the drivers door. \"I'm doing my best to ignore you!\" Ren snaps angrily in Ariel's face. His words stop her in place and while she's frozen Ren motions me foward and to the drivers door motioning me to climb through. I do so throwing our backpacks into the backseat and climbing in and over the middle consul settling into the passenger seat. Just as I put my seatbelt on, Ren follows after me slamming his door loudly behind him and turns the key in the ignition bringing the bug to life. Quickly backing out of the parking spot he throws the car in drive and zooms out of the school. As were speeding down the road Ren grabs his iPod, his knuckles turning white at the force he's holding the little white device with music blasts with force through the speakers. He yanks on the worn out robe above our heads and revs the engine. \"Where are we going?\" I yell over the blaring music, grabbing the oh-shit bar above my head as we swerve around a minivan. \"I don't know. I just had to get away.\" He says still speeding down the road. \"Well we can't just drive around, speeding! Well get pulled over and locked up of the night and my grandmother won't be happy if that happens again.\" I say, catching his eye when he cocks his brow at me. \"It's a long story,\" I sigh looking out the window when I notice a familiar building that I knew for a fact was abandoned, \"turn in there!\" I shout pointing to the right. Jerking the wheel he suddenly does a sharp turn into an old factory. Driving around to the back of the building he jerks the wheel again an narrowly drives through an open garage door. Screeching to a stop Ren parks. \"Are you okay?\" I ask him, cautiously watching him as he breaths heavily and raggedly through his nose. He sits there for a few moments and I jump when starts slamming his hands, palms open, on the steering wheel a few times before getting out of his car, making sure to slam his door with a loud bang on the way out. Silently I watch as he paces around for a bit then turns back to the door reaching through his open window and yanks his iPod out with him. Catch hells blues by the white stripes suddenly starts blasting through the speakers. I just sit and watch him as he starts venting insulting and pointing at invisible people. \"You got that music cranked pretty loud, Mr. MacCormack. Yeah! No shit, Barney Fife! Try being a cop in Boston, you huckleberry! Shut up! I'm talking! Mr. Dunbar. Mr. Douchebag! Mr. Dumb-Ass. With your righteousness and your little vest. Stop tying to act like you know me! Don't act like you know me. Don't try and act like you know my mother! You don't know the pain she went through every day. You don't know shit! You don't know shit!\" Ren yelled at the top of his lungs. At some point during his screaming match with himself I opened the window and unbuckled my seatbelt and climbed through perching myself on the windowsill and folded my arms on the roof of the car. Resting my chin on my forearms I watched as Ren turned up the music to as far as it would dare to go be fore he started dancing out his frustrations. He's krumping, jumping, flipping; he even starts doing his old gymnastics moves on an old rusty pole. For the next half an hour all I hear is music blasting, things crashing and banging to the floor, and Ren's shoes thumping against the ground as he dances and runs all over the old factory. At one point during he spontaneous dance montage he jumps up into the roof of his car and starts ballerina spinning until he looses his footing and crashes to the bottom of a dumping pit in the factory. Landing on broken crates, glass, cardboard boxes and who knows what-else. After that he climbs out of the pit and opens the trunk of his car popping open a beer and taking a sip before throwing it across the room and going right back to dancing. He runs up to the second floor and disappears from view and hear what I think is a window breaking before I see him again. I watch him and almost have a heart attack when I see him find a chain connected to a pulley system on the ceiling and does like Tarzan swinging from it like a vine. \"Whoo!\" \"Ren! What the hell!?\" I yelled climbing off my perch and run around the car all the while my eyes are glued to Ren's swinging form 15ft off the ground. When the pulley reached the end of its rail track it gave a violent jerking stop causing the slip off the pulley that caused Ren and the chain to fall to crash to the ground. \"Oh my god, Ren!\" I gasp running over to his fallen form. \"Are you okay?\" I ask falling to my knees by him and making sure he wasn't hurt. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Ren groaned rolling over onto his back; he laid there for a minute trying to get his breathe back. \"I'm great.\" \"You're also stupid.\" \"Yeah.\" He mumbles closing his eyes and throwing his arm over his face. With a sigh I stretch leaning over him; placing a hand on each side of his head looking down at him. I stay like that until he moves his arm away and stares up at me. We stay like that looking at each other in silence until finally I break it. \"You want to get out of here? I wanna show you something.\" I ask with a smile tilting my head slightly. He's quiet, staring at me contemplating my words until finally nods his head. \"Great! Now, get up. And this time I'm driving.\" I tell him pulling away from him and getting to my feet. \"Why do you need to drive?\" He asks. oOoOoOoOo \"Where are we?\" Ren asked as he took in the surroundings of the train yard. \"The yearbook.\" I answer him, heading in the direction of the graffitied train cart. \"The what?\" Ren asks from behind me. \"Everyone calls it the year book. I don't know when it started, maybe 10 years ago? The story is a couple of seniors came here one day, skipping class or whatever, and started tagging on the walls and it just went on from there.\" I explain as we reach the cart, climbing the stairs leading up into the train cart. Ren enters after me taking in all the art scribbled over every inch of the inside. \"What is all this?\" Ren asks eyes still glancing around. \"Quotes. Poems. Drawings. Song Lyrics and whatever else people decided to put down.\" I answer while looking do a lighter to light a camping lanterns someone left behind. After successfully finding one and lighting the place I place it on one of the make shift tables where I find the portable cassette player. Looking at the tape that was already inside the recorder I scoff and take it out throwing it somewhere on the table. Reaching into my pocket I pull out one of my own tapes placing it into the player. \"What do people do here? Just hang out?\" Falling onto the couch,which really were the backseats of a pickup truck, someone left there situated against the wall. \"Yeah, and other stuff. Friends of mine, and myself included, come here to relax; we drink, smoke,\" I pause pushing play on the recorder, \"listen and dance to music we're not suppose to listen to.\" I tell him, Tom Sawyer by Rush playing through the air. Leaving the tape recorder where it was I turn up the volume as far as it would go before turning and making my way over to the couch and plopping down next to Ren. \"Those two are mine. 'When life gives a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.' And 'What we do in life, echoes in eternity.'\" I said raising my arm and pointing out each quote to him. \"What inspired that?\" Ren asks as he passes me one of the beers he brought with him. \"A couple of things did actually.\" I said popping open my can and taking a drink from it. \"Really? I'd love to hear them.\" Ren said as he settled into his spot. \"I'll show you mine, if you show me yours.\" I tell him with a grin, playfully nudging him with my elbow. \"What do you mean?\" Ren asks looking at me and arching his brow. \"What happen in principle Dunbar's office today?\" I ask him in all seriousness. \"Nothing. I just got in trouble for the joint, well almost got in trouble. He gave me a speech, the normal stuff.\" He said shrugging his shoulder like the whole thing was no big deal. \"Really?\" I ask giving him my best bullshit look. When he nods I continue. \"Ren, if it was a normal scolding you wouldn't have been as pissed as you we're this after noon. How dumb do you think I am?\" \"I never said that. I don't think you're dumb at all.\" \"Good answer. Now, come on, tell me what happened.\" I say encouragingly, urging him to share with me. I wanted him to trust me and let me help him emotionally get everything off his chest and off his mind. Sitting the next to me, he looked so exhausted. Like he's carrying the weight of the world with him. \"While he was ripping into me trying to get me to snitch he brought up my mom. A few months ago my mom passed away; she had leukemia. She was sick for a long time, my bad left us and I was the one there with her through the whole thing I was with her through all her doctor visits, all the hospital bills, chemotherapy, and I was there when the doctor told her the cancer came back. And today, Dunbar had the balls to bring up my mom and say that she was a trouble maker that moved away and got knocked up cause she didn't follow the rules and was reckless.\" Ren snapped glare firmly fixated on his beer can. \"Sorry about your mom, Ren.\" I said softly after a moment of silence staring at his profile. \"It's alright. It doesn't hurt as much now to talk about it.\" He told me turning towards me and offering a weak smile. \"It's your turn.\" \"Already? Where do I start? Well I guess since we're on the topic of mothers I'll start there. Granted to the world somewhere out there my mother is very much alive but to me she might as well be dead. According to my grandmother, my mom was a party animal. She was always out all night partying and wasn't back home until the sun came up. She also wasn't the best judge in character, she got mixed with the wrong people; drinking, smoking, doing drugs and sleeping around. My mom fooled around with a lot of different people men, women she didn't care who she shared her bed with she was just looking for a great time. And that's how she had me; I'm the result of a drug induced alcohol blurred one night stand. Mom got knocked up and after nine months as soon as she could leave the hospital she hopped in her car, drove all the way down here and left me on my grandmothers porch before disappearing again from Bomont for good. And because of her actions and the way she decided to live her life everyone in this godforsaken town has got it in their minds that I'm gonna end up just like her.\" \"I'm sorry, Sammy.\" Ren apologizes but I ignore it. I didn't want sympathy right now. \"I hate this town. I hate these faces and these people that always turn in my direction and whisper behind my back everywhere I go,\" I mumble taking a deep chug from my beer, \"Whatever. Look at all the fucks I give. 'Cause every last one of them, they're wrong. As far as I'm concerned my true mother is my grandma Maggie, not Sandra Olivia Airs.\" A heavy silence falls over us as we sit there in the abandoned train car but the silence is neither awkward or uncomfortable it's just there. Hanging in the air like a fog, thick and muggy. When suddenly the silence is broken by the sound of a train whistle blaring in the distance. \"Is that a train?\" Ren asks in slight confusion. \"Yeah it is,\" I say when I hear a second whistle sound slightly louder than the last one, \"Come on hurry!\" I say shooting out of my seat and out of the yearbook. \"Where you going?\" I hear Ren running behind me. I don't answer instead I run out and up to the train tracks; stopping a few feet from them and listening as the distant sounds of the train got closer and louder. I hear Ren stop behind me just a few steps over my right shoulder. \"Sometimes after football games we come out here, and when the train passes we just make out like crazy,\" I pause glancing over my shoulder at Ren when the train rounds the corner coming into view, \"Or, we just play chicken.\" \"Are you gonna play chicken?\" Ren asks stepping closer to me and looking ready to stop me depending on my answer. \"I'm not that desperate for attention.\" I laughed watching as the train gets closer and closer until it finally passes us and continues on it way. Its when the last car finally drives by that Ren speaks up. \"So is this the part were we start making out like crazy?\" He asked with a grin and a brow. \"There wasn't a football game.\" \"Okay next football game well come back.\" Ren says so casually that I can't help but laughing. After calming down I ask, \"So, do you have any plans tomorrow?\" \"Well I was gonna go-\" Ren started but I cut him off before he could continue. \"Great! Tomorrow night we're going out to the city to have some fun.\" So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time![Chapter 7] DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WHAT I DO OWN ARE MY OC'S. SO ON THAT NOTE... ON WITH THE STORY! \"So, what are you guys planning for tonight?\" Ren called out to the front from his seat beside me. \"We're going to the city tonight. There is a big country club just outside the skirts of town.\" Derek answered him as he switched lanes. We were all squished into Derek's truck. In attendance there was Derek and Ariel in the front. Then in the back from left to right was Willard, Rusty, then me and Ren. We had been driving for about two hours now; the sun had set and the city lights made everything even more gorgeous. \"So, you excited?\" I ask Ren turning to look at him beside me. \"What? A chance to go out and have fun without having to worry about getting a ticket for playing my music too loud? Hell yeah! Plus the chance to dance with you? I'm over the moon.\" Ren \"Aw, ain't you sweet!\" I cooed teasingly, leaning over and placing a loud sloppy kiss on his cheek jokingly. From the right I Willard fake gag, \"Yeah so sweet you're making me sick. Derek, could you pull over? I need to upchuck my breakfast.\" He started laughing. Reaching over Rusty I punched Willard in the arm stopping him mid laugh and causing him to yelp and rub the abused appendage. \"Ha-ha, you are so funny, cuz. I'll remember that the next time you need me to cover for you while you sneak out to Rusty's so you could play tonsil hockey.\" \"You're evil.\" Willard snapped. \"And you're ugly.\" I retorted. \"Okay, ladies, settle down. You're both pretty.\" Ren said pulling me back from possibly punching my cousin again and into his chest so I was leaning against him. \"Well it's true, he is ugly.\" \"Why you little-\" \"Hey you two shut up back there or so help me I will turn this truck back around!\" Derek shouted all of a sudden making everyone of us laugh at his outburst. \"Derek, what the hell?\" \"Had to get you two quiet somehow, didn't I? And I would really hate to turn around right now cause where here.\" Derek said pointing out the front windshield. And sure enough there in front of use was a huge building with a big yellow neon sign reading 'Cowboys' in loopy cursive letter with people rushing to get inside. \"Whoa.\" I'm pretty sure everyone was thinking the same as we took in the club. \"Well what are we waiting for? Find a parking spot already!\" I cried slapping Derek in the arm excitedly. \"Sir, yes sir.\" After pulling into an open spot, the six of us piled out of the car. Waking over to Ren, ducked under his arm leaning against him, tucked into his side, as we walked in to the club. He smiled down at me before holding the door open for me and letting me in first. \"After you.\" He said with a smile. Returning it I walked in first, \"What a gentlemen.\" I said as I passed him following the rest of the group. Walking beside Rusty and Ariel I weaved my are through the former as we walked into the main room. Inside the music was loud as the sound of boots thumping on the hardwood floor followed along with the beat. People were everywhere, beers were being bought and you could barley see through the sea of cowboy hats. It was a classic country club. \"Good night! This place is gigantic!\" Rusty cried in awe and I had to agree with her. \"Yeah. It's bigger than Bomont.\" Ariel piped up from her other side. \"No kidding. I bet you could fit all of Bomont in here and still have room on the dance floor.\" I added while still glancing around the room. \"I'll take that bet.\" Ariel said, speaking directly to me for the first time tonight, looking over at me. Turning to her I regarded her for a bit. I know we still had a long way to go until we could be friends again but for this moment I was willing to put it behind us. So with a smile I nodded my head at her. \"You're on.\" I said holding out a hand. With a smile of her own she brought her hand out and slapped it with mine. \"Well c'mon you two! Let's show these city dwellers how the youth of Bomont get down.\" Smiling at both of us, Rusty loops her arms through ours and pulls us forward. \"Oh, you mean illegally and behind our parent's backs?\" I asked in mock innocence. Rusty winks at me and smiles, \"Exactly.\" She replied leading us to the dance floor. I laugh at her along with Ariel and we weave in and out of other club patrons; the boys following somewhere behind us. And how did I know they were behind us? I knew because every girl were passed by would either look around or over us to check them out. Of course the guys didn't notice their noticeable glances; they were to busy taking in all the activity. Well, we couldn't have that now, could we? \"Girls, we have some competition. I think it's time we stake our claim.\" I said glancing over at the two beside me. Both girls had identical looks of confusion on their faces so, curbing the urge to roll my eyes at them, I motioned to all the thirsty women around us. Together they started looking around us and slowly came to the same conclusion as I had. Then, at the same time, they turned on their heels and strode over to their respective dates. Rusty walked right up to Willard grabbed him by the belt loops of his pants and kissed him soundly on the lips; then she released him trading the belt loops for his hand continued to the dance floor all with a smile on her face. Looking like the cat that got the canary. After they left I turned and watched what Ariel would do. Honestly, her choice worried me a little. It was a well known secret that Ariel was attracted to Ren. She liked him cause he was new and different stock from the boys back home. It was all Rusty would gossip about the first few weeks Ren moved in to town. Plus Ariel is beautiful, she always had been. She could have any guy she sets her eyes on with little to no effort. So you can understand my surprise when Ariel walked right past Ren like he wasn't even there and headed straight for Derek instead. She grabbed Derek's hand, easily intertwining her fingers with his, then followed after Rusty and Willard. As she passed by she shot me a wink then motioned her head back at Ren before completely walking away. Smiling a bit, I shook my head as I walked over and claimed my man. Weaving my fingers through Ren's I smile and give a gentle tug, pulling him up to me. As he stepped closer our eyes met and he gave me a smirk, which I returned with a wink. \"So, you ready to get a little country in you?\" I teased looking up into his eyes with a raised brow. Ren chuckled, \"Of course.\" giving my hand a gentle squeeze. \"Well c'mon, city boy. Show me what you got.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" He said and took lead taking us to the dance floor where the others were waiting. We had just met up with the others were we spotted Willard and Rusty arguing about something a few feet away. I couldn't hear exactly what was being said but with the way my cousins kept shaking his head when Rusty pointed out to the floor I could guess what was going on. \"Come on, Let's go!\" Derek yelled at the bickering couple. \"Willard!\" Ariel hollers impatiently. \"Let's go dance! Hurry up!\" Derek try's again to get my cousins attention. \"Derek, shut up. I'm gonna go talk to him.\" I say letting go of Ren's hand and moving towards Willard. I only take one step when Ren grabs up my hand again pulling me to a stop. \"No, I'll go. You girls go dance. Derek come help me.\" Ren says, dropping a quick kiss on my cheek then leaving with Derek. \"Hey. Just go dance with them.\" Ren tells Rusty pulling her away from Willard and pushing her towards us. \"Come on, let the boys handle it.\" I sooth grabbing her hand and wrapping my arm around her. \"He does this to me all the time.\" Rusty huffed angrily. \"I know, honey. But look don't worry about it, okay?\" I say rubbing her arm. Rusty releases a tired sigh, \"Alright.\" She agrees reluctantly. \"Good. Now let's go shake what the good lord gave us.\" I cheer bumping my hip against hers. \"Amen to that.\" Ariel agrees pumping her arms in the air. Walking out on the floor we find a spot to dance in and try to imitate the other dancers dance moves. In all honestly were weren't doing too good. \"No, no, you have to go like this.\" Ariel try's to explain kicking out each leg then clapping but she was off by a few seconds. We were laughing and messing around when the song ended when a familiar beat started playing over the speakers. \"Oh my god! You guys remember this song?\" Ariel gasps in excitement. \"Oh hell yeah! Fake I.D. by Big & Rich.\" I cheered unbutton in my denim vest talking it off and hanging it up on the railing. Just as the lyrics started Ren and Derek returned sans Willard. \"Hey. Where's Willard?\" I asked over the music Ren. \"He's fine.\" He reassured me kissing my forehead and lining up next to me. I didn't have the chance to ask anymore when the song started and I was lost in the rhythm. Hey, I've been driving all over town. On my cellphone wearin' it out. And I've finally tracked you down. As the boots stomped on the wood, I rolled my body in to the moves freely making it look easy. Hey, everybody says you're the man. The final piece to my master plan. You got my world in the palm of your hand. Clapping my hands, I swirled my hips and kicked my boots in the air. I smiled and looked over at Ren dancing next to me. He was grinning ear to ear. Well I know that you got it. Come on and just sell it. Got the cash up in my pocket. You know I gotta get it. As the beat picked up the boot stomping got Javier and the bodies moved faster to the song. Bodies pressed together, the thumping base, hands groping, hearts soaring, this is what dancing was all about. Hey mister won't you sell me a fake ID. There's a band in the bar that I'm dying to see. I got my money and you got what I need. Hey mister won't you sell me a fake ID. As we danced I spotted Ren and Rusty dancing together and busted out laughing when Ren abruptly grabbed Rusty and pulled her into a quick spin; causing not to meet in a crash and stumble laughing their heads off. And don't tell my daddy. Stole the keys to his caddy. Don't dilly dally, I gotta get the hell out of this alley. The beat dropped and everyone broke out into their own free style dance moves. Somehow our group got separated and disappeared into the crowed. The only one I still had eyes on was Ren. I started dancing around joining different partners and groups, doing my own thing and having fun. Here's my money, now get out of my way. Gonna push my luck right up to the stage. At one point I was dancing in this group of females dancing in a circle; we were moving our bodies and showing off what we got. Then the circle started spinning and I was laughing and having fun when I notice directly across from me in the circle formation was Ren. Noticing me too he smiled at me then Morton me to follow him out of the dancing females. Nodding at him I followed him to the center of the dance floor. As we danced, Ren grabbed my hand and spun me into his arms. I laughed loudly at him breaking out of his hold and spinning so we were face to face some how ending up even closer to him. I moved in a sensual motion rotating my hips as Ren and I danced around each other. Then we met in the middle; bodies molding together; grinding against each other, slowly, sensually but roughly. His hand were grabbing my hips and mine were knotted in his shirt pulling him even closer. Breath heavy, we panted against each other with have lidded eyes and bright smiles. I could feel my heart pounding, begging to jump out of my chest, as his hands dropped down and gripped my thighs. I could feel the trail of fire wherever his hands landed. Forehead pressed together, eyes locked, lips almost touching but still a breath away; my senses were on over drive. As Ren danced down my body, hands gripped every inch of my legs and waist before sliding back up my body lips ghosting over mine. As the last strum of the guitar, whistles and cheers echoed around the hall. Ren lifted me into his arms, my feet off the ground as he spun me around. Ren dropped me back to my feet but kept me in his embrace, arms locked around my waist and lower back, leaning his forehead against mine. \"I could kiss you.\" Ren said abruptly, bringing his hand up to my face running the pad of his thumb against my lower lip. \"I wouldn't stop you if you did.\" I replied looking back and forth between his eyes. I stared at him, heart pounding, waiting for his next move. Ren smiled down at me and moved his hand to caress my cheek as he dipped his head bringing his face closer minefield that was possible. I could feel his warm breath fan over my lips but before we could even cross those last few inches the moment was ruined by the sound of Rusty's voice. \"What the hell?\" Ren asked pulling his head back and peering through the crowd. Suddenly Rusty ran towards us, pushing her way through the crowd on the floor with a panicked and frustrated look on her face. \"Guys, we need to go!\" \"Why? Rusty, what happened?\" \"It's Willard.\" \"Where IS Willard?\" I asking looking around for my missing goof of a cousin. \"Long story short, Willard got into a fight and now he's laying unconscious on the floor.\" Rusty said. \"What!?\" I shrieked and started to tear off through the crowd but u didn't get far because I was stopped by Ren latching on to my wrist. \"Okay you,\" Ren says grabbing my shoulders and looking into my eyes \"need to calm down.\" \"But Ren-\" I started to protest but he cuts me off. \"Willard is fine, Sammy. Okay?\" he asks and at my nod he turns and addresses Rusty. \"Rusty go find Derek and Ariel and we'll go scrape the hillbilly off the ground. Meet us in parking lot.\" \"Alright.\" Rusty says the once again pushes her way through the crowd to find our friends. \"C'mon lets go get your cousin.\" Ren says grabbing my hand and leading me in what he presumed was Willard's direction. When we found him he was trying and failing to get to his feet resulting in his ungraceful crash to the ground. He was laughing his ass off and honestly if Rusty hadn't of told us what happened I would have thought he was drunk. \"Well, I think that's our cue to go.\" I sighed bending down and, with the help of Ren, lifted Willard off the floor. \"Ren? Sammy? When you guy get here? Where are we going?\" Willard babbled stupidly in his daze. \"Come on, idiot, let's get you out of here before someone else decides your face needs rearranging.\" I replied rolling my eyes and ignoring his questions. \"It just happened so fast, I mean...\" \"You got knocked out.\" Ren interrupted from beside me causing us all to laugh at my cousins expense. \"I just remember politely asking him, \"Hey, get off of my girl.\"\" Willard said sending us into another fit of laughter until it eventually stopped leaving us in a moment of silence. It was broken not long after by Willard. \"This bridge gives me the creeps.\" He whispered but because it was quiet in the car we all heard him. \"Willard!\" \"Dude!\" Rusty and I shout at the same time. And just for extra effect I smack him on the chest. \"Sorry.\" Willard apologizes rubbing his chest. \"What?\" Ren asks completely confused. No one says anything not wanting to offend anyone causing an awkward silence to fall around us. \"This is Crosby bridge. You know that photo in school? The one with the teenagers that all got killed.\" Ariel asks but doesn't wait for an answer before continuing. \"This is where it happened. My brother was driving them home. They lost control and they went head on into a truck.\" Ariel says I'm sure reliving the incident all over again. \"They were seniors. Two of them were all state, Ronnie Jamison and...\" Willard trailed off unable to utter the name. \"And my brother. Bobby. You would've liked him. I looked up to him. He was my hero. But now every time I think about him, I just think about this bridge.\" Ariel finishes turning her head and staring out her window ignoring everyone in the car. But I couldn't leave it at that so detangling myself from Ren I scoot forward and reach up between the front seats; taking Ariel's hand in silent comfort and support. She doesn't say anything but she does squeeze my hand is return and that's enough. \"Fuck this bridge.\" I breathe leaning my head against the seat. \"Amen.\" So how bad did I do? REVIEW SO I CAN FIND OUT! Until next time![Chapter 8] It's the weekend and like any normal teenager I'm spending my time at the car wash cause that's just what small town teens do now a days. Can you hear the sarcasm? Yes? Okay good, I thought I lost you there for a minute. Anyway it wasn't really my plan to spend my day hosing down and scrubbing filthy cars. Originally Willard and I were supposed to spend the day together and hang out. Maybe go bowling, go eat ice cream or go see a movie, heck even fishing would have been fun. But instead of those things Willard showed up at grandma Maggie's house stuffed me into his pickup truck then rushed on over to Ren's house so we could go with him to wash his car. Like I said it's not my idea of fun, but on the plus side I get to check out Ren while he flexes his muscles as he scrubs his car looking like a tall glass of water. Why was I complaining again? \"I don't believe this town. We bring Ariel home past her curfew, and Reverend Moore is all up in my uncle's grill, making threats.\" Ren ranted as he angrily scrubbed at the roof of his car. \"The hell? Does he know it was Derek that took her home last night?\" I ask furrowing my brow looking to Willard for confirmation, which he gave with a nod of his head, as he spat out sunflower seeds. \"Honestly, he only cares that I was in the same space as her. I swear that man thinks I'm the antichrist where his daughter is concern.\" Ren grunted and shook his head. \"Yeah. Well, you know what it is? You got an attitude problem.\" Willard said as he munched on his sunflower seeds. With a slight smirk on my face from Willard taunt I watched as Ren stopped what he was doing and looked at Willard over the top of his car, momentarily dropping the bristle brush. \"I got an attitude problem?\" Ren asked him pointing to himself incredulously. \"Yeah, you got an attitude problem.\" Willard told him. \"Willard's got a point, Ren. I mean you've been here two months and already you have a reputation that takes us our whole live to build here.\" I said watching as Ren shot me a glare then went back to scrubbing his car. \"Not to mention every chance you get, you're bad mouthing this town. I know we're small-time, but we got satellites and cell phones like everyone else, alright? We are making progress.\" Willard added in smugly. \"Don't talk to me about progress. I've been here two months,\" Ren paused to point at me for confirmation before continuing, \"And I haven't seen one wet t-shirt contest.\" Ren said briefly flicking his gaze to me and grinning when he caught my eyes. \"Really, we're back to that? You two need to be... I don't even know... like, put down, or something, for the good of humanity.\" I said with a raised brow and kick my leg up behind me to kick him in the butt as he walks by me to get to the other side of the car. \"Guys are such pervs.\" I mutter getting a cheeky grin from him. \"Oh, I know. I don't know what's up with that. That's not me.\" Willard said agree with him. Queue eye roll here. \"Probably some stupid law against it.\" Ren said snidely. Willard shot his hands up and flailing them in the air excitedly. \"I tell you what you get a petition for that, I'd sign it. Because if we can't have braless, wet women here in Bomont, the terrorist win.\" \"What do the terrorists have anything to do with this?\" I asked him all the while cursing my blood relation to him and wondering if he had been dropped on his head as a child. Honestly I can't believe they are even talking about this. Hormonal teenage boys. \"You don't understand because you're a girl, right Ren? Tell her.\" Willard pointed at me, telling Ren to back him up. Ren didn't say anything though and just shook his head at Willard before turning back to his car. \"Tell her, Ren.\" I mimicked him then popped him upside the head. \"Stupid.\" \"You gotta stop hitting me!\" Willard whined as he tried to defend against any more hits. \"Or what?\" I taunted as I slapped his arm. \"I'll tell, Grandma Maggie.\" He threatened as he caught my hand as I aimed for his stomach. \"She'll hit you too for being so disgusting, you big turd. Do you hear yourself? Please stop talking, you lower the IQ of all of Bomont when you open your mouth.\" I half yell at him as I ripped my hand out of his grip and hit him again. \"That's not a bad idea.\" Ren suddenly cut in causing me and Willard to stop our slap fight. \"Huh?\" Willard asked looking at Ren like the Bostonian just spouted another head. \"Oh my god,\" I say him staring at him in disbelief, \"Ren, you can't be serious. You're really gonna start a petition for wet t-shirt contests?\" I asked. \"No, not that. We could start our own petition. Challenge that law against public dancing.\" Ren said, hanging the bristle brush back on its wall holder and looked over at Willard and me on the other side of the bug. \"What?\" \"No.\" \"Why not? Then we can just organize our own dance. I'm not talking about some drunken kegger or a free-for-all orgy.\" Ren said looking between us trying to convince us to help him. \"That right there? That's an idea!\" Willard agreed happily to the kegger orgy part. \"Shut up, you moron.\" I said smacking him on the back of his head, knocking his hat over and into his eyes. He shot me a dirty look as he soothed his abused skull. \"I'm talking about a formal, respectable dance. One that's not held by the church, with everyone's eyes on you.\" Ren said ignoring Willard comment. \"Well you can have it in the Bomont lock up. Cause what you're talking about is against the law.\" Willard told him matter-a-fact. But Ren was having none of his pessimism. \"Let me tell you something about the law. It's meant to be challenged. Nothing's set in stone.\" Ren said pushing off the car where he had been leaning with both hands on the roof. He looked between us with a cocky smirk confident he had won the argument and successfully shut us up. \"Ten Commandments were.\" I said challengingly watching the smirk fall off his lips and staring defiantly into his eyes when he looked at me. \"Exactly!\" Willard crowed and held his hand out to me for a high five, which I gave him. \"What's your smart-aleck reply to that?\" Willard taunted him. \"My smart-aleck reply?\" Ren asked before aiming the water hose at us and spraying us. We both screamed as we ducked and scrabbled away from the water. \"Hey! C'mon, man! Hey, stop! You want that wet t-shirt contest, come and get it!\" Willard yelled as Ren held up the hose. There was a brief pause then Ren squeeze the handle and another burst of water at Willard. For his part Willard defended himself against the water for a second before rushing Ren and grappled for the water hose. \"Whoo! Whoo!\" Willard cheered as he finally got the hose and started spraying Ren. \"Get him!\" I yelled at Willard through my laughter. Ren had somehow grabbed a hold of the hose again and was trying to wrestle it away from Willard. Deciding to help I scooped up some soap bubbles off the car and ran over to the struggling boys and dumped the soap all over Ren's head. Surprised he let go of the hose and turned on me, I squealed and turned to tried to get away but he caught me around the waist and lifted me off my feet as Willard sprayed the both of us with water. I could just imagine the sight the three of us made for passing cars as we laughed and chased each other like a bunch of idiots. Line break I was in the middle of a dream. And I know it was a dream because Joseph Gordon-Levitt was in it and he was getting ready to propose to me. He was dressed to the nines in a grey suit and matching waist coat with black shiny shoes and matching tie. He had just dropped to his knee opening the little velvet bow in his hand to showcase a beautiful pear cut diamond engagement ring. The whole scene was perfect and just as he opened his mouth to pour out his soul Rick Ross came out of nowhere, kicked Joseph in the head knocking him unconscious and started singing about his life as a hustler. Needless to say that scared me out of my sleep. It scared me so bad I jumped awake in a tangle of limbs and bedsheets rolling around and trying to get free while Rick Ross wailed away and finally with a turn and a harsh tug I went crashing to the ground with a solid thud. \"Ow.\" I mumbled as I took a moment to lay there staring up at my ceiling fan as it spun around. Glancing at me nightstand I found my phone buzzing and ringing away at shot it a glare so hateful that if looks could kill the little piece of technology would have melted on the spot. I let the phone ring hoping that whoever was on the end would get the clue, give up and let me sleep. The moment the phone stopped I sighed and closed my eyes in bliss ready to fall asleep right there on the floor. I did just that and got as comfortable as I could on the floor only to snap my eyes open when my phone started ringing again. \"For the love of god, let me sleep!\" I yelled at my phone as I reached for it from my position. Before I answered it I looked at the time and saw that it was five o'clock in the morning. Glancing at the unknown number calling me I contemplated declining it but remembering the persistence of the person from earlier I answered it. Holding it up to my ear I answered it with the driest tone I could manage. \"Hello?\" \"Sammy, I need your help.\" \"Ren?\" I asked thoroughly confused and wondering why the hell Ren of all people was calling me so early in the morning and how he managed to get my number. \"Yeah it's me.\" \"It's five o clock in the morning on a Saturday. Why are you calling me at this ungodly hour? Wait, how did you even get my number?\" \"I asked Rusty and she gave it to me.\" \"Of course she did. Ren, not so sound rude or anything, but what do you want?\" I asked tiredly, laying my head on my arm as I listened to Ren's smooth Boston accented voice. \"Alright, I'll get to the point so you can go back to your beauty sleep.\" Ren said with a hint of teasing in his voice that had me rolling my eyes at him. \"Oh how very considerate of you, sir.\" I drawled sarcastically. \"You're welcome.\" Ren chuckled. \"Anyway you know how the at the car wash I was telling you and Willard about how I wanted to go up against the 'No-Dance Law' and start a petition?\" Ren asked. \"Yeah, I remember. What about it?\" I asked as I looked around my bedroom floor. I really need to start sweeping under my bed, that dust bunny looks like a Pomeranian. I was brought out of my thoughts when Ren started talking again. \"I'm doing it. I'm starting a petition against public dancing. The other night Woody, Derek, Willard and I sat in on a council meeting at city hall so we could see how everything works. \" Ren said with a tone of determination in his voice. That snapped me to my senses and hauled myself off the floor and sat up. Leaning against my bed I brought my knees up to me chest and draped my arms around them as I spoke into the phone. \"Ren, do you have a death wish? The council will rip you apart, they'll never vote to lift the dancing ban. And let's not forget Reverend Moore is a member of the council. The man already has a hard-on for you for your blossoming reputation of the town delinquent. Not to mention her hates you for influencing his precious, can-never-do-no-wrong, Ariel.\" I ranted breathing panting by the end of it. Now it's not that I didn't believe Ren could do it, because I did believe in him, I was just concerned about all the heavy hitters he was up against. \"Look I know that I probably fighting a losing battle here but Sammy someone has to try. I want to do something and make a change. Sammy, I want to do something that goes beyond me and my petty resentment for this town and the ones who are in control of it. I just want a shot, you know? That's all I want.\" Ren said. There was a moment of silence that followed his heartfelt confession that I took the chance to consider his words. I never notice that after knowing him for three months now, how selfless he is. I mean here he is, a guy who has no ties to this town and who owes us no favors, trying to make a difference in this town that has done nothing but hate him and judge him since the day he rolled in. He was trying to bring happiness back for the youth of Bomont and banish the thick cloud of grief that has hung over our heads since the accident three years ago. Is this boy superman or what? \"Sammy? You still there?\" Ren's asked tentatively through the speaker. I nodded my head at his question, even though I knew he couldn't see it. \"Yeah, I'm here.\" I whispered lightly. \"So… now that you know what I plan to do… I was wondering if you would maybe want to help. No pressure, I'll still be your friend if you don't want to. I understand the heat that's going to fall on me when I do this and it's okay if you don't want any part of it. I just want you to know that I would really like it if you were there with me. You know, like my lieutenant, like my second in command?\" Ren said hopefully. I know he was being serious but I couldn't help but give a laugh at the last line he said. \"Ren, did you just quote Kenickie from Grease?\" I asked with a mile stretching across my lips. \"I did. I was hoping you wouldn't notice.\" \"You nerd!\" I said laughing out right at him. I could hear him laughing over the phone. \"Hey, you were the one that knew it was from Grease, so you're the bigger nerd here.\" \"Whatever.\" I huffed with a roll of my eyes. \"So, what do you say? Want to be my lieutenant?\" Ren asked. \"Sure, city boy, I'll be your lieutenant.\" I answered with a smile. \"Great. So, what are you doing later on this morning?\" \"Well seeing as it's the weekend I was planning to spend the rest of my day in bed sleeping, why?\" I asked him as I finally got up off the floor and sat on the bed. \"I was wondering if you weren't busy maybe you'd want to come over to my house? The guys and I are going to try and teach Willard how to dance. It was part of our deal for me doing the petition. You want to help? Sarah and Amy will be there and we got juice pouches.\" Ren said. \"How could I say no to juice pouches?\" I asked jokingly with a laugh. \"Sure, I'll swing by later on.\" \"I'll see you later, Sammy.\" \"See you later, Ren.\" I said then hung up. Throwing my phone somewhere on my bed I flop back on my back with a sigh. \"What am I going to wear?\" Line Break \"Okay girls, remember we are doing this to help Willard learn how to dance so let's take this seriously.\" I told Sarah, Amy and their little friends who were gathered at the Warnicker backyard. Looking at each of them through my aviators, I tried not to laugh as I saw the serious looks on their little faces as they nodded. The girls were set up on the back porch of their home as a make shift stage. Sarah and Amy had brought out their Barbie stereo with the two mics plugged while the beginning of \"Let's Hear It for the Boy\" by Deniece Williams blasted from the pink speakers. The rest of the little girls were spread around the porch counting off steps they made up for the song. \"Alright girls, show them what you got.\" I told then made my way off the porch and over to the picnic table where the guys were sitting. Seeing as all the seats were taken I walked over to the little girl sitting with the boys and picked her up out of her seat and replaced her on my lap when I sat down. Ren was standing with Willard, who was standing awkwardly behind the girls, giving my cousin a pep talk. \"Alright, you're not gonna tell anyone about this?\" Willard asked looking at Ren suspiciously. \"No, I'm not gonna tell.\" Ren promised exasperated. \"I'm serious.\" \"I promise! Now, just follow the girls. They now what they're doing and you don't.\" Ren said as he walked away from him. As Ren came over to sit at the picnic table I took my sunglasses off and instead placed them on the little girl sitting on my lap causing her to laugh. \"Woody, Derek, anyone on the football team?\" Willard called to the two laughing guys with raised brows. \"Nobody will know, buddy!\" Derek laughed from his seat on the kid lawn chair Woody, who was sitting beside me on the bench, turned to Ren and me and held up his hands in front of him in mock innocence. \"Everyone will know.\" He said then high fived Derek when he reached his arm back before they laughed. As the music started and the girls started to sing, they started to dance with simple moves. Willard didn't follow along with them but just stood there with his hands on his hip looking at us with a look that just screamed 'Really?' on his face. My baby he don't talk sweet He ain't got much to say \"Come on man, you got to commit.\" Ren yelled at Willard when he continued to just stand there. With a sign of resignation Willard dropped his hands to his sides and began to dance awkwardly beside the girls. Willard was trying to follow them but her had no rhythm and was off time but three steps then everybody else. He moved his shoulders and back and forth and I tried not to laugh when he stumbled over the next dance move. Derek, Woody and Ren were enjoying the show. \"Don't mess around. Focus!\" Ren told Willard and I laughed loudly and Willard's expression. The girls kept singing. But he loves me, loves me, loves me I know that he loves me anyway \"Shake it, Willard.\" I commanded. He rolled his eyes and started to shake with the girls. \"There you go! There you go. Feel it.\" \"Show me what you got.\" Ren said and cringed when Willard stopped shaking his hips and just started pelvic thrusting. And maybe he don't dress fine but I don't really mind \"Less hips.\" Both Woody and Ren told Willard, who was shaking his hips in an awkward way. \"Less-less hips.\" As the music started to pick up in tempo the girls started to jump in place and Willard was struggling to follow along. \"And we're jumping?\" He asked loudly. \"And we're jumping!\" he yelled then started hopping around like an overgrown rabbit. 'Cause every time he pulls me near I just wanna cheer Lets hear it for the boy Oh, let's give the boy a hand Willard fumbled over his steps and almost fell face first when he stepped on his own shoelace. Let's hear it for my baby You know you gotta understand Oh, maybe he's no romeo But he's my lovin' one-man show Oh, whoa, let's hear it for the boy And that's how we spent the rest of the day laughing at Willard's dance skills, or lack thereof. Line break For the next three weeks we were all busy putting Willard through dance boot camp. Every day of the after school Willard was with one of us learning some moves. I helped out with Willard's dance lessons too when I had the time and when I wasn't helping Willard I was helping Ren research everything he needed to know about starting a petition. \"Why are we here?\" Ren asked as I dragged him by the hand through the school hallways. \"Um, because you said you wanted to do research on petition and their rules.\" I answered him with a very obvious ' duh' tone. \"I know that but why do he have to do that here?\" Ren whined as we rounded the corner and saw the library doors at the end of the hall. \"Because this library is closer than the town library. Now wold you stop being a baby? The faster we get in there the faster we work, and the fatser we finish.\" I told him effectivly ending the argument. Or so I thought because when we were about a foot away from the door Ren pulled back on my hand and spun me around to face him. \"I really don't want to go in there, Sammy.\" Ren admitted so quietly that if I wasn't standing in front of him I probably would have missed it. \"Why not?\" \"Because of what happened the last time in here. The last thing I need is that old man circling around me like a vulture and watching my every move.\" Ren said lookig truly stressed and exhusted just thinking about it. I was quiet for a miinute just watching the emotions wash across his face before I spoke. \"Ren, I'm going to give you some advice about small towns that I don't think anyone has given you yet. Now, it's no lie that in small towns pivacy and secretly is don't exist, and if you do something it's a garentee that everyone will know about it in the next 5 minutes. There's two things you can do when that happens: you can run and hide and show everyone just how much they're getting to you,\" here I paused to grab Ren's face in both hands and lifted his face to look at me, \"Or you can accept your mistakes, own it, wear them with pride and move on.\" We stayed like that for what felt like hours but was really just seconds, Ren piecrsing me with his intense green eyes and me caress in his face, running my thumbs on the soft skin under his eyes. After a while Ren seemed to come to a decision and spoke. \"Alright. Let's go.\" He said and gently grabbed my wirsts to pull them away from his face. This time he was the one to grab my hand and walk me behind him and he led us into the library. Once we were inside he didn't waist anytime and walked right up to the check out desk where the librarian was working. \"Excuse me.\" I said when the man didn't notice us right away. \"Can I help you with something?\" the librarian ask instantly reconizing Ren and shooting him an accusatory look. \"You guys got city records down here? Like local ordinances? Anything like that?\" Ren asked adjusting his backpack and squeezing my hand slighlty I returned the gesture trying to give him support. \"What do you want with those?\" \"I want to read them.\" Ren answerd bluntly like it was the most odvious thing in the world, which it was because what else are you going to do with a book, then looked around us to make sure no one would overhear he leaned in to whisper to the man, \"Isn't that what you do in libraries other then get stoned?\" The librariand straightened up and glared at Ren, sneering a little, as clamped my hand over my mouth to cover hide my laughs but still ended up snorting. Ren though didn't seem to notice or care as he matched the librarian's glare with a cocky on of his own. \"Well?\" Ren prompted motioning with his free hand for the librarian to get to work and find the books he asked for. With one last glare the man turned on his heel and went to the back room where city documents were kept. The man came back a short while later with a thick tome in his hand that he practilcy threw at Ren forcing the Boston boy to release my hand and fumble with the books' unexpected weight. \"Here you go.\" The man said in a false happy tone before abrumply turning his back to us and ignoring our exsistance. \"Come on.\" I giggled as I grabbed Ren's arm and steered him away and over to a table. Dumpping our backpacks we sat down and opened placing the book down in front of us we each gave it a warily look at all the pages. \"Lets get to work.\" Ren tried to say encouragingly but really in dread. The title of the first page read 'Code of ordinances city of Bomont, Georgia' and just looing at all the numbers of pages listed I was already tired. \"You so owe me for this.\" I goan pulling out a note book and pen to take notes. \"I know.\" Line break I was enjoying my free period out on the football field bleachers doing some last minute homework when a voice interupted me, \"Sammy?\" I looked up from my notebook. Ariel and Derek were standing in front of me, hand-in-hand and looking at eachother like they were the center of the universe. I smiled a bit realizing Derek finally got his girl. \"So, when's the wedding?\" I joked as I cliped my pen onto my notebook and gave them my full attention. \"I told you she was gonna say that.\" Derek joked playfully bumping his shoulder with Ariels causing the blonde to smile prettyly and roll her eyes. \"Congratulations guys, but what about Chuck? I don't wanna be a Debbie Downer but Ariel you still have a boyfriend.\" I said decising to get to point out the elephant in the room. \"I know and don't worry he won't be my boyfriend for long. I'm going to the racetrack this weekend to break up with him.\" Ariel said with no hesitation in her voice so I knew she was serious. \"Really? Do you want some back up?\" I asked slighly concerned about her going alone to face Chuck about a break up, he wasn't the most stable guyand more often than not was prone to flying off the handle. \"No, I'll be fine. I can handle Chuck.\" \"Okay girl, well good luck and again congrats.\" I said just as the dismissal bell rang signaling the end of free period. Gathering up my things the three of us made our way across the field and inside. Once inside we parted ways, Derek going with Ariel so he could walk her to class and spent a little more time with her, and me heading to my locker to grab my book for my next class. Pushing my way through the crowds I kept hearing snippets of some kind of ban and a flyer. I didn't give the gossip much thought when I finally reached my locker snd reached up to enter my combination when I notice something sticking out of the side of my locker. Curoius I pulled it free and flipped it between my fingers as I looke it over. It was a small 2 by 2 yellow card and in bright red letters it read 'Oppose the Dance Ban'. It was then that the conversations I heard from ealier clicked and I understood. Spining on my heal I looked around a saw everyone else were also reading the same cards and fliers. Even the floor was covered in fliers. I was so ditracted by what was going on around me that I almost had a heart attack when I sudently went airborne. \"Oh my god! Put me down!\" I demanded but was answered with a smug laugh and a familiar Boston accent. \"OPPOSE THE DANCE BAN, SAMMY!\" ","Summary":" I DO NOT OR WILL I EVER OWN THE MOVIE FOOTLOOSE THAT RIGHT BELONGS TO SOME OTHER AWESOME PERSON. WH"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"Perfect","Author":"TheProphetOfWeasels","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12473814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own The Boy, it's storyline or any characters. Only my own characters and storylines. K' love you all! I based Cassandra's appearance off Natalie Dormer, but there are subtle differences. I don't own Natalie Dormer either, sadly. A green car pulled into the Heelshire driveway, stopping once comfortably parked. A woman in a neat peach dress to her knees stepped out, the skirts blowing slightly in the light breeze, as she adjusted her wrist length white gloves as she drank in the familiar site of the Manor. She began pulling out all of her suitcases, whining slightly at how many she had. In saying that, she packed almost all of her clothes, favourite belongings and a large suitcase full of flavours, foods and spices for the cupboards. Sighing, she shut the trunk of her car as the front door to the Manor open, a man with dirty blond hair came jogging down. \"Malcolm!\" \"Cassandra, hey!\" They hugged briefly, catching up on news as quickly as they could as they went back and forth from the Manor to the car, getting all the bags and cases inside. When they were done, Malcolm practically fell back against the wall, breathing heavily, and was obviously exaggerating. \"Did you bring your entire house?\" \"Pretty darn close, honestly.\" Cassandra laughed as Malcolm rolled his eyes, still dramatically breathing. \"You did good, dude.\" \"Cassandra.\" They both turned to view the elderly woman in well pressed clothes. She looked stern, but also relieved. Malcolm contained himself, giving a single nod and saying his goodbyes as he exited the house, most likely feeling slightly embarrassed. Cassandra took out her tight bun of hair, shaking her head as the black locks fell in waves to the middle of her back, pulling it all over her left shoulder. \"It's wonderful to see you again, Cassandra.\" \"No need to be so formal, Maggie.\" Cassandra's blue eyes shone as she approaches. \"We're all friends here.\" She smiled, embracing the familiar lady. \"How's everything been since my last visit?\" \"Painful, my dear.\" Maggie shook her head, sighing to herself. \"Nearly 21 years, and it's still aches like he died yesterday.\" Maggie managed a smile, Cassandra placing a hand on her shoulder. \"You both deserve a break from it all.\" She smiled warmly. \"Get away for a little while... I bought Brahms a birthday present, since it'll be his birthday next week. I hope he likes it.\" Since Brahms death when they were children, Cassandra had only returned back here a few times, not wanting to relive the death, but she believed he was still resided in the home. In spirit, but he was still here. Her things would move or vanish for a short while, her favourite records would randomly start playing through the house and, on the rarest occasions, her clothes would go missing and never come back. Playful, odd little Brahms. It gave Cassandra an off comfort to think Brahms' ghost roamed the halls. At least then she wouldn't be completely on her own in this house. Aside from Malcolm visiting once a week, there would be no other living person to talk with until the Heelshire's came back from their break. \"He likes it well enough that you've come back,\" Maggie took Cassandra's arm, walking side by side through the house with no time for reminiscence. \"Imagine how thrilled he'll be to know you plan on staying forever.\" Maggie whispered, hearing her husband's faint voice on the top floor. Such a kind, warm voice. Cassandra giggled slightly in response. \"Only if he's well-behaved, Maggie. He has to be a good boy.\" \"Be good to him and he'll be good to you.\" Maggie repeated, almost sounding like a parrot with how recited it was, but Cassandra chose to ignore it. She knew how to deal her darling little Brahms. \"That's a lovely suit, Brahms. Especially that tie. I always loved your ties, you know that?\" David was muttering softly, only stopping when they entered the room. The elderly man turned, spotting Cassandra and his eyes going soft, a smile coming over his face. \"Look at you...\" David headed over slowly. \"Look how you've grown. So pretty. So grown up!\" He wasn't exaggerating. The last time she was here, she was a measly 16 year old who was all elbow and knee because she never sat still. Now, at 28 years old, her curves had filled in nicely, her skin glowed and she looked far more like a prim, proper young lady. Her late mother may have had a heart attack at seeing her daughter if she hadn't died so young. \"It's good to be back.\" Cassandra hugged him tight, spotting a child sized doll in the armchair, glee filling her. \"Hey there Brahmsy!\" Cassandra walked over, picking up the doll and hugging him gently. \"I missed you the most, Brahms. We're going to have so much fun together, yeah?\" Of course, the doll didn't answer, but there was no surprise there. \"You know how to change his clothes, his normal times in his routine, the rules are in the kitchen in case you need to remind yourself of them... What are we missing?\" David questioned, turning to his wife as Cassandra gently sorted out the doll's hair, bouncing him gently in her arms. \"There's a letter waiting for you in your room. If we're forgetting anything now, it's all in there.\" Maggie smiled, but Cassandra spotted the momentary deception flash in her eyes. \"It's fine, you two have nothing to worry about. Besides, I'm sure Brahms will let me know if he needs anything else, won't you Brahmsy?\" Cassandra kissed the doll's forehead, smiling. \"Did you manage to do something for his birthday?\" \"His presents are also in your room. They're not too large, and they don't take up too much room.\" Maggie nodded, turned her head towards her husband with a sullen expression. \"We have to leave now, or we'll be late darling.\" \"Ah, I'm sorry!\" Cassandra ushered them out of the room with one hand. \"Don't let me get in the way of your well earned holiday!\" All three of them didn't speak to each other through the house, but Cassandra was happily chatting away to the doll, telling him all about her adventures and how she would tell him the stories properly later on. By the time they reached the front door, Cassandra had to be spoken directly to in order to bring her out of the phase she went into. \"We'll see you soon, my dear.\" David hugged her tight, and returned it the best she could with Brahms in her arms. \"Don't let it be too soon, David. You have a well earned holiday to attend. Take all the time you need, I've got Brahms safe and sound.\" She smiled brightly and theirs faltered for a moment. \"Mummy and Daddy love you too, Brahms. Our special boy.\" Maggie ran a hand over Brahms' hair, tears glistening in her eyes as David said his goodbyes and climbed into the car, waiting for his wife. \"Be safe, Cassandra.\" That caught her off guard, locking eyes with the sad woman. \"Be good to him and he'll be good to you.\" \"Maggie, come on dear!\" David called from the car, Maggie hugging Cassandra one more time, like her life depended on it. \"I'm so sorry...\" Maggie let go, rushing into the car, and neither of them turned back as the car drove out of sight, Cassandra watching them the whole way. She was all alone with Brahms now, unaware of anything that would happen. \"Well Brahmsy...\" Cassandra shut the door, shaking her head. \"How's about we - What the?\"Her luggage was gone, bar one suitcase. The one filled with the things for the kitchen. Everything else had vanished from sight. \"Oh Brahmsy... What have I gotten myself into?\" \"Do you think she'll be all right?\" David questioned, turning to his dear wife with saddened eyes as they got even further from their home. \"She'll have to be, love.\" Maggie patted his hand, wiping away some of her tears. She didn't want to leave Cassandra with Brahms, but they had no choice. They had to get away from Brahms. \"She had no idea what she's walked into.\" David shook his head, frightened for the beloved young lady. \"Perhaps not, but she was our only hope. He killed that American girl the day we left last time, and all the other nannies, all because he wanted Cassandra.\" Maggie didn't want to relive those memories, here eyes sorrowful and unsure. \"Brahms adores her, David.\" \"He's obsessed, Maggie.\" David corrected gently. \"Always has been, ever since they were children. I wouldn't be surprised if that was why he killed poor Emily Cribbs. She always got in the way in his mind, he said it himself.\" \"It certainly isn't out of his possibilities. Not after poor Greta Evans and the others.\" \"God save their poor souls.\" David sighed, \"God have mercy on poor Cassandra.\" What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out![Chapter 2] I don't own The Boy, it's storyline or any characters. Only my own characters and story lines. K' love you all! Thank you to anyone who favourited/followed and reviewed... Unless you Voldemort and you tried to kill Mama Unicorn. I DO NOT OWN 'MOONLIGHT SONATA' I DO NOT OWN \"Song of the Artesian Water\" by Banjo Paterson. All credit to the owners. Cassandra wandered into the kitchen, Brahms in one arm and the other pulling the suitcase behind her. \"Right sweetie, you sit here for a few minutes.\" She sat Brahms in one of the chairs, lying the suitcase down on the table and unzipping it. \"Time to pop everything away now. We have to tidy as we go, don't we Brahmsy? Mustn't have a messy house... How about some music, Brahms?\" Pulling out her phone and plugging it in to the small portable speakers she managed to fit into her handbag, Elvis Presley began to play through the house, Cassandra dancing around the kitchen. \"You like Elvis, right Brahms? You always used to.\" As Jailhouse Rock played through the halls, Cassandra busied herself with putting everything away with proper storage, blissfully unaware of the presence watching her every movement close by. \"Now-\" She picked him back up, bouncing the doll gently with a warm smile. \"What should we have for lunch?\" Brahms couldn't believe his luck. There she stood, less than 10 feet from where he hid, in all her beautiful glory. Finally, he had her. He had his sweet Cassie all alone until Mummy and Daddy came back. Even then, if he behaved, Cassie would stay. He had heard her say it herself when she arrived. If he was a good boy, Cassie would stay with him forever. She would stay forever anyway - he wasn't about to let her get away from him again - but Brahms wanted to be a good boy for his Cassie. The last thing he wanted was for Cassie to think he was bad... To think she couldn't love him. But she would love him. She had said so when they were children. That when they were older, they would get married one day and live with each other forever. He remembered being against it then - being the young lad he was - but he wanted nothing more than to have her. His fingered brushed the mask on his face, shaking his head. She would love this face - Mummy and Daddy did - but she couldn't see under it. If she did, Cassie would run away from him. He couldn't let her run, unless they were in the gardens again, just like they always used to. Brahms watched as his little Cassie danced around the kitchen, making spaghetti bolognese (an odd choice for lunch, Brahms thought, but he wasn't against it). She truly was little as well, standing around a foot less in height than he was. How precious. Her height worked in his advantage, which Brahms appreciated. There was no way that could outrun him if she tried, so it would be extremely easy to catch her. Brahms hoped it would never come to that, unless they were playing Tag. He loved that game. How thankful he was that Mummy and Daddy finally listened to him. If they had listened the first time, all those other nannies would still be alive. They were all so ignorant and rude. Cassie wasn't ignorant: she always did what she was told, followed all the rules and would happily do more if he told her to. She said it herself, and Brahms would hold her to that. Ahh, how he loved her. His perfect Cassie. He would have her, and no one would get in the way... Not this time. Cassandra put the two plates on the table, popping Brahms back into his chair and pushing it forward. Taking a seat herself, she pushed her hair off her shoulders, feeling it cascade down her back. \"Well Brahmsy, we'll get now and then handle the traps.\" She nodded to herself. \"Get all the boring stuff out of the way, so we have more time for all the fun stuff!\" She ate in silence, as she had turned off her music, Cassandra's memories of running around the whole house as a child filled her brain. One of Brahms' favourite games was Tag, so they were often seen running all over the property. He was the most normal, odd child she'd ever known. She could never deny that he was odd, but all it took was for someone to play well and listen properly for Brahms to become friendly. If they weren't playing Tag, they were playing chess or reading a book together. Either that, or Cassandra would help him climb the trees and hide away from Emily and any other guests. Emily never played well. She always wanted Brahms all to herself, always trying to separate Cassandra from him. She would throw the most awful fits when Brahms would always prefer to spend his time with Cassandra. It filled her with an almost shameful pride. It was sad that Emily was dead at such a tender age, but then so was her best friend. At least she cared enough about Brahms to miss him. A lot of the time, Emily's death never crossed her mind. Shaking her head, Cassandra put her empty plate in the sink of warm water, picking Brahms up again and smiling, holding him close. \"Should I leave this plate of food out for my little spirit boy?\" Looking around there was no answer, making Cassandra purse her lips. \"Should I put this hot, tasty meal away to freeze?\" \"No.\" Cassandra jumped slightly, gripping the doll tighter. Such a faint child's voice. Such a recognisable child's voice. It didn't seem very close by, but that might've just been because of the quietness. A smile slowly spread across her face, looking at the doll in her arms. \"Well, you don't get a clear sign than that, do you Brahms?\" She knew it. She knew his spirit was still in the house! \"Come on Brahmsy, let's get you into something nicer than that suit, and much more comfy. I don't know why Mummy and Daddy put you in those. You hate suits.\" Brahms was cradled carefully in his nanny's arms as she ran up the stairs, opening the door to the doll's room and sitting his down on the bed. \"Right Brahmsy, what shall we put you in?\" Searching through his clothes (making sure to keep them neat), she soon found a red button up cardigan and a pair of jeans. \"These'll do for now, Brahmsy. We'll leave your shirt and shoes on, they match just fine. Okay, sweetness?\" She kissed his forehead again, changing his clothes as quickly and carefully as possible. \"Look at you, handsome boy!\" Picking him back up, she planted yet another kiss on his forehead as they exited the room, heading down the stairs slowly. \"It's a very lovely day today, sweetness. Remember when we would run around with the hose on hot days? We both end up soaking and on the floor, didn't we? We had so much fun together, didn't we Brahmsy?\" As she continued to walk, Cassandra chatted happily to the doll as they entered the kitchen, finding a table with an empty plate on it. Her smile got bigger, putting it into the sink to be washed when she had finished with Brahms' main activities. They wandered outside, Cassandra bouncing the doll gently to reposition him. \"Okay Brahmsy, let's do this!\" It took at least 30 minutes to find and clean all the traps, Cassandra praising Brahms on every trap he made, wondering where he found the time to make them as a child. No matter, he still deserved praise. When everything was finished, Cassandra took Brahms straight back inside to the piano so they just have a nice sit down for a while. Flipping through the book, she rolled her eyes. \"Oh Brahmsy, I feel awful for you... Listening to these all the time.\" Flexing her fingers she let them dance over the keys, 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven flowed from the piano, Cassandra smiling gently in pride that she still remembered how to play it. \"Do you like this song, Brahmsy?\" There was no signal that he didn't, so Cassandra simply continued the song. Fully, the song was 15 minutes long, and there wouldn't be a single word from Cassandra, completely focusing on the keys. It was a relaxed, yet passionate atmosphere that filled the room as she played, so immersed that she didn't even register that someone was watching her through the walls, smiling behind a mask and swaying his body gently to the new song. Already, life was getting better for him. How wonderful for Brahms. In the last few minutes of the song, Cassandra's fingers danced ever-so-swiftly over the keys, refusing to screw up after doing so well. She could do this... As it came to a close without an error, Cassandra clapped happily, proud of such an accomplishment. \"I did it Brahms!\" She stood up, picking up the doll and dancing around gently. \"My fingers tingle a little bit, but I did it... Now, I think it's time for some poetry Brahmsy, rest up for a little while.\" Searching through the shelves, Cassandra squealed in delight at finding a poetry book she recognised high up on one of the shelves. She had to stand on a step stool to reach it (even then, on her tiptoes) but she managed to grab it. \"I can't believe they still have this!\" She sat down on the couch, keeping Brahms close as she found a poem to read. \"Oh... We used to love this one, didn't we Brahmsy?\" Clearing her throat, Cassandra began to read: \"Now the stock have started dying, for the Lord has sent a drought; But we're sick of prayers and Providence - we're going to do without; With the derricks up above us and the solid earth below, We are waiting at the lever for the word to let her go. Sinking down, deeper down, Oh, we'll sink it deeper down: As the drill is plugging downward at a thousand feet of level, If the Lord won't send us water, oh, we'll get it from the devil; Yes, we'll get it from the devil deeper down. Now, our engine's built in Glasgow by a very canny Scot, And he marked it twenty horse-power, but he don't know what is what: When Canadian Bill is firing with the sun-dried gidgee logs, She can equal thirty horses and a score or so of dogs. Sinking down, deeper down, Oh, we're going deeper down: If we fail to get the water, then it's ruin to the squatter, For the drought is on the station and the weather's growing hotter, But we're bound to get the water deeper down. But the shaft has started caving and the sinking's very slow, And the yellow rods are bending in the water down below, And the tubes are always jamming, and they can't be made to shift Till we nearly burst the engine with a forty horse-power lift. Sinking down, deeper down, Oh, we're going deeper down: Though the shaft is always caving, and the tubes are always jamming, Yet we'll fight our way to water while the stubborn drill is ramming - While the stubborn drill is ramming deeper down. But there's no artesian water, though we've passed three thousand feet, And the contract price is growing, and the boss is nearly beat. But it must be down beneath us, and it's down we've got to go, Though she's bumping on the solid rock four thousand feet below. Sinking down, deeper down, Oh, we're going deeper down: And it's time they heard us knocking on the roof of Satan's dwellin'; But we'll get artesian water if we cave the roof of hell in - Oh! we'll get artesian water deeper down. But it's hark! the whistle's blowing with a wild, exultant blast, And the boys are madly cheering, for they've struck the flow at last; And it's rushing up the tubing from four thousand feet below, Till it spouts above the casing in a million-gallon flow. And it's down, deeper down - Oh, it comes from deeper down; It is flowing, ever flowing, in a free, unstinted measure From the silent hidden places where the old earth hides her treasure - Where the old earth hides her treasures deeper down. And it's clear away the timber, and it's let the water run: How it glimmers in the shadow, how it flashes in the sun! By the silent bells of timber, by the miles of blazing plain It is bringing hope and comfort to the thirsty land again. Flowing down, further down; It is flowing deeper down To the tortured thirsty cattle, bringing gladness in its going; Through the droughty days of summer it is flowing, ever flowing - It is flowing, ever flowing, further down.\" Putting the book down, she gave a 'hmph' sound. \"I never realised how depressing that poem could actually be... Beautiful piece, but rather depressing. No wonder you got so upset when we were kids, you knew the truth.\" Looking at the time, Cassandra hummed slightly at seeing it was only 3:30. Thinking for a moment, a light bulb went off. \"Hey Brahmsy, let's try and find our Tolkien set! We can read some before dinner, yeah?\" She'd looked everywhere, no sign of the books. Feeling disheartened, Cassandra knew there was only one place she hadn't checked. The attic, and she really didn't want to. The attic always frightened her, and it was the last place she wanted to go. Keeping Brahms' bedroom door open, she sat him down on the bed with a small smile. \"Now Brahmsy, I can't take you up there with me, because it's very dangerous. I won't be long, sweetness, but I need you to be a good boy. I'll just have a quick look, because makes me very scared, so I'll be back before you know it.\" She placed another kiss on his forehead, almost trying to reassure herself, before grabbing her small torch. \"I'll leave your door open so you can see where I go, Brahms, but don't try and follow me up here. You could get hurt.\" Not like the doll actually could follow her, but she wanted to make sure, just in case. Taking a shaky breath, she pulled the attic door down with the hatch pole, the ladder came down rather quickly with it, making the already on-edge woman jump. Clearing her throat and turning to the doll once more, she gave a shaky smile as it's lifeless eyes continued to watch her. \"Probably shouldn't do this in heels, but never mind. I live for danger.\" Beginning to climb the ladder, Cassandra began to talk to herself in an subconscious attempt to reassure herself. \"It's all okay Cassandra, it's just an attic. It's just another part of this house, that's all.\" She turned the torch on, letting out another shaky breath. Looking around with the torch, she started taking a few shaky steps forwards, her eyes constantly flicking back and forth to spot both danger and the books. She was only a few feet away from the attic opening when it suddenly slammed shut, Cassandra whirling around so fast her spine screamed for a moment. \"No, no, no, no, no!\" She ran back over, trying to get it to open again with no luck. \"Oh god... No, no, no.\" She scrambled to her feet, her heart beginning to move like a hummingbird's wings. \"Come on, why now? How dare you betray me, door? I trusted you!\" Her torch sweeped the attic, not seeing anything. Cassandra let out a slight scream when she heard a child's laughter come from the opposite end of the attic. Taking a deep swallow and walking slowly in that direction on shaking legs. \"Brahmsy, is that you?\" She called out, only hearing another faint laugh. \"Brahmsy, I told you not to follow me up here. It's very dangerous.\" She screamed again when something was dropped right by her feet, making her take a few steps back, verging on hysterical tears. \"Brahms, this isn't funny!\" She called out again, finally aiming her torch downwards quickly to what was down by her feet. The Lord of the Rings collection, complete with the Hobbit as an extra. Slowly, she got down on her knees and picked them up. As she went to stand up again, the shaking in her legs - aided by her heels - lead her to fall back against some kind of post. It was silent, aside from the tears hitting the floor, until she heard footsteps behind her. Turning her body, her torch shining everywhere, but seeing nothing. Screaming when there was a bang, Cassandra watched as the ladder fell back down, noting that the noise was just the attic opening again. \"So now you want to behave?\" She practically slid down the ladder, running into Brahms' room and collapsing down onto the bed, taking the doll with her. The books had been dropped onto the bedroom floor, Cassandra gripping Brahms tightly and her tears darkening part of his jumper. It stayed that way for a long while, until the sun began to go down and Cassandra rushed to make sure there was light in the house. If there was one thing she hated more than a creepy attic, it was the darkness in the attic. Just the dark in general. As she headed back upstairs to fetch Brahms to make sure he was there when she was making dinner, it shocked her to find that he wasn't in his room. \"Brahms?\" She called out softly, walking down the hallways slowly and opening doors to make sure she didn't miss him. \"Brahmsy? Sweetness? Where are you?\" There was no further indication, making worry build up in her chest. \"Sweetness, you're scaring me...\" She was approaching a door near the end of the hallway. A door she recognised, and it was ajar with light shining through. Her old bedroom from when she would stay over. The Heelshire's decided that Cassandra needed her own room when she was a child with how often she slept over, but they had purposely made the rooms far apart. The children Brahms and her used to be would spend all night awake together if they didn't separate the bedrooms. Looking back on it, the memories made Cassandra want to laugh, but she was too concerned with finding Brahms. Speeding up her walk, Cassandra pushed the door open to find a perfect poised Brahms sitting on the edge of her bed, also finding all of her missing luggage. Smiling, she picked up the doll and kissed his forehead again. \"How lovely Brahms, you wanted to show me where everything was. You're so sweet, aren't you sweetness? Yes you are.\" Suddenly, panic rose as Cassandra remembered the hidden presents, not wanting Brahms to find them. \"Come on then Brahmsy, time for tea.\" What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out![Chapter 3] I don't own The Boy, it's storyline or any characters. Only my own characters and story lines. K' love you all! Thank you to anyone who favourited/followed and reviewed... Unless you Voldemort and you tried to kill Mama Unicorn. Brahms never meant to make her cry. He didn't mean to make his precious Cassie sad. He had forgotten she was frightened of the dark, and now he felt like a fool. Brahms had promised to be a good boy, and now he had already made her upset. He had to make it up to Cassie. She seemed to have forgiven him, now happily chatting away to his doll in the kitchen, but the tear stains on her cheeks made his heart hurt. He had made sure all her luggage was in her room, but that wasn't enough. Making sure she had clothes and necessities was just common decency. What could he do? Perhaps something to stop the house being so dark at night? As long as she was awake, he would be too, so he could make sure she'd never have to walk around in the dark around the house. That would be nice for her. But what about her room? The lamp she had in her room when she was younger was long gone, and he didn't know what to do about that. It was clear she hadn't noticed her missing lamp, and he knew she didn't bring one with her. Brahms had looked through her luggage to ensure that. She would have to find a large amount of candles about to keep her room lit enough, and she could never sleep with the main light in her room on (they tried that when she was little). Having so many candles was a very large fire hazard, so they certainly couldn't do that. So, it was decided in Brahms' mind that he would find her a lamp somewhere in the house. He was almost certain he'd seen lamps around in the unused parts of the house. Perhaps, even Mummy and Daddy's room. It wasn't like anything bad would happen to his little Cassie. He would protect her. He would protect her until the last breath left his body, whenever that might be. Still, he watched as she stood and put her plate in the sink, picking up the doll and leaving the warm food on the table like at lunch for him. Perhaps she didn't like the idea of freezing food for him, and wanted him to eat it at its best. Either way, was very grateful for it. Cassandra took Brahms upstairs, changing him into his pyjamas and taking him into the bathroom, draping a hand towel over his shoulders, making sure his front was covered properly. She ran a small amount of hot water in the sink, dipping a clean cloth in the water and getting on her knees to be at the right height to the doll, who was perched on the toilet seat lid. No chance of him falling in. Carefully, she began to clean the porcelain skin on his face and hands. \"Got to remember behind the ears, don't we Brahmsy?\" Cassandra giggled, kissing his tiny hands and using the towel to dry him off. \"Do Mummy and Daddy make sure you're clean?\" She picked him up, spinning once in a circle and smiling. \"Well, you're going to be very clean with me here, okay sweetness?\" She wondered into Brahms' bedroom, picking up the Hobbit and climbing into the bed with the doll. Brahms was tucked into Cassandra's side, resting against her ample bust as she opened the book, smiling when the memories came back to her. \"In a hole in the ground there lived a Hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.\" Cassandra read for at least two hours, getting lost in the book again, just as she did years ago. It was only when the time on the clock that she finished the chapter, escaping the bed. She put the book on the side, carefully tucking Brahms in again. \"Goodnight Brahmsy.\" She kissed his forehead, fixing his hair. \"We'll do more tomorrow, I promise. Maybe we can find some puzzles...\" Smiling gently, she kissed him once more. \"You call me if you need anything, love. I'm only down the hall.\" Getting up, she left the room with wish goodnight. Turning off his light and walking to her room, the doll was left illuminated by his lamp alone, blank eyes staring where his Cassie stood. The woman in question had only just got into her room and closed the door when she spotted a lamp on either side of her bed, plugged in and on night stands. She was sure they hadn't been there before... The night stands, yes, but not the lamps. Thinking nothing of it - she must've just missed them - turning them on and changing into a knee length satin nightgown. Cassandra turned off the main light and climbed into the spacious, soft bed, pulling out her phone and busying herself on Temple Run 2 to keep her track record. It had only been about half an hour when she was distracted by loud crying. Close crying. Familiar crying. \"Oh Brahmsy...\" She threw off the covers and sped towards the door. Throwing open the door, she jumped at the sight of Brahms sat by the opposite wall. Immediately, Cassandra picked him up, holding him close and bouncing him, making a soft 'shh' as the cries continued. \"Oh sweetness, what's wrong? What happened?\" Seeing the dark halls, Cassandra took him into her own room and closed the door, the cries calming as soon as the door slammed. Her mind whirred as she tried to think why he'd want to be in here and not his own room. Surely this was out of routine... As she paced, the cries disappeared completely, Cassandra resting her cheek on his hair. \"Oh sweetness, did you have a nightmare?\" She remembered that Brahms would always run in here if he had a bad dream when they were children, and they both got a comfort out of having someone else with them, instead of being in two separate rooms where they were vulnerable. She wondered if he ever ran to his parents. But how could a spirit have a nightmare? Well, not like it mattered. She was his Nanny, and it was her job to do whatever he needed. \"All right Brahmsy, but just this once.\" Carrying him into her bed, she settled down with the lifeless doll, holding him close and whispering another goodnight into his hair. With a final kiss on his forehead, Cassandra drifted off to sleep without a problem, completely oblivious to the very lively eyes watching the sleeping woman, elated his plan had worked and thrilled that his Cassie could sleep easily with the lamps he'd stolen from Mummy and Daddy's room. He hoped she would hold the doll every night, practically feeling her warmth on his body, as he silently came into her room. His feet were silent against the carpeted floor, a small pair of scissors in one hand. Soon, he would be able to stay in here. Soon, she would actually hold him that way and give him all the kisses he wanted. Soon, he'd be able to press into her side as she read to him in her sweet voice. Aah, he could listen to her read for days without rest. Stilling, his fingers lightly danced through her hair, marvelling at the soft, silky feeling, before choosing a spot that wouldn't be obvious. He only cut off about two and a half inches, but that was enough for Brahms. So, he just stood for a good while, looking down at the sleeping figure and silently admiring her. She was so perfect. So perfect for him, anyway. It wasn't like anyone else would have her. She promised. He would have to keep an eye on Malcolm. For all he knew, Malcolm could sweep in and try and take his sweet Cassie away. He couldn't have that. She was his. So, he would just have to keep an extra close watch on Malcolm, and handle things accordingly if anything went too far. There was movement in the bed, Brahms tilting his head at seeing Cassie shuffle, pulling the doll closer. \"Goodnight, Cassie...\" What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out![Chapter 4] I don't own The Boy, it's story line or any characters. Only my own characters and story lines. K' love you all! Thank you to anyone who favourited/followed and reviewed... Unless you Voldemort and you tried to kill Mama Unicorn. That night, Cassandra had a very odd dream, but yet it wasn't a dream at all. It was a memory. She was eight years old again. Her hair was back in a braid that was decorated with silver beads, some of the front strands framing her face. She was in a light blue dress that fell to her knees, white tights and dainty little blue shoes. A grin was breaking out over her face, holding a present wrapped neatly in silver paper as she ran towards the doors of the imposing Heelshire Manor. \"Brahms!\" She was yelling, even though he wouldn't be able to hear her, hearing the party going on inside the house. All adults with their children to keep up appearances, of course, but at least Brahms and her could escape to other parts of the house and be away from it all. Her parents calmly opened the door for their tiny daughter, watching as ran in, filled with excitement to see her friend. Cassandra ignored all the cooing adults who spotted the adorable child, making straight for the dining table. \"Brahms!\" Hearing his name, the sullen birthday boy looked up, spotting Cassandra with a small smile ghosting on his lips. A chair was pulled out for her, hopping up and handing the present over with a hopeful expression. \"I hope you like it~\" \"I like anything you give me, Cassie.\" Brahms lightly patted her hair with one hand, before carefully unwrapping the present with his deft fingers. He never liked ripping them open, much preferring to gently pick it apart so he wouldn't ruin the pretty silver. So patient. Once the paper was undone and off, Brahms' face lit up brightly and he beamed at his friend. Lord, Cassandra loved his smile. It was rare to see a bright smile on Brahms' face these days, so it was such a treasure to see. She would remember that smile for all her years after. \"It's beautiful, Cassie!\" And indeed it was. It was a polished oak and steel kit of beginner sculpting tools. Cassandra knew that he'd wanted to start the craft, and now he'd have the proper tools to begin. \"Thank you,\" \"You're welc-\" she was cut off as he hugged her tight, something else that was very unusual, so she loosely wrapped her arms around him. \"Everyone else got me boring thing,\" he whispered gently in her ear, Cassandra's eyes looking at the generic gifts of teddy bears and wooden presents for a non-typical boy. It just proved to her how little they knew or cared about him. \"How irritating,\" she muttered, getting slightly uncomfortable with how long Brahms had been holding her. \"Let's go play outside, okay Brahms?\" \"Okay Cassie... It's too loud in here for me,\" he took her leading hand, following silently as Cassandra weaved through the crowd stealthily, not wanting anyone to stop Brahms and wish him a false 'happy birthday' to simply make him more anxious. Once Cassandra had got them out, Brahms was able to walk beside the smaller child, gripping her hand a little tighter as they headed into the trees and out of sight. \"Emily's coming soon.\" \"Oh dear,\" Cassandra frowned slightly, taking them both deeper into the trees. She was never Emily's biggest fan, but she wasn't so bad at times. \"At least I'll be here to make sure she doesn't grate on you too much.\" \"Hmmmm...\" Brahms fell silent, a very different air coming about him as their homemade swing came into view. No one could reach them here, and no one else knew of its existence. Their little sanctuary away from it all. They'd managed to find a thick wood piece able to hold them both so the could sit and swing together, and it had made the world of difference. Brahms was still holding her hand, looking at his feet as they swung gently. \"I hope she never finds this place,\" Brahms spoke softly, his voice very airy. \"She'd ruin it, and I couldn't stand that.\" \"Emily wouldn't do that, Brahms.\" Cassandra ran her free hand over his hair. \"Besides, what could you do if she did?\" \"Make her disappear.\" With such a causal tone, she may have thought he was talking about a magic trick. \"I'd make her disappear forever...\" Her eyes fluttered open, the sun streaming through the curtain gaps, and she held her head up with her eyes glaring slightly. After a few moments, she realised there was no doll her bed and she was filled with panic, all sleepiness forced from her body. Turning her head, Cassandra saw her door was wide open; bolting from her bed and into the hallways, her eyes darting to try and find the missing doll. \"Brahms?\" Spotting the open door to his bedroom, she carefully peered around the door and getting filled with relief at seeing the doll perched on the bed with clothes in a neat pile beside him. Crossing her arms loosely under her chest, she let out a long sigh. \"Don't just vanish like that, Brahms. You scared me.\" Shaking her head, she lifted him into her arms and travelled to the bathroom. \"I thought you'd run away.\" Kissing his hair, they continued the ritual of washing the doll before dressing him in the clothes that had been piled: a pair of jeans, a white shirt, braces for some reason, and comfortable shoes. \"Alright then love, lets get me dressed and then we can have breakfast.\" Taking the doll back into her room, Cassandra opened her suitcase, her eyes widening at seeing none of her clothes inside. She was sure she had gotten her nightgown out of it last night. Opening her wardrobe, she saw every dress hanging up in length order, her shoes neatly lined up on the bottom with her scarves, shawls and hats organised on the top section. \"What in the name of...\" Pulling open all her drawers, she found her t-shirts, trousers and shorts, underwear, socks all neatly packed away with her makeup on top of the drawers. \"How?\" Cassandra could've sworn she didn't put any of her clothes away yesterday. She knew she didn't. Turning to face the doll perched on the edge of her bed, she frowned deeply. \"Is this you?\" No response. \"Brahms, while I appreciate the gesture, you shouldn't be going through my things.\" No answer. Huffing, she grabbed what she needed and stormed into the bathroom. Cassandra had forgotten how intrusive Brahms could be - perhaps due to his childish curiousity - but she would have to teach him to respect privacy. It was no good if she couldn't even keep her clothes sacred. Changing into a tight fitting pair of black jeans, a short sleeved button-up white shirt, black lace-up heels and a pair of black braces. \"Well, it would seem I'm matching Brahms today,\" simply pulling her hair into a braid, her mind momentarily relayed the memory she had tried to bury. That very day, Emily had died and Brahms had been swallowed by flames. What a horrible day it had been, despite the wonderful beginning. It was last time Cassandra had seen Brahms' smile... Such a beautiful smile. A loud bang from the bedroom made Cassandra jump, dashing out of the bathroom; she saw all the drawers closed and the wardrobe doors had been slammed shut. Without thinking, she rushed forward and ripped the doors open, moving the clothes around and finding no sign of anyone. She spun around as the bedroom door creaked open slowly, running to the door on adrenaline to look down the halls both ways and, again, seeing nothing. \"This isn't funny Brahms!\" Calling out, she quickly glanced to the bed and, as she suspected, found no doll. \"Brahms!\" \"Cassie...\" A faint, childlike voice came from down the stairs, the muscles in her legs beginning to violently shake. \"Cassie?\" \"Brahms?\" Slowly, she headed out of the room, her legs still trembling underneath her. \"Where are you?\" \"Find me, Cassie.\" Oh no. \"Come and play, Cassie! \" \"Brahmsy, sweetness, please...\" She let out a small sigh, getting herself together. Brahms wanted to play, and if she had any hope of finding him she had to do as he wanted. It was her job to indulge him, and it seemed he had learned it all too well. \"Give me a clue, Brahms! Where are you?\" \"Telephone.\" Cassandra headed swiftly down the stairs, running along the hall until she saw the telephone by the door, her heels not appreciated all this running. She sighed, putting her hands on her hips and shaking her head slowly. \"Well, I see no Brah-\" The telephone rang shrilly, cutting off her sentence and her hand shook crazily as she lifted it to her ear. \"Hello?\" \"Cassie?\" Her heart stopped. It was one thing hearing his voice faintly around the house, but hearing it right in her ear evoked so many memories. \"I missed you, Cassie.\" \"Brahms...\" Tears built in her eyes, hearing his soft breath on the other end of the line. \"Don't cry, Cassie... I hate it when you cry,\" his voice was soft, quelling her emotions. \"Come find me.\" \"Where are you?\" \" Hiding.\" \"Hiding where?\" \"Secret.\" The phone went dead, leaving Cassandra in a stunned silence. Where would he be? Why would he run off to play before having breakfast? More importantly, why didn't he let her eat? He knew she struggled to function without food in the morning. 'Think now, Cassandra. Where would Brahms Heelshire be hiding?' Chewing on her bottom lip, she stood in silence, her head slowly turning towards the front door, swallowing a lump in her throat as the realisation washed over her. The swing. Brahms would be at the swing. What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out![Chapter 5] I don't own The Boy, it's story line or any characters. Only my own characters and story lines. K' love you all! Thank you to anyone who favourited/followed and reviewed... Unless you Voldemort and you tried to kill Mama Unicorn. Collecting her thoughts, Cassandra dashed out of the house; she focused on the trees exactly thirty-five and a half feet from where she stood. Letting out a shaky breath, she started off with a soft jog to reach the treeline, often turning her head to look back at the house. She didn't want to go to that swing. Bad things happened at that swing. Bad things she'd fought to forget. Bad things the Doctors had forced her to remember... She didn't want to go back in here, but what choice did she have? This had started so innocent. Just a game of Hide and Seek, but now Brahms wanted her to go the swing. To relive what had been their last moments together. He never even got a chance to use the kit she got him... What was he trying to get out of this? Was it just for the bittersweet irony of sorts, or was it something far more sinister? That made her worry. Although Brahms was predictable to an extent, there were always times like this where you never quite knew what was going through his brain. Her own brain was spinning as she continued cautiously through the trees, the entrance no longer visible as she began to recite the familiar landmarks. \"Bumpy tree, turn left 45 degrees... Witch hut with red rope, turn right 30 degrees... Continue on straight...\" Reeling off the old instructions quietly, Cassandra navigated her way through the thick trees, it wasn't long enough before she reached the entanglement of trees that hid the swing from sight, along with the second Witch hut tied with blue rope that they'd made in case they needed shelter from rain. Cassandra's breath had momentarily caught in her throat, her brain stopping for a moment. Her muscles were beginning to tremble again, every part of her demanding her to not go any further into those trees, but he'd left her no other option. Cassandra had been hired to take care of this little boy, and she wasn't blind to the fact he was abusing her position in this situation. After putting on a brave face - blocking any memories that would try and be seen again - Cassandra stormed to the tree entanglement, weaving her way into the clearing. Sure enough, sitting on the softly moving swing, was Brahms. Staring at her with dirt on the doll's cheek, Cassandra couldn't stop herself from seeing the live boy he once was. His hair would've been in a rare mess (gained from the winds by swinging), expensive shoes scuffed from the ground, eyes sparkling in happiness... Silly little Brahms. Carefully, Cassandra approached the doll, looking down at him with eyes that looked lost. \"You're in a heap of trouble, Mister...\" Picking him up, her hand ran over the old wood that was beginning to decay from the exposure. It was a sad sight, and just more irony when she thought on it. It was so beautiful when they'd made it, so much effort and accomplishment from the young children. It was the best thing ever to them, and now it held regrets, sadness and tragedy, and so it showed to Cassandra in the very wood itself. Despite it all, and before she could stop herself, Cassandra had sat on the dry wood, her feet only just touching the floor, as the doll sat quietly on her lap. \"I was going to make pancakes this morning, but you purposely disobeyed me.\" Fixing the doll's hair yet again. she sighed. \"It's plain ol' scrambled egg on toast for you today, Mister, and no reading today either.\" Cassandra knew how much he liked being read to, and she hoped this would teach him a lesson, even if only a little. \"Don't run off like that again, Brahms, and I mean it. I was so frightened! This places was tarnished, you know that. It was-\" \" Emily. \" That little voice was heard again, but it sounded both angrier and closer. Like he was about to bubble over with rage. \" Emily did that .\" \"Brahms...\" \" I told you she would ruin it, pretty Cassie. You didn't believe me, and that's okay, because I was right. \" \"Of course you were. You were always right.\" Cassandra needed to play along, she knew that already. Brahms was angry, and nothing good happened with that. Right now, she was the only other person in his presence, and that scared her, so she had to calm him down. \"Don't you think we should go back now for breakfast? We'll fix the swing at some point, maybe.\" \" Alright, pretty Cassie- \" he never called her pretty, and now he'd done it twice. Cassandra's mind began to wonder what she could do, and then she remembered the letter that Mr. Heelshire had left her, under her pillow. She should've read it earlier, but now she really had to. \" We'll go. \" Good, this was good. As she began to walk out of the godforsaken place, she refrained a shiver as she felt eyes burning into her back and heard his voice one last time. \" Will you sing when we get there? \" \"If that's what you want, Brahms. If that's what you want...\" Brahms Ahh she looked so beautiful as she walked away, still predominantly unaware I was even here. So sweet, Cassie. So naive, Cassie. I would be lying if I said I wasn't annoyed by the fact she wouldn't be reading to me tonight, but then again it was only for today and I had disobeyed her. Mummy and Daddy always punished me far worse if I disobeyed them, so this was nothing, and there was so much we could fill our time together that missing out on reading wasn't bad at all. Still,she had come to find me, despite being oh-so very scared. Such a brave girl, was my Cassie. Such a good girl, was my Cassie. I smiled behind the face that was loved, ecstatic that she'd passed my little test, and far faster than I thought she would. Silly me, underestimating her. I knew now that she would come for me no matter what, and that pleased me more than anything. I followed at a safe distance behind my Cassie, watching how her hips gently swung as she walked with a small smile on my face. I was excited for many reasons, but others had more excitement poured into them. 1. It was birthday in five days. It would be six if I counted today, but I never did that. It's weird. I wondered what Cassie had got me, and I had no doubt it would be lovely. They always were. 2. I would get to hear her sing. It had been so long since I had heard her sing, and I was very excited indeed to hear that lovely voice. I wonder what she's going to sing for me? There were so many options with Cassandra, and how very happy that made me. Ahh, she was too lovely sometimes. 3. I couldn't remember the last time I'd had scrambled egg on toast. Mummy and Daddy always gave me frozen things, but Cassie was making sure I ate the food at its best. I hope I'm allowed ketchup with it. I like ketchup a lot. How very lucky I am. How very happy I am. 4. Maybe I would go out from the walls today, and she could take care of me properly. That would be the best scenario. Perhaps I shouldn't be so very hasty, but I have waited a very long time to have her to take care of me. I've waited too long... But enough with such a list - one already dictates my life -I've not got the time to continue to think of any other reason. I had stories and music to listen to, food to eat and a dilemma to contemplate. If I do show myself, Cassie could try to run away, and I couldn't have that. I would have to make sure she could never leave again; not only was that an incredible waste of my effort, but I didn't want to have to scold her for not following the rules. I was the one who had to be good (and she hadn't done anything wrong so far) but that didn't mean she could get away with being bad. On the other hand, she may not run at all. She had come into the place she fears the most just to get me, and maybe the fact that I'm alive and not a ghost will make more sense in that beautiful mind of hers. Undoubtedly, she would need time to adjust – both of us would – but I was ready, and so she should be as well. She was mine, and so she had no choice. I'd waited far too long to be as patient as I should be. It was just us for now, and I wanted to savour every moment of it before Mummy and Daddy come home, because then it will be much harder for us to find any time where it would be just the two of us. I didn't want them to come back too soon, and they didn't tell me when they'd be back, so it was essentially now or never. Mummy always did say I was far too impulsive for my own good. With my behaviour, my thoughts, my decisions… Especially the decisions to do with those pathetic excuses for nannies. Especially with what I did to Emily… I didn't want to, but what choice was left? They didn't do their job properly, and I had told my parents plainly who I wanted. If they had listened to me, then all those women would still be alive! I'm not the impulsive one, Mummy and Daddy made the impulsive decision to ignore my demands every single time, and then couldn't reap what they'd sown… I... I just love writing Brahms. It's becoming a thing, although I don't think they'll be another Brahms POV for a couple of chapters. All kicking off now my people What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out![Chapter 6] I don't own The Boy, it's story line or any characters. Only my own characters and story lines. K' love you all! Thank you to anyone who favourited/followed and reviewed... Unless you Voldemort and you tried to kill Mama Unicorn. Cassandra had come back into the kitchen, placing the doll down on the table and spinning over to the worktop. Putting the bread in the toaster, Cassandra got to work on melting butter in the frying pan and mixing together the salt, milk, eggs, pepper and – for some reason – coriander. Pouring the mixture into the frying pan, she waited until it had begun to get solid before moving the spatula back and forth to scramble it. When the toast popped back up, she buttered the pieces and put another two pieces in for herself. \"I seem to be having a lot of toast lately, huh Brahms?\" Of course there was no response – there never was unless he wanted to say something relevant to himself – but Cassandra got on with what she had to do. Eventually, a soft melody began to fall from her lips ( Crying in the Chapel by Elvis) as she put the scrambled eggs onto the toast, spinning to the sink and washing the dishes before they got food stuck to them; putting the plate on the table afterwards, she pulled a small bottle of ketchup out of the fridge – along with a knife and fork – before picking up the doll and walking to the door, turning her head back slightly. \"I expect that finished and in the sink within thirty minutes, little spirit boy, okay? How a spirit eats, I don't know, but apparently you do,\" With that, she took the doll and herself up the stairs and into her room, quickly sitting on the bed and pulling out the letter under one of her pillows, resting Brahms against said pillow so he wasn't just strewn on the bed. Carefully, she peeled open the envelope and took out a thin piece of paper; crossing her legs under her, she slowly unfolded the paper and began to read: Sweet girl, we have lied to you for too long, and it's time that the truth reveals itself, as it should've years ago. If there was one other person we should've trusted with this ungodly truth, then it should've been you from the start, but you were just a child and you were broken over Brahms' death. Now you must know. It was cruel of us to leave you with him, but even crueller not to tell you now. None of this so far had made sense to Cassandra. How was it cruel of them to leave her with Brahms? He had been a bit mischievous, nothing out of the ordinary, so why were they making such a huge deal out of this? She supposed the answer would come if she kept reading. Brahms is not what you believe. For years we have hidden the truth from you and it has eaten us from the inside outwards. Brahms' spirit is not residing in the house: he is. Don't be fooled by his childish voice, Cassandra, he's powerful and dangerous… We're so sorry for leaving you with him, but how else could we escape the monster that is our son? He's in the walls, Cassandra. Watching you. All day, all night. He'll never stop – he loves you too much – but don't ever think for one second that you're alone, because you aren't. Don't ever let your guard down. No matter what you do, he's watching you from the walls. Even right now. Cassandra's head whipped around the room, all of a sudden feeling flooded with emotions: betrayal, suspicion, confusion… Fear. She folded the letter quickly and put it in her pocket, her eyes all of a sudden glued on the walls and approaching them slowly. Staying at arms distance, she reached out and knocked twice on the wall in front of her, waiting for some kind of response. Knock. Knock. The noises came from the wall behind her bed, making a shuddering breath escape her lips as she slowly made her way over, knocking again and immediately getting a response, falling back onto the bed and pulling her legs up so nothing could grab them. How could she have been so stupid? How could she have not realised before? The food would disappear because he was alive, he could cry because he was alive, the doll could move because the real Brahms was moving it to make it look like it was possessed doll! She was an idiot… A foolish, blind, naïve idiot. Tears of rage began to burn in her eyes, staring straight at the wall where the knocks were last heard. \"How could you do this to me?! How could let them do this to me?! I thought we were friends, Brahms! I always thought we always were, but apparently not enough for you to let me suffer for years ! I thought you were dead: I have grieved for you since that fire and you didn't even die! How could you?!\" Practically flying off the bed, she left the doll there and stormed across the hallway, yanking down the attic door and stairs. \"It was you up there... It was you that frightened me wasn't it? Some friend you are!\" Leaving the ladder down, she pushed past it and ran down the stairs; shoving the doors open, Cassandra's legs moved on their own accord toward the swing that had haunted her for so many years: the swing that had falsely haunted her. For so long, she believed that this swing was her last memory with Brahms while he was alive, but no, because he'd lied to her and been alive this whole time… \"How could he do this me?\" Her voice was a broken whisper by the time she reached the swing, falling onto the old wood and gripping the roped tightly as tears of betrayal and anger burned down her face, her lip bleeding slightly from how hard she was biting. \"How could he lie? How could they lie?\" Cassandra had believed for so long that the Heelshire's were good people – loving people – but they had lied and left her alone with their apparent monster of a son… All this time, they were just using her to get away from Brahms, and now here she was: right where they wanted her. If they had been right, if she tried to leave then she figured Brahms wouldn't let her. She was all he had, and right now Cassandra didn't want any part in it. \"… How could I be such a fool to believe it?\" Suddenly, she felt those eyes on her back again, turning the upper half of her body, but seeing no one. Jumping off the swing, she wiped the tears from her face and did her best to stand without shaking. \"Why are you hiding, Brahms? Are you afraid, because I'll tell you I am. I'm afraid that the one person I thought I could always trust turned out to be a liar!\" \"Cassie, stop it.\" It was that childlike voice again, but it was so damn close to her and was impossible to place. An opposite of her aggressive tone, the voice sounded – essentially – exasperated. \"You stop it!\" \"Stop yelling, Cassie. I don't like it,\" \"I don't like being lied to,\" Cassandra took a breath, steadying herself. This was still Brahms, and she had to be rational – even though none of this was rational. Her built-in survival instinct took over her brain, and her temper fell (only on the outside) if she had any hope of getting Brahms to actually show himself. \"You have ten seconds to show yourself in front of me or I will get seriously angry with you,\" \"Cassie-\" \"One… Two… Three… Four… Five… Six… Seven… Eig–\" She didn't have a chance to actually finish, a tall and broad figure stepping out from the trees. He was considerably bigger than her (height and width wise) and she swallowed thickly at the eerie, intimidating figure about fifteen feet from her. Messy black curls fell around his head, brushing past his ears and some of it falling over a porcelain mask that made Cassandra withhold a cringe. His greyish eyes stared at her while she began to naturally frown when she saw how filthy his clothes were. \"Hello Brahms,\" \"Cassie…\" I know it's a little short but I wanted to give you all something. You're all so patient and so supportive! But the next is almost finished so that should be up soon! Thank you all for your patience. What's up, Unicorns! Hope you enjoyed! Have a fabulous day daaahhllinnnggsss! 0^0 Weasel out! ","Summary":" I don't own The Boy, it's storyline or any characters. Only my own characters and storylines. K' lo"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Wildest Fantisies","Author":"PureDiva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9492639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One: Footloose I can still hear it. \" Two, two, one, two. Mic check one, two. One, two.\" The people all gathered to the empty lot, were Bobby Moore had bought his little sister, Gabrielle and his friends every time the football team won a game. Dancing and Jumping. Gabrielle, or \"Energizer\" had ADD, her brother and his friends were the only ones who treated her like she wasn't made of glass, they knew her and they were lucky for that. They were all dancing in the empty lot behind Wilkerson Place, the keg was nearly tapped, and red cups littered the stick ground. But it didn't matter to us, it was perfect. The DJ spoke again, \"Oh yeah, Y'all know what's coming up, don't you?\" Of course they did. \"Come on, I got it right here. I got it right here.\" Get on with the song DJ. \"Bomont High School, where you at?\" They all screamed \"Here!\" Now Gabrielle was only a freshman, but she did still count. Bobby gave her that award-winning smile as his girlfriend gave her a hug from behind, an insanely dazzling girl. Kelly. \"We got something to celebrate!\" Everyone whooped as Gabby felt Bobby watching her in the way older brothers did. It was like he was happy when he saw her like this. She wasn't the way with him, the way she was with everone else. If that makes any sense. It's been three damn years, so problably not. \" Bomont Panthers, 31! Bayson Bulldogs, 17! We killed 'em, y'all! Yeah! All right, I want everybody on the dance floor!\" Kelly grabbed Gabrielle's hand and pulled her foreward. \"Come on! What? What? Y'all ready to party? Get up, get up! I though this was a party! Let's dance!\" Everyone screamed as the haunting opening notes to footloose played, leading into the song Been working so hard I'm punching my card Eight hours for what? Oh, tell me what I got I've got this feeling That time's just holding me down Gabrielle's dark hair shined from the flash as she leaned in with her only friends as someone took a picture of this exact moment. It was the happiest she'd ever been, and thought it was the happiest she'd ever be, as Engergizer, the mascot of my brother's group of friends, and not Gabrielle Moore, the freak preacher's daughter. She loved them. They loved her. I'll hit the ceiling Or else I'll tear up this town Tonight I got to cut loose Footloose Kick off your Sunday shoes Please, Louise Pull me off of my knees Jack, get hack Come on, before we crack Lose your blues Everybody cut footloose \"Hey, Robert!\" Gabrielle called to the missing member of the party, \"Yeah!\" he lifted her up and swung me around, She knew she was a tiny person, and Robert loved teasing me. \" Bomont High, where are you at now?\" The DJ called again as the song drew to a close, Gabrielle couldn't really remember what they were talking about, but she hopped up to my big brother, lights from the party reflecting on his dumpy car. He grinned at her. \"We're heading to Mama's, need a ride?\" Mama's was the local diner. Best waffles in the state. It went out of buisness after the events of the night. Gabrielle shook her head at my brother,\" Nah, Katie's taking me, see you there?\" He noddded,\" Love you, stay safe Bunny.\" She smiled, energetic as ever, \"Love you dork!\" all the friends piled into the car as she waved, \"Bye guys!\" Robert and their friends stuck their hands out the open windows, \"Bye energizer!\" Gabrielle could barely stop crying at their feunerals. And now that the one thing that actually made the girl comfortable in her own skin was illegal, what was left? Arielle? Arielle hated her sister, but tolerated her for an unknown reason. Her parents? They didn't even see her anymore. They didn't even care. What was left? What was left? XX What was left? The words echoed as I awoke in a cold sweat, like I did every day for three years. You'd think the dream would stop surprising me. It was 4:00 AM in the morning, and the entirety of Bomont, Georgia was quiet. This was as good as it would ever get. Everone who judges you and hates your guts is asleep. It was oddly beautiful. I was an athlete now, I had to be, because my Dad didn't beleive in pills. Bobby's problably laughing his ass off in heaven, I'd wanted to be a ballerina all my life, and I was now stuck like this. Now that dancing was still Illegal, I had to have other ways to burn off all my extra energy. And with all the people that called me Energizer and treated me like an actual human were 6 feet down, I had to have something to keep me from jumping out of the window like I did the day after the last funereal. And 'Accident' I assure you. My room was made a light shade of purple as the light came through my small, rectangular window. I groaned as I thought of church at eleven, and I was somewhat happy that I had decided to put my faith elsewhere. Putting on the silver ring that the gang bought me for my birthday one year, I changed into the racerback orange tank top and black athletic shorts before grabbing my boxing gloves and my bag and quietly heading out the door. I jogged the thirty miles to Bayson in one hour before I unlocked the town's boxing club and used it without fee before anyone was awake. I could feel myself get to the point where I needed to move on from my routine. I jogged the perimeter of the town and passed the many shops that I never thought i'd try, but somehow new so well. Each house I passed had a green, even and well- manicured lawn It was 7AM when I jogged home to Bomont, I had to control me pace and keep my eyes ont he road, as there were no sidewalks and I could get hit by a car at anytime. Eh. who cares? I'd go listening to Men at Work, The Cure, or Quiet Riot anytime I got back to Bomont when I usually do, at around eight in the morning,. My mom and pop, as well as Arielle are problably awake by now, having breakfast or something. Never was one for breakfast, preferred lunch instead. I made a jog-beeline for the Bomont high school practice field and began coreographing new cheers for the cheer squad. Bobby'd of laughed his ass off about that too. I can pratically hear Robert making fun of me. Kelly would squeal and call me a mini-me as she did most of the time. Little mannerisms did make the comparison quite uncanny. \"5 . . . 6 . . . 7 . . . 8 . . . \" I performed a herkie- hurtle and a pike as I heard Katy Perry's Part of me ring through me head. You see, this ISN'T dancing, it's cheering. I blew of some more super-cheery steam as I made a note to get new tennis shoes. The usual. I was so damn bored. The grass is even boring here in Bomont. It reeked of pesticide. Something needs to happen. I'm losing my mind. Maybe I can babysit the Warnicker girls again. I can go to the Snack Bar and dance with the football team. I'm not going to jump. I will not jump again. I went through the motions and did several laps on the running track, going all out. Running. Always running. It was about 10 when I decided to head home, bag hanging from my shoulder, pink boxing gloves hanging around my neck. I couldn't wait to get home and shower. Passing several of my middle-school teachers, selling their wares at a craft fair I stopped and took in the air. I didn't know what it was at the time, because I'd never felt it before. But it was change, and it would lead to some of the happiest times of my life. A stranger was hugging the Warnicker girls, he definetly wasn't from around here. For once, it looked like life around here would get interesting. Wes smiled at me in the pity-filled way people did as I passed soundlessly, unoticed as I had learned to do flawlessly. There was a feeling in the pit of my stomach as I let out a small grin. The pavement heated up as I ran home, and finally took that shower. XX It was Church. In it's most essential form, it should be okay, getting closer to god an all that. But since I've decided to put my faith elsewhere, I've seen only more and more passive-agression. But because I'm one of the preacher's kids, I can't exactly say such thing, thought it does allow a twisted kind of freedom. Just start crying and Bonnie Fife the police man'll let you right off. I'd rather be more involved with the town's charity fund, too many kids got displaced when the music programs got cut. I'd like to do something that would get a better program that would keep everyone, ya know, occupied. Maybe work up an idea that buys ambulances for people who have to commute from farms too far out of town. \"Progress.\" No not this again, I tugged on the hem of my cream-colored dress, and tapped my matching flats, antsy. \"What does progress mean to you?\" Absolutely everything except Bomont. \"We have computers in our pockets, telephones in our automobiles, and money on a plastic card.\" My Dad went into his speech about Progress Ariel and I heard all the time at home. I stewed more about the idea I was hatching for a town charity. I shifted next to Rusty as the ancient church pews were making my butt a new kind of numb. I wish I could just be atheist, that'd probably mean I'd get burned at the stake, along with Slaughterhouse Five and Fahrenheit 451 surveyed the church as my dad said his usual speech we heard all the time at home, \"Who here today remembers a time when you had to go inside the bank to get your money?\" Nope. \"Remember old Mr. Rucker down at the Bomont State Bank?\" Everyone Fifty and over laughed in remembrance. \"Every time you made a deposit, he'd give you a piece of Bazooka gum. Now, I haven't yet met an ATM machine that would give me a piece of Bazooka chewing gum, let alone make me feel special, like Mr. Rucker did. Now, is that progress?\" Now I'm not exactly a people person, but I did volunteer at the animal shelter most of the time after school, when I wasn't hanging out at the snack bar. I was lost in thought, but brought down to earth as Rusty gave me a sly grin as Arielle was texting on her iPhone. She elbowed me in the side as I glared at her, my friend whispered in my ear quietly as my dad talked about tuning people out. \"Don't look now, but the new guy's checking you out!\" She dragged out the last word excitedly. I looked over discreetly, and sure enough the guy I saw with the Warnicker family was looking at me. He was cute too, brown hair, dark eyes. Damn. I shot back a small smile and lowered my eyes down to my shoes. 'Shake it off, you don't need a crush,' I mentally scolded myself. I was looking at a dance scholarship to Julliard, and I was not about to get a reason to stay in this tiny town. I felt myself blush as Rusty whispered; \"He's cuuuuute,\" she dragged out the words as she knocked me as we sat, playfully. \"You think everyone's cute.\" I shot back, smiling \"He's still cuuuuute.\" I smiled and let out a small giggle while avoiding the attention of my dad as he finished his sermon. XXX Rusty and her brother Dusty dragged me outside before I literally started bouncing off the walls of the beautiful building. They know me so well! I Quickly fell into the group with Dusty, Rusty, and Ariel. But I wasn't really participating, but writing down the ideas I had for charities. I was brought down from my ramblings of a madwoman as I caught a bit of the Moore-Warnicker conversation. Already caught playing music too loud? Amateur hour, he'd get caught beating curfew, or dancing. All he needed was a forged signature and a job to pay off the debt of the tickets, and like me, he'd be fine. He looked like he was the type to dance. 'Nah, too good to be true.' Things weren't that way around here. The cop stared at Ren warily and I rolled my eyes. What a great welcome, at least give the guy a warning, he is new here after all. My mom's beautiful dark hair flipped in the Georgia wind as she called Ariel and I from the conversation. \"Ariel, Gabrielle!\" She turned back to the new guy. \"I want you to meet my daughter, she goes to Bomont. You're going to need a friend on your first day.\" She pushed him slightly towards Ariel. \"This is Ren McCormack. He'll be attending school with you tomorrow.\" Mom turned back to her conversion as Ren eyed Ariel warily as she batted her blue eyes. \"This is my other daughter, Gabrielle.\" She breaks curfew, dances, and had plans. She's not as pretty as Ariel. She's sweet thought. Yeah. Sweet. I practically felt the unspoken words as she went back to talking with the Warnickers. \"Hey.\" He said in a low voice, to Ariel. \"Hey!\" she replied perkily. I don't know why I was feeling jealous, but I attempted to shake it off when Ariel immediately went to talk to our Dad with her latest scam. \"Hey Daddy?\" \"Yes Honey?\" \"Rusty, Gabby, and I have that science project due tomorrow, we're going to be working on it pretty late. I was thinking Gabby and I could stay over. Is that okay?\" I clenched my jaw as I new what the code was for. She wanted to see Chuck. Chuck the trash. He'd been hitting on me since Ariel and him had started dating, she knew I hated it, yet she kept putting me in these situations. She hates me. I know it. Can't she just leave it alone? Dusty's crazy in love with her anyway! \"On a school night? Is that necessary?\" Dad questioned protectively as Ariel put on her best doe eyes and called to Rusty \"Don't you think it's gonna take us all night\" Rusty looked at me, then Ariel. \"Yeah, sure?\" Dad replied uncertainly \"Okay, I guess it's okay.\" Ren just stood there, taking in the conversation. \"Thanks, Daddy. Bye, Momma!\" The moment they looked away, she ordered, \"Come on, let's go.\" I'm not, nor ever will be a dog. Ariel jogged off to get in the car with Rusty and yelled back, \"Gabby, let's move!\" She giggled with Rusty about something as I replied, \"Just a second!\" I turned back to Ren and uncertainly, \"It was nice to meet you Ren.\" Ariel yelled again, \"Gabby!\" I didn't want to keep the Queen waiting, \"See you at school.\" I felt everyone's eyes on me as I got into Rusty's car. 'There goes the freak' I heard someone mutter as I shut the car door behind me.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Tracks I've got energy, don't get me wrong. I am Energizer Bunny hear me roar! I've got ADD and sometimes jump off bridges. I am absolutely insane. I'd jump off Foreman's Bridge buck naked in the dead of winter if it meant I never had to go back to the Cranston Racetrack. All the redneck sleaze balls from the tri-state area all flocked here, and it was a habit whenever Ariel dragged Rusty and I here that our asses would end up posted on some hick's Facebook page. I love my ass, but I just don't want it on the Internet. I internally groaned as Ariel and Rusty hopped right out of the car as Rusty parked, I had changed from my cream dress into a tank top, ripped jeans, and some aqua converse shoes that were perfect for running if need be. \"Come on, let's go.\" Ariel took Rusty's arm and dragged her foreword, leaving me to walk through the rednecks, watching Chuck win, as usual. They were riveted. \"And with two laps to go, the leader is car number 44, Chuck Cranston!\" Spoke the commentator over the intercom. His daddy owned the track; of course he'd win. \"Coming around the last turn on the final lap... We have a winner!\" Ooh suspense. \" In the number 44 car, it's Chuck Cranston, let's hear it for Chuck!\" I felt my stomach sink as Ariel shook her ass hanging on the chain link fence that kept the people and the stadium separate. \"Yeah he just won!\" Of course he won. The weasel stuck his head out of his flame-motif racecar and blinked his beady eyes excitedly. \"Yeah, baby! Yeah, baby!\" He waved his arms like Brutus at the end of Julius Caesar, totally milking the crowd in the most disgusting way. Jesus, the sight of his face made me insane! \"Today's late-model division, two-time champion, folks.\" The commentator kind of faded to the background as I gazed on the massive show that was Chuck Cranston. He was absolutely ridiculous. Chuck gazed on me, scanning his eyes up and down my short form, and grinned. I gaged slightly as he made me feel extremely exposed before attending to my sister, who was shaking her ass for no reason and looking to Chuck like a Labrador. \"Go up there, you get that flag and get that cute ass out here right now!\" My jaw dropped as Ariel did what he said, no one talked down to her, what the hell was she doing? I yelled at Ariel to stop as she grabbed the old man's black and white flag before making out with Chuck for all the patrons of whatever this place was called. \"Ariel what are you doing?\" My heart nearly stopped as all the yelling faded away and my sister stuck her head out the window, black and white flag ready for a victory lap. My throat tightened as I gripped the chain link fence to keep from passing out, Rusty stood, terrified, digging her nails into my arm. Ariel was two seconds away from falling out of that damn racecar, breaking her neck, or hitting her head and leaving me because she's an idiot. She hates me She fucking hates me. XXX \"Gabrielle!\" I stomped away as Rusty brought the car around. \"I hope you had a good time.\" I seethed to myself. \"Gabby, I'm talking to you!\" She put on her queen Ariel voice that made me want to slap her. I stopped and turned around, \"You know when people die Ariel? One day their here, next they'd be gone. It's clear you just want to disappear! I know that you hate me, I just don't get why you make me watch you do this to yourself, especially after what happened with Bobby, you hate me! Why do you make me watch this?\" I screamed, approaching hysteria. The kind of hysteria that I never wanted to feel again, just like after the feuneral. Ariel clenched her fists, as I wasn't done with my rant. Three years people. This has been holding up for three years. \"I knew it was supposed to be me dead, I see it from you, our parents, and the entire town! I am done covering your ass and watching you slum with racecar boy. We just shouldn't talk. \" My sister ran her hands through her long blonde hair as she screeched out, \"So your just going to leave me?\" What? \"Me? Leave you? I don't know what's going on with you anymore. You aren't the only one who lost him.\" My tight throat threatened to spill tears as I saw Rusty taking in the entire thing from the car. I don't get why her brother loved Ariel. If the best of her is buried in there somewhere, Dusty dosen't deserve to do the digging, It's going to take a lot to get her back. \"I'll get my own ride back.\" \"I guess you will.\" Rusty and I didn't say anything the entire ride back to town. XXX I jogged up to the main entrance of school, Ariel and I had this not-talking thing going and I was secretly hoping that it would last until the end of the year. I had picked up so much slack when she'd snuck out to see Chuck so many times. She'd come home drunk often. I'd be the excuse of why she'd come home later than curfew. I couldn't deal with that now, I had school to think about. I breathed in the fresh scent of Bomont roses as I stopped to take off my letterman jacket. Now I know what you're thinking, why's she on the cheer and track team? Hasn't she gotten kicked off yet? Wasn't she the girl that nearly burned out half the football field after homecoming last year? Well I have to, I'm really close, and that was never proved. Dusty, Rusty's brother jogged up to me with a smile spread all over his face, he was a handsome guy, dark curly hair, and a smile that makes him an excellent accomplice when I needed help getting some \"law-breaking\" done. \"Morning sunshine how was your energy-burning?\" He wasn't the most athletic, more of the bookish type, and a lot more like Rusty, except with a bigger affinity for jalapeño pepper. \"Sup senior, it was okay, I was running late though. How was your weekend?\" he rolled his dark eyes, \"Eh, the usual. Lock self in room until Monday Morning.\" I let out a giggle, but was cut short as a yellow bug blaring 'Black and Yellow by Wiz Kahlifa.' Everyone's eyes were on the person who exited the car. Ladies and Gentleman. Ren McCormick. Dusty looked at me, inquisitively, yet also knowingly. Damn I wish I knew what was going on in his head. Ugh. \"Isn't that the new kid your Mom introduced you to at church?\" He smirked. I hate and I loved him at the same time, he was my only friend after Bobby and the gang's demise, and I sure as hell wasn't going to lose him. \"Why the thinking face?\" I stuck out my tongue as I questioned him, leaning against the wall of the illustrious Bomont High. \"Rusty told me, you think he's cute.\" My jaw dropped, \"Rusty's a liar, she totally made that up!\" He let out a jolly laugh; \"Sometimes I wish you were gay so you could give me fashion advice!\" I screeched loudly and earned a few stares as Ren was getting his stuff together in his car. That sobered Dusty up immediately, \"Your gonna get it one day Gabrielle, someone's gonna be all 'We need to kill the devil child!' he replied in an exaggerated voice. \"Aww Gabby, he's wearing tie!\" We started walking into school. \"I'm going to tell him you like his tie.\" Normally a girl would think he's teasing, but this is Dusty of all people, he's been matchmaking teachers since the second grade. It's actually kind of creepy, but then again there are rumors I have black angel wings tattooed on my back. I should really look into that. But for now, that's a big no by the way. Not a fallen angel. I don't kill live chickens via blender. Its just ADD. He pushed me behind him playfully as Ren walked into the building with the flow of people. \"Hey, Ren right?\" Ren nodded silently. \"Gabby here likes your tie.\" I did like his tie. It was nice. I knocked Dusty into a kneeling position as he groaned loudly. \"I said no fighting moves. Not cool Gab!\" I rolled me eyes only slightly as I replied to Dusty's comment to Ren, pretending I didn't want to strangle Dusty. \" I mean it too. Don't let anyone tell you different.\" Ren looked at me, stunned. Like he'd never gotten a compliment before. Huh. I dismissed this quickly as he replied, smiling slightly, \"Thanks! Gabrielle right?\" \"Very good.\" I smiled in return and I could practically tell Dusty was about to have a hissy fit of excitement that his first student \"project\" was underway. \"I'll see you in class.\" I ducked my head, attempting to save the new kids social life while I could. I knew he'd probably never talk to me again. I mean why would he want to? \"Nice to meet you too, umm Dusty right?\" \"You too man, see you late-\" Dusty was then dragged down to our lockers by a nervous short chick, leaving Ren by himself. He'd be mad at that short person for a class period or too. But then he'd bounce back and she'd apologize profusely. She'd choreograph the cheerleading set for the next football game and it would all go along like it usually does. That's the way is was in Bomont. Usual.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Thoughts She was absolutely radiant. Ren smiled to himself as he tried to pull his focus back to school, but Gabrielle was so pretty! Ugh, this is not what he needed. He winced slightly as he suddenly collided with another person in the hallway. \"Hey. Watch where you're going, little guy.\" \"Sorry, man. I didn't see you.\" He replied apologetically and absentmindedly still thinking about Gabrielle. \"It's like driving. Stick with the flow of traffic, numbnuts.\" Says the dumbass wearing a red hat. \"Maybe if you weren't wearing all that camouflage, I could see you. You should get one of them orange vests so hunters don't shoot you.\" Ren couldn't help but smirk slightly at the Country Guy's reply. \"An orange vest? I don't wear orange. I'm not a Tennessee fan. I'm Georgia Bulldog.\" Ren scoffed as he saw the Not-Tennessee fan trying to size him up. \"Where you from? You talk funny.\" He chuckled quietly before shooting back, \" I talk funny? I talk funny? You should hear you from my end.\" Gabrielle pulls of the southern accent just fine. . . \"I'm from Boston.\" Ren saw a blank expression, \"Massachusetts?\" Nothing. \"It's the United States?\" the cowboy scoffed in reply. \"Yeah . . .I read that somewhere.\" Ren laughed. \"What's up, man? I'm Willard.\" Ren shook the camo-kid's hand, \"I'm Ren. McCormack.\" \"Nice to meet you. Let me see this.\" Willard took Ren's schedule and flipped it right way up. \"Literature and Composition. That's this way. Follow me.\" The last thing heard by passerbies, as the two walked down the hall was, \"People give you shit about that tie yet?\" and a laugh, \"Nah, but the day just started.\" XXX Literature and Composition had passed in somewhat of a blur for Gabrielle and Dusty, that's the way it was with mornings and people. If people you don't like are out and about, they tend to fade into the background. The time came for gym class, all of the teams split off. The football kids went to their field, while the track and cheerleaders split off nearer to the bleachers. Dusty was hanging out on the bleachers, taking in the scene as he always did, and heckled the Footballers, as he himself was a soccer player. Though that wasn't always convenient, as he had to commute to Basin for practice. Though no one but Gabrielle knew that. Gabrielle was standing aimlessly as the cheerleaders did their initial catty chew-outs of the other students of the school, done as usual in a disturbing game of sex, marry, kill. And it was getting boring. Gabrielle leaned against the bleachers, \"First group, on your mark!\" The football coach yelled. Gabrielle was considered gutsy, but that man was just scary! Gabrielle was jerked out of her mid-morning haze as she watched the football team practice. Huh, Ren was there. Gabrielle watched as she madly waved to Dusty with the other hand, her friend merely looked up from his book and smiled. All this before whispering, \"Ren and Gabby sitting' in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I . . .\" Gabrielle smirked at him absentmindedly, \"You got messed up Dusty.\" Dusty smirked in reply at his best friend, he knew that look when everything else flew out the window. \"Hey Gabby, you going to the Snack Bar tonight?\" \"I Do.\" Dusty scoffed in an attempt to cover a laugh, \"What?\" That jerked Gabrielle out of her daydream. She covered with \"I do have a new bootleg David Banner song.\" Quickly and frantically. \"Dammit, I almost had you.\" Dusty pounded the railing of the bleachers. \"Hah.\" Missy the blonde bimbo chuckled a little always from the friend as Dusty playfully hit the (ironic) cheer Capitan in the shoulder. \"Go get 'em sir!\" \"Don't call me sir Hansen, I'm not in uniform!\" Gabrielle tossed the reference over her shoulder as Dusty went back to heckling and reading. Gabrielle adopted her death stare as she walked over to Missy and the Blondes proceeded with their game to spite her. She wasn't on duty, as this wasn't Cheer Practice, but a Capitan is never on uniform. \"Oh my god you guys, SMK, Ren, Woody, Willard. Go!\" Missy flipped her hair in the stupid bitchy way that she did. \"Marry, Wilard. Sex, Ren. Cause he's a hottie. And last, Kill Woody.\" \"Why Woody?\" questioned Gabrielle, already knowing the answer. \"He still won't go out with me!\" wined the bottle-blonde. \"He's got a girlfriend, dumbass.\" Hissed Gabrielle in response; this was an ongoing thing for Gabrielle and Missy. Etta was a good friend, and if a bimbo tried to mess up her relationship, Gabrielle was going to stop it. \"Hey your one to talk Big G. You were so checking out the new guy. God your so naïve, I'm gonna hit that first!\" Missy did a little dance as Gabrielle's face flushed. \"So you do like him! I knew it.\" Thank god no one was paying attention when she did this. Missy and Gabrielle stared at each other as Gabrielle backed out. The short brunette adopted an absent stare as she flipped out. There was just something about a girl like Missy that drove someone like Gabrielle crazy. It wasn't anyone's fault, but whenever they were together Gabrielle saw red. \"It's bring it on time bitches!\" Bring it on was her and Bobby's movie. Ah hell, it was time to dance. I'm sexy, I'm cute! I'm popular to boot! I'm bitchin', great hair! The boys all love to stare! I'm wanted, I'm hot! I'm everything your not! I'm pretty, I'm cool! I dominate this school! Had Gabrielle not been busy with her pike-roundoff, she would of noticed Ren staring and laughing quietly to himself as Willard rambled on. XX It was lunchtime when Ren rolled his eyes good-naturedly as Willard went on. \"Last year, varsity made it to regional. They bussed us down to Alabama.\" Ren hadn't ever been out of Boston and seen America; he mentally added visit all 50 states to his bucket list. \"The excitement never stops,\" he replied sarcastically. \"You haven't been overseas?\" somehow, magically, Ren already knew the answer. \"I've been to Alabama, if that counts.\" Ren scoffed, and laughed internally. \"No. It doesn't. I went to Russia two years ago with my gymnastics team.\" A chance to mess with someone, always fun. \"It's kind of a sister city thing with Moscow.\" Hmm, Valerie and Annika. They were his good friends when he went to Russia, and he still kept touch. They were best friends, and fell in love with each other, with Ren's help. But Willard didn't know any of that. \"Yeah, Russia... I don't know if I dig that. It sounds kind of boring.\" Dude. \"Do you know anything about Russian girls?\" he questioned. Russia was pretty. . .in the spring anyways. \"I know they range from bearded to drop-dead beautiful.\" Damn straight. \"Yeah? Well, I can vouch for the beautiful ones.\" So beautiful, that every straight man dies when he finds out they're not into guys. \"Two girls from the Russian team snuck me out of my dorm room late night. They didn't have beards.\" Good times. \"They were smoking.\" Every straight man. Dead. \"What were they smoking?\" Ren smiled a little. Seriously? \" Oh, you mean, like, smokin' hot. I'm sorry. Continue.\" Willard waved his fork a bit, as Ren noticed Gabrielle sitting on the table part of the outdoor lunchroom as Dusty was telling her about something. Ren clenched his jaw a little in jealously. No. No jealousy, he had enough going on trying to get his life together, maybe try and get into Juliard, Columbia, or maybe even NYU. Ugh she was so beautiful. Focus Ren. Focus. \"So we go to this club. The music's banging. It's pitch black. I couldn't see shit, just hot two girls drenched in sweat all over me.\" This was a massive exaggeration; they were dancing all over each other while Ren was the acting DJ. \"We danced all night.\" Eventually he got to dance after his sub finally came. \"Great. What'd you guys do after?\" He was making it to easy. \"Oh, come on. Look, down in the South, you can't start a story about a threesome and not finish it.\" It was a good rule, but still, he was making this insanely easy. \"Come on.\" Willard was hooked. It was time. \"It goes without saying, these girls are take me into a bathroom stall.\" Willard's jaw dropped, exposing chewed food. \"One shoves her tongue down my throat, the other one's on top. This girl's a champion pommel horse gymnast.\" Actually, Valerie had to go back to the dorm because she crashed. \"I'm talking killer upper body strength. Banging. She's scratching my back, she's tearing my clothes off.\" At least the upper body strength was true, almost to the point of being scary. \" And her friend's whispering in my ear, \"Hernnya.\" Valerie did have an affinity for teaching the Americans, Russian swears. \"Her...\" he glanced over to Willard, completely hooked to the point of being an Internet meme. \"Hernnya.\" He questioned simply, enthralled. \"Yeah.\" \"What does that mean?\" \"It's Russian for \"bullshit.\" \"Why would she say that?\" Williard thought for a moment, \"'Cause you're bullshitting me?\" Willard's face fell, disappointed, but then he laughed. \"Yup. Yeah.\" Ren looked over at Gabrielle again, she was absolutely radiant. Why did she have to be so amazing? \"But we did dance, man. We danced our Asses off.\" 'None of the Russian chicks even came close to the Preacher's Daughter of Bomont, Georgia.' Thought Ren quietly to himself as he finished his food, listening to Willard tell him about Rusty. XX Rusty pulled me up front of Scully's bar, \"I don't understand why you need to risk this Gab.\" Rusty warned me wary of my hobbies. \"If I can't dance or listen to good music, I can at least perform it.\" \"I get your point, but your rock hard ass is gonna be busted.\" Rusty dramatically slapped her hands against the steering wheel as they both sat in front of the bar as Gabrielle put her pink VANS on her feet. \"Lucky no one knows I perform in Basin but you.\" It was lucky. Hopefully it'd stay that way. \"You're coo-coo for coco puffs.\" It was a fact. At least Rusty put it nicer than everyone else. \"And trix are for kids. It's gonna be fine Rusty, you might even come in and watch one night.\" It was unlikely, but at least Rusty cared enough to driver her. \"I really don't feel like getting Hepatitis.\" Gabrielle rolled her eyes. \"Don't be melodramatic, it's actually quite nice in there.\" It was. Way nicer than the outside. \"The usual time? Were still hitting the snack bar later right?\" \"The usual time. And of course.\" Rusty smiled as Gabrielle took her beat up guitar and headed down into Scully's bar. XX Gabrielle was on her fourth song, and Rusty was coming in about five minutes, she could squeeze in one more song, if she could. It was the best one, the one they all scream-sang on the radio. Holding Out for a Hero. Gabrielle adjusted her position and smiled as she began. One, two, three. Where have all the good men gone And where are all the gods? Where's the street-wise Hercules To fight the rising odds? Isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed? Late at night I toss and turn and dream of what I need I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast And he's gotta be fresh from the fight I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light He's gotta be sure, he's gotta be soon And he's gotta be larger than life, larger than life Somewhere after midnight In my wildest fantasies Somewhere just beyond my reach There's someone reaching back for me Racing on the thunder and rising with the heat Isn't there a superman to sweep me off my feet? I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast And he's gotta be fresh from the fight I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light He's gotta be sure, he's gotta be soon And he's gotta be larger than life Up where the mountains meet the heavens above Out where the lightning splits the sea I could swear that there's someone somewhere watching me Through the wind and the chill and the rain And the storm and the raging flood Oh, his approach is like a fire in my blood I'll meet a hero And then we'll dance 'til the morning light Dreaming, he'll lead me Held tight, Tonight's the night I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast And he's gotta be fresh from the fight I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light He's gotta be sure, he's gotta be soon And he's gotta be larger than life, larger than life Oh Larger than life Larger than life Oh maybe, maybe, maybe tonight Oh, oh There was an enormous applause from the normal five-o- clock crowd, as the invincibility feeling Gabrielle got when she sang spread to her bones. Her phone vibrated from her pocket as she took a bow and left her safe haven. XX Ren sat down in his garage as Willard and Woody helped him with his new-old car. \"Yeah. Give it a little bit of gas.\" The machine purred as he then replied, \"Yeah, that sounds good. Cut it.\" Ren got out of his Volkswagen as he wiped his hands. \"What's the deal with the preacher's daughter? She worth it?\" What was the deal with Gabrielle? Woody and Willard smiled, almost knowingly. \" I hear, back in the day, she used to be a goody two-shoes. Now she fronts like she some hell raiser. Wearing her jeans tight and everything.\" Ren's nearly choked. \"You could put a quarter in that girl's back pocket and tell if it's heads or tails.\" Willard supplied, taking in Ren's odd expression. \"Rusty's brother, Dusty's crazy in love with her. Poor guy doesn't have a shot though.\" Dusty? That guy Gabrielle was a friend with? Hell no. But then it hit him, and a giant amount of relief flowed trough him. They were talking about Arielle, the girl who scared the absolute crap out of him! Ren only shook his head, \"Nah, I meant the other one! Gabrielle.\" Of course he meant Gabrielle, she was sweet, and seemed smart. It didn't even matter if she wasn't exactly book-smart. You can tell all about someone from his or her presence, and Gabi just radiated intelligence. Woody bowed his head after exchanging a weird look with Willard. \"Back a few years, her brother died, along with all their friends in that car crash after a party.\" Ren gaped. \"What happened then?\" he questioned. It must be so terrible to have all the people you care about gone just like that, having to start over from scratch and everything. \"She . . . tried to jump out the third-floor window of her house. She didn't get hurt too bad, but she just kind of disappeared.\" Willard looked sad as Woody continued. What? A suicide attempt? He didn't see that coming at all. \"She's more of the quiet rebel type, wanting to see how far she can push them adults before they finally acknowledge her as more than 'the she devil.'\" Willard scoffed, \"Or 'the demon-child,\" \"Rosemary's baby,\" Topped Woody. \"The Freak.\" Willard stuck out his tongue at Woody, who punched him in the arm. \"Madame Infidel.\" Woody pushed Willard off the tire he was sitting on, causing Ren to laugh, slightly confused. \"Chicken- Blender Killer!\" Screamed Willard finally as he threw a dirty rag at Woody's face, kicking wildly. \"What's the big issue, why a freak?\" Ren questioned after the exchange of various nicknames. \"Girl's got ADD, though round hear, everyone treats that like it's AIDS or something. It's absolutely ridiculous. She's a cool girl, she usually hangs out with us or Dusty.\" \"Why? You're trying to knock boots with her, aren't you?\" exclaimed Willard as he punched Ren in the arm, for some reason, overjoyed. \"No.\" Ren stared him down, but Willard wasn't fazed. \" Yes, you are. He is.\" Ren kind of tuned out the rest of the conversation as he took in the antics of his new friends, leaning against the hood of his car, letting all the noises turn into a calming buzz. XXX He was almost asleep on the hood of his car until he was jolted awake. \"REN!\" screamed Willard spastically. Woody scoffed, \"Dude, be cool.\" \"Whatever. Anyway, Gabrielle's on Youtube! Woody man, we are going to make her remix the shit out of her songs!\" \"Man I'm just going to ask were she got that guitar . . . \" said Woody, someone who genuinely loved instruments, and was currently attempting to learn piano. \"What did she do?\" questioned Ren dumbly. \"Our dear friend apparently performs in a bar in Basin. Someone posted it online.\" Woody showed Ren his iPhone as the trio watched their friend's performance. \"I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light He's gotta be sure, he's gotta be soon And he's gotta be larger than life, larger than life\" Everyone's jaw was dropped when she finally stopped and the video ended. Woody was the first to speak. \"Well that totally defies the dance ban!\" \"Jump back. . . what?\" Okay. . . Dance Ban. Dead kids. Reverend Moore. Reverend Moore's kids. Dance Ban. Stupid. Ren's mind raced as his new friends babbled on, why ban dancing, it's not like the accident was an uncommon thing. But this was Bomont, and nothing was common here. The next thing the Boy from Boston knew, was that he was getting dragged to a place called \"The Snack Bar.\" What?[Chapter 4] Chapter Three: Cooler Than Me It had just began to get dark outside when Rusty and Gabrielle pulled up to the snack bar, Rusty got the same strange-excited feeling when she saw the devious look that Gaby would get in her eyes whenever they came here. The last time that she had gotten \"the Look\" Rusty, Gabrielle, and Willard had gone on such an extreme bender that involved a bebe gun, a pineapple, and a tire swing. Don't ask, they won't tell. Gabrielle smiled as Rusty and her got out of the car and ran quickly inside, past the police officer stationed outside. Rusty held the door opened as Gabrielle pulled her blue sweater over her head, revealing a pink crop top and floral overalls, giving the illusion she was over 5'5 with doc martins on her small feet Rusty went to order food, and Gaby's smile grew as she saw Woody, \"Hey man, what's up?\" she squeaked, ADD kicking in. She's skipped her run today, so if she didn't start moving now, things were going to get crazy. \"Hey Gab,\" greeted her tall friend Woody started laughing quietly to himself, \"Saw you talking with Missy earlier, she still trying to kill me?\" He questioned. \"You know it.\" They both laughed briefly at their shared joke before Woody turned to Ren, who just got in. Gabrielle turned away in order to hide her panic, and laughing slightly as Willard made a fuss about the Frito Pie. \"Hey check the door, are the cops still here?\" ordered Gabrielle abruptly, getting worried that the cops would never leave, and the party would never get started. \"Five-O getting his move on.\" Woody replied with a smile, before walking back over to his friend, \"What you got Gabby?\" Gabrielle smirked before pulling out a CD case from her bag. \"Is that?\" Willard walked from Rusty, aghast, same as Woody, and Etta. \"Who's the Queen!\" Gabrielle's bowed, \"David Banner. Bootleg. That is how awesome I am!\" She wasn't that awesome, but it was his new song. Doc took the CD from Gabrielle and raised an accusing, and wrinkled finger, \"Ay Queenie, don't get too krunk out there. First sign of the police, I'm gonna pull the plug.\" Gabby nodded understanding, scuffing her Doc Martins on the old yellow tiled floor. \"Aye Missy, I don't wanna get a fine, and you don't wanna get another ticket.\" Gabrielle scoffed at this, it wouldn't be that big of a loss to get kicked off the sports team. Gabrielle walked with her friends outside the Snack Bar when she gelt a shy hand on her shoulder, \"You got a ticket for dancing?\" Gabrielle swallowed her butterflies before replying. \"I actually have two, one more and I'm off the cheer squad. Ren's eyes widened as he prayed silently to himself, as any sensible person would have 'Please god let her keep the uniform' Gabrielle took her spot leaning up against someone's Impala as she observed the townies rock. She gave a sad smile to no one in particular, as tonight she felt completely alone. It was time to get into some hard drugs or something, maybe alcohol. She scolded herself mentally, who was she kidding? She was too much of a weakling to even buy the stuff. But it was time to put a pin in that. Her friends were happy, so she was happy for them. It made her slightly sad because Dusty was staying in, so there went the sarcasm of the night. Woody was in the middle of the drive in, dancing and looping around feeling free when Gabrielle yelled \"Woody!\" to cheer him on. 'Fake it Gabby, keep smiling.' She mentally scolded herself again. No matter what happened, tonight just wasn't a dancing night. Or so she thought. The fake smile dropped from her face when she saw Arielle dancing on Chuck's flatbed straddling a microphone like Miley Cyris: Who Can't Be Tamed. Couldn't she just be herself? This just wasn't a good idea. Arielle was going to end up hurt, having to pick out glass and take concussion meds like she did when Chuck threw that beer bottle at her head. Was it worth it? It had to be better than Arielle getting pregnant with Chuck's feeble-minded, tiny-wristed fetus. God no . . . Chuck's giving you the look. It was the same look that he got that night. Avoid him Avoid him. Avoid him. Gabby took a breath and began to focus on other things. Gabrielle took a breath and began to focus on other things. Like Ren. There's a good positive, even if he'd never look her way. The teen turned, curious as to why Woody was pulling Ren's leather jacket off. Poor boy doesn't stand a chance. \"I'm good. I don't dance. You go have dun.\" Gabby's smile was back on her face as she observed the situation. He really dosen't know how persistent Woody could be. Gabby stood up, off the car. \"Me and my boys are gonna push everyone back. Let me see you do that city boy thing.\" Now Gabrielle was hooked. Ren began to take over the drive in, music surrounding him. At this point it wasn't just coming from the PA, but the old broken-down drive-in speakers too. Gabby knew Claude must of put a lot of money into keeping them working, and knew the man was a compatriot when it came to defying the dance ban. Ren loped around their circle like he had been waiting for this since the moment he got into town. She thought of dancing with him, as she and many others were sick of being stuck up in their tiny bedrooms dancing to their headphones. Arielle continued stripping on the flatbed of Chuck's truck as the white trash male stared shamelessly at Gabrielle, ignoring her sister's show. 'Screw him. He's not coming anywhere near me.' Gabby resumed watching Ren be amazing, and lose himself in the music. Little did the dark-haired girl know, that he was only looking at her. He pulled out his best tricks as he saw he had her attentions, mixing his dancing style with gymnastics, climbing up onto a big four-wheel-drive truck and doing a back flip off the hood. Gabby laughed as the car alarm went off for the blue truck, as Ren looked mildly startled, not expecting the car alarm to be set off so easily \"Whoo!\" cheered Gabby, blushing terribly as she said it. But he didn't have to be told twice, hopping up onto the truck for another flip, somehow going higher into the air. Gabby cheered and cocked her head like a puppy as she overheard the owner of the truck say to Ren, \"Oh, she's looking,\" he said, \"Get on that boy.\" said the guy, staring at Gabrielle. \"What was everyone's deal tonight? Did her hair look super good or something? This is what you get when you try to stay low-key.\" though Gabby to herself as she tried to convince herself that she had an issue with her crush dancing. Gabrielle was even more stunned as Ren ran and slid up to her with an amazing force, nearly falling off his feet. She was forced up against the grille of the car as the hot blush curse returned. \"I-erm-hey,\" said Gabby in a small voice that somehow seemed stronger through the music. \"Hey.\" replied Ren simply. \"Ren right?\" he grinned, \"Very good.\" Hilarious. He took her by the hand, and pulled her onto the dance floor, moving gracefully to the music. This was the most Gabby had ever enjoyed herself for the first time since Bobby and her friends had died. It was perfect. It wasn't just because the two were actually interacting, but Ren saw that he didn't have the beauty entirely. She kept checking over her shoulder, glancing back at Chuck, who was looking freaking pissed while Gabrielle paled, scared. Last time he'd looked like that she was sent to the ER for a concussion and glass scratches. She'd covered for Arielle's sake, but the asshole had broken a beer bottle over her head. Four inches to the left, and she would be blind right now. \"Don't let him scare you.\" Gabrielle looked up at Ren (as he stood almost a head taller than her), and smiled, a real smile. Gabrielle felt actual comfort and safety. 'Rare' she thought to herself, and so the dance continued. With each step, they both got a little closer to each other, dancing a bit dirtier, which in comparison wasn't that bad to others there. Ren could see that Chuck was getting jealous and scoffed to himself. Good. Let him be jealous, tonight was too much fun. Ren smiled down at Gabrielle, enjoying having her close when the music broke off suddenly. Bringing the party to a screeching halt. Dammit. Of course it was too good to be true. \"She's busted!\" someone whispered. Gabrielle's stomach sunk low as one of the happiest she'd ever been since the accident ended as she heard Claude's voice over the PA. \"Attention. Would Gabrielle please come up to the diner? Your daddy's here for you, Gabrielle.\" Everyone at the party turned to see the ever-intimidating town reverend standing in the Diner's doorway. The crowd reacted for their friend's sake, as Rusty was especially mortified to see the only other sane person there about to get \"kilt\" by her parent. Ren clenched his jaw uncomfortably, and dutifully removed his hands from Gabrielle's waist. \"Show's over, and thanks.\" She smiled, beginning to feel strangely invincible. Almost like she was going to throw up. She wasn't used to that feeling. The electrified, heightened feeling with music a moment earlier was now quiet as death while Gabrielle made her way to her father. Gabrielle's heart dropped to her stomach as she saw her dad standing at the front of the Snack bar, turning back to see Arielle covered in her blue sweater, hiding behind Rusty and Willard. She was safe. Good. Bitch. With one last smile at Ren and her friends as she turned to her father, who wasn't looking though her like earlier, but now he was giving her the look of shame, which wasn't exactly uncommon in the Moore House. \"You mother was afraid you didn't have any money. She said you and Arielle would be here. \" He looked around the crowd, silently swearing about the Rabble-Rousers. He gave Ren the \"You'll-Burn-In-Hell-For-This \" look and Gabby felt full of pity, as now Ren had two guys mad at him. \"Arielle's at the church, Daddy.\" Reverend Moore made a scoffing sound at his daughter, \"Daddy, it's not a big deal. We were just messing around. What's the problem?\" She questioned, defending herself. \"I think it would be best if you came home with me.\" She rolled her eyes; happy she was getting a rise out of him. \" Right now. \" \"Okay,\" replied the raven-haired girl simply as she cast a brave face to the other partygoers. \" Daddy gonna take her out to the woodshed. \" Ren winced visibly as Willard brought him out of his daze. \"What the hell does that mean?\" he questioned his new friend, not sure if he wanted the answer. Ren scoffed at Arielle hiding behind that Chuck asshole's truck. \" It means she's in deep shit. \" Oh. Ren heart sunk as he saw his dancing partner get toted home by the man who made all this amazing spirit illegal. But somehow, seeing that she didn't run away, or scream like he was Dracula when the danced. That had to be a good sign. Good sign? You like her dumbass. You like the daughter of the man who can make your new life a living hell. Well shit. XXXXXX Gabrielle reflected on the Diner Party as she headed up to her room, smile etched off her face. \"Hey, honey. You're home early.\" Gabrielle shot her Mom the smile as she headed up the stairs to her room. \"Yeah.\" She said simply. \"Did you have fun?\" questioned Mrs. Moore. \"We broke the law, but I think yeah. You know I really did.\" While on the stairs, Gabby picked up her stray iPod from the stairs as she ignored her father's shouts about whatever the hell he was mad about. At least she was being acknowlaged. 'It's been a good night.' Thought the lovestruck girl. 'For the first time I a long time, I'm alright'[Chapter 5] A/N: I know it's been forever, thanks to all of my new followers and favoriters, you guys are the best! Happy late new years with this ab fab chapterrrrrr. Read and reveiw guys XOXOX- H2S I came through the front door ready to nearly pass out, I was headed for the marine corps with what I was doing, I suppose I'ma bit jaded to think that, but the military's always looking for people right? Loping through I calculated how many lunges it would take me to get to the top and to my room regarding that every other step was extremely squeaky on the main staircase. I was a bit behind schedule, but that came from laziness, and it was the fact it happened to be Saturday. . . \" SHUT IP, you were totally stalking REN!\" My very deeply buried conscience screamed into my ear as I edged my way up. \"He was coming out of the courtroom, thassexxxyyy.\" \"SHUT UP!\" I growled through my teeth, as a familiar prescience came up behind me. \"Gabrielle, come down here for a moment,\" perfect, just when I'm battling my inner drunk chick. I turned round and gave my father a huge smile, black hair sticky to my skin, it's weird, he looks kind of surprised. He knows I've been doing this right? Right? He is, isn't he. That familiar knot in my stomach returned as my father looked at me, \"What's up?\" I put a higher pitched tone to my voice, and a sugary sweet smile, the one that disarmed him everytime. I know him better than I'd like, but as long as he's not asking questions I suppose it's okay. \"How are you this morning?\" He coughed after he finished, collar slightly bent out of place. \"Really?\" \"Really what?\" he replied, eyes unreadable, and face a picture of complete parental ignorance, \"Aren't you going to ground me?\" \"Ground you for what dear?\" my mother came out from the kitchen to see my father and eye on the stairs, she was smarter than him, and even she was playing dumb. \" Oh that whole thng last night, it's like the Philippians 3:14 says Gabrielle, 'I press on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus.' \" what does that even mean? \"It means we love you no matter what honey,\" my Mom is a Stepford wife, this can't be happening, a BRUNETTE stepford wife? My chest tightened as I felt an all-too-familiar sensation begin to happen, fucking panic attack. Breathe in. \"I've actually been worried about you lately Gabrielle,\" Liar. Breathe out. \"But I'm just happy that this dancing is a one-time thing,\" Like you'd know. Breathe In. \"It's great to know your fine, Gabrielle.\" I'm totally fine. The tightness released as I grasped and stumbed up the steps quickly as my father turned and headed back for breakfast with my Mother. \"And Gabrielle?\" We love you and are here for you with whatever you need to talk with us about with no judgment whatsoever. We don't wish it was you that died in the car crash and cand imagine our lives without out little angel. \"Yes Dad.\" Tears welled up, so I scooted farter away up the steps. \"Bring your sister down to breakfast when you change?\" \"Yes Dad.\" Breathe In. I scrambled up the steps and into my room, heartbeat scrambled. Breathe Out . Flop down on bed and pretend I don't exist . What's a girl gotta do to get grounded around here? Oh that's right. Count as a person. XX I had since finished breakfast with flying colors, not showing at all that my I had left me heart and my head upstairs in my bedroom sleeping off all of the emotional trauma that would likely scar me for years to come. Yeah, that's right. \"Hey Mom, Dad, I was wondering if Gabby and I might study at the library today, we might need to go all day tomorrow too.\" Do you even know where the library is, Ariel? I wanted to spit back, but I knew whwere this was heading. I pasted on the fake smile as Ariel continued, \"It's really very important.\" \"Well that sounds alright, what's this paper about?\" asked Dad, as Ariel had the panicked eyes. \"The Narwhal and the effects that the majestic unicorn of the ocean had on Mideval Literature.\" Crap. They're looking at me! \"Does that sound alright? It should be a fairly small project because we've got all of the brunt work done already.\" I smiled, more genuinely this time as my parents shared a look. \"Th-That sounds perfect girls,\" I smiled, at my mother, rejoicing in a small success. \" Just be home for dinner okay?\" My sister and I were out the door in seconds, \"We're the hell did that come from?\" She said, her voice sounded impressed, \"How's it feel to be the favorite Gab?\" \"Fan-fucking-tastic thanks,\" she let out a short staccato laugh as we rounded the corner of our block to freedom. \" So where were you last night?\" I questioned, I'd been dying to know ever since I saw she was in her room before I even got home. Please say Dusty's. \"Oh-Um-Nowhere.\" The words were jumbled and spilled from her mouth in a very Un-Ariel manner. I looked at her, and studied how she was holding herself. Different. I'm not going to push this. \"I'm actually a bit tired, but I am going to interrogate you later okay?\" \"We're gonna have to write these papers you know.\" She shot back at me as she sat down on the bench of the pickup point. \"I'm doing your real homework, I'm not doing your fake homework.\" How am I so sassy today? \"Fine, fine.\" She conceded. Just like that? \" If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were coming around to 'our way of life'\" Yay smoking and drinking, living on the edge woo-hoo. I'm so freaking thrilled about that. \"With you around it's not like I have a choice.\" Another short little laugh. Hey at least we weren't screaming at each other. It wasn't long until Chuck and his crew drove up on the junkier side of town, he looked at , eyes hungry almost, giving that look he gave Ariel when he wanted to screw around. \"Fuck you chuck.\" I thought as Ariel hung off his arms like she usually did, like some kind of puppy. \"Hey not darlin',\" he walked closer, as I edged further away, ready to run if I had to. How could Ariel like him? Out of everyone she picks the person who put her sister in the ER. \"I've got a job for ya.\" XX Ren was standing up on the cotton box thing as I walked over to him, one of the other guys pointed me out, He said visitor, instead of crazy stalker chick, so that's always nice right? \"Hey Ren.\" 'Play it cool. Play It cool. For the love of god play it cool.' I thought to myself as he looked down at me and smiled. I felt me heart speed up. How is he the only one who can do that? I blushed slightly. \"Hey, what's up Gabrielle?\" said Ren as I gave my ordered speech, \"Chuck Cranston wants to see you at his daddy's racetrack tomorrow. At 2 O'Clock.\" I want to run Chuck over so very bad right now, making me say this crap to the guy I like. The guy I like? Crap. \"Okay, what happens at two o'clock?\" It was a fair question, \"Bus racing. Don't wear shoes with laces. Also act surprised. \" Hey he was gonna risk his neck, he might as well know what he's getting himself into. \"It's more fun than it sounds.\" We're a very small town and need to blow off steam somehow. The only thing I'd like to know is where they got the buses. Did we take them? Are they on loan. I need to know about the buses. Focus Gabby. Focus on the hot guy. \"How come he sent you to tell me?\" My stomach sank a little bit, he problbably thinks Chuck's got a Moore-Girl Harrem thing. \"Figured I beat Ariel, she'd of gone all cryptic and stuff.\" He laughed slightly at the thought, knowing it's very true. \" Hey Gabrielle?\" I turned back, as I'd walked away slightly, cowboy boots picking up all of the dusk it seemed like. \"Thanks for the Dance last night.\" I swear to got that my heart stopped as I smiled. \"Anytime. See ya tomorrow.\" I tried to keep my stance even as a I damn near skipped away. XX A/N: what'd you guys think? Read and reveiw! XOXOXO Suggestiosn are welcome![Chapter 6] A/N: Hi guys! I know it's been like forever, but here is a new chapter of Wildest Fantasies. I got my but handed to my by finals, and I just wanted to thank you all so much for following and faving this story./span/p Without further ado, a new chapter to Wildest Fantasies!Xoxo- Hard to Scare! I sat uncomfortably atop Chuck Cranston's truck staring at the back of that asshole's head as he had a hand on my sister's thigh, 'I will stab you, you piece of shit.' I swore in my head as it was another day of worrying about Arielle and it was all getting to be really old. \"If that shithog tries anything, I'm gonna pound him.\" Willard. Thank god their here, I was just about to drive myself crazy. \"No fighting, Willard.\" \"No promises, Rusty.\" God yes, a fight. Entertainment. Jesus, when did I get so morbid? I scooted foreword off my place on the hood of his truck, straightening my shorts and shirt, glaring at Chuck as he said the dumbest sentence ever known. \"You guys, keep the smoke away from her now. Her daddy smells that, he'll never let her hang out again.\" God I wanna stab you. Nope, no stabbing, too many witnesses. \"High school field trip's here.\" tweedledum stated the obvious , and thank god they were, I was just about to become Hannibal Lecter. Well just in the murder sense, I'm more of a salad person. Picking up my bag I scurried over to my friends in confidence, if they were here, Arielle couldn't get hurt without them knowing who did it, so she's safe in some sense. Supervised, I mean. \"My boots scuffed the nearly vacant racetrack as I stood next to Rusty, as she greeted me with a warm smile, and nearly ripped my arm off when Ren did too. God damn that boy is fine. White shirt. Jeans. Tennis shoes. I wish I was a white shirt. \"Twinkle toes.\" greeted Chuck as he threw down the but of his cigarette and I rolled my eyes, \"Watching you the other night, that was real entertaining.\" He looked at me and began undressing me with his eyes. It wasn't the first time, btu that didn't make it any less unnerving. \" We thought we'd invite you out here. Maybe you'd put on a show for us.\" He slurred slightly as his gang looked at him with some adoration. \"You're the one that's drunk Chuck, if anyone's gonna crash, it's gonna be you.\" I spoke in a quieter, but a certain voice. The idiots oohed, but ultimately ignored me, as Willard gave me a bro-punch in the arm. Is that even a thing? \"Chuck, didn't you hear? He's into gymnastics.\" And it's certainty paid off hehe. \"Why the hell am I like this today? \"Gymnastics. I thought only fags were into gymnastics.\" Who the hell still uses the word fag? \"I thought only assholes still used the word 'Fag'.\" Topped Ren as I couldn't help but smile. God Rusty is going to rip my arm off, isn't she. Yeah probably. \"Touché.\" Chuck chuckled \"Why don't you try dancing with this?\" I moved even closer to my friends as Chuck pulled out his machine-y thing, trying to be macho,I don't know what it's called, don't look at me. Personally if he's trying with all of this machismo, he's definitely compensating for something. Oh my god. I need to ask Arielle. Of course if she knows, then I have to kill Chuck, but still. \"HA. \"Gabby, sweetheart, give him the speech.\" Sweetheart. Sweetheart? I WILL STAB YOUR FACE CRANSTON. Nope. Nope. Witnesses. I gathered my thoughts and prepared the rant that I gave to everyone dumb enough to try this stupidly amazing sport. It's a great balance, it's like football, but less boring \"Now . . .span style=\"mso-spacerun:yes\" /spanWe race these buses every weekend at the Derby Mash-up. We race them in a figure eight, you can see the tracks.\" I pointed out onto the course, but carved into the dirt anyway. \"Two things you have to worry about. Your corners, and your intersection. You fall behind, you're gonna get hit by the leader, but if you try to pull ahead, you might get slammed by the guy in last place.\" Ren looked at me intently, actually listening when I spoke, and taking in the words. \"And what did I say about shoes with laces?\" He looked taken off guard, but shrugged it off, \"I'm sure it'll be fine.\" \"I'm sure you'll be fine. This'll just prove I'm always right.\" Hell I'm feeling flirty today, my shorts have hearts on them, I might as well go with it. \"You're always right huh? Well we will just have to see.\" I could've melted right there, it was weird feeling like this. I know nothing's probably going to come of this crush or whatever this is. But the idea of him makes me happy and that's more than I've had in, like, a really long time! \"What do you say, city boy? Ready to race?\" I was jerked from my thoughts abruptly again as I heard Chuck's hick voice echo from inside the bus, and watched as the three musketeers made their way to the bus covered in stuffed animals. I had a feeling that they were attempting to give him a bro-to-bro pep talk, and when Willard's involved, those get weird fast. Rusty was blatantly staring at me, but I didn't really care as Ren sat down on the bus steps, looking like he just realized what he'd gotten himself into. \"Ren!\" What has gotten into me? \"Good luck!\" I yelled from the stands, hoping my voice carried. I guess it must've because he looked at me before or something because my stomach is still in knots. That's how it's supposed to be though right? Ugh. \"How do, all you Pissants? Welcome to the Cranston Motor Speedway!\" Edie's voice slurred over the intercom as I gave a final look to Chuck only to see Arielle fawning over him as per usual. When will she learn that it's better for everyone that he just gets loaded on mouthwash and falls off the face of the earth. Hopefully into a ravine full of sharp things very far away. \"\"Looks like a lovely day for a bus racing competition, we've got one lap before the green flag drops, folks. It's a three-lap race to the finish line, or the last man standing. Lady and Gentlemen, start your engines! Let's go!\" Edie prides himself on being worldly, which I never understood because if your worldly and you've travelled, that's fantastic, but if your back here after getting a piece of that wide world, It probably means you couldn't cut it out there. \"But still though he's less dangerous as he is annoying. \" . . . On the outside, we've got the new kid, racing in the FunZone, Ren MacCormack.\" \"Go FUN ZONE!\"span style=\"mso-spacerun:yes\" /spanI felt my hair kind of flip as I cheered for Ren. Out of the corner of my eye, Arielle stripped off her green blouse and wave the flag. Can't say I'm surprised, but that was before it hit me. \"I've got a crush on the new kid. \"I recruited him for a very dangerous local sport that leaves 9/10 participants with whiplash. There's probably death in those stats too. Oh my god oh my god oh my god. Rusty looked away for a moment as that crazy bitch Caroline slammed Ren's bus. \"You realize yet?\" \"\"That you recruited your lover for bus racing.\" Rusty twirled her hair with her finger as she dragged out the -r sound in Lover. Which we are not. It's just a stupid fantasy. Shit. Shit. Shit. I guess that's the thing about Rusty. She get's my mind . \"Nope, he's not my lover.\" I mimicked her pronunciation as a somewhat relieved smile reached my face as Caroline's bus was now out for the count. \"Rusty, you're pushing it.\" She was, she really was. \" That's what I'm here for, Gabby.\" I sent a smile her way as she put her arm around my neck for an awkward side hug. Can't miss bus racing. I won't forgive myself if Ren's bus explodes and I miss it so I can't blame myself for it until I die. Nope. Too morbid for a Saturday. \"Russell and MacCormack are duking it out for second place.\" For the love of God don't die Ren please don't die! 'Thank you God.' I thanked quietly as Russell the imbecile was also bumped out of the running as the back of the FunZone burst into flames, all those poor little stuffed animals quietly dying. \"We got fireworks! God bless America!\" /p This will make the bus racing history books. This will make us get a bus racing history book. \"Chuck Cranston holds the lead with one lap to go!\" Edie narrated from the PA system, \"Oh, we've got use a regular Mexican standoff, folks.\" It took me a moment to realize what he meant, I guess I must be slow today because by the time I realized exactly what was going on, Chuck's white trash ass was out of that bus faster than me out of Church every Sunday. \"MacCormack takes the lead! Yeah!\" Edie, I know you can't hear me, but shut the hell up. \"Fire! He's on fire!\" I vaguely heard Etta scream as I knew exactly why he hadn't jumped out already. I have to say that I've only had a blackout experience twice in my life. Once at a party with my old friends were I allegedly did the splits multiple times and sang along to Kelly Clarkson. . . in public, the other the week that my friends died. If I had a therapist he'd probably say that there was just so much pain that I built a metaphorical dam up in my head so I didn't have to remember just how much I hurt the week they were first gone. I have a feeling this is the third. XX Ren XX \"Damn it!\" I thought quickly as I slammed my foot down a few times. \"I got no brakes!\" It also didn't take a genius to realize that I really shouldn't of worn laces to this, as they now resembled a spiderweb linking my feet to the bus. \"Run! Hurry!\" Etta's voice carried through the windows as I was joined on this burnin' hell by Willard, Woody, and Gabby, who must be very fast because I could've sworn she was up in the stands. \"\"Hey man, did you know your bus is on fire?\" Willard patted my headrest as Woody battled the fire in the back of the bus. \"Yeah, no shit!\" I yelled back at him. \"Stop this bus!\" yelled Woody from the back as I attempted to do so once more, disturbing Gabby most likely. \"The gas pedal is stuck!\" I yelled back as I determined right then that I do not want to die on this bus. Or any bus. \"Do something!\" yelled Willard \"I'm working!\" Screamed Gabby back as I got the sense that yelling was their natural dynamic. \"Abandon bus!\" Gabby pulled my arm as my feet were finally free of that death trap. \"Abandon bus!\" \"All four of us landed cleanly with a dull thud on the super fancy cranston racetrack. No wonder he's such an asshole. \"Willard was the second to get up singing a variation of \"The wheels on the bus go boom, boom, boom!\" \"Yes, sir! Get some! Fire it up!\" I hope he doesn't do a backflip, that would ruin the moment. Etta was already with Woody, so I made up my mind and put my hand on Gabrielle's arm, she responded thank god, but she gave me a look like she was just waking up for some reason. \"I'll have to ask about that. \"I wonder if she'll like me steering wheel stuffed animal? /p XX Gabrielle XX The next thing that I know i'm laying on the ground next to Ren as Willard scream sang the song ' Wheel's on the Bus', leaving myself and Ren laying on the ground taking a minute to get up. I sat up and off the as he did the same as I admired how ash-covered we all were from the explosion. God, I love bus racing. \"You're always right.\" Ren broke the semi-silence as Willard was still riding the adrenaline, \"What?\" What is he talking about? \"You were right about the laces and I will listen to you from now on.\" Wow. He's serious. What does 'from now on mean?\" \"Thank you.\" I watched his face change from serious to faintly mischievous as he continued, \"I take it you enjoyed that.\" br /I held up my thumb and forefinger before saying \"Lil bit.\" And scoffing at myself. You are sitting in the dirt with your crush after helping him escape a burning bus and laughing hysterically as the bus blew up. You need help. \"You're a little crazy then?\" You just read my mind. Ren looked at me as Willard celebrated for being Willard and doing something Willard-y, I couldn't help but laugh. This wasn't just like a 'my-dad-made-a-bible-joke-and-I-have-to-laugh-or-I'll-go-to-hell' type of laugh, this was a full on belly laugh. It was probably induced partially by adrenaline and partially by the fact that Ren totally admitted that I'm always right. \"How could you have enjoyed watching four buses race each other?\" He questioned as we both stood up, I dusted myself off. \"I watched four buses explode. That's just plain awesome. It's a real sport around here too.\" I informed him, trying not to stare at his hair which was all stick-up-ey. It somehow added to the charm, which shows how weird I really am I guess. \"That's a sport?\" I nodded. \"It's Redneck America, if it's not dangerous, what's the point?\" It was his turn to laugh now, poor boy looks downright stunned, before he presented my with something that resembled a very sooty lamb stuffed animal, \"For you.\" \"I smiled even wider if that was somehow possible, it could've been the fact that I was having an actual conversation, like, with words, \"Why thank you. I shall name him Jeffery,\" It was a communal laugh between us that seemed heightened against the light of the burning bus, with my new stuffed toy, I realized that once again, i'd forgotten all of my problems because of one person. And it was an amazing feeling. That was the chapter! Thank you all for being so patient. Read, Follow, Reveiw! Send my a PM if you have any suggestions. XOXO- hard to scare![Chapter 7] Hi guys! Here's the new chapter of Wildest Fantasies! Sorry it's a day late, I had a ton of things to do yesterday and it all kinda piled up. Anyway, hopefully it's all gramatical n stuff, but if anyone wants to beta, PM me! I don't bite. Anyway, enjoy the chapter! - H2S Sunday brought a beautiful sunny day to Beaumont, Georgia, and with that, a grey side. \"Keep it up Bunny!\" Shouted Kyle as the two ran on the sidewalk early in the morning, \"You're . . . too . . . fast!\" Complained Gabby in response to her friend as the sidewalk ended and they now ran on grass in the early morning. This was one of many 1AM road trips they'd gone on as a group, but this would be the best one. The brunette didn't see it coming as she was promptly dunked into a lake, one that was apparently normal in northern Georgia. \"It's Sunday, you shouldn't be thinking that hard.\" a voice jerked Gabrielle out of her thoughts . . . thankfully. The dark haired girl looked up from the metal bench to see her crush, looking handsome as ever \"Oh hey.\" she muttered, attempting badly to be causal. She even pulled the small smile that fooled her parents into thinking she was okay. Ren scooted onto the other side of the metal bench and looked at her thoughtfully, she had been gripping the arm rest rather hard, and she'd released as soon as he'd noticed. \"You're sad.\" noted Ren. \"It's not important.\" deflected Gabby, looking down. \"Are you sad?\" asked Ren, looking concerned. \"Yeah.\" \"Then it's important!\" The brunette was somewhat stunned at this statement, not even Dusty (who was busy at work . . . AGAIN) would even ask. \"What's up?\" Gabby leaned her head back for a moment, enjoying the sun, before destroying her chances, at least in her view. \"I don't know, it's just a beautiful day. I wish my friends were here.\" Ren looked down thoughtfully. \"You mean the ones in the pictures?\" \"Yeah the way they have the memorial set up, it's like i'm one of the dead kids.\" Gabrielle scoffed because in her own way, she was. Ren was shocked at this, but responded quickly. \"I'm really glad you're not.\" \"Thank you.\" Another beat of silence. \"They would've loved this day, I cannot even begin to explain . . .\" \"Try me.\" Gabrielle looked at Ren, the new kid. Here he was on a beautiful day and he was listening to her talk about her dead friends. \"Bobby, my brother, would always get me up at like 1AM to go on a road trip, we went to this town a few miles away and swam in the lake there. The way that the sky looked. . . It was just perfect.\" It was perfect. \"It's not like I don't love our idiot friends, but I just miss them.\" \"I get it.\" The both sat in silence. \"Wow, my Mom used to make these awesome carmel bars that could make everything better.\" Gabby laughed a little at this, until she said it over again in her mind, \"Used to?\" questioned Gabby, afraid of the answer. Ren cleared his throat, \"She-She died of cancer six months ago, leukemia. That's why I moved here.\" Gabby turned her head and looked at him, stunned. \"I am so sorry.\" More silence followed as Gabby processed. His Mom died? He didn't deserve that! No one deserves that! He cleared his throat once more, before braking the quiet. \"Maybe I should get you this kid's book, with the Dinosaur on it titled, 'All my friends are dead.'\" Gabby knocked him in the arm at this, but smiled to Ren's relief. \"Hey, well a british magic professor is hiding in the bushes to tell you you've got your Mom's eyes!\" fired Gabby back quickly, Ren full on laughed at that, \"That needs to be counted, how many times they've said that through the series!\" Ren declared, Gabby laughed freely. \" You'd think Harry would've gotten the point though . . .\" Ren nodded, \"Exactly.\" in that one word, his Boston accent shone through. This of course reminded Gabrielle how attractive she was and triggered another hot blush. A honk jolted the two from their conversation as the one and only Reverend Moore pulled up to the curb in his silver car. \"Gabrielle, it's time to go.\" he called, not even moving, keeping his face cold at the sight of Ren. The heavy feeling in Gabrielle's chest returned once more after the precious minutes of relief. Ren saw the change in demeanor as Gabby mustered a weak simile and muttered, \"Until next time.\" \"Bye Gabby.\" As she walked from their bench to the family car, a tiny glimmer of hope shimmered in her mind as she reminded herself that there would be a next time. Ren wouldn't admit it until later, but he hated watching Gabrielle leave, but god he did love the view. Well that's the new chapter! Read and Review, tell me what you think! XOXO- Hard to Scare[Chapter 8] It had been one week since the buses exploded. One, extremely boring, no-explosion week. Jeffery the lamb had getting accustomed a very nice home in my backpack, and Dusty's crush on Arielle had reached an all-time high with her latest purchase of a light pink tank top (and for once I could understand why, it's a good color on her), and I was alone. Same as usual. Large Sweater, Skinny Jeans, Irritability. I didn't run today. I'm an idiot, therefore I've bitten of many heads of passerby's today. I'm a moron. In an ill fated attempt to staunch the upcoming existential crisis that I was feeling, I decided to head to the school's library. Had they had enough with my harassments, enough to add Call of the Wild back to the catalog? Problably not, but that's what the internet's for. God bless PDFs. Shuffling over slowly, I sat down in the uncomfortable wicker chairs, which totally clashed with the carpet, and began to open my tablet. I like reading, for the most part, it gets me out of my head. What I don't like, is when someone reeks of pot comes around and brings me out of my bootleg book party. Rich must be here. I don't get why he lurks around school so much, he dropped out like 5 years ago. Screw this, I'm going to hang out in the stacks. Shuffling away from the smell, I quickly change tactics and begin to stare blankly at some Atlases (Atli?). Sadly, It didn't work. My attention was quickly drawn to Ren. Ren doesn't look happy. He's absolutely as gorgeous as ever, but uncomfortable as hell. To stay undercover, I wedged myself between the bookshelves parallel to further eavesdrop. You know, for science. Hypothesis: Boys are dumb. Let's watch. \"You know, City Mind, Country Mind . . .\" Randy/ Rich/ Whatever stopped for a moment, like he forgot what he was trying to say. \"Blazing!\" He's said that to half the freshman class. A grown ass man is lurking on campus, and all people can talk about is Ren. I attempted to look busy with \"WORLD ATLAS 1983\", as Ren responded with \"What makes you think I'm anything like you?\" Thank you Jesus. Hold on a second. \"This is what we call a take-homer. You need anything else?\" The overweight man child actually had the nerve to put a joint in Ren's pocket. People wonder why no one likes Georgia. Shifting my weight, irritability giving way for what felt like a moment, I wondered if I should get involved. They're just kind of yelling at each other, no one's gotten hurt. \"Hey, what is that?\" Mr. Holland, the librarian, who has a tendency to hit the peach snaps in his desk way too often He just had to wake up now, didn't he. He paused and looked at me, and the color drained from his face with the joint in his hand. I mustered up a sympathetic look, followed by a \"GO!\", gesturing wildly to the side doors of the library. I was relieved to see the guy I like pull a road runner, only the two coyotes chasing were faster and dumber. From the steps I heard on the pavement, and slamming doors, I bet he made it. Wait, guy I like? Shit.[Chapter 9] A/N: Two in one day! I'm on fire! Thanks for all this support, and I want you all to know that I made a playlist here ( http(:)/ / hard - to - scare / wildest - fantasies, be sure to check it out for all your Ren x Gabrielle needs! Also, i've been doing some reading on ADHD, and one of the side effects is irritability, so i'm going to be using some of that here . . . enjoy the chapter! - E Gabrielle had watched with minimal shock as Ren was chased out of the bathroom practically as soon as \"You too missy,\" without even a sound of protest, Gerry the drunk librarian, fistful of Ren's hoodie, and a tight grip on Gabrielle's forearm Are you actually kidding me? \"I will not tolerate it, Ren,\" Mr. Dubar began,\" Not in my school. So what have you gotta say for yourself?\" Mr. Dunbar puffed himself up, making his resemblance to a fish all the more prominent. \"What do I have to say? I was on the gymnastics team for three years. Got drug tested all the time. If I smoked weed, I'd be off the team.\" Ren shot back immediately, reassuring his companion in some way. \"He had a joint...\" Mr. Holland tried to appeal to Mr. Dunbar, \"You even know what one looks like?\" Gabrielle fired back, legs crossed \"Were you going to smoke it or sell it? Mr. Holland says you were with Rich Sawyer when this went down.\" \"I don't even know that prick.\" Gabrielle scoffed. \"Hey! Language.\" He had no idea how bad language could get. \"Ren, level with me.\" A twinge of panic wormed in the dark-haired girl's chest. If he said something, he'd be a target. \"Was it Rich's joint? You can tell me. There was a moment between the yelling, where Ren looked over at Gabrielle. Don't do it moron. \"I don't do drugs.\" Gabrielle felt a warm feeling in her chest. Yes. \"You can test me. And when it comes out clean, I want this guy investigated for barging into the bathroom stall with me. That's gross.\" Dunbar huffed. Not a good sign. \"But, since we don't have the evidence, I'm going to let you both off with a warning.\" Gabrielle had been in Principal Dunbar's office enough times to know that he never actually gave punishments, he just stated what the student/ ex-student/ lurker did wrong and then insulted them about unrelated topics. \"Gabby, I knew your brother, you know I did. He was wild, like you, trying to have lots of fun, but that's, sadly, what got him killed.\" The thin girl bristled, pulling the oversized sweater around her tighter in an attempt to transport into another dimension away from the assholes in Bomont. Many things had been said about Bobby in the years since the accident, but that was a new one. \"What i'm trying to say, is that, if you continue on this path that your on, it is going to lead to nothing but sin and an empty life.\" \"Your wife left you, how empty is your life?\" She mumbled down into her lap, only loud enough so Ren could hear. \"What was that?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Ren,\" Dunbar attempted to look earnest, and failed. \"listen to me, you have to understand something. You see, life is not some big party. I don't care what the rap music people say, marijuana is just wrong.\" Ren didn't do drugs, he didn't even like drugs. It was a known fact in his Boston High School, but Bomont was somehow still in denial that no one would pressure you into drugs. \" Son, listen to me. Ren, I knew your momma.\" The boy's head was then filled with images of his mother, hair higher than the Empire State Building desperately trying to avoid a very desperate adult Principal Dunbar. \" That's right. I knew Sandy.\" 'Sandy,' thought Gabrielle, 'That's a nice name.' She had a wild spark, just like you. Running off up north, trying to live the high life might have been fun, but it also led her into getting into some kind of …\" The Principal trailed off his lecture, as Gabrielle watched with baited breath, as Ren's ears began to steam \"unexpected trouble.\" A pure silence followed those words. The kind of silence before someone gets beheaded. The kind of silence before something explodes on the Forth of July. Terrifying silence. \"I'm thinking when you say 'unexpected trouble', you're talking about me.\" Dunbar lowered his gaze slightly. \"Right? Right?\" Ren's voice raised, \"Look, believe me, don't believe me. Suspend me, arrest me. I don't care.\" Gabrielle bowed her head. \"Never talk to me about my mother again. Do you understand?\" Off again with the Road-Runner like speed, Ren left the office, Gabrielle's forearm in his hand. Not a good day to be Gabrielle's arm. \"Hey!\" Was heard from a slightly tipsy Librarian, as well as an exasperated ,\"Let them go.\" ","Summary":" Chapter One: Footloose I can still hear it. \" Two, two, one, two. Mic check one, two. One, two.\" "},{"Movie":"LEGO Batman Movie","Title":"The Thin Line","Author":"tmntfan4eva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12387858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm not sure how long this story will run. Basically until my love of Batjokes dies down. lol As stated in the summary it also won't be like a traditional story, more a series of drabbles that flow in chronological order but don't have a big arc going. I mean, things will develop, but not the way they do in novels. Anyway, this one was inspired by a headcanon I saw on tumblr. Enjoy! It is late at night as Batman sits in his living room, still suited up. Even now that he has a family he still prefers to run around like this. Some habits die hard, that's for sure. He has Titanic stuck in tonight because why not. He has yet to fix his sleep schedule either and moments like this, sitting alone in front of the tv, make him feel as if nothing has changed at all and he is once more all alone. He fidgets in his seat. He has a powerful urge to go and check on them, Richard in particular, but with a snort and a bit of chastising he presses the feeling below the surface. Still, he is not blind to how his restlessness inches upward because of his choice. If only he had someone here to distract him. A crash and a thump punctuate his thoughts. He jumps in his skin and twists around, glaring into the darkness. What the heck? \"Alfred?\" He says with heavy suspicion. That sounded more like shattering glass than rummaging in the kitchen. But it was from the kitchen. He's sure. In the next instant a long sigh seeps from the kitchen and a figure appears in the doorway. Batman starts, going rigid. \"Joker!\" He narrows his eyes. \"What the heck are you doing here?\" When he speaks again his voice is low, a precaution against any potential eavesdroppers, \"This is not what we agreed on. Tomorrow. To-mor-row.\" Joker sighs again and meanders over to the couch. . \"Oh, Batsy.\" He flops over the back of the couch, his fingertips dangling just above the seat cushions. \"I just had to come.\" \"No you didn't.\" He crosses his arms. \"Unless…\" Fear sparks in his eyes. Joker shakes his head. \"No…nothing like that. No bombs, no fighting…\" He yawns. Batman blinks. \"Well why not?\" He puffs his lips out. \"There have to be bombs. You know that!\" \"I'm not so good…\" Batman's brows furrow and he tilts his head as he really takes in Joker's appearance. Purple rims his eyes, his face is creased with an unusual amount of lines, his expression is worn, and the light normally overflowing from his eyes is snuffed out. \"What's wrong with you?\" He frowns. Joker shakes his head. \"I haven't been able to sleep in days.\" Batman raises a brow. \"You've never had this problem before. At least you better not have!\" he says indignantly. Otherwise he might not be as awesome as he thinks if Joker was only functioning at half capacity. Ha! As if. Joker chuckles. \"No, I mean, yeah, occasionally it'll happen, but Harley was always there to help me sleep.\" \"And…she's not now?\" He makes a face. Did they get in a fight or something? Oh geez is he gonna have to play therapist? Please no. \"She'll be back. Just went out.\" \" Out? \" Batman leaps to his feet, ready to spring into action. Joker smiles. \"Not that kind of out. No crime. Just spending time with Poison Ivy is all.\" Batman narrows his eyes. \"That just makes her even more suspicious.\" He sinks back onto the couch anyway. Joker shrugs. \"Well…she's been gone for almost a week now. And it hit me bad. Stupid insomnia.\" \"And you came here becaaaause…?\" \"Company. It helps.\" He puts the extra effort into widening his eyes to stare pleadingly at Batman. Batman snorts and jerks his head in the opposite direction. \"Yeah sure whatever. But I hate this so much. It would just be boring to kick you out when you can barely walk straight.\" Joker's smile spreads clear across his face. Hate. His heart flutters. Batman glances at Joker from the corner of his eye. \"And we're watching this movie and you just have to deal with it.\" He shakes his remote in the direction of the tv. \"Ooooh, Titanic.\" Joker pulls himself over the couch and slumps down, deep into the cushions. For the next thirty minutes Batman's eyes flit to Joker every other second. He can't stop himself from thinking the guy will try something. Also, he does look pretty bad. What if he passes out and dies or something? It makes him almost as anxious as being alone, almost. He definitely isn't more anxious. Absolutely not. Eventually he gets his mind off of Joker enough to focus on the movie. When the movie reaches the peak of chaos he turns to say something and the worry comes back full force. Joker is bent over. He presses his fingers along the bridge of his nose and then along his temple, over and over again. \"Are you okay?\" Batman watches Joker carefully. \"No, not really.\" He breathes deeply in and out. His mouth is way too watery and he has to swallow every few seconds. \"It's really loud too.\" Realization lights in Batman's eyes. \"Oh, yeah.\" He hits the pause button. \"Want some ibuprofen or something?\" He stands in preparation. \"That'd be great.\" Batman hurries to the kitchen. He rummages through the cabinets and after a few mumbled curses stumbles upon the medicine he wants. He nabs it along with a cup of water and heads to the living room. When he returns he sees that Joker isn't even bothering to sit up anymore. Joker lays on his side with his legs curled up, one arm hanging off the side of the couch and one over his eyes. Batman shifts from one foot to the other. \"Um, hey.\" He nudges Joker. \"Here's the stuff.\" He holds them out for Joker. Joker props himself up on his elbow and holds his other hand out for the pills. Batman drops the pills into his hand. Joker throws the pills into his mouth and snatches for the water to help swallow them. He wishes the relief was instantaneous, but he doesn't have enough energy to trick his mind into overcoming matter. Batman sinks back onto the couch, now less than an arm's length away from Joker. \"Hey,\" Joker says weakly. \"Say something.\" Batman makes a face. \"What?\" Joker shrugs. \"Harley rambles for me when I can't sleep. It's nice to hear a constant noise.\" Batman snorts. \"Last time I checked my voice is the exact opposite of soothing. No one wants to listen to this.\" He motions at himself. \"I like it,\" Joker says absently. Batman jerks his gaze the opposite direction, his cheeks flushing beneath his mask. \"Yeah, well, I don't like to talk.\" He crosses his arms. \"So there.\" Joker frowns. \"Yeah, alright.\" Batman peeks from the corner of his eye. His bites his lip and drums his fingers against his arms. Tentatively he reaches over and places a hand on Joker's head. Joker blinks up at him, even this action coming off sluggish. Batman hesitates, lifts his hand, and drops it again. Then he makes the choice, he runs his fingers through Joker's hair. Joker smiles through the pain of his headache. He even dares to wiggle closer, close enough to lean his head against Batman's leg. Batman stiffens and freezes when he feels Joker leaning on him, but after a long moment he snaps himself out of it. He relaxes and begins to rub Joker's hair once more. Joker lets out a breath and shuts his eyes for the millionth times over these past few days, praying that sleep will come this time. Batman glances at Joker's face. \"Don't you dare tell anyone.\" He narrows his eyes. Joker smiles. \"Never.\" It isn't instantaneous, but after so long Batman feels Joker become heavier on his leg and when his breathing evens out. He leans forward to peer at Joker's face as he pauses his hand to test it. When Joker offers no protest and doesn't so much as flinch Batman knows he really is asleep. He smiles. Only now…how the heck is he supposed to sleep? He groans beneath his breath and throws his head back. Stupid Joker. Still, he mumbles, \"Hate you forever.\" Anyway, the headcanon is that Joker has a problem with sleeping, like insomnia. Since this is the tentative start of their relationship without the fighting, Batman obviously isn't a hundred percent comfortable yet. Well, I hope you enjoyed it. I know I had fun. Please review![Chapter 2] Oh look another chapter. Also, I've decided when Batman isn't in his suit I will call him Bruce. It's weird to use 'Batman' in the narration when he isn't dressed like Batman. I don't really like him having two names like that, but whatever. I'm just impossible to please I guess. lol Enjoy! Bruce barrels down the road and turns hard into the school driveway. He curses beneath his breath. He can't believe he forgot what day it was. Sure, it's only been a few months since he adopted Richard and it's been a struggle to correct his terrible sleeping habits, but come on . A part of him wants to blame Alfred for not realizing he was still asleep and not going to get Richard for him, but he knows it is a childish sentiment. It's his responsibility to raise this kid and a part of that is taking him to school and picking him up five days a week. He leaps from the car and looks all around him. He called Richard before he tore out of the house to get him and told him to wait in front of the school. So where the heck is he? His heart picks up speed and every muscle tenses as he continues to scan the area with no sign of Richard. Did he seriously run off? No, Richard is an excellent listener. That only leaves one possibility. Is eyes widen and he pivots, racing back to the car. \"Computer,\" he yells. \"Tracking system active. Now.\" He slams his foot on the pedal and flies down the street. He has never been so glad to be a paranoid parent and have placed a tracking device on all of Richard's clothes. \"Also, suit.\" \"Yes, sir.\" The cowl drops onto his head and the suit wraps around his normal clothes. \"Richard is ten blocks west.\" A screen pops up on his window with a blinking dot. \"Thanks.\" He jerks the wheel and runs a red light in his haste. It takes him only a few minutes to reach Richard's location and he bursts through the window of the building without a second thought. \"Finally,\" Joker groans. \"Took you long enough.\" Richard smiles from ear to ear and bounces in his seat. \"Hi, padre.\" He waves. Batman does a double take. \"What the heck? Why do you have my kid?\" More importantly why are they sitting so casually? \"Duh,\" Joker stretches out the vowel. \"I knew you'd come for him. So I got him.\" He grins. Batman stares at Joker as if he is an idiot. \"You do realize this is the saddest attempt at a hostage situation ever. Right?\" Richard pops into a standing position. \"Nah, I'm not a hostage.\" Batman makes a face. \"What? Yes you are. That's why I'm here – to save you.\" Richard shakes his head. \"I came on my own. Mr. Joker promised he wouldn't hurt me or anything. All he wanted was to see you.\" Joker barks out a laugh. \"I did not put it that way.\" His cheeks color. Richard snickers, his voice a whisper as he leans forward and says, \"But that's what he meant.\" He nods. Batman rolls his eyes. \"Is this about me not fighting you for a week or two? Seriously?\" Joker leaps to his feet and stamps a foot. \"A month. \" He glares. \"It's been a whole month since you've tried to stop me. Sending out that woman instead.\" He sneers. Batman throws his arms in the air. \"Come on, you know I can't fight you every other day like I used to. I have a kid to take care of.\" He indicates Richard. Joker huffs. \"Just bring him then. It's not like he's helpless. Gullible, maybe, but certainly not helpless.\" \"No.\" Batman crosses his arms. \"That would be bad parenting.\" \"Worse than letting you kid get kidnapped? \" Joker's lips curl upward. Batman fumes. \"It was one time. Besides, that's what the tracker is for.\" He gives a firm nod. \"And what happens when I'm not the one who grabs him, huh?\" He raises a brow. Richard raises a tentative hand. \"Um, can I say something?\" Batman sighs. \"What? Dad's kinda in the middle of something.\" Richard fiddles with his fingers. \"Well, if Mr. Joker wants to see you so badly and you're so busy, why doesn't he just come to our house sometimes?\" He smiles meekly and his eyes shine with such genuine innocence. Batman utters a single syllable laugh. \"No way.\" Joker shoves his nose in the air. \"I second that. It only works when we fight.\" Richard frowns. \"Nu-uh. You come over and fall asleep on the couch sometimes.\" Joker and Batman's faces turn crimson and they yell together, \"Lies!\" Richard giggles. \"Or! I know!\" His face lights up. \"Whenever you are too tired to get me, Mr. Joker can get me instead. Just like now.\" \"No, no, no, no.\" Batman jerks his head every time he says no. \"And for the last time, this was not 'picking you up', he kidnapped you, Dick. Kid-napped. Got it?\" Richard frowns. \"I dunno. I didn't feel very kidnapped. We played checkers.\" He points to the table in front of the couch. Batman looks stupefied. Joker shrugs. \"We were bored.\" \"Alrighty then. Well, we're leaving.\" He turns on his heel. \"Come on, Dick.\" Richard runs his foot in circles on the floor. \"Um, since we're here, why don't we fight?\" Batman stops. He turns slowly. \"Why should I?\" He crosses his arms. Joker scowls at Batman, but he can't conceal all the hurt in his eyes. \"It'll make you happy,\" Richard says in a sing song voice. \"And you know it. Plus, if you don't,\" he puts on his best defiant face. \"I'm gonna stay here forever.\" Batman falters. \"You will do no such thing.\" He wags a finger at Richard. \"I am your father and you will obey. That's your superpower. Now obey.\" Richard shoves his nose in the air and marches to Joker's side. Joker grins from ear to ear and his eyes light up as he looks at Richard. \"I like this kid.\" He ruffles Richard's hair. Richard giggles. Batman grumbles. \"Fine.\" \"New game!\" Joker flashes the tracker before Batman's face. His eyes gleam deviously. \"I call it 'find Robin without a tracker'.\" He grabs Richard and races from the building. Richard laughs. \"See you, padre!\" Batman starts. \"Hey! Hey!\" He sprints after them. He knows he should be more worried, but he finds a smile spreading across his lips anyway. His heart speeds up and it's nothing like back at the school. Now it's pure exhilaration. And he vows to never go without it for a month ever again. Also, yes, I am all about the Two Dads thing. If you couldn't tell by this. Joker is so his second dad. Thus the reason there will be lots of Robin throughout these short stories. lol Please review![Chapter 3] I am on fire! I might try to be a reasonable human and not write a new one every day, but we'll see how that goes. lol Enjoy! Joker continues to pick one day a week to snatch Richard, alternating whether or not he keeps the tracking device on the kid or not. Two months pass like this until one day it doesn't go quite as planned. Joker shows up at the school per usual and the kids no longer start running and screaming at the sight of him. He realizes he should be offended and somewhere deep down he's sure he is, but honestly it's nice not to have to listen to them wail as he goes up to Richard. \"Alright, come on kid. Let's go.\" He holds out a hand for the tracker. Today is an off day for it. Richard frowns and shifts from one foot to the other. \"I don't know, Mr. Joker.\" Joker raises a brow. \"What are you talking about? This is what we do every week. There's no 'not knowing' about it. And quite honestly, you don't have a choice. You are my hostage.\" All the children nearby laugh. Joker glares in their direction. \"Do want to be my next hostages?\" All the children squeal and scatter. \" Anyway, \" Joker returns his eyes to Richard. \"Hand it over.\" Richard ducks his head. \"See, dad wasn't in such a good mood this morning. I don't know if he'll like this.\" Joker blows out a breath and brushes off Richard's concerns. \"He'll be more upset if we break our routine. Trust me.\" He looks hard at Richard. Richard sighs. \"Okay, Mr. Joker.\" He feels around on his shirt and plucks the tracker off. \"Here you go.\" Joker grins. \"There you go.\" He tosses the tracker into a tree. When he notices Richard is still looking uncomfortable his expression dims and he reaches out to ruffle the kid's hair. \"We'll play chutes and ladders if you want.\" Richard bounces in place and grins. \"Okay!\" Joker plucks the kid off the ground and skips to the car waiting by the curb. \"Monkey face, put the pedal to the metal.\" He hops into the passenger seat. \"Where to, Sugarplum?\" Harley smiles. \"Any old abandoned building will do.\" Joker waves a hand dismissively. \"But do try to make it different than ones before.\" \"Can do.\" She tears out of the school driveway. They find a place thirty minutes away from the school and Harley drops the pair off. \"Call me when you're ready.\" She waves. \"Will do.\" Joker waves in return. \"Alright, kid. Time to play.\" He leads Richard into the building and finds a place to sit and set up the game. Richard plays along – rolls the dice, moves his piece – but there is no spirit to his movements and the light never quite reaches his eyes. Joker's brow furrows and he frowns as he watches the kid. He lets it go for a while, but by the time they are a quarter into the second round he can't take it another second. \"Come. On.\" Joker crosses his arms in a huff. Richard starts. He blinks up at Joker. \"Huh?\" \"You've been begging to play this infuriating game for weeks. Now I agree to it and you are completely out of it. You aren't smiling or laughing or cheering or any of the silly stuff you normally do.\" He throws his hands in the air. \"Sorry.\" Richard shrugs. \"I just…have a bad feeling.\" \"Yeah, well, you're no fun at all like this.\" He flops over on the floor in dramatic fashion. \"So snap out of it.\" He snaps his fingers. Richard puffs out a laugh. \"Plus, don't you think it's taking him a little too long?\" He twiddles his fingers. Joker waves a hand. \"He probably overslept again.\" Richard averts his eyes. \"Yeah-\" A car crashes through the side of the building and Batman throws the door open. \"Get. In.\" He says through clenched teeth. \" Now. \" Richard ducks his head. \"Y-Yes, Padre.\" He picks himself up from the floor and drags his feet as he goes to the car. Joker leaps to his feet and bounces around the door to get a clear view of Batman. \"Relax, Batsy.\" He slings an arm over Richard's shoulder. \"It's not like he ran away from home or anything.\" He grins all the while. Richard ducks further and tries to wriggle out of Joker's hold. He needs to get the heck out of here as fast as possible or- \"And you .\" Batman narrows his eyes. \"I've had about enough of you.\" Joker blinks and his face creases with uncertainty. \"What?\" Richard scurries forward and hops into the passenger seat. \"Padre,\" his voice is soft. \"Let's just go home.\" He doesn't want to see them fight, not like this. Physical fights are one thing, but this is going to go very bad, very fast. Batman looks past Richard, his blazing gaze locked on Joker. \" Some of us have real lives and can't waste half the day parading around the city looking for a half-baked criminal. If you are that desperate for attention, go rob a bank. Let Barbara kick your ass. I don't care. But keep your filthy hands off my son . Got it?\" Joker starts at the pure venom in Batman's words. He opens and closes his mouth around empty words as he struggles to piece together some kind of response in his scrambled head, but in the end all he can do is stare, hurt shining clearly in his eyes. Richard's eyes widen and tears well in his eyes at the sight of Joker so distraught. Still there's nothing he can do to ease that pain. The best he can do is get Batman out of here as fast as possible before he can tear into Joker anymore. \"Padre,\" he whines, struggling to hide the hurt in his own voice. \"I wanna go home.\" Batman sneers. \"Now get out of here.\" He smashes a button and the door automatically closes before he floors it, leaving the same way he came in. Joker can only stare vacantly in the wake of the car. His body doesn't want to move. Even his thoughts are at a standstill. There's nothing, not for what feels like hours. Then the pain pierces him and the tears well up and over, rolling down his cheeks. Waste the day. The pain chokes him as Batman's words replay, battering him over and over. Half-baked criminal. Don't care. Filthy. He isn't sure how long he stands there or how long it take to stop crying, but finally a singular thought filters through the haze of pain. He needs to call Harley. Yeah. He mechanically lifts the phone, dials the number, and waits. \"Ready, sugar plumb?\" Her sing song voice comes through. \"Y-Yeah.\" He coughs, trying to hide the stutter. \"Yeah.\" He doesn't know what else to say. If he can say anything else without falling apart. There is a long pause on Harley's end as she mulls over just how to deal with this and what this is exactly. Ultimately she simply says, \"Roger that!\" It only takes a few minutes for her to get from their lair to the building and the sight of the hole in the building makes alarms go off in her head. That is a little too much damage for their routine kidnapping game. When she pulls up within view of Joker her fears are only confirmed. His makeup is smeared, his eyes red, and tracks of tears streak his face. \"Boo boo?\" She frowns and her brows knit together. Joker wordlessly gets into the car. He stares straight ahead. Harley bites her lip and side eyes Joker, but she lets it lie until they make it back to their base. Joker shuffles inside and slumps onto the couch. He stares with empty eyes at the blank tv sceen. He taps his foot at a near constant beat – the only way to release his tension in at least some small degree. Harley wanders over and takes a seat next to him. \"You wanna talk about it?\" She reaches over, lays her hand on his, and squeezes. Joker's lip trembles and his expression crumbles. \"He was so…cruel,\" his voice cracks. Sobs choke out of him and the tears rise once more. Sadness shines in Harley's eyes. \"I'm sure he didn't mean it.\" Joker leans over and rests his head in her lap. \"You weren't there.\" He curls into a tight ball. \"He's never talked to me like that.\" He curls his hands around the fabric of her pants. Harley runs her fingers through his hair with one hand and rubs his back with the other. \"Boo boo, it'll work out,\" she soothes. \"You two are greatest enemies. He admitted it.\" She smiles. \"He was just having a bad day. You'll see.\" Joker runs an arm over his face to wipe away the tears. He sniffles. \"Yeah,\" his voice wavers despite his efforts. \"I'm sure you're right Harley.\" Harley grimaces. He rarely calls her by her real name. Sure, at times it means nothing, but right now it causes her worry to skyrocket. It is a sign he doesn't really believe in his own words. Worse, that he is continuing to sink even now as his crying has ebbed. His mind has not recovered, not even close. \"How about we watch some Mean Girls?\" She puts on her best smile as she leans forward to peer at his face. Joker puffs out a laugh and manages a tiny smile. \"Sure.\" … Bruce sits hunched over on the couch, his hand folded in front of his mouth the muffle the flow of grumbled curses. Richard stands just behind the couch. He bites his lip, peeks up at Bruce's back, and then drops his gaze. He does it again and again, unsure of what to say or if he should say anything at all. He doesn't like the funk Bruce seems to be in, but without knowing what exactly the funk is there's nothing he can do. He feels so helpless, useless. So in the end he just leaves. He goes to his room and tries to put it out of his mind, but his toys engage him about as much as the game of Chutes and Ladders with Joker. He sighs and his shoulders slump. This isn't going to work. For another thirty minutes he tries in vain before once more he moves. To the kitchen, then the den, then an unused bedroom. He shifts from one room to the next until he finds himself in the living room once more. Bruce still sitting there, still mumbling. He might as well have been a statue except for this lips. Other than that Richard swears his father hasn't moved the slightest inch. Richard grimaces. Well, that settles it then. He can't leave this. He shuffles over to the couch to stand in front of Bruce. \"Um, Padre?\" his voice is no more than a whisper. \"Not now kid,\" Bruce's tone is gruff. He doesn't even look up. Richard swallows hard. He clasps his hands as his waist. \"Don't you think you were kinda mean to Joker?\" Bruce goes rigid, his jaw clenches, his muscles tense. \"Go play in your room.\" Richard hears the warning in Bruce's words, but he does not heed it. \"I think you made him sad and-\" \"I said. Go.\" His voice is much sharper than he intended it to be. Richard jumps. His eyes widen and he ducks his head, drawing his tiny hands up to press against his lips. Bruce starts and shame punches him in the gut. When he speaks the words tumble out, \"No, sorry, I didn't mean to yell.\" He reaches out to Richard. \"I just-I was…\" Richard rushes forward and hugs Bruce. \"What's wrong, dad?\" Bruce's throat tightens. He hesitates, then wraps his arms around Richard and hugs him tight. He breathes deeply, in and out. \"It's just…today is…\" He isn't sure he can say it or if he should say it. Richard is only a kid. Sure, he knows the same kind of pain, but… \"Did something bad happen…?\" his voice is quiet. Bruce grimaces. \"Yeah…\" he sighs. \"A long time ago. Yeah.\" Richard leans away from Bruce in order to peer up at his face. \"Today is…when my parents died.\" He averts his eyes. Richard's eyes widen. \"Oh.\" His chest tightens and heart clenches. He most definitely knows that feeling. He just…forgot, for a while, that Bruce was an orphan just like him. With their new family he forgets more and more frequently. Yeah, there are days he remembers his own parents but he doesn't think about Bruce's parents. \"Padre...\" He lays his head against Bruce's chest once more. \"It's okay.\" Bruce manages a small smile. \"Thanks,\" to his surprise his voice is hoarse. \"So I just…even though I should have known it was Joker…I was terrified.\" He lays his head atop Richard's head. \"I'm sorry.\" Richard marks the day in his mind. He never wants to forget, never wants to put his father in this kind of position again, and always wants to be able to keep others from making the same mistake again. Oops, my hand slipped and I accidentally wrote a two parter. Guess you'll have to wait a bit to see how this works itself out. ;) Also, I went back and forth between wanting Bruce to have just been in a bad mood in general or for it to be related to his parents. Clearly I made a choice and I hope it was the right one. Please review![Chapter 4] This one was fun. Longer than the others, but still lots of fun. I hope you enjoy just as much as I did. :) Things change after that. Crime doesn't disappear entirely, but the biggest draw inherent in it does. Robbery? Catwoman. Prison break? Bane. Team efforts to pull off a heist? There are plenty of villains, but there is never Joker. Batman stops them of course, but his usual gusto starts to dissipate after the first few weeks. The victories feel very hollow, even to Robin. More than anything though Richard notices the gap in his own life as week after week goes by and there is not a single day in any of them where Joker swoops in to take him away. The other children even start to talk about it. In a way he knows he should be glad. It means he won't worry his dad like that ever again, and yet…he misses it. The bell rings for recess and the children race from the school. They rush to the playground and split off into their groups. Richard lags, running at the rear of the pack. His mind wars over which piece of equipment he should play on today and he veers left, heading for the slide. It is then, out of the corner of his eye, that he notices a startling contrast – something that does not belong. Startling green set against the red brick of the school. He screeches to a halt and pivots, his eyes widening as his gaze falls on a familiar figure. A smile spreads clear across his face and with a quick glance over his shoulder to make sure none of the teachers are paying him any mind he changes course. He makes a beeline for the criminal. Joker sits on the sidewalk and leans back against the brick wall, his legs bent and his arms hanging over them. \"Mr. Joker,\" Richard calls to him. When he reaches Joker, however, the cheer falls away. Up close he can see how vacant Joker's eyes are. Honestly he looks like he is looking at nothing at all. Is he even awake? Can people sleep with their eyes open? Richard frowns and just stands there for a while, watching the man. It takes a full minute for him to settle on his knees at Joker's side. \"What are you doing here?\" Joker shifts his gaze so that he is looking at Richard. Still, the emptiness never quite leaves his face. He shrugs. \"I just felt like it I guess.\" Richard's brows knit together. \"I can't go with you right now, you know. It's only recess and-\" Joker barks out a laugh. \"As if I'd ever do that again.\" Richard blinks. \"What do you mean?\" Joker shakes his head. \"You heard it just as well as me. Chasing me is a waste of his time. And I can't touch you.\" He lifts his hands and stares for a long moment before sneering at them and dropping them on his knees again. Filthy hands. \"I probably shouldn't be here at all.\" Richard's eyes widen and his heart clenches. He hears the words just as clearly in his head as if they were being said right here and now all over again. \"Oh, no.\" Richard shakes his head fervently. \"He didn't mean it. Really. He was just really upset about something, something completely different. He wasn't mad at you at all.\" Joker snorts. \"If you say so.\" Richard shifts his legs out from under him and sits against the brick just like Joker. \"Please,\" his voice is tiny. \"Don't be so sad.\" He wraps his arms around Joker's arm and leans his head on Joker's shoulder. Joker starts and nearly jerks away out of instinct. His brow furrows as he stares curiously at the child. \"You're supposed to smile and laugh even when there's nothing funny at all.\" He nuzzles Joker's arm. \"Commit crimes, play with me, and always come back no matter what.\" Joker's lips tremble and his expression crumbles. \"Stop it,\" his voice cracks. He can feel the emotion swell in his chest. Any more of this and it will break free. \"It's okay to cry,\" Richard murmurs. \"Even if you're a bad guy. And you're not really bad anyway. Not to me.\" Joker hates himself for it, but for the millionth time over the past few weeks he cries. Tears roll down his face and he can only be thankful that they are silent for once. He can't afford to draw any more attention to himself by being so childish as to sob. Richard hugs tighter. \"Hey, want some ice cream?\" Joker blinks, stunned. \"What?\" Richard grins and springs to his feet. \"Ice cream.\" He grabs Joker's hands and tugs. \"It always makes me feel better when I'm sad.\" Joker snorts and more tears shake free. \"I don't think…\" \"Come on, there's a place right by the school. We can get there and back before I have to go back to class.\" He continues to tug futilely. Joker wipes an arm over his face. \"Okay.\" He pushes himself to his feet. \"Alright!\" Richard pulls Joker along. \"Now you're my hostage.\" Joker puffs out a laugh and even finds it in him to smile a little. It is just as quick as Richard said it would be. Every step of the way Richard keeps his hand in Joker's, even as they get an odd look from the man running the stand. They only separate as they sit across from each other on a bench. \"See? Isn't this great, Mr. Joker?\" Richard smiles between licks. Joker contemplates the child. \"Why do you call me that?\" He never really thought about it before, consumed with getting Batman's attention more than anything. Now though, it sticks out to him. Richard blinks. \"What do you mean?\" \"You call me 'Mr. Joker'. Why?\" Richard frowns and shrugs. \"It's just nice I thought.\" Joker chuckles, a weak sentiment. \"Do you want me to call you something else?\" Richard tilts his head, genuine curiosity shining in his eyes. Joker shakes his head. \"It's fine. Just…different.\" Although he can't say he has had much experience with children. Maybe that's a thing plenty of them do. Even if it is, he knows they wouldn't with him. An idea sparks in Richard's head and he grins. \"How about Anti-dad!\" He bounces in his seat. Joker stares dumbfounded. \"I'm sorry?\" Richard doesn't falter in the slightest. \"Anti-dad. You know, cause you're a criminal, and cause I already have a dad. I can't call you both dad.\" He rolls his eyes, as if this is obvious. Joker stares for a long moment. Only as the sheer honesty behind the kid's words sets in does he react. He bursts out laughing. Richard's cheeks color. \"What?\" He ducks his head. \"You're adorable.\" Joker grins from ear to ear and for just a moment he completely forgets all the pain of the past few weeks. He reaches over and ruffles the kid's hair. The smile falls. \"But I'm no father. I could never be.\" Richard's brows knit together. \"Why not? I like you.\" Joker smiles but there is a bitter edge to it. \"Like you said, I'm a criminal.\" He feels himself sinking all over again. \"Criminals can have a family too,\" Richard insists. \"Besides, you play board games with me and take me for ice cream. It counts. At least…\" his voice gets softer. \"It counts to me.\" \"Well, thanks.\" Joker stands and starts to walk in the direction of the school. \"Come on, we need to go back.\" He holds a hand out without thinking about it. Richard's face lights up. He bounces from his seat and slips his hand into Joker's. \"See?\" He points. \"Good parent.\" He snickers. Joker starts and jerks his hand away. \"No. Bad.\" He scowls. Richard's eyes widen and become watery. He frowns and ducks his head. Joker starts. Panic twists his face and he waves his hands frantically. \"No, come on. Don't do that.\" Richard holds up his hand. Joker blows out and breath. \"Okay, fine.\" Richard giggles and twines his arm around Joker's before locking hands. He leans heavily against Joker and nuzzles him. Joker smiles, a soft genuine sentiment. They walk back together and once they reach the same brick wall, Joker lets go. \"See you…\" he grimaces as he realizes what he is saying. \"…sometime.\" He shrugs. Who knows when that will be. His heart plummets. Richard puffs out his lips. \"Hey,\" he pipes. \"Since you know he wasn't mad at you now, why don't you go rob a bank or something tonight?\" He watches with eager eyes and holds his breath all the while. Joker shakes his head. \"It's more complicated than that.\" Richard frowns. \"No it's not.\" Joker doesn't say anything to that. \"Bye, kid.\" He just walks away. Richard stares sadly after him, the bell ringing distantly in his mind. He chews on the inside of his cheek as his mind whirs. There has to be a way to fix this. His face lights up. Of course. He waits impatiently for the rest of the school day to pass by, for his dad to come and get him. He even waits all of the way home, not wanting to rush into it too soon. Once they are home, however, he can't hold it in any longer. \"Padre.\" He plants himself in front of Bruce. He realizes he could never pose as any real kind of barricade to his father, but it is the sentiment that is most important in his mind. Bruce looks down at Richard. \"Yeah, what's up, Dick?\" He tilts his head. \"You should apologize to Joker,\" he says with a firm nod. Bruce chokes on thin air. \"I'm sorry, what?\" He tries his best to laugh it off. Richard crosses his arms. \"You heard me. Say you're sorry for being so mean.\" Bruce makes a face. \"Where is this coming from?\" Richard looks hard at his father. \"You hurt his feelings and that's why he hasn't done any bad things lately. You know it. And all you do is sulk now because of it.\" Bruce snorts. \"I do not sulk.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Richard raises a brow. \"Then you weren't about to sit in front of the couch and watch sappy movies about people breaking up and then making up by the end all day and night?\" Bruce narrows his eyes. \"What does it matter what I watch? I just like those movies! All the time.\" Richard looks at him as if he is stupid. \"You haven't watched Serendipity in a month.\" \"So! I watch what I want.\" He shoves his nose in the air and stomps to the couch, stopping as he realizes he is about to do exactly what Richard said he would. He grumbles to himself. Richard snickers, but the amusement fades in the face of the seriousness of this conversation. \"Come on, Padre.\" He follows after him and once more faces his father. He stares with wide, pleading eyes. \"I know you feel bad about what you said. So just find him. Say you're sorry, that you didn't mean it.\" Bruce averts his eyes. \"It's more complicated than that.\" Richard grimaces as the same words that Joker said to him come out of Bruce's mouth. \"Why?\" He puffs his lips out in a pout. Bruce shakes his head and sighs. \"He has to commit a crime.\" He maneuvers around Richard and sinks into the couch. \"Otherwise there's no reason Batman should ever see him.\" Richard grinds his teeth. This is ridiculous! How can two people who clearly want to see each other more than anyone else in the world be so unwilling to just do it? It makes him want to scream. It makes him want to- Richard blinks. The irritation smoothes out of his face. \"Whatever.\" He walks away, to his room. If that's how they want to be, then he'll just have to take matters into his own hands. … Bruce shows up at the school on time today. He's sure he does. Only when he gets there, Richard is nowhere in sight. His heart picks up speed and panic seizes him for a brief moment before surging into fury. He bares his teeth and his eyes catch fire. He burns rubber and makes a beeline for one of Joker's known hideouts. He suits up along the way and only barely stops himself from plowing through the side of the building like that day so many weeks ago. He'd never admit it, but he is more than a little worried he would cause the building to collapse and every in it to be crushed. He leaps from the car and smashes through the nearest window. \" Joker, \" venom drips from his words. You would think the clown would learn from the last time. Taking Richard is exactly the wrong way to fix this mess. Joker jolts to attention and blinks at Batman. \"Batman?\" His brow furrows. \"What are you doing here?\" Batman scoffs. \"Don't play dumb with me.\" He points a finger at Joker. \"I know you have him.\" Joker frowns. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Yeah,\" Harley pipes from her place by Joker's side. \"Mister J hasn't done anything illegal in weeks.\" Her eyes widen as she realizes she might have said too much. Batman flinches. Of course he is all too aware of this, still, hearing it out loud makes it all the more real. Joker hasn't been himself since he snapped at him that day. Then it hits him. His face drains of color. \"No, you have to have him,\" his voice is breathless. Joker's brows knit together and then he too realizes the gravity of the situation. He scrambles off the couch. \"Robin? You lost the kid?\" His heart leaps into his throat. Every nerve stands on end. Batman trembles despite his efforts. \"You don't have him…\" His throat tightens. Joker swivels. \"Harley!\" Harley hops to her feet without another word. \"I'm on it, Mister J.\" She rushes out the door, yelling over her shoulder, \"I'll cover the east side of town. Ivy will go west.\" Joker looks hard at Batman. \"You take north, I'll take south?\" He intends for it to be a command, but an inflection sneaks into his last word. Batman nods. \"Yeah.\" They race out of the building and go separate ways. Before taking to his section of town, however, Batman makes an entire sweep of the school. Maybe he missed him. Maybe Richard is really there, waiting somewhere. Only he isn't. Batman knows it, but it doesn't stop his heart from clenching when he comes up empty handed. As a last ditch effort he even checks the tracker. Again, no. It says he is here. Yet he is not. Of course not. Joker even ditches his assigned section for a little while to check the place they had eaten ice cream together. It's silly, of course, because Batman wouldn't have missed him if he had been there, but he can't stop himself. He dares to hope. And that hope shatters. The panic rushing through him becomes more intense, his heart pounding in his ears. He turns hard on his heel and heads for his section of town. This can't be how it ends. Even though he had no part of this he is sure Batman would never forgive him anyway. More than that, Joker would never forgive himself. Harley doesn't do as they do. She is just as frantic, yes, but she refuses to let that cloud her judgement. She doesn't comb every area of every building. She thinks with the mind of a child and more so a child with an agenda. She goes to safe places – restaurants, the library, the gaming store, and other stores. She doesn't go into any of them either. She understands exactly what is going on and that would not serve Richard at all. Finally she comes to the skating rink and there he is, just as she predicted. Not inside, not hiding at all, not even lost. Forlorn perhaps, but not at all in danger. She hurries over to him. \"Richard!\" Richard starts and jerks his gaze up to meet her. He gasps and his eyes light up. \"Miss Quinn.\" He smiles. Harley scoops him into her arms and hugs him close. \"It's Harley, darling. I told you that.\" Richard smiles sheepishly. \"Right. Sorry, Miss Harley.\" Harley chuckles. She grabs her phone from her pocket and dials Joker. Joker fumbles with his phone and finally manages to answer it. \"Harley?\" He holds his breath. \"I found him.\" Her smile reaches all the way to her voice. \"The skating rink.\" Joker utters a breathy laugh. Relief sweeps over his features. \"Thank you so much, sweetheart.\" He makes a beeline for Harley's location, but not before calling Batman to let him know where to go. Harley slips her phone back into her pocket and shifts Richard's weight on her hip. \"You had us worried sick sweetie. What were you thinking?\" She asks it even though she already knows the answer. Richard shrugs. \"Stuff.\" He isn't ready to tell yet. Not without them here. \"Uh-huh.\" Harley smirks knowingly. \"Well it'd good to have you back.\" She nuzzles him. It takes Batman far too long to get across town, but eventually he makes it. He trips over himself getting out of the car then rushes over to where Harley stands holding his child. His voice catches in his throat and he can feels the tears – whether from sheer relief or a release of all the fear he had felt before he can not be sure. He'll never be sure. All he knows is he is so thankful as he pulls Richard out of Harley's arms and clutches him close. \"Dick…\" He chokes out. He buries his face in the kid's hair. Richard grimaces and guilt weighs heavy on his shoulders. \"Padre…\" He reaches up and wraps his arms around his father. \"Sorry.\" Even as he comforts Batman he peers over his father's shoulder in search of another. Where is he? Where-? Joker comes into view only a minute later. Still, he does not join in on the celebration. He lingers at a distance. He smirks at the child. He too understands the point of all this now. Richard grins. He wriggles in Batman's grip. Batman blinks and loosens his hold on his son. \"Dick?\" Richard squirms until he is finally able to break free with a tiny grunt as he lands on all fours. He scrambles to his feet and scurries toward Joker. \"Mr. Joker,\" his voice is soft as he approaches. He offers a small smile. He raises his arms and waits. Joker recognizes his impulse, but his eyes instinctively dart to Batman. He knows better than to interfere anymore. Batman watches him carefully. More than anything he isn't sure what to make of Richard and his actions. Joker makes the tentative decision to move closer. He reaches down and lifts Richard into his arms. \"You little trickster,\" he says it as if to scold, but the way he engulfs Richard in a hug contradicts it entirely. Richard giggles. \"Sorry, but I had to.\" He looks up, at Batman. \"Padre.\" He reaches out toward his father. He's much too far to grab, but he hopes it will be enough to beckon him. Batman sighs. He takes slow steps toward the pair. \"You wandered out here on purpose.\" He finally comes to the same conclusion as everyone else. Richard ducks his head. \"Maybe.\" He tugs on Joker's sleeve. Joker takes the cue and sets Richard on his feet. Richard scampers away, to Harley's side. He never once looks away though. He holds his breath as he keeps an eye on them. Harley wraps an arm around his shoulder. She too holds her breath. This is it. Make or break. Joker tenses and shifts from one foot to the other. He drops his eyes to the ground and glances up at Batman over and over. Batman averts his eyes. \"I, uh…thanks for helping find Dick. And…sorry for thinking you did it.\" Joker manages a small smile. \"Sure thing.\" Batman chews the inside of his cheek. He searches for the words to say. \"I think you've turned my kid into a troublemaker though.\" He half laughs. He mentally face palms. Joker shrugs. \"I'll be sure to stay away from him from now on. If that's what you want.\" Batman's eyes widen. Panic twists his stomach into knots. He opens and closes his mouth around empty words. Say you're sorry . He grimaces. \"Look, I…I'm sorry.\" Joker jerks to attention. \"What?\" Batman rubs the back of his head. \"You're not a half-baked criminal, or a waste. Not to me.\" He offers an awkward smile. Joker's eyes lights up and a grin stretches clear across his face. \"So, uh, it'd be totally cool if you decided to rob a bank or something tonight.\" Joker laughs. His grin shifts to a smug smirk. \"I knew you missed me, Batsy.\" He pats Batman's face. Batman flushes beneath his mask. \"Whatever,\" he huffs. \"I hate you, you know.\" Joker bounces in place. \"I hate you more.\" His gaze shifts and his eyes light on Richard. His face dims slightly. Batman is not blind to this. He knows exactly what Joker is thinking. \"As long as you don't take the tracker off it's fine.\" Joker snorts. \"What? I don't know what you're talking about.\" Batman shakes his head. \"I know you like him. Don't be stupid about it.\" Joker smiles softly. \"Yeah, alright.\" Batman smiles in return. \"Catch you later.\" He playfully punches at Joker's cheek before turning away to get Richard. Richard's expression overflows with happiness. He practically vibrates with enthusiasm. Batman rolls his eyes at the kid. \"Come on, Dick. Let's go home.\" He lifts the kid off the ground and carries him to the car. \"Yes, Padre.\" Joker contains it until the car pulls away, then his emotions burst forth. He races over to Harley and twirls her in the air. \"You heard him, right?\" he gushes. \"He still hates me.\" He giggles. Harley grins and laughs along with him. \"See, Boo boo? I told you everything would work out.\" It took way longer than she could have ever dreamed, but it worked out all the same. Joker hugs her. \"Yeah. You always are right.\" Thank goodness for that. Any other kind of world would be too miserable to bear. Also known as the chapter wherein Robin is every shipper ever and is a hundred percent done with their relationship drama. lol Also I am totally on board with the idea of all the villains having a bit of a soft spot for Robin, Harley and Joker most of all obviously. I hope you liked. Please review![Chapter 5] A shorter one, but I really wanted to capture a moment like this. This probably happens a couple months after the last chapter. Enjoy! Batman sits alone in front of the television watching Serendipity for the millionth time. It is late enough for Richard to be in bed, but early enough for Barbara and Alfred to be wandering around somewhere. Usually he waits for them to go to sleep before slipping into his suit, but he didn't feel like waiting tonight. He just has this feeling that something will happen tonight – some sort of crime – and earlier than usual. He makes it about halfway through the movie when the alarms blare throughout the house. He snaps his head up and calls, \"Computer! Who is it?\" With his security system tapped into all the cameras in the city it is easy to know. \"The Joker, sir. Alone.\" Batman shoves himself from the cushion and leaps over the back of the couch. \"Mine! Called it!\" he yells it so Alfred and Barbara – Barbara in particular – don't go out instead. \"I got this.\" He rubs his hands together. It's been a while since the Joker has gone it alone. At the very least Harley is usually there. He definitely can't pass this up. He leaps into his vehicle and speeds to the location of the break in. A jewelry store. Of course. He pulls up in front of the store, fully expecting to have to search a few streets before he is able to find Joker. Even when the Joker wants to be found he can't completely curb his instinct to run. Plus if he lingers too close then the cops will find him before Batman even gets there. So when Batman sweeps past the first alley and a patch of green catches his eye he is a little more than taken aback. He stops short and backpedals, alarm bells going off in his head as he hears a sharp cry – a familiar one. His eyes widen as he sees a stranger in the alley with his hand clenched around the Joker's collar. \"Hey!\" A fire lights in Batman's eyes. \"What do you think you're doing?\" The suited man perks and raises a brow at Batman. \"What does it look like?\" He looks at Batman as if he is an idiot. \"Justice.\" Batman scoffs. \"Yeah, well, this is my town and my villain. So you can just go now.\" He works to put on a smile, but it comes off as more of a sneer. \"I can handle it from here.\" The man barks out a laugh. \"Clearly not.\" He shakes Joker in his grip. \"Otherwise filth like this wouldn't even be breaking and entering in the first place. They'd be locked up tight in a prison.\" Batman clenches his fists and grinds his teeth. \"I. Said. Go.\" The man narrows his eyes. \"Not until he tells me where he stashed what he stole.\" He punches Joker in the mouth. Joker yelps. He stares helplessly at Batman. Batman seethes. He launches forward and smashes his fist into the man's face. The man gasps, stumbles, and loses his hold on Joker. Joker drops to the ground with a grunt. He grumbles, rubbing at his face. Batman towers over the man. \"Don't touch my nemesis.\" He glares death at the man. The man sneers in return. \"You're a piece of work.\" He shoves past Batman. \"I hope you're proud of letting people be hurt by these scum. \" With that he leaves the scene. Batman scoffs, turning his attention to the Joker. His expression softens almost instantly. \"Are you okay?\" He holds a hand out. A smile spreads across Joker's face and his heart beats a little faster. \"I am now.\" He lays his hand in Batman's. Batman pulls Joker to his feet. His eyes snap to the criminal's lips. \"You're bleeding…\" He brushes a finger along Joker's lips. Joker shrugs. \"I've had worse.\" Batman wants that to be the worst of it, but it's impossible not to notice the purpling around his neck. \"What the hell?\" Tension and fury flood him all over again. He runs his thumbs along Joker's neck. \"What did that guy do to you?\" Joker flinches and averts his eyes. \"Really, I'm fine,\" he tries his best to brush it off. Batman breathes deeply in and out. \"Look, you can come back to Wayne Manor and I can take care of it for you.\" Joker chuckles. \"Nah, Harley is good at that. You really don't have to worry so much.\" He smirks. \"Besides, shouldn't you be more worried about all the precious jewels I stole?\" Batman rolls his eyes. \"Please, I'm not that stupid.\" Joker blinks. \"Sorry?\" Batman smiles. \"I know you didn't take anything.\" Joker fumbles. He laughs with a nervous edge. \"Of course I did.\" Batman shakes his head. \"You only set the alarms off so I'd come running. Either that or you're getting so sloppy you can't even remember if you stole something or not.\" He grins, but it is a fleeting sentiment in the face of his next thoughts. \"Then that moron showed up.\" \"Relax, Batsy. Not need to get jealous.\" Joker leans in close. Batman pushes Joker's face away and looks hard at him. \"You know you can fight people other than me, right? You don't have to let yourself get pummeled like that.\" Joker chuckles. \"You wish that was why I ended up this way.\" A flicker of discontent passes over his eyes. \"You know I'm no fighter. I can only fight you because you don't try as hard.\" He grimaces. \"If you hit me like you hit that guy…\" He doesn't even want to finish that thought. Batman scoffs. \"Batman doesn't go easy on anyone.\" He crosses his arms and looks pointedly in another direction. Joker grins. \"Of course not.\" He wraps his arms around Batman's neckand leans in close. \"Then hit me, Batsy. Knock me out.\" Batman narrows his eyes and sticks his lips out in a pout. \"You're the worst.\" Joker snickers. \"I know.\" He pecks Batman on the cheek and takes three quick steps back. \"But you hate me anyway.\" Batman blushes beneath his mask. He is too stunned for words. All he can do is grumble incoherent nonsense under his breath. Joker grins from ear to ear. \"Bye bye, Batsy.\" He waves over his shoulder as he zips past Batman and back toward his base. Batman slowly rises above the surface of his scattered mind. He lifts a hand to his cheek and feels the warmth there. More importantly, when he pulls his fingers back he sees the bright red staining them. His lipstick. He should probably find a way to get rid of that before heading back home. He does not need all the questions that will bring. Yet he doesn't even double check. He rubs at the space, hoping for the best, while also knowing deep down that he kind of wants it to still be there, just for a little longer. I needed a short, cuter one after spending almost a whole chapter with them upset with each other last time. lol I hope you liked it. Please review![Chapter 6] I finally figured out what I wanted to do next. Once I got to it this was fun as always. Enjoy! It is only a few days later when a bank is hit. Batman can only assume it is to prove Joker is still very much a villain and willing to steal actual items. It is a group effort and everyone goes out for it, even Robin. Luckily it is a weekend and Batman is able to let the kid come along without feeling guilty about being a bad parent. They split up in order to catch all the thieves, Batman blazing a trail for Joker. He follows the laughter, coming up time and time again upon a recording. He should feel annoyed, but he is surprised that there is nothing but excitement pumping through his veins. Before he knows it he passes the city limits – far. He finds himself at the bottom of a cliff when he finally catches a glimpse of the familiar green popping out against the deep blue sky. It is at the top of the cliff, but compared to the trek out here the distance is nothing. Batman walks up the stretch of the rise until he finally comes out at the peak and can fully see Joker. Joker sits on a limb of the solitary tree on the cliff. \"Batsy.\" He swings his feet as he grins down at Batman. \"Did you come just for me?\" He laughs. Batman walks closer to the tree. \"What are you doing up there?\" He raises a brow and crosses his arms. He's just being the crazy person he is, obviously. Still he asked anyway. Joker shrugs. \"Waiting.\" He spins around, curls his legs around the limb, and falls backward, hanging from the tree. \"What do you think?\" His grin spreads further across his face. \"Like my accessories?\" A pearl necklace dangles from his neck. He holds his hands up and flashes the diamond rings decorating each finger. Batman snorts in acknowledgement. \"Yeah, yeah, you've still got it. Now let's go. I have to turn you in for this.\" A frown twitches at Joker's lips. \"Now don't say that. You'll spoil the fun.\" He drops to the ground. His limbs tangle on the way down and he lands face first. \"Ow,\" he grumbles. Batman snickers. \"Maybe those jewels are weighing you down.\" He approaches the Joker. Joker leaps to his feet and flashes Batman a grin. \"Come on, you like them on me.\" He walks to meet Batman. \"Admit it.\" \"You look like an idiot,\" Batman deadpans. \"Yeah I do.\" Joker leans forward, staring deep into Batman's eyes. At the last second his gaze flickers to the side and his mind isn't far behind, drifting away from Batman. The smile slips away from his lips and he stands straight. Batman blinks. \"Joker?\" Joker slides his feet and shifts to face the cliff. \"You want to know why I really came here?\" his voice is strangely solemn. Batman stiffens. The air is thick with tension and the alarm bells ring loud and clear in his head. Does he really want to know the answer? \"Why?\" He asks despite himself. Joker wanders toward the edge of the cliff, dangerously close. Batman starts and jolts after him. \"Hey!\" He reaches out, his hands at the ready if Joker does anything stupid like he is so apt to do. Still, he can't just grab Joker. That would be weird. Unnecessary. Just…no. Joker stares out at the brilliant light of the city in the distance. \"It's beautiful, don't you think?\" his voice is far away, just like his mind. \"Sure.\" Batman has never really been out here, and when he has it certainly wasn't for fun. There is rarely a reason to leave the city and he was never much of a country boy, not even a 'just past the city' kind of guy. He relaxes enough to take his eyes off of Joker and looks up. Now that he looks at the city like this he does see it – the magnificence of the lights shining like thousands of stars right at their fingertips. Joker chuckles. \"I bet you've never even been out here before, eh Batsy?\" there is a light to his tone, but the sentiment doesn't quite reach his face. \"Born and raised in the city.\" Batman returns his gaze to Joker. His skin continues to crawl as he watches the criminal linger so close to the edge. \"Me too.\" Joker's eyes glaze over. \"Only not.\" Batman frowns and shifts with unease. \"I never belonged. Not even at home. So…I came here. To feel better.\" Batman's urge to get him far away from the edge grows more intense by the second. \"Joker…\" He doesn't know what else to say. This isn't what their fights are supposed to be like. He chases, catches, and turns Joker in. Or, you know, accidentally lets him go. They don't talk this way. At least they never have before. \"It's peaceful,\" Joker rambles on. \"Helped clear my mind. But also…made me crazier.\" A grin twists his lips. \"Made me realize how screwed up my life was.\" Batman swallows hard. \"What happened to you?\" He hates to admit it, but he never considered what actually turned Joker into the Joker. He forgets that behind every villain was once an innocent child. Joker shrugs. \"Nothing.\" His expression is suddenly light, as if all the pain from moments before never existed. So w rong. He plops down, sitting crisscross. Batman follows suit, side eyeing him. This shift is almost more unsettling than the way he was before. As he contemplates Joker his eyes catch on something. It slowly drifts down, caught by the shifting wind, until it lands on his nose. He blinks. Cold. Oh. \"It's snowing.\" He peers up and sees that more flakes are following suit and for the first time he realizes how cold it must be. With his outfit he never does notice the temperature, not without some visual cue like snow or rain. Joker follows Batman's gaze. \"Huh. So it is.\" He holds a hand out to catch a flake. Now that he is not so worried about Joker jumping, Batman notices one other thing. Joker's body is shivering with surprising intensity. He starts. \"Why did you come out here tonight when you knew it was going to be this cold?\" He frowns and shoots Joker a scolding look. Joker shakes his head. \"Didn't know. Don't watch the weather channel.\" \"You should have known the second you stepped outside.\" Batman crosses his arms. Joker hums thoughtfully. He holds his hands out and watches as they shake before his very eyes. How strange. Now that Batman has mentioned it, yes, he feels a bit of a chill, but nothing like what his body appears to be experiencing. \"Just another defect,\" he mumbles. Batman double takes. \"What?\" Joker shakes his head and manages a smile. \"Nothing.\" He sets his hands on his knees. Batman narrows his eyes. It bothers him that Joker has made no move to solve the cold problem he is clearly having. \"You seriously can't feel it?\" It's either this or he wants to suffer and Batman refuses to even contemplate Joker shrugs. \"I guess not.\" It certainly made nights on the street more bearable. More dangerous for his health, but certainly easier to endure. Batman sighs. He grabs Joker by the arm and tugs him closer, close enough for him to wrap his arms and cape around the idiot. \"Only until the cops get here.\" Joker's lips curl upward and he bites his lip. Content floods through him and his face flushes. He leans into Batman. \"You're not very good at being the hero.\" Batman rolls his eyes. \"I caught you didn't I?\" \"The hero is supposed to beat and cuff the villain, not cuddle them into submission.\" Batman snorts. \"This is not cuddling. I'm making sure you don't freeze to death before you can go to prison. Nothing more.\" \"Okay.\" Joker may not be able to feel the cold, but he feels the warmth slowly seeping into his body. It tickles him to think that Batman is naturally warm while he is so cold. He has no proof, this is really the only time they've been this close long enough to even contemplate body heat, but it would be quite poetic. He rather likes the idea. \"Why else did you come out here?\" Batman asks absently as he stares out at the dark sky above the city. Joker blinks. \"What?\" \"There was another reason. Right?\" He can't dismiss the image of Joker standing so close to the edge tonight. He'd rather forget, but he wants to know the truth. Joker tenses and his expression hardens. \"I told you, it was nothing.\" \"I'm not stupid.\" Joker sits up, as far away from Batman as he can manage without leaving his hold. \"Then you'll drop this, Batman. \" Batman starts at the force and venom behind his name. \"Joker…\" He opens his mouth around empty words. \"We aren't friends, Batman. You're the hero and I'm the villain. Only Harley knows about those parts of me. She's the only one who deserves to. If not for her…\" He stops himself before he gives too much away. Batman sees the police cars pull up at the bottom of the cliff. \"Come on.\" He withdraws his arms and cape from Joker. He holds a hand out to help Joker to his feet. \"Time to go.\" Joker accepts the offer and leans in close as he is pulled up. \"I'll get out, you know.\" He grins, shoving the conversation from a moment ago to the farthest recesses of his mind. He doesn't want that to be his last thought and interaction with Batman before he goes away for a while. Batman smirks. \"You wish.\" \"So do you.\" With that Batman leads Joker to the police car and watches as they drive away. Deep down he knows exactly what this place was to Joker, what he did . Well, almost did. Still, he wishes he could hear it himself. But he knows Joker is right. They aren't friends. A hero and a villain. Forever at odds. There is no place for these emotions in their games. He knows it as well as he knows the Joker. Even so, he can't help wanting Joker to admit it to him. Just like he can't help wanting Joker to escape. Again, and again, and again. Into eternity. I got a bit of my headcanon of Joker's past in this one. I'll probably better explore it later if I can find a good enough setup. I also used someone else's headcanon about Joker not being sensitive to the cold. I love the idea of that and it lends itself to cute scenarios. Also, I wouldn't mind requests for this story. However I do reserve the right not to do the request if it doesn't interest me or if it just won't fit right in this story. Still, I'll gladly hear anything anyone might suggest, so feel free. Please review![Chapter 7] Yeah, so, Judas is pretty much my Batjokes theme song now. It fits so well, especially when it's combined with hillywood's version that is actually about Joker. Not that it has any bearing on this chapter, but I felt the need to say so anyway. XD Enjoy! Batman goes on about his business for about a week before it starts to get to him. Joker usually doesn't break out this quick anyway, but he can't help getting antsy over it. His mind whirs with all the worst case scenarios. What if Joker is having planner block, what if he likes being there over being free, or worst of all, what if he never intends on breaking out at all? These thoughts eat away at him with increasing frequency as the days go by. Luckily he doesn't have to make himself look like a fool by going to check on the clown. Only a day later Richard comes up to him with a deep frown set on his face. \"Padre, where has Mr. Joker been?\" Batman chuckles. \"I told you, Dick. He's in prison. That's where criminals belong.\" His heart protests his words. It is the right thing to say for sure, yet he wants more than anything for Joker to be out and about once more, even if he will only have to put the clown's sorry butt back in jail all over again. It's the proper order after all. \"Well,\" Richard stretches out the word and clasps his hands at his waist. \"Can we go see him? Please?\" He stares pleadingly. \"It's late you know.\" He looks hard at Richard. \"Probably about time for you to get to bed don't you think?\" He raises a brow. Richard puffs out his lips. \"Nu-uh. It's a Friday. I get to stay up later.\" He gives a firm nod. Batman snorts. \"Yeah, yeah.\" He put on his show, so now it is time to give in. \"Get what you need and let's go.\" Richard wriggles in place as he cheers. He leaps forward and throws his arms around Batman. \"Thank you, padre.\" He releases his dad within a second and pivots, sprinting up the stairs to his room. Batman smiles after him. That kid is way too happy to go and see a criminal. Then again, he supposes Joker is not so easily defined, not to the two of them. Richard is back within the space of a minute. \"Alright!\" He bounces where he stands. \"Let's go, let's go.\" He nabs Batman's hand and tugs for all he's worth. Batman follows Robin's lead. \"I'm coming.\" He chuckles. They reach the prison in good time and Richard runs on by all the guards before they can even think to stop him for a scan. One look from Batman and they let it go as well as allow Batman to pass on through. It's become something of an unspoken rule to just let him go unchecked. They all know why he is here and that he never, ever does anything but bicker like a child. Richard races down the stairs and across the walkway to the far side. \"Mr. Joker!\" He slams his hands on the glass, blatantly ignoring the warning on the sign. He grins from ear to ear. Joker starts and looks up, a smile softening his face. \"Good to see you again.\" Richard beams. \"It's no fun with you in there.\" He puffs out a lip. Joker laughs. \"Yeah, well, comes with the territory.\" He pushes himself to his feet and walks over to the glass. \"Hurry up and break out.\" Richard bounces on the balls of his feet. Batman comes up behind his son. \"Don't encourage the maniac.\" He smirks. Richard giggles. \"Dad misses you too,\" he pipes. Batman sputters. \"I do not .\" He crosses his arms in a huff. Richard's smile only grows. \"He sulks all the time cause he wants you to break out just like me.\" Does he now?\" Joker flashes a full toothed smile. \"Maybe I can move my escape date up if he admits it.\" He locks eyes with Batman. Batman scoffs. \"Not on your life. I do have other reasons to visit this place you know.\" Joker shrugs. \"If you say so. I guess I'll just make myself comfortable then.\" He turns away. Batman grumbles beneath his breath. \"Mr. Joker!\" Richard shifts from one foot to the other. Joker pauses and peers over his shoulder. \"Yeah, kid?\" \"I have something for you.\" Richard presses a piece of paper against the glass. Joker's smile softens. \"I'm afraid us inmates aren't allowed to have-\" Richard pivots and grabs a handful of Batman's cape. \"Hey, hey, I wanna give him the thing.\" His eyes widen. \"Can't I? Please?\" Batman chews on the inside of his cheek. His gaze flits from his son to the level high above them, where he can see Barbara watching from afar. Because of course she is. \"Hey!\" He yells to her. Barbara peers down at him and raises a brow. \"Let him in will ya?\" Batman levels her with a stern look. Barbara looks just as hard back at him. \"Are you crazy? No way. Who knows what that maniac could do.\" Batman snorts and rolls his eyes. \"Trust me, Joker won't do a thing. Really.\" I trust him. The words linger on his parted lips, but he can't find it in him to say it out loud. That…would be too much, too vulnerable…open. Barbara folds her hands together and presses her knuckles to her mouth. Her eyes swim with heavy doubt. And yet… \"Unlock the gate!\" She shouts over her shoulder. The door slides open just enough for Richard to slip through and then it shuts behind him. \"Mr. Joker.\" He holds the piece of paper up. \"For you.\" His eyes are like shining stars. Joker shifts, slowly, and takes the paper in his hands. He stares long and hard at the drawing scrawled and colored in with the hurried hand unique to a child. It is a picture of Richard between Joker and Batman with painstakingly perfect hearts all over the page. Richard clasps his hands behind him and sways on his feet. His smile is shy. \"So you don't feel lonely in here.\" Joker sighs. \"Why do you have to be so cute?\" His smile is tired as he bends down to Richard's level. Richard bounces forward and throws his arms around Joker's neck. \"Come see me soon,\" he whispers. Joker hugs him in return. \"Just a little longer, kid.\" Richard pulls away and puffs out his lip. \"Why?\" Joker's lips twist into a smile and he clenches his fist. \"Gotta have the right amount of flair to suit the Joker.\" He unclenches his fist in a mock explosion as he sweeps his hand in a semicircle. Richard's face lights up and he laughs. Batman doesn't feel the need to watch, but he makes sure to listen intently. \"Nope. No flair. There will be no escaping.\" Richard shakes his head. \"He says it, but he doesn't mean it.\" He grabs Joker's sleeves. \"So be sure to get out as soon as possible with your 'Joker flair'.\" He giggles. Joker chuckles. \"We'll see.\" He ruffles the kid's hair. \"Either way, I'm definitely keeping this.\" He waves the paper gently to indicate it. Richard beams. \"Thanks, Mr. Joker.\" He spins to face the glass. \"Okay! I'm done. Padre?\" He tilts his head. \"You sure you don't want to see him too?\" Batman's face flushes beneath the mask. \"What? No. I can see him just fine from here. Little miscreant. I don't need to breathe the same air or anything.\" Joker grins from ear to ear. \"Come on, Batsy, you know you miss me.\" Batman looks the opposite direction. \"You wish.\" It takes him back to the night on the cliff and he shakes his head fervently. \"Babs! Unlock it! Let's go!\" The door unlocks and Richard skips out as easily as he entered. \"Bye, Mr. Joker.\" He waves over his shoulder. See you soon.\" Batman snorts. \"No, not soon,\" he insists despite the futility. \"See ya kid.\" Joker grins like a maniac. \"And you too Bats.\" He waves his fingers. … Another week goes by and this time Batman doesn't bother with using Richard as an excuse. He goes to the jail on his own, tromps down to the lowest level, and plants himself in front of the room containing Joker. He waits to be noticed. Joker sits crisscross at the back of his cell. He peeks from one eye as the sound of footsteps stops directly in front of him. \"Batsy!\" He perks and a smile lights his face. \"Back for more?\" Batman narrows his eyes and crosses his arms. \"What the heck are you doing?\" Joker blinks. \"Doing?\" He shrugs. \"Yoga. At least I was , before a certain someone showed up.\" \"That's not what I mean and you know it.\" Batman jabs a finger at the glass. \"Why are you still here? You know Dick wants to see you again.\" Joker barks out a laugh. \"Yeah, the kid misses me. Sure.\" He smirks. \"I'm sure it has nothing to do with you.\" He leans forward on his stomach and props himself on his elbows. Batman snorts. \"You're darn right it doesn't.\" Joker snickers. \"Right. Look, I'm still waiting for the right moment. Can't rush these things you know.\" He grins. Batman fumes. \"Well I suggest you hurry up your silly scheming. Don't make me drag you kicking and screaming out of there.\" Joker flinches and a flash of fear surfaces in his eyes. He blinks and it vanishes. He snorts. \"I'd like to see you try.\" Batman raises a brow as he notices the momentary shift in Joker, but he does not comment on it. \"Just hurry it up,\" he huffs. \"We'll see.\" Joker curls into a ball on the floor, facing away from Batman. Batman blows out a breath and turns on his heel. Whatever. He doesn't care what Joker does. He can stay in here forever for all he cares. This is where he belongs anyway. … Batman forces himself to hold off for a whole month this time. He refuses to sink so low as show up every week or to be the one that needs Joker more than the criminal needs him. Of course he doesn't have it in him to wait any longer. Pathetic. The thought floats through his head, but he barely cares. He blazes a trail to the prison and the cell that he knows all too well. \" Hey. \" He disregards the fact that Joker is curled up on his bunk. He doesn't have time to wait around. \"JOKER.\" Joker grumbles and rolls over. It takes a minute, but his groggy mind clears and he realizes who it is barging in on him in the middle of the night. \"Oh, Bats.\" He sits up. \"What're you doing here? It's the middle of the night you know.\" He slumps his head onto his knuckle. \"Some of us are trying to sleep.\" Batman frowns. Joker is nowhere near excited enough to see him. There is no grin or even the slightest twinkle of amusement in his eyes. It very nearly makes him forget the point of his visit entirely. It takes a long moment for him to recover and shake off the daze. \"I need you to break out.\" There. He said it. It must be what the clown wanted all along. That's the only reason he can fathom for his continued refusal to escape anyway. Joker snorts and a flicker of a smile surfaces. \"I told you already. I'm working on it. You can't just break out of prison all willy nilly. That'd be disastrous and-\" \"Stop. Just stop.\" Batman glares. \"I am done with this game. Or whatever you're trying to pull, I don't care. It's been nearly two months. Two. Months. I can't take it anymore. Dick was right. I need to fight you.\" Joker grins. \"That's not what the kid said. He said you missed me. So say it.\" Batman squirms in place. As if. \" Just break out already .\" Joker jumps slightly. He averts his eyes, trying to hide the shame. His next words are much too soft to suit him, \"I'll break out when I'm good and ready. Not yet.\" He rolls over. Batman blinks. What the heck? It's like the life was sapped dry from Joker in a breath. And for no apparent reason. His mind whirs. Was it really because he yelled? He yells all the time. Why would that suddenly bother Joker? \"What's wrong with you?\" After coming up with nothing, he has to ask. \"Nothing's wrong with me,\" Joker grumbles. \"I'm just tired.\" He places his pillow over his head. \"So just go.\" Batman stares long and hard at Joker, but nothing comes of it. Joker doesn't say anymore and he doesn't even move an inch. Batman sighs. \"Fine.\" He walks away. He doesn't need the Joker and he'll prove it. … Unfortunately that idea doesn't quite go to plan. It's only a matter of time before Richard grows restless over Joker's continued incarceration and Batman more than gladly uses the kid as an excuse to go and see Joker once more. It doesn't even matter that tonight is a school night, Batman takes Richard anyway. This time they don't even have to ask either, the door to Joker's cell opens right as Richard gets there. He slips through and skips to where Joker sits on the back. \"Hey, Mr. Joker.\" He grins. Joker lifts his gaze up and puts on a smile. \"Hey, kid.\" Richard frowns. He plops down in front of Joker. \"What's wrong?\" Joker shakes his head. \"I just haven't been sleeping well is all.\" He rubs at his eyes. Richard watches him with deepening sadness. \"Sorry I didn't bring anything to make you feel better.\" Joker chuckles. \"It's fine.\" \"Hey,\" Richard chirps. \"Come say hi to dad.\" He grabs Joker's hand and pulls. Joker gasps and jerks his hand away before he thinks to stop himself. Then he freezes. Richard snaps his hand to his chest. He stares with wide eyes, too shocked to find words. Joker can't bear the kid's gaze and he averts his eyes. He draws his hand closer and rubs it tenderly. \"I think you should go…\" Richard's brows knit together and a deep frown mars his face. \"Mr. Joker…\" Batman can't ignore this. He directs them to open the door and he hurries in. \"Okay. Who did it?\" He crosses his arms as he stands over the pair. Joker scowls up at Batman. \"No one did anything.\" He shoves his hands between his legs and cringes despite himself. Batman scoffs. \"Please. I've been in enough fights to know an injury when I see one.\" He kneels by Joker's side. \"Let me see.\" He reaches for it. Joker smacks his hand away and his lips curl back in a snarl. \"Don't touch me.\" Batman starts. Alarms go off in his head. Richard ducks his head. \"Please don't fight,\" he mumbles. Joker sighs and looks away. \"It was just a scuffle, alright? I'll be fine.\" Batman narrows his eyes and regards Joker with heavy suspicion. This is all kinds of wrong. He has no idea what to do about it though. He was never good with being sensitive. He just wants to look dang it. Joker reaches up and runs a hand over Richard's head. \"I just want to be alone. To plan.\" He tacks on the las sentence as an afterthought. Richard resists the urge to hug Joker. He doesn't want to cause him any more distress. \"Okay…\" He stands. \"You will be back soon though…right?\" He holds his breath, but as hard as he tries he can't get himself to feel very hopeful. Joker smiles for Richard. \"Yeah, of course. I'm the crown prince of crime. Can't be stuck in here forever.\" His smile quivers despite his efforts. Richard smiles, but the sentiment doesn't reach his eyes. \"Okay.\" He looks to Batman. \"Let's go, padre.\" Batman rises slowly. He wraps an arm around Richard and guides them to the door. He never once takes his eyes off Joker, not until they round the corner and he loses sight of the clown completely. Joker groans and runs his hands over his face and through his hair. He crawls to his bunk and disappears into the covers. Only then does he allow his emotions to well up and the tears to roll down his face. It is the first of many nights he cries himself to sleep. Yes, this is clearly going somewhere. Still, I think it can stand alone as a good one-shot as well. This was also partially inspired by some of gayforbatjokes's comics on tumblr. It went its own way, but I definitely was thinking about their comics when I came up with this. lol I hope you liked it and look forward to what's next. Please review![Chapter 8] My song of inspiration this time around was May We All. Don't ask. The best I can guess is the music video made me emotional and those emotions carried over to the song itself. Enjoy! Batman sits and stares at the tv even though there is nothing there to watch. Only a blank screen stands before him. It is rare that he merely sits without any sort of background sound. In fact, he could probably count on one hand the times he sat alone with his thoughts in front of this tv. Usually it had to do with his parents, but tonight they could not be farther from his mind. He thinks only of Joker. He can't forget the venom in Joker's voice or how he shied away from being touched during that last visit. He plays the scene back through his head over and over again, trying to see what he is missing here. He. Just. Can't. Find. It. He throws his head back and groans. He really needs for something criminal to happen right now – a hostage situation, a bomb set to destroy the city, heck, he'd even settle for a good old fashioned robbery. Anything. The alarms go off and he jumps in place. The surprise vanishes in a blink and adrenaline rushes through his veins. He grins from ear to ear. \"Yes.\" He pumps his fist in the air. \"Computer! What's the situation?\" He races for the exit before a word is said, but he listens intently all the while. \"It's Arkham Asylum. A prisoner has escaped.\" Batman's heart skips a beat and he dares to hope. Could it be? Is this it? He trips over himself in his excitement but gets right back up and keeps running. He grabs the scanner as he goes. \"Tracking,\" he commands. He doesn't expect anything to come of it, any escapees rip the tracker implanted by the prison off the first chance they get. Still, if it is Joker then perhaps… The blips appear on the screen, one set far apart from the rest. \"Joker…\" The J beside the dot is all the proof he needs. He puffs out a laugh and a certain relief settles on him. And he's…Batman frowns. At the docks? That's weird. A fear crawls up his spine and curls around him. The relief vanishes beneath the intensity. No. He shakes his head fervently. It's fine. He just has to go there and Joker will be waiting for him – just like always. Still, he does not tarry. If anything he picks up his speed. He never once takes his eyes off the tracker, the soft beeping a steadying force for him. Then it vanishes. Batman gasps and skids to a stop. \"What the…\" His eyes widen and his mouth gapes as he stares at the empty space. He smacks it. Come on, come on. He grinds his teeth and growls deep in his throat. Stupid machine malfunctioning. He doesn't have time for this, he- His mouth goes dry. \"No.\" He kicks into overdrive and sprints. The dock comes into view in less than a minute and he looks wildly about. His heart pounds in his ears and every nerve stands on end, each passing second only driving the anxiety higher. \"Where are you, where are you?\" He makes a beeline for the far left dock. That is closest to Joker's last coordinates. He rips his cape off, draws in a deep breath, and dives. It is all black, so dark that he can't see his hands in front of his face. All he can do is swim. He delves deeper and deeper until after an eternity his hand hits something. He sucks in a breath of surprise and chokes on water, but he doesn't have time to surface for air. He swipes for whatever he hit and his hand latches onto a bulk of clothes. Joker. He lugs the body up under his arm and surges toward the surface. He breaches the surface and gasps for air. No. Still no time. He heaves Joker over the side of the dock and pulls himself up afterwards. \"Joker,\" he coughs out. \"Joker, come on.\" He smaks at Joker's cheek. But there is no response. The fear spikes. His eyes dart all over Joker's body, looking for any sign of life. His heart sticks in his throat when he sees none. Joker is completely still and his face startlingly pale even compared to his usual mask. Batman's mind scatters and panic seizes him in a vice grip. He frantically feels around Joker's neck for a pulse. Nothing. No, no, no, no, no. He shakes his head. He has to focus. He can fix this. He can . He begins chest compressions, again and again, again and again, until he counts to thirty. He tilts Joker's head back, pinches his nose shut, and presses his mouth to the clown's, and breathes his air into him. He rises and fumbles for a pulse. It is like a knife in his gut when there is still nothing. Tears prick at his eyes and he sneers at himself for such weakness. There is no need for it. Joker won't die. He absolutely refuses. He repeats the process two, three, four times. There is a sharp intake of breath and Joker goes into a coughing fit, his stomach clenching. Batman snaps into action. He helps Joker sit up and leans him over. Joker chokes up massive amounts of water that crosses into vomit. His body trembles from the exhaustion the effort causes. Batman lets out a shuddery breath, a ghost of a smile passing his lips. \"Joker…\" He lays a hand on his shoulder. \"God…you scared me to death.\" Joker's head swims and he only vaguely register's a voice. Batman's voice. He tilts his head to peer toward the voice. \"Batsy…\" He coughs again. \"You found me…\" He manages a feeble smile. Batman frowns. \"Of course I did. Why wouldn't I find you?\" Joker's eyes slips shut and his body goes limp. Batman starts and catches him before he hits the ground. \"Hey,\" Batman's voice is an octave too high. \"Hey, Joker.\" His heart speeds up. His eyes catch on the steady rise and fall of Joker's chest and he lets out a breath. Okay, still breathing. That's good. Yeah. He shifts Joker so that he is cradling the criminal. He touches a hand to Joker's cheek. He shivers. Ice cold. He looks up, through all the buildings and to where Arkham Asylum stands. He knows that should be where he takes Joker. All escapees are to be returned immediately upon capture. And yet…he drops his gaze to Joker's face. He's still so pale. So utterly helpless. Batman's stomach twists at the idea of abandoning him there, where he can't be sure of the care he'll get. He could take Joker back to Wayne Manor, but some selfish part of him doesn't want that either. Doesn't want to give his family more proof that he has a soft spot for the criminal, more than a soft spot. He brushes his fingers over Joker's hair. Either way, he can't leave Joker here. He would die, from hypothermia if not from lingering water in his lungs. \"Look what you do to me.\" He bites his lip as his thoughts continue to whir. \"Well…\" He stands. There is one other way. He grabs his cape and wraps it around Joker before he heads for the clown's base and more specifically Harley Quinn. This has the potential to go very bad, very fast, but as long as he talks fast it'll be alright. He makes it there in record time, yet upon reaching the threshold his steps are tentative. He can already feel the backlash. He swallows hard. No, it'll be fine. It's just Harley. He kicks her butt at least once a week. This is nothing. He walks in and there she is sitting on their couch. Harley pops her head up at the sound of footsteps, a smile filling up her face as she expects to see Joker walking in. She saw the news. However, as she registers the sight in front of her the cheer is shattered. Horror flashes through her eyes before fury twists her expression, her lips curving into a snarl. \"What did you do? \" She leaps over the couch and draws her hammer. Batman takes a quick step back. With no hands free he is demonstrably more uneasy. \"Woah, woah, take it easy, Harley. I saved him, alright? This wasn't me. I would never-\" He stops himself from finishing that sentence. Harley regards him with heavy suspicion. Still, she lowers her weapon. \"Then who did? Who hurt Mr. J?\" Her fingers twitch with desire to strangle something. Batman shakes his head. \"I don't know. I was just answering the report of an escapee. I followed his tracker to the docks and found him...\" He grimaces. \"…drowning. Whoever did it was already gone.\" Harley abandons her weapon completely and hurries across the room to look Joker over. He is understandably drenched. She touches his face and shudders. She snaps her eyes to Batman. \"Give him to me. He needs to get dry.\" She holds her arms out. Batman draws Joker closer. \"You sure you'll be enough?\" Harley scoffs. \"You chose to bring him here didn't you? Clearly you thought I'd be able to take care of him.\" Her eyes flash dangerously. \"So let me. Take care of him.\" Batman yields to her, carefully handing Joker to her. Still, his hands linger over Joker even as he relinquishes control. Harley's intensity fades and she offers his a smile. \"Don't worry, Bats. I was here long before you and I won't let him die now.\" Batman nods vaguely and drops his arms. Sometimes he forgets that Harley isn't just an ally made through villainy. She has a past with him. She even knows the him before he became the Joker. Harley nods toward the door. \"You should go.\" Batman nods again. \"Yeah…right.\" He wanders out of the building and toward home. At least he intends to. Ultimately he ends up roaming the city for hours before winding up at the docks, staring vacantly out to sea. Who did this? Who would even know where Joker was? Someone at the prison? But why? He just doesn't know. It isn't until Batman is gone that Harley realizes his cape is still wrapped around Joker. She snorts in amusement. Oh well. She changes Joker into dry clothes and wraps him up in blankets on the couch. She lays his head on her lap and watches him intently. The steady in and out of each breath is her sanity. It is hours later that Joker finally stirs. His eyes flutter open and the view of the crappy television is a familiar and reassuring sight. For a moment he even thinks he just nodded off watching some show with Harley. Then a coughing fit hits along with a searing headache. \"Mr. J!\" Harley's eyes widen in concern. \"Are you okay?\" She rubs his back. Joker picks himself off of her, shrugs the blankets off, and presses his fingers to his temple. \"It hurts. A lot.\" He coughs again. Harley grimaces. \"I know. You got clobbered pretty good.\" She runs a hand along the side of his head. Joker blinks. \"Clobbered…\" His voice is far off. That's right. A kick to the stomach. A blow to the head. And another. Then nothing. He goes rigid. \"That guy…\" His tone is hoarse. \"What guy?\" Harley peers into his eyes. Joker grimaces and wraps his arms around himself. \"From the prison. You…you wouldn't know him.\" He shivers. Harley's brows knit together and a frown mars her face. \"Boo boo…\" \"Harley…\" He bites his lip and bows his head. \"I'm scared.\" Harley doesn't know what to say to that. There is a strangling fear in Joker's eyes, a sentiment she hasn't seen in him since they were young. He may be emotional, but he does not scare easily. All she can do is wrap an arm around him and pull him close. Joker leans his head into the crook of her neck. He breathes in her familiar scent and it steadies him, even if only for this small moment in time. Somewhere between sleep and consciousness he murmurs, \"I think I'm gonna take a break from crime.\" Harley starts, but smothers her shock as quick as it came. She nods. \"Okay, Boo boo.\" She hugs him tighter. \"Okay.\" Part 2 of me hoping I'm building suspense when really I'm probably just getting on everyone's nerves. lol Anyway, I really do hope you enjoyed it. Drowning scenes are one of my favs to do. I know, I'm a masochist. Please review![Chapter 9] Wow this took forever and a day to get done and boy did it go way longer than I anticipated. It just kept getting longer and longer. lol But here it is. My song of inspiration was What You Know by Two Door Cinema Club. Enjoy! Joker and Harley sit in front of the television with Mean Girls playing. Harley makes comments every so often and Joker is sure to respond each and every time, but he just can't get himself to focus his full attention on the screen. He taps his foot, his fingers, crosses and uncrosses his lower legs, braces his head with hands, leans on the arm of the couch. By the thirty minute mark he has changed positions at least fifty times. Every nerve in his body screams for him to keep moving. Something in his veins, his very bones just won't let him be idle. Harley frowns. She clicks the pause button and tilts her head in his direction. Joker blinks. \"Hey, what the heck? I was watching that.\" Harley deadpans. \"What was the last line they said?\" Joker laughs. \"I'm sure it was something…in the lunchroom, or something.\" He shrugs. \"Seriously.\" Harley blinks. \"Come on, how the heck am I just supposed to know that? I'm not a memory wizard.\" \"Because we were literally just watching the movie, J. Two seconds ago.\" Joker scowls. \"Yeah, fine, so I wasn't paying attention. What are you gonna do about it? Sue me?\" his words come out with more of an edge than he intended. Harley's expression softens. \"I'm just worried about you. You did almost drown yesterday. And you just…\" She shakes her head. \"I don't know. Seem all over the place.\" She reaches out and lays a hand on his knee, stilling the constant bouncing. Joker forces every limb to freeze. He clears his throat and brushes her hand off. \"I'm fine. Really. Just…\" His eyes dart from one corner of the room to the next. \"Boo boo,\" her voice is soft. \"You can trust me.\" She looks his dead in the eye, trying her best to capture his gaze. Joker takes in a deep breath and locks eyes with her. \"I have this terrible feeling.\" He rubs his arms. He still feels the chill from last night skirt his skin. Harley's heart sinks. She reaches up and strokes his cheek. \"Do you really think this guy is that bad?\" \"He tried to kill me, Harley.\" He leans into her touch. \"He's not like Batman.\" Harley giggles. \"No one's like Batman, Sugarplum.\" She gives him a knowing smirk. Joker grins bashfully. \"You know what I mean.\" He pushes her face away. The cheer slips just as quickly as it came. \"Seriously.\" He averts his eyes. \"Something bad's gonna happen.\" Harley sombers. \"You're safe here. I'll make sure of it. Just like I always have.\" From the darkness there is a whoosh of air, a blurred object soaring through the air, and then the thunk of impact as it tears into flesh. Joker screams and pitches forward, snapping his hand to the piercing pain pulsing from his arm – from the arrow lodged there. \"Joker!\" Harley's eyes dart around to locate the source of the attack. Joker breathes deeply in and out in a vain attempt to steady himself. There! Harley throws her arms over Joker and shoves him to the floor, another arrow zipping just past their heads. She pulls him along the floor and crouches at the side of the couch. \"Joker, are you okay?\" Joker touches at the area around the arrow and hisses. \"I've been better.\" He tries to keep it light in another attempt to stay calm. There is a thump as the person jumps from their hiding spot and onto the floor. \"You like that?\" A smile curls their lips. \"It's poison tipped.\" Joker goes rigid and his throat tightens. That voice. It's the guy from the prison, the one who tried to drown him, the one Batman slugged that night so long ago. How did he even find this place? And so quickly! He realizes on some level that he should be more terrified of the poison, but he's not. Not even a little. Harley reads Joker's expression and her face twists into a snarl. \" You. You're the one who tried to kill him.\" She leaps to her feet and swings her hammer around. The man smirks knowingly. \"You must be Harley.\" He readies his bow. \"Might as well rid the streets of Joker's right hand girl while I'm at it.\" He shoots. Harley bats the arrow away with her hammer. \"Pah-lease. You couldn't off me with my hands tied behind my back.\" The man snorts. \"We'll see.\" He lets off a barrage of arrows. Harley ducks down. \"Joker.\" She shakes his shoulder. \"You need to go. Now. \" Joker jerks to attention. His eyes widen and mouth gapes. \"What? No way. I'm not gonna just leave you.\" Harley snickers and grins. \"Oh please. I can handle myself against this idiot. Besides,\" her eyes shine with concern. \"You're hurt. Poisoned. You need to get help.\" Joker shakes his head. \"I'm fi-\" Woah. He blinks twice. \"Mr. J?\" Harley holds her breath. \"Dizzy spell.\" He cradles his head. Harley sucks in a breath. \"See? That's a symptom.\" She leaps up as she sees a shadow fall over them and she swings her hammer. The man leaps back, narrowly avoiding the blow and nearly falling over himself in the process. He glares. \"Yeah, don't even think of getting close to me, punk. I'll knock you into last Sunday.\" She drops down again. \"Hurry up. I'll distract this idiot.\" Joker presses his fingers to his forehead. \"Where would I even go?\" The fear is so overwhelming he can think of no safer place than by Harley's side. In fact, he can scarcely think period. His mind is filled with only that man's face. Harley frowns, but gives leniency under the circumstances. \"Batman. He can help.\" Joker blinks. Oh. Right. He moves to stand, wobbling on the way up. Haley yelps. She shoves him to the ground, an arrow just missing his head. \" Idiot. \" She breathes deeply out. \"Stay low, alright. Get to the door. I'll cover you.\" Joker frowns. \"You could come to,\" he pleads. Harley shakes her head. \"No. He'll follow you. Just like he followed Batman here. You can't let him know where Richard lives.\" Realization lights in Joker's face. Right. That's most important. Batman can take care of himself no problem, but he would be risking Richard's safety as well. And he absolutely refuses. \"Alright,\" he says a bit breathily. Harley smiles and gives him a quick hug. \"Be safe.\" Joker nods. \"You too.\" This time he stays low to the ground as he moves. He scurries toward the exit and out the door. The man darts for the door. If given the choice he'll choose Joker over Harley any day. Harley speeds after him, making a leap over his head to plant herself firmly between him and the doorway. \"Don't even think about it.\" She slams her hammer against his leg. He screams and crumples. He grasps at his leg, the pain electric. Harley cackles and jumps back. \"Come and get me pretty boy. I dare ya.\" Her eyes gleam with malice. … Batman sits at the kitchen table with Richard, Barbara, and Alfred. Tonight is game night and the pick this week is Sorry. It is Barbara's turn and she hops one of her pieces seven squares. \"Your turn.\" It passes to Alfred. \"Indeed.\" He flips his card, his eyes flit down to it just long enough to register the number, and then he fixes his gaze on Batman once more. Batman frowns and shifts slightly. He eyes Alfred with uncertainty. \"What?\" \"Must you always wear that thing, Master Bruce? Even when we're here alone?\" Batman scoffs. \"Crime never sleeps Alfred. So Batman can't either.\" He gives a firm nod. \"They could strike at any time, even here.\" Alfred snorts, suppressing a laugh. \"My mistake.\" He moves his piece two spaces. Barbara rolls her eyes. \"He means his boyfriend could show up.\" Batman chokes on air. \"My what? \" \"You heard me.\" Barbara's lips curl into a smirk and her eyes light with mischief. \" Batsy .\" Batman's cheeks burn. \"He is my nemesis. \" He snatches a card up and slaps it down. He swipes his piece from the start and smashes it into hers, knocking it clear off the table. \"And I am so not sorry.\" \"Oooh, testy.\" Barbara grins from ear to ear. \"Just like a schoolgirl.\" \"BARBARA.\" Batman glares a hole through her. Richard giggles. \"Come on, padre. It's fine. I've always wanted two dads.\" He bounces in place, lifting his card with the same bounce. Batman's face reddens further, spreading below the mask. \"Nope. No two dads. You have a sister, grandfather, and one – one – dad.\" He points to each of them in turn. Richard sticks his lip out in a pout. \"But I want two dads.\" He drags his piece three spaces. Alfred curbs his smirk, but not his tongue. \"The more the merrier I say.\" That this extra family member would be the Joker is definitely crazy, but unsurprising considering Bruce. Batman turns on Alfred. \"When have you ever said that?\" He blows out a breath. \"Let-Let's just play the game. No more talking. None at all.\" \"Padr-\" \"I said no talking!\" Batman points at the board. \"Card. Pick a card. Barbara – go.\" Barbara chuckles. \"Yeah, yeah.\" She reaches for a card and stops with her hand hovering atop the stack. Her ears prick and her body stiffens. She snaps her head up, her eyes darting to the window. Batman goes rigid in response to her. \"What is it?\" He follows her gaze. Barbara narrows her eyes. \"Someone's here.\" At first there is scuffling at the window, then it turns to scrapping, nails drawn over glass, until it rolls into senseless beating. \"Hey!\" Batman leaps to his feet and hurries to the window. \"Those are expensi-\" He pushes back the curtains and freezes as he sees Joker through the glass. The clown's pallor is ghastly, his eyes are glazed and seem unable to focus on him or anything, and every other slam of his fist misses the window entirely, smashing into the brick wall instead. Alarms blare in Batman's head and he jolts out of his daze. He seizes the sill and shoves upward, lurching forward to nab Joker's arms and drag him through the window. He sets Joker on his feet, his hands lingering at the criminal's arms just in case. \"What the hell happened to you?\" In his steadily rising panic he curses even in Richard's presence. Joker opens and closes his mouth around empty words. He sways on his feet, his vision blurring in and out. \"Bat…man…\" He coughs, a strangled breathy sound. \"Can't…breathe…\" His eyes roll back in his head and he slumps. Batman snaps forward and catches Joker. \"Joker! Joker!\" Hysteria builds in his voice. He shakes Joker. Nothing. He presses the back of his hand to Joker's forehead. Lord God, he's on fire and sweating terribly. Richard scrambles from his seat and rushes over. \"What's wrong, dad? What happened to him?\" Batman crouches. \"Stay back, Dick.\" \"Mr. Joker?\" Panic swells in Richard's voice as he sees Joker's deathly pale face. \" Mr. Joker. \" Batman shoves his arm out to hold Richard back. \"Barbara,\" he barks. \"Get him out of here.\" His eyes flash dangerously as they lock on Barbara. \" Now. \" Barbara nods and jumps into action. She grabs Richard and pulls him up into her arms. \"Time for bed, Richard.\" She runs from the kitchen. Richard shrieks. \"No, no. I want to see him.\" He flails his arms and kicks in a desperate bid to escape her hold. \"Joker! Joker!\" Tears prick his eyes. Alfred steps toward Batman. \"Master B-\" He clears his throat and starts again. \"Batman, what should I do?\" Batman's breathing is heavy and the fear coils around him in a vice grip. But there's no time to waste. Joker is on the verge of death. This much is clear. \"Run the bioscan.\" He nods. \"Yeah, gotta run the scan.\" He wishes Joker could just tell him the problem, but he is out cold, his breathing so shallow Batman can see no rise and fall in the criminal's chest. \"Right away.\" He runs to a drawer and snatches a scanner. Bruce insists on scattering the devices all around the house. Alfred ceaselessly chastises him for it, but in this one instance it turns out Bruce's idiosyncrasy might come in handy. He is back at Batman's side within seconds. \"Here.\" Batman grabs the bioscanner and initiates the process. He holds his breath, his heart pounds against his chest, and his grip tightens around both the device and Joker. Then it dings and the results pop up on the screen. \"Poison…\" He puffs. Alfred leans forward. \"What?\" He hates that when Bruce panics he either whispers or yells. Which means his question will surely cause- \"I said poison,\" his volume rises exponentially. \"Which one?\" Alfred watches Batman carefully. \"I-I don't know.\" Batman looks utterly baffled. \"I need to know which one, sir. I can't do anything unless-\" \" I don't know. \" He sighs, a shuddery sound. It is then that he realizes the cool liquid running down his cheeks. He's…crying. \"Please,\" his voice is only a breath. \"Just…do something.\" Alfred nods solemnly. \"Yes, sir.\" He reaches out and takes Joker from Batman, shifting him into his own arms. Joker moans. His head lolls over. \"Harley…\" Batman jolts to attention. He leaps to his feet and bends over Joker. \"Joker? Joker! Can you hear me?\" \"Sir, if I may, if the Joker was attacked, perhaps his protégée – Mrs. Quinn was it? – is in danger as well. You might want to find her.\" Batman shakes his head fervently. \"No. No way. I can't. Can't leave him.\" The very thought sets him on edge. \"Not like this.\" Alfred looks hard at him. \" Bruce ,\" he slips up and uses his name, but he doesn't let it deter him. \"If she is in trouble and you don't go help her, he will never forgive you. You know that right?\" Batman ducks his head. Of course he knows that. Just…what if this is it for Joker? Saving Harley will be meaningless then. More than that, it will mean being away from Joker for the last moments he has. \"Alfred…\" \"Go.\" Alfred nods. \"I'll take him down to the Batcave. I'll figure this out.\" Batman shifts in place. He doesn't want to, so very, very badly doesn't want to. But as always, Alfred is right. So with a stiff nod he turns on his heel and makes his way to the only place he can think of for her to be – their base. And she better be there. If not…he has no clue where to go from there. He takes the Batmobile and is there in a flash. He arrives on the scene to find Harley and some masked guy out in the streets. What the…? His eyes snap open. What a second. That's… \"You!\" Both Harley and the man's heads jerk up at the sound of his voice. \"You're the guy who went after Joker during that jewelry heist.\" His blood boils at the very thought. He grinds his teeth. Harley bats another arrow away. \"What are you doing here?\" She shoots knives with her gaze. \"You're supposed to be helping Mr. J.\" \"I-It'll be alright. He's being taken care of.\" Batman is acutely aware of how unconvincing he sounds and how unsure he feels. \"He wanted me to help you.\" Harley utters a single syllable laugh. She jumps to the side, dodging an arrow. \"Pah-lease, I am no pushover. I can take care of myself. In fact, it's quite fun. See?\" She points, a grin splitting her lips as she tilts her head in Batman's direction. \"He can barely move. Busted his leg real good.\" \"Harley-\" Harley gasps as an arrow sticks fast in her arm. She hisses through gritted teeth. \" Damn it all. \" She springs forward and bashes her hammer into the man's arm. The man drops his bow and crumples to the ground. Harley kicks his bow away from him. \"See what you did, Bats?\" Harley turns on her heel and stomps toward Batman. \"Now he got me too.\" She jabs a finger at her arm. \"Now-\" She stumbles over her own feet. Batman leaps forward and catches her. \"You need to come to Wayne Manor. We've got a cure.\" \"Psssh.\" Harley pushes off of him. \"I didn't need you to fight him and I certainly don't need you for this. I can…\" Her mouth gets watery and she swallows four times. \"I'll just-\" She pitches forward and vomits. Batman makes a face. \"Well. That's new.\" Maybe they don't even have the same kind of poison? If not, then hers is clearly faster acting. Harley sways on her feet. \"I don't feel so good…\" She goes into a coughing fit. \"Yeah, you're definitely coming with me.\" Batman scoops her into his arms. He'd like nothing more than to throw that idiot shooter's butt in jail right here and now, to make sure nothing like this happens again, but he can't be sure how long Harley has until the poison turns lethal. So he abandons the thought and heads for the Batmobile. Harley grumbles and swats at him. \"Y'know you're really pissin' me off. Put me down.\" She aims a kick, but her eyes go out of focus and she completely misses. \"I'm not some damsel. I'm not Joker. I'll knock your brains out. You hear me?\" She goes on and on. Batman rolls his eyes. \"Yeah, yeah.\" He doesn't mind her rambling. It's a good sign and will make it very easy for him to tell when she gets really bad. He drops her in the passenger seat beside him. Harley grunts as she lands. She scowls over at him. \"I don't know who you think you are.\" Batman smirks. \"I'm Batman.\" Harley fumes. \"I don't know why Joker likes you. You're such a smug little-\" Her throat tightens and suddenly the air is so much thinner. She gasps desperately for air. Batman's eyes widen and his heart skips a beat. No, no, no. He puts the pedal to the metal. Harley may not be his favorite villain, but he does still care about her on some level. Letting her die is not an option. Batman bursts into the Batcave and leaps out of the vehicle with Harley limp in his arms. \"Alfred!\" He looks desperately around the lair. Alfred appears before him. \"Good news, sir.\" He smiles. \"I found the cure and…\" His face creases with concern. \"Master Bruce?\" \"It's Harley!\" Batman shoves his arms out to show him Harley. \"That lunatic got her too. Well, actually, it was my fault really, but that's not the point. He got her. So you have to help her too.\" Alfred nods. \"Already on it.\" He grabs the needle and injects her. Harley sucks in a sharp breath and shoots into a coughing fit. Batman sighs and all the tension floods out with it. \"And you?\" Alfred looks to Batman and unconsciously bites his lip. Batman snorts. \"As if. I'm Batman.\" Alfred puffs out a laugh. \"Of course, sir.\" He sets the other antidote down on the table. Harley's coughing tapers off. \"You suck…\" \"Okay not damsel.\" Batman drops her. Alfred looks absolutely offended. \"Sir.\" \"What?\" Batman shrugs. \"She's fine. Besides, she said to put her down.\" When Alfred's expression remains unchanged Batman pouts. \"You weren't there earlier so you don't know.\" In the next instant he snaps out of his childishness and the worry comes crashing down on him all over again. \"So where's Joker?\" He looks all around him. Harley snaps to attention. \"Boo boo!\" She thoughtlessly uses Joker's pet name. She jumps to her feet, much too fast, and her world spins hard on its axis, causing her to lose her balance before she ever found it. Batman catches her by the arm. \"I can drop you again if you want?\" He smirks. Harley pointedly ignores Batman. \"Hey, Al. Where's Mr. J? I want to see him.\" Alfred cringes at the nickname. \"He's upstairs, in the living room, Mrs. Quinn.\" Batman gapes. \"Alfred.\" Harley sighs and shakes her head. \"All you people. Always being so formal. That must be where Richard gets it from.\" She pushes away from Batman and tries her best to walk. It ends only second later with her on the ground. Batman rolls his eyes. \"You've still got an arrow in your arm you know. You should probably stay down here and let Alfred patch you up.\" He bends down and helps her to her feet. \"I'll be fine,\" Harley grumbles. \"I just need to see him.\" Alfred steps forward. \"Mrs. Quinn, allow me to tend to you. It won't take long, I promise. Joker will be much happier to see you in good health, don't you think?\" He quirks a brow. Harley huffs. \"Yeah, sure, I guess.\" Batman hands Harley off to Alfred and doesn't even bother with being casual about it – he runs out of the Batcave and to the living room. When he gets there, relief washes over him. He smiles softly at the scene before him. Richard is curled up next to Joker, his arms wrapped around the criminal and his face nestled deep in Joker's shirt. Joker sits propped between the arm of the couch and Richard. He runs a hand in a soothing motion over Richard's head. \"Hey, Batsy,\" his voice is still weaker than normal. He manages a wisp of a smile. Batman nods. \"Good to see you're not dead.\" He'd imagined saying so many things when he saw Joker alright again after that scare, but of course something like that would come out. Joker chuckles. \"You sure know how to sweet talk a guy, huh?\" Richard pops his head up. \"Padre.\" He grins. \"Aren't you so happy Mr. Joker's okay?\" He yawns. Batman opens his mouth for some sort of retort, but he finds none. \"Yeah,\" he sighs. \"Yeah, I am.\" Joker starts and blinks twice, making double sure he isn't imagining this. Batman wanders over to the couch and slumps down beside Richard. Richard hugs Joker a final time before he hops down and scampers off to the kitchen, just far enough away so that the two won't feel he is intruding, but close enough so he can watch. Joker sways and leans his head against Batman's shoulder. \"I'm tired,\" he murmurs. Batman doesn't even flinch at his touch. It's so unlike that night when Joker had insomnia. \"Then go to sleep, idiot.\" He continues to verbally jab at Joker despite himself. Joker wilts. He reaches out and locks his arms around Batman's arm. \"I'm too scared.\" Batman frowns and his brows knit together. He doesn't have to ask why. \"Don't be.\" He wraps an arm around Joker's shoulder and pulls his body closer. \"You're safe here. I promise.\" Joker smiles to himself and relaxes. \"What about tomorrow?\" He can't help but worry. \"We'll just stay here.\" Harley walks up to them, rubbing at her arm all the while. Joker sits straight and his face lights up. \"Harls!\" He scrambles to his feet and runs straight into her arms. He hugs her tight. Harley returns his sentiments. \"I'm okay, Boo boo. Good to see you okay too.\" She peers over his shoulder and locks her eyes on Batman. \"Anyway, we can't rightly go back to our hideout now that that psycho knows where it is.\" Batman doesn't miss the insinuation that it is all his fault the man discovered it. He scoffs. \"Would you have preferred I let him drown?\" He raises a brow. Harley rolls her eyes. \"Regardless, it's not safe there. In fact, he's probably camped out there right now, using our resources, using my tv,\" she grinds out. She clears her throat. \"And as much as I want to get out of here it'd be better for both of us to stay put.\" Joker pops his head up and looks to Batman. \"Would that really be alright?\" He grins despite himself, his heart fluttering in his chest. Batman lets out an exaggerated sigh. \"Yeah, sure, whatever I guess.\" He feels his cheeks get warmer. Harley covers her mouth in an attempt to hide a snicker. \"Really!?\" Richard runs in from the kitchen. \"Mrs. Harley and Mr. Joker are gonna stay here?\" He bounces in place by the arm of the couch. He presses his clenched fists against his lips. \"Unfortunately.\" Batman puts on a pout. Richard squeals. \"We can play all kinds of games, and get ice cream, and-and-\" His excitement overwhelms his ability to speak. Harley chuckles. She can't help but smile at him. \"We sure can.\" \"Wanna play one now?\" Richard holds his breath. Batman shakes his head and a smile twitches at his lips. \"Not tonight, Dick. They were sick, remember? They need to rest.\" Richard deflates. \"Oh. Yeah.\" He perks just as quickly. \"Tomorrow then!\" Batman stands and herds Richard out of the room. \"It's about bedtime for you. Go on. Find Barbara. She'll tuck you in tonight.\" \"Yes, padre.\" He skips away, pauses, then spins around to face Batman again. \"Hug?\" He holds his arms up. Batman's gaze flits behind him to the criminals watching. Harley has a particularly big grin plastered across her face. He grumbles beneath his breath before speaking kindly, \"Sure.\" He lifts the kid and wraps him in a warm embrace. Richard hugs him in return and nuzzles him. \"Night, dad.\" Batman's expression softens. \"Night, buddy.\" He sets Richard down. Richard goes along his merry way without any further coaxing. Batman turns to face the criminals in his living room. Harley giggles. \"Well aren't you just the cutest with Richard.\" Batman scowls. \"Batman is not cute.\" Harley grins. \"Yeah sure okay hotshot. So where are we staying?\" \" You are staying on the couch.\" He points. Harley snorts. \"Rude. And let me guess, Mr. J gets the master suite next door to yours.\" A smirk curls her lips and a devious glint shines in her eyes. \"No, wait, I bet he shares your room.\" Batman turns beet red. \" No. \" \"Padre!\" Richard calls from atop the stairs. Batman narrows his eyes in his son's direction. \"What did I tell you? It's time for bed.\" Richard meanders down the stairs, his hands clasped behind his back. \"Yeah, well, I was wondering…\" His gaze roams all over the room. \"If, you know, Mrs. Harley could sleep with me.\" His eyes widen and sparkle. \"Pretty please!\" Batman falters. \"W-What? Why? Barbara's perfectly fine.\" Richard shrugs. \"I guess…but I haven't seen Mrs. Harley in a long time. I miss her.\" He looks particularly pitiful as he stares at Batman. \"Please, padre?\" Batman sighs. \"Yeah, sure.\" Harley hesitates. She looks at Joker. \"Will you be alright by yourself, Boo boo?\" She tilts her head. Joker waves away her concern. \"We're at Batman's,\" he half laughs. \"Nothing can touch me here.\" Harley chuckles. \"Alright.\" She can sense the lie in his words, but she understands what he really means. He won't be alone. Batman is right here. Batman points at Richard. \"But you better go to sleep for real this time.\" Then he points at Harley. What's she really going to do? He knows she loves the kid about as much as Joker does and that's a whole heck of a lot. It's not like she'd hurt him. Mostly he's just posturing. Harley snorts. \"Oooh, you're so mean.\" She taps Batman on the head as she passes. Richard cheers. He runs to meet Harley. \"I'll show you my room, Mrs. Harley.\" He takes her hand, bouncing from one foot to the other. Harley smiles softly. \"I look forward to it, sweetie.\" She allows him to take her up the stairs, passing one last glance over her shoulder at Joker before they are out of sight. Batman shuffles to the couch and sinks into it. He blows of a breath. Without any scrutinous eyes on him, dissecting every move he makes and word he says he is able to relax. More than that, he is able to hope that Joker follows him to the couch. After today he needs it. Joker is only a step behind. He curls up on the couch and lays his head in Batman's lap. \"I'm gonna find that guy.\" Batman glares at the tv as if it is the man. Joker peers up at Batman. \"Are you really just going to let us stay here until then? That could be a while.\" He's sure Batman could do it and do it quick if this was a normal criminal, but this guy seems like the type to lay low for months on end. He isn't a true criminal, his intentions go beyond committing crimes. He clearly has an agenda. One that seems to have offing him as a main priority. \"Well I'm sure as hell not letting you go back out there on your own. I…\" He shakes his head. \"I was scared.\" For the second time in only two days. \"I really thought you were going to die.\" He grimaces. Joker thinks to poke fun at Batman, to tease him about having feelings for him, but he just can't do it. Instead he tells the truth, \"Me too.\" He swings an arm as he allows it to hang off the couch. His face creases as he debates with himself, ultimately choosing to admit more. \"He was at the prison too.\" Batman starts. \" What? \" Joker flinches at the harsh tone despite himself. \"Yeah…he's the reason I didn't break out sooner.\" Batman is not blind to Joker's kneejerk reaction. \"Is that why you've been…\" he waves a hand in a small circle, searching for the right word. \"…different.\" Joker shrugs. \"Maybe.\" Definitely. Batman's brows knit together. \"What'd he do to you?\" Joker wraps his arms around himself and drops his gaze to the floor. \"I don't wanna talk about it.\" Batman grinds his teeth. Geez. Is this the way people feel every time he refuses to talk about his problems? If so then he is so sorry for all the times he did that because he has never hated a feeling so much. Still, he can't rightly fuss at Joker, not after the hell he went through tonight and last night and apparently months before that in prison. \"Okay.\" Joker blinks, bewilderment filling his face at having his wishes be respected for the first time in a long time. His muscles relax once more and he even smiles. \"Thanks.\" Batman smiles, but there is a pained edge there. \"What do you want to talk about then?\" Pleasure swells within Joker as he is given even more of a choice. \"Nothing. Quiet is fine. Just…you being here is good enough.\" Batman runs his fingers through Joker's hair. \"Alright.\" He rests a hand on his knee, just in front of Joker's face, so that Joker's breaths pulse gently against his skin and he knows without a doubt that the clown is still alive and well. It take no more than ten minutes for Joker to fall heavy into sleep, the safety of Batman's presence finally allowing him reprieve. Batman tries to fight it, tries to be the protector through the night, but he can't shake his own exhaustion. He begins to drift. On some level he realizes that falling asleep like this means everyone seeing them here in the morning, but it is not a strong enough worry to make him act. Besides, he likes it here like this. It's nice. Comfortable. Safe. It's happiness. Honestly I spent way too much time researching how to make this poison arrow thing accurate to real life before I realized that this is fanfiction and most people probably don't care as long as it is believable and they get a cute or angsty scene out of it. lol So yeah. It was also during writing this that I realized Harley never interacts with Batman in the movie so their relationship could go any way I want pretty much. Yes I am slow leave me be. It was fun getting to write a bit of everybody in this chapter. And I totally headcanon that Harley is a way better fighter than Joker in Legoverse. Like yes please. Also this bad guy still has no name. I'll come up with one by the next time he shows up I'm sure but right now I honestly have no clue what I'm gonna call him. If anyone wants to make any cool suggestions then be my guest. lol I'm all for it. Please review![Chapter 10] Yeeeeeah. What happened? 13 Reasons Why happened. It put me in the exact opposite head space of what I needed to be able to write this story. Like holy hell that show. That lasted for about a month. After that I have no excuse. lol I've just been having general trouble getting back into my writing groove. Anyway, this one was done to give everyone a break from all the pain of the last few chapters. I hope you enjoy! Batman trudges in after his first day of searching, a long sigh passing his lips. It's not that he's tired. He could go on for days if he really needed to. It's just he has never failed so miserably at finding someone in his entire career as Batman. He comes to a sharp halt and his face goes blank for a minute as he enters the living room and sees the scene before him. Harley sits on one side and Joker on the other, both bent over Richard. Harley snickers. \"This looks awesome.\" Joker grins from ear to ear. \"He's like a little me.\" Richard puts all his energy into remaining perfectly still. His eyes shine with excitement and a wide smile splits his lips. Batman blinks and breaks his daze. \"What the heck do you think you're doing?\" He crosses his arms in an attempt to hide how stunned he really is. Harley sits upright. She flashes Batman a devious smile. \"Just a little fun.\" Joker pops into a standing position. \"What do you think?\" He thrusts his hands out toward Richard to present him in his full glory. Batman's eye twitches. Richard's face is completely white, startling red sticking out on his lips and searing green coloring his eyebrows. It clashes terribly with the color of his hair. Richard beams up at Batman. \"I'm the Joker,\" he does his best to alter his voice so he sounds like Joker. In the end his words taper off into senseless giggles. Batman gapes. \"Oh…my…God. No. Absolutely not. Put him back. Make him normal again.\" Harley snorts. \"Relax, Bats. It's only make-up. Comes right off.\" She smears the white. Batman looks incredulous. \"Why would you even…?\" He shakes his head. Joker shrugs, unable to keep himself from smiling. \"Just for fun. I've gotta be real with you right now, I have always wanted to try this out on the kid.\" He covers his mouth to muffle the laughter. Richard jumps to his feet. \"I just wanted to have some fun. They did this and I loved it.\" He squirms in place from all the pent up glee. \"You should be happy too.\" Batman moves his lips from one side to the other to keep himself from speaking impulsively. Right, right, it's fine. Totally fine. \"Just…please don't use my son as a guinea pig for your…whatever you're doing.\" Harley's lips curl into a smirk. \"How about we use you then?\" Batman freezes. He shakes his head. \"Ha.\" He turns on his heel and speeds away. \"He's all yours.\" He waves a hand over his shoulder. Richard gapes. \"Hey!\" He doesn't mind being used as a mannequin, quite the opposite actually, but he doesn't like being handed over so easily. \"You traitor.\" He looks indignantly at his dad's back. Batman stops. \"Wait a minute.\" He turns and narrows his eyes. \"How did you even get ahold of stuff like this?\" Harley shrugs. \"You know. Went out.\" Batman is stricken. \"What the heck is wrong with you? Did we not go over this yesterday?\" Harley bursts out laughing. \"Relax, Bats.\" Her eyes sparkle with something between glee and mischief. \"Al is the one who got it. I wouldn't break your precious curfew.\" Her next words are as sour as her expression, \"If it can even be called that. More like confinement.\" Joker takes a huge step forward. \"Oooookay.\" He holds his hands up. \"Anyway, how about we do something else then. Huh?\" He looks from one to the other with a trembling smile on his face. \"Twister, anyone?\" He raises a brow at Batman. Batman ducks his head. \"I don't-\" \"Yes!\" Richard's voice rises up over Batman's. \"You, me, Miss Harley, and Mr. Joker.\" Batman grumbles beneath his breath. He knows he's lost the battle of playing this game already, but there is still time to make conditions. \"Only if you get that awful stuff off my son's face.\" He looks hard at Harley in particular. Harley scoffs and rolls her eyes. \"You big whiner.\" She stomps toward Richard and lifts him beneath his arms, drawing him to her chest. \"Come on, Richie. Before Bats has a heart attack.\" She wanders toward the nearest bathroom. Richard giggles. He more than happily lets her carry him. Joker lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding. \"Don't let Harley get to you.\" He half laughs. \"Besides, if you pretend it doesn't bother you it sucks the fun right out of it and she'll eventually stop.\" Batman snorts. \"Yeah, okay. Cause I'm so good at not letting people get to me.\" He shoots Joker a deadpan look. Joker grins from ear to ear. \"Being your greatest enemy wouldn't be half as fun if you were any good at ignoring picking.\" Batman shakes his head and looks as far from Joker as he can to try and hide the smile twitching at his lips. Eventually Richard reappears in the room with a box clasped to his chest. \"Got it!\" He skips over to them. His eyes shine like thousands of stars. \"Ready?\" Batman narrows his eyes and leans over, examining every inch of his son's face. He hums for a long moment before standing tall once more and grumbling, \"Yeah, yeah. We'll play.\" Richard hops in place. \"Okey Dokey.\" He sets the box down and grabs the mat and spinner from within. He flings the flimsy mat about to extend it to its full length, finally managing after a minute. \"So-\" \"I call spinner,\" Batman seizes this opportunity. Richard gapes. \"Nuh-uh. That's not allowed.\" He crosses his arms and puffs his cheeks out as he scowls at his father. \"Seconded.\" Harley stares with raised brows, looking thoroughly unimpressed. \"If anyone gets to be spinner it's me. I'm not letting you weasel out of this.\" She points s finger at him. \"Besides,\" a smile curls her lips. \"If I played I'd cream you all.\" She grabs her leg and lifts it so it's vertical with her body. Batman scoffs. \"I can do that too.\" \"No you can't,\" Richard pipes. Batman fumes. \"Let's just do this already.\" Normally he'd call Barbara and Alfred to join in, but he isn't sure that's the best idea since these two are playing. It's no secret Barbara doesn't like the criminals. More than that though he realizes he doesn't want her here because she would relentlessly tease him about Joker. He is definitely not about to put up with that. Harley snickers. She nabs the spinner and throws herself onto the nearest couch. She flicks the needle and watches it spin. \"Right hand red.\" Joker and Batman head for the side closest to the reds and Richard throws up his arms. \"Hey! Hey! No. That's not how you do it.\" He herds Joker to one side of the mat and Batman to the other. \"One foot on yellow and the other on blue.\" He points as he directs. \"And then I stand on the reds.\" He plants his feet on the red circles at the center of their row. Batman blinks at Richard. \"How do you know all this?\" Richard shrugs. \"Barbara plays with me all the time. She says it's a good stretching exercise but I think she really just likes the game.\" He giggles. \"Aaaanyway, right hand red.\" He leans sideways and easily accomplishes it. Batman does the same. Joker has a bit more difficulty with the circle on his left. He crouches and twists so that his right hand is able to touch it. \"Left hand blue,\" Harley calls. They twist and turn their bodies to follow every call she makes. For a while her commands are quick and they are just as quick to move. The deeper into the game they go, however, the longer she pauses and the higher Batman's suspicion rises. \"Hey!\" Batman glares at Harley. \"What's taking so long?\" Harley blinks at him and tilts her head. \"Hm? I don't know what you mean.\" Batman scoffs. \"I'm sure you don't.\" Harley flicks the spinner, her eyes never leaving the colored mat. The gears in her head whir away and then a smirk curls her lips. \"Right foot yellow.\" \"You didn't even look!\" He jerks a hand up to point a finger, but can't manage it. He flails about before slapping his hand down to regain his balance. \"I know what you're trying to do.\" Harley grins from ear to ear. \"Right. Foot. Yellow.\" Richard puffs his lips out in a pout and gives Batman a meaningful look. Batman growls beneath his breath, but there's no resisting that face. He leans his body Joker's direction, teetering just inches away from the clown's body, and draws his leg closer to himself in order to get around Joker's leg before extending it to place on a free yellow space. Joker considers his position. He could maneuver around Batman completely. In fact that would be the sensible option. Instead he slides his foot forward and bends his limb around Batman's leg, curls hard and fast and with intent. Batman yelps as his leg is knocked out from under him and he loses his balance completely. His body leans hard and he falls into Joker. He throws an arm up as if to grab onto something for traction, but that only makes it worse. They tumble and when they stop Joker is on the bottom. For a moment his expression is blank, but with the blink of an eye a smile begins to curl his lips and his eyes light up. Batman is on top, but it sure doesn't feel like it. He feels completely defenseless with his face mere inches from Joker's. So close he can feel the criminal's breaths beating a soft, steady rhythm on his skin. He swallows hard. Joker snickers. He pops his head up and lays a quick, soft kiss on Batman's lips. Batman freezes. His face burns a deep red, enough so that it appears below the mask. He realizes he needs to move or respond one way or another, but his body just won't listen. He is paralyzed in this dizzying moment. Richard sits back and shoves his hands over his mouth to hide the grin spreading clear across his face. But there's no stopping the way his eyes shine. Harley smirks, her eyes dancing with pure pride. Henceforth she will be known as the Master Matchmaker, at least in her head. Batman opens and closes his mouth around empty words for longer than he cares to admit. And when he finally does find his voice it is weak, \"You made us lose.\" Once more he realizes there were infinitely more and better things to say, but his mind is still scattered. Joker flashes a sly grin. \"I don't know.\" He pushes Batman onto his back and straddles him. \"Pretty sure I won.\" He leans closer. Batman smiles despite himself. When his brain catches up with the action, his face turns a deeper shade of red and he acts impulsively. He shoves Joker off and sits up. \"Well,\" his voice is an octave too high, \"game's over so I'm going.\" He leaps to his feet and flees the scene. Once Batman is out of sight, Harley bursts out laughing. \"That was too good.\" She lifts a hand in Joker's direction. Joker sits up, a smile plastered on his face, and he high-fives Harley. Richard giggles and bounces in place. \"Your plan was awesome Miss Harley.\" Harley holds her head high. \"You bet it was.\" Richard leaps to his feet. \"What are we gonna do next?\" He clenches his fists and an almost devious gleam comes to his eyes. Just as fast as it comes that foreign look is gone again, replaced by sheer excitement. Harley snickers. \"I think we're good.\" She ruffles Richard's hair. \"We just let time and proximity work their magic.\" She grins at Joker in particular. Richard nods. \"If you say so.\" Harley is the master at this after all. Joker returns Harley's sentiments. He can hardly wait. This crazy archer ordeal might just be what they needed all along. I have the chapters ahead more or less planned out but I'm not entirely sure when I'll get to them. I hope soon, but I'm juggling quite a few writing projects so I'm not going to make any promises. Regardless, I hope you enjoyed this update. It was fun. Also do tell me if there are any mistakes. I try to go through and make sure it's as good as it can be, but as the author my head sometimes autocorrects on its own. lol Please review![Chapter 11] This is dedicated to basilflame for inspiring me to finish this chapter with their wonderful message. My song of inspiration was 'Alone' by Alan Walker. It's a bit too bouncy, but it carries an undertone of melancholy because of the two verses that sort of influence the rest of the song. There were other songs but those make even less sense than that. lol Also, a part of this chapter was inspired by art done by moopledoodles on tumblr. I've always love all their stuff, but one piece in particular is my favorite. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy! Joker stands in a pure black world. He stares into the emptiness at his feet. Perhaps there is a massive hole right before him, one that will swallow him whole if he takes the smallest of steps. Still, he can't rightly stand there and do nothing. So he lifts a foot and presses the tips of his toes inches ahead of the other. He cringes, shies away from any possible repercussions. Only it never comes. He opens his eyes and lets out a breath. Well…alright. He takes one more step, then another, and another. His confidence grows with every successful step until he is walking smoothly within the confines of the darkness. Unfortunately the sentiment is fleeting. Unease creeps up on him after so long here. It's wrong. There is no such place where nothing exists. Where is Batman, or Harley, or Richard? Any of them. A soft rumbling breaches the silence and he starts, jerking his head to attention. The sound wells into a chuckle that echoes all around the space. Joker spins around, his eyes wild and his heart speeding up. He has to find the source of the noise. Needs to. He can't quite place it, but it makes his hair stand on end and that's all he needs to know. Color filters into the space above him and for a long moment he keeps his head low. He has the distinct feeling he shouldn't look. Alas he can't remain blind forever. So he tentatively raises his head to meet the large eyes of an all too familiar face and he immediately regrets his choice. His throat tightens and his body trembles despite his efforts. He opens and closes his mouth around empty words. You… The chuckle swells and spills into maniacal laughter. \"You didn't really think you could get away from me, did you?\" Joker gulps in air as he inches backward. \"You…You're not here.\" He shakes his head. His face disappears from overhead and darkness prevails once more. Joker's eyes flit from left to right, over and over. Where is he? Where did he go? Where-? He yelps and pivots as he backs into something – him . He shrinks away. The man towers over him, his eyes shining with malice. \"I told you that if you ran I'd find you. Kill you.\" He grins and his razor sharp teeth gleam to match his eyes. He stalks closer. Joker scurries away, tripping over himself in his flurry. Panic twists his face and muddies his eyes. \"N-No.\" He scrambles back on all fours, unable to find his way to his feet again. \"You're not real. Not real.\" He grips his head and digs his fingers into his scalp. Tears well in his eyes. \" Not real. \" The tears break free and roll down his cheeks. The man pounces. He seizes Joker's throat and squeezes. \"Does this feel fake to you?\" Joker gasps for air. \"Oh? What's that? I can't hear you.\" He snickers. Joker scratches at the man's hands and tries to dig his fingers beneath the man's grip, but his fumbling fingers do no good. They never do. The man lets go with one of his hands and grabs Joker by the wrist. He forces his elbow onto his knee. \"Sorry, but it's too late to tell me now.\" He yanks the arm down. A soundless scream rips from Joker. The pain is electric and swallows him whole. The darkness rises up and drags him down, away from his tormenter but not from the pain. He grasps at the arm and the screams finally burst forth. In but a few seconds the wails tip into sobs. He clenches his eyes shut. End this. End this. Please. He curls inward. Footsteps echo. \"I'm coming for you,\" the voice reverberates all around Joker. \"Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock.\" He reaches for Joker. \" No ,\" Joker shrieks. A clap of thunder drowns him out and a flash of lightning lights up the darkness. He jolts up in bed, his breathing erratic and his chest heaving. He pats himself over, his hands flying to his neck first to feel for swelling and then to his arm, finding there isn't a trace of pain. He lets out a breath and his shoulders slump. He runs a hand over his face and freezes as his skin brushes with something wet. Tears. He cried in reality. Because of course he did. He sneers at how pathetic he is and scrubs away the trail of tears as well as what remains built up in his eyes. It isn't like this is the first time. He should be over it ten times over by now. He's in Batman's home for crying out loud. In prison it was different…but here, he should have learned by now. Still, he has dreamed of this and worse every night he has been here. It's just. So. Pathetic. Trembling sneaks up on him, traveling up from his fingertips. His sneer crumbles and his shoulders shudder as a sob leaps forth. He buries his face in his hands in an attempt to muffle the sounds and hide the tears that have returned with a vengeance. No, get a grip. He swallows the sobs and runs the back of his arm over his eyes. He can't do this, not here. He's being too loud. If he's not careful he's going to wake someone up. They'll find out. And that's the last thing he wants. He peers toward the window. Rain beats against the pane and his eyes glaze over. Yeah, okay. He picks himself up from the bed and drags himself into the halls. He meanders about until he finds the stairs. He takes flight after flight until he makes it to the roof. He steps through the door and into the pelting rain, letting it wash over him. He stands with arms spread, eyes closed, and breathes in deeply. Every inch of his skin is alive and in the best of ways. It stings, but it is not the kind of painful that makes him wish he was dead. But best of all, here like this, drenched in the rain, no one can tell the tears running down his face apart from the rain water. It all blurs together. In fact, he's not crying at all. That's right. He drops his arms to his side and the crumbs of peace he gathered up fall away. He walks to the back side of the roof access and leans against the wall. He slides down until he is sitting and draws his knees to his chest. His heart sinks with him. He crosses his arms over his knees and scrunches his head down so everything below his nose is hidden. Thunder booms and he jumps in place, his eyes wide and every nerve on end. Within seconds all the energy pumping through him drains from his very bones and he recedes to his previous glassy eyed state. And after the initial boom, the sound gradually has less and less impact on him until eventually he doesn't notice the thunder at all. Only the sleeting rain breaches his mind. You seriously can't feel it? He hears Batman's voice in his head. Joker blinks and stares vacantly out into the emptiness before allowing his gaze to slip to his hands. Oh. His hands shaking. More so than that night on the cliff. In fact…his whole body is. And it is no longer from the crying and sobbing. You knew it was going to be cold. \"Didn't know…\" Only this time his words are an outright lie. He doesn't know how much time passes, but the next thing he knows a shadow has fallen over him and the rain is no longer hitting him. Joker peers up through dull eyes to see Batman leaning forward with his arms spread so his cape shields him from the rain. Batman locks eyes with him, but his gaze is not half as sharp and his expression is strangely soft. \"Hey…\" his voice too, it is missing its edge. Joker musters enough energy to push one corner of his mouth into his best smile and say, \"…hi…\" Batman notices how fiercely Joker is shaking first and foremost and he also knows it is the last thing he should comment on. \"Want to come inside with me?\" He lets half his cape fall and reaches a hand out to Joker. Joker's lip trembles and his empty eyes well with emotion. He gives a stiff nod and lays his hand in Batman's. Batman pulls him to his feet and guides him into the house, all the way to the couch. Only once Joker sits does he follow suit. His brows knit together as he watches Joker. This is so wrong. So still. Joker is always flinging some part of him about for the sake of his 'flair' or whatever. But now…there is nothing. And those eyes, they might as well be the eyes of a dead man. Joker stares vacantly at the tv. He isn't sure for how long, like everything else tonight, but the whole time Batman doesn't utter a single word. Perhaps he left. Ha. Typical. Something like a smile twitches at his lips. Then it breaks. His lips twist into a disturbing grin and the tears roll down his face in a steady stream. Batman's heart sinks further and sadness shines clearly in his eyes. He opens and closes his mouth around empty words. There should be something he can say, surely. \"Joker…\" Joker sucks in a breath and scrambles to scrub away the tears. \"S-Sorry. We're not friends, I know that. I said that.\" He puffs out a laugh and the sound cracks. \"You…you shouldn't have to see me like this. It's not-not…\" \"Joker.\" Batman chances placing a hand on Joker's shoulder. Joker flinches on instinct, but recovers quickly. \"We don't need to be friends for you to talk to me.\" He locks eyes with Joker. Joker stares for a long moment before he snaps out of it. He shakes his head and brushes Batman's hand off of him. \"No.\" He pulls farther away and wraps his arms around himself. \"I don't-I can't-\" Batman lets out a breath. \"Well, you need to tell someone.\" He stands. \"Let me get Harl-\" Joker lurches forward and seizes Batman's arm. \" No. \" Panic leaps into his eyes. \"I don't want her to know,\" his voice trembles and cracks as he adds, \"I don't want anyone to know.\" Tears well up again and struggles to swallow them. Batman sinks onto the couch. \"Joker…\" He runs a finger across the clown's cheek and wipes away lingering tears. \"I can't make you say a word.\" Doesn't want to. Force is clearly a trigger. \"But if you hold it in much longer, you're going to break. And I…I don't want to see you break.\" Joker crumbles and breaks down into sobs and convulsions. \"I'm so pathetic. If it were you, you'd never even have a bruise.\" He covers his face. \"But I-I-\" Batman waits for Joker to recover. He doesn't say a word. Joker pulls himself together enough to speak, but every word wavers and it's a stuttering mess, \"It started out as threats…if I ran he'd kill me. And he…he meant it.\" Terror flashes through his eyes. \"So I…I was scared to escape. That's why I stayed so long. But eventually he started hurting me. And it just got worse…and worse…and worse .\" His words devolve into nothing more than sobs. Batman tentatively reaches out and lays a hand on Joker's shoulder. Joker falls into Batman and throws his arms around him, digging his fingers into the space between the shoulder blades and clinging for dear life. He buries his face in Batman's chest and lets it all out. \"Every night…every night…it happens again.\" Batman starts, but the surprise fades into sad acceptance. He wraps his arms around Joker and holds him close. \"I'm sorry.\" He runs a hand over Joker's hair over and over. \"I'm so sorry.\" After a while the tears slow and the sobs ebb and he loosens his grip on Batman. Joker sniffles and leans off of Batman so that he can look up at him. Pain creases Joker's face even now. \"Why does everyone hurt me?\" his voice is barely a whisper. Batman falters. His mouth hangs open slightly and confusion swims in his eyes. Everyone? His mind snaps back to the night on the cliff. Were his parents the first? Did they beat him? The thought sickens him. \"I won't hurt you,\" he says it before he can convince himself to hold in those pesky emotions that come much too close to something intimate. Then he makes another decision. He leans down and presses his lips to Joker's forehead. A glint of light surfaces in Joker's eyes and a trembling smile lifts his lips. His heart beats a little faster. \"Batsy...\" Batman smiles as the all too familiar nickname finally passes Joker's lips. It's the first time he has said it in a long time, ever since the nightmares really started to mess with him. He starts to utter their trademark show of affection, cutting himself off hard as he realizes how the phrase might be the exact opposite of what Joker wants to hear right now. Joker sees the conflict in Batman's eyes and for a moment he too falters. Then he makes a choice. \"I hate you.\" Batman relaxes. \"I hate you more.\" \"Prove it,\" it is presented as a challenge, but his voice makes it sound more like a plea. A cry for love that has been denied him all his life. Batman hesitates. He recognizes Joker's vulnerability and he is afraid this isn't the right time to make any kind of step forward, but he is also afraid pushing Joker away will only drive him deeper into despair. So he cups Joker's face, tilts his head up, and leans forward and kisses Joker. The kiss is deep and Joker's eyes widen for a split second before he falls into it. He kisses Batman in return and drinks in his scent, the taste of cheap chapstick, and surprisingly soft texture of Batman's lips as they mesh so perfectly with his. He captures it all in his memory, refusing to lose this moment of pure ecstasy. Batman breaks the kiss and smirks. \"Good enough?\" A dopey smile spreads across Joker's face and he flushes. \"Yeah,\" he breathes. \"Come on, it's late.\" Batman stands and draws Joker along with him. \"We need to sleep.\" Joker ducks his head and a flash of fear passes through his eyes. \"Don't worry. I'll be with you.\" Joker relaxes. \"Okay…\" He's willing to try anything for some peace. Batman's presence doesn't chase away the nightmares, but when he wakes up from the horrors of sleep later all he has to do is hold on tight to Batman to soothe his pain and panic enough to sleep again. It happens five times before morning and each time when he wakes he finds that it is easier and easier to get a grip. Within a week the security even begins to seep into his dreams and that maniac is no longer able to lay a finger on him before Batman swoops in and beats him down, rewarding Joker with a kiss just as exhilarating as that first night. And so the nightmares die, replaced by a little piece of heaven. I have been planning to do something like this since the jail chapter. Cause who doesn't want this hopelessly cliche setup for every pair in existence? lol Seriously, I have done this for almost every fandom I've been in, romantic and platonic. I also considered building up to the nightmares the way I built up Joker sort of wilting in the jail chapter, but decided against it. It would have messed up the flow too much. I'm not sure when I'll be updating again because I'm still working on my original novel. Also Rick and Morty has returned and I may or may not be obsessed with it. XD Please review! ","Summary":" I'm not sure how long this story will run. Basically until my love of Batjokes dies down. lol As st"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"The Boy 2: Play Nicely","Author":"SnowWolf15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12077557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue : Hello everyone! After I watched \"The Boy\" I couldn't pass up the opportunity to create a FanFiction inspired by it, so here goes ENJOY! WARNING! SPOILERS FOR THOSE WHO HAVEN'T SEEN THE MOVIE. It had been a few years since Greta left the Heelshire house. She never reported Brahms, but was instead issued to a mental institution following the death of Malcolm in the hospital. Since she left, the house was put up for sale and housed by families and retired couples. Those families left after living in the house for no more than a week or two with reports of strange noises and things like clothes and shoes going missing claiming it to be haunted by the restless spirit of a child lost in a fire. Police searched the house, but found no evidence of break in's or animals(including mice) that would explain the noises and disappearing items.A missing persons report was filed for a mother in her early forties who went missing shortly after moving in, but was then found later hanging from the shafts of the main bedroom. Since these incidents, the house has been put back up for sale. Regardless of the stories told about the house, foreign exchange student Margaret Brewer and her friend Kaitlyn Lucas have recently purchased it to attend college in a town 7 miles out from the home. The school they planned on attending was the small Alan Wood University to study teaching and child care. The two have heard from many people that the college was great for those wanting to be teachers and child care specialist. Margaret heard about the house from her cousin Greta who even though was mentally unstable, highly recommended staying at the Heelshire home. You might be wondering why she would trust a mentally insane woman and the answer to this is that all apartments, hotels, condos, and rental houses were already full. Since Margaret just turned 19(Kaitlyn is 20 and is finishing her two years of school left with Margaret) she figured this would be her first \"adult decision\" and looked for the house online. The first time she looked, the house was already bought, but surprisingly opened up again a week later. They made a plan to split the payment of the house and pay it off by finding day jobs to do on their days off. Little did they know that Greta's assaulter was still residing in the house. Throughout the story, we will see the two going through the same things as Greta and the previous families. The real question is, will a certain someone allow them to stay? So, there's the prologue. I honestly can't wait to start this story! That being said school will be starting soon so I have no idea when I will make chapter one. I hope to get it done before school starts but who knows. I also have other stories I am working on currently, so that is thing to think about. All in all I won't abandon this story, it might just take a little while(a week maybe two) to update. Thanks! Please leave feedback for it really helps me to see what you guys like and dislike. R&R;[Chapter 2] Here's chapter 1! I guess I was to excited, so I decided to go ahead and write this. Most of the story will be told in Margaret's POV, even though there are two main characters. Regarding that, there are a few things you need to know... 1. \"Speech\" 2. Thoughts will be in italics 3. There will be some language throughout the story and some adult themes , but I am not making anything graphic! Also, I don't know if I should make a POV for Brahms let me know if that would be good. Ok I'm done talking CHAPTER ONE! \"Where is this place again?\" Asked Kaitlyn as she pulled to a stop sign. \"The woman on the phone said look for a road called Heelshire, it should be in the opening of a forest\" replied her friend Margaret who sat in the passenger seat. With that in mind, they eagerly looked for the road leading to their new house. \"I think that's it!\" Margaret claimed pointing to an old road. Sure enough it was, so Kaitlyn turned and drove for awhile until they came across an ajar gate. It's metal rusted and old. \"Didn't you say the reality agent would meet us here to tour the house?\" Questioned Kaitlyn. \"Yeah, I forgot her name, but she said that there were certain things we need to do to keep the house in shape, so she would be here to help us out\". They continued driving. They drove on and on until they came across a huge wooden house that looked close to rotting. \"Uh...are you sure this is the house we bought?\". Margaret gazed wearily at the mansion before replying \"It's the only house on this road, so I'm guessing it is\" although the picture made it look younger . ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Parking at the front of the house, they were met by a young smiling woman. Before leaving car Kaitlyn laughed \"She looks rather cheery don't you think?\" Margaret smiled \"This house never seems to be full for very long, so I guess she's hoping we stay\". \"The Heelshire house was the only vacant place in this town so of course we're going to stay!\" When they left the car, the lady grabbed their hands and shook them \"I am so glad you two ladies decided to stay in this magnificent house! My name is Alyssa Lukewater and I will be showing you around your new home, but before we get started, may I have your names?\" Kaitlyn spoke up first \"Kaitlyn Lucas\". \"Nice to meet you Kaitlyn, and you?\" Alyssa said gesturing a hand to Margaret. \"Oh! Um...Margaret Brewer\". The woman smiled again \"What lovely names for two lovely ladies\" she paused and then clapped \"Alright well now that we've taken care of that, we will get on with the tour. Your moving van should be here shortly\". The kind woman took them inside and showed them the waiting area while giving them a little history along with it. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"The Heelshire estate was built by Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire in 1983 following the birth of their first child. A fire broke out in 1991, burning the home to the ground, thus the couple rebuilt it. As you can see, they put a lot of work into this place and were not thought to leave it as quickly as they did\". Margaret loved history and added the question of \"Why did they leave?\". The realty agent answered the question by saying that no one really knew. After that, they proceeded to the kitchen where Alyssa showed them the laundry shoot and other unimportant things. The agent showed them the study where they saw a piano and cassette player. \"This looks like a place for you Margaret\" chimed Kaitlyn. The piano was beautiful! Since she's been playing since she was nine, and the cassette player had plenty of classical music, she could see herself enjoying some time alone in this room. Next they were shown the attic upstairs. Alyssa handed them flash lights to look around while she stayed down stairs. They looked around for a bit... \"Shit!\" Margaret screamed as her flashlight landed on a porcelain doll that looked as if it had taken a beating and then been glued back together. Kaitlyn rushed over and burst out laughing. \"Is everything alright up there?\" Asked Alyssa as she stepped on the top stair. \"Everything's fine this damn thing just gave me a heart attack!\" The agent turned on her flashlight and shinned it on the glass trinket \"It must've belonged to a little girl that previously lived here, those people left in a hurry, so most of their things are still here.\" Kaitlyn brushed her hand against the doll's cheek \"This thing truly is creepy!\" taking note of this, she grabbed a blanket and placed it over the dolls face \"There, at least now we can bring stuff up here without being startled! ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ When they left the attic, Alyssa warned them about the doors tendency to shut on its own. \"It would be wise for one person to be up here at a time in case the door shuts, so you won't be trapped!\" The girls nodded and continued on to the child's room. \"This is the room of that kid who died in that fire right? I've heard that his spirit still haunts this place!\" Kaitlyn said nudging her friend in attempts to scare her. Alyssa laughed \"My dears, that's just pub and local talk. This house is as normal and ghost free as houses come!\" Kaitlyn continued \"I don't know, what if his spirit is in that doll in the attic!\" Alyssa laughed again and lead them to the room next door which was one of the two guest rooms and the room Kaitlyn claimed. The second guest room(in front of the first)was the one Margaret claimed for herself. \"You don't want the master?\" Alyssa asked Margaret. \"No, we both decided that we can just turn that one into a guest room, so we can be roughly beside each other.\" \"Plus that's where that woman hung herself right?\" Added Kaitlyn \"I don't know about you, but I don't want to stay in a room where someone took their life!\" Alyssa looked at the floor. \"Very well, then I will show you the outside area.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The agent took them outside and showed them the many rat traps spread out across the yard and around the house making sure they knew to check and empty them once a day. Although disgusted, the girls nodded and they went back inside. \"Well, that's about it. Any questions?\" They shook their heads. \"Then how about a cup of tea for everyone to celebrate your first house?\" Alyssa fixed them tea and asked them some questions about why they chose to live at the Heelshire estate. Kaitlyn spoke first \"Margaret's cousin suggested staying here if it was vacant. Then Margaret added \"Plus, there is a university in town called Alan Wood UN. We heard from many people that it was a great school for those who wanted to be teachers or child care specialist\". \"Oh yeah Alan Wood is a great school especially for those majors. Where did you say you were from again?\" Margaret replied while Kaitlyn enjoyed her tea \"We were both born and raised in Montana\". \"How interesting, we've had one other American who choose to live here. She too left rather quickly. Your ages?\" Wow this woman has a lot of questions . \" I'm 19, Kaitlyn is 20\". \"Ah to be young!\" Sighed the agent. They then basked in silence for a good twenty minutes until they heard a car horn outside. Kaitlyn put down her cup and retreated to the window pulling the blinds aside. \"It's the moving van, finally!\" Alyssa stood up \"Well since their here, I guess I'll go ahead and leave. I'll check up on you two the day after tomorrow, so you can get settled in some\". They walked the realty agent to her car, thanked her, and said their goodbyes. After she was gone they went to the moving van. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"Why don't we unpack some today and gradually get the rest within the next couple of days\" suggested Kaitlyn. \"School starts next week, so as long as we get everything out by then, I'm fine\". They told the driver that they just wanted to get what they needed for that night. \"No worries\" explained the driver \"My wife is on her way now to get me since it's getting dark, you guys look trustworthy enough for me to leave the van here\". He handed them the keys and his card for them to call him in the morning. His wife honked the horn and the man got in the car and left. It was now just the two of them. \"How about I make us some dinner?\" Asked Margaret. \"By dinner, you mean the frozen ones we bought at that grocery store?\" She laughed and continued \"We'll have to go get groceries tomorrow!\" After fixing \"dinner\", Kaitlyn went to watch a movie while Margaret went into the study. Time to relax for awhile . She went to turn the cassette player on. As she did the music blast from its speakers. \"WHAT THE HELL!\" She screamed quickly turning it off. She heard Kaitlyn in the living room \"You'll go deaf listening to music that loud!\" Margaret laughed \"I didn't choose this volume, it was already like this!\" She adjusted the cassette player to a lower volume and sat down. When the movie was over and when Margaret grew tired of listening to music, the girls went upstairs, took showers and headed off to bed. Margaret heard \"Goodnight Margaret!\" from Kaitlyn's room and she replied \"Night!\" At around Midnight, Margaret awoke to the sound of soft foot steps in the hall. She shrugged it off as either being Kaitlyn or rats. \"This is why it's important to check the traps\". After listening to the pitter patter for a couple more minutes, she fell back to sleep. So chapter 1 done! Yay! Feel free to criticize me(not to harshly though! I have a fragile heart!) Also, tell me if I have any facts from the movie wrong because I searched and watched the movie over and over again, but telling me would help me out. Wether or not I will add Brahms viewpoint, idk. I also have no idea how long this story will be, but it will get crazy(I know this for a fact). R&R; and thanks for reading :D[Chapter 3] Ok well, I myself decided to do a POV of Brahms. It won't be very long because I don't want to give hints about what's going to happen through out the story. I also won't make one until every other chapter or until I see it fit to out one in. There will also be a POV for Greta sometime, how that will happen you may ask, I guess you'll just have to wait and see :) CHAPTER 2! He could hear the sound of a car door shutting. Brahms went to one of the front bedrooms windows and slowly peered out its glass. He could see an older looking woman approaching the steps to his house. The man knew who it was, this woman brought those other families to his home. Brahms didn't like this woman. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ All the families she brought in never followed any of the rules to the house. The first family that moved in after his beloved Greta left were noisy and they forgot to check the traps. Thus, making him constantly battle the rats in the walls. Mummy and daddy wouldn't have been happy if they continued to do this... None the less, he quickly took care of them. The next few families that were brought in were not quite as bad as the first. He left the doll he patched up in his room where a young girl played with it, until she to left. However, the last family thought the doll to be \"creepy\" and put it in the attic. Brahms would bring the doll back, but this scared the family even more. It amused him when they were frightened, trying to figure out how the doll moved from place to place. His actions caused the mother of this family to go insane and take her life. After that incident, the house was once again quiet. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ He heard the front door open and quickly retreated to his hole in the closet. Using the walls, he went downstairs to see what the woman was doing. She was putting flowers in vases and setting them on tables. Next, she got a broom and swept the places where dust had collected. The lady, then brought out a mop and cleaned the floors. Brahms studied her every move from cracks in the walls. As soon as she had entered the house, she left. He went back upstairs to his perch behind the window and watched. Another car pulled into the drive way in front of the house and he assumed it held his houses new guest. From out the vehicle came two very young girls. One was taller than the other. The taller one had hair as black as the basement while the shorter one had light brown hair like the brownies mummy used to make. They were both very pretty, like dolls unwrapped at Christmas. Brahms watched them as the woman went and shook their hands. After they stood outside for a moment, the woman brought them inside and began talking to them about the house. Brahms quietly went back to the walls and downstairs. He listened as the girls cut up with one another and felt a sly grin forming behind his mask. The girls went into the kitchen and then the study. The girl with the black hair started talking about the brunette making her laugh. They looked mature, but he felt like they still had the tendency to act like children. Brahms continued watching them with fascination. When they went up to the attic, Brahms wanted to see what their reaction to his doll would be. The brunette screamed and said a naughty word when she saw his toy. Her friend laughed, but looked at his doll wearily. Don't cover it he warned . The black haired girl grabbed a blanket and covered the dolls face. Rule two had been broken. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Brahms soon learned the girls names to be Margaret and Kaitlyn(he also learned the woman's name, but he didn't care for her). After leaving the attic, the woman brought his guest to his bedroom. Kaitlyn asked about his accident in the fire and the woman told her it was pub talk like everyone else believed. If he wasn't so shy, he would step out his hiding place and slit that woman's throat open. But, that would scare his new dolls away and he didn't want that. The woman took Kaitlyn and Margaret to their bedrooms and then outside where they learned about the rat traps. They nodded their heads when the woman pointed to them, so Brahms assumed they would check them. After they spent some time outside, the woman brought them back in and made them tea. All the while Brahms continued to watch and listen. He learned their ages and why they moved to his house, he liked the idea of living with child care specialist. They would take care of him, he was sure of it. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Minutes past until Brahms heard yet another car pull into the driveway. Since his guest and the woman were down stairs, he went to his window to see who it was. Mum and dad taught him how to read, so he realized this was just a moving van. He went back to check on his guest and found that they were outside and that the woman had left. Not long after she was gone, the driver to the moving van left to. They were now alone. After deciding they would take in what they need, they unpacked and fixed themselves dinner. Brahms was getting hungry himself and was tired of eating the rats he fought, but they hadn't seen the list describing their task yet so he would have to settle for the vermin again tonight. When they finished eating, he saw Kaitlyn go into the living room and turn on the tv. He focused on what Margaret was doing and watched as she turned the cassette player on getting startled by its volume. Brahms was ok with her adjusting the volume this time since she wasn't used to it, but he wanted to listen too. When Margaret put a disc in, he instantly knew what it was. Gigue in G by W. A. Mozart one of his many favorites. He watched as Margaret closed her pretty blue eyes and relaxed to the sound of the music. Later on, while they took showers, he would peek in on them as they washed their fragile bodies with fragrant soap. The sweet smell of roses and strawberries filled his nose and he felt a small sensation of bliss. When they were finished, he went from room to room watching them as they put on their silky pyjamas before going to bed. Since he wanted to see them up close, he slipped into their rooms and stroked their hair and faces. To his amazement, their skin felt like that of a peach during the summer. Warm and soft. Brahms liked them. Ok well I disturbed myself a little while writing this lol. This wasn't exactly \"short\", but I enjoyed writing it. You might be wondering why I spelled pajamas pyjamas, well one of my British friends said that that's how they spelled it, so I figured since Brahms is from the U.K. he would probably spell it like that. The piano music Gigue in G by W. A. Mozart was referenced because I like it and the music Brahms listened to in the movie is not clearly stated. Chapter 3(which will go back to Kaitlyn and Margaret's POV) will be posted tomorrow! Thanks for reading :D[Chapter 4] Hello readers! Sorry I didn't post a chapter Wednesday when I said I would, but life has its way of well, getting in the way. Anyways, this chapter goes back to Margaret and and Kaitlyn's POV's. Also, to let everyone know, chapter one took place on a Tuesday. Thank you to all who reads this story :3 The next day, Margaret awoke to Kaitlyn yelling her name. She got up, rubbed her eyes and stepped into Kaitlyn's room across the hall. \"The hell Margaret!\" Kaitlyn yelled pointing to the dresser in front of her bed. Confused, Margaret followed her finger to where she found the porcelain doll staring in Kaitlyn's direction and began laughing. \"It's not funny! I woke up, saw that damn thing, and nearly threw my lamp at it!\" Margaret knew she didn't put it there which made this whole situation very creepy. \"You don't honestly think I put that thing in front of your bed do you?\" Even though she knew that was a stupid question seeing as she was the only other person there. \"Yes Margaret, the doll magically floated down the attic stairs, opened my door, and decided it liked the view from my dresser\". After laughing some more, she replied \"I swear to you it wasn't me...maybe...maybe the ghost of that little boy really does possess the doll!\". Margaret jumped on Kaitlyn's bed making ghost sounds. \"Stop it you weirdo! That doll seriously creeps me out! You and I both know you did it, so stop saying you didn't!\" Realizing she didn't want to keep arguing about this, Margaret left the bed, grabbed the doll and held it in her arms. Even though she knew she didn't do it, she eventually told Kaitlyn that she put the doll there in attempts to scare her. \"Was that so hard?\" Her friend said laughing. Once she apologized, she told Kaitlyn to get dressed so they could go to the store. Margaret went back to the attic and put the doll in a wooden chest. She starred at it's glass eyes and broken complexion. Even if it wasn't \"haunted\" she couldn't explain how it got in Kaitlyn's room and frankly didn't want to worry about it. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ After they were both dressed, they got in their rental car and drove down to the nearest grocery store in town buying 200 dollars(153.02 pounds) worth of food. Their parents each gave them a decent sum of money to start them off, but if they were going to pay off the house, buy groceries, and personal items, they needed to get jobs. \"We are going to have to start looking for jobs soon\" Said Margaret as she put another grocery bag in the trunk. Kaitlyn pulled out the newspaper she bought \"We can look through this sometime and maybe we'll find something good\". When they finished putting the groceries in the car, it was about lunch time, so the girls drove back home, brought the groceries inside, and fixed themselves lunch. They then called the moving van driver. When he got to their house, they began to unpack the rest of their clothes, toiletries, and some personal items. Margaret brought in her piano music and some of her books while Kaitlyn brought in the many bags of makeup she owned. They brought in many pots and kettles given to them by their parents and then they grew tired and decided that was enough unpacking for the day. \"We should be able to get the rest tomorrow\" Kaitlyn told the moving van driver. He responded with \"Ok sounds good to me! Call me when you're done and I'll get the van out your way\". Margaret waved goodbye and thanked the man as he left. \"Phew! I can't wait to be done!\" She told Kaitlyn. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Since they were already outside, they went around to the many rat traps and checked them. While most were clean, the ones closest to the house contained the nasty vermin. \"It's either you or our house!\" Claimed Kaitlyn putting the fourth rat they came across into a garbage bag. After checking the last trap, they put the rat bag next to the steps and sat down. Margaret felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned to find Kaitlyn running away saying \"You're it!\" \"You're such a child!\" Margaret called back as she took after Kaitlyn. Just because they were considered \"adults\" didn't mean they had to act like them all the time. The girls ran after one another until they grew tired of that as well. After checking the time, they found that they still had a little time before they needed to fix dinner. Kaitlyn got a call from her parents leaving Margaret to practice the piano for a little while. She ran her fingers down the pianos keyboard and sat down on its seat. First she played a practice song and then she went to the harder pieces. She pulled out \"Moonlight Sonata - III. Presto Agitato\" by L. van Beethoven from her music folder and was about to begin playing when Kaitlyn called her. Margaret found her sitting on the couch. \"Your parents want to see how you're doing\" Kaitlyn said handing her the phone. Margaret brought the device up to her ear. \"Hey!\" She heard her mom say \"How is everything going? We're over at Kaitlyn's house talking to her parents, so we wanted to check up on you!\" \"Everything's going great so far, the house is huge! I'm surprised we got it at such a low price.\" Her mom giggled. \"Wait, hold on your dad wants to talk to you\". She heard a little static from where they were moving the phone. \"Hey there kiddo! How's the U.K. Working out for ya?\" Said her father. He sounds so stereotypical! \"It's beautiful here, although it's a little difficult getting the hang of using pounds, but we'll get there\". Mr. Brewer chuckled and then said in a much more serious tone \"Don't go getting involved in drugs! You also better not be pregnant when we come to visit!\" Margaret looked over to see Kaitlyn covering her mouth trying not to laugh. \"Ok dad! Um...can you put mom back on the phone?\" There was some more static \"Sorry, you know how your dad over reacts, well we're glad you're getting settled in, call us when school starts! We love you!\" and they hung up. She didn't get the chance to see how her cousin Greta was doing. I'll just ask when I call back . Then she gave the phone back to Kaitlyn. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ It was around 7 O'clock when they got done talking to their parents. \"I'm feeling spaghetti for dinner tonight.\" Said Margaret walking into the kitchen. \"You're the master chef, cook what you want!\" Added Kaitlyn grabbing the ingredients from the fridge. When dinner was made, the two ate on the porch, while watching the fireflies. It was a little chilly, but the warmth of the spaghetti kept them warm. After having a long day, the ability to relax for a bit was a necessity. They finished eating and went back inside to take their showers. Then they said their goodnights and went to bed. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The same sounds that woke Margaret up the previous night bothered her as she tried to sleep. We might need to get rat poisoning if this continues! She began to doze off again when a loud crash came from downstairs. Jolting up, she opened her door and looked across the hall to Kaitlyn's room. It was closed meaning she wasn't downstairs. Her adrenaline began to rush. After grabbing a cane from her closet, she proceeded to go downstairs. Margaret looked in the living room and then the study. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary until she went into the kitchen. She turned the light on and there sitting on the counter, was the porcelain doll. At first, she was very scared and began walking back towards the wall. Wait, this must be payback from Kaitlyn! With this in mind, she walked back to the counter where the doll neatly sat. Margaret knelt down to meet the dolls eyes. After closer inspection, she noticed something partially sticking out from the dolls pocket. She pulled it out... \"It's a piece of paper?\" She opened it and saw that it was a list reading... 1. No Guest 2. Never Leave Brahms Alone 3. Save Meals in Freezer 4. Never Cover Brahms Face 5. Read a Bedtime Story 6. Play Music Loudly 7. Clean the Traps 8. Only Malcolm Brings Deliveries 9. Brahms is Never to Leave 10. Kiss Goodnight After reading the list, many things ran through Margaret's head. Who was Malcolm and why were these instructions so specific if they were made by a child? She was very confused and a little uneasy. What was this dolls story? \"So your names Brahms?\" Margaret said touching the dolls glass skin. She looked at the clock. It was already two in the morning and she still had things to do today. On top of that, the realty woman Alyssa was coming sometime today to help them finish unpacking and discuss some things with them. She didn't know what those things were, but she didn't want to have bags under her eyes when speaking to the bubbly woman. Margaret folded the paper back up, put it in Brahms pocket, and then left the kitchen. She saw no use in putting the doll back in the attic since it always managed to get out. Even though she had a good feeling Kaitlyn put the doll on the counter, she still felt a small sense of fear. Margaret left the kitchen making sure to turn off the lights. After she checked the rest of the rooms that were downstairs, she sleepily made her way back to her room and plopped on her bed falling asleep instantly. Yaaaaaaay chapter 3 is done! I'm starting to get the hang of writing again since I haven't written a story in awhile. I'm also watching the olympics while I write this, Rio did an amazing job on the opening ceremony! Anyways! We are starting to see Brahms making a more intense approach towards Margaret although don't fret, she doesn't get all the attention. I'm not going to say when I'll make chapter 4 because I don't know, but IT SHALL COME! Thank you all again for reading! I know I don't have many follows, but that's fine because people are reading my story so I'm happy![Chapter 5] Hey guys! Hope y'all are enjoying the story so far! We are slowly but surely getting to the good stuff ;D! (PLEASE READ! I want to assure everyone that I AM NOT nor WILL I EVER copy someone's story! I created the plot for my story and already know how everything will play out. I noticed today, while looking for FanFiction to read that I posted my prologue and it resembled that of another writers before me. That of course made me think \"AGH PEOPLE WILL THINK I AM COPYING THEM!\" So that is why I am telling you this, so you know that I didn't notice this until today. Ok sorry, I was freaking out for a moment there.) Margaret awoke the next morning to the smell of bacon. She tiredly got up and made her way downstairs where she found Kaitlyn preparing breakfast. \"Good morning!\" Beamed Kaitlyn. \"Morning...\" She responded. It was eight o'clock a.m. meaning she got six hours of sleep. Margaret groaned and made her way to the table where she sat down and began looking outside. As she looked, her gaze was brought to the silhouette of Brahms resting in the same place he was last night. She stared at him until Kaitlyn snapped her back to reality. \"Breakfast is ready!\" Said Kaitlyn putting her plate on the table. Margaret got up, fixed her plate, and then sat back down where she continued to glance at the doll as she ate. \"It was here when I came downstairs this morning.\" Kaitlyn said scooping up a spoonful of scrambled eggs and then glancing at Brahms. Of course Margaret already knew this seeming as she had a little 'meet and greet' with him earlier that morning. As she finished up her meal, she told Kaitlyn about how she heard a loud crash at around 1 a.m. Margaret told her about how she thought someone had broken in causing her to get out of bed and head downstairs. \"I checked the entire house and nothing seemed out of place until I walked in here to find Brahms sitting on the counter.\" \"Brahms?\" Asked Kaitlyn \"You named it?\" \"No...I was getting a closer look at him, when I noticed a small piece of paper peering at me from his pocket. When I took it out I realized it was a list describing what needed to be done to take care of him. It mentioned the name Brahms a few times so I figured that's what the things name was.\" Margaret decided to just show Kaitlyn the list instead of trying to explain. She got up, went to where Brahms sat and looked for the piece of paper she held earlier. \"It's not here!\" She said shocked. After fumbling in the dolls pockets a little more and coming up empty handed, she returned to her seat resting her head on her hands. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Kaitlyn began laughing. \"Ok! I will be honest with you, I put the doll on the counter, but I did it a couple minutes after you went to bed and I didn't slip any pieces of paper in it's pocket.\" She already had a hunch she put him there but her statement meant that the piece of paper had to have been put in the dolls pocket by its previous owner. One question still remained. \"If you put it there as soon as I went to sleep than what was that loud bang that woke me up at 1 in the morning!\" Kaitlyn shrugged \"It's an old house Margaret, it's bound to make noises.\" \"This wasn't just a regular rickety old house noise. It sounded like someone either dropped something or knocked something over. I wouldn't have gotten up in the first place if I thought it was just the house.\" She got up grabbed her and Kaitlyn's empty plates and put them in the sink. \"Maybe it was the rats.\" She heard Kaitlyn say from her chair \"We can go check the traps later\". What Kaitlyn was saying was true. Based on the size of the rats she's seen, it wouldn't be hard to believe that they had the capability to knock things over. She just needed to take a breath and stop freaking out about every little thing. Brahms was still giving her the chills however, so she picked him up and put him in the child's room. \"Stay!\" She commanded the doll as if it were a dog and she went back downstairs. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Once breakfast was done, the two went upstairs to get dressed. Alyssa called as they dressed saying she was on her way. Margaret headed downstairs and sat in the living room waiting for Kaitlyn to get done when there was a knock at the door. \"Hurry up Kaitlyn, Alyssa's here!\" She replied with a loud \"ok!\" and Margaret proceeded to the door. In came the realty woman wearing the same smile she wore the day they first met. \"How are you adjusting so far?\" The woman asked. \"We're adjusting pretty quickly. We have a few more things to get from the van and then we will be done!\" Alyssa congratulated her and said they should go ahead and get the rest. As they walked out the door, Alyssa asked where Kaitlyn was. Margaret told her she was still in her bedroom and they proceeded to the moving van. They grabbed the rest of Margaret's CD collection and some collectibles Kaitlyn had been gathering over the years. Kaitlyn joined them not long after they started and helped them grab the small amount of clothing that remained in the van. They then got some things to decorate their rooms with such as Margaret's lava lamp, dream catcher, and posters. Kaitlyn got her bean bag chair, posters, and rock collection that featured many different gemstones. They put most of their treasured things in the attic. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ It took them a little longer than expected, but they finally finished. Kaitlyn called the moving man and he came and took the van leaving an open grassy area where it was once parked. The trio went inside where they fixed some lunch, sat down at a table, and went straight into whatever Alyssa planned on talking about. \"Ok, so I have some good news for you ladies.\" She began \" I believe I might've found some possible job opportunities that will help you earn some money and not interfere with your class schedule!\" This was great news! Having jobs would allow them to save the money their parents gave them for emergencies and if it paid good, they could do some fun things like festivals. Not to mention they could start saving money to visit their parents during the holidays. They continued listening for more details. \"Kaitlyn, a friend of mine named Amy is a single mother looking for someone to watch her three year old daughter Olivia. I was going to tell you about it the other day but since you just moved in, I didn't want to bombard you with all of this. I talked to her yesterday and told her that you were studying to be a child care specialist and she said as long as you can deal with a three year old, you're hired\". Kaitlyn nodded \"Sounds great! When will I be working?\" \"Amy just started working at a café in town from 4-8p.m. On the week days, her sister Taylor can watch over her, but she works on the weekends. Basically, you'd be working Saturday and Sunday from 4-8 p.m. However, you won't have to work every weekend, Amy understands that you're a college student and that you might want to do some things on the weekends or go back to the U.S. to see your family. She wants to know if you could possibly start this Saturday and says she will go over details when you meet\". Kaitlyn replied with a simple \"ok\" and how she couldn't wait to meet Olivia. Then Alyssa turned her attention to Margaret who was fidgeting with her hands. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"Margaret, there is a spot at a pub in town that has recently become available. I have spoken with the manager who is also a friend of mine. Her name is Felicity and she needs another waitress\". Margaret grew confused \"Aren't I to young to work at a pub?\" Alyssa laughed \"Actually, you could've worked at a pub when you were 16 as long as you were supervised, so I don't think age matters. You're an adult now anyways.\" \"Alright, so when do I go in?\" \"Felicity scheduled an interview for tomorrow at 12 p.m. Even though I spoke to her and she seemed excited to have you as her server, we have to keep this professional which is why she is calling you in for an interview.\" Margaret said agreed and then asked when Alyssa thought she would be working. \"I told her about your college schedule and how you were pretty sure you have classes during the week and she said that she would probably assign you to work Friday and Sunday shifts from 5-10 p.m. You'd get paid £4.01 per hour at first, and if your work five hours, you'll make £20.05. Working two days would earn you £40.10 which would last you if you save up. Your salary also increases the longer you work there. You might have to work overtime some days to earn more, but I think you can handle it. Do you think that would work?\" It might be a little hard to get used to at first, but it was only five hours and that money could go a long way. Her and Kaitlyn already said they would combine the money except for some pocket change, so they should be alright. Plus, if she really needed to, she could pick up some extra hours. \"I think it will work.\" \"The real question ladies, is how will you get to work? You can't just use that rental car. Both of you work different shifts\". Kaitlyn answered her question. \"I got a call saying our cars are going to be dropped off tomorrow morning at 9. The place where we rented the car is very close to the airport are cars are going to be at, so we will just drop it off there\". Alyssa smiled and then looked at the clock. It was four in the afternoon. \"Wow look at the time! My husband is probably waiting for me to be getting home now. I told him I was going to come talk to you guys, but he is so stubborn and claimed he wanted to take me out to a nice dinner, so I'll be on my way, it takes me awhile to get back home and then awhile to get ready\". She laughed and then rose from her chair heading to the door. The realty woman said her goodbyes and made sure the girls knew she would check up on them every now and again. She then left and Margaret watched as her car disappeared in the forest. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"I didn't get to ask her how much I'd be paid.\" Said Kaitlyn as they went back inside. \"I'm sure Amy will tell you when you meet her Saturday\" assured Margaret. They both talked about how they would need to save money up for awhile and not go crazy on spending. Once they agreed, they sat in silence. \"What now?\" Asked Kaitlyn. \"Since we still have some time before dinner, maybe we can go explore some other places outside. Remember that pavilion thing we saw driving in? We haven't got to see it yet so maybe we can go check it out.\" Her friend drew open the curtain \"I don't know, it's getting kind of cloudy outside. It might start raining.\" \"If we are quick, we might be able to beat it before it starts\". Once she got Kaitlyn to agree. They went outside in search of the pavilion. When they found it, they walked along its bridge like structure. Pausing, the girls looked out at the large amount of land they owned. \"Shit! We didn't check the traps!\" Kaitlyn said as she left the pavilion. Margaret followed her to the first trap. It was clean, so they continued on to the others. They could hear thunder booming nearby and realized they needed to hurry up. All the traps were clear except one. Margaret felt a drop fall on her neck and then another. Soon it was pouring and since they were in the garden a little ways from the house, they had to make a break for it. Finally, they got back inside dripping wet. Kaitlyn gave Margaret the \"I told you so speech\", but they both shrugged it off and began laughing before going upstairs to put dry clothes on. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ After they dried themselves off, they went downstairs to eat. \"Why don't we just have left over spaghetti?\" Asked Margaret. \"That's fine with me! Where is it, I'll get it out and heat it up.\" \"I put it in the freezer.\" Kaitlyn went over to the freezer and looked inside \"Uh Margaret, it's not in here.\" \"What?\" began Margaret joining Kaitlyn at the freezer \"I could've sworn I put it in here.\" \"Then where the hell is it? Maybe you thought you did but actually threw it away.\" Said Kaitlyn going to the fridge to find something else. \"We have stuff for Sloppy Jo's.\" \"Then Sloppy Jo's it is!\" Margaret grabbed a pan from a cabinet and began browning the meat. Soon, the meat browned and they added the sauce making it creamy. They ate inside and listened to the rain hitting the window, the roar of thunder, and howl of wind. It was calming until the power cut out. Seriously They put their dishes in the sink and looked through all the cabinets until they found two flashlights. \"I don't know about you, but I am tired!\" Cried Kaitlyn shining her flashlight towards the stairs before going up. Margaret agreed and told Kaitlyn goodnight. She made sure Kaitlyn's door was shut before checking the child's room. Brahms was still there leaning against a pillow and she felt herself breathe. Maybe she was just going crazy. She left the door to the child's room open until she was creeped out by the dolls locked gaze and shut it again. Margaret shinned her flashlight to her drawer retrieved some pajamas, got changed, and went to bed. No noises of any type woke her that night and she slept peacefully. Chapter 4 done! I will go ahead and let everyone know that I won't be able to update until The weekend because school starts Tuesday and I have a quiz the second day(lucky me right) so I need to study! I don't know what we will be doing for the remainder of the week, so it would just be easier for me to update during the Weekend. In this chapter when I talked about the pavilion, I was talking about the place where Greta talked to Malcolm about Cole, but I didn't know what to call it xD. Chapter 5 will probably be from Brahms point of view(If you haven't noticed by the previous Brahms POV, I'm not that good at writing his!) Aside from that school will start for Margaret and Kaitlyn soon too, but I won't go through every day of their school life just pieces. The same goes for their work lives, I'll only add the important parts. Welp, that's it, thank you SO much for reading![Chapter 6] Hey guys! So it turns out that right now school is pretty laid back(thank goodness). That being said, I decided to go ahead and write a chapter. Also, I know I said I was doing a Brahms POV, but I think that I will just combine his with the girls POV because that sounds easier . \"Margaret! Hurry up we gotta get our cars!\" Kaitlyn yelled from downstairs. Margaret's eyes flew open and she jerked up rubbing them. Beside her, under the covers, she heard the crinkle of paper. \"Huh?\" She reached and felt around until she found it's smooth surface. After pulling it out she froze...it was the list of rules. \"The hell?\" She began before balling it up and throwing it in the trash can beside her bed. It wasn't worth worrying about. How did it get there exactly? She didn't know and didn't care since now it was in the trash. Margaret proceeded with her morning routine that consisted of brushing her teeth/hair, finding a pair of cute but not \"over the top\" clothing to wear, and spraying her rose scented perfume around her neck and arms. Once that was taken care of, she joined her friend downstairs. \"Are you ready?\" Questioned Kaitlyn waiting by the door. \"Don't rush me\" she replied recalling how long it took Kaitlyn to get dressed the previous day when Alyssa came to visit. Quickly, she grabbed her purse and proceeded to the door. \"Um, your shoes?\" Her friend reminded her. Right! Margaret hurriedly walked to the mat where she put her shoes. After grabbing them and tying them tight she went back to the front door. \"Alright let's go.\" Brahms Point of View He watched as she balled up the list he had placed, throwing it into the trash can. Was it so hard to follow the rules that were so finely printed before her in ink? What would it take to get through to her and Kaitlyn? Brahms needed to be more forceful in order to show them he was very much alive. He could tell that Margaret was feeling something just by her reactions towards his doll and the list he put in its pocket. Kaitlyn on the other hand remained unaware. He was fond of them both, but oddly felt more of a rush when Margaret was present. The woman played him songs on the piano and put the left over food in the freezer(the one vital rule she followed). She was often so close within his reach. If it wasn't for his shyness or the walls that separated them he would...no...he couldn't if he did that, she would run and he'd be alone. Waiting was all he could do. He had to continue to put pressure on the fact that the doll contained his eight year old self. Brahms wanted to see her put love and affection towards it to make sure she would treat him better than his pretty Greta did. His attention was brought back to Margaret as she was rushing from her room, downstairs, and then into the kitchen. \"What was she doing?\" He wondered. Kaitlyn called from the front door rushing the woman even more. She grabbed her shoes and they both rushed out. Brahms was left alone. The man went upstairs to Margarets room and retrieved the crinkled ball that was his rules. She needed to be punished for her continued abuse of these rules, but he didn't know how just yet. He could enclose her in the basement since she broke that rule more than once trying to contain the doll, but it was to soon. Plus, Kaitlyn would just come free her. It would take some thinking, but bad toys had to be punished. The Girls Point of View \"Are we getting close to the airport yet?\" Asked Margaret as she rolled the window down. \"Yes, it should be just past this stop light\". Once arriving to the airport, they first dropped of the rental car and paid for its use. Afterwards they waited for their cars to arrive. Kaitlyn ran up to her brand new Jeep that was given to her as a \"Going of to college\" present while Margaret stared at her beat up red pickup truck given to her by her grandfather. \"I honestly don't know why you like that piece of junk.\" Snorted Kaitlyn as she unlocked her car. \"Well, this truck and I have been through a lot in the states, so why not have many adventures in the U.K.?\" Then they both got in their cars and returned home. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ After they got home, it was about time for Margaret to go to her interview with Felicity. Kaitlyn wished her luck and she was off. It took her awhile to find the pub called \"Mary Kay's\". On its porch sat a very pretty blonde woman who's hair was tied back in a French braid. She looked to be in her late 40's. Margaret left her truck and proceeded to the porch. \"Are you Felicity?\" She shyly asked the bright smiling woman. \"That's me. Are you the young lass Alyssa talked to me about?\". She nodded her head. \"Well you're a pretty little thing aren't ya, should fit in right nice in this place. Come on in.\" Margaret followed the woman inside the clean and organized pub. She was a little shocked since she thought it would be messier. Felicity took her to what she called an \"office\" (which was really just a large table in the kitchen) and began asking her the usual questions you would expect during an interview. Things like, Why do you want to work here? How will you benefit the pub? And Will you be willing to work overtime? Were thrown at her and answered with ease. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ It was then her turn to ask questions about her work place. At first she kept them simple asking about the pay and promotions, but then her thoughts were brought back to her current home and all the weird shit that's been happening. \"I am sure Alyssa's told you that my friend and I are currently staying at the Heelshire estate. What exactly do you know about it.\" Felicity looked at her then laughed \"Working in this place, you'll here lots of shit about that place and the original family that lived there. Don't listen to it! Mr. Heelshire would come here a lot after that fire broke out killing his son Brahms\". \"His sons name was Brahms!\" \"Yes and what a sweet boy he was too. I was in my twenties at the time, but when I wasn't working, his daddy would bring him over to talk to me. Sometimes he would bring me little treats and then tell me about his little crush on his childhood friend Emily. Until, that awful day when she went missing only to be found dead. The tragedy didn't end there though-\" \"He was the boy that perished in the fire...\" Margaret said hugging herself. Felicity rubbed her arm assuring her that his death happened a long while ago. She knew she had to tell her about the doll. Kaitlyn wasn't seeing what she saw. \"Um...\" she began \"When my friend Kaitlyn and I first moved into the house, we went into the attic. There, we found a pretty beaten up doll. At first, I thought nothing of it and Kaitlyn covered it so we wouldn't get spooked whenever we went up there, but strange things are beginning to happen...\" The woman interrupted her \"Well, after the fire...Mr. And Mrs. Heelshire were really never the same. They lost a child for crying out loud I wouldn't blame em', but when Mr. Heelshire came to the pub...he would talk about how his son IS such a playful boy. This confused me of course seeing how he was dead, so I asked him about it and that's when he showed me a picture of him, his wife, and...the doll\". \"You don't think Brahms is...living...in the doll do you?\" Margaret nervously asked. \"Nonsense! If ya listen to the rumors floating around here lass, you'll find yourself more confused than when you ignored them.\" This concluded the interview. Felicity told Margaret that she would start this coming Sunday and that she was glad to have her on her crew. Margaret hugged her, but before she walked out the door, Felicity added... \"Oh and Margaret, please don't talk about any of which we discussed in front of the customers, we don't want to fuel their lies.\" Margaret nodded and went back out to her truck. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"That lasted longer than I thought!\" She claimed looking at the time on her phone. It was about 4:30. Her and Felicity had a long chat about Brahms, but she still had an uneasy feeling about this whole situation. She unlocked her truck and got in. As she searched for the keys, she received a call from Kaitlyn. \"Hello?\" She greeted. \"Margaret!\" Kaitlyn yelled. This instantly put her on edge. \"What's wrong!\" She replied into the speaker. \"It's crying!\" Kaitlyn said frantically. \"What the hell are you talking about?!\" Kaitlyn said in a more scared voice \"I had just gotten done with my shower when I heard a faint cry. It sounded like it was a child. At first I shrugged it off as my mind playing tricks on me, but then it got louder! I didn't know what it was so I wrapped my towel around myself and opened my door. When I walked past the child's room, it stopped! I opened the door expecting some creep to be within, but it was empty!\" \"That's bullshit Kaitlyn! You're the only one in the house!\" \"I don't think I am! Just get your ass back down here quick! I'm scared!\" Then the line went blank. What the hell is going on! She cranked her truck and sped down the street although not to fast because getting a ticket at this time wouldn't be good. After she pulled into the driveway, she ran out and up the stairs to the house. She flung the front door open and sprinted up the stairs. \"Kaitlyn!\" She screamed. \"In here!\" Came a reply coming from Brahms room. She entered to find Kaitlyn staring out the window towel still wrapped around her. \"What happened!\" \"Nothing, I just gave myself a scare.\" \"Dammit!\" Margaret shouted \"You called me sounding like you were being stabbed to death by a psychopath and now you're saying you 'spooked' yourself? I'm not buying it so what happened!\" Her friend began to face her \"I think I believe you now...\" As she turned Margaret noticed something in her hand. No! In Kaitlyn's hand was the list she threw away this morning only it looked as if it were smoothed out by someone possibly Kaitlyn? \"Wha-Where did you get that?\" She asked lip quivering. \"When I made sure Brahms room was clear, I went back in my room to get dressed but was disturbed yet again only this time by the sound of feet running across the wooden floor. I walked out into the hallway to notice the sound coming from his room again. This time when I opened the door, he...he was sitting on the edge of the bed holding this piece of paper\". \"Oh my God!\" Margaret claimed covering her mouth. \"What are we going to do?\" Asked Kaitlyn. \"I think, we should start following those rules! But, we can't tell anyone because they will think we are crazy, heck we might be!\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ After the incident had passed, the two went to fix dinner bringing Brahms along with them. Margaret found it strange, it just didn't feel right feeding a doll, but if that's what the boy wanted then they were going to put their training to use and take care of him. Tonight's frozen dinner was eaten in silence. They had read over the rules and understood what needed to be done. \"This is to much, I can't finish this.\" Kaitlyn said pushing her food aside. \"Then put it in the freezer like the list says\" replied Margaret. It would take some getting used to, but they would eventually get the hang of things. When dinner had been eaten and all leftovers saved, the girls tiredly went upstairs to bed. \"Wait!\" Began Kaitlyn as she looked at the list \"Rule 10. Goodnight Kiss...you can do the honors\". Kaitlyn gave Brahms over to Margaret who held him like he was a fine piece of China...or well he is. She brought him to his room and tucked him under his covers. As she looked into his eyes the confusion and uneasiness grew. \"Goodnight Brahms\" Margaret cooed as she caressed his hair, but she couldn't bring herself to kiss him thinking she was going crazy. Rule ten her tale, this was something she couldn't do yet. She returned to bed and cut out the light. Yet another phone call came from beside her bed. The tired girl listened to see if it were ringing in Kaitlyn's room, but it wasn't. Carefully, she picked it up and placed it against her ear. In a child-like voice, it spoke. \"Silly Margaret\" Margaret hung the phone up and plopped her head against her pillow releasing all the uneasiness and confusion through tears until she fell asleep. Brahms Point of View As he watched his prey sleep, a thought ran through his head... Don't mistake my kindness for weakness. I am kind to everyone, but when someone is Unkind to me, weak is not what you are going to remember about me. He felt like he was telling her this. Like he was a conscience deep within her mind. Brahms had made her and her friend understand his conditions. He understood why Margaret didn't give him his kiss however much he wanted it. All this was new to her, so of course it would take time, but not to much time he hoped. He used Kaitlyn to spark her beliefs about the ghost boy because he learned that she wouldn't believe in him had not another shared those beliefs. The man crawled back into his room within the walls and then into his old tattered bed. Sleep is what the beast craved. Woah! Guys I know things are coming along slow, but all of this is important for the plot. That quote Brahms said in the last paragraph, was by Al Capone so don't think I own it. I thought this quote spoke a lot about Brahms. Nonetheless, I hope you enjoyed this chapter more shall come and Margaret's doubt about Brahms will lead her and Kaitlyn into a sticky situation. Who knows when I'll update but it won't be longer than a week. Pardon the grammatical errors because I have been writing this for almost three hours and it's 12:15 a.m. Read and review please and thanks![Chapter 7] Hey guys! SnowWolf15 here. I am so sorry about not updating in awhile. The reason for this is that school is very demanding. I've literally had no spare time to write/update any of my sotries! Rest assured, come summer, I will definitely start back up and even make two new stories, so stay tuned! There will be NO story left unfished! I promise! I want to thank everyone for being patient! Thank y'all! 3 ","Summary":" Prologue : Hello everyone! After I watched \"The Boy\" I couldn't pass up the opportunity to create"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"Remain","Author":"Nikkette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12541892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I know I probably shouldn't be posting this, as I have plenty of other stories that need finishing, but I figure what the heck, if I don't post it now I probably never will. I loved The Boy and was disappointed in the lack of GretaxBrahms FanFictions (well, non-M ones that is) so I made this. Hope you enjoy. I'll try and post the next chapter as soon as possible. Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. You wanted to play, the coldness follows This isn't a game, your life I'll swallow And I can't help but smile at your pain You wanted to play but I already won KoRn – Lullaby For A Sadist~ Chapter one: No Escape~ There was nothing she could do. Greta watched in horror as Brahms locked his hands around Malcolm's throat and slammed him down, smacking his head into the ground. Brahms, whom she had thought was dead. Gone. Burned alive. A spirit inside a doll . The boy she had been tasked with taking care of was right in front of her, very much real, very much alive, choking the life out of the man she had come to consider a friend. And there was nothing she could do to help him. Greta squirmed in the tight crawlspace, frantically twisting around to face the trapdoor behind her. She pushed against it with all her might, ramming her elbow into the aged wood again and again as she tried to ignore Malcolm's screams and focus on getting away to find help. Seeing that her efforts were having no effect, she backed up onto her hands and kicked at it, adding more force each time she drew back. Still, it wouldn't budge. Panicking, she lurched forward and spread her jittery hands across the door, splinters poking at her skin as she tried to find an opening or latch of some sort- And that's when the screaming stopped. She froze, body going rigid as the breath seized in her lungs. She slowly pulled her hands away from the trapdoor, swallowing as she timidly turned around. Brahms was crouched over Malcolm's unmoving body, a metal object in his hand. His harsh, angry breaths were amplified by his mask, and Greta could only stare at the horrifying scene before her. The sudden silence was deafening, and the only thing she could really hear was the sound of her own heart beating, terrified, in her chest. Brahms dropped his weapon, a loud, scraping clang ringing out as it hit the floor. She jumped, a short, involuntary scream bursting from her lips, and she immediately wished she had stayed quiet; his head snapped towards her, eyes locking with hers through the set of thick pipes running across the skinny crawlspace – the only thing truly separating them - and any and all urges she had to make noise ceased to exist. \"...Greta?\" He called, his child-like voice echoing through the crawlspace. Tears pricked at her eyes and her lip began to tremble, her body shaking uncontrollably as the fear turned her muscles to lead. \"Greta, come back,\" he called again, leaning down past the pipes to crawl after her. She squeezed her eyes shut, willing it all to just be a dream and go away, hoping that she would wake up and find herself safe in bed. \"Greta?\" Except that it wasn't a dream, and the danger she was in was very real. Greta slowly opened her eyes and blinked away her tears, sniffling. Brahms was only a few feet away from her, staring curiously yet intently at her. His tall frame blocked her exit, her only means of escape with the door behind her being unwilling to open, and she tried to not completely break down right then and there. \"Greta, please come back,\" he coaxed. \"I'll be good. I promise.\" He held out his hand, and Greta instinctively shrank away from it. Seconds passed, and she half-expected him to lose his patience and come dragging her out of her hiding place. But more time went by, and nothing happened. She sat there, tense as a spring and ready to react at even the slightest movement, but nothing came. He just stared at her, unmoving, with his hand extended towards her. \" Please , Greta,\" he pleaded. \"Don't run away.\" His eyes looked almost sad, as if he would be heartbroken if she ran away, but she had seen enough of his true self to know better than to believe the facade he put on in front of her. She took in a shaky breath, trying to weigh her options. She supposed she could try to run, feign compliance and then bolt for the nearest exit at the first opportunity. But there was no guarantee she would actually be able to escape; Brahms was much stronger and faster than he looked, she had seen that, and in all likeliness her attempt would fail miserably. She would only cause him to become angry, maybe even hurt her, despite his obsession with her. And even if she did escape, even if she was able to get away and alert the authorities, there was no assurance that Malcolm would still be alive; Brahms could very well kill him in his anger if she left. Even the best-case scenario wasn't a good one. Regardless of how many ways she tossed it, however, regardless of all the different angles she tried to work and scenarios she played out in her head, it all boiled down to two facts: if she agreed to go with him, there were at least a few different possibilities as to what she could do for herself and Malcolm. In this crawlspace, there were none. Besides, she assured herself, Brahms wasn't like other boys. Or in her case, other men. He liked rules, structure, order. And if she followed the rules, complied with his wishes, he wouldn't hurt her...hopefully. Either way, if she ever hoped to get out of this alive, the smartest thing to do was play along. Taking a deep breath, Greta slowly inched forward, keeping her legs in front of her as she crawled towards Brahms. He cocked his head to the side, as though puzzled as to why she chose to move that way, but didn't drop his hand. He waited, patient as a fox as she made her way toward him. She stopped when her legs were within touching distance, pausing for a moment to see if he would try to grab her and drag her out, and when he didn't, she pushed herself forward and hesitantly – ever so hesitantly – laid her hand in his. A smug look of triumph passed over his eyes, and Brahms gently closed his fingers around hers, slowly backing up and leading her out of the small crawlspace. She fearfully followed, her movements jerky from the dying adrenaline running through her system. Her eyes found Malcolm's body as she crawled out of her hiding place, relieved when she saw that he was still breathing. Nothing seemed to be wrong with him other than a nasty gash on his forehead, and with any luck, he would live. They both would. Brahms stood up and, still holding her hand, tugged her to her feet. She bowed her head, not wanting to look at him, and wordlessly allowed herself to be led back through the maze of the wall cavity. They stepped out through the broken shutters Brahms had crashed through to get to she and Malcolm, emerging in the reading room. She looked around at all of the books and shelves that lined the walls, at the chairs she used to sit herself and Brahms – the fake Brahms, she reminded herself – in to read, and felt an aching longing for the boy she had loved so much just hours before. She was broken from her reverie when Brahms dropped her hand, and she flinched back in surprise when she saw the way he was staring at her. Though she could only see his eyes, it was obvious that he was admiring her. His gaze swept over her face, taking in every little detail, and she had to turn away from the intensity of it. It could almost be described as genuine affection, but she knew better than to confuse obsession with love. She let out a shaky breath, trying to calm herself. Brahms lifted a hand to her face, and she jumped at the sudden contact. He weaved his fingers through her hair, stroking her cheek with his thumb. His touch was soft and gentle, but she didn't trust it for a second. She remained as still as possible as he inspected her. He moved his masked nose to hover over her hair, and she could hear him as he inhaled deeply. He leaned closer and brought his other hand to her neck, and she couldn't help it when she took a tiny step back. She wanted nothing more than to put some space between them, unnerved with the direction things seemed to be headed, but he was having none of it; with every inch she backed away, he pushed forward with twice as much eagerness. Every step she took was matched with two of his own, and she gasped as he pushed her into the wall and dipped his head into the crook of her shoulder. He slowly trailed his porcelain nose up her neck and past her jawline, taking up every inch of personal space she had as he breathed her in, and she remained completely frozen, unsure of what she should do. She didn't know how much farther she should allow her current situation to escalate; she didn't want to overreact and cause Brahms to get angry, but she also didn't want him to think he could just do whatever he wanted with her either. But she knew she had to do something . She remained stock-still as Brahms continued his ministrations, running his masked face down the other side of her own as he played with the strands of her hair. She contemplated just suffering through it (after all, she supposed he wasn't really doing anything wrong ) but when his left hand began to trail from her neck to her waist, she decided she'd had enough. She timidly moved to grab the offending hand, but he paid her silent warning no mind as he pushed back the edge of her cardigan and slipped his fingers past the barrier of cloth. With no other options, she decided to resort to the only thing she could think of that would get him to stop. \"Brahms!\" It was a knee-jerk reaction, a panicking way for her to get his attention. But it worked. Brahms jerked back, startled at her shout of his name, and pulled away to stare at her with slightly wide eyes. \"It...it's time for bed now.\" She said, giving him a serious look. Brahms seemed a bit shocked at her choice of words, but didn't make any sounds or movements to indicate that he was angry with her for it. Still, there was no sense in giving him time to think it over. \" Now , Brahms.\" She said, trying to sound authoritative. \"You know the rules.\" Brahms stared at her, motionless, and there was a single, heart-stopping moment of silence where she thought he might decide he had other plans for how the night should go, but in the end, her knowledge of his like for rules and order paid off. He shifted on his feet and slowly nodded his obedience, but she didn't allow herself to feel relieved until his fingers slipped out of her hair and he stepped away. She walked past him to the edge of the room, where she turned and stood at the doorway, waiting for him. He stood watching her for a moment, seeming to consider whether or not he should listen to her, but ultimately moved to follow. She led him up the stairs and down the hall to his room, turning on the lights and moving to pull back the covers of his bed. She turned and waited for him to climb in, but he made no such move to do so. He just stood there by the doorframe, shifting uncertainly on his feet. She realized that the sudden change in behavior she had exhibited must have seemed suspicious if nothing else, and she quickly decided that reassurance was her best route to get him to let his guard down. \"Come on, Brahms,\" she said sweetly, smiling. \"It's time to go to sleep now.\" She felt as though she were coaxing a puppy into its cage. A very twisted, psychotic puppy, but a puppy nonetheless. Seeming to decide that her intentions weren't harmful, Brahms idled by the doorway a few moments longer before walking over to his bed and getting in. Greta grabbed hold of the covers and tucked him in, trying to keep her happy disposition in place as she avoided staring at that porcelain face. \"Now you go straight to sleep, okay?\" She said softly, looking down at him. He said nothing in response, and she took that as her cue to leave. \"Kiss,\" he called suddenly, boyish voice cracking. She froze, hands still at the hem of the covers, and made sure to keep her voice as soft and disarming as possible. \"No, Brahms. Not tonight. It's your punishment, I'm sorry.\" A beat of silence passed and she turned to leave, but a sudden hand on her wrist stopped her from going any further. Her breath hitched and she cautiously turned to face him, looking first at the fingers wrapped firmly around her wrist and then to the face (or rather, mask) of its owner. She took in a sharp breath when she noticed the way his eyes had changed; they were darker, more malicious, dangerously determined. And she knew she was in real trouble. \" Kiss ...\" He said again, voice dropping to a low, masculine whisper. Greta wasn't stupid. She knew that the hold he had on her – though fairly gentle – was a warning; if she didn't give him what he wanted, and right now, she could very well end up like Malcolm. There was no negotiating, no way out, no choice, though he may have tried to give her the illusion of it. No, there was only one thing she was allowed to do in that moment: follow the rules. She turned to face him fully and stepped forward, slowly, hesitantly. The hold on her wrist loosened until it was nonexistent, and she comforted herself with the thought that it would all be over soon. Just a quick kiss, and she was out of there. She had to follow the rules. Brahms laid back down when he was confident she wouldn't deny him what he wanted, and she mentally prepared herself for what she was about to do. Bracing her hands on the mattress on either side of his head, she slowly began to lean down towards his face. The hand he had used to grab onto her wrist trailed up her arm and into her hair, fingers weaving up the back of her neck and sending unpleasant shivers down her spine. His other hand came to rest at her shoulder, gripping the fabric of her cardigan, and she tried desperately to keep herself from panicking at the close contact. Steeling herself, she continued to lean down. Apparently she wasn't moving fast enough for him, because Brahms leaned up and met her more than halfway, his porcelain lips pressing into her own. She widened her eyes, shocked beyond words as he suddenly fisted his hands in her hair and clothes, eliciting a small squeak from her as he pulled her down onto the bed with him. She could feel his quickened breath against her skin as he kissed her, and she struggled to figure out what to do. Should she kick him? Hit him? Tear herself away and run? Scream? She had to do something! But just as she was deciding on which of those four options to take, Brahms stopped. He let go of the fabric around her arm and let his hand slide from her hair, and she pulled away. Greta looked at him, speechless as she leaned over him. They both stared at one another, trying to regain their breath (though for very different reasons). It seemed like an eternity had passed between them, though it had only been a few seconds, and she blushed in embarrassment at what she had just allowed to occur. Looking away, Greta slowly pushed herself off of the bed and stood up, still processing what had just happened. Numbly, she walked over to the doorway and rested her hand on the button for the lights, keeping her eyes on the floor as she angled her face towards Brahms. \"Goodnight,\" she whispered, not really knowing what else to say. She pushed the button when she received no response, and once the room was bathed in darkness, she quickly moved to close the door. She hurried to her own room just across the hall, locking herself in the moment she was inside, and slumped against the door. Tears filled her eyes and she began hyperventilating, the stress and panic from the night's events finally catching up with her. What was she going to do? How was she going to get Malcolm and leave the house without Brahms knowing? How could she possibly make things play out so they had a happy ending? A loud, sudden sniffle escaped her, and she hastily covered her mouth, afraid that Brahms might hear her and decide to investigate. She couldn't even cry in privacy. What made her think that she could do anything that would benefit her and Malcolm? What made her think she could do anything at all? But there has to be something, she stubbornly thought . There has to be. Wait , her mind told her. There's nothing you can do but wait . Wait? As in, do nothing for an extended period of time? What good would that do? The longer she waited, the more likely it was that something else terrible would happen, either to her or Malcolm, or both. But...it was also too soon for Brahms to be caught off guard. Though he acted meek and simple-minded in front of her (when they were alone, that was), she knew there was a storm of intricate thoughts and calculations and ill-intended manipulation going on inside his head, and that wasn't something to be trifled with so soon. She shakily sighed, knowing that her gut was right. She would wait. She would stay up, wait until Brahms fell asleep, then get Malcolm and go. Yes. That was what she would do. Greta scooted over and propped her head against her dresser, huddling up in a little ball as she made to carry out her plan. She would wait just until he fell asleep. Just until he fell asleep...[Chapter 2] A/N: 06/29/2017 TheFantasyRocker : I know, right! Like why aren't there more GretaxBrahms fics out there? Lol thanks for your review! I'm glad you like it so far :) Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. You appear even-tempered though your looks will deceive And the sparks are always flying 'cause you drink for relief With the heart of a child and the wit of a fool It's a wonder why I don't try to build a wall around you Half Moon Run – Full Circle~ Chapter two: Rough Morning~ Greta slowly opened her eyes, blinking herself awake. The dull gray of morning shone through the windows of her room to greet her, and she tiredly grunted as she raised a hand to shield her eyes from the harsh light. She stared at her surroundings, at the dressers and mirror and clothes haphazardly flung about the room, at her bed a few yards in front of her... Her bed. Why wasn't she in her bed? What was she doing slumped against one of her dressers- She gasped, lurching into an upright position as the past night's events came rushing back to her. Cole dying, the doll breaking, Brahms revealing himself, Malcolm lying unconscious in the wall cavity, crying herself to sleep... Brahms , she thought. A feeling of sick stillness bloomed in her stomach, traveling up her throat and filling her mouth with a stale taste. Eyes widening, she stood up and unlocked her door, making haste as she ran down the hall and into the bathroom. She threw open the door, not bothering to close it as she dove for the toilet. She emptied the contents of her stomach almost violently, the muscles of her abdomen lurching painfully as she vomited. When it was over, she slumped against the toilet, body relaxing as she focused on normalizing her breathing. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. In... She closed her eyes, the cool ceramic helping to calm her nerves. She could have stayed in there forever, just lying by the toilet and pretending that nothing bad could happen to her as long as she hid in the bathroom. But she knew that she couldn't. Because Malcolm was still out there, and she had to save him. She had to do something to help him. She had to do something . Nodding to give herself reassurance, Greta shakily stood up from the toilet. She looked down at her vomit, the sickly smell almost causing her to puke again. She wrinkled her nose and reached towards the lever to flush it down, but thought better of it; she didn't want to make any noise that would alert Brahms. Lowering the toilet lid as quietly as she could, she cautiously walked to the open doorway and peeked out into the hall. Seeing that no one was there, she stepped out and made her way to Brahms' bedroom. She swallowed nervously as she rested her hand on the doorknob, almost feeling the need to run back to the bathroom again. She twisted it slowly to make as little noise as possible, and, preparing herself, cautiously opened the door and peeked inside. She expected to see a masked man asleep in a child's bed, but what she saw was... Nothing. There was nobody there. Greta opened the door the rest of the way, expecting to see Brahms sitting in the corner or possibly looking out the window, but he wasn't even in the room. Everything was put away in its place, nothing appeared to have been moved or messed with, and the bed was neatly made, as though no one had ever touched it. Just as she was beginning to grind the gears in her brain as to where Brahms could have gone, a loud clanging rang up through the hall and into her ears, like that of pots and pans. She jumped, surprised at the sudden sound, and turned towards the end of the hallway. She walked down the multiple flights of stairs, careful not to make any noise as she did so, and quickly assessed that the source was coming from the kitchen. It must have been Brahms. It had to be. But what would he be doing there? Ignoring her nausea, she gradually made her way down to the kitchen, idling by the doorway for a moment or two before turning the corner and peeking inside. Brahms stood at the counter with his back to her, busying himself with...well, what seemed to be- Breakfast? She asked herself, stepping closer. The thought shouldn't have struck her so odd, but the image of a mentally ill man pretending to be an eight-year-old boy making breakfast just...well, it just wasn't something she'd picture happening at all. Let alone right in front of her. Strangely entranced by the scene before her, Greta took a few steps further into the kitchen, stopping just shy of the table. Brahms must have sensed her presence, because he abruptly stopped what he was doing (peeling fruit, from the looks of it) and slowly turned to face her. A long bout of silence ensued once their eyes locked, and she steeled herself for whatever was about to happen. Surprisingly, the look he gave her wasn't malicious; if anything, it was surprise, pure and simple, and in that moment it was as if she wasn't staring at a psychotic killer, but at a young boy who had been caught trying to surprise his nanny with a healthy breakfast. Greta's mouth fell open, trying to find words to break the awkwardness of the situation. \"Uh- um...I...I- I thought you were still in bed,\" she stuttered, failing miserably as she tried to smile and throw her thumb in the direction behind her. \"I...went to wake you, but...you weren't there. Ha.\" Brahms gave no form of response to her bumbling sentence, not so much as a grunt or even a blink. Instead, he looked hastily between her and the food he had been preparing on the counter, as though not quite sure what to do now that she was awake. He clearly hadn't planned on her being up so soon, and she hadn't planned on him being awake either. It was an awkward standstill they were in, but he didn't let it last long. Without warning, Brahms dropped the knife he'd been using and swooped forward, crossing the distance between them in a single stride. Greta gasped and fearfully jumped back, adrenaline spiking as she prepared to defend herself. However, Brahms never touched her; instead, he reached for the chair tucked into the head of the kitchen table beside her and pulled it out. He gestured to it like a gentleman would a lady and stepped back, clearly wanting her to sit down. Deciding it would be easier to simply comply, she let herself relax and hesitantly stepped forward, eyes never leaving his as she cautiously took a seat. Once he was certain she would stay in her place, Brahms eagerly turned back to the counter and continued what he was doing, disposition downright happy as he picked up the knife and went back to peeling the fruit. Greta tensely waited, impatiently tapping her finger on the table to try and calm her queasy stomach. She glanced back at the doorway where she had come in, thinking of Malcolm. She hoped Brahms hadn't done anything to him. She wondered if he was still passed out in the wall cavity, or if he had been moved at some point in the early morning to another location. Maybe he woke up and went to get help, she thought hopefully . But one look at the back of the man in the kitchen with her, and she knew better than to believe the comforting lie she'd just told herself. Of course Brahms wouldn't take that chance. He was smarter than that. Surely he would have moved him by now. Someplace she wouldn't know about or be able to get to. Still, she had to be sure. I'll check when the time is right , she decided. I need to know if Malcolm is still here. And if he is, I'm getting us out of here . The sound of ceramic scraping against polished wood yanked her from her thoughts, and she saw that Brahms was done preparing the food. He walked over and set the plate down in front of her, and she stared speechlessly at the meal he had fixed for her as he moved to sit in the next empty seat over. A peanut butter and jelly sandwich sat on her plate, complete with a glass of orange juice and a side of fruit. Her favorite. What if it's poisoned? Her mind warned. What if he put something in there to make you pass out? Or die?! She bit her bottom lip, thinking it over. ...No, she decided. If he was going to poison me he would have done it the first time. I think this is just a show of good will. Turning her head ever so slightly, she chanced a look at Brahms; he seemed a bit nervous, as though he was afraid she wouldn't like what he had made for her, but other than that, he exhibited no behavioral signs that would indicate he had done something dastardly to her food. Of course, then again, she was no expert where psychopathic man-children were concerned. It was probably safe, she reasoned. After all, if he wanted her dead, she would be lying in that crawlspace along with Malcolm right now, not sitting in the kitchen with a plate of perfectly good food in front of her. She shifted slightly in her seat, waves of nausea rolling through her stomach despite her protests. She really didn't feel like eating. Hell, she didn't even trust herself enough to move without wanting to barf. But Brahms had made this specially for her, and she wasn't stupid enough to even think of declining such a 'generous' gift. She had to do this. Taking hold of the edges of her plate and pulling it closer, Greta picked up the sandwich. She slowly raised it to her lips, discreetly sniffing it just to be sure there was nothing 'off' about it, and cautiously took a bite. It tasted perfectly normal. No odd crunches or foreign objects or weird aftertastes. It was just a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Reluctance gone, she swallowed and took another bite, chewing without worry. She was hungry – so very hungry - but the lingering nausea in her stomach prevented her from eating at a regular pace. She was so focused on keeping her food inside her mouth that she didn't notice Brahms staring at her for the longest time, and when she finally did, she was already working on her peeled fruit. He watched her intently the entire time she ate, as though mesmerized, and she quickly worked to finish the rest of her food to escape that discomforting stare. When her plate was clean and her glass was empty, Greta slowly stood up from the table and picked up her dishes, intent on walking over to the sink to wash them and put them away. She turned on the tap and grabbed a rag, wetting it down with warm water and squirting a bit of dish soap onto it. She started on the plate first, setting the glass down in the sink for later, and watched disinterestedly as a fair amount of suds began to form as she scrubbed. She almost felt like laughing at the silliness of it; she never thought she'd feel so eager to do the dishes. The sound of Brahms sliding out of his chair reached her ears like nails on a chalkboard, loud and ominous, and she froze in place as he rounded the table and made his way over to her. Her mind went spiraling; had she done something wrong? Was she not supposed to get up yet? Had she broken a rule? He came to stand at her right, his silence only causing her to become even more frightened. She turned her head as slowly as possible, trying to be discreet. She stared at the bare feet of the man towering over her, too afraid to meet his eyes, and prepared herself for whatever was about to happen. Brahms reached over and she shut her eyes, steeling herself for pain- But nothing came. Greta cracked open her eyes when she felt a tug on the plate she was holding, and she stared in disbelief as Brahms wordlessly took it from her hands, fingers brushing gently against her own as he dragged it into the other half of the sink and began to rinse it off. She stared at his porcelain face, shocked at his want to assist her, and had to blink several times to make sure she wasn't just having some vivid, twisted dream. She wasn't sure what she had initially expected – being hit, kicked, having her head smashed into the counter, maybe – but it certainly wasn't help. When Brahms didn't pay any mind to her momentary lack of movement, she gradually resumed her task, grabbing the cup she had been using and scrubbing it down with the soapy rag. They worked silently together as they cleaned, with her washing and him rinsing and drying off, and though there were only two dishes to speak of that needed washed, it felt as though it took an eternity to get it done. Greta tried not to worry herself with thoughts of confusion and ulterior motives on Brahms' part, but it could hardly be helped. It was frustrating not knowing what was going on inside his head. He could just as easily be thinking of how he was going to kill her as he could what book he wanted to read. She had almost no connection with him whatsoever due to the fact that she was perfectly sane and he, clearly, was not, and therefore she had no way of predicting his next move. Greta pursed her lips and grit her teeth, trying to hide her irritation with herself as she passed Brahms the glass cup. No, her conscience reasoned. You do know what he's thinking. You may have been spending the last month with a doll, but Brahms has always been there. You know what he likes and what he doesn't like. You know what he'll do if his rules are broken, or if someone threatens the attention you give him. You know him. And you know that he won't hurt you as long as you follow the rules . She mentally nodded to herself as she watched Brahms run the cup under the faucet, significantly more at ease with the facts her mind presented her. Brahms dried off the glass and set it inside one of the cupboards, reaching the top-most shelf with ease thanks to his height, and Greta tried her best to swallow down the nervousness she felt and put on a happy face as he turned back to her. As long as she followed the rules, she would be just fine. \"Thank you, Brahms,\" she said, smile faltering as she struggled to keep eye contact. \"I appreciate your help.\" Brahms looked down almost bashfully, bowing his head a moment before meeting her gaze again, and in that moment Greta swore she was standing in front of a timid schoolboy. She cleared her throat, eager to move past the awkward thought. \"Aherm, so...I guess I should...um...clean the traps out now.\" She moved to pass him, eager for solitude, but he sidestepped her, causing her to gasp when his fingers wrapped around her wrist. She locked gazes with him, shocked at the amount of distrust in his eyes as he stared down at her. Thin trails of dish water dripped down his hands and onto her skin, forming pools at the edges of her fingertips and falling onto the floor. Three drops had passed by the time she thought of something to say. \"I won't be gone long, Brahms,\" she said, trying to comfort him. \"I'll come back. I promise.\" There's nowhere else for me to go, she thought to herself. Not without Malcolm. Brahms' hold on her didn't loosen in the least, though his eyes had softened considerably. Still, that wasn't enough for her. \"...Rules are rules,\" she reminded him, appealing to whatever voice of reason existed inside his mind. \"You don't really want rats to get into the house, do you?\" Brahms looked down, momentarily breaking his gaze as he considered her words. She was right, of course, even if he didn't want her to be. Brahms didn't like animals, Mr. Heelshire had told her so. And if he really didn't want her to leave the house, he shouldn't have made a rule that necessitated it. Searching for a quicker way out, Greta quickly thought of a compromise. \"You can come with me if you want,\" she said, and his head jerked up in surprise. \"Come on. Some fresh air'll do you good.\" She carefully stepped past him and pulled him with her, inclining her head towards the back entrance of the kitchen. Brahms halted her, rooting himself in his spot as he thought it over. She waited with baited breath as he turned the cogs in his brain, weighing the pros and cons and the overall likeliness of her invitation being a trap of some kind, and she desperately hoped that he wouldn't find anything wrong with her proposal. She let out a relieved sigh when he finally nodded his consent, and she forced a smile as she gently tugged him towards the door. He watched in silence as she cleared out the traps, standing beneath the overhang while she dumped the rats into the garbage bag she held and reset the wooden contraptions for further use. She couldn't help but think of Mr. Heelshire while she worked, of what he had said to her the day she'd first arrived for her job and of how she would never see him again. Though she would like to believe otherwise, the letter they'd sent had been very clear; Brahms' parents weren't coming back. She wanted to feel bitter or hateful towards them for leaving she and Malcolm (and even Cole) to deal with their mentally ill son, but simply couldn't find it in herself to do so. She could only imagine what they had gone through over the past twenty years, living in fear of their own child and caring for a lifeless doll. She didn't blame them for wanting a way out. Even if that way was leaving her behind. Greta finished her task and tied off the garbage bag, turning around to head back to the kitchen and throw it away. Brahms looked at her and she fearfully smiled, willing away her emotions to better focus on the present. Rules; follow. Malcolm; rescue. Her; leave. She began her short trek back to the house, repeating those six words like a mantra in her mind, and Brahms wordlessly followed, not far behind.[Chapter 3] A/N: 07/13/2017 Phew, I'm back! Reader101 : Aww thank you! Here's another chapter for you :) TheFantasyRocker : I know, right?! Like it is SO hard to find BrahmsxGreta fics! Anyway I'm glad you're liking it so far! Hope you enjoy this next chapter as well :P Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. I'm the boy with the ironed shirt I'm the boy who watches you work I'm the boy who's calling your house I'm the boy who's freaking you out Passenger – Night Vision Binoculars~ Chapter three: The Rules~ Greta continued with her plan of following the rules. She took Brahms to the reading room, as she would normally do after eating breakfast and cleaning the traps, and moved to their usual places by the piano. She pulled out one of the chairs for him to sit down, waiting anxiously but expectantly. It was so hard not to glance at the broken shutters leading into the wall cavity, where she and Malcolm had almost escaped. Almost , her mind emphasized. Brahms ignored her invitation to sit, taking one look at the seat presented to him and walking right past it, as uninterested as a baby with a boring toy. Greta, shocked, stood rooted in her spot, watching as he walked clear to the other side of the room and sat down on the couch. She looked down at the rickety wooden chair she was still holding, slightly offended by his refusal to sit but also understanding; neither chairs were comfortable to sit in for long periods of time (or even short periods, for that matter), and she had a feeling that Brahms would be especially uncomfortable due to his large size. It would be a wonder if they could get through a single reading session without the legs of the chair buckling from underneath him. Setting the chair aside, Greta stepped towards the bookshelf and skimmed the various titles. She came across the one she had been reading to the doll-Brahms, before everything had gone to hell. If she remembered correctly, they were a little more than halfway through. Figuring Brahms would most likely want to finish it, she grabbed the book and turned around, moving past the piano to join him on the couch. She noticed that he had strategically placed himself in the middle of the sofa, assuring she would be the same distance from him no matter where she sat. Brahms rested his hand on the cushion to his left, and Greta took the hint. She cautiously sat down, her entire right side burning due to his body being so close to hers, and feebly attempted to make herself comfortable. She opened up the book and began skimming the pages, searching for the chapter they had left off on. She found the desired page all too soon, and took the liberty of stalling for as long as possible before she actually had to read out loud. It wasn't that she wasn't confident in her speaking abilities, or that she was embarrassed. It was just that she really, really didn't want to. The queasiness in her stomach had more or less subsided, but she still felt sick at the thought of playing nice and reading a book to a grown man, especially when that grown man was Brahms. Still, she would have to do it sooner or later, and it would be best for the both of them to just get it over with as soon as possible. After a solid minute of silence, Greta focused her eyes on the first sentence of the page, finally opening her mouth to read. Just as she made to speak, however, Brahms once again shocked her into silence; he bent down and grabbed hold of her ankles, pulling them up onto the couch and twisting her around so she was facing him. He then slid his hands up her calves, resting them atop her knees. His eyes locked with hers as he gently pried them apart, being deliberately slow as though he didn't want to startle her. It was too late for that, of course, but her mind greatly appreciated being given the time to absorb and predict his movements. Greta stared with wide eyes as she watched Brahms twist around on the couch, turning until his back was to her, and she remained stock-still when he began to lower himself onto her. He leaned back until his head was resting against her chest, and every muscle in her body went painfully rigid as he relaxed against her. Panic shot through her, and she felt as lost and helpless as a rabbit in a trap. Brahms crossed his hands against his chest and sighed, seemingly satisfied with their new positions. Seconds went by, and she decided that he must have been waiting for her to read. Though his weight wasn't crushing, Greta felt as though she were suffocating, becoming inescapably engulfed until all she knew was him. She could see him, feel him, smell him, hear him...she could almost taste him, even. He took up all of her senses, and it took all of her concentration to keep her mind afloat in the midst of it all. She closed her eyes and focused on her breathing, trying to come down from the miniature panic attack she was having. Brahms seemed to grow conscious of the effect he was having on her, because he brought his left hand to rest on the outside of her thigh, stroking her jeans with his thumb. She was sure it was meant to be a comforting gesture, but it hardly helped; if anything, it only made her feel worse. But he was being patient with her, she'd give him that. And given the circumstances, it was all she could ask for. After a couple of minutes her panic subsided, and Greta was ready to once again try and read the book. She held it up so she could see, arms wrapping around Brahms as she did so, and stared at the first word on the page. Her back rested uncomfortably against the armrest and her right leg was crushed between him and the back of the couch, but she didn't dare voice her discomfort. For all she knew, this was some strange fantasy he'd been dreaming of playing out with her, and she knew better than to express disapproval at something so (seemingly) innocent. She reminded herself that it could be much worse. Clearing her throat, she began to read. It felt like a lifetime before it was over, but somehow she was able to make it through an hour-and-a-half's worth of reading. Though she had been dreadful of it at first, Greta found herself actually enjoying the book, even losing herself completely in it from time to time. Which, given her situation, was more than welcome. Brahms had been quiet as a mouse, too, not moving so much as a centimeter the entire time she read. Which was, again, more than welcome. She couldn't imagine a better way of things playing out. Greta lowered the book and cleared her throat, pleased with herself for surviving a little longer. Brahms sighed, long and loud, and she had to fight the urge to follow suit. Reading aloud really was a tiresome thing. She couldn't imagine being a popular author or writer and having to do book tours and live readings. She cringed at the thought. She set the book on the floor as Brahms began to stretch, and she bit her lip to keep from groaning in pain as his shifting weight jostled her bladder. She'd had to use the bathroom almost since they started reading, but she had kept her mouth shut because – at the time – she didn't have to go that bad. Now, however, as Brahms' weight pressed uncomfortably down on her, she was forced to acknowledge the direness of her situation. Clearing her throat, Greta took a moment to sweeten her voice. \"Brahms, you have to get up now. We're done.\" There was a long, drawn out moment of silence, and she could tell that she had struck a nerve, no matter how small. Ultimately, however, she was met with compliance. Brahms slowly raised himself off of her (though with clear reluctance), and Greta immediately felt the pressure disappear from her bladder. She sat up, relishing the relief. She watched as Brahms stood up from the couch, eyes widening when she realized that he was making his way towards the record player. Oh no. She was not going to sit down for another hour, especially not for opera music. She moved to get off the couch, eager to stop him- \"Brahms, no!\" -but quickly regretted her decision. As she stood up, she put all of her weight onto her right foot, which had gone numb during the first half-hour of reading, and fell flat onto her face. She cursed inwardly, deeply annoyed with her own stupidity. She felt Brahms' pounding footsteps beneath her hands as she pushed herself up, and panic shot through her when he kneeled at her side and grabbed hold of her wrist. The feeling came and went as quickly as a bolt of lightning once she realized he was only trying to help her up, but unfortunately she couldn't accept his assistance; the millions of tiny pins and needles working their way through her leg weren't going to allow her to stand for at least another minute. She stretched her hand past his hold and gave Brahms' wrist a meaningful squeeze to let him know that she couldn't get up yet, and he stayed dutifully by her side as she tried not to laugh from the overwhelmingly tingly feeling in her calve. She squinted in puzzlement when he tilted her arm carefully and cocked his head from side to side, worriedly looking her over. It took her a moment to realize that he was searching for injuries, and a look of realization passed over her face as she hurried to reassure him. \"Oh...no, Brahms, I'm not hurt. It's just...my leg went numb. From when we were reading? I'm okay, really.\" Brahms finally met her gaze, and the amount of worry in his eyes was staggering. She would never have expected such affection and care to come from someone as twisted as him, and yet she could feel it practically radiating off of him, beating against her subconscious like waves on a rocky shore. She almost had to look away from the sight. \"Um...hey.\" She said, getting his attention. \"I really have to go to the bathroom. Do you think you could help me up the stairs? I'd really appreciate it.\" Seemingly eager at the prospect of being useful, Brahms quickly nodded. She began to smile in return but stopped short when, instead of merely grabbing hold of her hand and heaving her to her feet, he engulfed her in his arms and scooped her up. He swept her off the floor with ease, and she let out a tiny squeak as he rose to his full height. She felt as though she were hanging off the edge of a cliff being so high in the air, and she subconsciously gripped the fabric of Brahms' shirt in her hands as she peered down at the floor; if he dropped her, it would be a long way down. Slightly adjusting his hold on her, Brahms proceeded to carry her out of the room and up the menacingly tall flights of stairs to the bathroom. By the time he put her down, the feeling had returned to her leg, and she muttered a quick thank-you as she hurried to lock herself in the restroom and do her business. She barely noticed the stench of her puke from earlier that morning as she undid the clasp around her pants and sat down, reveling in the peaceful quiet the tiled floors and walls provided her. Happy that she finally had some time to herself, she decided to think. Her plan was simple enough; just play along with Brahms' rules until he let his guard down, and then grab Malcolm and go. But how would she do that, exactly? She could hardly get Brahms to leave her alone long enough to use the bathroom, let alone creep through the wall cavities and see if Malcolm was still alive. She might have felt a bit better about the whole thing if she just knew what Brahms was thinking. He was just so unpredictable, so hard to read. She couldn't grasp the idea of someone being so violently murderous one moment and then mildly gentle the next. And though he had protected her from Cole, there was no excuse for his behavior when it came to Malcolm. He had been nothing but kind to them (well, to she and the doll Brahms, at least) and though he had tried multiple times to get her to break the rules (succeeding on more than one occasion) he was still a good person. There was no need to hurt him like that. Malcolm beat him over the head with a fire poker, her conscience reminded her . Yeah, because he was dragging me off to God knows where , she thought back. He basically tried to kill Brahms , Her mind countered. Of course he wouldn't be feeling friendly towards him after he practically betrayed him like that . Well, her brain had a point there. Malcolm had known Brahms – in a sense, anyway – much longer and much better than she ever had, and she could only imagine having someone she knew and trusted come running at her with a hatchet (or in his case, fire poker). And as much as she didn't want to admit it, she supposed she might have reacted the same way as he did if someone had tried to kill her and take away the one human being she had any hope of having contact with... Dammit, she thought . This isn't helping. I'm supposed to be coming up with a plan to rescue Malcolm and get the hell out of here, not finding reasons to sympathize with a psychopath! Greta pursed her lips and grit her teeth, trying to hide her irritation with herself as she flushed the toilet and dried her hands off on a nearby towel. Okay, think, she told herself . If what you just thought is true – if Brahms only hurt Cole and Malcolm because they had hurt him – then it's fairly safe to assume that you've got nothing to be afraid of, right? You haven't tried to hurt him yet. You've done nothing wrong that would cause you to lose his trust. Use that to your advantage. She nodded to herself as she put the towel back in its place. Yes. That was what she would do. She would use his blind trust in her to further her plans of escape. It was underhanded and manipulative, but it was no worse than anything Brahms had done himself. All she had to do was follow the rules and pretend that everything was fine, and when the moment was right, she would take Malcolm and leave. Greta looked at herself in the mirror, trying to put on a brave face before she had to face her captor again. She didn't want to leave her little haven (after all, it was the one place she could be alone and think properly in this Godforsaken house) but if she took too long, Brahms would grow suspicious. And the last thing she wanted was for him to doubt her. She took a breath, calmed herself, and turned towards the door. Brahms was waiting for her just outside, just as she knew he'd be, and she smiled as brightly and happily as possible when their eyes met. She led him back down to the reading room and sat on the couch, watching as he made his way over to the music player. His fingers skimmed the various records on the shelf until he found the one he wanted, and Greta watched as he put it on the spindle. Her ears pricked as the needle met the record, and she readied herself. It was time for yet another endless hour of music appreciation.[Chapter 4] A/N: 08/06/2017 I hope this chapter turned out alright, I already posted it on Wattpad and didn't feel like going over it again, save for italisizing everything I remembered needing it (I hope I got everything). PoisonedParadise : Hey thanks a lot! I'm glad you get a kick out of Brahms' behavior, lol :) Encredetenebre : Merci beaucoup pour votre avis! Je suis content que vous aimiez cette histoire assez pour la lire dans une autre langue! J'espère que vous appréciez ce chapitre :) Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. She may contain the urge to run away But hold her down with soggy clothes and breezeblocks Cetirizine, your fever's gripped me again Never kisses, all you ever send are full stops Alt-J – Breezeblocks~ Chapter Four: Where's Malcolm?~ With great care and even greater caution, she made it through the rest of the day. She allowed no guests, she never left Brahms alone, she saved meals in the freezer. She followed the rules. And so far, it had paid off in spades. The sick feeling in her stomach had gradually subsided toward the later half of the day, but feeling a little queasy was far more preferable to leaning over the toilet for twelve hours. At least, that was what she told herself. It was nighttime now, and although she felt a sense of accomplishment at making it through the day, she also didn't allow herself to let that feeling grow. There were still two more rules to follow, and she wasn't out of the woods yet. Greta finished turning out all the lights, walking to the foyer and taking out a box of matches from the table by the stairs. She lit a nearby candle, noting how Brahms was significantly more attentive to her actions. Every little move she made, he followed like a hawk. She didn't blame him (after all, if she were a psychotic killer bent on keeping her nanny locked away for the rest of her life, she wouldn't trust her when nightfall came either) but it still made her unbearably uncomfortable. He silently followed as she ascended the staircase, lighting candles as she went so she wouldn't trip and fall to her death later in the night. The fifth rule echoed through her head. 5. Read a Bedtime Story. Since she planned on waiting until Brahms was asleep to go find Malcolm (granted, that plan had already failed, but she wasn't going to give up on it just yet) it was absolutely necessary that she follow this particular rule. And though she wasn't too keen on sharing an elaborate bedtime story with the likes of someone like Brahms, she wasn't about to risk her or Malcolm's safety over something more pride-based than anything else. It was something she simply couldn't fail. Which led to the tenth and final rule; Kiss Goodnight. Memories of the night before flooded her mind, and she blushed to hide her shame. Of all the rules Mrs Heelshire had given her, this one was by far the most difficult for her to follow through with. It had merely seemed stupid and embarrassing when it was just her and the doll, but with the real Brahms, it was so much more than that. It was frightening, humiliating, awkward...it just wasn't a pleasant experience, in any way whatsoever. At least when she had been kissing the doll goodnight there had been some semblance of normalcy, some comforting thought that she was giving a young child's soul some form of rest. They finally reached Brahms' bedroom door, and Greta mentally prepared herself as she took her time opening it. She flicked the lights on and blew out the candle she held, setting it down on Brahms' dresser as they stepped into the room. She walked over and pulled back the covers, waiting for him to climb into bed so she could tuck him in. But he never moved to do so. She waited, and waited, and still nothing came. No sound, no movement...nothing. Beginning to fear the worst, Greta slowly turned around, masking her caution with confusion as Brahms' figure spun into view. He was much closer than expected, and it may have just been her fear talking, but he seemed taller and larger, too, far more intimidating than he had been just a few moments ago. Greta's mouth fell open in surprise, taking the smallest of steps back. Brahms was breathing heavily, shoulders heaving as he stared at her. His eyes flickered from her face to the rest of her body - her hair, shoulders, chest, arms, legs - and she had never felt so trapped. It was like he was trying to hold himself back from something, but he wasn't quite succeeding. His fists were clenched, she noticed, and she truly hoped that he wasn't about to hurt her. Her mind whirled - had she done something wrong? Had she upset him somehow ? Had she not followed the rules? - but ultimately drew a blank as she tried to come up with a rational reason for his behavior. Not knowing what else to do, she timidly whispered, \"Brahms?\" His eyes snapped back to hers, his breath cutting short as he paused to look at her. He seemed as though he had only just realized that she was even there, which was more than enough to make her feel immediately disturbed. Her own breathing had ceased as a result, and a terrifying moment of silence passed between them. Greta fearfully swallowed, body tense as a spring as she waited for something to happen. The look in Brahms' eyes slowly changed; he seemed to have come to some sort of decision, though she was hardly skilled enough in psychology to make such a judgment, let alone accurately. She seemed to be right, however, because he slowly lifted a hand, resting his palm flat on her chest. At first she was confused by this, but confusion quickly made way for fear as he gave a firm push, and before she knew it she was falling backwards onto the bed. Terror seized her, a million thoughts flying through her head about what was going to happen, and she wasted no time as she scrambled to get away. She tried to create a healthy distance between them, but it was too late; the bed dipped at her left leg, then her right as Brahms dug his knees into the mattress. He leaned down, arms snaking down until his elbows were resting beside her head as he came to tower above her, trapping her there like a scared animal. Greta stared up at him with wide eyes as he looked down admiringly at her, gaze sweeping over her face with artificial affection before shifting his interest elsewhere. She gasped as he craned his neck to nuzzle her jawline, arms curling around her head and fingers twisting through her hair. A shiver shot down her spine as the chill of his porcelain mask made contact with her skin. She whimpered, tears beginning to spring in her eyes. She had never been so aware of Brahms' size as she was now; he was just so big. She didn't even remember Cole feeling so large in frame as Brahms did above her now. She could feel the heat radiating off of him, such a stark contrast to how cold she herself felt, and she tried desperately to control her breathing; her heart rate was completely wild, like that of a rabbit's, and she feared if she didn't calm down soon she would start hyperventilating. Brahms inhaled deeply, fisting a hand in her hair and pulling her head back as he pressed his face further into her neck. He exhaled, hot breath fanning across her skin as he shifted on top of her. He untangled his right hand from her hair and moved to slip it beneath her shirt, snaking up her back and resting his palm flat between her shoulder blades. Greta shrank further into the bed as he held her close, shivering despite the heat between them. She closed her eyes, trying to calm herself. He won't hurt you, he won't hurt you, he won't hurt you... Brahms' breathing increased, and she could feel his shoulders heaving against her as he moved down towards her collarbone and chest. Panic flared inside her, and she couldn't help it as her own breathing sped up. Unfortunately, this only seemed to spur him on even more, and he hastened his movements. She squeezed her eyes further shut as the pads of his fingers slid down the back of her neck, skating along her jugular and past her chest before stopping at her stomach. The hand on her back slipped beneath her bra to rest against her spine, and she arched her back in discomfort as a shiver ran through her. Fearful tears slipped down past her cheekbones and into her ears as she lay there, and she opened her eyes to stare up at the ceiling, praying for it all to just stop. She tearfully pleaded, \"Brahms, please...\" But her cries were paid no mind. Brahms flipped back the material of her shirt, and Greta closed her eyes once more as his hand eagerly skated up her stomach- He inhaled sharply, causing Greta to open her eyes; he had stopped his movements, frozen as he stared down at where his hand lay beneath her shirt. Confused but happy that he was distracted, Greta let out a relieved breath as he abandoned his ministrations, pulling his right hand out from under her back and moving to push her shirt further up. She felt as though she could finally breathe again as he moved off of her to get a better view of her stomach, and she felt so relieved that she hardly cared what he found so fascinating. It wasn't until she felt his fingers repeatedly brushing against a certain spot on her stomach that she realized what it was that had so fiercely caught his attention. \"They're...they're stretch marks,\" she told him, keeping her voice down to a whisper as she stared down at him. Brahms looked up at her, hand still on one of the marks, curiosity and confusion in his eyes. \"I got them when I was pregnant,\" she explained. \"Back when Cole...\" His gaze immediately hardened at the mention of Cole, and Greta purposely trailed off so as not to upset him further. He turned his attention back to the marks shortly after, and she let herself calm down a bit as he brushed his hands over them, examining them. Her breathing had just begun to return to normal when she felt a cold pressure on her belly, and she gasped as she looked down to see that Brahms was pressing his face into her skin. At first she was confused, but then she realized that he was kissing the marks. Trying to make the scars left by Cole feel better. Make them go away. Fix them. She watched in silent awe as he moved from mark to mark, taking his time as he went. It was the gentlest she'd ever seen him, and in all honesty it shocked her. She never imagined she'd see him so compassionate. Maybe he really did care about her wellbeing. What is wrong with you?! Her mind screamed . Of course he doesn't care! Are you so desperate for intimacy that you've forgotten what he was trying to do just a few seconds ago? He can't care. He's a cruel and twisted human being. He isn't capable of things like love or compassion. He's a monster. And if you want to get out of this alive, you need to remember that. Angry with herself for being so foolish, Greta looked away from Brahms and rested her head back against the mattress, staring holes into the ceiling as she waited for him to finish what he was doing. She felt the cold porcelain of his mask glide across her skin, trying her hardest not to feel anything other than anger and disgust towards him. Malcolm was probably lying in a ditch somewhere and she was busy being given butterfly kisses from his killer. What on earth was wrong with her? Brahms eventually slowed to a halt, and Greta looked down at him, putting on her best smile as she said, \"Thank you, Brahms. I feel much better now.\" She lifted a hand to run her fingers through his hair, and he automatically closed his eyes and leaned into her touch. He began to crawl back up to her level, no doubt wanting to continue what he'd been doing before he'd discovered her stretch marks, and, feeling a sense of panic, she quickly thought of something to stop things from going any further. \"It's time for bed, Brahms.\" Unfortunately, her command came out sounding more like a fearful whimper, and Brahms hardly paid her any mind as he trailed his porcelain nose up the side of her neck. She gripped the fabric of his cardigan, bunching it around his shoulders as she tried to sound more authoritative. \"Brahms, it's time for bed.\" This time, he seemed to deliberately ignore her, pressing himself further against her in response to her words. Deciding she wasn't going to let things escalate any further, Greta gripped the edges of his shoulders and pushed him off of her, hoping that her gaze would be enough to get him to stop. \"Brahms,\" she said again, dead serious. \"It's time for bed.\" She fully realized that he was allowing her to hold him above her - after all, there was no way she would be strong enough to uphold his weight otherwise - and she hoped that this tiny allowance was enough to make him listen to her. Brahms clearly didn't want to go to bed, she could tell that much from the look in his eyes. But he also knew that he had to follow the rules. They both did. And so, he slowly climbed off of her, pulling her along with him as he stood up. She inwardly sighed in relief as he climbed beneath the covers she had laid out for him, and she quickly moved to tuck him in. He stared her down the entire time, and she was sure to avoid eye contact, not wanting to feel any more uncomfortable than she already was. She pulled up a nearby chair to sit down, preparing herself to tell a bedtime story. She sat there awkwardly, clearing her throat to try and buy some time, hoping that maybe Brahms wouldn't want a bedtime story, but he did nothing to make her believe that was the case. He stared at her patiently, intently, and she knew there was nothing else to do but go through with it. Closing her eyes a moment and taking a breath, Greta began her story. \"Once upon a time...\" Greta turned out the lights and slowly closed the door, trying her best not to wake Brahms as she stepped out into the hallway. She crept downstairs to the pool room, thankful for the candles she had lit earlier as she moved. She had avoided that room since everything had happened, ever since Cole had died and Malcolm had been...well. She wasn't going to think about that. Greta warily entered the room, immediately being hit with the sense that she shouldn't be there. She knew it was probably just a combination of nerves and paranoia, but it still made her feel extremely uncomfortable. This is bad. We shouldn't be here. Brahms could come around the corner any second- Oh, shut up, she thought back, stepping further inside . I'm just going to see if Cole's body is still there. And if it isn't? She paused, thinking it over. If it isn't, then I'll know Malcolm probably isn't where he was left either. She carefully stepped around the pool table, trying not to step on any glass or porcelain. She finally rounded the obstacle, slowly coming face to face with- Nothing? Greta squinted in the limited light, trying to make out a figure or object- But there was still nothing. The mirror was still broken, there were still blood patches on the floor and broken furniture and remnants of the doll, but no body of any kind. Cole was missing. And that could only mean that Malcolm was too. Hurrying to the reading room, she stepped carefully past the broken shutters and slipped into the wall cavity, trying to be as quiet as possible as she made her way to the spot where she and Malcolm had been just the night before. She couldn't see for anything, and she treaded very carefully, arms extended towards each wall, fingers just barely brushing against the moldy concrete so she could tell where she was going. Eventually, she could see a sliver of moonlight splayed across the floor, and she knew that it must have been a light leak from the trapdoor she hadn't been able to get open. Adrenaline rushing, Greta hurried to the spot, crouching down and feeling the ground for Malcolm. Her hands brushed against a skinny metal object, and she realized a little too late that it was the fire poker Brahms had used to beat him with. It skidded a ways across the floor and she started, covering her mouth as her gasp echoed throughout the cavity. Her heart froze in her chest, waiting to hear footsteps pounding toward her. But she waited, and nothing came. That bedtime story must have really been a good one. Breathing a sigh of relief, Greta continued to search, only giving up when she had practically molested every inch of the ground. He's not here , she thought forlornly. What do I do now? There's nothing you can do , her mind told her. You'll just have to wait until you find another lead . Greta laid her hands in her lap, looking down into the darkness. Brahms could have hidden him anywhere within the house. And with all those trap doors and secret passages... Tears slipped past her cheeks, and she silently cried, suddenly feeling less than optimistic.[Chapter 5] A/N: 09/15/2017 ninikuku : You got it! Here it is! :) Linz : Omg I'm SO happy you got to see The Boy a couple nights ago! lol I do the same thing every time I watch a good movie, immediately go to ff to see if there are any good fics XD I'm glad you think mine is worthy! Here's another chapter for you! Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. I will keep quiet, you won't even know I'm here You won't suspect a thing, you won't see me in the mirror But I've crept into your heart, you can't make me disappear 'Til I make you Digital Daggers - The Devil Within~ Chapter five: The Visitors~ Greta slowly awoke the next morning, not feeling the least bit refreshed. Last night had proven to be quite disheartening, and she felt as though all hope was lost. Don't be silly, her mind told her. It's just a hiccup, nothing more. We can still get out of this. Willing herself to get out of bed, Greta rolled over and sat up, her bare feet hitting the floor. She had slept in her clothes, too afraid to change into something more comfortable lest she be watched from behind the walls. Brahms may have been asleep when she left him, but that didn't mean he had stayed that way for the remainder of the night. She slowly made her way to the bedroom door, unlocking it and (reluctantly) stepping out into the hall. She noticed that Brahms' door was left open a crack, and, being unable to remember if she had been the one responsible for it, stepped closer to peek inside. She expected to find the room empty, as she had the past two mornings, but instead found the bed to be occupied. Brahms lay sprawled out on the mattress, his massive frame covering nearly every inch of it. His arm and foot hung off the edges at funny angles, body posed as though he had been tossing and turning to get into a comfortable position. It was a sight that would have been endearing if it weren't for the fact that she was staring at a psychotic killer. Greta felt the tiniest of relieved smiles begin to creep onto her face, until she realized; she had to wake him up. Though it wasn't part of the official rules, Mrs. Heelshire had specifically told her to wake Brahms up every morning at 7am. The old woman's voice echoed through her head, and she quietly cursed the memory. Taking a breath, she pushed the door open the rest of the way and stepped inside - she didn't want to wake Brahms, but she knew that if she didn't, there may very well be a price to pay, of which she wasn't willing. She felt as though she were crossing the threshold into Hell, and she couldn't help but think of just how helpless she would be if trouble arose. However, Greta pushed past this, and slowly, painstakingly inched her way over to Brahms. She rounded the bed to stand in front of him, relaxing once she realized he really was asleep and not just faking it to get her within touching distance. She looked down at him, at his porcelain face angled up at her, and noted how much less threatening he was when sleeping. Though his size was still hulking compared to the average man, he was far more relaxed and much less intimidating in this state. She dare say he even looked innocent. Alright, stop gawking, she told herself. It's time to wake him up. Steeling herself, Greta awkwardly placed her hands on his shoulders, hesitantly shaking him. \"Brahms, wake up.\" She paused to see if he would respond, and when he didn't, she shook him some more and raised her voice a bit. \"Brahms, wake up. It's time for breakfast.\" She pressed her palms into his chest, attempting to jostle him awake. \"Brahms, get up. It's time to wake up now.\" She was about to resort to shoving him when Brahms' eyes flickered open beneath his mask, and she halted her movements as she realized he was awake. He stared up at her once his eyes focused, and she swore he looked both surprised and confused to see her. \"Brahms, it's time to get up now,\" she said, faltering a bit as she smiled. Brahms blinked a few times, seeming to process what she'd just said, before tiredly reaching out his arms to stretch. He stopped and looked down when he felt pressure on his chest, and it was then that Greta realized she still had her hands resting on top of him. Embarrassed, she tried to yank them away, but Brahms grabbed onto her right hand and held it in place over his heart. Her mouth fell open in shock when she felt how fast it was beating. She felt her throat run dry as they stared at each other, and for the longest moment neither of them moved a muscle. Eventually, though, Brahms' grip loosened and Greta's hand fell away, and she awkwardly cleared her throat as he began to sit up. \"Ahem, I, um...I better...go make breakfast.\" Brahms said nothing in response to her words, and she quickly fled to the safety of the kitchen. She had a feeling this was going to be a long day. The next thirty minutes were spent preparing food for Brahms and herself, navigating the kitchen while trying to avoid the gaze of the masked man sitting at the table. Okay , she told herself. You can do this. Greta closed her eyes and took a breath, taking hold of each plate on the counter before turning around to face her captor. She smiled as best she could, walking to the table and setting Brahms' food down in front of him before doing the same for herself and taking a seat. A hundred thoughts ran through her head. How was this going to work? Would Brahms take off his mask and eat as a normal person would? Did he expect her to turn around while he ate? Would he eat at all? Should she even be there? Her thoughts and the swiftness with which they came began to make her feel nervous, and she unconsciously gripped the edge of the table. Brahms stared at her intently - he clearly saw how strangely she was behaving - and Greta tried in vain to mask her discomfort, clearing her throat in a most awkward manner. \"Aherm, um...do you...want me to turn around while you eat, Brahms?\" Her question was met with silence, and it only proved to make her feel even more uncomfortable. But, rather than take the hint and keep her mouth shut, more words came spilling from her lips. \"I- I know you don't like to take it off. Your mask, I mean. And...if you're uncomfortable with me seeing your face, I'll leave. And I won't come back until you tell me to.\" Upon his lack of response, she quickly added, \"I promise.\" For the longest time, Brahms was silent, and Greta began to wonder if he had even listened to anything she had told him. But just as she was debating on whether or not to repeat herself, he finally responded. He looked at her, at her plate of food, and then at his, and, tilting his head ever so slightly, gently pushed his plate towards her. \"Eat.\" It seemed more like a polite request rather than an intimidating order, and even though she knew he was still a psychopath and couldn't be trusted, she couldn't help but feel as though he were genuinely worried about whether or not she had been getting enough to eat. And she was hungry... Taking the plate offered to her and pulling it closer, she smiled at him. She could survive this. She would. She went about her chores for the rest of the day with ease, and before she knew it, it was time for reading. Greta grabbed hold of the book they were currently on and sat down on the sofa. She flipped through the pages while she waited for Brahms, who was supposedly in the bathroom (though she had reason to suspect he had gone off to tend to Malcolm), and looked for the chapter they had left off on. Everything had gone smoothly up to this point, and Greta held out hope that, if they could make it past this, she and Malcolm's escape wasn't just little more than a foolish pipe dream. She found their bookmark just as Brahms stepped into the room, and she smiled (although warily) over at him. He walked over and sat down, lying with his back against her and his head on her chest just like he'd done before, and she tried desperately to contain the building anxiety in her gut. Clearing her throat, she read for what felt like hours (even though it couldn't have been more than forty-five minutes) before she insisted they take a quick break. Her throat was getting hoarse, and she feared that she might be coming down with something. As Brahms silently waited for her to start back up, Greta glanced once more at the broken shutters across the room, thinking yet again of Malcolm. She couldn't explain it, but she felt a sudden burst of confidence, and she finally decided to go ahead and ask the one question that had been plaguing her for the past day and a half. \"...Brahms, there's something I need to ask you-\" A loud banging stopped her from finishing her sentence, and they both jumped at the sudden noise. Brahms leapt from the couch and disappeared to the foyer, and Greta in turn sat up and strained her ears to detect the source of the sound. At first she thought it was Malcolm, but after a couple more bangs she realized that it was coming from the front door. She ran to the window and pulled back the curtain, catching sight of two police officers. Hope and relief surged through her and she opened her mouth to yell and get their attention, but she never got the chance as she was yanked away by Brahms. His hand was over her mouth before she could even think to scream, and before she knew it, she was being dragged into a secret opening in one of the walls. Not willing in the least to let what was possibly her only chance of being rescued go, she kicked and flailed like a wild animal, writhing in his grip to try and get away, but try as she might, Brahms was simply too strong for her to ever hope to overpower. His right hand held tight over her mouth while his left locked her arms in place. Kicking didn't seem to do a whole lot to deter him (not enough to get away, at least), and she eventually grew too tired to fight anymore. Darkness and cobwebs obscured her vision as she was forced to stand in place, breaths coming in loud and hot over the top of Brahms' hand. She could feel his heartbeat as his chest heaved behind her head, whether from panic or exhaustion, she wasn't sure. The banging noise suddenly came back as the policemen knocked on the door again, though muffled, and they both froze. With one last burst of energy, Greta jerked in his hold, butting her head against his chest and kicking at his shins and trying to wrench her arms free, but he only held tighter to her in response. Feeling a sense of urgency, she opened her mouth and bit down as hard as she could on his hand. The shock of it forced him to momentarily let go of her, and that split-second was all she needed; arms free, she elbowed him in the gut and threw herself against the opposite side of the wall cavity, pushing against it to try and open it up but to no avail. \"Help!\" She screamed, banging against the wood. \"Help! Hel-\" Her cries were silenced as Brahms' hand came back over her mouth and she was violently pulled further into the wall cavity. A few more knocks came before stopping altogether, and her heart sank as she heard the police cruiser start up and fade away in the distance. Tears spilled over her cheeks and onto Brahms' hand, and she slumped in his hold. Once Brahms decided they were in no danger of being found, he released her, and she immediately turned to face him. He was staring at the hand he'd had over her mouth, at the tears there, and he only looked at her when she shoved him back. He stared at her, shocked and bewildered, as though he didn't understand where all this was coming from. Greta couldn't bring herself to care, however, as she let out the rage and frustration she'd been feeling for the past twenty-four hours. \"How could you?!\" She screamed. \"How could you?!\" Brahms reached up to touch her, but she was having none of it. Tears spilling over once more, she stepped forward and shoved him as hard as she could. Brahms hardly budged from the impact, and in her anger, Greta shoved him again, harder this time. She felt a sense of triumph when he plummeted backwards onto the dirty, dusty cement floor, but it was short-lived as he bounded right back up and charged toward her. She pounded his chest with her fists, crying and shrieking as tears blurred her vision. Even in her frantic state, she knew she was no match for Brahms, but that wasn't to say it stopped her from trying. He twisted her around and held her against him, forcing her arms to her sides as he wrapped her in a bear hug. Fear gripped her heart, but it didn't last once she realized he wasn't squeezing or trying to break her in half. She kicked and flailed and jerked her head to and fro, but it did next to nothing as Brahms heaved her up and carried her off into the wall cavity. She tried to see but her vision was too distorted from her crying, and before she knew it, she was being dropped onto the floor in a room she'd never been in before. Her bare feet skidded against the wood as Greta scrambled away from her captor and tried to get her bearings, but it was incredibly hard considering how dark it was. She could just barely make out the white of Brahms' mask as he stared at her from across the room, angry and menacing. She froze and her heart thumped in her chest, eyes wide with terror. Was he going to beat her? Rape her? Kill her? Leave her to starve and wither away to nothing? Her fears were soon quelled when Brahms abruptly turned and left, disappearing into the shadows. She hurried after him, hoping to find the exit, but her palms met nothing but wood. Relying on nothing but her sense of touch, Greta ran her hands all around the wall, trying to find a hinge or gap of some kind, but no matter how long she searched, nothing revealed itself to her. She searched every corner of that room until eventually she gave up hope of finding any kind of exit, and collapsed on the floor in defeat. She couldn't stop the tears as the impact of her situation began to finally press down on her. She sniffled to try and keep them at bay, but it was a losing battle. She laid there on the floor staring into the darkness, feeling more hopeless than she had ever remembered feeling in her life.[Chapter 6] A/N: 09/30/2017 yolanicoletta : Hey thanks, I'll try my best! Someone : I wonder that about myself too, liking pairings like this! Haha XD If you ever do write a fic for these two, let me know! I'll totally check it out! DarknessAndDeath : Yeah, it's a really good song. Thank you so much for all of your reviews, they really motivated me to finish this next chapter. Hope you like it! :) Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. Do I make you feel like Christmas time? Put me in a party dress one time Love me 'til I see the sunshine Say you'll never leave me Lana Del Rey - Smarty~ Chapter six: Pretty Greta~ The sound of scraping wood filtered through her ears after some time (how long had she been in here? Minutes? Hours?), and Greta slowly sat up from her crumpled position on the floor to stare at where her ears were telling her the secret door was opening. She'd had plenty of time to adjust her vision, and she still could hardly see a thing. She wondered where exactly in the house she was. The white of Brahm's mask popped out from behind the door, a lantern in one hand and a tray of food in the other. Rush him! her mind screamed. Get him while he has both hands occupied and run! No! her conscience quickly corrected. He's still blocking the door. Doing anything now would be suicide. Wait. She decided to obey that last thought as Brahms stepped further into the room, and she couldn't help but notice that he'd left the door wide open. Why would he do that? She wondered. He has to know he's leaving an opening for me. He's not stupid. Maybe it's a show of good will , her mind answered. I think he just doesn't want to scare you. Of course. A fake safety net . Deciding to take the cautious route, she stayed put in the middle of the room as Brahms moved away from the door, setting down the lantern but keeping the tray of food. He shifted to her right and she mirrored him, both staying opposite of each other as they moved around the room. They stopped when they were both equal distances from the door, the tension heavy as they stared each other down. Greta wasn't sure what to expect from this encounter, or what Brahms had hoped to gain. She knew that he could do whatever he wanted with her and no one would ever know, be it torture or death or rape, and an unpleasant feeling began to form in the pit of her gut at just how vulnerable she truly was in this delicate situation. Moments went by and nothing happened - neither person moved nor spoke - and Greta fearfully swallowed as anticipation built up inside her. She felt like a coiled up spring, tense and ready to bolt at the slightest indication that Brahms would hurt her. Brahms knelt down and Greta jumped, jerking back into a defensive position. Noticing this, he deliberately slowed his movements as he set down the tray of food a few feet in front of him. He slowly slid it towards her, nodding his head and retreating back to his previous spot by the walls. Greta looked at the tray, at the peanut butter and jelly sandwich and glass of orange juice waiting for her, and was suddenly reminded of how hungry she was. Her stomach felt as though it were curling in on itself, and she knew that if she didn't eat soon she would develop a very unpleasant headache. Swallowing down her fear and pride, she inched forward to take the tray, kneeling down and dragging it over to her side of the room, staring him down the entire time. She had no way of being sure of his intentions, and therefore he couldn't be trusted. Though she was pretty sure she didn't have to worry about the food being tampered with at this point - call her crazy, but she was almost certain this was some weird, twisted version of an 'I'm sorry' gift - it didn't make her any less suspicious, either. If anything, she was only confused more now than ever. Why? Why did he act this way? What caused him to think hiding away from the world and torturing his parents with a doll version of himself was okay? Was right? And locking her up and keeping Malcolm from her... She stopped her train of thought before it became too overwhelming, taking a bite of her peanut butter and jelly sandwich and chewing slowly before swallowing. She looked at Brahms through what must have been bloodshot eyes (after all, she was still frazzled by recent events), and was finally able to find it within herself to speak. \"...Why are you doing this?\" Her voice was shaky, and her fingers were trembling, but there it was, a coherent sentence. Feeling a little braver, she straightened her spine and stood tall. \"Why won't you just let us go?\" Brahms froze, knowing she was referring to Malcolm, and he seemed to stop breathing altogether, he became so still. Her own breathing ceased for a heart-stopping moment, thinking that maybe this would be the final thing that would send him over the edge and persuade him to just up and kill her. But it seemed as though luck was still on her side. Malcolm's...not so much. \"Please...\" she breathed, begging him. \"Please, just...let me know he's alive.\" Several heartbeats passed and her plea was never answered, and Brahms merely stared at her with his head slightly tilted, as though thinking. Considering. Deciding. She sighed to herself, knowing that she should've known better than to get more than two words out of a psychotic shut-in. Brahms shifted on his feet, looking her up and down several times before finally making his way to the secret door and disappearing into the wall cavities, leaving the entrance hanging on its hinges. Greta stared, not quite believing her eyes as she looked at the empty space where Brahms used to be, and at the door that was left wide open. She swallowed nervously, hesitantly walking over and peeking around the door, the lantern's light illuminating the few scarce feet beyond the room she was in. She gazed into the black abyss beyond the light, listening, waiting for Brahms to return, but he never came. She looked at the lantern on the floor, briefly considering her options; she could risk going out into the house and being found by Brahms, maybe find Malcolm or an exit if she was lucky, or she could stay here and rely on a masked man with murderous tendencies to maybe come feed her every now and then. Quickly deciding to go with the first option, she picked up the lantern and started her journey into the wall cavities, not knowing in the slightest where she was going. The spaces in between the walls of the Heelshire home were more confusing than she would've ever thought to imagine, and she found herself victim to several twists and turns and sloping steps that would've disoriented the hell out of her had she not had a lantern to light her way. Her bare feet were most likely completely covered in dirt and soot by now, and she'd had the unpleasant experience of stubbing her toe against jutting nails and screws several times. Brahms must have known them all by heart to leave her without any aid for his vision. She walked for some time, taking a right and then a left, climbing a ways and then taking a right again. She eventually came to a long hallway of sorts that was perpendicular to the one she was in now, and could've led to anywhere in the house (she tried to estimate where she was but came up with nothing but a head full of question marks). Taking a moment to decide, she slowly turned to her left and traveled all the way down to the end. Great , she thought. A dead end . She sighed, staring at the musty wooden wall decorated in cobwebs and dirt, before turning to head back the way she had come. As she did, however, her foot kicked at an unknown object, the tiny thing skidding across the floor before coming to a stop a few feet away. She knelt down and reached for it, brushing the dust off of it and looking to see what it was. It was a pendant. One of those old, Victorian pendants with the silhouette of a woman's face, a brooch. That's strange , she thought. What would something like this be doing in- Her breath hitched, muscles freezing. \"There were others, of course, but Brahms rejected all of them. He always had trouble taking to other nannies. Though, none of them were as young or pretty as you...\" Mrs. Heelshire's voice echoed through her mind, and a very sick feeling suddenly bloomed in her stomach. Dropping the pendant, she searched the floors and found other objects make themselves known to her; necklaces and shoes, a picture. God, how many had there been? \"It's Brahms. He can be...playful.\" These were all... mementos of Brahms' past nannies. Were they still alive? Had he killed all of them? She became dizzy wondering. God, these could have been her. Any one of them. Hell, maybe she already was. After all, he had taken her shoes. Maybe he was just toying with her. She may have already been dead the second she'd walked in that door. Deciding she'd had enough of the sights before her, she began to get up, but stopped when she caught sight of something shiny on the wall. She paused and looked closer, brushing some of the dust off of it to see that it was a- A door hinge? That's strange. A hinge shouldn't be on the inside of a wall. Looking up, she saw another hinge, and then a perfectly straight crease in the wood. Is this...? Curiosity piqued, she gently pushed on the wall, surprised to find it easily giving way. Her jaw dropped as natural light flooded her vision and she recognized the stairwell, but it was from the view of- Hurrying out of the door, she stepped onto the carpeted floors (God, carpet . Her long lost friend) and shut the door, eyes landing on the painting of Brahms and his late parents. So the painting was a secret passage. She wondered why it was so big, but she'd figured it was just because Brahms was their only child and his parents had the money. So that meant there were probably other - many other - secret openings and passageways hidden throughout the house. Maybe even one for every room... She blinked, shivering at the thought of a secret door being in her bedroom. Snapping back to reality, she turned and cautiously looked around, listening for any indication that Brahms was near. She was only just beginning to truly realize how lucky she'd been so far as to keep both her life and her dignity intact. God only knew what he'd done to the other 'failed' nannies. She shrieked and jumped as a loud ringing rang up through the halls, and it took her a moment to recover from her shock before she realized it was one of the house telephones. It seemed to be coming from downstairs, and she had a sick feeling she knew exactly who it was. Cautiously making her way downstairs, she followed the incessant noise into the kitchen, spying the old rotary phone on the countertop. She stared at it, fearful of who was on the other end. But for all she knew it could have been help, and she couldn't just pass up that chance. However small it was. Steeling herself, she walked up to the phone and held it up to her ear. \"...Hello?\" At first all she heard was crackling silence, then- \"Greta?\" Her heart froze in her chest as the sound of Brahms' childlike voice came from the other end of the phone, and she wondered where exactly in the house he was. She looked up towards the ceiling, backing away as far as the cord would allow her as she searched for any sign of the masked man. \"Brahms?\" She spoke into the phone, searching. \"I'm sorry, Greta.\" He said. His voice was so innocent, and if she wasn't so scared she'd be able to detect the genuine guilt in his tone. \"I didn't mean to scare you. I was just afraid they'd take you away from me.\" She almost let herself feel sorry for him, but cut herself short when she heard a faint mumbling in the background of the receiver. It was distant, and definitely muffled, but it was there. Was it- Malcolm...? Trying to hide the urgency in her tone, she quickly asked, \"Brahms, where are you?\" \"I know you probably want to be alone, so I won't bother you today. Promise.\" She purses her lips, frustrated at his lack of response to her question. \"Brahms, it's alright, I forgive you,\" she said. \"Just please tell me where you are.\" \"Goodbye, Greta.\" \"Wait, Brahms-!\" But he had already hung up. Anger surging through her, she threw the phone as hard as she could across the room, though it didn't get very far being as it was corded to the ancient rotary dialer. She braced her hands on the counter, gripping the edge until her knuckles turned white. She had been so close, so close! Ugh, why couldn't she have just been able to find out where he was and then just leave? Why did life have to be so continuously hard on her? She closed her eyes and took deep breaths, trying to calm herself. It's okay, it's okay. At least now you know Malcolm's alive and somewhere in the house. Both of which are two major advantages. Everything's slowly coming together, so just keep your cool and continue as planned. \"Right...\" she whispered to herself. She went about her usual chores for the rest of the day, Brahms never once showing himself. Nightfall eventually came, and - with much difficulty - she slept, not knowing in the least what she was going to do in order to rescue Malcolm. Greta's eyes fluttered open the next morning, pleasantly surprised that she wasn't sick. Her oncoming sore throat from the day before seemed to have subsided (for now, at least), and aside from the fact that she was still being held captive in her employer's home, she felt perfectly fine. It was six forty-two a.m, and she dreaded the day's coming events. She didn't know for sure what would happen today, but with her current track record, it couldn't be good. She grunted and sat up, gasping at what she saw at the end of her bed; her necklace, shoes, and coral dress were set out neatly before her, laid out at the other end of the bed with care. Brahms had been in her room. He had come in at some time during the night and laid these out here, while she was still asleep. She frantically searched herself, checking to make sure all of her clothes were still there. She was relieved to find her bra still strapped and her pants still buttoned, but with someone as intelligent as Brahms that wasn't saying much. He could have easily just redressed her after having his way with her. She slowly pulled the covers from her legs as she stood up and rounded the bed, getting a better look at the articles of clothing that Brahms had left. She hadn't been staring for more than five seconds before she heard loud music begin to play downstairs, and she jerked her head towards the sound. But it wasn't the usual type of music he played, which had been nearly unbearable to her ears. No, this was more of a gentle classical, dare she say romantic kind of sound. A far cry from the typical opera he'd preferred. She looked again at the dress and began to put the pieces together. It was gradually becoming obvious. Brahms , she thought. He must have some kind of twisted fantasy he wants to play out so he can schmooze me over. Best not disappoint... Ignoring that last thought her mind threw at her, she shed her clothes and reached for the dress. She carefully rounded the corner to the reading room, feeling nervous as ever as to what was about to happen. She was fully decked out in the clothes Brahms had picked for her, necklace, shoes, dress and all. She spied Brahms standing by the record player, his back to her as he played with the needle on the record as the music played. He hulked over the ancient device, and the sight was almost funny...if not for the fact that he was so dangerous. Greta shifted uncomfortably on her feet, feeling the urge to fiddle with her dress. She felt extremely self-conscious, trying to impress a flat-out weirdo (or whatever she assumed his intentions were with giving her back the dress), but she feared what might happen if she refused. He might decide to finally kill her, or do away with Malcolm, or both. At this point, the last thing she wanted to do was upset him. Swallowing down the bile rising in her throat, she deliberately cleared her threat to get his attention. \"Ahem.\" Brahms immediately turned around, looking surprised at her appearance. He quickly turned the music down to a tolerable volume, and her ears silently thanked him. He must not have expected her so soon, or maybe he had just been too lost in thought to realize she was there. Either way, she hoped that this would go as smoothly as possible. For both their sakes. \"I'm...here.\" She said, not knowing what else to say. God, the silence was so awkward. Even the music wasn't helping. She fought the urge to squirm in place, feeling every ounce of tension under his stare. It was just so weird, him being so quiet and demure all the sudden. Especially considering his behavior from the day before. And to think she had almost let herself get comfortable, let herself feel safe. Ha! She wanted to scoff at the very thought. Brahms suddenly put an arm behind his back and bent forward, extending his other hand towards her. She jerked a little bit, not expecting this, and she let out a barely audible squeak. She was absolutely rigid, unsure of what to do. What the hell was this? Some kind of crazy fantasy he wanted to get out of his system? A ploy? An apology? What did he expect her to do? \"Uh...\" Hesitantly, Greta raised her hand and laid it in his, trying not to panic when he closed his fingers around hers. He rose to his full height and stepped back, pulling her with him, and brought up his other hand for her to take. She accepted, and they began to lightly sway to the music on the record player. She stared up at Brahms as they danced, unsure what to think. What was happening here, exactly? Were they coming to a truce? Was this an apology? A way of moving on from the past day's events? She didn't know. And considering Brahms' sporadic behavior, she probably never would. But, this was a pleasant change from yesterday, and even though she wasn't sure how to react to it, she sure as hell wasn't going to protest either. The instrumentals came to a high point and Brahms began to sway at a faster pace, twirling them around the room in sync with the music. Greta began to have trouble keeping up (after all, it wasn't like she practiced ballroom dancing every day), and her feet quickly fell out of sync with Brahms'. He noticed this, and as the piano dropped and the violin sang, he placed both his hands around her waist and lifted her up, spinning her around the room. \"Ah! Brahms!\" Greta gasped in shock, eyes going wide as she looked down from the alarming height she was at. She knew it was rather irrational for her to think that Brahms would drop her, given his obvious size and strength, but she couldn't help but feel that very same fear. He spun her all the way around the room before setting her back down on the floor, and they locked hands once again as they twirled and danced across the room. He dipped her and she stiffened - it was incredibly hard to be loose and carefree given her position - and he pulled her back up just as the song ended. She hadn't realized where in the room they were until she moved back and he moved forward to follow, and she bumped into one of the bookcases. She sputtered and panicked a bit, embarrassed at her blunder, adrenaline slowly dying as she realized how close they were. Brahms stared down at her, chest heaving lightly against hers as they both struggled to catch their breath, and for a moment she forgot where she was altogether. Because the way he stared at her, the way he was looking at her now, made her want to feel like she wasn't in any danger at all. She knew she wasn't thinking clearly, but she also couldn't seem to help herself. There was just something about the look in his eyes that radiated genuine love and affection, something that made her feel safe. Or at least want to. She couldn't imagine feeling any better being with Malcolm. Greta silently stared at Brahms' porcelain face, giving him a scared but gentle smile. He glanced at her lips, then back at her eyes, and she quickly realized that he was leaning down towards her. She froze. Oh God. He was going to kiss her. Her eyes widened, unable to do anything but watch as arms slowly closed off her escape and that white mask drew closer. She tried not to act frantic - after all, if she panicked now, who knew what would happen - but if Brahms noticed her unwillingness to reciprocate, he chose to ignore it. She was able to stop herself short of turning her head away just as Brahms' cold, hard lips pressed into her own. She squeezed her eyes shut, expecting this to be no different than when he had forced her to kiss him two nights ago, but was pleasantly surprised to find that to not be the case. This kiss was gentle, dare she say loving, and she amazingly didn't find herself wanting to jerk away in disgust. Brahms must have noticed her comfort with his closeness, because he brought his hands down to cup her face, drawing back for only a second before leaning in to kiss her again. Greta responded in kind, bringing her own hands up to his face, and their kiss gradually deepened, growing in intensity before Brahms pulled away. Greta gasped for breath, shocked at how quickly things had escalated. What was wrong with her? She should have been sick to her stomach at the very thought of kissing that dirty mask! She felt a sickness coming on, but it was more at not feeling disgusted than anything else. This place, this role she was playing, was clearly messing with her head. Severely. She was losing herself. She needed to get her head straight. She needed to be reminded of just how truly dangerous he was. Eyes alight with determination, Greta slid her hands further up his mask, fingers delving behind to the skin beneath. The reaction was immediate; Brahms violently tore away from her once he realized she was trying to take his mask off, backing into the record player and knocking over the stand. The loud crash made Greta jump and shriek, and she instantly regretted her decision. Brahms was hunched over by the fallen record stand, and though he wasn't at his full height, he was more dangerous looking than she had ever seen him. His eyes were wide and wild, and his stance reminded her of that of an animal, ready to do anything. She instinctively flattened herself against the bookcase, muscles tight as coiled up springs. She ceased breathing, too afraid to so much as blink lest he react in an even worse manner. Moments passed, though it felt like hours before one of them moved. Brahms suddenly jerked to her left, and she gasped and fell into the corner as he darted past her and she heard him disappear into the walls. She sat there for some time afterward, shaking and breathing heavily. She shouldn't have done that. She had probably just sealed her fate right there. For all she knew, he was off to kill Malcolm. God, what was she going to do? Greta sighed, long and hard, and buried her face in her hands.[Chapter 7] A/N: 11/03/2017 Sooo I really wanted to do a Halloween update. It didn't happen. Ah well. yolanicoletta : Thanks so much! Your reviews give me life! Kisses back from the US! DarknessAndDeath : Thank you thank you thank you for yet another encouraging review. It's great to know what you like about each chapter, I love it :) cleanstains : Thanks! Hope you enjoy the update! Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. We could be more , don't you run away We could be happier this way You could do more, don't you run away we could be happier Pale - Too Much~ Chapter Seven: Help and Hurt~ Several hours passed as she sat against the bookcase, thinking about what she was going to do. The house was so quiet, she could've heard a mouse scrounging around in a corner somewhere. She hadn't heard a peep out of Brahms; he must've either been doing the same thing she was or hiding so deep within the house she couldn't hear. Either way, she was glad she didn't have to deal with him. Greta glanced around the reading room, gaze landing on the broken shards of the mirror Brahms had burst through. God, it seems like ages ago , she thought. Sighing to herself, she slowly stood up and walked over to the mess, kneeling down to pick up the pieces. It astounded her one of them hadn't cut themselves yet. She proceeded to pick up the glass and tried not to think about how messed up her situation was. In what universe does an ordinary American nanny get whisked away to a British countryside home and left for dead with a psychotic masked man? Really? Stupid... She shook her head to herself as she gathered up the pieces in her hand. So stupid... Movement entered her peripherals, and Greta looked up as she was picking up the last piece of glass. Brahms stood in the opening of the wall cavity, half shrouded in darkness, staring down at her. \"Ah!\" She gasped, gripping the glass too tight in her panic as she jerked back. The blood started pouring almost immediately, and she looked down to see the dip of her thumb oozing red. Brahms reacted in seconds, rushing to her side in what she could only assume at this point was an attempt to help. She scrambled backwards in response, not in the least willing to trust him, but it did her no good as she was swept up into the arms of her captor. \"No!\" She screamed, trying to wrench herself free. \" No! \" He only held tighter to her in response, and she was only vaguely aware of the feeling of being carried upstairs in her struggle. \"No, stay away from me! Stay away! \" He turned one corner and then another, and before she knew it she was being plopped down onto something cold and ceramic. She blinked, registering that she was sitting in the bathroom on the toilet seat just as Brahms was grabbing hold of her hand and dragging it over into the sink. She jerked on instinct, but calmed when she realized that he was only cleaning it off. He looked relieved, or at least his eyes did. But she supposed that she couldn't really discern the truth in that observation without seeing his whole face. Not by a long shot. She would never know his true intentions. Anger bubbled inside her, and as she watched the cool, clear water run over her hand, she decided she'd finally had enough. Without warning, the fingers of Greta's free hand delved into the mass of curls at the back of Brahms' head and she shoved his face into the bathroom mirror. The sound of shattering glass pierced her ears and she shrieked, the whole thing playing out as if in slow motion. Knowing it was too late to go back, she took advantage of Brahms' shock and brought her foot into the back of his knee, causing him to lose balance. He grabbed her as he fell, and in the struggle they ended up in the bathtub. They were nothing but a violent tangle of limbs, confused and struggling for purchase. Greta's heart froze as sheer panic overtook her, not really knowing where his limbs started and hers ended. She somehow fought her way out of the tub, Brahms pulling at her shirt to try and regain control of the situation. She jerked forward as hard as she could, past the sink and the toilet, and she heard the loud clang of ceramic on porcelain as Brahms's grip loosened and disappeared. She surged forward across the room and stopped herself just shy of hitting the wall, whirling around to face her opponent. Brahms lay sprawled halfway out of the tub, immobile. Greta gasped. Is he...? Circling to get a better view, she saw that his chest was rising and falling, if only slightly. He's still alive. She peered down at his face, or what would have been his face, surprised to see the porcelain mask severely cracked. He must have really hit the sink hard. She momentarily froze, her mind going blank. Brahms was unconscious...Brahms was unconscious! Oh, shit , she thought. Panicking, she sprinted out of the bathroom and headed for the stairs. She didn't know how much time she had, and with her current track record, she knew it couldn't be much. But she'd be damned if she wasn't going to try. She scampered down to the first floor as fast as she could, rushing to the telephone in the kitchen and dialing the UK emergency service. \"Hello, what is your emergency?\" \"Yes, I need help, I'm being held captive by a masked man in the Heelshire house and I-\" She sounded hysterical even to her own ears, but she hoped the woman on the other end believed her. \"Woah, slow down, ma'am,\" the responder said. \"Where are you located?\" \"I'm being held against my will in the Heelshire home,\" she said, trying not to sound as rushed. \"There's a masked man here and he's holding me captive.\" \"Alright, ma'am, I'm gonna ask you to find someplace safe to hide for the time being, alright? I've just sent out a dispatch and they should be there shortly.\" Greta nodded even though the woman on the phone couldn't see, comforting herself with the thought that help was on the way. A far off scuffling sound jolted her from the phone, and her eyes went wide; Brahms was awake. \"Miss, if it's possible, I'm going to ask you to stay on the line until police arrive, is that al-\" \"He's awake...\" she whispered, terror seizing her. \"I'm sorry? Miss? ...Miss?\" Greta slowly set the phone back on the receiver and hung up, tiptoeing her way to the foyer to peek up at the staircase. She jumped as a loud crash pierced her ears, and she clamped a hand over her mouth to keep from making any sound as she heard Brahms tearing the place apart looking for her. Bad. This was bad. Heavy footsteps pounded down the stairs and Greta's entire body shook with panic as she hastily turned around to look for a place to hide. Finding nothing, she raced beneath the staircase as he came down, hoping he hadn't seen her. She nestled herself in the corner, curling into a ball beside the desk that sat underneath the steps. She wasn't sure if it was fate finally working with her or just plain blind luck, but Brahms ran down the steps and barreled right past her and straight into the kitchen, tearing open cupboards and slamming open doors. Not about to waste her chance, Greta scurried out from her hiding place and padded as softly as she could up the stairs, wanting to be anywhere he wasn't. Deciding to hide in her bedroom, she ran to her bed and got on her hands and knees, flipping up the covers to peek beneath. It was high enough from the floor that she should be able to fit. Still hearing things being torn apart downstairs - dishes, it sounded like - she hurried and weaseled herself underneath her bed, kicking the flap back down to completely hide herself from view. It was cold and cramped, and now that she was there she wasn't so sure it had been a good idea; if he found her, she wouldn't be able to get out or fend him off. The loud clangs and clamors were soon replaced by bangs and thumps as she heard Brahms move to the reading room, tearing books from their shelves and throwing chairs around. His actions rattled through the floors and into her fingertips, and she listened intently as he moved throughout the house. Eventually the noises came to a stop, and she began to hear muffled thumps fade into wood. Good, he was in the walls. If he was in the walls, he wasn't near her. He couldn't touch her, couldn't find her. This was good. Unless...unless he was going to hurt Malcolm. God, please be alright... She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to calm herself down. \"Police! Open the door!\" She gasped in relief and her heart absolutely jumped when she heard the oh-so-comforting sound of officers suddenly bursting through the front door. She'd never been so conflicted on what to do - her instincts screamed at her to go but her muscles clenched terribly for her to stay put - but she ultimately forced herself to move. Adrenaline rushing through her, she scrambled out from beneath the bed and made a run for the door- Strong arms caught her around her middle and hauled her backwards into a hard chest, and she'd never felt hope drain from her so fast. She kicked and screamed - \"Help!\" - but it did her no good as Brahms wrapped his arms tightly around her and hid them behind a wall in her closet. He covered her mouth and forced her not to move, and she could feel his heart hammering behind her head as the police ran upstairs to where they were. \"Police!\" A somewhat awkward silence followed, and creaks in the wood sounded beneath their feet as they explored the room, slow and cautious. \"Do you see anything?\" A male voice asked, muffled through the wall. \"No, nothing,\" another called back. \"Well keep looking. I definitely heard someone up here.\" Greta screamed at the top of her lungs but it didn't seem to do much good with Brahms' hand over her mouth. Tears began to stream down her face. Could they really not hear her? \"Hey, down here! I found something!\" The comfort of knowing someone safe was just feet from her disappeared as the two officers in her room ran downstairs. Their voices were incredibly muffled, but she was fairly certain she'd heard a, \"look at this.\" and a, \"how far does it go?\" They must have found the opening in the book room. It couldn't be much else. Maybe...maybe if they explored enough, they'd find her. Hope sparked within her once again. About a minute passed, maybe two, when they heard one of the officers getting close to where they were. Greta was elated, but Brahms hardly found any joy to be had with the situation; he slowly began moving them in the opposite direction of the intruders, heading towards the back of the house. A part of her hoped that he would forget where he was going and run into a dead end, but she knew better. Brahms was just as much a part of the house as the walls themselves. She was so conflicted it hurt; should she stay quiet? Wait for the right moment to try and escape? Be rescued? Or try to get away immediately and think about her actions later? Anxiety built inside her to the point of bursting, and Greta decided to take her chances. Fight or flight. Taking a moment to steel herself, she tightened her leg muscles in preparation to kick Brahms as hard as she could- \"Hey, I found something!\" She froze, listening intently to the officers on the other end of the wall. \"What is it?\" \"Up here, it's a man!\" \"A man? Dead or alive?\" Greta's breath hitched. It felt like a thousand heartbeats had passed before she heard an answer. \"He's unconscious, but alive. Come have a look!\" She nearly sobbed with relief. Malcolm... Brahms possessively tightened his grip on her, as though reading her thoughts. She sagged in his arms; he would never tolerate her being with anyone but him. He'd made that perfectly clear when he'd killed Cole and injured Malcolm. Brahms turned and began to back the both of them towards the other end of the house - to a secret room or just away from the police, she didn't know - when an audible 'click' stopped him dead in his tracks. Harsh light flooded past them and he turned Greta and himself towards the sound, his grip on her stiffening when they came face to face with an officer pointing a pistol and a flashlight at them. It was a younger man, probably late twenties, with blond hair and white eyelashes. He trembled behind his gun. \"S...stop right there, now. That's close enough. Just let the lady go and we won't have any problems. O- okay?\" Brahms' breaths came fast and warm against the top of her head, and Greta could tell he was panicking. She knew the cop was trying to help but he was making her captor incredibly nervous, and that was never a good thing when it came to people with severe mental health issues. Brahms retreated back the way they'd come, and the officer shakily followed, clearly unsure himself about what to do. \"Now, now, I said stop! Stay where you are! Or I'll shoot!\" Brahms continued to back away with Greta securely in his arms, disobeying the man's orders. She squeezed her eyes shut under the harshness of the flashlight, too bright for her sensitive eyes. And that was the last thing she saw before a loud gunshot pierced her ears.[Chapter 8] A/N: 01/12/2018 Hello again! Sorry it's been so long! I wasn't sure where exactly to take this thing for the longest time and I struggled like crazy with the last part of the chapter. I'm still deciding on where Brahms and Greta are going to be by the end of the story, but I've got an idea now. I hope you guys like this chapter. I almost didn't post it because I thought it was too OOC towards the end. But whatever, it's done. Yolanicoletta : Thank you! Here's more! :D DarknessAndDeath : Hey thanks a lot, I'm glad you liked the last chapter and hopefully you like this one as well. Pinning everything on Malcolm and having the police arrest him instead of Brahms would have actually been a pretty brilliant idea, but alas, I went with this. Enjoy the update :) Ethereal Sphere : Woah thank you! I'm really glad you like the way I write Greta and Brahms! Hopefully you like this update! dontcallmeprincess : Hey! Hope you're still alive for this update! Guest : Oh gosh thank you so much. I really tried my best with this thing to make it as believable and in-character as possible. I picture it in my mind as being a legitimate possible alternate version of the movie. Anyway I hope you like this next chapter :) Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. In my dream (in my dream) It was all so very perfect In my dream (in my dream) It was never bad at all In My Dream - Fyfe Monroe~ Chapter eight: Rescued~ Her eyes fluttered open, lids heavy with exhaustion. Her blurry vision slowly focused on the ceiling above her, dark and tinted with multicolored street lights from outside. ...Street lights? She rolled her head to the right, towards a window she was certain hadn't been there before in her room, coming to face a view she knew didn't exist in the Heelshire Home; it was a country house, and yet this was a city view. Confused, Greta began to sit up, stopping when she felt a tug on her left arm. She looked down, still groggy from sleep, and saw that she had an IV hooked up to her. What...? She pawed at it a little, running her fingers over it to make sure it was actually there, and raised her head to look at her surroundings. It was nighttime. She was in a hospital room. The beeping of the various machines around her finally filtered through her ears, and she struggled to remember what had happened to get her there. A sudden chill ran up her spine, and she froze, a feeling of danger rolling through her entire body and shaking her to her core. A breeze blew in, rustling the curtains to the window she was sure hadn't been open before, and a sudden shift in the darkness drew her attention to the space just past the window, a few yards away. It moved slowly towards her, and she could only stare as a looming, black shadow came into view. The bone white of Brahms' mask reflected the red, green, and yellow street lights outside, and she shrank back in fear. The machines began to beep faster along with her increasing heart rate, and she swore he seemed to grow in size as he loomed over her, every bit as imposing and terrifying as she'd always imagined him to be capable of being. He advanced on her, swooping in like a hawk would its prey, and she screamed as he crawled atop her and wrapped his hands around her throat- \"Ah!\" Greta gasped awake, breathing heavily as the machines in her hospital room slowed to a steady rhythm. She took a few moments to assure herself that she wasn't in any danger, that it was just a dream, but had little success. Brahms was nowhere to be seen, but be that as it may, she knew very well that someone like him was perfectly capable of getting to her if he so wished it. She rubbed her face and took a long, deep breath to calm herself. The click of the door on the far side of her room snapped her to attention, and a police officer entered. She recognized him as one of the officers who rescued her. \"Hello, Greta, I'm Officer Hayes. How are you feeling?\" He asked, coming to stand at her bedside. \"Uh...fine, I guess,\" she said, reaching up to touch her throat. \"How did I get here?\" The policeman looked bewildered. \"Wha...you don't remember?\" She shook her head. \"Miss...you were being held captive by that deranged lunatic in the Heelshire Home. We found you in the wall cavities and shot him...\" he paused to see if any of what he was saying had jerked her memory. \"You passed out shortly after, doctor said it was from exhaustion and emotional trauma. So you were admitted into nearest hospital. Does...any of this make sense?\" Greta thought for a moment. Flashes of memories flitted through her mind, small pieces gradually coming back to her. Brahms, book room, Malcolm, bathtub, wall cavity, policemen, bright light... It wasn't as vivid as it should have been, at least not to her, but it was a start. Hopefully she would get the rest of her missing time back soon. She looked up at Hayes. \"Is...is he...\" \"Dead?\" He finished for her. She nodded. \"No, ma'am. The bullet only grazed him. He's since been evaluated and admitted into an asylum for the criminally insane.\" She wasn't sure why she breathed a sigh of relief. \"How long have I been out?\" \"Only a couple of days.\" Hayes replied. \"Long enough for Brahms to be admitted and your male friend to recover from his poor conditions in captivity.\" She drew in a sharp breath. \"Malcolm? Is he okay?\" \"He's fine, ma'am. No worse for wear, I believe. Doctors held him for a few hours, asked him questions, and he was on his merry way.\" \"Oh...is he...is he still here?\" She asked. \"As a matter of fact, he's in the downstairs cafeteria,\" he said cheerily. \"I can go and fetch him if you want.\" \"Yes, please.\" He smiled and turned to leave, exiting through her door and closing it softly behind him. Greta observed her surroundings, looking at the pale walls and wooden floors. Her bedsheets were a pastel blue, and she fiddled with a loose thread on them for a few moments while she waited for officer Hayes to bring Malcolm up. Everything around her was calm and sterile, almost to the point where she felt as though whoever had been hired to decorate had been trying too hard. She looked to her left, catching sight of a tiny alarm clock on her nightstand. It was eleven forty-three a.m. It hurt her head to think about how much later (or earlier) it was in U.S. time. Her sister was probably worried sick. The door clicked open and she raised her head just in time to see Malcolm peeking in to see her. \"Greta?\" She smiled widely, though still slightly tired. \"Malcolm!\" He stepped into the room and practically sauntered up to her, leaving officer Hayes to stand guard behind the door. \"Oh, my God, I'm so glad you're alright.\" He hugged her, squeezing her tightly, and Greta closed her eyes to relish the feeling of being safe that she had grown so accustomed to when in his presence. \"Me too.\" She chuckled as he pulled away. His face took on a serious tone. \"It's no laughing matter, Greta. You could have died .\" Her smile faded, knowing he was right. \"Yeah, I know.\" A beat of silence passed, and Malcolm sighed, expression softening. \"...How are you feeling?\" \"Better,\" she nodded. \"It's funny, I...I almost can't believe this is happening. That it has happened.\" \"I know.\" He agreed, sighing yet again. \"I almost have trouble believing it myself. And I'm the one who had to deal with all the questions. You got lucky and passed out.\" He chuckled a bit and she did the same. \"Yes, well some of us had to deal with Brahms at a much more personal level than they were comfortable with.\" She gave him a pointed look, and noticed Malcolm's expression twist into something she couldn't decipher. He stared off into space, the corners of his mouth falling slack. \"...You know, I was up there for a while. In the...the room where he...kept his...his mementos of you.\" Greta's eyes widened the smallest fraction as she absorbed his words. She waited for him to continue. \"It was sick and twisted, but...I think...I think in some strange, odd way...I think he really did care for you.\" His gaze finally shifted back to her, and she tried her best to hide her shock. She opened her mouth to ask him exactly what he meant by that, but was unable to do so as officer Hayes chose that moment to interrupt. \"Excuse me, miss, but there are a couple of docs here to evaluate you.\" A doctor and a nurse entered the room and made their way towards her, and she knew that she would have to save her question for another time. She looked at Malcolm, who tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and kissed her forehead before leaving to let the doctors do their job. \"How are you feeling, Miss?\" Greta responded that she was fine, and simply let the nurse do her checkup while the doctor asked her questions and tacked off things on his clipboard, all the while thinking of Brahms and how he was doing in a place that must have been so foreign to him. As far as she knew, he had never been anywhere except his parent's house his whole life, and now he had been thrown into a padded room somewhere being poked and prodded by people he didn't know. In a way, she felt guilty - she had done this to him - and part of her wanted to do things differently, perhaps find another way for things to end. But she knew deep down that nothing was really her fault, nor was anything really his. They were simply victims of circumstance, and things had merely worked out the way they were meant to. She hoped Brahms was okay. \"How long were you hired to be the caretaker of the Heelshire home?\" Greta squinted underneath the harsh light of the overhead lamp, feeling awkward as she sat across from the officer. After it was decided she was in good health, the doctor had given her a release form from the hospital and she had been escorted to the police station by officer Hayes. If only she was being questioned by him as well. \"Uh, just a few months. They told me they were going on a trip and needed someone to watch after their son.\" Her questioner, officer Bluhm, was far less sociable than Hayes. While she could respect that he wanted to draw a visible line between work and social life, she also thought that it wouldn't hurt to break the ice at some point and at least take the edge off. After all, it wasn't like she was the one who had committed the crime. Still, she wasn't about to tell him that. \"And before that, did you have any interactions with the Heelshires? Did you know them prior to this job?\" She shook her head. \"No. No, I- I never knew of them until I responded to their online ad asking for a babysitter.\" He didn't look at her as he spoke, just asked question after question and marked things off, much like her doctor had. It was starting to make her fidget. \"And what about the ex-boyfriend, Cole?\" She looked down at her hands. \"He, uh...he's dead.\" Bluhm looked up at her. \"I know. We found his body outside in the woods, about a mile past the home. It was hard to identify, as it was half-eaten by rats, but it was him.\" Greta's mouth fell open. So that was what Brahms had done with him. Bluhm continued. \"What I'm wondering is his connection to all this. According to what we could dig up, he has no ties to the Heelshires, and you two hadn't seen each other in over a year. So how does his body end up in the U.K. where you happen to be at the time? I understand he was abusive?\" She felt her throat tighten. Did she really have to talk about this? \"We had been having problems almost since we met. I got pregnant and he promised that he would change, but...he didn't. I had a miscarriage and left him, thinking he wouldn't follow me...I was wrong.\" He nodded. \"And the miscarriage? Was it because of him as well?\" She swallowed thickly, unable to look at him. \"Yes.\" \"I see.\" Silence followed, and the squeaking of officer Bluhm's chair as he leaned back in it felt as loud as a gunshot to her ears. He looked over his checklist, seeming to come to a decision on something before tossing it onto the table and leaning forward again, lacing his hands together as he looked at her beneath the harsh light. \"Look, the reason I'm asking you all of these questions isn't because I think you've done anything wrong. In fact, I think you're a brave and resourceful woman for having been able to go through what you did and come out the other side of it unharmed.\" When he didn't continue, she asked, \"Then why am I here?\" \"Because the Heelshires recently updated their will. We found it when we searched the house after apprehending Brahms Heelshire. Miss Evans, the entirety of the Heelshire fortune and estate now falls to you.\" Shock painted Greta's face. She sat there staring at the officer across from her with her mouth hanging open like a fish, completely blindsided by what he had said. That had never been agreed upon in their emails. \"I...but...they'd have to be-\" \"Killed,\" Bluhm finished for her. \"They were found drowned in a lake nearly two weeks ago. We went to pay their grocery boy a visit to question him, and when he wasn't there, we went to the house. No one had answered the first time. Now we know why.\" She retreated inside herself for a few moments, trying to think. \"...Miss Evans, what do you plan to do?\" She looked up, locking eyes with the officer. \"What do you mean?\" \"Do you plan to keep the fortune? The house? Because if so, there's a lot to go over.\" At her silence, he added, \"You don't need to decide right now, but we will need an answer. As I'm sure you can imagine, we don't deal with international wills very often, and depending on what you want to do, it's very complex.\" He leaned back in his chair once more and stood up, taking his clipboard with him. \"Take your time. Think things through. Come back when you've made a decision.\" He began to walk away and leave the room, but Greta quickly twisted in her chair and opened her mouth before she could think. \"Where is Brahms?\" He turned to her, a confused look on his face. \"The Heelshire boy? In an asylum being looked after by psychiatrists. Why?\" She steeled her gaze as she looked at him. \"Can you tell me where?\" Yorkshire Hospital for the Criminally Insane was something out of a horror movie. It looked like an abandoned prison, with age-old brick and barbed wire fences, and dying trees as far as the eye could see. It was nothing short of unsettling, and Greta almost expected to see ghosts shadowing along its reinforced walls. She followed swiftly behind one of the doctors in charge of overseeing the patients, not wanting in the least to be left behind. The last thing she wanted was to end up lost in this place. \"I've seen a lot of patients in my day, but...never anything like Brahms.\" Doctor Leia Bonham sounded almost giddy as she spoke of Brahms, and Greta went decidedly silent. She made her uneasy to say the least, and she suddenly wasn't so sure if some of the doctors in this place shouldn't be patients. They walked a ways more down the hall and came to a stop at a large metal door on their left. \"I've been wondering how he would react around you,\" Dr. Bonham said as she unhinged the complicated lock on the door. \"But I wasn't sure if you'd ever come.\" She smiled at Greta as she opened the door and motioned her inside. Cautiously, Greta peeked around the door and past the doctor into a white padded room, stepping up to the threshold of the door. Brahms sat huddled in the corner, his back to them, holding his head and rocking back and forth. \"We're not afraid of him hurting himself, he's too intelligent for that,\" Dr. Bonham said. \"But he's been...withdrawn, since we took his mask.\" Greta snapped her gaze to the older woman. \"You took his mask?\" She shrugged. \"It had to be done. It made the staff uncomfortable and upper management wouldn't let us keep it. We have it locked away in storage for the police to collect as evidence, but they've yet to come.\" Greta nodded, a silent 'oh' forming on her lips. She wasn't so sure about this now. Brahms had always been...decent to her, but he had always had his mask. Always. And she knew how conscientious he was about his face, about the burns. This suddenly didn't seem like a very good idea. She started to take a step back, but stopped herself when she realized that after the hell she'd been through, this should be the least of her worries. She was safe, she was protected, and this was what she had come here for. She wanted to see Brahms, she needed to see Brahms. This was...part of her recovery process. It needed to be done. Steeling herself, Greta put one foot into the room, then the other. Timidly, she approached Brahms, gauging his reaction with each step; he didn't seem to have one. She tried her best to ignore the overexcited doctor behind her - after all, she knew she wasn't going to lock her in there with him and let him maul her to death (most likely, anyway) - but it proved quite difficult. Having someone so giddy as one of the head doctors in a place like this was, to say the least, unsettling. She finally stopped just behind him, only about a foot away, and waited for him to do something or at least acknowledge that she was there. But he didn't. He just sat there, rocking back and forth with his fingers tangled in the curls of his hair. His mind must have taken a toll when they took his mask away. Or maybe some crazy part of him actually missed her. For all she knew, it was both. Slowly, cautiously, Greta bent down and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. \"Brahms...\" He immediately stilled, and her breath hitched. Moments passed, and when nothing happened, she tried again. \"Brahms, it's me. Greta.\" As soon as her name passed her lips, he tore away from her and shoved her backwards, hard, onto the floor. Luckily for her, the floors were padded, so her fall was broken, but the shock of it shook her. She gasped, seeing that Brahms had moved from one corner to the other once she regained her bearings, still refusing to look at her. She heard movement behind her, probably from the two guards, but she wasn't ready to leave just yet. Not without one more try. \"Brahms, please. It's me, Greta. I just want to see you.\" She got up and went towards him again, but this time it was his voice that stopped her. \"No.\" She froze, completely shocked to hear his voice, his real voice. \"B...Brahms, please. I just...I need to know you're okay.\" He curled his arms around himself, drawing further into the corner. \"No...you...you can't... see me like this...\" Greta's face fell, though no one could see it. She truly felt sorry for the man in front of her. She knew she shouldn't, that he was a horrible person who had done horrible things to her, Malcolm, and Cole (and countless others), but he was still a victim in his own way. She could only imagine how he had felt after that fire, how his parents had felt. She would probably never know the events or reasons that lead up to the doll, but she was sure it was tragic. It made her wonder if monsters could have been normal human beings if only for the presence of someone who cared. She thought out her response, tone careful so as not to startle him. \"Brahms, I don't care what you look like. I just want to see you. Please.\" His voice was deep and gravelly, screechy, almost, as he replied, \"You need to leave. You can't see me like this, no one can see me like this!\" She jumped at his raised voice, and contemplated backing down and sparing herself the danger. She knew it was risky enough talking to him as it was, and he was clearly trying not to fly off the handle. It wouldn't have been smart to do anything other than leave like he asked. But... Greta crept closer until she was within touching distance of the frail man huddled in the corner at her feet. She bent down to whisper in his ear. \"I'll leave if that's what you want. But know that it might be a long time before I get to see you again.\" She let her words sink in before threading her fingers through his hair and placing a kiss on the back of his head and turning to leave. She took measured, deliberate steps, waiting for him to turn back and stop her, to beg her to stay. But he didn't. She reached the end of the room and stepped back out into the hall, looking back to see the edge of Brahms' frame as a disappointed Dr. Bonham closed and locked the door. \"I had so hoped he would react more to your presence. The shock of everything that's happened in the past couple of days must still have a hold on him. Ah, well. Maybe next time.\" She turned to Greta and smiled. \"Do you need a ride home?\" The younger woman blinked, slightly taken aback by the question. She was feeling so many things at the moment - concern, hurt, disappointment - that she was having a bit of a hard time processing her words. \"U- Uh, no, thank you. I've got someone waiting for me outside.\" She was escorted back to the front of the building by the two guards and taken to her car, which one of the officers had been kind enough to give her a ride in. She told the cop to take her back to the station, where Malcolm would pick her up and let her stay with him until they got things sorted out with the will and investigation. Greta sighed and plonked her forehead against the passenger window. She had come here for answers. For closure. She wasn't quite sure why, but she had left with even more confused feelings towards Brahms and her situation than she had when she'd arrived.[Chapter 9] A/N: 11/09/2018 FINALLY BACK WITH A NEW CHAPTER. GEEZ. I am so sorry this took so long, I wanted to upload this for Halloween but as you can see I'm a little late. Hope you enjoy this chapter anyways, hopefully I haven't lost my touch X( Thank you to Nicole , Ichigoblossom23 , Guest , Brahmsy , cat105 , GenderbentQueen , Emma White , OneViruz , SKYSPRITE , Ponyboy18 , Jennifer , fanfic authoress , watchermostcharmed , HappyHime , Lemon Biscuit , and redxcanary for your reviews. You guys are freaking amazing and the support you give me for my writing is just awesome. Honestly I may never have updated if not for you guys :) DarknessAndDeath : Yes, I totally ship GretaxBrahms romantically. Though I can't really see a happy future for the two of them realistically, I do think that with the right mental help Brahms could learn to be a normal, decent human being that would be allowed out in public (I mean Brahms is pretty intelligent so it's not like his mind is lost). I do plan on writing a happy ending for these two though, hopefully it doesn't disappoint :) Disclaimer: I do not own The Boy. Show me how it ends, it's alright Show me how defenseless you really are Satisfied and empty inside Well that's alright, let's give this another try Breaking Benjamin - So Cold~ Chapter nine: Encounter~ When Malcolm had offered to let her stay with him until things were sorted out with the police and the Heelshire's will, Greta hadn't expected there to be other occupants. She had always perceived Malcolm to be a sort of bachelor or loner, and so was very surprised to find a mother and two very young siblings waiting on the other side of the door as he opened it for her to go inside. Wide eyes on little faces stared her down, strangely awed at having such a pretty stranger in the house. And then the inevitable barrage of questions came. \"Are you the one everyone's been talking about?\" \"How did you escape?\" \"You're so pretty.\" \"Who was that other bloke they said went missing?\" \"Wha- hey- it's just until she gets properly settled,\" Malcolm kindly but firmly told his siblings, interrupting their ridiculously loud chatter. \"Is she the one that's been on the telly?\" One of them - the middle child, she guessed - asked. Greta looked questioningly at Malcolm, who gave his younger brother a correcting look. As if to prove the validity of their question, the children led them into the living room of their tiny flat and switched on the television, flicking a couple of channels over to the news station. \"Authorities are currently still investigating the case of American nanny Greta Evans and the sudden death of Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire, who were found two weeks prior drowned in a lake, apparently by suicide. The sole living heir to the Heelshire fortune and estate, Brahms Heelshire, previously thought dead, is currently being held in an asylum for the criminally insane. It is currently unclear what will happen to the remaining fortune left behind by the late Heelshires, but we will keep you up to date the moment we get more information.\" Greta looked to Malcolm, an odd look of shock decorating her features. Malcolm only looked at her apologetically, as though to say he was sorry but there was nothing he could do. She supposed she should have expected to see herself on the news, but she hadn't thought much of it since waking in the hospital. It had been the last thing on her mind up to this point, and she wondered how much the story had been twisted in her home country, or if it had even made it that far. Watching it on the news, though, it almost felt as if it wasn't her at all, but someone else's story to feel sorry about. It's like something from a horror movie , she thought, not quite believing it herself. How often did things like this happen? Let alone in the quiet British countryside? She should have known better than to think anyone would respect her privacy after the experience. \"Okay,\" Malcolm's mother cheered abruptly, clapping her hands and making everyone jump. \"Who's ready for supper?\" \"My God, Greta, are you okay?\" \"I'm fine, Sandy.\" After dinner, Greta had asked very kindly if she could use the house phone, a luxury which Malcolm's mother graciously granted. She had a feeling that under normal circumstances she wouldn't have been allowed (and she knew international calls weren't cheap) but Malcolm's mother was kind, and therefore understood her need to touch base with her sister back in America, if only for a few minutes. \"God, I can't believe what they're saying on the news. They haven't really told us much over here, though. It's like your story is being overlooked by all the other crazy stuff that's going on...it makes me mad.\" \"Don't be,\" Greta consoled. \"I'm perfectly fine, so it's not like my story needs justice.\" In all honesty, Greta was glad they weren't focusing much on what had happened to her back home. It would mean less shame and embarrassment for her once she returned. The last thing she wanted was to be known as that girl who had been held hostage by a British psycho. Her sister sighed. \"You're right. I guess I can't expect anything different. I'm glad you're okay, Greta.\" Greta smiled even though her sibling couldn't see it. \"Me too. Tell Morgan I said hi.\" \"I will. Love you.\" \"Love you too.\" She gently set the phone back on its receiver, mixed emotions swirling inside her. Greta's eyes drifted open, darkness meeting her. Malcolm had put her up in their only spare guest room, which had been converted into a crafting room some odd years ago, and it would be polite to say the space was a little cramped. Things had to be moved around and dug through just to get to the pull-out bed, and it was so small Greta doubted another person could even fit onto it properly. Though in all honesty she was glad for it; she knew he would never hurt her, or try to put her in an uncomfortable situation, but Malcolm still clearly cared for her, and in a way she knew now she didn't reciprocate. After Brahms, she didn't think she could handle being intimate with anyone for a very long time, and the bed merely gave her an easy excuse for Malcolm. Pale, shadow-covered cement greeted her vision, and she was so tired she felt nothing but exhaustion and irritation at having woken up. She closed her eyes and rested her forehead against the cold wall, trying to get back to sleep, when she felt a mild buzzing at the back of her skull. The kind you get when you feel like you're being watched. Slowly, Greta opened her eyes, and shifted onto her back. She nearly screamed when her eyes landed on a tall figure hulking over the edge of her bed, their black silhouette like a void ready to suck her soul from her body. She reigned in the sound rising from her throat and turned it into a strangled gasp, her hand rushing to her mouth in hopes none of the other occupants in the flat overheard. Several very long seconds passed before she decided that no one else had been roused from their sleep, and she gradually dropped her hand with trembling movements. Rustling curtains by an open window beyond the intruder told her of their means of entry, and upon looking closer, she could see the edges of a mask on their face. Her muscles immediately relaxed at knowing who her visitor was, but she wasn't sure if that was a good thing. \"Brahms?\" A dream. This had to be a dream. There was no way- He raised his head at the sound of his name, and as he stepped closer and the light hit him, she saw that she was right. Except it wasn't Brahms, not like she remembered. His mask was wrinkled and misshapen, and there were carefully painted brows and lashes around the eye openings. It looked to be paper mache, and she remembered Dr. Bonham telling her that they had confiscated his mask. He must have made himself a new one. \"Brahms...\" she said again, cautiously. \"You shouldn't be here. If anyone finds out you're here it'll mean big trouble for everyone.\" Her mind whirled; how had he found her? How did he know where she was? How had he gotten here? She bit her tongue to stop herself from saying more; she hated that she still felt the instinct to speak to him as though he were a child. This was a man - a dangerous man - and she had to treat him as such. \"Did you mean it, Greta?\" He asked suddenly, and she couldn't help but furrow her brows in confusion as he tilted his head and stepped closer. \"Did you mean what you said?\" Puzzled and slightly panicked, Greta racked her brain for what he was referring to. No...you...you can't... see me like this. Brahms, I don't care what you look like. I just want to see you. Please. You need to leave. You can't see me like this, no one can see me like this! Her lips parted as the memories of their last conversation drifted back to her, and Greta stared up at him, so close now, with as comforting and honest of an expression as she could muster. \"Of course I meant it, Brahms. Have I ever lied to you?\" Had she? She had deceived him, yes, many a time. But lied? She couldn't think of a time she had flat out lied. Not to him. She knew she was going out on a limb as Brahms began to seriously consider her question, and Greta sincerely hoped for both of their sakes that he wasn't able to recall a time when she had been dishonest with him. She waited, the seconds passed, and ultimately Brahms shook his head 'no'. She breathed a sigh of relief, and instantly felt more at ease. That ease was quickly crushed, however, when Brahms slowly came to sit down beside her and gently took her hands in his own, placing her fingers on either side of his mask. Greta's mouth fell open in shock, not quite believing what was happening. The one thing she'd resisted doing, the source of the curiosity she felt burning behind her eyes every time she looked at him, the thing she'd once used to remind herself how dangerous he was, was being offered freely to her right now. She blinked, pursing her lips and thinking. Considering. She knew what she was going to do. They both did. But that didn't mean she felt comfortable with it. Unable to control herself any longer, Greta gently closed her fingers around the edges of the mask, and slowly, carefully pulled it off. She tried to control the gasp that escaped her lips but was unsuccessful; nothing could have prepared her for the sight of his true face. In all honesty, it wasn't as bad as she had originally pictured; she had conjured up this twisted, vomit-inducing, god-awful Freddy Krueger type face that even a mother couldn't love. She knew it was cruel, and that Brahms wasn't a terrible person for his looks alone (albeit a misguided one), but when you wonder about something long enough your imagination simply starts to run wild. And she had figured it best to assume the worst in case she ever did get the chance to see his face, as she was now. Brahms had grown rigid as she stared and said nothing, and Greta quickly made to make light of it. She didn't want him assuming the worst. \"This is what you were worried about?\" She smiled and raised a hand to his face, keeping her movements slow so as not to startle him. The tips of her fingers brushed against the leathery texture of the burnt skin beside his eye; it really wasn't all that bad, only a portion of his face had been burned. And judging from the scorch marks she remembered seeing on the side of the Heelshire home, it could have been much, much worse. She stroked his face in a loving manner, her thumb brushing over his lips. \"You're beautiful, Brahms. Very handsome.\" And he was. Without the burns, he would have been rather attractive. Hell, even with them, he looked alright. It was strange how an injury could boost or degrade one's appearance in the eyes of others. Scars, especially. She smiled gently at him as she ran her hand over his face, memorizing every dip and curve as best she could; she might not get the chance again. It wasn't until their lips brushed that she realized how close they were, and beyond her better judgment, Greta found herself closing her eyes and allowing herself to be kissed, to kiss him back. Brahms' lips were soft and gentle, only the corner of his mouth being burnt and slightly warped, and Greta found that while she was extremely uncomfortable, she didn't feel even the slightest hint of disgust at being so close to him. She would be lying to herself if she said she hadn't thought about it, wondered what it would be like to kiss him at some point; but they were merely passing thoughts she hadn't considered could ever become a reality the way they were now. Brahms kissed her with a bit more fervor, backing her into the wall as an audible 'thump' vibrated through the room. Normally, she would have been concerned as to whether or not Malcolm or anyone else had heard her (did Brahms realize whose house this was?), but at the moment it was the least of her worries. He drifted from her mouth to her jaw, making his way down her neck as she wrapped her arms around him and threaded her fingers through his hair. The sudden sound of sirens broke them apart, and Brahms hurried to the window to see what the commotion was. It sounded like an ambulance, but it may just as well have been police cars. He looked back to her, and she could tell leaving her side was the last thing he wanted, but Greta was far more concerned with his safety than anything else. \"You need to get out of here,\" she warned. \"Now.\" His body language told her he was torn - he didn't want to go but he knew he couldn't stay, either - but she knew him; fact and logic would win out over all else. As the sirens sounded closer, Brahms locked eyes with her one final time before taking his mask and putting it back in place, climbing out the window and disappearing into the night. Greta instinctively kicked off her sheets and ran after him, but to her dismay he was nowhere to be seen. The sirens came blaring around the corner - they were police - and she felt her blood run cold as they came closer. They were here for her. She knew it. She- But she watched, frozen in place as the police cars sped toward her flat...and right past her. She stared, feeling a little foolish and more than a little paranoid as they disappeared around the next block. So they weren't here for her. For Brahms. But if that was the case, then that could only mean- \"They don't know he's here,\" she whispered to herself. And if they didn't know he was there, that could only mean they didn't know he had escaped yet. Her head hurt to think of how he had even maneuvered his way to where she was, let alone escape. When she thought about it, she supposed the mental institute wasn't that far away from where she was staying with Malcolm, but how could he even know of her location? Or how to get there? As far as she knew, he had never left the Heelshire home. It really didn't make any sense, but she also knew that Brahms was far more intelligent than he let on. If he wanted to know how to get to her, he would find a way. The sirens faded and Greta reluctantly shut the window, drew the curtains and got back into bed, feelings of restlessness overtaking her even in sleep. \"So what have you decided?\" Greta's head shot up, attention swayed from her eggs and toast. \"Hm?\" \"About the will,\" Malcolm's mother asked, handing her a cup of tea. Greta didn't like tea, but accepted it out of respect for Malcolm and all his family had done for her. \"That's quite a hefty fortune you've inherited. Should you accept it.\" She could tell that Malcolm's mother was just curious and not trying to intentionally be nosy, but she herself didn't really know what she was going to do. She hadn't really thought about it all that much, only what she was going to do about Brahms. But the sudden question emitted an automatic response that even she hadn't been prepared for. \"Oh. Um...I- I think I'm gonna keep it.\" The clattering of utensils against plates ceased around her and everyone was suddenly staring. \"...Really?\" Malcolm asked, shocked but trying to hide it. \"After all you've been through in that house you want to...keep it?\" Controlling the amount of blood rushing to her face, Greta nodded and tried to make light of the subject. \"Uh...yeah. I mean, the only thing that made it a bad experience was Brahms, and...he's gone now. And it's a nice house. I'd hate to see it crumble away. Or worse; get bought out by some rich snob that only stays there on 'holiday'.\" The kids chuckled at her attempt at a British accent, and Malcolm and his mother tried to hide their smiles. They were so similar, she noticed. It was obvious who Malcolm took after. \"Uh...well, I...guess we better head to the police station after breakfast, yeah?\" Greta nodded, albeit reluctantly; even she couldn't believe what she had just said. Oh, well. Can't go back on it now. \"Yeah. Yeah, sounds great.\" The kids left to get ready for school and the grownups continued eating, and Greta finished her eggs and toast with a nauseous feeling in her stomach. A/N: I actually wanted this chapter to be longer, but I thought this was a good cutoff point. I had planned on ending the story with this chapter, but I think we have at least one or two more to go before that can happen. Much thanks to anyone still reading this, I know it's been a while and thank you for your patience ;^; 'Til next time! ","Summary":" A/N: I know I probably shouldn't be posting this, as I have plenty of other stories that need finis"},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Between Hell and Heaven","Author":"Liondove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6274315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BETWEEN HELL AND HEAVEN What happens when a bunch of eleventh-graders that go to a boarding school have a dance? It's complete Hell, with girls wearing clothes that show stomach, cleavage, and legs, and boys wearing sagging pants and big shirts. Now picture that, but add on two things: they go to an expensive, religious boarding school. Yeah, I know, right? Welcome to my world. It's a pain in the ass to go to a private school, but a religious one, too? Just this fact alone will help you imagine what my parents are like. I'll help you. My mom wears ankle-length dresses every day. In the winter she wears boots, and in the summer she wears sandals; in between she wears wide flat black shoes. She never talks louder than a light whisper, and prays when she gets up, before she eats, after she eats, and before she goes to bed. She doesn't wear make-up or drink any sort of alcohol, doesn't wear any jewelry besides her wedding ring (a gold band) and her crucifix earrings made of white stones. She doesn't swear, doesn't argue, and doesn't order. She's quiet, calm, and stays out of the way. She does all the housework, knits sweaters, and follows whatever my father says. My father wears a suit every single damn day, all 365 days. He keeps his hair short, doesn't have any facial hair, and keeps a Bible with him at all times. He prays as much as my mother, leading the prayer before meals with heavy emotion. He drives a gray grandpa car, doesn't drink, smokes his pipe—pipe!—out on the porch every night as he reads the paper, and makes me do my homework at the kitchen table, checking over everything twice when I'm done. He doesn't get the math, but what the hell, he can pretend, right? I have to wear a white blouse, white tights, flat black shoes, a blue skirt, and a plain blue jacket with my initials embroidered in fancy cursive in small white letters over my heart. For winter we have black boots and windbreakers, and a heavy blue jacket to wear over our every-day jacket if it's not raining but just cold. We are instructed not to raise our skirts, not to wear high heels, not to sag our pants (boys, since they're the only ones that get to wear pants), not to wear any visible undergarments (bras) under our blouses, and not to cut our hair any shorter than shoulder-length. Boys can't get it any longer than jaw-length. Our blue shoulder bags aren't supposed to have anything 'gang' or outside-sinning-world-related on them, and if it breaks, then we fix it. If a boy's bag breaks, they have to ask their Mom to fix it or, usually, get a new one. And if one of us is lucky enough to have a nervous breakdown from all this religion and holiness? Go to the church and pray you will survive long enough to run away and see the real world. I never had a best friend; no one wanted to become friends with a weirdo like me. And since I was a new girl from Boston in a special part of San Francisco where all the rich people lived in their own little safe Catholic community, I didn't know what to expect. Okay, I think I've told you enough to understand enough of my life. Now I'll start my story.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 I looked at myself in the mirror. I twisted and turned, looking at myself at every angle. \"You look very grown up, Rebecca,\" my mother said, sitting on a stool and watching me. \"Thank you, Mother,\" I said in a gentle voice. I looked at myself in the mirror again. \"I'm going to be the only redhead at school,\" I muttered. I twisted my hair into a bun again, trying to get it to be less frizzy. \"Did you say something, dear?\" Mother said. \"No, Mother,\" I said. I looked at myself. Long curly red hair, figure that would make an old man cry, green eyes like shiny emeralds, and long slim fingers; I was going to need somebody to do crowd control. The only thing that wasn't attractive was my height; I was puny, about 5'1. I tried to see myself petite, as others did, but I kept thinking about my frizzy hair. \"All right dear, please get ready and your father will drop you off,\" Mother said, getting up and putting my books in the bag. I pulled my jacket on and pulled the bag over my head, grabbing my suitcase. I kissed her good-bye and went outside to the grandpa car where my Father was waiting. The drive to school was silent. Father never talked when he was driving; he didn't even listen to the radio. He just drove, leaving me to stare out the window. I kept nervously fixing my skirt and smoothing out the creases. \"Bye, Father.\" I said when we got to the school. \"I'll see you on the holidays,\" I said, kissing him on the cheek. I got out of the car slowly, waiting for him to answer back. \"Don't forget to pray every night and read the Bible on Sundays. Listen to what the Sisters say,\" he ordered, staring straight ahead. I waited, but he didn't say anything else. I slammed the door shut and walked off in the direction of the office, my suitcase rolling along behind me. People were staring at me. Might've been my hair, or my eyes, or my body, or just the fact that they never saw me before. Whatever it was, I wished they'd stop. Some wise-guy decided to hit my shoulder as he passed, making my bag slide off my shoulder. \"Watch where you're going, bitch,\" he shot at me. \"What, you can't see me?\" I yelled back. \"Friggin' red hair is pretty damn hard to miss, right? Asshole,\" I muttered as I bent over to get my bag. My father had made my day go from nervous first day to PO'd at everyone. The lady in the office was helpful enough to give me a schedule, map, and a Leadership kid to show me all the classes before school started. My guide, Robyn, had long wavy black hair and brown eyes the color of chocolate. She was taller than me, but only by an inch, thankfully. \"Where'd you move from?\" she asked. I liked her; she didn't ask if I moved here. Duh. \"Boston,\" I said. \"Went to a public school, my parents decided it was too 'sinful' and moved to a less sinful place, all the way on the other coast.\" \"Damn. Yeah, I guess pretty much everyone's parents are religious saints. You ever count how many times they pray in a month?\" I scoffed and grinned. \"No; did you?\" She grinned back. \"No, and I'm not going to try. Will they let you wear pants, or just skirts? My parents won't let me wear any skinny jeans, which are fine with me, but I'm glad that boot-cut is allowed with them.\" \"Okay, I need to go over to your house and borrow some, because my parents say that I can wear jeans when I can buy them. As soon as I can start working, I'm saving my money to buy jeans, any kind. They only let me wear sweat pants and shorts when I'm running, or after I swim. Your parents make you wear one of those old-fashioned swimsuits with the—\" \"Pants part that goes down to your thighs,\" Robyn was nodding. \"God, I cannot wait to wear a bikini.\" \"Oh, yeah, I bet the guys can't wait either,\" I said. We were passing mostly Asian or white kids at the school, and Robyn was Hispanic; you know, a diamond in the rough thing. Robyn snorted out a laugh, which sounded weird. It was like, she snorted, but it turned into a laugh. The sound made me laugh more, so Robyn laughed too, and people were staring at us like we were insane. We went to all my classes and locker, talking about our names and parents, when Robyn checked my information papers for my dorm. \"You're in the same grade as me, and all the eleventh graders are on the same level. We have small separate rooms, and I think there're about 50 or so rooms on a floor. Oh,\" she stopped with her hand on the doorknob. \"I think I should give you a little warning about the other girls. You never went to a boarding school before, right?\" I shook my head. \"But you did go to a religious one, right?\" I shook my head again. \"Why?\" I asked. \"Uh, the girls are divided into two main groups: there are the Religious, who actually pray and think saintly thoughts all the time like the sisters tell us to, and then there's the…we call them Royalty, but it's not really as a compliment when we're not talking to their face. They're spoiled, raise their skirts, at dances are the ones making out under the stairs; things like that.\" \"Where do you fit in?\" I asked. \"Nowhere. I only have two other good friends at the moment, other than you, and one doesn't go to this school and he's a guy…sorta.\" \"How can you sorta be a guy?\" I asked. I went to a public school and everything, but I lived all the way on the east coast and wasn't used to the easy casualty of the Californians. \"I'll explain later.\" Robyn said as she opened the door. \"Welcome to your new home.\" I walked in, and was met by around, oh, only twenty pairs of eyes staring at me. I glanced at Robyn, and she inconspicuously moved her head a little in their direction with her eyebrows raised as if to say That would be the Royalty . \"Hello, my fellow classmates, God be with you,\" Robyn said, letting go of the door and stepping forward. There were giggles and eyes rolling. \"This is our new student, Rebecca Park, but I've just learned her nickname is Rusty.\" I looked at Robyn out of the corner of my eye. I didn't say that. \"She's from Boston, and she'll be with us in our classes and dorm,\" Robyn continued. One of the girls in the center of the huddle got up and walked over to me. She was tall, very tall, and had perfect straight blonde hair with the side bang in front of her blue eyes. She had make-up on since no teachers were around, and her blood-red nails were a perfect length. She made the uniform look good, not like on me, where I was too short. \"Hi,\" she said, chewing gum, with a bored look in her eyes. \"I'm Kendall Maybells, Head Cheerleader, President of the Leadership class, Leader for the Girls' Study Prayer Group, first place winner for the Study Buddies for the last five years and future-Prom-Queen.\" She looked me up and down. She shook her side bang out of her eyes and said with a flashing smile, \"Welcome to San Francisco's St. Katharina.\" She left me standing there like an idiot. \"Hi,\" I said, my throat suddenly hoarse. Kendall gave me a funny look. It was like You're a loser. Just a little Goody-goody; you probably made it up about Boston and are probably from some country town in the middle of nowhere. \"Come on, I'll show you the rooms.\" Robyn said. \"Before there's a catfight,\" she muttered to me. She led me past the Royalty into the hallway. Whispers were left in our wake. \"Are they always like that?\" I said quietly. Robyn stopped and thought for a minute. \"Uh-huh,\" she said, nodding. \"Not to seem random or anything, but you're in this room,\" she said, pointing to the room at the very end. \"Robyn, why'd you make up a nickname for me?\" I said. \"I'm over here, five doors down.\" She unlocked my door and opened the door to reveal a small mattress, sink, closet, and window. \"You're lucky and have a room with a view. I'm staring at just plain white wall in my room.\" \"Robyn,\" I said. \"I don't know, it just seemed to fit your personality. Is it okay?\" I shrugged. \"I just, you know...never had a nickname before,\" I said. \"That would be because you've never been with me before,\" Robyn grinned. I couldn't help but smile back. Robyn helped me put my clothes away, and make the bed. The school sheets were on the bed; the color for the mattress cover was white, a white pillow case, and three blue wool blankets. \"It can get really cold here, with the fog and everything,\" Robyn told me. \"Since it's only October you'll probably only need two blankets. Now let's go meet Aurora.\" \"Who?\" I asked as I followed Robyn through the hall and out the door. \"Aurora. She's the other friend I told you about. She's probably with her brothers in their dorm,\" Robyn said as she went down the stairs. \"We're allowed in boys' dorms?\" I said. \"Wasn't there a rule about that in the huge handbook?\" \"Yeah, but Aurora's in love with one of her brother's best friends, so she sneaks in. Anyway, it's her brothers' room. It's not like they'll do anything but talk. Oh, yeah, guys have to share a room since there're more boys in the school than girls. You can't even walk from the bed to the window in most of the rooms.\" \"And how would you have this knowledge, dear Robyn?\" I said, grinning. She grinned back and said, \"I had to give a book to one of the cute boys from the office once and got a peek around the room.\" \"Right, after you stole it,\" I said, grinning wider. \"I didn't do it on purpose,\" Robyn said, with pretend offense. \"Not really. Oh, do you know that the guys have blue wallpaper?\" \"Really? Why're we stuck with plain old boring white, then?\" I said. \"'Cause we're girls and of course get the plainer things while guys get the more entertaining ones. Guys get everything better here,\" she said. \"I heard that the boys' locker room is brand new, but smells like shit because it's the boys' locker room.\" \"Where'd you learn that; Kendall?\" I said. Robyn scoffed.[Chapter 3] Chapter 2 After we went down the stairs, up the hall, and up another pair of stairs that we didn't even need to go up because the door to the girls' dorm was just down the hall with a right turn to the boys', (Robyn grinned and said she wanted the exercise) Robyn opened a door to what looked like an office. It was small, had a desk, chair, small table with a plant on it, radio that played classical music, and a man sitting in the chair. Robyn showed a red slip of paper to the man, who had a nametag that said Peter. He motioned for her to go in, without saying a word. When we were going up yet another flight of stairs, I asked, \"What was with the paper?\" \"It gives me permission to be in the boys' dorm; says I need to pick up a guy and tell him I'm pregnant with his baby,\" Robyn said casually. \"And he let you go without ordering you to get down on your knees and start praying for the soul of your bastard baby?\" I said sarcastically. There was no way Robyn would be a teenage mother, I was sure of it even though I just met her. \"Hey, I've got some friends from my other schools that were so-called 'bastards',\" Robyn said. \"Anyway, it's the mother's fault, not the baby's. She shouldn't be doing those kinds of things; the father isn't exactly an angel, either, though.\" Robyn opened the door to the boys' dorm. \"Whoa. You were right,\" I said. The dorm was a mess, with books, backpacks, magazines, and all kinds of sports balls lying around. Robyn led the way, carefully going through. She went to the first door and knocked on it. \"Justin? Jamie?\" Robyn said as she knocked on the door. The door opened to reveal an Asian teen. \"Is Aurora there, Justin?\" \"Duh. If Jesse's here, she comes in the door a second after him.\" Justin said. He turned around and said, \"Aurora, your date's here!\" \"No, her date's already in there,\" Robyn muttered. Aurora stepped out, and slammed the door in Justin's face, rolling her eyes. \"What's up, Aurrie?\" Robyn said. \"Anything but my brothers,\" she replied, sighing. \"Oh. Hi, I'm Aurora,\" she said to me. No ' who are you?' or awkward silence. Just a simple introduction—immediately I liked her. \"I'm Rusty,\" I said. She smiled, and so did Robyn. \"Awesome nickname. Let's go, before the Father catches us and makes us pray all day long.\" She led the way through to the door, and we went out. Aurora was Asian, with smooth black hair in a bun with hair sticking out in a messy-stylish way, dark tan skin, and small, dark purple-rimmed glasses. She was the same height as me, poor girl, but she had the advantage of actually being petite. We were sitting down in the girls' dorm when I heard a loud, deep church bell ring. \"What's that?\" I asked. \"That's the school bell. Grab your bag and follow us, Rusty,\" Aurora said. I grabbed the blue bag and my jacket and followed them as I pulled my arms through the sleeves. \"Our first class is French. Some guys went in just to impress the girls, but you know, it won't work with me,\" Robyn said. I liked the way that she talked; first casual, then a whisper, and then a tough mutter as she looked away with raised eyebrows and her hands moving to express the words. \"But we go to the chapel before school Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays to listen to Father Martin preach and give us weekly news on Mondays. We'll have to go again tomorrow, and then have Saturday to do what we want, within limits, of course—like no bungee-jumping off the top of the church—and Sunday morning we need to go to church. We pray at breakfast and before bed, but lunch and dinner are less formal. Sometimes students are asked to say grace at breakfast, but usually Sister Lauren does it,\" Aurora informed me. Aurora seemed strong, but was skinny, unlike Robyn, whose muscles showed on her arms and legs. \"Hey, could you guys tell me people you know so I'm not totally clueless?\" I asked. \"Sure,\" Robyn said. \"That Asian guy with the gelled hair is Jesse, Aurora's love.\" Aurora shushed Robyn and glanced nervously at her wonder boy. I grinned and patted her shoulder consolingly. \"That thing trying to flirt with him is a creature called Sierra Orchard, but its common name is Tiki. We had a rather...let's just say, unpleasant experience with her and have been enemies since. You know what, accidentally push her as you pass by.\" \"Yeah, I'd rather not,\" I said. What the heck did Tiki do? \"Okay, I'll do it,\" Robyn said, shoving her elbow into Tiki as she passed. \"Sorry,\" she muttered roughly to Tiki, barely even looked at her. \"Simple, elegant, classic,\" she said to me. We went to the French class, where there were mostly girls, except for about a handful of boys sitting in a group in the back. Robyn, of course, went past the Royalty sitting in the front, and went all the way to the back where she sat down next to a Chinese boy, who had a small tuft of hair sticking up in the front. \"What's up, Nathaniel?\" she said. She looked up at us. \"Come on, sit down. Don't worry, they won't bite or be mean. They may share rather...unwanted news with you, though.\" \"Like what?\" I said, sitting down. \"I have to fart,\" Nathaniel muttered to Robyn. Robyn held her hand out to him like the women in TV shows that just stand next to the prizes. French class was a little awkward at first, since the teacher whose name I forgot made me come up and introduce myself. More than half the class was Royalty, and the Religious weren't exactly nice to me either when they learned that I was from a big city like Boston. Great, I thought; one group thinks I'm lying and I'm a goody-goody, and the other group thinks I'm full of sins. I was grateful to sit back in my seat and draw on a piece of binder paper, since the teacher said that I wouldn't have to start until tomorrow. I drew a picture of Quasimodo in the bell tower, which I thought was very fitting. After French class was a blur, because between the glares from the Religious and the sneers from Royalty and the things that Robyn muttered to them and the responses, I was still trying to memorize all the names of the teachers and my classmates. When we finally went to get some dinner, my head felt like someone had taken a fork and whisked my brain. One of Kendall's millions of BFFs, Olivia, who had wide blue eyes and light brown hair I was starting to recognize, bumped my shoulder. My bag fell to the floor, and the binders and books fell out onto the floor. \"Oh, I'm so sorry. Let me help,\" she said, her voice getting soft and apologetic. I let her bend over on her knees and pick up the books, but Robyn didn't. She grabbed Olivia's shoulder, pulled her up, and pushed her away. \"You're not sorry,\" Robyn said. She bent over next to Aurora and helped me put my books away. \"Don't let her do that again, or anyone else.\" We headed to a table at the back, near the end. There were tables scattered around that seated four or five, and in the middle was a long one that seated around twenty or twenty-five. That's where Kendall sat, and all the other popular kids. We were allowed to sit with boys, but they had to be sitting opposite us, so there wasn't any messing around under the table. There still would be, but at least the Brothers and Sisters would be comforted to know that no one was groping around. (Robyn told me this, in the same way. It's her words, not mine.) There was a counter that had a line of food, like at Fresh Choice. Plates were at the table as well as silverware and glasses, so we just had to get up and pick the food. I learned that Robyn and Aurora waited until most people were done picking food to get ours to avoid anyone accidentally throwing our tray out of our hands or something like that. The dinner was simple, with rice, chicken, and beans. No ketchup or unhealthy food at all—it was organic food and the beans were grown at the school. Robyn also got some bread rolls from a small basket at the end, still hot. Some dainty perfect frou-frou girls like Kendall had measly salads that looked like they were five entire leaves dug out of the compost pile, because they were so worried about gaining an ounce of extra fat and immediately not be attractive to the boys, but that didn't make any sense to me. What's the use of eating food like that when we can have such delicious food instead? After dinner, we went to the office, where Aurora asked if it was okay for us to go to the city tomorrow. Robyn would've asked, but she had gotten into some trouble with the aid, so Aurora was chosen to do it so we'd actually have some hope. \"What part will you be going to?\" the aid asked, chewing gum like a bored cow. \"Just the piers,\" said Aurora. \"We want to go see the ships and sea lions with Rust—I mean, Rebecca, and show her around a little.\" She changed it to my formal name because I gave her a nudge with my elbow. I didn't want everyone to call me by that, only my friends. \"Yeah, sure, whatever,\" the aid, Kayla, said in between chewing loudly. Robyn rolled her eyes as she exhaled loudly and said, \"Do you have to chew with your mouth wide open?\" \"Why're you looking at my mouth?\" Kayla demanded, suddenly wide awake. \"I can't really help it because you're so damn loud,\" Robyn said. \"I am not loud!\" Kayla said, blinking her heavily mascara covered eyes. \"Uh-huh; then what are you right now?\" Robyn said. Suddenly the door opened and a tall, skinny boy with long hair walked in. \"Kayla, I just got something in the mail for us,\" he said, waving a package. \"Wanna go try it out?\" \"Sure, Cash!\" Kayla said perkily, jumping up from the table. She shoved past Robyn and me, and they were gone in two seconds. Robyn shuddered. \"Ugh!\" \"Who was that?\" I asked Aurora. \"That was Kayla's on-again-off-again boyfriend, Christian Cash. When they're out of here, she'll be his pimp,\" Aurora said. \"She used to be so nice, but now all she cares about is making out with a guy two years older than her and getting piercings and tattoos.\" \"It's horrible,\" Robyn said. \"Most of the friends we had in elementary school slowly drifted away in middle school. By the time we graduated, we were branded with the invisible mark of outcasts.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 3 \"Hurry up, Rusty!\" Robyn yelled. I grabbed my jacket and pulled it on as I ran down the stairs. I passed Kendall, who was holding a pair of keys as she was yelling at her cronies to hurry up. Were those car keys? Hers? Who cares? Not me. I caught up with Robyn and Aurora in front of the school. I was wearing a borrowed pair of jeans from Robyn, since Aurora had a thinner waist than me. My jacket was still the school's, and so was my blouse, but I was wearing jeans! Oh, and flat Converse! \"Okay, we'll be out for the whole day,\" Robyn told me after we got past the gate. \"So in addition to seeing the sea lions and the rest of Pier 39, we're catching a bus and meeting Nigel.\" \"Who?\" I said. \"Is he your boyfriend?\" Robyn laughed. \"Hell no. He's the other friend I told you about. You'll see when you meet him why it's funny his last name is Irons.\" We went down to the pier and walked around, saw the sea lions, ate Polish hotdogs, and went into the small shops, including Robyn's favorite, Lefty's, a shop dedicated to left-handed people. Robyn's cell phone rang as we were eating ice cream, and she answered it. After she had a quick conversation, mostly in Spanish or some other language, she hung up and said, \"Time to go see Nigel. He's at the SFBS.\" \"San Francisco Bull Sh…?\" I said quietly. Nigel was probably really tough and hangs out at a rodeo place or something. No, it might be for motorcycles. We went on a bus and rode up to the hills, where there were more houses and schools and less shops. \"Here's the stop,\" Robyn said as she stepped off. We followed her into a building. On the door in cursive letters it read: San Francisco Ballet School. \"What're we doing here? Or is Nigel a nickname like Rusty?\" I said. That was about the only conclusion I reached. \"No, no, this is the sorta-guy friend,\" Robyn said. \"Nigel!\" I only saw teenage girls our age twirling around on their tip toes. There was no boy anywhere. \"Nigel! NIGEL! Get you're a—\" the lady at the desk at the entrance looked at us over her glasses. Robyn cleared her throat and muttered something in Spanish. \"I'm coming!\" a guy's voice said. It was kind of high, but hey, not every guy is a football jock. But I still didn't see a guy, just a bunch of pink tutus. When one came near us, I realized how Nigel was a sorta-guy. He was tall, gangly, thin, pale, had floppy-ish black hair, dark green eyes, and an impish grin on his face. On his head was a wreath of daisies and around his waist was a pink tutu. He even had a pink ribbon tied in his hair, making a small fountain on top of his head. \"Hello,\" he said, holding his hand out. \"I'm Nigel.\" I shook his hand and told him my name, and then grabbed Robyn and dragged her out of hearing distance. \"Robyn! Why didn't you tell me?\" Robyn's face changed. \"Why, you have something against him?\" She was mad. But more than that, she was scary. She looked ready to punch my ass to a pulp if I said yes. \"No, it's not that, it's just….he's gay!\" I said. \"Really? Hey Nigel, she just—\" I stopped her and said, \"No, I mean, what if Kendall or some Royalty found out? The school doesn't think the best about gays, right? Don't they think that homosexuality is a sin? Robyn, if they see us with him, we could get kicked out of school.\" Robyn nodded thoughtfully. I prayed that she wouldn't kick me in the stomach. She took a deep breath, looked at me with a grim expression, (oh sh—), but then she smiled and shrugged. She made a sound like \"tcha\" and said, \"Forget about the school. All their religious sins can go to Hell, 'cause I'm not leaving my buddy. Now, if you are worried about getting seen, then there's the door and the school is at the top of the next hill. Are you gonna stay or go?\" \"Stay,\" I said. And I did. And I learned that here in California, dear California, there were a lot of gay people. A lot lived in San Francisco in the Castro District, and Robyn told me that they were going on about Prop. 8 and getting their own rights. \"But you know how some people are,\" she said. \"They act like it's a contagious disease to be gay. Or some other people, like that damn Taylor Swift, \" If you come back here, I'll say that you're gay. And by the way; I hate that stupid old pick-up truck...whine...\" Robyn said in a high whiny voice. \"I hate that song,\" Nigel said. \"Me too. She's trying to copy Carrie Underwood and making a horrible disgrace to country music. I mean—,\" Aurora said. \"Whoa, Aurora, cool down,\" I said. \"Nigel, isn't that tutu a rental?\" He blushed and looked the lady at the desk. She was standing up, leaning over and holding her hand out. He grinned sheepishly and took it off, handing it to her. \"Hurry up, hurry up!\" Aurora squealed, running at full speed. I slid on the sidewalk, stumbling in the wet. Robyn caught me before I landed flat on my face—ow—and we ran, her holding one of my hands, Aurora holding my other, all of us linked together so we wouldn't fall. \"Does it always start spontaneously raining?\" I said as I running up the hill. Well, more like being dragged by Robyn while Aurora slipped. \"Uh...no, I don't think so. Usually it's just foggy and cold,\" Robyn said. She helped Aurora climb up and then she made a bee-line for the bus stop. I shivered and shook my wet hair. Robyn took off her jacket, revealing a black blouse. \"Can you wear that at school?\" I said, pulling my hair out of its bun. Robyn shook her head. \"No. It's fitted and kind of tight, so even though Kendall and Olivia and Kayla get away with pulling their blouses tight in the back, you know, like that,\" Robyn said, grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulling it together in the back and twisting it to make it stay, \"the dear teachers don't notice that. Oh no, they'll only see that Hispanic girl from the small town wearing her black blouse.\" I started. \"What? The school's not...not, uh, racist, is it?\" God, they've got everything in California! \"No,\" Robyn said. Then she paused and said, \"At least I don't think so. No, what I meant was they ignore the things that the rich girls do because they always pay the money for the school on time. My family...well, we're not rich.\" \"Oh.\" I said. I peeked at Robyn in the corner of my eye. She was standing tall, strong, her full 5 feet 2 inches with pride. Well, short to you, tall to me. There was an awkward silence as we waited for the bus. It was broken by Aurora's phone. We all jumped and Aurora dug around in her purse for it. She pulled it out and looked at the number. She glanced at us, then at the phone. Then she shoved it back in her bag after pressing the off button. After a moment, I asked, \"Who was that?\" She looked out at the hill. \"It was Kendall.\" \"What?\" Robyn and I said at the same time. \"Who gave her your number?\" Robyn demanded. \"I did.\" There was a REALLY intelligent \"Huh?\" from me. \"It was last year,\" Aurora confessed, \"when she was still nice...-ish to me. She and I were doing a project together for homework and I never went on my email so we exchanged phone numbers. She never called me, but now I guess she wants something from me. \"Can I see your phone?\" Robyn said, holding her hand out. \"Don't break it!\" Aurora said, clutching it in her hand away from Robyn. \"I'm not going to break it,\" Robyn sighed. \"I promise, no breaking or accidental smashing or squishing.\" Aurora cautiously handed it over to her. \"Thank you.\" Robyn pressed a few buttons, and then handed it back. \"What'd you do?\" I asked, feeling a little out of the loop. \"I deleted Kendall's number. If she calls you again, then it won't have caller ID, and you have the right to demand who the hell it is and to tell her to shove whatever she needs u—\" \"The bus is here!\" Aurora said. Robyn made a loud sigh and we got on.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4 \"Hey, Robyn,\" I whispered. \"Robyn!\" \"What?\" she hissed back. \"I am going to very inconspicuously tell you something. But not now, because I am being watched by someone. I forgot his name.\" \"What's he look like?\" \"Curly black hair, big eyes, glasses, long eyelashes, dark tan skin, looks kind of nerdy...\" Robyn's head jerked up. Her head spun around, and she saw the guy. I don't know what she did, but it freaked him out so he looked down. She glared at him for another minute, making sure his eyes stayed down. Then she looked at me, glancing at the librarian. \"His name is Alex Funchess. Royalty used to call him Funchi or Funchess, but now he's Alex again I think; but in my opinion he is, like you said, a nerd. And not a good one,\" she added. I grinned slightly. I learned that her and some of her friends were nerds (people that are just too smart for the comfort of certain assholes, hence the name-calling because the assholes need to feel powerful). \"Why he was staring at you, I have no idea, because the guy already has a damn girlfriend, Amanda, who's a part of the Royalty, of course. His dad works at Apple, so naturally he's rich and has millions of electronic crap like the laptop, new flip phone, iPhone, iPod, iPad, all that iShit. What did you want to tell me?\" \"Uh...oh yeah, are you going anywhere for Christmas break?\" I said, dropping my voice because the librarian started making her rounds around the library to make sure people were doing their work. \"Yeah; my family always gets together for Christmas. What 'bout you, going back to old minister father and angel mother?\" she said, grinning. Her grin melted away as she saw my face. \"Y-you're not going back home, are you?\" I shook my head. \"My dad wants me to get my grades up and to not be distracted by unimportant things.\" The bell rang and I angrily slammed my book shut. \"The moron wants me to grow up to be a nun! As soon as I'm done with studying in college in theology and God, he wants me to join a convent and be a nun!\" My voice was rising, and I felt my cheeks burn as Funchessie and everyone else in the library looked at me. I grabbed my things and ran to the door. Out in the hallway, I felt a hand on my arm. I turned, expecting Robyn, but it was Funchessie. \"Hi. I, uh, I was wondering...\" \"Wonder later, Funcheesie!\" Robyn's strong voice said as she came up from behind him and pushed him away from me with her elbow. He looked at me with a pathetic expression on his face. I looked back with a cold stare. He quickly looked away, retreating to a tall black girl with short curly hair. \"Who's she?\" I asked Robyn, looking over at them. They quickly rounded a corner and were out of sight. \"Is she his girlfriend?\" \"Nope, that's Angela. I don't know what's going on with them; I think we need to ask a resource. Come on, let's go before dinner,\" she said, and ran up the stairs. She turned so many times I lost track, and then before I knew what was happening, she was opening the door to the boys' dormitory. \"Robyn! No one's going to be in there!\" I said, following her. Peter the classical-music listening guard, wasn't there, so Robyn went right through. I was wrong—everyone that was someone was there. In other words, all the Assholes. \"Hey, Crow, what're you doing here?\" Herman said. The guys thought it was funny to call her Crow since she had name like a bird. He was one of those guys on the baseball team, and a towering 6 foot 2 of idiot. \"Shut up and let me through,\" she said, trying to get past him and his buddies. She didn't even reach their shoulders, and they knew she couldn't do anything. \"Let me through.\" Herman chuckled...no, actually, the idiot giggled. \"Shut up and let me through,\" he mimicked her. Robyn stopped and looked at him. While her attention was at him, being used to glare at him with a look that could kill, a guy snuck up next to her and used the cover of a book to lift the back of her skirt. \"Robyn!\" I said, and grabbed the book from the guy. I held it in both hands over his head, ready to smack him. He was prepared for the blow, his eyes shut, and I slammed the book down. It hit the table next to him with a crack like thunder. \"Come on, Robyn. Let's just go.\" I said. Robyn followed me to the door. \"That's right, keep walking! I'm a ho, I'm a bitch, I'm a fucking—\" Robyn and I spun around at the same time. The boy that I threatened with the book, Alfred Josephson, was standing on top of the table, singing in a high pitched voice. He was making really perverted movements, and the other boys were laughing. \"Hey, Josephson,\" Robyn said, her voice low and hard, \"shut up or your voice'll stay like that.\" The boys started bellowing out, laughing at us. Robyn put her bag down on the floor. She headed for the table, which could seat two on each of the long sides. \"Hey, what'cha gonna do?\" Josephson said. He knew. He knew we were short, that his friends were the toughest boys in the entire school, and he was making her mad on purpose. \"Shut up and let me through. Through where?\" Robyn stood there, and then glanced at the door, where I stood. Her eyes were hard, and she moved her chin up a little, her eyes a little wider. I looked behind me and opened the door. Robyn turned back to Josephson. He was being such an asshole, I was amazed Robyn could hold herself from killing him. Suddenly there was a screech of the table legs sliding across the floor, and then the table collapsed on its side. Josephson fell to the floor with a thud, Robyn let go of the table and jumped over. Landing with her feet on either side of him, she used the momentum of flying over, and thrust her fist out fast and hard. Then she jumped over the table and headed for the door, head high and shoulders back. Josephson was screaming after her, and then he made a big gasp. Then there were a couple squeaks of a sneaker and Robyn quickly went outside and shut the door. We ran down the stairs, and when we reached the bottom, Robyn grabbed my arm and we walked casually past the main office. When we were past, I glanced back and saw no one. Good. \"What'd you do that made him gasp like that?\" I said, my heart pounding from the adrenaline. \"Flipped 'im off,\" Robyn said coolly. I laughed and gave her a high five. \"Oh, wait, didn't we need to go to a resource?\" I said, stopping and looking back up the stairs. The boys could be heard yelling around and laughing. \"Forget it,\" Robyn said, leading me down the last few steps by my arm. \"Funcheesie isn't worth us getting detention, right?\" As we were walking to dinner, I noticed there were posters all along the walls in big, round writing, the kind that all of the Royalty had. I stopped in front of one and tried to decipher what it said. Winter Wonderland Ball! January 24, Friday 6-11 PM \"A ball?\" I said in disbelief. \"Oh, yeah,\" Robyn said, walking backwards to come next to me. \"I forgot about that. Every year they have this big dance that the teachers are supposed to be chaperoning but never do because they're having their own party and pass out from the wine—amateurs,\" she muttered. \"So...it's like a dance?\" I said. \"It is a dance; they just needed it to match winter so they put 'wonderland ball'. Last year it was something like... Frostbite Frenzy.\" She chuckled. \"The teachers actually tried not to pass out as soon, because Kendall's older sister was in charge of organizing it.\" \"Kendall has an older sister? Jeez, how many are there?\" I said. \"Too many.\" A bell rang. \"Come on, let's go eat before we get detention and have to go pray for three hours for being all alone in the boys' side of the school.\" I continued the conversation as we headed to the dining room. \"So, you go to these?\" \"Usually, no.\" She let out a sigh. \"See, the Royalty is in control of the dances, so you know what they'll do—hire DJs and have flashing lights and the crap they call music is up so loud that the whole building shakes. It's boring and you don't do anything but walk around, stuff yourself, and jump up and down, so I don't go.\" I nodded. I got that. \"Plus, these kinds of dances—excuse me, balls ,\" she said as we passed a couple of Royalty. She rolled her eyes and made a face at their backs before continuing, \"You need a date to get in, otherwise you are marked as a loser and thus an enemy of Royalty—they'll make up whatever shit they need to for you not to go in. But, I mean, I'd rather stay with my bro and Nigel the entire weekend than go to one dance.\" But I saw her face when we passed Nathaniel. Hmm. \"I have way too many boys after me.\" \" You have too many? Excuse me, we go to a school where most of the girls are— \"Completely beautiful!\" Aurora exploded. \"—little bitches.\" Aurora and I looked at Robyn. She shrugged. \"I speak the truth.\" We were in the dorm, it was Saturday, and it looked like the sky was going through a teenage sulk. Most of the Royalty was in there with us, but we had our little corner and we were seriously trying to get some homework done, but somehow we would always wind up talking. Suddenly, there was a big boom outside. Some girls cowered together, squealing, \"Thunder!\" It was a little sad, considering they were around fourteen or fifteen. \"It's a motorcycle!\" Robyn bellowed. \"God; so pathetic!\" All the girls crowded to the window now that the fear of thunder was gone and there was a 99.99% chance there was a hot guy in a motorcycle come to take them away, like in Love Story or another of Taylor Swift or Hannah Montana's unrealistic songs. There were squeals, but I stayed silent and stared. There was a teen that had on a black jacket, jeans, and black boots. His black hair was whipped around his face and black sunglasses. And he rode the motorcycle, (a 2009 Black GSX R 600), with utter coolness, like ice. \"He's so hot!\" Kendall said. All the other girls agreed, and then they started arguing over him. For the one time in my life, I agreed with Kendall. \"Isn't he, like, so hot?\" she repeated. \"Uh, yeah, sure,\" Robyn said as she grabbed her bag, and then ran for the door. \"Where're you going?\" Olivia yelled. \"I'm goin' with him,\" she said with a nod towards the stairs. \"Come on, Rusty.\" I grinned and kept quiet as I followed her. By the time we reached the door, Kendall and about half the Royalty was following her, trying to get Robyn to remember all the times they were friends, which must've been on another planet, or maybe even another universe. Robyn's buddy was surrounded by all the girls, them sounding like seagulls and talking all at once. Kendall shut them all up and said, \"I'm Kendall,\" in her most charming way. She looked like all those girls in movies; you know, the typical teenage girl. She had straight hair that wasn't messed up, skinny jeans, a white jacket, a white and grey plaid scarf, and flat shoes, all delicate. I suddenly felt like I should shrink and crawl away. Robyn's buddy talked to the other girls and I slowly backed away. Then Robyn's buddy had to turn away to professionally kill the engine, and Robyn came up behind me, muttering about the bitches and assholes and that we were supposed to be gone already. \"Rudy!\" She said, stopping in the middle of the circle. I shrank behind Kendall. \"Hey Gorgeous,\" he said. Kendall giggled and smirked and said, \"Hey Handsome.\" \"Hey, Bitch, leave my brother alone,\" Robyn said, shoving Kendall with her forearm. Robyn was very violent and physical, I just noticed that. \"Rudy, please say that you left your car at the bottom of the hill.\" Rudy suddenly wasn't so smooth and cool. He took off his sunglasses hesitantly. \"Um...why?\" he winced. \"Because for one thing, I only ride my own motorcycle—\" I gasped mockingly as all the other girls did at the danger of riding a motorcycle, \"—and secondly, I called mom and dad and they said it was fine if I brought a friend home for Christmas break. Didn't they tell you?\" Rudy ran a hand nervously through his hair. \"Uh...\" \"Don't feel bad, Rudy,\" Kendall said his name slowly, talking in a tone like she was speaking to a baby instead of a teenage boy. \"You can stay here while—\" \"Hey, while nothing. Get out of here. This is a private matter, got it? Go chase Danny and the other imbecilic creatures you call boys.\" The girls dispersed, but not before Kendall smiled dazzlingly at Rudy. She left smirking, walking in a dainty way. \" Ay ,\" Robyn sighed, rolling her eyes. \"Okay, Rudy, just tell mom and dad that we'll take the ferry.\" \"Sis, that's expensive, and you're still gonna have to walk about a mile or something to get home,\" Rudy said. \"It's okay, we'll get—\" Robyn stopped when she saw Rudy was looking up over our heads. We turned around and saw that all the girls were pressed against the window, making kissy faces and things like that to Rudy. \"Where's Sister Wendy when you need her?\" Robyn said, spinning around. No one was in the courtyard. Robyn made motions that meant if they didn't get the hell away from the window, she'd glue them there. That didn't really work, so Rudy waved at them. \"Don't encourage them!\" Robyn said. Rudy had moved away from the motorcycle, so she grabbed his keys and started the motorcycle. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up! Sis!\" Rudy ran to get in front of the motorcycle and grab the handlebars and take the keys out. \"Okay. What were you saying?\" \"Me and Rusty'll get some money from Nigel.\" Robyn said. \"You're still seeing Nigel?\" Rudy said, his face questionable. Robyn crossed her arms. \"No, it's not that, it's just...didn't he move?\" Robyn made a face. \"His parents moved. He's living with his brother right now.\" \"Oh. Right. So, I'll see you guys later?\" Rudy said, climbing onto his motorcycle. \"Sure. Hey, can you get some movies on the way home?\" Robyn said, shouldering her gym bag. For an answer Rudy grinned and put on his sunglasses. He looked like a young version of Enrique Iglesias. No wonder all the girls were in love with him...myself included. He revved his motorcycle and zoomed down the hill. \"So...I'm guessing you're the older one between you two, right?\" I said as we climbed down the hill. How in the world did Aurora make it down this hill in heels? I could barely make it down in flat sneakers. Robyn scoffed. \"Yeah. Well, sort of. Rudy was born five minutes after me.\" I stopped. \"You're twins?\" \"Not the kind of twins that dress up with the same shirt, same expression, same everything; we're not Siamese twins, we're just the twins that were born at the same time. But yeah, we are. Hard to believe, right?\" \"Yeah. I thought you were the shorter, older sister. 'Cause he was all...intimidated and everything with you.\" \"Oh, that wasn't me. That was you. He wouldn't like me to say this—in fact, we'll have a wrestling match at home, probably—but he likes you.\" My cheeks burned as I grinned. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. Who do you think he was talking to when he said Hey Gorgeous? Kendall?\" Robyn scoffed. \"My brother is not the guy to fall for hoochies; he just gets a little side-tracked, because there are no men, there are only boys, right?\" I scoffed and smiled, thinking about my dad. That was one serious boy. \"Ookay, now we've got to go to Pier 39 after we've got money from Nigel.\" Her shoulders slumped. \"That means we'll have to—\" \"Isn't that Nigel over there?\" I said. She turned around and looked where I was pointing. A tall, gangly boy was walking, but some guys were saying things and pushing him. \"Oh, no,\" Robyn broke into a run, surprisingly fast for her height. She reached Nigel before me, and was saying something to the boys—probably telling them off, the bastards. They left, glaring at Robyn occasionally as she stood protectively in front of Nigel, her shoulders straight and her expression solid like a rock. \"You okay, Nigel?\" I said as I reached them. \"Guess I missed all the action, huh?\" Nigel smiled, the usual sarcasm and happiness missing. \"Sorry, yeah. What're you doing here? I thought you were supposed to be in school.\" \"Nigel, it's Saturday. Come on, man, you drunk?\" Robyn said, playfully giving his shoulder a rough nudge. Nigel grinned a little like he used to. He seemed down. \"Nigel, we're going home for the Christmas break. We need some money for the ferry, since my imbecilic brother forgot that Rusty was coming too and brought his motorcycle. Can you spare a few bucks?\" \"Sure,\" he handed the money to Robyn. \"When're you coming back?\" \"Hmm...in a week. I'll be here on Christmas Eve with my family to go to the church at the school. Are you okay?\" \"Yeah. I think I just need some ice cream or some serious fudge; totally fudge. I'll see you later. I'll poke you on Facebook!\" he grinned and walked off to the pier. Robyn grinned, and then her smile faded. \"Facebook...shit!\" \"What?\" I said. Was someone like Kendall bothering her on Facebook? \"Funcheesie's been begging me to ask you if you want to go to the ball with him. The guy is such a wimp!\" \"He can't ask me himself? God, I had Zack come up to me on the way to math and ask me if I wanted to go out with Funchess! And then later on I had CC going on how it was so cold and cruel how I'd just said no, without any we can still be friends crap...everything has to be like it's on a TV show, doesn't it?\" Robyn nodded as she sighed. \"Sadly, yeah, that's how things are. Everyone wants to be like Miranda Cosgrove or whatever the hell her name is...\" Robyn angrily shook her head as she looked off at the people passing by. \"So, anyway, we've got ferry money. Let's go. But hey, you get seasick?\" \"No. Why?\" \"I need to bring a bottle of water or something, because I do.\" She checked her bag and we went to the ferry dock. When we were actually on the ferry, we were allowed to walk around, so Robyn didn't look as queasy as I would've thought. But she still was kind of quiet, staring at the horizon the whole time. The ferry didn't take long, fortunately, and we got off at a small little thing that wasn't even a dock. It was just a walkway up to a sandy path that went next to the water. Rocks were along the path and went down to where the water was. There was a parking lot on the right and a little grassy field on the left. \"Welcome to Bay Farm Island, Alameda!\" Robyn said. \"Kind of windy, huh?\" I said as my hair was whipped around my face. \"Well, duh! This is the water! We come here sometimes and play soccer or something. We live a few blocks over there,\" she said, waving her hand to the road in front of us. \"It's not that far, really. Come on, let's go.\" Apparently, to super-athletic Robyn, not that far was considered around oh, only ten to fifteen blocks the long way. And the intersection we had to cross was pure chaos; people seemed to have the desire to run us over and keep on trying until they succeeded.[Chapter 6] Chapter 5 Robyn knocked on the door. A dog barked and she yelled, \"Dumb dog, it's just me! Oh, wait,\" she looked at me, grinning sheepishly, \"sorry. You're about to get attacked by the Chilean Rottweiler.\" \"A Rottweiler?\" I said. Big dogs—not a fond memory with me after one my dad's dumb hunting dogs bit me when I was a little girl; I still had the slight scar on my hand. I stepped down a stair on the porch. The door opened and I shut my eyes as the jingle-jangle got louder. I felt something on my leg near my knee, and prepared for the big dog to put his paws on me. But instead...there was this little feeling on my knee, and when I opened my eyes, a little poochie was sniffing my leg. He wagged his tail and licked my knee. Robyn and Rudy laughing made me realize how ridiculous I must've looked. I reached down and picked up the pooch. He immediately licked my face and squirmed in my arms so he was on his back, his paws in the air and his eyes making it clear he was waiting for a tummy rub. \"Yeah, ferocious beast, right?\" Robyn said. \"He's just noisy and barks at everything.\" \"Dachsunds are very territorial and protective—just like Robyn,\" Rudy informed us. \"Hey, we're twins, bro; you've got that protective trait, too,\" Robyn said, giving him a punch on the shoulder. \"What's the other half?\" I said, scratching the poochie's stomach. He licked the air in front of my face. \"Yorkshire Terrier. Come on, let's get inside,\" Robyn said. We went inside the house and Robyn called out, \"I'm home!\" After the welcome party of her mom and dad was done, we left Rudy to the kitchen and went down the hall and to the left to Robyn's room. \"Whoa,\" I said, stopping in the doorway. \"That's your bed?\" \"Uh huh. It's ancient, though. You look at the thing and it creaks,\" Robyn said. It was a bed, but it was around four and a half feet off the ground, supported by four wooden posts. She climbed up the ladder and shook the entire bed as she crawled to the end of the bed. \"Come on,\" she said, waving for me to go up. I hesitantly got up, making the bed crack and creak at every time I touched it with my foot. \"Look, this is the Lincoln Middle School Marching Band from 2007 and -8. I'm right here and here,\" she said, pointing to her face in the posters. We looked at the posters for a little bit, finding some of the people in our classes. After many hard and intense games of BS, blackjack, and Egyptian Rats...mostly Egyptian Rats, Rudy poked his head in the door. We climbed down to the floor and played BS the rest of the time. \"Hey, Rudy?\" Robyn said. \"Two fives. Huh?\" \"Nigel seemed a little—BS, Rusty— down when we saw him today. You're a guy—what's a reason you'd be depressed?\" Rudy looked at Robyn for a moment, his mouth a little open. \"Uh...maybe he broke up with someone? I don't know—he's gay! I like him as a good buddy, but I can't really relate.\" \"Could it be people were being assholes to him? Because we saw some guys that were pushing him around,\" I said. \"Might be that. I don't know,\" Rudy said, shrugging. \"Sis, you're bleeding.\" Robyn moved her hands so her cards weren't showing. \"Maybe I can ask him if he can come over tomorrow. Oh yeah, Rusty,\" she said, turning to me. \"Tomorrow we're going on a shopping spree for jeans, because I can't keep loaning mine—I'm running out.\" I blinked, and then grinned at Robyn. \"You're awesome, you know that?\" I said. \"Of course I am,\" Robyn scoffed, looking offended. \"Didn't you know all lefties are born awesome?\" \"Rusty! Rusty!\" Something hit me, and then I was suddenly cold. I opened one eye. Robyn held my blankets, looking at me. \"Come on, get up. Time to go running.\" \"Huh?\" I muttered. I rolled over and buried my head in my pillow. The next thing I knew, I was being shoved into the bathroom and Robyn was making me sit on the edge of the bathtub. She grabbed a plastic pitcher and turned it upside down over my head. \"Cold!\" I gasped. \"Cold, cold!\" \"Come on, let's get dressed. You have running shorts, right?\" She gave me a towel and I dried my hair as we went back to her room, my heart still thumping from the sudden change in temperatures. We passed Rudy's room, where a low growling sound was coming from behind the door. \"What's that sound?\" I said. \"Rudy. He snores,\" Robyn said. She helped me get the right things, and then we headed for the door, Robyn looping her keys to her wrist. I glanced at the clock that was above the kitchen door and stopped. It was 6:45! \"Damn, Robyn, what time did you wake up?\" I said, following her out the door. \"At 6:30,\" she said, closing the door behind me. God, and I'd thought that waking up at 7 in order to get breakfast every day at school would be a pain in the ass. \"You wanna take a shower first, or can I?\" Robyn asked. \"I really want to take a shower,\" I panted. \"My butt and legs are frozen, and my arms are sweating. This can't be healthy.\" \"Actually, this is perfect weather for long-distance runners,\" Robyn informed me. She looked like she wasn't breaking a sweat, while I was nearly dying. \"Because,\" Robyn went on, \"you don't get tired because there's no sun to make you feel hot, which overheats yours muscles immediately. But for sprinters and short-distance runners, it's better if they have hot weather, because they need to be ready to run right away.\" \"Thank you, Robyn, for my daily science lesson,\" I panted. She grinned and opened the door. I went in, gulped down an entire glass of cool water with her, and then stumbled to the room. \"My mom and dad are both at work,\" Robyn said as she took the list of chores off the table. \"And Rudy's just waking up,\" Robyn said, peeking in his room, \"the pathetic thing,\" she added. \"So...he really likes me?\" I said quietly. Robyn gave me a look that said, Are we going to have to go over this again? \"Here's your towel, and the shampoo and conditioner are on the small shelf in the shower,\" Robyn said, leading me to the bathroom. After thawing, getting feeling back into my frozen legs, and washing, I opened the shower door and reached for the towel. And then, God gave me a reason to pray that night. The door banged open and Rudy stepped in. I yelled and grabbed the towel, wrapping it around myself. \"S-S-S-sorry,\" Rudy stuttered, backing up. \"What's wrong?\" Robyn said, running over. \"Rudy, get out!\" she grabbed him by the back of his hair and pulled him out, slamming the door. I heard her giving him a big-sister lecture. I stood in the shower, my hair dripping over my shoulders as I took in that Rudy just saw me...nearly naked. But I saw Rudy without a shirt, and damn, he was working out. Despite the circumstances, I grinned as I thought of how Kendall would react if she found out.[Chapter 7] Chapter 6 \"This is my first baby,\" Robyn said, running her hand over the hood of the black Volvo. \"It's a '94, so don't say it's old, or you'll be saying I'm old.\" \"It's old!\" Nigel called from inside the car. Roby rolled her eyes at him. \"It's awesome,\" I said, putting my hands on the roof of the passenger's side. Robyn gave me a thumbs-up and climbed into the driver's seat. I climbed in too, ducking out of sight just as Rudy jumped out of the front door of the house. \"Your car smells funny,\" Nigel complained. \"Ignore him,\" Robyn said loudly, turning on the engine. \"The beast has awakened,\" she said mystically, grinning slightly. \"Can we go now?\" Nigel piped. Robyn threw her arms in the air, exasperated. She hit the horn with her fist once and put the car in gear. She turned around in her seat as she backed up, and looked at Nigel before she changed the gear again. \"No backseat driving like last time, Nigel. You need to wait until you can get your own license to start driving, or you can buy a video game like the one at La Val's.\" He nodded. She grinned at him. At the store, Nigel immediately headed for the men's section. \"Hey, Nigel,\" Robyn said, grabbing him by the collar, \"behave yourself, okay?\" Nigel rolled his eyes. She let go of him and we went to find some jeans. After Robyn was satisfied with getting me enough, we headed to the changing room. \"Hello?\" Robyn said, knocking her knuckles against one of the doors, \"is anyone in there?\" \"There's a dress at the bottom,\" I said, pointing. \"Maybe a busy shopper?\" Robyn shrugged. \"No one in there?\" she called one more time. She opened the door and screamed, \"Oh my God!\" and then she said, \"Nope, no one in there.\" I laughed, and started to head in when we heard another door open. I turned around and saw Nigel standing in front of the three-part mirror. I clapped a hand over my mouth. \"This doesn't fit,\" he said, turning around. \"Rusty, what's up with you?\" \"Where did the outfit come from?\" I said. He had on a hot pink collared shirt, and bright yellow swimming briefs. He was so incredibly skinny and pale, that he looked completely white under the vivid colors. \"I picked it out. Why?\" Nigel said. Voices started to drift in from the front of the dressing room. Robyn took Nigel by the shoulder and steered him back into the stall, saying, \"Nigel, some tight-a people might be bothered and call security if they see you wearing that, so go change. I'm sorry, man,\" she said, closing the door just as someone stepped into the dressing room. She looked up, and her face changed into the cold stone mask again. \"Royalty call.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 7 \"Hi Rusty, hi Robyn,\" Kendall said, giving us the fakest smile ever. \"Why are you here?\" \"The only reason to go here, shopping,\" Robyn said, jerking her head to the jeans draped over my arm. Kendall smiled again, and went to the stall right next to the mirror, leaving the door wide open. She started to take off her tight clothes as her two robots today, Olivia and Skylar, went to sit in the stall opposite her. Nigel chose then to defy Robyn and whined, \"I'm not listening to you!\" as he came out of his stall, still in that hideous outfit. He pranced over to the mirror, stopped in front of it, and struck several poses that only female models ever did. \"Nigel, get the hell in your stall!\" Robyn said. He turned, his hands on his hips and his face pouting like a toddler. \"NOW.\" \"I can never do anything!\" he said, stomping his foot. He stomped over to his stall, and slammed the door. Before he closed it, though, he decided for the grand finale to be him dragging his foot backwards on the floor like he was kicking the dust in Robyn's face. There was a silence, broken by Kendall, because she always has to say things first. \"The maniacs they let out in the streets these days,\" she said, her voice purposefully loud so we'd hear. Robyn and I flipped her stall off. \"Come on, let's go inside before we have to see her in her underwear,\" Robyn said. I opened the door to the stall in front of us, and we went in. And then we heard the commentary and fake-praise and envy and all the other crap from Olivia and Skylar. \"OMG, your hips are, like, so thin.\" \"That shirt makes your boobs look good.\" \"Your hair looks great; it's so silky and smooth.\" \"OMG, like, you look sooo, like, totally...HOT in those jeans. Sexy ,\" Robyn said, mimicking the Royalty's voice. \"You're, like, going to KILL some boys at the ball, Rusty.\" \"Shh! Keep it down,\" I said, giggling like a maniac. I looked in the direction of the Royalty, which now had gone deathly silent. \"Rusty, don't tell me to quiet down,\" Robyn said in her normal voice. \"Hell, we should get Nigel over here. Nigel!\" Robyn said, leaning out the door. I slowly went to the floor, giggling. This was the most fun I'd ever had in my life! \"Wait, wait, wait, they're leaving,\" Robyn said excitedly. \"Oh yeah, shake that skeleton! Shake those bones! These girls don't have shit. Americans,\" she muttered. I collapsed in another fit of giggling. I wasn't American, so what the hell? Might as well enjoy the happiest time of my life. \"I wouldn't be laughing so hard if I were you,\" Olivia said, stopping by our door. \"Yeah, that's right; Rusty, something might pop out,\" Robyn said, giggling herself. \"No,\" Olivia said, rolling her eyes with disgust at us. \"Kendall's getting security because you're breaking the rules.\" We stopped laughing. \"You had two people in the stall, and you were saying put-downs.\" \"What?\" I said angrily. \"Actually, I was complimenting Rusty,\" Robyn said, snootily correcting Olivia. Olivia smirked and went off to go back to the mother ship. Nigel started to come out of his stall as she passed, still wearing his outfit. Olivia shoved her shoulder so the door, which wasn't all the way open, closed and he fell back into the stall. \"Nigel!\" Robyn cried. She had her hand on the door of his stall when she turned to yell after Olivia. \"Hey, you know it's against the rules to leave the stall door wide open and blind people too, eh!\" She grabbed a shoe from the floor and threw it at the door as Olivia slipped out. \"Bitch,\" Robyn muttered. \"Are you in trouble?\" Nigel said, emerging from the stall again. \"Nigel!\" Robyn cried, swooping over to him and hugging him. \"My poor little baby!\" Nigel's eyebrows went up, and his eyes darted over to me. \"Kendall's getting security because we were making fun of her,\" I said. \"And because we were both in the stall,\" Robyn said in a constipated voice, leaving Nigel. She sighed angrily. \"I'm gonna go and find the manager. Nigel, change your clothes.\" Robyn left after making sure Nigel was in the stall. I went back into the stall to try on the rest of my clothes. \"Can you believe Kendall made us leave?\" Olivia's voice said. I froze and quickly pulled the pants over my butt and zipped it up. I jumped up on the small bench in my stall, just as Olivia made Skylar look to see if I was there. Skylar didn't look all the way and didn't see me. I gave a quiet sigh of relief. \"At least she told us the big secret,\" Skylar said, going into the stall next to me. I heard zipping, and saw a dress on the floor of her stall. I gave a quiet sigh as I figured out she was trying on dresses for the ball. \"I know ,\" Olivia said, taking her annoying voice to an excited level. \"I felt so sorry for Amanda ever since Funchess broke up with her. He only deserves the trashiest bitch, right?\" I listened more intently. What were they talking about? \"I know . And know Kendall can make sure they do whatever she wants because she knows that Robyn is friends with a gay person,\" Skylar said. \"What does gay mean, anyway?\" \"Skylar, you're, like, fifteen, and you still don't know what it means? I bet you don't even know what me and Kendall do when we go upstairs during the balls with our boyfriends!\" Olivia exclaimed. Oh, God, that's just wrong, I thought. The poor Sisters' of Saint Katharina's hopes of calling off sin by letting Kendall host the dances were in vain. \"I thought Kendall said you play games,\" Skylar said, the confusion coming out in her voice. I rolled my eyes. Skylar was short, like me, but she still looked and acted like she was ten; Kendall thought she was adorable, which is probably why they're such great friends. \"Of course we play games, Skylar,\" Olivia said. I felt like I was going to throw up. A door at the other end of the room slammed shut. I heard footsteps, and remembered Robyn had gone to talk to the manager. \"ROYALTY BITCHES, IF YOU'RE NOT OUT OF HERE IN THE NEXT FIVE SECONDS, I WILL PERSONALLY BRING YOU TO HELL MYSELF!\" Robyn yelled, walking to the end of the room. I went down to the floor and looked under the door, counting to five as she walked to the stall Olivia and Skylar were in. I reached five just as she stopped. Robyn beat her fist against the door. Skylar opened the door. \"Look,\" she said, her high voice trying to sound ticked off. \"This is a public store, where I can get clothes that I need, that I want, for the ball I want to go to. Now leave me alone before I call security and get you kicked out, forever. And, by the way, you might think you're tough, but you're still a loser that won't be able to get a date to the ball and is still afraid to get up on the stage in drama. Here's a tip,\" Skylar said, leaning forward, \"forget trying to be an actress. You need to be born with it, Robyn; it's a talent that you either have that makes you beautiful and popular,\" Skylar looked down her nose at Robyn's old jeans, faded shoes, and worn out shirt, \"or you don't have, which makes you weird and ugly. Take the hint and get out of my face,\" Skylar said, her arms crossed, and her face waiting for Robyn to go away. Robyn was frozen. There was neither anger nor fear, nor happiness or sadness, but just completely blank; it was scary. Skylar then got impatient or something like that, and started turning back to the stall. Bad move. At the slight movement Robyn unfroze, and the transformation was instant. Before I could blink, Robyn had pushed Skylar's shoulder so she spun back so they were face-to-face, and then Robyn's left fist thrust forward. There was a slight crack, a millisecond of silence, and then a high-pitched scream cut through the air as Skylar's reflexes caught up with the action. She clutched at her now bleeding nose with her delicate hands, the blood flowing like Niagara Falls. She ran past Robyn, sobbing hysterically. Robyn stood with her shoulders back as she panted. \"What is wrong with you?\" Olivia exclaimed, coming out of the stall. \"How could you do that to poor, innocent Skylar?\" \"Excuse me?\" Robyn said. \"Did you hear the shit she said to me?\" \"She said everything that was true,\" Olivia said, crossing her arms. \"You are weird, and a loser.\" There was a rustle of clothes, and the next second Olivia let out a frantic cry, reaching up to touch her now black eye tenderly. Robyn grabbed her by the back of the neck, and shoved her toward the changing room entrance, as if she was just a little dog that had just chewed up the sofa, tinkled on the bed, and was barking her head off to a motorcyclist who was easily ticked off. As it was, Olivia's feet left the floor a couple inches because of the height of Robyn's rage. Stumbling into the door, Olivia looked back at Robyn with fear and rushed out of the door. I stood up and cautiously opened the stall door. Robyn spun around, her face a mask of rage, and I involuntarily flinched. Seeing that it was me, Robyn unclenched her bruised fists, and walked over. She looked down, and I was worried, because I'd heard everything that Skylar had said, too. I was about to say something, but then Robyn said unexpectedly, \"I've been wanting to do that for years.\" She looked up then, and relief filled me as she grinned. There was a creak, and we turned to see one of the stall doors opening. Nigel peeked out. \"Are they gone?\" he hissed. \"No, they just went over to go—\" \"Robyn!\" We all turned to see Kendall walk in the door. \"Get the mother ship,\" I muttered. Kendall had a smirk on her face as she walked towards us that made me feel queasy. \"I know your secret,\" she sang. \"What secret?\" Robyn barked. \"You know, your secret,\" Kendall sang, gleefully moving in a sort of dance that looked like it was supposed to be attractive. \"If you know the damn secret, then tell me.\" Robyn said. Oh no; I remembered the conversation Skylar and Olivia had had. \"No, no, no, it's a secret...\" Kendall said, smirking. \"I'm going to go make sure security isn't having any trouble getting to the changing rooms.\" She went to the door, and whispered, \"Secret,\" one more time before she slipped through. \"What the hell is she smoking?\" Robyn muttered. \"Robyn,\" I said, and told her about Kendall's plan. Nigel went out of his stall and had his in-put on the news, as well, since he didn't want to feel 'out of the loop', as he put it. \"So they're planning on you going out with Funcheesie?\" Robyn said. I nodded. She pursed her lips, and then her face changed. \"I've got a plan—no, forget that, I've had a revelation! Nigel,\" he looked skeptically at her, \"I'm going to need you.\" \"Right in here, Security,\" Kendall's voice drifted in. \"Shit!\" I said. \"Quick, get in the stall!\" Robyn said, shoving us in the stall behind me. \"Rusty, get on the bench.\" I jumped on the bench, which wouldn't be seen if someone opened the door. \"Nigel,\" Robyn quickly told him her revelation. I stifled a laugh. \"No!\" was his response. \"Yes!\" Robyn said. \"No!\" Nigel said stubbornly. \"Yes, Nigel!\" Robyn said, slapping him. \"Look, you want to be banned from your favorite store?\" Nigel looked down. \"No,\" he said sullenly. \"Okay. If you do this for me, I'll do whatever you want,\" Robyn said. Nigel's head perked up. \"Even get me a chance with that cute—\" \"Yes, anything! Now shut up and do as I say,\" Robyn said, taking off her shirt and threw it on the ground, her top now only covered by her dark blue sports bra. She took out her ponytail, wrapped her arms around Nigel's neck and her legs around his waist. She moved his hand to the back of her head and the other to her waist, and put her mouth on his to make the best and worst kiss ever just as the door burst open. There are some things in life that may seem so intense and funny at the same time, but then something else happens that makes the first thing seem like nothing. Say at the store that day. The look on Kendall's face—priceless! She could've caught whales in her mouth![Chapter 9] Chapter 8 \"Puh! Peh! Pthb! YUCK! Puh, puh, puh, puh! Nasty son of a—eugh!\" Robyn sighed. \"Nigel, I think your mouth is clean now,\" she called. \"You've been doing this for an hour.\" \"Yeah, well, you didn't have to use your tongue!\" he said from the bathroom across the hall, rinsing his mouth out for the hundredth time, and then rubbing his tongue with a damp towel. Robyn sucked in her lips and looked up and the ceiling. \"It had to be convincing,\" I said to the bathroom. The response was a vomiting sound. \"What, let me get this straight,\" Rudy said. \"The first boy you've ever kissed...was Nigel?\" \"Rudy, how many times are you going to say it?\" Robyn sighed. \"Yes, the first kiss I've ever had was with a gay boy, Nigel. At least I didn't make out with the entire school like Kendall and the rest of Royalty, okay?\" Nigel walked in, his tongue hanging out like a dog's. \"D'you hab any moudwadh?\" Robyn threw a bottle to him that she'd been tossing from hand to hand. He took off the cap and daintily poured mouthwash up to the brim of the cap, and then drank it like a shot. He swished it around in his mouth as he went to sit on Robyn's desk. \"So...does Kendall still think Nigel's gay?\" Rudy said. Nigel spit the mouthwash out into the sink and then said, \"Better not! I better get something good out of this!\" \"Yeah, I really doubt it,\" I said. \"I mean, Kendall's face was just pure shock.\" \"So...does this mean you won't have to go with Funcheesie?\" Rudy said. I blinked. Suddenly I felt like I should've been moving, like I needed to move and run. \"Uh, I guess so,\" I said. \"W-\" \"I'm hungry,\" Robyn suddenly declared. \"Nigel, I need help making a sandwich.\" \"But I'm not done with my mouthwash,\" Nigel said. Robyn clicked her tongue and grabbed his sleeve, dragging him out. \"We'll be back in a minute,\" Robyn said, closing the door. \"I'll be back in time for dinner, Mom!\" Rudy yelled, running out the door. \"Thanks for letting us know, Son!\" Robyn said. \"Imbecile; Mom and Dad have been out of the house for three hours,\" she muttered. I went slowly down the hall. I couldn't believe the conversation in the room had happened. This couldn't be happening. What would Kendall say? Oh, I could see her face now... \"Hey, Rusty; what's up?\" Robyn said, moving around the kitchen counter as she prepared her sandwich. \"Can you make me one of those?\" I asked. Food looked like the answer to bringing me back to reality. Robyn glanced at me and nodded, getting the supplies out again. She made the second one and slid the plate over to me, not saying anything. \"Thanks,\" I said, taking it. I headed to the table, where I ate my sandwich. I carried the plate back to the kitchen sink, where Robyn had stood the entire time. Robyn threw down the knife she'd had in her hand and looked at me. \"Okay, so you gonna tell me what happened, or should I endure a few more hours of curiosity?\" I looked at her. I stammered, nothing coming out of my mouth. Robyn raised her eyebrows and didn't leave me alone. I took a deep breath and said, \"Guess who's going to the ball after all?\" Robyn's expression slowly changed as it sunk in. \"AHHH!\" she screamed in pure joy, enveloping me in a tight hug. \"Nigel? Nigel, where are you?\" Robyn called. She grabbed her wallet and shoved it in her purse after checking she had her driver's license. \"Nigel, come on, we've got to go!\" \"I'm watching a movie!\" Nigel said. Robyn rolled her eyes and we went into the living room, but the TV wasn't on. \"Nigel?\" I said. \"Oh my God,\" Robyn said, grinning. \"There he is,\" she said, pointing to the small coffee table at the end of the couch on the other side of the wall. He sat on the couch, staring at something on the coffee table. \"Hey, gals,\" Nigel said without looking up. \"Nigel, what stage of watching a movie would this be?\" Robyn said, stepping forward and taking the DVD off the table. \"Contemplative?\" \"Uh huh,\" Nigel said. \"Hey, have you seen my scrunchie?\" Robyn took off her rubber band. \"Would this be it?\" \"Yup,\" Nigel said. \"Okay, let's go.\" We all went into the car, where Nigel didn't complain about the car smelling funny. Instead, he breathed loudly through his mouth the entire time, and started to complain that his stomach felt weird just as we were reaching the bridge. \"Nigel William Sebastian Irons, if you get carsick in my baby then I will toss you out onto the freeway,\" Robyn said. \"You used to get carsick too, and I never threatened to throw you out of the car,\" Nigel moaned form the back. \"Nigel, we were eight. Of course you didn't threaten me; it wasn't even your car,\" Robyn said. \"And that was when we went to Donner Lake. That was up in the mountains, dude.\" \"I prefer the term,\" Nigel made a burp that sounded like something other than air came up but he swallowed and shuddered, \"prima ballerina.\" \"Yeah, well, Prima Ballerina Nigel,\" Robyn said, \"cough up a dollar, because we need to pay the toll.\" She snapped her fingers and pointed to the space between her seat and mine. Nigel moved around a bit, and then he made a disgusting retching noise. I turned in alarm, thinking he'd actually done something, but he just dropped the dollar where Robyn was pointing. \"Nigel, that is dis-gus-ting,\" Robyn said. \"Would you have done that if I'd gotten that cute blonde—\" \"Isn't that Kendall's car behind us?\" Nigel said. \"WHAT?\" Me and Robyn said in unison, both turning around. Sure enough, there was the bright pink convertible with the bobble-heads in front. Oops, that was Kendall and Skylar. \"Perfect,\" Robyn said, turning to face the road again. \"I've got an idea,\" Nigel said quietly. \"Just the greatest thing to have a bitch behind you on your way back to school,\" Robyn continued, not hearing Nigel. \"How in the world can I make her pay for what the bitch did without getting in an accident?\" \"I've got an idea,\" Nigel said. \"Dear God of Heaven, if there is a God that gives any justice in this world, please send me a sign on how to deal with Kendall Maybells!\" Robyn exclaimed. \"Robyn,\" Nigel said, \"I've got a revelation!\" Robyn looked at him, and then at the sky. \"That was quick.\" She looked at Nigel in the rearview mirror. \"So, what is it? Oh, wait, we have to pay the toll,\" she said, slowing down. \"Rusty, cough up a dollar. Carpool rules,\" she said, holding out her hand. \"No, Rusty, don't!\" Nigel said. \"That's my whole revelation.\" \"Huh?\" Me and Robyn said, both looking at him in the rearview mirror. Nigel told us what to do. Robyn's face broke into a grin. She drove up next to the toll and rolled down her window. \"Hello, how are you?\" Robyn said. The guy grunted and held out his hand for the money. \"Uh, look, those girls in the car behind us made a bet with us and said they'd pay the toll if I won.\" The guy seemed to be interested in Robyn all of a sudden now that she mentioned betting. \"I won, but she's a little selfish, so don't be fooled if she says she doesn't know what you're talking about, okay?\" The guy nodded eagerly. \"Thanks. Bye,\" Robyn said, rolling up the window and pressing the gas. \"Nigel, you are now a messenger of God,\" Robyn said, looking at him again in the rearview mirror. \"Thank you, Robyn,\" Nigel said, bowing. \"Can I have my dollar back now?\" he said, reaching for it. Robyn quickly reached down and took it, stuffing it in her sweater pocket. \"Nah, Nigel, I think I'll keep this. Remember in third grade when you asked to borrow a dollar for lunch and you said you'd share it with me?\" \"What, you want the crappy school lunch now ?\" Nigel said. \"No; just the dollar,\" Robyn said. Nigel clicked his tongue in annoyance. I grinned. \"You know, this is turning out to be more sinful and exciting than when I lived in New York,\" I said to them. \"Looks like my dad was wrong—private school isn't less sinful.\" \"Yeah, but you gotta remember,\" Robyn said, \"that you're hanging out with the school weirdo and losers. Whatever reputation you had was ruined the moment you started acting friendly with me and Aurora.\"[Chapter 10] Chapter 9 \"It's good to be back home,\" I said, burrowing myself under my blankets. \"You consider a church home? Hey, scoot over, girl,\" Robyn said. She joined me under the blanket, squishing Aurora. \"Move over!\" \"You want me to move over? You've got half the bed!\" \"Nah, that's Rusty; move your big butt!\" \"My big butt—this is my bed!\" \"Oh no, we're going to fall,\" Aurora said. And we fell, all tangled in the blankets and stuffies in a big giggling heap. There was a knock on the door, and then a distinctly-recognizable Royalty say, \"Keep it down, I'm trying to get my dress on.\" \"That could take all month, dear,\" Aurora said. We got ourselves out of the blankets and I opened the door to see Kayla standing in the doorway. After the office incident on my first day, she'd also called me a smart-ass, which was more of a compliment than an insult, after I didn't let her copy my science homework. Instead, I'd said that the science book was right next to her. \"Look, I actually have a date, so just—\" she did the stupid little motion with her hand that the Royalty had started using that meant either shut up or calm down when they were doing it to themselves. \"Look, I have an actual decent date and more important things to do than argue with a slut like you right now, so just, you know—\" I flipped her off and slammed the door. \"Where'd you put your dress, Rusty?\" Aurora said. \"Oh, Robyn confiscated it because she said it looked like shit,\" I said. We both looked at Robyn, who grinned sheepishly. \"Robyn, where's my dress?\" I said with anxious concern. \"Don't worry, Rusty,\" Robyn said, rolling her eyes. \"I just wanted to fix a few holes in it. It's in the laundry room, in the dryer. I just put it in before coming here.\" \"Good. There's only four days until the ball,\" I sighed. \"Oh no, I'm starting to sound like one of them!\" \"It's okay, Rusty, we've got your back,\" Aurora said, grabbing a bag of chanchito and throwing them to me. Robyn had bought them from a little corner shop called the Carniceria we'd dropped by, saying that none of the Royalty would ever eat them because in English they were called fried pork skin ears. I took a handful and tossed them to Robyn and then grabbed my math book and folder and we went into doing our homework and helping each other. If we had been expecting it, we would've heard the whispers and giggles right outside our door. We would've known not to say where my dress was, and we would've known not to have a study group in my room instead of the main dorm. But, we were only human, and we weren't expecting the Royalty to do something as evil as they did. \"Okay, now, let's go over it again.\" Robyn and I had been walking back from lunch when all of a sudden, we were grabbed from behind and something was tied around my eyes and I was gagged. On most circumstances, that would have been the most horrifying and terrifying experience ever—except for one thing. The boys that had taken us were, of course, Jesse and Justin, Aurora's date and brother, and they had talked to us the entire way. \"No, no, no, Justin, you aren't going to some prom. It's just a dance, okay? So your shirt is fine. Stop flicking your hair, Prince Charming. Go over again what I told you to do,\" Robyn said. She'd assumed the main position of telling the two boys what to do, standing in the center of the gym, where the dance would be. They were nervous and, since we were girls (they just noticed it), and we were the best friends of Aurora, we could help them to get more than just one date. Jesse really liked Aurora, he was just a little...intimidated by Robyn, who was usually with her. Which would be a major relief for Aurora. \"Jesse, loosen up. You look like you're going to spontaneously have a breakdown,\" I said, pushing his shoulders so he wasn't standing like a soldier. \"Justin, what are you doing? Are you going to sweep her off her feet? Do you want to? Don't look at me like that, answer the question! No, I'm sorry, I can't hear you. Oh, really? And how are you going to do that? Then please tell me you aren't carrying a condom in your pocket. Gochino ! Give me that!\" I stopped Robyn from strangling Justin, grabbed her shoulders so she couldn't move, and said, \"Look, they're boys. They're high school boys. No, they're Catholic high school boys. No, scratch that; they're mastermind Catholic high school boys going to a dance.\" \"All right,\" Robyn sighed, getting out of my grip. \"But if Rudy has the same intent that dear old Justin did, I'm going to make him a eunuch.\" \"Did she just—\" Jesse stared at Justin, both of them open-mouthed, and then they quickly put their hands in front of their pants, just to be safe. There was a thump at the door. \"Oh, that's probably Aurora with Rusty's dress,\" Robyn said. I rolled my eyes playfully and said, \"If she was in a wheelchair and blind, she'd still find Jesse.\" \"Come in, Beautiful,\" Jesse called. The door opened, and Sister Wendy walked in. Jesse and Justin straightened up, and Robyn stepped down from where she'd stood on the chair to be taller than Justin and Jesse. \"Good afternoon, Sister Wendy,\" we chorused. \"Robyn and I were just giving Jesse and Justin advice on how to act around Aurora and Monica during the ball,\" I said, pulling my skirt nervously. Sister Wendy cleared her throat and nodded stiffly in her nun's habit. \"Rebecca Park,\" she said, turning to me, \"I've just learned from some girls that the dryer that your dress was in was defective—\" \"What?\" I said. \"—and the remains of your dress aren't suitable for the upcoming ball. Please make new arrangements.\" As she said this, she handed over a small box. She went outside, and I slowly opened it up, and pulled out the dress, dropping the box. I held it out. It was ruined. The left sleeve was ripped off, the hem was torn, there was a huge rip across the chest, the waist ribbon had been taken out, the entire thing was full of holes...it was entirely ruined. We'd spent hours going from store to store, trying to find the right dress that wouldn't make me seem so small, my hair so red, until we finally found the white dress. I dropped the dress on the floor and ran out. I heard Robyn behind me, yelling for me to stop. I ran past the cafeteria and the boys' staircase, past the bathrooms, up the stairs, through the girls' dorm, past the Royalty that had gathered on the armchairs and tables, up the stairs, through the tunnel connecting the building to the church, and down the stairs to the church. I fell before I reached the first pew, and let the tears flow then, sobbing. I didn't know that Robyn had been behind me the entire time. I didn't know that the Royalty had locked the door to the dorm so Robyn couldn't follow me to the church. I didn't know that she'd carried the box and the dress the whole way to the church entrance only to have it locked. I just knew that whatever chances I had of going with Rudy to the ball, to show the Royalty that an outcast like me could get invited to the ball.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10 \"Rusty, what's in the box?\" \"Did you bring me some cookies?\" \"Can I have one?\" \"What kind are they?\" \"They aren't oatmeal, are they?\" \"Oh my God, I hate oatmeal.\" \"Me too!\" \"Are you okay?\" \"Were you crying?\" \"Do you need to talk?\" \"Can I help you pray?\" As I walked through the girls' dormitory, all the voices were meaningless. They were so obsessed about themselves, about getting a good reputation to get the hottest guy. They didn't care about me at all. \"Is that your new dress, Rusty?\" I froze, my heel on the ground and my toes in the air. I turned around and faced Kendall, who was sitting in the biggest armchair. \"Who said anything about my dress?\" I said. \"Well, I saw your dress totally ruined and I was wondering if you had already gotten a new one,\" she said, her face full of curiosity and concern. I looked at the box. Robyn had stuffed it in the box before she ran after me. There was no way anyone had seen it before—I'd just gotten back from the church. Robyn had given it to me, then asked if I wanted to be alone. I didn't answer, so she gave me a hug and left me. I looked up at Kendall. This was her. It was all her, just so she could get Rudy. But this went beyond getting the hottest guy. This was serious—this showed she would stop at nothing to get what she wanted. This ended now. \"Kendall, come with me,\" I said. She got up, still acting like she was completely innocent. I went to my room and shut the door and locked it behind her. \"What's this about, Rusty?\" she said, sitting on my bed. I turned around and faced her. \"This is about everything. All this Royalty shit, it needs to stop.\" Her face was confused. \"I know you ruined my dress, Kendall. I'm not stupid, okay?\" \"Who said you were stupid? Was it Olivia? I knew I couldn't tell that dumbass anything; you've got it the wrong way, Rusty—\" \"Rebecca,\" I said coldly. She stopped, her mouth still in the process of saying something. \"What did I ever do to you? Why are you doing all these things to me? Why are you so mean to me? How can you just come to the school and act like you own it when there are other people that want to do more than just call people names and stereotype?\" She got up, and opened the door. \"I can't believe you,\" she said, glaring, before she slammed the door. I sank down to the floor, fresh tears coming. On the way to dinner, I had to stop by my locker. I passed a few Royalty, and if looks could kill, I'd be stone cold. I ignored them and went to the locker, pressing in the lock as I spun in the combination because it was so old. I had to try three times, and when I finally got it open and was about to put the box inside... Kayla, Olivia, Skylar, Angela, and Maddy came walking up the hallway, taking up the entire hall. Kayla had been trailing her hand on the lockers, and slammed mine shut, slapping me in the face. I staggered to the side, and then they all started laughing, like it was hilarious. I put my hand to my face, tears welling up. I tried to open my locker again, but people kept hitting me with their shoulders as they passed, messing me up and make me start all over again. I put the box under my arm and bushed my eyes with the back of my hand. Come on, stop it, I told myself. Spoiled girls can't make you cry. I sniffed and blinked. But just as I was sitting down, the box next to me, the PA came on. It sounded like something was sniffing, crying... My eyes got wide. No. No, she wouldn't do that. Yes. She would. People were whispering, laughing, all of them pointing at me. And then I heard Kendall say at the Royalty table, over the crying, \"I'd like to tell everyone just how happy I am to have finally found a date to the Winter Wonderland Ball. His name is Rudy—\" That was when I ran.[Chapter 12] Chapter 11 \"She's horrible, the stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid! I was worried about her feelings—she was playing me along the entire time! I wanna go home, but I can't... She has the entire school under her control. No, no, no, she does. Stop her...please...\" Kendall had somehow made my humiliation go school-wide. I'd locked myself up in my room and cried for the past hour, and had broken nothing, had thrown nothing, and yelled at no one. I was just about ready to die. And then my door opened and Robyn came in, singing. \"You're having a hard time and lately you don't feel so good.\" \"Lately?\" I said. \"More like the entire time I've been back at the school.\" \"You're getting a bad reputation in your neighborhood,\" she sang. \"I don't give a shit,\" I said. \"It's alright, it's alright. Sometimes that's what it takes. You're only human, you're allowed to make your share of mistakes,\" Robyn continued singing. \"But to screw up everything?\" I said. \"Robyn, no singing is going to help. I messed up everything, and now everyone hates me. Maybe I should just go jump out the window.\" I opened the window, put my foot out, and then Robyn's hands were dragging me back. She slapped me, her face serious. \"Stop. Stop it right now. Are you gonna let some bitch just ruin your life? Are you gonna commit suicide just because she wants to go out with Rudy? Or because she's trying to force you to go out with Funcheesie so he's not after her? Let me tell you something, Rebecca Park; she's not worth committing suicide. Not her, not Kayla, not Rudy, not even me. No one is worth your life, Rusty. Come on,\" Robyn said, her voice now softer. \"She's a spoiled bitch, chicken-shit; that's all she is. She's not used to not getting her way, and she's as stubborn as a jackass. \"But you are going to that dance, and you are going to dance, and if I have to tie, gag and lock Kendall and everyone else up in the janitor's smelly closet—it'll be my pleasure.\" \"I don't have a dress, and I'm not going to be able to get in,\" I said. \"I said it once, I'll say it again, I'll say until everyone in the entire world knows it—if I have to tie, gag and lock Kendall and anyone else up in the janitor's disgusting closet—it'll be my pleasure,\" Robyn said. \"It was smelly last time,\" I mumbled. \"And you don't need to worry about the dress, Rusty,\" Robyn said. She put her hand over my shoulders and led me to Aurora's room. \"I think she's got this.\" Aurora looked up from the sewing machine. \"Why didn't you tell me, Rusty? Didn't I tell you that I took sewing and knitting lessons from my grandma?\" \"N-n-n-no,\" I said quietly. \"Well, now you know. And you'll know something else, too; you're going to be the best-looking girl at the ball, I guarantee. And if anyone other than Rudy so much as looks at your dress funny,\" Aurora said, holding her needle like a dagger, \"then, dear, forget about Robyn—I'll be there and get them into their own stylish mummy.\" I felt tears coming down my cheeks again. But these were different—I was ready to do anything. Even face Kendall. \"Aurora, how's the dress coming—ah!\" I froze with my hand on the doorknob, staring at who was in the room. Angela was sitting on Aurora's bed, sewing the hem of my dress by hand. I turned to make a run for it. \"Wait!\" Angela said. She grabbed my arm, and I had no choice but to turn around. \"I'm sorry I was such a bitch to you. I really am. I know you probably won't trust anyone now, but I understand. Kendall went too far. And since I was there when Kendall ruined your dress, I wanted to help make a better one.\" I looked at Angela. \"If Kendall does anything else, you're not going to be involved?\" \"No,\" Angela said. \"She didn't send you here to distract me from something?\" \"Rusty, I swear. I'm never listening to her again,\" Angela said. \"What about Alex Funchess?\" I said. \"What about him?\" \"Weren't you with Kendall about trying to get me to go out with him?\" I said. Angela started to shake her head, and then sighed. \"Yes. I was. But you two would have made such a cute couple—\" \"Except for the fact that I don't like him and all this was just Kendall's plan so she could go out with Rudy,\" I said coldly. Angela was silent for a moment. \"All right. Rusty, I'll try my best to stop being matchmaker.\" \"You'd better do more than try,\" Robyn said. She came up behind me. \"If Kendall does anything else, I'm not holding back. Whoever is at the scene, they're gonna pay.\"[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 I sighed and checked the clock on the wall. \"Oh, what's the use in this?\" I said to myself. I should have known Kendall would make sure that I wouldn't go to the dance. I was the only girl still at the dorm, apart from my dear new friend, Pillow. I hugged Pillow, trying to fight the anger and tears when my cell phone rang. \"Hello?\" I said, trying not to sound like I was fighting tears. \"Rusty? Where are you?\" It was Robyn. \"Still at the dorm.\" I said glumly. \"Waiting for Rudy.\" \"Oh, damn. That boy better get over there, or I'm gonna go run home, grab him by the hair—\" I jumped at the sound of a motorcycle. I ran to the window, and saw the shape of Rudy in the dark. \"He's here!\" \"He probably heard me,\" Robyn said. \"I'll see you there.\" \"Okay.\" I closed the phone and ran down the stairs, coming down the last few steps as Rudy jogged over. \"I'm really sorry I'm late, the traffic was just—\" Rudy stopped, and stared at me. \"What?\" I said, feeling myself get hot. \"You're beautiful.\" I looked down, feeling my cheeks get hotter. \"I mean it. You are beautiful.\" Rudy said. That, ladies, and gentlemen, felt better than being called hot or sexy. At the dance, Robyn was the one letting people go in. \"I'm making sure you don't get mixed up with any Royalty,\" she said, grinning. We went in, and Rudy was kind of quiet. \"I want to make it up to you for being late,\" he kept saying. \"Rudy, it's fine. It's not your fault the traffic was—\" Rudy suddenly gave me a kiss on the cheek. I blinked. Did that really happen? \"Ugh!\" Kendall sneered at me, sticking out her chest at Rudy to show him that she was, in her opinion, a real woman. She was wearing a tight red dress that was in a narrow V that went all the way down to her stomach. \"Can I talk to Rusty for a sec, Rudy? Just girl-talk.\" Rudy tightened his grip on my hand, but I said, \"No, it's okay.\" \"Rusty, Robyn told me what happened. I'm not letting you go,\" he said. \"It's okay, Rudy. She's not gonna do anything in a crowd of people,\" I said, and followed Kendall off to the side. \"I hope,\" I mumbled when I saw her eyes. Come on, Rusty. Don't look like you're intimidated. You're not. You're not scared either, because you have Robyn, Aurora, Angela, Amanda...Rudy. Oh, now that Rudy was mentioned, I felt like giggling like a maniac. I managed to keep it under control. Kendall stood there for a second, looking at me. I looked back, making gestures for her to talk. When she didn't do anything for a while, I sighed and said, \"Are you gonna say anything or are we going to have a staring contest? I mean, we went through all this—\" \"How'd you do it?\" Kendall suddenly burst out. \"Come again?\" \"How'd you...\" she gestured at the dancers. I raised my eyebrows. \"You know, make everyone help you? What'd you do? Did you promise to do their homework for them? Pay them? Get into the computer and make their Fs into As? Sleep with them?\" \"Ew,\" I said. \"Uh, Kendall, I think that you need to realize something.\" \"I know, this dress makes me look fat,\" Kendall said angrily. \"No,\" I said, trying not to laugh. She was so incredibly stupid. \"Kendall, I didn't do anything to them.\" \"Then how'd you get Robyn and Aurora to hang out with you? What did you do!\" Kendall shouted in anger. I looked around and saw some people looked at us, but the music was so loud that no one really heard. \"Rebecca!\" Kendall said, grabbing my face and making me look at her. \"I'm frigging ready to have a tantrum here!\" \"What I didn't do was be spoiled, rich, and a slut,\" I said, looking straight at her. \"I didn't act like I was above them. I didn't stereotype. I was different, Robyn and Aurora were too. And I don't mean different like they had boots instead of the normal flat shoes. I mean that they did whatever they did without caring what people thought of them. Their friend, Nigel,\" I said, wondering if I should tell her. She looked at me, hungry for the things I was saying. Yes, let's see her reaction. \"The gay boy that was at Ross with us that one day—\" her face was pure shock but I continued \"—you saw how he was dressed when you came in. He's gay, and he doesn't give a shit what other people think of him. He's happy with himself, and that's all that matters. That's all that should matter.\" I left her and went over to Rudy. \"What'd she want?\" Rudy said suspiciously as he took my hand again protectively. \"She just wanted to talk, like she said,\" I said innocently. \"I just told her Nigel was really, you know, gay. Her face was pretty much the same as last time.\" \"Yeah, I think Robyn has it on video,\" Rudy said, jerking his chin over to the entrance. I looked over, and saw Robyn's face lit by the light of a camera. She looked like she was enjoying herself, and I heard her laughter over the music. After the dance, me and Rudy went for a walk around the school gardens that the Sisters took care of it, and were very strict about keeping food and trash out of their precious babies. \"You know,\" I said, fighting a shiver. Rudy slipped out of his jacket and put it over me. I grinned at him. \"My dad was wrong. Private Catholic school wasn't less sinful than the public schools. And to think, I might've been a Religious if I hadn't met Robyn on my first day. Weird, huh?\" \"Rusty, don't take this the wrong way,\" Rudy said, \"but I don't think you could've ever fit in as a Religious. You're perfect with the status you have right now.\" \"Rudy, I don't have any status,\" I said. \"Exactly.\" Rudy said, grinning. I grinned back. Maybe my dad was right, after all. Maybe private Catholic school was for me.[Chapter 14] Epilogue \"And over here would be the showers, which are still getting cleaned up from the dance a month ago. There's the laundry room—always have someone with you when you go there, because it gets pretty damn scary at night, especially if you just came from the dorm where you were watching The Blare Witch Project—Rusty!\" Robyn went over to me, where I was waiting for her in front of the cafeteria. \"Sorry to keep you waiting, Rusty, but we've got new students, who are cousins. Rebecca Park, meet Emma Campbell and Imani Boyd,\" Robyn said. \"Hi,\" I said to the two girls. Emma was tall, had curly red hair in a bun like me, and had freckles all over her nose. Imani was a little shorter than Emma, had curly brown hair, and was a little chubby. \"Okay, first thing to know about this Catholic private school,\" I said, \"is there're three groups. There's the Royalty and the Religious, and then there's us, the Outcasts. But they just call us that because we're different.\"[Chapter 15] Epilogue \"And over here would be the showers, which are still getting cleaned up from the dance a month ago. There's the laundry room—always have someone with you when you go there, because it gets pretty damn scary at night, especially if you just came from the dorm where you were watching The Blare Witch Project—Rusty!\" Robyn went over to me, where I was waiting for her in front of the cafeteria. \"Sorry to keep you waiting, Rusty, but we've got new students, who are cousins. Rebecca Park, meet Emma Campbell and Imani Boyd,\" Robyn said. \"Hi,\" I said to the two girls. Emma was tall, had curly red hair in a bun like me, and had freckles all over her nose. Imani was a little shorter than Emma, had curly brown hair, and was a little chubby. \"Okay, first thing to know about this Catholic private school,\" I said, \"is there're three groups. There's the Royalty and the Religious, and then there's us, the Outcasts. But they just call us that because we're different.\" ","Summary":" BETWEEN HELL AND HEAVEN What happens when a bunch of eleventh-graders that go to a boarding school "},{"Movie":"Footloose","Title":"Key to your heart","Author":"KellBell4423","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7519900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! i'm new to fanfiction this is my first story. I absoloutely love the new movie so its based off the 2011 version. I really hope you guys like it, please review! I'll update soon :) Chapter 1 Ariel POV The car jerked to a stop as Ren looked over at me. \"God I missed you.\" He smirked catching a loose strand of my hair and tucking it behind my ear. \"I bet that I missed you more.\" I said switching my position over into his seat to straddle him. \"Prove it.\" he whispered. I crashed my lips to his inhaling his scent. How did I last a week with out his lips on mine? The electricity flowing between us was incredible, I couldn't get enough. I parted my lips and he snuck his tongue into my mouth, exploring my own. I grasped fist fills of his shirt and pulled him closer. I just couldn't get close enough. His hands rubbed up and down my thighs, and explored the contours in my back. I trailed my lips along his jaw line and down his neck, gently biting it before sucking the skin, making him moan in pleasure. His breath came fast and he ran his hands up my sides. I played with his hair as I made my way back to his mouth giving him one slow, final kiss on the lips. I pulled my face back to examine his. His brown eyes were filled with happiness and a genuine smile played on his lips. \"it's damn good to be home.\" he breathed. \"it's damn good to have you home\" I said grinning ear to ear. The smile dropped from his face as he sighed and said \"you're gonna be late for class. Again.\" I rolled of of him pouting to grab my things. \"can't we play hooky today?\" I asked a mischievous grin on my face. \"now what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn't care about your education?\" he looked me in the eye. \"how did I get so lucky to have you?\" I wondered giving him a peck on the lips before going to open my door. \"ah ah ah.\" Ren stopped me getting out of the car to get it for me. \"What a gentleman.\" I smiled, entertwining our fingers together. \"Miss Moore late for class once again I see.\" miss Stratton said looking at me and Ren over her glasses. \"Sorry Mrs. S, my fault. Just can't keep my hands off her.\" he winked at me carrying my books to my seat. \"I'll pick you up for lunch?\" he asked already knowing my answer. \"I'll be counting the minutes.\" I say wrapping my arms around his neck. I stood on my tip toes but he still had to lean his face down to press his lips to mine. Mrs. Stratton cleared her throat. We parted unwillingly. \"See you at noon beautiful\" he smiled, and with that he was out the door. My classmates looked at me with jealousy. I truly had the perfect boyfriend. \"well haven't seen him since last week. Where'd he go?\" Mrs. Stratton pried. This was me and Ren's morning routine for the past year now. Everyone was used to it. \"He went to help his sick aunt. She was in the hospital with a concussion. He had to take care of her house and pets while she was away.\" I smile thinking of how sweet he is. \"What a nice boy. Now if he could only get you to class on time.\" she laughed. I grinned and pulled out my text book trying to catch up. But I couldn't help but feel Chucks eyes on me. I looked over my shoulder to see him frowning. I scoffed. Serves him right. Dirty cheater. We had dated for almost a year before I caught him behind the barn with Hannah. That was right around the time when Ren came to town and put back the pieces of my heart back together. I smiled from just the thought of his face and knowing I'd be with him in just 3 hours. Ren POV I'm so incredibly lucky to have Ariel. I don't know why she fell for a guy like me, and to be honest, it doesn't matter. What does matter is that she's mine, and I'm hers, and by the end of the year we'll be off to college together. Of course I didn't mind waiting for her to finish high school. I'm only one year ahead but I'd wait an eternity for that girl. Her soft blue eyes make me melt and every time she smiles I just want to kiss her or scream to the world how beautiful she is. I feel like the luckiest guy alive. I have no idea how that idiot Chuck cheated on someone so perfect. How could he have been so careless? Did he not realize the perfection he had? Maybe he didn't but every other guy in that school sure did. It seems I have to beat them off with a stick to keep them away from her. I used to get so jealous but now I don't pay any mind to it. Ariel doesn't give them the time of day and I trust her. With my life. I'm never going to let her go. One day I'll get down on one knee and ask her to be my wife, and I won't take no for an answer. Without her I'm nothing. I need her in my life, I love her with everything I have. She was the one who was there for me when I lost my mother. She was the one who was there for me when my father walked out. She was the one who was there for me when I was accused of doing drugs or selling them. She was there through the struggles of abolishing the dancing ban. She was there through it all. And I don't think I would've made it without her. She's the reason I'm who i am today, and I'll do everything I can to make her the happiest she can be. No matter what it takes.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Ariel POV 12:05! The lunch bell rang filling my ears with a sweet sound. I skipped down the outside stairs and took a seat on the bench. Ren would be here any minute. And even though it'd only been 3 hours I was dying to see him. I put in my head phones and pressed play on my iPod. I hummed along to the melody of Almost Paradise. I closed my eyes to remember the night of the prom and smiled. A hand came from behind and tugged the head phones from my ear and a frustrated looking Chuck sat down next to me. \"What ever happend to us?\" he sighed. \"Well let's see,\" I said \"It all started when you decided it'd be a good old time to mess around with Hannah behind Mr. Clinten's barn. Oh and let's not forget the time you beat me, 'cause that was loads of fun too!\" I got up and started walking away. He caught me by the wrist and spun me around. \"How many times do I have to apologize until you realize how sorry I am baby?\" He looked me in the eye. I scoffed and kept walking. But he followed close behind. \"I miss you, you know.\" He whimpered, \"Sometimes you have to lose something to realize what you had. And I've done a lot of realizing, and I ain't nothing without you darling.\" \"You weren't nothing with me Chuck, and you ain't ever gonna be anything. I just thank the good lord I figured that out soon enough.\" I heard him stop walking and I pulled out my phone to text Ren I wasn't waiting in my usual spot. Me: *Hey :) Chuck gave me a bit of a hard time, took a short walk to get rid of him. I'm by Bobby's memorial.* Ren replied only seconds later. Ren: *I swear if he laid a finger on you I will beat the living shit out of him.* Me: *I love you :) and no he's just feeling sorry for himself, giving me grief about ending it between us. I handled it, I'm fine.* Ren: *Alright I'll be there in 2 minutes. Love you 3* Me: *love you too 3* Ren POV Damn Chuck. How can he expect her to feel sorry for him after what he put her through? You don't cheat on a kind sweet hearted girl like her, hell you don't cheat on any girl. It's just not right. And you don't EVER lay your hands on a woman, I don't care how mad you are. It's disgusting how he beat her. I could've killed him when I saw her black eye and busted lip. And I can't believe Reverend Moore had thought I had done it to her at first. I could never hurt her. Physically or emotionally. Thank god me and her father are on good terms now. I pulled up next to Bobby's memorial and got out of the car. Ariel was sitting on the stone bench in the middle of all the flowers surrounding the plaque. I sat down next to her and took her fragile hand in mine. I could see a tear rolling down her face and I wiped it away. I kissed her cheek and put my arm around her. She leaned her head on my shoulder and sighed. I could've stayed like this forever but Ariel stood up only keeping my hand and said, \"I'm starved. Let's eat.\" She pulled me off the bench and I picked her up bridal style to put her through the window of my yellow buggy. Never did get that damn door fixed, but she doesn't seem to mind.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Ariel POV After lunch Ren brought me back to school. He walked me to my class like always, but he seemed distant. I hope the thing with chuck didn't upset him. I tried to focus on class but I couldn't. I kept thinking about Ren, wondering what was wrong. If it wasn't the thing with chuck what was it? I just can't wait for the damn bell to ring. Ren POV I know Ariel noticed something was up when I dropped her off, she always notices everything. Ill admit that the chuck thing upset me a bit, I want to know what he said to her. What if she were to second guess her feelings for me? What would I do then? I walked down the halls I knew too well on my way back to the car, when I spotted chuck, lighting up against a wall. I walk over and stand in front of him. He looks up at me with a questioning face. \"Chuck, long time no see eh?\" I say without an ounce of friendliness in my voice. I took the cigarette from his hand and threw it to the ground, stomping on it. \"Nah I've seen you around McCormack, sticking your tongue down my girls throat.\" He stood up to his full height, still a little shorter than me. \"I won't fight you today, I got shit to do other then kick your sorry ass like I did at prom, but I don't want you to touch her, talk to her, hell don't even look at her. Leave. Her. Alone.\" I spoke in an icy tone. \"We clear?\" I asked. \"I'll do what I want.\" He said, but I could tell he was nervous saying that. I shoved him against the wall, pinning him there. \"I hope were clear. Cause if were not, I WILL find you chuck. And when I do just know you won't be able to drive your daddy's fancy race cars anytime soon.\" I let him go and started strolling down the hall as if nothing had happened. Ariel POV The bell rang and i sprang from my seat, almost sprinting outside. Ren was leaning against his yellow buggy, sunglasses on and looking adorable. \"hey\" I said wrapping him in hug. \"Ok I might as well say it before you ask what's wrong\" he teased. \"Is it about Chuck?\" I asked, hoping I was wrong. \"Well...ya. But it's fine now, we had a talk.\" he smiled looking mischevous. \"You and chuck had a talk?\" I asked in disbelief. \"That would be correct.\" \"But it's all good now, you're ok?\" I checked. \"Yes, everythings fine.\" he grinned \"Ok good enough for me.\" I smiled back and gave him a peck on the lips before opening my door and sliding in. \"Wait, don't you wanna know what happend?\" Ren asked bending over my window. \"No. I trust you. I'm sure you handled it well.\" i said. He smiled so big when I said I trust him. And I do. He's never done anything to make me doubt him and I'm sure he never will.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 The lights of the truck shone through the windshield of the car, right before the cruel impact...I bolted up in bed panting hard. Tears began to collect in my eyes and spill over. That's the second time this week I've dreamt I was Bobby. I picked up my phone and dialed Ren's number. \"Hello?\" he mumbled sounding tired and drained of energy. \"Ren?\" I said crying. \"Ariel? What's wrong?\" he started to freak out, sounding totally awake now. \"I need you.\" I heard the sound of Ren's car pull up the drive and I sprang from my bedroom and out the door, not caring that I was in my PJ's and my hair was probably a wreck. I ran into Ren's arms and he lifted me and spun me around. I didn't know what was wrong with me but I needed him so badly right now. When he set me down I didn't let go. I held onto him and burrows my face in his chest. \"What's wrong babe?\" Ren asked his voice full of concern. \"I need you. I miss you.\" I whimpered. He chuckled softly, \"I'm right here kitten.\" I squeezed him tighter, \"But for how long?\" I cried. \"Ariel,\" he says pushing me back to look into my eyes, \"what is this all about?\" \"Ren just promise me you'll never leave me. Promise me you'll never go away.\" tears began to fall from my eyes. Ren wiped them away and caressed my face. \"I will NEVER leave you.\" he spoke sincerely, \"I love you too much, I'd be breaking my own heart.\" I put my head against his chest and continued to cry. \"Ariel, what brought all this on?\" he pondered stroking my hair. \"Bobby said he'd always be there for me, always stick up for me. Then one day just like that he broke all his promises. And he's gone forever.\" I sobbed Ren's arms tightened around me and he whispered in my ear, \"baby I'm not going to lie to you and say that will never happen to me, because it could, but just know that as long as I'm alive and breathing I will love you, and be with you, as long as you want me around. I'm not going anywhere.\" I picked my head up and he pressed his forehead to mine. I closed my eyes and he gave me a soft kiss. \"I love you.\" I smiled \"forever and always\" he whispered back. :)[Chapter 5] PLEASE READ IMPORTANT Hey everyone! My computer wasn't working for some reason but it's fixed and I updated what I had been writing while it was broken! They're all pretty short chapters but there's three of them so it's all good I noticed a lot of people added me to their favorites and updates and that made me super happy! But, only 2 (very kind and wonderful) people reviewed. If you guys could just write a short review that would make my day! I really want feed back, and I need ideas on where you guys want me to go with this story! It doesn't have to be long just tell me whether you liked it or not and if you have any ideas or suggestions Please share! Thanks to everyone who read! More chapters coming very soon![Chapter 6] Chapter 5 Ariel POV I can't wait. Tonight is going to be amazing. I'm taking Ren, Willard, and Rusty dancing! We haven't been out of town since the country club, but this time I'm switching it up. We're going to a real authentic New York City club. This is just what we all need. Some excitement. I walk up Uncle Wes's front step and knock on the door. His Aunt answers, smiling at me. \"Please come on in Dear.\" Ren POV These are the times when I really miss my mother. Lying here alone in my room, the sun going down at a steady pace. I trace my finger over her smiling picture and allow a few tears to free fall down my cheeks. I miss everything about her. Her laugh, her smile, her warm hugs. She always had the answer to my problems. I hear the door to my room open and a happy looking Ariel strolls right in. \"Saddle up cowboy its Friday night and we are gonna-\" the smile falls from her face and her breath catches when she sees my tear-streaked face. She's by my side in less than a second, arms around me, fingers running through my hair, telling me it'll be ok. I cry into her neck and I don't even care that she sees me like this. I need her to be there for me, and she is. And I couldn't thank her enough. I pick my head up and look into her perfect blue eyes, while tears still run from mine. In a moment my lips are on hers. She lays back and I go with her. She runs her hands up my shirt and over my chest and back. She trails a finger up my spine, making me shiver. I feel her smile and deepen the kiss. I lightly tug and the end of her shirt but she catches my hand before I can pull it off. She sits up and says \"Not tonight, well not right now.\" I know she caught me smile at 'not right now'. \"We are goin dancing.\" she grins. \"I'm in.\" I stand up smirking. \"I'll call Willard.\" I reach for the phone but she grabs my hand and weaves her fingers through mine. \"Already did him and Rusty are waiting to be picked up.\" she says as she trails me out the door. By the time we get to Willard's it's dark and Rusty and him keep complaining on why it took so long. \"Gee Ren can't you keep it in your pants till after we dance?\" Willard jokes and we all laugh. We pull up to the club and I can feel excitement pulsing through my veins. I needed this. Ariel always seems to know exactly what I need.[Chapter 7] Hey guys! I tried to update really fast cuz I asked for more reviews and got them :D and a lot of people are adding me to subscription and favorite lists! Thank you to everyone who reviewed and favorite, and thank you to the person who messages me, telling me how much they like it! Your reviews and messages and favorites legit MAKE MY DAY! It's a shortish chapter so sorry, but if you review I'll update super super fast with a longer better chapter! Once again never be shy to give me idea and suggestions! Please please review! P.S. I want you to decide! WHAT SHOULD HAPPEN NEXT?[Chapter 8] Ariel POV The club was incredible. Blue and purple lights flashed around the smoky dance floor, glitter continuously falling from the ceiling. It was like nothing I've ever seen before. The music was blasting, and it was crowded and hot, and the most fun I've ever had. A steady beat was going and I pulled Ren onto the dance floor. I pressed up against him dancing so close you couldn't of fit a sheet of paper between us. Swaying and moving to the rhythm, our hearts never felt more connected, and I wondered if he could feel it too. I turned my back to him and wrapped my arms around his neck swaying my backside along with his hips. His hands moved down my stomach to rest on my upper thighs. I whirled around and pressed my forehead to his and kissed his lips, a soft, lingering kiss that left him begging for more. But when he leaned in again I turned my head to the side so he kissed my cheek. \"I'll be right back.\" I whispered in his ear, and headed towards Rusty. \"Did you bring them?\" I asked with a mischievous smile. \"Well duh. Let's go.\" she winked and I pulled her from Willard and we dashed to the bathroom. I pulled the dress from the bag and admired it in its glory. It was short and tight, with a silky fabric. Its low neckline flattered me very well, and it showed off my legs alot more than my father would ever approve of. It was so tight it showed every curve in my body, it was like a second skin. It was gorgeous and I've never felt more beautiful or sexy. Rusty's dress was blue and a shimmery sequin fabric that was beaded under the bust. She looked fantastic. We burst from the hall catching every male eye, and upseting alot of girls. I found Ren sitting at the bar sipping on a beer. I strutted up to him and watch his eyes widen an the beer drop from his hands and shatter on the floor. I giggled and he blushed looking like the cutest thing ever. His eyes raked over me with a strong desire. I held my hand out and he took it, leading me onto the dance floor, where a slow beautiful song began to play. His arms circled my waste and I wrapped mine around his neck and place my head on his shoulder. \"You know every guy is staring at you, and hating my guts because you're with me right?\" he whispered in my ear. \"Well they're just gonna have to suck it up because you're the only one I'm staring at.\" I picked my head up and searched his eyes. \"You're amazing.\" he said sincerely, \"I don't know how I got so damn lucky.\" I put a finger under his chin and pulled his lips down to mine. Tonight was perfect. He was perfect. Everything was perfect. Nothing could ruin this for me. \"I love you\" I whispered. \"I love you too.\" he told me, \"more than you'll ever know.\" I knew he really meant it. And I loved him so much, so I figured now was a good time as any. \"I'm ready.\" I mumbled nervously. \"You're sure?\" he asked, \"I'm not pressuring you into anything; I want you to be comfortable.\" He was so sweet. \"I know I'm ready Ren. I never felt this way with anyone. I love you, and I want you. All of you.\" Ren POV \"I'm ready.\" she mumbled nervously, biting her lower lip the way she always does. I can't believe it. Finally, we can truly seal our love. After a few more songs we left the club, Rusty and Willard making out in the backseat, and we tried not to gag. I dropped them both off at Willards, his parents were hardly ever home, and I knew what they were planning on. \"So where do you want to go?\" I asked uncomfortably. \"We most definitely can't go to my house.\" she laughed breaking the tension. \"My aunt and uncle are home so not mine either.\" I added. Suddenly her eyes brightened and a smile spread across her face. \"The yearbook.\" I placed the lantern in the middle of the floor and looked at her. She was so beautiful, and I couldn't believe this was finally happening. She stepped towards me, her hands shaking as she put one on my cheek and drew my lips to hers. She tugged at the ends of my shirt, and I helped her pull it over my head. She ran her fingers down my chest, tracing my abs. I gently pulled her to the couch in the corner of the room, and she lay on top of me, breathing quickly. I tugged on the zipper of her dress, pulling it all the way down, and she easily slipped out of it. I flipped us over, supporting myself on my arms so I didn't crush her. \"You're sure?\" I questioned one last time. \"Never been more sure of anything.\" she stated. And with that my lips were on hers, and everything was skin, and I never felt more alive.[Chapter 9] Ariel POV I woke up, the sun shining through the cracks in the roof. Strong arms were wrapped around my torso, and I smiled knowing they were the love of my life's, as I recalled last night. It was amazing, best night of my life. I've never felt closer to anyone than I do right now. I could feel Ren starting to stir and he groaned at the sun light and buried his face in my neck. I giggled and shifted to face him. \"Wake up sleepyhead\" I teased tickling him. He laughed and rolled over on me to get the upperhand. I decided to surrender with a kiss, and he gladly ended the war. \"I love you.\" I smiled. \"Not as much as I love you.\" he said placing a finger on my nose. He rolled off me and onto the floor. He sighed and stared at the ceiling. I shot up, a sudden thought occurred to me. My dad. \"Shit!\" I screamed flying off the couch searching for my clothes. \"Ariel what the hells wrong?\" Ren asked. \"My dad! I never came home last night! He's gonna kill me! And you! He's gonna kill both of us!\" I screeched trying to find my pants. Ren chuckled and got up. \"Dont worry about it I took care of everything I called him and told him you slept at Rustys because you were too tired to make the trip to your house.\" he stated. \"Ren your the best!\" I yelled flinging myself into his arms so relieved. He smiled and wrapped his arms around me and I stiffened. I realized we were both still naked, we both blushed. He released me and grabbed his clothes and started to tug them on, I followed his example. I shut my door to the buggy and looked over at Ren. I just can't stop smiling, and neither could Ren. He started the car and pulled out into the road. \"So what should we do today?\" I ask, and the smile dropped from his face. He looked upset I asked. \"Aw damn. I'm a little busy, I have to pick something up in an hour. I'm free tonight though.\" He tried to amend. \"Oh, no that's totally fine.\" I said not evening trying to hide my disappointment. \"Babe, I'm so sorry. I'll explain everything later can we meet at like 7?\" he pleaded looking sincerely sorry. \"Yeah, absolutely.\" I said faking a smile. \"You're the best,\" he smiles leaning over to kiss me. I shut the door to my room, glad I avoided my parents, and slumped onto my bed to sulk. We had spent an amazing night together, I gave him everything, and he didn't even want to spend the day with me. I wanted to cry, but I kept myself together. I mean Ren's not like that. Im sure he had to do something important. But what kind of oexcuse is I have to go pick something up? Ren's never been one to lie to me, so I pushed that thought to the back of my mind. I love Ren and I know he loves me. I trust him. I just wish he hadn't taken off so suddenly. He said he'd explain later, so it better be a good explanation. I rolled over and grabbed the phone. I dialed Ren's number, but hung it up right after. I called Rusty instead. \"Hey girl.\" she answered knowing it was me. I spilled everything to her. \"Honey, you know Ren, and he wouldn't just ditch without a reason.\" she told me. I got up and started to pace, feeling restless. \"I know, it's just so wired I mean all he said was he had to pick something up.\" I sighed \"Well he said he'd meet up at 7 so it's not like he's avoiding you or anything.\" she tried to cheer me up. \"Well I guess we'll see what happens at 7.\" I clicked the phone off and threw it on the bed. I looked at the clock. Only 2 p.m. Looks like I have 5 hours to kill.[Chapter 10] Hey everyone! So so so so so sorry I haven't updated! I was at a wedding my aunt got married :D! Soooo here's chapter 9 I hoped you liked it! do you guys think Ren really bailed on Ariel because she gave it up? Hope not -.- Well im gonna make a deal I will update right away as soon as I get at least 2 reviews for each chapter! And btw thank you for the reviews I got for Chapter 8! Thanks to the reviewer who added me to the Youtube favorite fanfics! That LEGIT made my day! Can I have your account name on youtube so I can look at the video? Please! Ok well please Review review review! Chapter 10 will come after 2 reviews :D[Chapter 11] Ariel POV I waited in the parking lot of the drive-in where we agreed to meet. At 7. And it was 7:30. I sighed took out my phone. No missed calls or messages. I could feel my eyes begin to water. \"Hey Ariel!\" a group of friends called. I quickly composed myself, \"Hey guys! What goes on?\" \"Catching a movie, wanna come?\" Jane asked. \"Nah, that's ok you guys go on, I'm waiting for someone.\" I fake smiled. \"Alright catch ya later.\" she waved. I walked over to the snack bar and took a seat at a table. I put my head down and closed my eyes. I felt a tap on my shoulder and I picked my head up. I turned to see Ren. He looked like I had stabbed him, and I guessed it was because of my red watery eyes. \"Ariel please tell me whats wrong.\" he put an arm around me and sat down. \"Hmm i don't know maybe because I gave you everything last night, and then you ditch me in the morning without an explanation. And now you're late. I'm guessing you don't want much to do with me anymore.\" I cried shrugging off his arm. He wiped the tears from my cheeks with a sigh. \"You have to know that's not true! I want everything to do with you! I need you in my life Ariel. I love you.\" he pleaded \"So where were you all day?\" I questioned \"Boston.\" he almost whispered. \"Boston? Doing what?\" I asked stunned. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small white box. He Slid it over to me and I carefully removed the lid. Inside was a gold necklace in with a heart shaped key dangling from the chain. I gasped. I was beautiful. \"It was my mothers,\" he sighed \"I knew it was still in our old house. I put it under a loose floor board. I didn't think I could take it without taking her with me. But I want you to have it. You mean the world to me, and I hope this proves it.\" Tears swelled in my eyes and spilled over. \"Do you not like it?\" he asked worried. \"No Ren I love it. I'm so happy. You make me so happy. I just love you so much.\" I smiled. He took the key and flipped it over. For Ariel, the love of my life. The key to my heart has always been yours, but now it's official. Forever and always, I'll be by your side, Ren. \"You got it engraved?\" I almost shouted. He smiled at my reaction \"Of course.\" he chuckled. He grabbed the clasp and clipped it around my neck. \"You look so beautiful.\" he sighed happily. I looked at him, he was truly so amazing. Those brown eyes seemed to go on for miles. I grabbed his face between my hands and crashed my lips to his. I wrapped my arms around his neck and his fingers ran through my hair. I pulled away, breathless. \"I love you more than anything. I would do anything for you. You're my everything.\" I pressed my forehead to his. \"I can't put words to how I feel for you. You're my world, without you my life is over. I love you too.\" he breathed. He grabbed me by the hand and led my to the car. \"Where are we going?\" I asked \"It's a surprise.\" he smiled his beautiful smile that gave me butterflies. He pulled into a corn field and I couldn't help but wonder what was happening. He opened my door and helped me out. \"Close your eyes.\" he whispered in my ear. I shut them, a little suspicious. He led me through the field, I could only feel the stalks brushing against my arms. Suddenly his hand left mine. \"Ren?\" I called keeping my eyes shut. \"Open your eyes.\" I heard from behind me.\" My eyes flew open to take in the sight around me. I gasped. It was so beautiful. There was a small clearing in the center of all the stalks. A picnic blanket had been set out with candles and flowers and food that looked incredible. What really made it was over everything a white arch stood decorated with lights and roses. I was shocked. I turned to Ren. \"You did all of this? Just for me?\" I asked stunned. \"You say 'just for me' as if you aren't worth it. You're worth so much more than I can give you. So yes I did this 'just for you', because you make every second worth living.\" he grinned. Tears began to stream down my cheeks once again. I'm such an emotional wreck today. \"This is perfect. You're perfect. I cannot ask for more than you've given me. I love you more than anything.\" I cried. He placed his lips lightly on mine, then led me to sit down and eat. After the meal we laid under the stars. Neither of us talked, just enjoyed each others company. I placed my head on his chest and he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer. I could feel myself drift to sleep, when I heard Ren begin to sing. The song was unfamiliar, but Ren had a great voice. I focused on his singing and fell into a peaceful, dreamless slumber. Tonight could not have been more perfect. And neither could my amazing boyfriend, who I am so lucky to be able to call mine. Just as I promised! I got 4 reviews on the last chapter! Yay! Thank you so much![Chapter 12] IM NO WHERE NEAR DONE WITH THIS STORY DON'T WORRY! there will be many more chapters :D hav no fear! Awesome job reviewing! REN POV I peered over my uncle Wes to look at Ariel in the pew across from me. Church would be so long if I didn't have her to stare at. I caught her glancing at me and we shared a smile. Last night was fantastic. I'm so glad she's still wearing my mothers necklace. My mom would've loved Ariel. They're so alike. Usually thoughts like these would upset me but all I can do today is smile. \"Hey there.\" she said wrapping her arms around me when shed gotten away from her dad. \"Good morning beautiful.\" I said returning the embrace. She pulled away and smiled. \"Ariel!\" Rusty called, \"you comin?\" \"Yea be there in a sec!\" she yelled back. \"Me, Rusty, and the girls are heading over to the snack bar, wanna come?\" she asked. \"Nah that's cool, I'm going over Willards. Catch you later?\" I Checked. \"3 o'clock?\" she suggested. \"Perfect.\" I said. She gave me a quick kiss and ran off towards her friends. Ariel POV \"Hey ariel don't you forget my fries!\" Edna called. \"Do I look like a waitress?\" I chuckled heading up the steps to get our food. \"hey Marty\" I addressed the cashier, \"Can we get 3 sodas, and 1 large fry?\" \"sure thing, 13.40.\" he grinned \"ah damn. Only gotta 10. Will that do?\" I asked sweetly. He sighed and shook his head, \"alright, alright.\" he took my money and handed over the food. There was a long line blocking the front door so I headed out the back. Suddenly my drink was knocked out of my hand and I was pushed against the wall. My head throbbed from hitting the bricks. \"Hello there little Miss Moore.\" a drunken voice whispered in my ear. Chuck. \"Get off me!\" I screeched hitting him in the back. \"Now c'mon darlin, don't be like that.\" he stuttered pressing me harder into the wall. \"HELP! HELP ME!\" I yelled begging my friends to come to my rescue. \"Shut up!\" he slapped me across the face. \"they cant here you.\" he chuckled. \"Chuck please\" I whimpered. \"Don't worry, I'll take real good care of you.\" he breathed his alcohol rich breath in my face causing me to shudder. \"Ren's gonna come for me.\" I said confidently. \"Ren ain't worth shit.\" he grumbled, \"I can take him, no problem.\" \"Yea? Like you did at prom?\" I challenged. I was expecting his hand to crack across my face this time, and I was right. \"You just don't know how to keep your damn mouth shut do you? How bout you put those pretty little pink lips to better use?\" he pressed his lips to mine, and I turned my face and screamed again. \"Get off me chuck I swear, my daddy's gonna kill you!\" I screeched. \"Oh ya? Gonna call the preacher on me?\" he laughed. He pulled me by the hand and threw me over his shoulder. I kicked and screamed and squirmed. I wriggled out of his grasp and started running as soon as I hit the ground. He caught me by the hand and shoved me down, kicking me. I screamed and cried, I felt like my ribs were breaking. I wish Ren was here. But I wasn't supposed to meet him till 3, he wouldn't be here for another hour. Ren POV I heard Ariel's ringtone go off in my pocket. \"Hey babe.\" No answer, just rustling. \"Ariel?\" I called louder. \"chuck get off me!\" I heard Ariel scream. It took less than a second for it to register that she needed me. He's a dead man. Please review! THANKS :D[Chapter 13] Ariel POV \"Chuck! Stop! Please stop!\" I sobbed as he dragged me to his truck and locked the doors. I didn't have the energy to fight back. My ribs felt destroyed and my head was bleeding fiercely, I could hardly cry out anymore. He fumbled with my shirt buttons before getting frustrated and just ripping it off. He drunkenly felt his hands over my body as I sobbed uncontrollably. \"Will you shut the hell up and stop your whining!\" he yelled his brows furrowing. I continued to cry, even though every time a sob escaped I would get hit. A movement in the window caught my eye. A familiar yellow buggy had just parked. Ren got out of the car looking more furious than I've ever seen him and stomped his way over to the truck. He caught sight of me and was horrified. He banged wildly on the window yanking at the truck doors swearing and screaming, but chuck just continued to feel me and remove my bra. Suddenly Ren was gone, but only for a second. He had ripped the metal bar off the railing and I knew what he was planning. I covered my face with my hands just before the bar crashed through the window. I heard the metal clang to the ground and suddenly chuck was no longer on top of me. It took all my energy to sit up to see what had happend. Ren had ripped him from the truck, and had him pinned on the ground punching him non stop. His face was already insanely bloody and he seemed to be loosing consciousness. Fear shot through me, I didn't think Ren could stop at this point. He was going to kill him. \"Ren!\" I screeched, \"Ren! Stop it! Youre killing him! Youre killing him!\" Ren looked up and met my eyes. He stood shakily and looked down at the bloody limp body that was chuck. I could still see his chest rising and falling, and I breathed a sigh of relief. Ren wiped his bloody hands on his pants, only to smudge it. He rushed over to me. \"We need to get you to a hospital. Now.\" he said frantic, helping me pull on my shirt. He grabbed his phone out of his pocket and dialed 911, asking for an ambulance. My eyelids felt so heavy. Everything blurred around me, spinning and spinning. I felt so light headed, everything sounded like it was underwater. \"Ariel! Stay with me!\" Ren shouted but it was as if I could barely hear him. And then it was black. Ren POV I sat in the hospital waiting room, head in hands. Everyone knew I had been crying, but I didn't care one damn bit. My girlfriend was in serious condition. Bad head trama, broken ribs. I couldnt help but feel it was my fault. If I had gone with her this morning this wouldn't have happend. Its all because of me. I should've just killed the bastard. But the voice of reason in my head argued that would land me in jail, and that wouldn't help Ariel at all. Mr. Moore walked back into the room from talking to the doctors. He too had a tear streaked face. He placed a hand on my shoulder and looked at me with a very serious expression. \"Thank you.\" he told me, not an ounce of false gratitude in his voice. \"Thank you for being there when she needed you. I dont know what shed of ended up like if you hadn't gotten there in time.\" \"I will always do my best to protect her. I just wish there'd been some kind of warning this was going to happen ya know? I wished I couldve been there from the start, and avoided this whole mess.\" I sighed \"you did everything you couldve and I can't thank you enough. But, there is one thing you couldve done better.\" he said \"Oh yea? What's that?\" i asked \"You should've just killed the asshole.\" he grunted. I was stunned at the preacher swearing, but I couldn't help but agree with him. \"I was about to. I've never been so damn angry; I didn't think I could hold back. But Ariel was screaming at me to stop, and when I looked at her I knew she was right. I can't go to jail. And besides she needed to get to the hospital.\" I summed up the situation. \"So what's the verdict from the doctors?\" I ask \"She'll be fine. She can come home in a little less than a week. Be back to school in about 2 weeks.\" he smiled a small smile of relief. I stood up, shook his hand, and made my way over to her room. She was still asleep, and I was glad. She needed to rest. I grabbed her fragile hand in mine and sat down right by her bed side. Tears began to stream down my cheeks as I looked her bruised, cut up face. I spotted the necklace, still hanging from her neck. I smiled a sad smile and wiped the tears from my face. Her eyes squinted open. \"You gotta buck up there cowboy. One of us has to be strong.\" she whispered She sounded just like my mother. I leaned over and kissed her forehead. I gave her my best fake smile and said, \"Don't even think about worrying over me, worry about yourself and getting better.\" She nodded and closed her eyes, and I hoped she had fallen asleep.[Chapter 14] Ariel POV I heard a knock on the door and looked up to see Ren, arms full of flowers. I smiled, so that's where he went this morning. He had slept here every night since I had been admitted to the hospital. \"Hey gorgeous.\" he walked over and placed a kiss on my forehead. \"Ready to go home tomorrow?\" he asked chuckling. \"Can't wait to get out of here.\" I sighed. \"I heard the food is terrible.\" he smirked. \"Hmm well I wouldn't know because my amazing boyfriend has either cooked for me or gotten me take out.\" I laughed \"What a fantastic guy he must be.\" he joked \"He sure is.\" I smiled genuinely. He leaned over to kiss me, he was about to pull away but I held his face and pulled him down harder forcing him to lay practically on top of me. I heard someone clear there throat and he got up looking flustered. A blonde girl about my age stood in the door way. She was pretty, but in that snotty bitch kind of way. \"Well I wasn't expecting to find you like this Ren.\" she laughed and walked in. I looked over to him, his face was pale white and he looked horrified. \"Kaitlyn,\" he grunted, \"What are you doing here?\" \"Just visiting. My grandmas down the hall, fell in her house and broke her hip. I'm in town for a few weeks, someone mentioned you're staying in Bomont and I'd thought I'd look you up.\" she said giving Ren a hug he did not return. \"Well you don't look very happy to see me at all.\" she pouted looking like an idiot. \"That would be because I'm not. I think you should go.\" he looked away. \"Oh I see. I interrupted your moment. We'll catch up later!\" she said obviously not taking the hint. He sat down with an unreadable expression. I waited a few moments before I asked. \"Who was that?\" \"An old girlfriend. Haven't seen her in two years.\" he murmered. \"Oh...so what happened between you guys?\" I questioned keeping my voice low. \"Um I'd rather not talk about it, it was along time ago, everything's said and done. And now I'm lucky enough to have you.\" he said, but I could tell his heart wasn't in it. He leaned over to kiss me again, but I just wasnt in the mood anymore. I told him he should probably go, that I was getting kind of tired and he was going to be late for work at the cotton mill. He frowned but left reluctantly. That was about 3 hours ago. I can't stop thinking about Ren's face when he saw her. Ren POV What the hell just happened? It's not like I hugged her back, or was happy to see her. I was just shocked. Ariel seemed so upset over it. I mean she said I would be late for work, but it's Wednesday, I don't work Wednesday's and she knows it. I just can't wait till Kaitlyn leaves. That did not end well, and I know she's here looking for a second chance, one that I will never give her.[Chapter 15] YOU MUST READ IF YOU WANT STORY TO CONTINUE Sorry the chapter is so short, but I had a lot of homework D: Butttt I updated this morning so I hope I can be forgiven. By the way!- I NEED IDEAS! For the future- should Ariel get pregnant? Should Ren propose? Should someone die/go missing? Should someone be cheated on? Should Ariel and Kaitlyn get in a big fight? PLEASE GIVE ME SUGGESTIONS-ALL IDEAS WILL BE ACCEPTED I NEED A TWIST IN THE STORY OR IT COULD END SOON D: Please please please please review with ideas! I NEED YOU GUYS![Chapter 16] Ariel POV I heard a knock on the door downstairs. My mother answered it and I could hear Ren's voice. \"Mrs. Moore, good to see you. Is Ariel here?\" he asked sounding upset. He had a right to. I felt bad. \"Yes she's right upstairs.\" my mother answered. I heard his footsteps on the stairs and I braced myself. He walked in and looked at me. I kept my eyes on my hands and he sat on my bed next to me. \"Ariel,\" he said a little angrily, \"I thought you were going to call me when you left the hospital. I drove all the way there and found some old man in your room.\" \"Ren I'm so sorry. I was being so stupid. I was angry over Kaitlyn when I had no right to be. It's not like you hugged her back, and even if you did it shouldn't have upset me.\" I apologized \"its ok,\" he smiled wrapping an arm across my shoulders, \"It can be forgiven. Especially since I have to tell you something that is most likely going to upset you...\" he mumbled. I looked at him confused. \"And what would that be?\" I questioned. \"Kaitlyn wants to have coffee with me this morning.\" he said quietly, \"and I told her I wanted nothing to do with her, but she wasn't listening so I figured if we sat down and I played along enough until I could tell her in a way she would understand she would get it.\" I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, leaning my head on his shoulder. \"I'm fine with it.\" I said not opening my eyes, but I could still tell he was shocked at my response. He kissed my forehead. \"You are the greatest.\" he smiled, bringing my face off his shoulder and meeting my lips with his. \"You have nothing to worry about. I love you, and only you.\" I grinned and kissed him one last time. I trust Ren and I know he would never hurt me. Kaitlyn, I'm not so sure about. He stood off my bed and I gave him a long hug before he began walking down the stairs. I looked out the window and watched his car take off. I grabbed my phone and dialed Rusty's number. \"Hey babe what's up?\" she answered. \"Bored. Let's go do something.\" I yawned. She chuckled, \"what about the doctor's orders of bed rest?\" \"Rusty you damn well better know me better than to take orders.\" I laughed. \"I sure do know you, and I know you should be resting but, being the awesome best friend I am I'm gonna take you shopping.\" I heard the line click and I figured she'd be here in ten minutes. I threw on some light make up and changed into some tight skinny jeans, a green tank top and a black half jacket. I ran down the stairs when I heard her car pull up, dashing out the door. \"Ariel Moore get in this house this instant!\" my dad shouted furiously. \"Love you too!\" I chuckled slamming my car door, \"Drive drive drive!\" I shrieked as my dad began to run towards the car. Rusty slammed down the pedal and we sped out laughing hysterically. We drove to the shopping mall just out of town and began our search for the perfect mini dress. This was just what I needed. Ren POV \"Kaitlyn what don't you understand? I have a girlfriend, I'm happy here. I don't want anything to do with you.\" I almost shouted, clenching my fists. \"Oh would you stop lying to yourself Ren McCormack?\" she teased trying to caress my face, but I swatted her hand away. She scooted her chair closer to me. \"You know you still have feelings for me, I saw it in your eyes when you saw me in the hospital.\" she whispered in my ear. \"You must have mistaken it for disgust.\" I mumbled. Suddenly she turned my face and slammed her lips into mine. Her lips were sticky with lip gloss and I couldn't help but think about Ariel's soft, naturally pink lips. I whipped my head back and stood up so fast my chair fell over. I ran out of the small coffee shop and slammed my car door. The volume dial on my radio was now on full blast as I sped away, aggravated and confused. I needed Ariel. Ariel POV I heard my text tone in my pocket and pulled it out expecting a message from Ren but it was from Jane. I clicked open. My heart stopped. It was a picture of Ren and Kaitlyn. Kissing. Ariel I'm so sorry, just thought you should know . -Jane Tears brimmed my eyes as I showed it to rusty. She began swearing and screaming but I wasn't listening to her. I forwarded the picture to Ren. Don't bother trying to explain. Just stay away from me. I don't want to be lied to, and I do not want your sorry's. I slammed my phone into my bag and told rusty I wanted to go home. I cried the entire way back and when rusty pulled up to my house a familiar yellow buggy was parked in my drive way. I got out of the car and began walking toward the house, Ren right at my side. He was yelling and pleading for me to listen, but I ignored his pleas running right into the house, slamming the door in his face. Can I just say you guys are the most amazing reviewer's everrr! Thank you sooooo much for all your fantastic suggestions :D I promise I will use them all, but over time, I can't put them all into one chapter. You guys have given me a lot of inspiration and I can promise there will be many more chapters to follow :D so please review, it made my week with how many I got on last chapter with your ideas! And thank you to kroberts2010 and their friend who recommended my story! I almost cried I was so happy! Soo review please and the next chapter will be up after 2 reviews:D[Chapter 17] Ariel POV Face down in my pillow, I allowed my sobs to come, not even trying to be strong or think of the positives. Ren cheated on me. Did he ever really love me? I wanted with all my heart to rip his mothers necklace from my neck, but I just couldn't force myself to do it. I sprang off the bed, shocked, as I heard a knocking at my window. I turned on the lights to see Ren's face staring at me through my window. My second story window. I ran over and opened it, I may be upset but I could never want him to get hurt. I helped pull him through my window and he collapsed on the floor. \"Ren how the hell did you get up here?\" I said wiping my eyes an crossing my arms. \"I climbed the tree next to your window and jumped for it.\" he gasped, breathless. \"Are you insane?\" I almost shouted, \"You could have gotten yourself killed!\" \"Your worth it!\" he cried standing up and taking my hand in his. I ripped it back and shoved him towards the door, unfortunately barely moving him. \"Ariel! Listen to me!\" he pleaded. \"You have five minutes. Talk.\" I spoke emotionless. ******************************* Ren POV She threw herself into my arms and burrows her head in my chest. I wrapped my arms around her and was grateful I had been forgiven. I felt like such an asshole for making her cry. She deserved better, I just shouldn't have gone to coffee with Kaitlyn. I could've avoided everything. Ariel picked her head up and our lips met. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I slid my hand into her back pocket. Her fingers played with my hair, and I know she knows it drives me crazy. I fell back onto the bed taking her with me. I made my way down her neck, toying with the buttons on her shirt. I looked up for permission and with a small nod of approval I undid them and slid her shirt off, as she took mine off with it. We made love for the second time. Ariel POV I love waking up in his arms. It's the best feeling I've ever experienced. I turned to look at his peaceful face, he looked so adorable when he slept. I debated on whether to kiss him awake or continue to watch him sleep. I never made a decision because at that moment there was a knock on the door. My parents. Shit. \"Ariel honey, are you in there? We need to talk.\" I heard my mother call. Ren's eyes shot open. Sat up and looked around and quickly improvised. He rolled onto the floor and under the bed, winking at me as he did. \"Oh ya just a second mom!\" I said faking a yawn. I threw on a bathrobe and went to the door. She stood there with a plate of pancakes. I love my mom. \"Can I come in?\" she asked smiling \"Of course.\" I answered stepping out of the doorway. She placed the pancakes on my desk and took a seat on my bed, patting the place next to her. \"Come sit with me a minute.\" She said. I sunk into the bed, knowing what kind of talk we'd have before it came out of her mouth. \"So Rusty called this morning asking if you were ok,\" she pursed her lips, \"because apparently Ren had been cheating.\" \"No I was wrong. This girl threw herself at him, and Jane just happened to see it at the wrong time.\" I explained. \"How do you know for sure?\" she questioned looking skeptical. \"Ren explained everything. We're fine.\" I spoke confidently. \"Ren was here last night?\" she looked at me with knowing eyes. I mentally kicked myself. \"No, we talked on the phone.\" I lied. \"Huh. That's funny, cause rusty also mentioned you left you phone in her car.\" She raised an eyebrow at me. There was no getting out of this now. \"Okay, so he came in through the window but only to explain. He left right after.\" I said, a little too quickly. \"Arirl Moore I know you, and you were not going to send him out that window again, especially after just making up, and nobody came down those stairs last night besides me and your father.\" She spoke clasping her hands together. She knew, it was all over know. I looked at her awkwardly, not knowing what to say. \"Are you using protection?\" she asked through clenched teeth. \"Mom! Come on! Were not having this talk are we?\" I yelled standing up. \"Answer the damn question Ariel.\" she said in a perfectly calm tone. \"Of course!\" I mumbled. I've never felt so uncomfortable. \"Alright. I will buy some birth control pills, and we will never mention this to your father.\" she said getting up. \"Wait, mom why are you so ok with it?\" I wondered in disbelief. \"Oh heavens Ariel of course im not ok with it! But I probably couldn't stop it, so I'd rather make sure your doing it safely.\" she gave a nervous laugh, \"I was your age once too.\" \"Thanks mom.\" I smiled giving her a hug. She opened the door, but paused. \"One more thing, you can send Ren out on about 15 minutes, that's when your fathers leaving.\" and then she was gone. Of course. She probably even knew he was under the bed too. I could never hide much from my mother.[Chapter 18] Hey guys! been so long! i'm so sorry! i got my computer taken away for sneaking out with my boyfriend ;) buttttt i got it back! sooo here is something i just just wrote im sorry i will have a better chapter up soon! Ren POV I know they say not to eavesdrop but when your girlfriend and your ex girlfriend are getting in a fight, this is something you'd wanna hear. \"Why can't you just move on and leave us alone? Ren's happy and if you care about him at all you'll stay out of his way.\" Ariel said and I could almost hear Kaitlyn's eyes roll. \"Well it's not like you ever deserved him or ever will,\" she snapped, \"He was happy with me too.\" \"Well obviously it wasn't meant to be because it didn't work out. But we do. Me and Ren are in love and you are going to have to accept that.\" Ariel replied. \"But you'll never fully satisfy him. He'll get bored with you. Trust me I know how this story ends. It may be a romance right now but it will end a tragedy.\" Kaitlyn scoffed. I knew what was coming now. She had pushed Ariel too far. I shifted so I could get a better view. Kaitlyn was beginning to walk away, and just as I expected Ariel lost it. She ripped Kaitlyn back by the hair, and slapped her across her face. Kaitlyn looked shocked and I tried to hold back a chuckle. I look back in time to see Kaitlyn tackle Ariel to the ground. They were wrestling and scratching each other. I guess I had let this go on a little too long. I sprang up from where I was hiding and ran over and pulled the girls apart. They both looked shocked to see me. \"Ren what are you doing here?\" Ariel asked in disbelief. \"Well I heard you had told kaitlyn to meet her here and I wanted to make sure you didn't get hurt.\" I mumbled slightly embarrassed. \"I can take her I don't need any help from you.\" she said obviously pissed with my lack of faith in her strength. \"Trust me I know you could.\" I chuckled. \"Then why did you come?\" she questioned. \"Because I wanted to watch you kick her ass.\" I winked taking her by the hand leading her away from kaitlyn who stood there with her mouth open like an idiot. Ariel POV I tip toed through the door and eased the door shut, flinching when it creaked. A hand came from behind me and slammed it shut. Shit. I turned around and looked at my father. \"Ariel,\" he sighed, \"have a seat.\" I walked over to the couch and sat cautiously. I looked up at the clock. 1:00 am. Even later than I thought. \"Ariel why can't you just listen to the rules me and your mother lay down for you? You're 17! You shouldn't be coming home at 1am! And Ren should damn well know that!\" he said his face getting redder. \"Daddy don't you dare go blaming this on Ren!\" I almost yelled standing up. \"Then who's to blame Ariel?\" he shouted. \"I guess I am. Sorry you got stuck with the bad child.\" I mumbled. \"Ariel what the hell is that supposed to mean?\" my father had obviously been pushed too far but I was no where near done. \"It means that Bobby would have never acted like this! Perfect Bobby! Well I'm so sorry god took the wrong child! We both know you would've rather have it be me!\" I screamed tears running down my face. I stomped out the door. He didn't even try to stop me. I grabbed my phone with shaky hands. I dialed Ren's number but it went straight to voicemail. I didn't know where to go. Ren POV I heard Ariel's ringtone go off but I hit the off button as quickly as I could. Every part of my body was tight. I could hardly breathe. I curled my hands into fists. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" I spoke through clenched teeth. He looked at me with an unreadable expression. \"I'm so sorry.\" he said reaching the put a hand on my shoulder but I shrugged it off. How dare he show his face here. Did he really think things could go back to normal? Well they couldnt. Things could never be the same, and we both knew it since the day he walked out that door on me and my mom. I hated my dad with everything in me.[Chapter 19] Sorry it took me so long! Things have been super crazy busy between school, dance, piano, guitar, basketball, etc. New chapter finally! Thank you for the reviews you guys are the best! :D Ariel POV I shivered from the cold as i walked down the dark road. Damn. Whenever I storm out on my father I never think to bring a jacket. Right on cue it started to rain. In about 5 seconds I was soaked to the bone. Hot tears streamed down my cheeks. I didn't even know where I was. I couldn't see any road signs. I pulled out my phone and tried Ren's number for the tenth time. It went straight to voicemail as I expected. I hoped he wasn't mad at me or something. I was so tired; I didn't know what time it was. I tried calling rusty and Willard but neither of them answered. I pulled out my phone and went to my contact list. CHUCK seemed to stand out on the list. I almost hit call. But instead I turned my phone off. I didn't need him, I have Ren. Who isn't answering his phone. When I really need him. That's it. I'm sick of walking around aimlessly. I turned and headed out in the direction of Rens house. Ren POV I sat uncomfortably on the couch, my 'father' sitting across from me in a chair. \"Son listen\" he said reaching out a hand. I smacked it away. \"Don't call me that! You're not my dad. Your just some asshole that treated my mother like shit then ran out as soon as it became inconvenient for you.\" i snapped. He put his face in his hands and was about to say something when a light knock on the door interrupted. I walked over and opened the door. Ariel stood there. \"Ariel this isn't really a good time-\" i looked her over. She was sopping wet and shivering. Her eyes were red and i could tell she had been crying. A lot. \"What happened?\" i asked taking her hand and leading her in forgetting all about the man on the couch. I wrapped my arms around her. \"Me and my dad-\" she started but drifted off and pulled away. \"Whose that?\" she wondered motioning to the couch. \"...He's my..father.\" i mumbled. Her face was unreadable. It was mixed with sadness and rage. I had a bad feeling about this. Ariel marched over to him. He put out his hand to shake hers but she ignored it and instead slapped him across the face. Hard. \"Listen here you sick son of a bitch-\" she screamed raise her fist back about to hit him. I ran over and pulled her arms down. She wriggled in my grasp. \"Dammit Ren let me go! I'll give him what he fucking deserves!\" she yelled at me but then turned her attention to him again, \"Do you know what you put him through? He was only fifteen! He had to take care of her alone! Because of you! He had to watch his mother die knowing there was nothing he could do. And he had to do it all alone!\" she screamed, finally managing to escape my restraint. She charged over and grabbed him by the collar. \"LEAVE. You don't deserve to be within 3,000 miles near him!\" she spoke sternly. I picked her up by the waist and sat her down on the couch. I gave her a look that said STAY. I guess she understood because she didn't move. I turned to my 'father' \"You should go. Now.\" I said emotionless. \"Alright, I know this was unexpected. But I'm not gonna give up. I've realized my mistakes and I want to be a part of your life.\" and with that he stood and left. I sat down on the couch and put my face in my hands. Ariel put a hand on my knee. \"Ren-\" I turned and smashed my lips to hers before she could say anything. I never wanted to stop kissing her. I wanted her to make me forget. Forget about everything. She rolled onto my lap to straddle me then pulled away. \"What was that for?\" she asked chuckling. \"I fucking love you.\" I said, \"I can't believe you just smacked my dad. Youre amazing.\" i grinned. She just shrugged. \"Anyone that causes you pain is on my hit list.\" she stated \"Hit list?\" i questioned raising an eye brow. \"You know, the ten people you wanna kill before you die.\" she smirked deviloushly. I chuckled and planted a kiss on her lips. The phone rang and i reached over her to grab it. \"Hello?\" i said into the phone. \"Ren McCormack i want my daughter home and i want her home NOW.\" Oh shit. He did not sound too happy. Ariel never finished telling me what happened between her and her dad. I just hoped it didn't involve me. Next chapter will have some Rust and Willard, more of Ren's dad, and maybe a surprise ;) REVIEW! :D[Chapter 20] Hey guys! I'm awfully sorry to say but I wont be continuing this story I've started a new one and it will be taking up all my writing time :/ butttt if you like my writing style PLEASE go check out the story I just published. It's based off the book \"Hush Hush\" by Becca Fitzpatrick. Its an amazing book and I really hope you read my story. Its called \"Mind Games\" you can search it or just go to my account and click it on my story listings. PLEASE HELP ME OUT! I really want this story to be good and you guys are the most amazing reviewers EVER. I love you guysss! So sorry for not continuing BUTTT if you review/follow my new story I will post a final chapter for this story and explain what will happen in the future for Ren and Ariel. THANK YOU GUYS FOR BEING GREAT 3 ","Summary":" Hey everyone! i'm new to fanfiction this is my first story. I absoloutely love the new movie so its"},{"Movie":"Boy, 2016","Title":"The Boy's Keeper","Author":"cristaadams","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12073349","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I run quickly into the café, trying to avoid the drizzling rain. London could still be beautiful even when it's raining. I wish I ran away here when I had an earlier chance. I smile at the thought that I'm finally away from my dysfunctional step-father and step-sisters. This is my new life. And I know that I'm gonna love it here. Although, I do need to find a job to survive. It's only been a month and I already feel like home. Yes, the motel kinda feels like home. At least it's something I would've imagined a comfy home would be? A nice bed, not a mattress on a single bed frame; clean, white sheets that smell sweet; a nice warm temperature. I'd do anything just to keep this kind of atmosphere—and that is to find a proper paying job. It's a good thing I've finally ended my junior year in college, saved up enough to buy a plane ticket and to feed myself for two months. Looking for a job won't be that difficult, would it? It's been a whole day, and I haven't found anything. It's either they weren't hiring, or they obviously didn't like me. I am so close to giving up. I clamber out of the cab and take my phone out of my pocket. I glance at my phone and see that I just received a message from my step-sister. The message is full of fake apologies and fake 'I miss you's. I can't help but roll my eyes at the thought. Before I glance down and start typing a message, I eye an ad posted on the glass window of the motel. It says that they're looking for a nanny. I think I just hit the jackpot. I quickly come back inside and ask the lady at the front, \"Is that ad still available?\" The woman with ginger hair glances at the ad and chuckles, \"Oh, dear, my apologies. That ad's been posted there for over a year now.\" She stops, \"I'm sure the Heelshire family's found one already.\" A year. Well, damn. They must have. \"Oh, that's a shame.\" I mumble, She squints, \"Looking for a job?\" I nod and chuckle, \"Actually, yes. Badly needed one.\" \"I see,\" she starts, \"Did you try downtown already?\" I appreciate her concern and kindness, but I really wouldn't be applying to be a nanny to a creepy looking old house if I got rejected multiple times, looking for a job downtown. \"It's been a long day,\" I pause and shrug, \"But I guess I could still try visiting the place.\" \"Oh,\" she clears her throat, \"are you sure about that?\" \"Why?\" I pause, why is she acting weird? She's been giving me dirty looks when I mentioned the ad. It's as if she doesn't want me to even be talking about it. She shrugs, \"Some believe that the place is haunted.\" \"Do you?\" I wait for her, \"People came by when the news arose…but nobody really believed it, well, because they never really saw anything. Some kids said they saw apparitions, but you know children.\" Of course. These are tall tales. \"Well,\" she starts again, \"I apologize, but I do have some more clients to attend to. If you do wish to visit, I'm pretty sure it's a harmless place.\" \"Wait. Do you think the place is haunted?\" \"I might have heard enough stories.\" She says then starts making herself busy on her desk again. I thank the woman and ask for the paper before completely leaving the old motel. The house isn't really far off from here, so I guess it would be a short way if ever something 'haunted' happens. I laugh at myself for even believing half of what she's mentioned. Clearly, I don't believe in ghosts. Her story didn't really shake me, and I really need the job. Something tells me she's just trying to sell a story. And something tells me, this town doesn't really like me here. As much as my step family never did.[Chapter 2] \"Heelshire.\" I say under my breath, looking at the house through the gate. The place looks old and—unkept. As if nobody's been living here for a while. Should I even go in? Before I could answer myself, a drop of rain hits my eyelids, making me squint and look up. Great, now it's starting to rain again. I look around the street and realize that there are no other houses nearby. The way down is foggy and empty. My best choice is the house. I walk closer trying to find a doorbell, hoping that if ever there is one, it would work. No doorbell. It's getting dark. I'm almost soaking. \"F*ck it,\" I struggle to open the gate and push it open. I hurry my way to the house. Seconds of running to the door felt like an eternity, I could feel every drop of rain on me. I'm soaked and alone in this house. I let myself inside and glance up, eyeing another hall beside a huge staircase. I'm not surprised that the Heelshires are wealthy, but the fact that they'd leave this place without any caretaker is just a bad idea. But in my case, I'm not complaining. They're lucky a burglar didn't get in, and I'm lucky the place seems like a good place to crash. A large thunderclap starts as the door shuts behind me. \"Hello?\" I manage to speak up, \"Is anyone home?\" Now I'm just not sure if I should be relieved that there isn't anyone around or I should be worried. \"That's a pretty large staircase.\" I randomly say before glancing to the hallway near it and walking through it. No one's been here for how long? What could have happened? The place is starting to freak me out now, and the thunderclap isn't helping. Why do I have a feeling like someone's watching me? As if I'm not the only one in this house? \"Hello?\" I try to say out loud, walking through the kitchen. \"I'm kinda stranded, I'm from the city and I went all the way here looking for a job.\" I touch my pocket, making sure the poster is still in my pocket in case someone in the house doesn't believe me. I reach the living room again after walking around, hoping for any of the owners come out. I'm still not sure if I feel comfortable with the idea of staying alone in a huge house of a complete stranger. Lord knows how long the place has been abandoned? Maybe they're just in a vacation? I look up. Should I go upstairs? I could. My feet slowly ascend the stairs, unable to take my gaze away from the huge painting upstairs. It's a portrait of the family. I look at the windows, they're shut but I could clearly see that it's getting dark. I hope there's electricity in this place. I finally stand In front of the painting and even manage to find the switch to the lights upstairs. It worked, luckily. I tear my gaze from the large portrait of the Heelshire family. It's as if they're all looking at me, jeez. \"Is anyone home?\" I try again. I really have to stay in if the storm isn't going away tonight. I walk around and pass through a room. The bed's unmade and there are a few clothes on it. Someone's gotta be in here. But where is everyone? \"Hello?\" I try to make my voice louder, a little scared that someone might pop up behind me and kill me for trespassing. No, why would they kill me? Stop scaring yourself, Julie. One more try. \"I'm Julie, and I came by for the ad you posted a year ago?\" Now I just sound stupid. I observe the room once more before leaving and realize that no one's been in the room for a long time as well. And that kinda creeps me out. I try to think of something else, instead of formulating a theory why. All I need is to crash here for the night and leave once the storm goes away. That easy. They can't arrest me or anything, right? I plop myself on the bed and remove my cardigan along with my bag. I sigh and lay on the bed, \"I guess I'm staying here tonight.\" A loud thump makes me jolt up. My heart starts beating fast.[Chapter 3] Before I could even close my eyes, a loud thump wakes me up. I jolt up from the bed and start to feel shivers down my whole damn body. Maybe someone just got home? If someone did, boy, I hope they wouldn't mind that I just trespassed all the way inside and made myself too comfy. Now I'm not so sure if I'm scared of the absence of company earlier or the presence of the owner of the house that has the power to kick me out of the house and out in the rain. Just go out there and meet the owner. I slowly approach the door pane, making sure I spot whoever it is first so I can prepare what I have to say. I take a deep breath and reach for the door, slowly pull it open as it makes a faint creaking sound. My hands are shaking. I slowly peek my head until a large rat comes running towards my direction and into the room, making me jump and scream. My heart is pumping faster than before and I feel myself sweat. Great. Great. Great. Okay. Calm yourself. It's just a huge rat. The thunder roars again startling me a bit. I quickly make my way to the staircase and realize that the whole place is still empty. I slowly descend the stairs and try to see if there's something different. Nothing changed. \"Is anyone here?\" No answer. So it was just the rat. Right now, I'm kinda disappointed that nobody's still home. I guess this place really is abandoned. I glance at the window at the living room and notice the branches of the trees swaying violently. Storm's pretty bad tonight. And I don't know where to sleep. The place is huge and I feel like there are eyes on me. I head back up and shake my head, \"I need to leave tomorrow,\" I mumble to myself. Right before I ascend again, I hear another thump making me swiftly turn around. The sound came from the kitchen, I think. Should I go there? Are there more rats in this place? My weird, psychopathic instincts are telling me to go see it, but my mind's telling me not to. I've had enough spooking tonight, I think I'm gonna go sleep back in the room. I try to take one more step and there goes another thud, but this time, it came from upstairs. It sounded so close. I guess it's downstairs, then. \"What a mansion,\" I whisper to myself, looking straight at a pool table. I've never had a house with an extra room for a pool table. I don't play pool, but I would've definitely learned how if Dean didn't sell the house for extra cash to spend for his two evil daughters. I shake at the thought of my step family. I'm done with them. I should learn to forget about them. They never treated me like family anyway. I walk around the table and spot tiny pieces of broken—glass? This place is a mystery. I know I was spooked out earlier, but now, I think I'm more curious than ever. This. This is the adventure I've been looking for. Could investigating an old mansion be my destiny? The balls are scattered on the table which means someone definitely played and was kicked out during the game. Where the Heelshire's robbed? If they were, why did the lady didn't tell me? This is a very interesting house. Rats making noise, evidences left everywhere, abandoned house—it's a fresh new adventure. Time to learn more, then. I walk out of the room through an arch and notice paper sitting on an end table near the window. There's a clue. \"What do we have here?\" I slowly approach the table and look over the paper: RULES: 1. No boyfriends 2. Dress him each morning 3. Kiss him goodnight 4. Never leave him alone 5. Never go in the attic 6. Help with studies I'm guessing this was supposed to be for the nanny? They never hired one? Maybe they got robbed before they even could? I have a long way to go. No boyfriends. Probably no guests allowed too, huh. \"The attic?\" What's with the attic? My psycho senses are tingling. I should go see the attic. I slowly look up and around, searching for a door on a wall that can lead to an attic. Should I really look for it tonight, though? Another thump startles me, I snap to my right and notice a shadow quickly pass. Oh my god, I'm not alone? Another thud. Someone's here. With a bit of hesitation, I quickly run to where the shadow came from. I need to see who the hell it is. I just have to. I've been shouting and hoping that someone would be home, but I got no answer. Making me believe I was alone. But I was right when I felt eyes on me. There's someone in the house. And whoever it is, they're playing with me. \"Hey!\" I shout after running back to the living room. It's empty. I head to the kitchen where they might be. I'm disappointed once again and see no one. They're quick. Yes, they. I know it's someone. I know someone's in here. I saw a shadow. I'm panting now, I try to calm myself down, catching my breath. I lean against the arch and try to wipe the bead of sweat on my forehead, then I realize that I still have the paper in hand. I almost crumpled it even more. As I glance to my right, I am startled by a doll sitting near the front door. Hello, everyone! I hope you're enjoying the fanfic so far. This is it, Julie's finally gonna learn about the boy. The porcelain-faced boy that's been broken to bits and pieces once, but is now back for Julie! Hehehehe. As you may have noticed, Julie is just like a typical girl. She has no mental issues, she's just weird that way. I didn't want to make her up as a complex character with too much issues. I made her simple because like us, who adore 'The Boy' fanfics, we are all normal with a little hint of weirdness and sadness deep inside. So that's how I came up with her personality! Hehe I would like to thank everyone reading this. I want you all to know that I'm happy I get to share my weirdness to people who are just as weird as me. I also want to hear from you guys! Just so I know if I'm doing okay with the fanfic, or if you have suggestions. Reviews would really help me update with a better quality fanfic. So long for now![Chapter 4] \"That can't be you, right?\" I find myself talking to a boy doll. Usually, dolls would creep me out right now…but the odd thing is…it's a boy doll. I'm utterly confused right now and I just hope someone would explain something to me, Jeez. I stare at the doll as I slowly approach it, my hands ready for any kind of freaky sh*t that might happen. Just in case this thing's alive. My heart starts racing, I feel it thumping faster and harder inside my chest. I need to calm down, or else I'll faint before I even touch the freaking doll. As I get closer, I notice the face of the doll. Okay, now I'm a little freaked out. I try to reach out to the doll and poke it once, checking to see if it moves. It seems heavy. It almost resembles a life size boy. I gasp and quickly turn around to see the portrait upstairs from afar, \"No.\" Please don't tell me it's supposed to resemble the kid from the painting. I glance back at the doll. It hasn't moved, so that's a good thing. It doesn't seem…alive. I approach the doll once again, \"Please don't move, please don't move.\" I slowly take the doll by the shoulders and carry it. Its porcelain face has uneven creases, as if it were broken once then glued back together. \"What happened to you?\" Its eyes are translucent and almost see real. \"Please don't pull a Chucky on me.\" A loud thunderclap startles me, making me almost drop the doll, but I quickly catch it close in my arms. Pretty sure someone's gonna be mad if you break again. I notice a piece of paper tucked inside the doll's shirt. I take it out and head over to the living room. I gently place the doll on the couch to sit as I see whatever is on the paper: \"Take care of Brahms, follow rules\" I'm still confused. I furrow my eyebrows trying to let whatever's happening to sink in. I glance at the doll, and it hasn't moved an inch. If this doll isn't alive…why am I being told to take care of it? And most importantly, who put it there? I don't see any reason why I should do whatever this paper is telling me. Fuck it, I'm running away. I place the paper on the table and slowly walk to the window. I take a quick peek if the storm's still bad. And as if God hates me, it still is. I can't even see anything outside anymore. A lightning strikes across the sky, reflecting on the window glass. I turn around to check up on the doll and it's still on the couch. Okay, get your sh*t together, Julie. You stayed and got excited about the \"mystery\" this house threw at you. Are you really gonna run away now? Well I know that's the best option. But am I really gonna risk running up to a serial killer on the road or stay in the freaky house…taking care of a doll? I mean…whoever put this thing here…if they wanted to kill me, they would've killed me already? You wanted an adventure, Julie. You got it. No, wait, I asked for a job as a nanny. I had no idea this doll is what I'm supposed to babysit? Okay okay okay okay I need to do something now. What do I do? I feel a little upset in my stomach. God, why am I feeling this now? I feel something boiling inside my stomach. I hear the rain starting to get bad again. I realize my hands are freezing cold. I just want to stay warm inside a room and get cozy in a warm bed. How did I ever get here? No, stop thinking about that now. You have to do something about this doll first. I walk to the doll again and try to stop staring at it in the eye. \"What now?\" I pause, hoping it just starts talking and telling me what it wants instead of freaking me out slowly. Is this why I felt like there was someone watching me? Turns out it was a doll. \"Oh. The rules.\" I suddenly remember and run to the papers scattered on the floor a few steps back. I take it and head over to the doll. I look at the rules and find a clue on what I'm supposed to do now. It is 8 pm already and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with a boy doll at 8 pm. I browse the short list of rules and guess that I'm probably supposed to put the doll to bed. That's the only choice I have right now anyway. I take the doll in my arms and head upstairs, assuming that the boy's room is somewhere. I walk past my room and stop at a door. I push it open and step inside to see closely if it resembles a kid's room. The second I look around, I spot a few toys sitting on shelves. Bingo. Here goes. \"Off to bed you go…\" I mumble, slowly laying the doll on the bed. Is that it? I take a look at the list. Goodnight kiss . Was this list really supposed to be for this doll or was it meant to be for the actual little boy? If it was for this doll…did anyone actually follow the rules? I look around the room. Maybe I'll skip that one for tonight? And skip it forever since I'll run off tomorrow. Gently, I walk out of the room and head back to mine. I close the door, trying not to make a sound. Once it shuts, I find myself exhale deep. I slowly land on my ass on the chair near the door. Why is the place empty? Was the ad a trick to find someone to care for the doll? Where are the family? Maybe a nanny came by, hence the clothes left in this room? OH MY GOD WAS SHE KILLED ? WAS SHE KILLED BECAUSE SHE REFUSED TO COMPLY WITH THE DOLL? Okay. That's it. I'm leaving tomorrow morning right when the storm stops and the sun rises. I close my eyes and try to calm down. Suddenly, I hear a soft cry. It's from the other room.[Chapter 5] I watch my feet as I slowly peek through the open room of the boy doll. The crying stopped once I peeked and had my eyes on the doll, still laying on the bed. That doll is alive, I know it. And it'll kill me tonight if I mess up. But I put it to bed as mentioned in the rules? What could I have done wrong? I heave a deep breath before taking a step inside the room. Slowly, I made my way to the boy's bedside. I observe the way it's laying on the bed. Nothing seems to be wrong with it? I mean, it's a doll. Nothing could possibly go wrong. Ah. The covers? I tuck the boy inside the covers. That's probably better? I stay for a few more seconds before leaving the room and heading back to mine. The doll's alive. I'm not really that surprised anymore, with the fact that it appeared out of nowhere. I am startled once again by crying—this time it's louder than the one before. Okay, the crying is creeping me out now. \"Alright, alright\" I mumble to myself as I head back inside the room only to witness the doll in the same damn position and the crying stopped. What now? I already tucked it in. Is it scared of the lightning? Does it want me to stay in here? Oh no. I take out the list once again and see if I missed anything. There's literally nothing else to do. I give up trying to figure out anything. I'm tired and sleepy and this doll can just kill me already if it wants to. I don't give a damn anymore. \"Here,\" I say, placing the list on the bedside table, \"If you point out to me what's wrong, I'll do it.\" I challenge the possessed doll. I stay there for a minute and it doesn't even move. God, what is wrong with me? No, I really shouldn't ask myself that. I know this doll's alive. I can't do this now. I'm just done. My heels are resting on the table beside the chair I'm sitting on. I look at my wristwatch and realize I've been counting down the night. But it's only been two minutes since the last cry. Ever since I laid out the list and talked to the doll, the place became quiet. Until I hear a thud from the room. Don't tell me it walks now. Oh my God is it out to kill me now? Do I go there and face my fate or hide and escape? I turn to look at the window and head towards it. I try opening it and fail. Great, seems like it's all locked permanently. Of course. I turn to face the door. I guess my only choice is to go back there and get killed. I gently walk to the bedroom door, I hear my own footsteps along with my heartbeat. I don't have any purpose in life anymore, anyway. My real parents are dead. I don't have a job. I don't have an actual place to stay. Nobody in this world even bothered to ask how I am except my step sisters who constantly check up on me if I'm still alive so they can still have my shit when I die. I'm living a shitty life. And if this is the end of me…then so be it. I slowly reach for the doorknob, already imagining the life-sized doll standing behind it, holding a knife, ready to pounce on me and slaughter me like the others. I close my eyes and push the door open—but there's no one. The sound of the boy sobbing makes me look over to the door again. It's still in there. Great, it wants me to be killed in its own room. I head to the boy's room, feeling stupid for doing so. But I only see the doll in the same position. Quietly in bed. I walk inside and head to the boy. \"What the hell? What do you—\" The paper—the list of the rules—there's a red mark under the words good night kiss . It wants a good night kiss. I start to laugh. It's not out to kill me? It just wants a good-f*cking-night kiss. How relieved I am right now, no one has no idea. My shaking hands slowly reach for the paper as I take a closer look. I glance back at the doll. It's alive. It didn't kill me, but it left me a message. Maybe if I play along, I won't get killed. It's not like I have other plans in life anymore. Taking care of a doll is already a privilege. I reach down, my face too close on the odd-looking doll. I'm actually gonna do it. I close my eyes, trying to avoid to see that I'm kissing a doll, and just land a kiss on its porcelain forehead. It's cold and hard, as expected. I lean back and stare at it for a few seconds. You want me to play along, I'll play along.[Chapter 6] Slowly, the sound of rain pouring outside wakes me to consciousness. I squint at the quick flash of lightning. Rubbing my eyes, I finally manage to open them and look straight at a doll lying in bed. I wasn't really dreaming about taking care of it. It was an actual choice I made—awake. I look around me and realize I've slumped on the comfy chair a few steps away from the bed. I'm a little surprised that I fell asleep inside a room with a doll on a bed. I stand up from the seat and notice a blanket was over me. It has the same pattern with the one on the boy's bed. I don't remember taking this from the doll and putting it over me? But then again, I shouldn't be surprised if this doll took it and put it over me? I shake my head at the thought. I stretch a little before walking back to my room. I check my phone and notice that I still don't have enough reception. And I'm reminded that I don't have anyone to call. This makes me sigh and throw the phone on the bed and head back to the boy's room. It kind of relieves me to think that I am able to stay inside the room, with the boy under my radar, instead of staying somewhere else, not knowing if he's currently on the move to kill me or something. My stomach gurgles reminding me that I'm still human and am hungry. Does this place even have food? I walk downstairs and head over to the kitchen. I open the fridge and quickly shut it after getting a hint that I'll probably starve tonight. It's only 11 pm. I have too much time on my hands. My phone battery's drained after playing with it for a full hour now. Update: the doll hasn't moved. Does it really go to sleep? I stretch my legs, resting it on the arm of the chair and pull the blanket over me, then continue playing. I can't believe a 20 year old girl is sitting on her ass, playing tetris, and watching over a boy. Yeah, I am definitely living the dream. I am bored off my ass. My phone's dead and I have nothing else to do. I stand from the chair and approach the doll. I glance at the list again. I can't believe he actually told me what he wants. I can't believe I'm referring to the doll as a he now. I shake my head and notice the rule about the attic. Oh, my gosh. Imagine the amount of clues in the attic. What else could the reason be why no one can come to the attic, right? I slowly put the paper down on the table and make my way out of the door. I need to find the way to the attic. My bed feels cozy again. I smell roses. Her dress smell like roses. I'm so happy I know what she smells like. It's been a while since I haven't been with a beautiful woman. The last one f*cked up and left me. It upset me a lot. I had to wallow inside my own bubble of pain when Greta moved away from me. But I never knew a beautiful woman would come again. She is a gift. A gift from mommy and daddy. I'm just so happy I have Julie now. Julie. A beautiful name. Julie. Where could she be? I just woke up from my sleep. We were both just sleeping. She was just there in the chair watching. Where has she gone now? I remember, I heard a creak from upstairs. Oh no, Julie, you can't be there. The attic is off limits. That was in the rules! No! You're gonna make me worry. She's gonna make me worry. What if she finds out? She's going to leave me. They all leave. She's gonna leave me like they did. But she promised! She promised she'd play with me. I have to find Julie.[Chapter 7] I scowl at the sight of the open attic door, the ladder settled on the ground. Julie broke the rules. Julie didn't follow the rules mommy and daddy laid out for her, and she will leave me once she finds out. I will be alone again. I will be alone for a long time once again. And it's all because Julie went to the attic. \"No, no, no,\" my hands clench. She needs to know what she's done. I grip on the ladder as I pull it upwards and push it to close. I lock the attic door and stare as I hear Julie's muffled voice upstairs. She's banging on the door now. She's shouting and freaking out. Please stop, Julie. You should have known better. Julie keeps on banging on the attic door. She wants it open. She's so loud. The rain can't drown out the sound of her voice anymore. She keeps repeating, rapping on the door. Shouting. I'm covering my ears because of the noise. She needs to know what she's done. \"Julie, you have to stay there until you know what you've done, okay?\" I say, but her loud banging is louder than my voice. She needs to know what she's done. She's shouting now. \"You broke the rules! You broke the rules!\" I shout. Julie stops. She's quiet now. I notice the rain stopped. I could only hear my heart pounding. My head pounding. My voice in my head. I turn around to return to my room, but I hear a muffled voice, \"Okay!\" I hear the fear in her voice. She knows what she's done. Julie was punished and she's learned. The doll locked me up. I fucking messed up. I'm stuck in the attic because the doll locked me up. Oh my freakin' god, it's alive and it locked me up. I kept banging on the door, thinking I could force it open—but when I heard that angry voice shouting at me, saying that I should've known what I've done—I stopped and gaped in awe. The boy spoke to me. I've pushed it to the limits. I did the right thing. At least the safest way. I played along, like I've planned. If I want to survive for the night, I have to play along. The windows in the attic are sealed. The walls are cold bricks. I am left here, sitting on the cold, wooden floor. I've responded to the boy, he knows I heard him. I can't believe the boy finally spoke to me—and I actually spoke back—and it heard me. I know it did. Because when I shouted, I heard the lock click. But I'm still sitting here. My hands on the door, unable to push it open. I'm trying to prepare myself to open it and see the boy, ready to kill me, for real this time. He killed a girl in his age when he was young, and I don't see any reason why he wouldn't do the same to me. I should be scared for my life, but I realize that I'm left wanting...more. My heart is racing, and my mind is filled with so much questions. All the horror movies I've watched and loved—they somehow allowed me to develop a sense of tolerance. Passion. Curiosity. Suddenly my hands find its way to the door handle and grip it tight. I'm eager to push the door open. And so I did. \"Brahms,\" I say as I quickly push the door open and let the ladder fall hard to the ground, right in front of the doll. The doll is sitting on the floor, looking up. I knew it. Slowly, I turn around to descend the stairs. I finally take one last step and carefully land right beside Brahms, still sitting on the floor. \"I get it.\" I say softly, \"I broke the rules.\" It doesn't say anything. I stay quiet for a while, waiting, maybe it would speak. But it doesn't. I carefully pick Brahms up with both my hands, carrying him as if it were fragile. Its porcelain face, still looking up. As I walk back to his room, I can't stop staring at his face. Brahms actually look sad. I don't feel shivers down my body—the fear I once had when I entered the house—it's all replaced with empathy. Brahms look sad. The creases on his face, his sad, translucent eyes, and the faint smile— it makes Brahms look so sad. I lay him back on the bed, tuck him under the covers, and I find myself softly smile at him, as if I feel the sadness that he's felt for years. I slowly move his head back to its normal state, and turn to walk off. But I stop walking as I remember the kiss. I turn again to face Brahms, \"good night, Brahms.\" I whisper, my face close to his face, and plant a kiss on his forehead. I stand my ground then walk off again until I hear an indistinct voice, \"Good night.\" The voice stops me from walking, I stand there, trying to make out the voice. It sounds soft, as if it came from a child. But in some way, it sounded too hoarse for a child's voice. \"Good night.\" I recall it again. Could it be? But the voice—the voice that shouted at me earlier was hoarse and deep—like a grown man's voice. Oh my god. I just realized the voice earlier sounded a little too deep for a young boy. I glance at Brahms, still laying on the bed. The voice I heard just now sounded like it was a falsetto. It sounded sweeter than the shouting-Brahms. I liked this voice better. I realize I'm smiling faintly. \"Good night.\" I say again.[Chapter 8] Hello, you! I wanna thank you for reading this fanfic. 3 Also, I want to say thank you to those who favorited this story and followed! And also those who sent in reviews. I am so happy to know that you guys are having fun and that I am able to share my crazy world with you guys. Please, don't hesitate to tell me what you think about the ff. I appreciate everything, you guys. Thanks so much. ENJOY THE NEW CHAPTER! I slowly turn again, the faint smile still planted on my face. I walk off as if I don't want to leave the room. Like I wanna stay in here all night. At least I have company. It's been a long time since I've had nice company. I was always with people whom I knew didn't like me around. But where I am now, I feel a little content. Content with the quiet company I have—Brahms. Not the best, not the usual, but it's enough. I feel content. Finally, for once in my life, I've felt contentment. I glance at the window and stand by the door pane. The rain isn't as strong as it was. I guess I can leave tomorrow morning. I lean my hand on the wall and glance back at Brahms, staring at him for a while. I look away and down at my feet. There's some sort of hesitation in me, I don't really get why but…I really don't have any plans yet, and I don't have a job, no place, no other house to go to. I turn around and make myself fit in the large chair, put the blanket over me and comfortably lean back. Before I close my eyes and sleep, I hear myself say \"See you in the morning, Brahms.\" I rub my eyes and try to open them, struggling not to squint at the sunlight peering through the glass window behind me. I'm glad the large chair is blocking most of it, because if it wasn't, I'd be blind. The sun is up-and oh gosh-the sun is actually up. I clamber from the seat as I stand on my feet to look closer through the window. I can actually hear birds chirping, not the loud rain pouring all over the house. I hurry to the door and downstairs to catch a glimpse of the place in a bright, sunny morning. The house looks much beautiful and much larger. I exhale, smiling at the sight of the house. As I turn around, I see the large portrait of the Heelshire family. And then I remembered Brahms. I walk back in the room and to his bedside. I look around, searching for a wall clock and notice it's 9 in the morning. I look down at the rules. I had a feeling that I have to get Brahms out of bed, but I'm not quite sure what I'm supposed to do next. I suddenly remember the incident last night. Oh, I wouldn't want that happening again. I wouldn't want this boy locking me up as a punishment. I get that I was wrong, it was my fault, there were rules to follow. This isn't my house and I'm taking shelter, the least I can do is follow house rules. Even if it's for a doll. My stomach makes a loud sound. God, I'm hungry. I sure hope there's food around. Brahms is to be fed, too, so that means I'll take him with me. \"Let's get breakfast?\" I say, waiting for a response. But I only hear silence for the next few seconds. I've looked in every cupboard, and the only edible thing I found was captain crunch. And it's been opened, so I'm guessing it's not as crunchy as it advertised. I take it anyway and place it on the table, across where Brahms is sitting. I put cereal in both bowls on the table. \"Do you still have milk?\" I ask, looking intently at the boy. Of course, I'm only left hanging, waiting for a response I probably won't get. I try to look around and there are no other edible food. I open the freezer and spot a few frozen meat and...veggies? I guess that'll be for lunch? My stomach growls at me again. I'm awfully hungry. \"I need to buy some milk since we're having cereal. But...I don't know where to get milk.\" Maybe I could go to the store I passed by on my way here? I could use some of my savings. \"Wait for me here, okay?\" I say and head upstairs and into my room. I take a few bills and head back downstairs. I go into the dining area and carry Brahms and place him on the couch. I pause, staring at him for a while, then take my cardigan and leave through the front door. \"That'll be...\" the lady at the counter takes a quick look at the screen then back up at me, \"...23 dollars.\" I nod and smile as I hand her my payment. I've gone grocery shopping, enough for a whole week for myself. I guess it's enough to share with Brahms, too, after all, he doesn't really eat the food. I take the bags and head outside of the small store. I see only a few people outside, some are heading inside and some just finished before me. I notice one of them drive off the opposite direction where I should be going. The path I've chosen to go with is a huge risk. But honestly, I don't mind anymore. Regardless of the consequences, I can follow the rules. I could use some discipline in my life. I like it. It keeps me going, it gives me purpose. I smile at the thought and start walking back home. I struggle to open the front door, reaching for it with my hand as a heavy bag dangles on my wrist. I drop everything on the ground and push the door open, carry it all again and step inside. \"I'm back!\" I shout, making sure Brahms heard me, even though he's a few steps away. I make my way to the living room, struggling with the bags, \"Let's have break-\" my arms drop along with the bags. Brahms isn't on the couch.[Chapter 9] I hurry to the couch and look around. Maybe I put him on that chair? Or that chair? But fuck no, obviously not. He's missing. Where has he gone? My eyes scan the whole place as my mind wanders in my memory. Did I really put him here? I rush inside the kitchen, the dining room, he isn't there. I close my eyes, sigh, then try to do the only thing that could possibly work, \"Brahms?\" I start, \"Where are you?\" \"Play with me,\" a faint, playful tone of voice startles me. It came from the back, as if Brahms were behind me. Play? He isn't-he couldn't-but of course. He is a little boy. And little boys play. I see. I suddenly calm myself down. Alright, I didn't lose him. That's great news. He just wants to play a little hide and seek. I pause then finally exhale a laugh, \"Come out, come out, wherever you are!\" I chuckle softly, \"I'm coming!\" Quietly, I walk around, hoping to find Brahms somewhere. As I open the door to the game room, I expect to spot him, but he isn't. I hurry to the room past it and still fail to find him. Suddenly, I hear a quiet thud upstairs. \"I hear you!\" I shout and find myself laughing as I ascend the stairs swiftly. I push the door open to Brahms room, \"A-ha!\" but see no one. I slowly step inside, hoping he'd be behind the bed, but as I slowly peek, he's still not there. I jolt up and walk to my room. My door is closed. I slowly reach for the knob and turn it. Gently, I push it open and find Brahms sitting on the floor, his back facing me. \"There you are.\" I say, laughing. I walk around him and notice a book on his lap. It's my book. I glance at my luggage and find it messily opened. I take it from him then carry him in my arms, \"How'd you find this?\" It's an old book my mother gave me, about a girl who left town because she was unhappy. She left home, tried to find her happiness, and ended up meeting a boy from a small town. They fell in love. Mom gave it to me, wishing I'd find my happiness as well, right after she apologized that she couldn't give me that happiness. I remember kissing her warm, wrinkled cheeks. She looked so old, but still, so beautiful. She told me to find happiness. My happiness is adventure. I glance at Brahms. \"You like this?\" No answer. Suddenly, I hear something. It's my stomach growling once again. I chuckle realizing that was me. But I laugh, \"Was that you?\" I shake my head, \"Let's have breakfast first, okay? And maybe I'll read that book to you.\" I walk and place the book on top of the dresser, \"I don't know if you're old enough to know about those things, though.\" I chuckle, speaking to Brahms as I walk out of the room. After lunch, I took Brahms to the piano. Surprisingly, my rusty skills of piano playing still works. I pressed on the keys as if I still knew how to play Nocturne. It was the only song I could play. \"Do you have any piece lying around?\" I asked Brahms, who was sitting up beside me. I looked down at him, quietly sitting. He hasn't said a word since last night. And I wish he spoke something. Honestly, I feel like he's alive sometimes. I'm currently sitting across Brahms, as I had him settled on the chair, his back facing me. I had to play music for him through an old player. It was kinda loud when I switched it on, but I hesitated to turn it down. He likes his music. I want to take a shower. But it says in the rules that I can't leave him alone, so I'm a little frustrated. I don't know where to put him. I approach Brahms and lean down, \"Hey, I'm just gonna take a shower. May I?\" My eyes wander around the sight of Brahms' clothes and up to his face. I don't know why but his face looks less sad now. I don't know if that's just my imagination, but I feel better knowing that nothing bad has happened. Maybe I can take this opportunity to have a little time to myself in a nice hot shower. \"I'll be back in 10,\" I tell Brahms and leave the room.[Chapter 10] Hello! I am truly sorry for the late update. I have recently come back to uni :( and I was immediately flooded with readings and all that shiz. Plus, I did not want to force a story into happening, as I wanted to create every chapter as interesting and exciting. I want everything to still be good enough for you guys that's why it took me so long. So here it finally is. I hope you guys still like how the story went! As always I would love to hear from you. Thank you for sticking around! Here, have some Brahms. The heater isn't working well, but it'll do. I turn the knob and allow the lukewarm water pour over me as I close my eyes and enjoy the silence filling the room, as if I'm not used to it yet. All I hear is water hitting the floor. Showers are so nice, I smile at the thought. Suddenly, I remember Brahms. Should I change his clothes? Should I do some sort of cleaning to him as well? I guess not. I turn around and tilt my head upwards, savoring the water all over my wet hair. I start caressing my arms with soap, gently rubbing the bar against my skin. Then I move my hand up to my neck down to my chest. Then I rub soap all the way down to my calves. I bend over, reaching for my ankles as well. Suddenly, I hear something that startles me, making me open my eyes. I rub them, trying to get water off my eyes to see clearly. I pause for a few seconds, staring at the door. Somebody's getting impatient. I start to wash off the soap off my body and the shampoo off my hair. I quickly dry myself and take the towel and carefully wrap it around me. My feet touches the cold floor as I start to leap to the mat in front of the sink. My hands reach for my under garments then I put them on. I hurry to brush my teeth and run into my bedroom. I shut the door behind me to freely take my towel off. I start drying my hair while looking around my clothes that are sitting on the counter. Wait what-why are these folded on the counter? Oh, Brahms is doing my clothes now? I squint, still staring at my clothes. It's as if they were hurriedly place on top. But one was particularly separated from the others, it was laid out on the bed. I walk closer to my bed and realize that it's my short, black dress. Am I thinking what he's thinking too? Oh hell no I am not wearing that tonight. I've been saving this dress to wear it somewhere special-not when I'm at home babysitting? Besides, it's the only thing I have that's special to me. I swore to wear it first when I feel happy. It's ironic, I know. But it's a dress that I found that actually felt like wearing. Usually I'd sport a black top and dark jeans with boots. Buying a black dress is rarely my kind of errand. I take the dress and hang it on the wall. \"Maybe next time,\" I say as if Brahms could hear me. \"Time for bed, okay?\" I say as I carry Brahms to his bed. I tuck him inside the covers and gently plant another kiss on his forehead, then I stand back. A faint smile escapes my lips, \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" I turn around and start walking until I eye my book on the counter. Oh yeah, I remember I promised him I'd read the book to him a few days ago. I turn to face him again, \"Do you want me to read to you?\" I pause, waiting for a response. I hear nothing. I take the book anyway and head back to Brahms' bedside. I sit near him, \"I hope you don't mind if I'm this close...\" I open the book, \"I'm not that sleepy anyway, I figured I could finally read this to you.\" \"Sorry I forgot about it.\" I chuckle and glance back to the first page of the story. \"Better listen well. This story is...really special to me.\" I sigh and start telling Brahms the story behind the special book. My fingers trace the first page repeatedly as I tell him about the happiness I've been searching. \"...So yeah. It's all about finding your happiness. At least that's what my mother wanted me to do.\" I pause for a while and stop tracing my finger on the paper, look down at it, then finally start reading the story. I start humming the verse to Katy Perry's \"Unconditionally\". I've had my playlist on shuffle and it's the first thing I heard when I was jogging around the house outside. It's been a 12 days, I think, and the cycle's still going. I follow the rules, attend to myself, spend time with Brahms then go back to sleep. It's an endless cycle, but honestly, in those twelve days, it seemed like time flied so fast. A smile creeps on my lips as I run back into the house. Brahms let me go out once in a while, and I appreciate that about him. I haven't received any kind of punishment since the first one. I take my earplugs off and place my phone on the living room table. I try to catch my breath as I walk upstairs, preparing the heater. I remember the adrenaline rush the first time I heard Brahms' voice. I could barely remember it, since I haven't heard from his voice for a long time, too. The only thing I hear lately is the sound of my voice, my heartbeat, the record, and the songs on my playlist. I honestly...miss that falsetto-sounding voice of Brahms. Honestly, it would be nice to hear from someone again. But not just anyone. Brahms. His voice. Because my curiosity is at its peak once again, urging me to make Brahms speak. I close the door behind me and start taking my clothes off before heading off to shower. Sometimes, the same pattern happens after I get out of the shower: my clothes are taken out of my wardrobe, and a particular piece of clothing is laid out on the bed. I finally got to figure out why. It's Brahms telling me what to wear. It doesn't always happen. Sometimes I'd get out of the shower earlier after hearing weird noises and end up not seeing clothes on the bed. Maybe it's cos I'm not allowed to see Brahms yet or he won't show himself actually doing it. I guess he thinks I'll freak out if I see a doll walking to my bed, laying down pre-chosen clothes. He would choose mostly shirts that I rarely wear. Like plain white tees or tanktops. I know I should be weirded out because a young boy is telling me what to wear, but I have a crazy idea that somehow, his soul has...grown up. How else would he have an idea to make me wear clothes decently or differently? A young boy wouldn't even mind. I don't know. This time, I hear a creak-I'm pretty sure it came from outside. Not the bathroom door, but my bedroom door. Or his. I'm tempted to sneak out and peek. Would he hear me? Would he know? I mean he's done this and I never attempted to catch him, so maybe he wouldn't know? Just one peek, and I won't do it again. After all, I've been nice? I've followed the rules? There's nothing wrong if I just go out and take a look on how he is? What he looks like when he walks? When he moves? Oh, damn it. I have to see. I quit biting on my nails and quietly get out of the shower, but leaving it open, allowing it to drown my footsteps out of the bathroom. I dry myself with the towel and slowly and quietly put on my bra and undies, then cover myself with the robe hanging behind the door. I quietly pull the bathroom door open, making sure I don't make a sound. I peek from the small crack before completely walking out of the bathroom until I see a shadow pass. It's coming from my room. Judging from the angle-oh my god-it's coming from my room. I take a deep breath and quietly exhale the nervousness I'm feeling. I'm leaning on the cold wall, still thinking if I should walk out of the bathroom. If he catches me, what's the worst thing that can happen? It's not in the rules, anyway. I try to recall the list and reassure myself that I'm not breaking any. I nod once, take a deep breath, and slowly slide out of the door. My body freezes. A tall figure is standing right outside my door. A figure of a man .[Chapter 11] OH MY GOD HERE IT IS, FINALLY. BEEN A LOONG LONG WHILE. I FINALLY HAVE A GREAT IDEA AND IM SO EXCITED TO SHARE THE STORY WITH YOU GUYS! ENJOY THE NEW CHAPTER AND MAKE SURE YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK 3 Thanks for being patient! \"Oh...\" Julie's body trembles, shivers shoot down her body, her eyes glued to the figure, \"...dear God.\" she manages to say under her breath. She stands still, frozen in the same position until she notices the figure move. Quickly, she slides behind the wall, covering her own mouth and trying to prevent herself from squirming. She tries to breath slowly, asking herself her next move. Where does she go? What does she do? There is some man in the house and it took her this long to find out? Julie slowly peeks once more and she sees a man walking away from the room slowly, and lightly, as if he's done this so many times that he's used to sneaking in and out of the room. Only the baggy long sleeves and pants of the man are visible with the help of the faint light of the wall lamps. She quickly leans back again and slowly slides inside the bathroom, making sure she does not make a sound as she shuts the door. Slowly, my back slides down against the cold wall, I stop until I'm fully sitting on the bathroom floor, still staring and trying to wrap my head about my dilemma. Luckily, I managed to stop myself from trembling. I've already convinced myself that this should not shock me at all, because if I tolerate the idea of a living doll, what more could freak me out? Yeah, Julie. That's right. Calm yourself down. It's a human being. At least it's a human being, right? But what the hell is this human being doing here? Does he know Brahms? I slowly stand up, trying to plan my next move. Of course...I'm gonna have to keep showering. Yes. Pretend that I don't know anything yet. Yes. I get back in the shower and continue bathing myself until I can't pretend that I wanna go to my room so bad already, but I have to stay here for a while. Think hard what to do. The water's starting to get cold, though. I turn the knob and quickly my body shivers from the cold temperature in the bathroom. I wrap the towel once again around my body and slowly approach the door. My head turns to the mirror as I heave a deep breath and repeat the rules in my head that I made for myself: Pretend that you didn't see anything. Not unless you're sure of what's happening. Stay calm and just do what you always do with Brahms. Don't freak out, don't look so dazed. Play it cool. It's just a human being. He won't be there. What was he doing- No, stop. The contemplation starts later. Main objective is to get inside my room and just do my thing. My hands reach for the knob and I turn it, push the door open and step out of the bathroom. You're inside the room, you're safe. It's okay. I lock the bedroom door and turn around to see a black tee shirt laid out on the bed. This is the second time this shirt was chosen. I'm not complaining though, it's a very comfortable shirt. I slowly walk towards my bed, my mind now wandering off- Oh my God. It all makes sense now. The clothes, the carefully-chosen clothes, the doll-could he be-is he-it must be! The man I saw is accountable for all the freaky fucking thing that's been going on in here?! And it's not the doll. I...I... I suddenly have the urge to laugh, I laugh so hard and sit on the bed. I put my face in my hands, laughing at the thought of the stupid things I believed for the past few days. There's no supernatural bullcrap. There's no haunted boy doll. There's just...a man. I stop laughing and finally catch my breath. I'm not crazy. Not at all. This all makes sense and it's all not because of anything haunted or magical-it's a human being. My eyes glance down at the shirt. \"Why do you make me do these things?\" I say under my breath, and touch the shirt. I have to find out. I need to find out.[Chapter 12] ARE YOU GUYS READY FOR THIS CHAPTER? IT'S ABOUT TO GO DOWN IN A FEW MORE CHAPTERS. I hope you guys are enjoying it! Are you liking it? Hating it? Let me know. Also, I hope you are able to see slowly who Julie really is with her little mentions about her life before all this. Do you think she's sane enough to deal with everything and run away? Or do you think she's gonna stay because she's a little…cuckoo herself? If so, what were the hints you got that made you think she's also a lil craycray or sane? I'll post the next chapter if I get 100 views! I set the table for the both of us for lunch. His voice sounded so soft...but it's as if it is not a little boy's voice. It's him , isn't it? Is it true? I'm not crazy and that doll isn't haunted? It would all finally make sense if it really is the man who's been doing all of this. I place the plate on the table and pause for a second, staring nowhere. The image of the man's clothing flashes in my head. He was wearing a sweater and some pants. I couldn't really look close but it's already proof that this man's been in here for years, maybe. He looked so untidy as if he's hidden himself from me for a long, long time. Where could he possibly be now? Where does he hide? How does he know my every move? I suddenly feel a presence. I look around but there's no one in the dining hall. Cameras. Suddenly, my eyes look up at the ceiling; slowly scanning one corner to another. I glance at the shelves and my eyes focus on every miniature figurines. I quickly pace back to the door and make sure Brahms isn't around. I return inside the dining hall and quietly search the room, but this time, I'm a little cautious and conscious. If there's a camera in here, then he knows that I know. And if he knows that I know...I'm dead. I should probably leave while I still have the chance? But where will I go? I don't have a place to stay. I can't...I can't go back to America. I'm gonna be a laughing stock. Sure, my stepdad would welcome me back, even my step sisters, since they want my signature in that certificate so they can finally have their half of mom's will. If I come back, it's like giving up. It's almost like I'm forgetting my promise to mom. Flashes of her face appear in my head again. Why was I so reckless? I glance at the dining table set for two. It used to be like this, too. Two plates left, food untouched. She would wait for me to get home, but I would always stare from the window, keeping my pride intact and refusing to go inside the house. She sits there patiently, waiting for me. I remember my stepfather approaching her and convincing her to leave the table, but she refuses. I don't hear her voice but I see her refusing him. Then he hits her. Hard. I suddenly remember the reason why I didn't want to come home that night. She didn't want to leave him. I wanted her to. I never liked him. He always hit her when he had too much to drink. He never cared if he would wake up in the morning to see a bruise on her. He cared in the beginning, made me believe. But when he became part of us, when the two sisters came, he didn't care about me, he didn't care about mom. He didn't care about anything. And so, I stopped caring too. I did what I wanted to, since no one had to tell me what to do. I saw the positive side in it: I was responsible with my own actions. I could do anything I want, as if there were no rules to follow, no heart to break when I get home. I believed in this so much that I was blind enough to ignore my mother's state. I was blind enough to realize that she was the only one who cared for me. The only one watching my every move. She cared enough to nag at my behavior. Cared enough to notice how obnoxious and rebellious I was. Cared enough to see how I changed since he came. Cared enough to see that I wanted attention. Cared enough to see through me. I snap back to reality. Right now, I feel like someone's seeing through me. Keeping my normal stance, I look around as if I'm just looking around. This isn't breaking the rules, is it? My hands slide across the empty shelves as I peek outside, inside, between, or even its corners. I touch the figurines and the pots and find nothing. I flip the frames sitting at the next shelf and still...nothing. I continue looking for some kind of lens anywhere until I hear a thud behind me. I jump in shock as I turn to look behind me. Brahms is on the floor. Shit. \"Hey!\" I say. Shit shit. Don't shake. Or he'll know. I look around the dining hall as I approach Brahms then take him in my hands. \"Sorry. I kinda lost track in my own thoughts.\" I let out a nervous chuckle and have him sit on the chair. \"Let's eat?\" I smile lightly and start on my food as he sits quietly, food on his plate. He didn't see me, did he? And I'm not talking about the doll.[Chapter 13] Julie's acting weird. I sit on my bed and gently take my Julie doll, I caress its body. \"Why are you acting weird?\" I ask the doll, Two nights in a row, you always take up so much time alone. Do you not want to spend time with me anymore? \"What were you looking for in the dining room, Julie?\" I ask sternly now. I'm starting to have doubts, my hands touch the Julie doll's shoulder gently. I hope Julie could hear me. I hope she would tell me. I don't want her to act this way. She stayed. She was here. She was okay. She fed me on time. She showered on time. But now, she takes too much time alone! I look at the doll on the ground under me. Oops. I threw Julie doll on the floor. I reach for it. I'm sorry I threw you on the ground. I...I just want you to stop acting weird, Julie. I remember her looking outside a couple of times today, too. It's not like she had to go to the store today? My hands grip on the doll. She's supposed to go tomorrow. My grip tightens. I whisper my warning to the Julie doll, hoping Julie can hear me as well, \"You're not planning to leave me, are you?\" my voice is shaking. I notice. \"Oh, you're not leaving me like everyone else.\" Shivers crawl down my body as I glance at the letter at my table, I see images of my parents in my head. They left me. And everyone else. They left me. Alone. And now Julie wants to leave, too. I cross my arms and fold my knees and hug them close to my chest tight. The silence-it's getting louder. It's as if I'm alone again. It's so silent. It's too silent. Too silent. I jump up and rush to the door. I'm panting, beads of sweat trickling down my face. It's too quiet. It can't be too quiet. I peek and see that the seat in my room is empty. Julie's not here. Rushing back, I take a bat, then I quickly run back outside. She's not going anywhere tonight. I hear something from her room. I take the way through the walls, passing through every bend, and finally I hear a louder sound. She's inside her room. I take a peek from a small hole near her closet. I can hear her walk around. Then she appears, her arms full of her clothes. She's preparing to leave. I hold the bat closer- \"Aha!\" she shouts as she holds up a long clothing in front of her, \"found you.\" I quickly move away from the hole, \"I guess I got no choice...\" I hear her and then her footsteps walk away, Slowly, I look through the hole, trying to make out what she's talking about. I see her take her shirt off, her back facing me. I see her bra. I see her bare back. Julie's slowly taking her pants off, too. I feel my stomach churn a little bit. My hands start to grip on the bat. She pushes her pants down, and I see a blue garment underneath...but she stops. She turns and I exhale deep. She looks around the room, her eyes curiously searching for something. She knows someone's watching her. She takes the dress, drapes it on her, then continues to remove her pants under the dress. She quickly exits her room. She knows someone's watching her. I walk back to my room and see her there in the dress. She did not shower tonight. She knows someone's watching her. I sit up and read a book. My eyes unconsciously glance at Brahms on the bed, and like the usual, he's not moved an inch. Clearly because the doll's not alive. And someone else is making it look as if he's alive. I straighten my night gown, making it drop to it's normal length above my knees. I hate that I forgot to do my laundry since I had too much in my head. I hate wearing this night gown, especially when I'm pretty sure someone can see me. I sigh in exasperation. How could I fucking forget to do my laundry? This was such a bad idea. I'm just attracting more attention. I mentally shiver at my shameful state. I should probably just wear any of my old clothes instead of putting out. But I didn't even shower. And now I'm gonna wear an old shirt? JESUS. Well, if this is what it takes just to not be watched- I'm being watched. And I'm wearing a night gown. If I'm wearing this and attracting him...then I might have a huge chance to see the man close again. I'm making myself bait. Well if that's my only choice, since I can't shower yet to take that sneaky peek, this will be my first try. I'm shooting for the stars on this one. She knows someone's watching her. The words repeat inside Brahms' head. He hears his own voice, and it's loud, but externally, he stays silent as he looks down at the peaceful sight of Julie. Julie passed out on the seat, like almost every night. She hums in her sleep, Brahms says to himself inside his head. Brahms fiddles with the rope in his hand. He moves closer to her but stops once she shifts from her previous position. Julie's chest is exposed, the lamp light shining down from her torso down to her thighs. She's flawless. Brahms hears himself say it again. He aches to touch her skin. He aches to lay his fingertips on her skin and trace it down until her feet. He wanted to touch her face, too. But he doesn't. He turns away, scared that she might wake up and see him. But how is he going to tie her up ? he asks himself. Should he tie her up now, she won't be able to escape tomorrow. Brahms knows that she's supposed to leave to do the groceries. If he lets her leave, that'll be the end of it. She will never come back. He turns to face her again. \"I can't let you leave, Julie. I cannot.\" He rambles. A thunderclap roars out of nowhere, and Julie shifts from her seat again. Brahms is aware that she might wake up. \"...Brahms...\" Julie mumbles, her eyes shut still. Her soft voice echoed in Brahms' head. It was soft. \"So soft. Soft and sweet.\" the voices told him. She stops moving. Suddenly, slowly, Julie opens her eyes only to see the doll in its bed, the lamp still on, and the door still open a bit. She falls back asleep. Brahms stays behind the door, darkness completely hiding him away from vision. He stays there, panting quietly as he can. He could not do it. He could not tie her up. He could not risk showing himself to her. He's afraid she would be scared of him. He wanted her to be scared of him, so she would not leave, yet he could not let himself do it. He did not want her to see him yet. Brahms rushes back inside the walls, hugging himself, he rocks on his bed, confusion in his mind. He wants to tie her up, but he can't because she never broke any rules. And if she wakes and sees him, she will leave. He will hurt her for no reason, and he could not have that. Or else he would have to punish himself. Brahms stops rocking himself and slowly lies down on his bed and reaches for the Julie doll.[Chapter 14] Hey everyone! Just wanna thank you guys for the 6k views on this fanfiction. I really appreciate every single view and reviews from you guys. I hope you guys will like how the story goes. SHOUTOUT TO: \"NoOne\", a reader from Germany! Thank you for the kind words! You liking Julie is just a huge compliment. Thank you so much. || SHOUTOUT TO: \"K. Riley\" thank you also so damn much for the support and for not thinking this ff isn't trash. Had this storyline in my head for so long and I'm super excited to show you guys how it's going down! -Crista Morning came, I stretch in my seat. I guess I overslept a bit. The weather is beautiful today, I turn to look through the window. I start to think what my plans are for today. I should probably serve breakfast first then head out to get the groceries. I go back inside my room for a while to check if I still have money for food and...turns out I still have enough. Probably enough for a month. Clearly, I should stop lying to myself and push myself to find another job outside the mansion. Or else I'll be starving to death since nobody really pays me here. I do get a place to stay but I don't have money for a lifetime supply for food. Lifetime supply. Ha. I laugh a bit, do I really plan on staying here all my life? Julie has her purse as she plays my favorite track on the player. She turns to me and says she has to go to the groceries. \"Be back after an hour, like the usual.\" she reassures me. I believe her. She won't be able to leave me unless she has her money. If she does plan to leave, sooner or later, she will run right back. I hid Julie's money. I left enough inside her purse for the groceries. She cannot leave unless she has her money. Money is the central medium that makes the world go round. That's what my father told me when I asked about the book he had in the library about something called Capitalism. It was one of my favorite books, out of all that told me about the world. My father told me that my nannies will never leave me because they need the money. Julie cannot leave me because she needs the money. She will never leave me. I repeat the words in my head as I wait for her to come back. It's been over an hour. The living room is messy now. Torn book pages are everywhere. It was my fault. Julie will have to clean it up. She will clean it up because it is her fault. I already know why she's already gone for a long time. She left. She will never come back unless she is begging people for money. And when she comes back, I will give her the punishment she deserves for leaving me. She will be punished. And then she can care for me again and she will never be able to leave. I will tie her up and make her care for me. I hear the clock ticking. Julie left me alone. She will be punished. She- The front door opens. \"Damn...heavy...bags!\" I curse loudly as I manage to finally let go of the grocery bags once I get inside the house. I exhale and look down at all 8 bags. Jeez. I managed to carry all that home. I place my purse on the end table in exasperation and turn to look at the living room only to see the whole place turned upside down. My face flushes, I feel my blood boiling. You cannot be serious. For some reason, I felt the need to shout \"Brahms!\" I look up, my voice angry. I approach the living room and see Brahms sitting at one of the chairs. \"What in God's name happened in here?!\" Seriously? I do the groceries, I cook him food, I pretend I'm not bothered by everything freaky in this house and I get this? No. I am not having this. This whole 'boy' image needs to stop. \"Are you kidding me?\" I stomp my way in front of the doll, but hoping the man can hear me damn well. He is totally having it. I will not be treated like this. Freak me out all day, but don't take advantage of me. \"I go out to fetch you your needs, work everyday taking care of you, and you give me this?!\" I pause, panting as I control my rage. \"Do you know how much effort I had to exert today? I have to spend my money on food I dont need just to satisfy you. I carried too many shit today just to come back here to see you do this playful thing? No. I will not have this playful shit today.\" I glance at the piano next to where the doll is sitting. Found a perfect punishment. \"No piano playing today.\" I say and take the doll in my arms. \"You're going inside your room. I mean it. That's what you get for being a bad boy today.\" We reach the room and I let him sit in my seat, \"You understand?\" I sigh, suddenly my rage drains down. \"I don't like getting mad, okay? But that was just overboard. I don't know what I did that made you do what you did but...no. Just no.\" I sigh again, a little more calm. \"Now you wait for me here until I deal with the groceries.\" I storm out of the room and head downstairs. I glance once more at the living room and sigh. Guess I got an extra chore. I don't know what his deal is, but all I'm doing here is my work. Speaking of work...once I get inside my room, I open my purse. I used all of my money for the groceries. I'll have to be a little thrifty with the food consumption this time. I see a piece of paper inside and unfold it. I remember taking it from a post near the grocery store. It's a job advertisement: to work at the supermarket as a cashier. I guess I could use some of the cash. That's a small way to start. I fold it again and put it in the drawer. I pause. I can't really go there right now. What happened in that living room...I know I'm the reason why he had to do that crap. I don't really wanna add to that again. I guess it's my fault somehow too. I glance at my watch. Impatient thing. I don't move the doll. It's the first time I saw Julie get mad at me. It would anger her more if I play with her. Instead of going anywhere, I just watch her in the kitchen. I follow her rule. She's mad at me. Later on, she comes back inside my room. I see her smile. I still feel a little sad but I'm watching her carefully. She leans down and apologizes. I feel happy again. She's forgiven what I've done. \"How about that piano session?\" she asks.[Chapter 15] I look at myself in the mirror, pretending to pamper myself as I buy myself some time to think. I guess if the mysterious man really wanted to kill me, he would have. The worst he's done so far is mess up the living room. And so, I really should not worry. But the thought of having someone watch over me? God. I can't. There's this overflowing curiosity inside me. I know I should leave, but I don't think that's a good idea. Or you're just making excuses because you have no place else to go. No. Well. Yes. A bit. But mainly, because I need to know who that man is and what he's doing, and why he's making me do this. And why he has a doll that needs a nanny. Why he can't do it himself? Why would he care about the boy? He can't possibly be the father? And the albums in the attic are enough evidence to tell me that the boy did not have siblings. So who is that man? I start brushing my hair and look down at the ground. I suddenly hear crying from the other room. I glance at my wristwatch and realize I've been in my room for a long time. I can't take up too much time, I tell myself. Or else he'll find out something's off. I notice the crying suddenly stops. Is it the doll? Or is it…the man? Now I have to look for speakers instead of cameras. I sneakily looked around and checked everywhere or possible camera wiring but I found nothing. But the speakers and mic? That has got to be the only way he's able to speak to me. But there is no sign of wiring? I think long and hard again, trying to figure out how and where. The vent? I look straight at the vent and stand up. I carefully examine the vent and still...nothing. The crying starts again. I turn around, shaking my head in disbelief and confusion as I head to Brahms' room. I open my eyes and see a ray of sunshine at the ceiling. Same thing, different day. I look around and see Brahms in the bed. Oh, Brahms. I look at the doll and don't have the same connection anymore. The instinct is there, I still am willing to care for the doll. But the impression that it's the same Brahms I know, the boy—the doll with a soul—it's just not the same anymore. I have this desire to know the truth. I want to know who's behind this, and why someone would want me to take care of a doll and have pleasure in watching me do so. I need to know. I need...I need to shower. It's been a long time. I turn the shower knob and keep it on, I glance at the bathroom door. It's time. I stand by the door, keep my ear pressed against the door, listening to the silence. Then I hear it. It's so faint that I could only hear it when my ears are pressed hard against the door to feel the soft vibration of the bedroom door opening. He's inside. Now, I take my chance. I open the door a crack, but quietly. What happens then? The voice in my head echoes, What happens if I find out the truth about this man? I know I'll probably be weirded out and quit lying to myself and finally leave the mansion. I don't belong here. It was all a stupid mistake. Should I go back home? No, of course not. That will never be an option. I take a deep breath and open the door then step out cautiously, and keep my back against the wall. I move closer to the door pane and slowly take a peek...and there he is. I see a man casually searching for the next shirt for me to wear. I should start showering in the morning so I have enough light to see him, I shout at myself mentally. My heart is pounding against my chest...I feel a rush. Suddenly, it's as if he could hear me. He stops what he's doing and I notice his head slowly turning. I hurry behind the large shelf along the corridor and stay quiet. I cover my mouth as I realize I'm panting too loud. I hear him. He heard me. His presence is so strong. I feel him at the corridor. Julie keeps her back pressed against the shelf as Brahms quietly closes the door and leaves. She makes sure she isn't seen as she tries to peek once again and realize that Brahms had left. She wonders if he completely abandoned their typical cycle: his duty to pick out her clothing. She pauses for a while, making sure that he's completely gone, and then she makes her way into her bedroom only in her loose, white shirt draped and completely covering her body, exposing her thighs. Her room is empty. She shivers at the cold temperature, and it shoots down her spine as she sees a blue shirt laid out on the bed. She leans against the door pane and sigh in relief. She walks back into the bathroom to continue showering and closes the door. A figure steps out of the shadows along the corridor, exposing Brahms' features. His hands are inside his jacket pockets, his porcelain mask reflecting the light from outside the window, but under, his eyes are fixed, staring at the bathroom door.[Chapter 16] I keep my eyes closed as I allow the warm water run down my face and body in the shower. I take the remaining time to calm myself down. The second I laid eyes on the man, I felt my blood rush through my veins. I...I felt excited, eccentric, anything but scared. I close my eyes, not moving, and just trying to recall the man...or should I say guy. His body features somehow gave me a hint that this guy's not as old as I think he is. The way his shoulders and arms slump down; his whole composition. His dark, curly hair gave it away, too. It seemed fit for someone a little younger. But his clothing; the knitted black-blue-or is it green? His cardigan loosely draped over him. Even his pants were a little loose. But the thing that struck me most was the mask. I'm sure he was wearing a mask. I curse myself for not looking closer to see what kind of mask it was. But I'm sure it's white or something. Why would he wear a mask? Did he know I was going to sneak in to see him? Possibly. Just so he could still somehow hide his identity from me. I sigh. I'm lucky enough that he didn't catch me. Or else...I don't know. I honestly don't know what I would've done if he saw me there. It's better off this way. It's better I calm myself down so I can compose myself. I brush my palm across my face and turn the shower knob a little. I keep my eyes closed. I can do this. He won't hurt me. If he wanted to, he would have. For some reason, I remember that I kind of wished there would be someone home when I found the house. But I didn't know some guy with a doll lived here. ...And he let me. I have to give him credit for that, and the fact that he let me live even if he 'punished' me last time in the attic. All he asks for is I follow the rules, anyway. The rules. The only thing that gives me purpose. Something to keep me going instead of boring my ass to death all day. I completely turn the shower off. I wipe my face and cross my arms against my chest, rubbing my arms as I suddenly feel cold. It's starting to rain again. I hear the tiny drops hit the roof. I step out and stand in front of the mirror. I wrap the towel around my body, staring at myself in the mirror. I notice the space I am in. I notice my state, my situation. This is probably the only exciting thing that ever happened in my life. Guess I'm lucky enough to be given some kind of purpose. Even if it's to take care of a doll for some guy. Totally weird but... oh my God. How does he live? Eat? Sleep? Could he possibly live in the...attic? Probably why he doesn't want anyone in there! And the food he eats? Probably the food I put inside the freakin freezer! Oh my god. He eats the frozen left overs? Jeez. My face drops in my hands, I look up again and shake my head in disbelief. Poor, poor guy. Why won't he just...why didn't he just come out the first day to tell me what he needed?! Instead of starving himself in his own house? He could've approached me. Told me he needed food...and that he has a doll to cope with whatever issue he has. Okay, that would have probably never worked and made me leave. I know what it feels like to struggle. And it's so unfair that I'm living in his house like this. What do I do? I can't just shout around the house saying I know he's around and I'm willing to help. No. No. That would be ridiculous. I need to play it safe. I'm not even sure if he'll show himself, since he didn't even show himself the first time in his own house. I'll have to convince him somehow. I start to realize I'm freezing naked. I take my laundry and step out of the room and casually walk back into my room. I put my old clothes in a hamper and go in front of the shirt he laid out. I can't help but let out a light smug smile. It's...actually a pretty nice gesture. I shake my head, wear the shirt over me, the towel still wrapped around my body. I wear my black leggings, then finally unwrap the towel. I glance at the door and walk out of it, and off I go to Brahms' room. I step inside his room with a light smile, \"Ready for bed?\" I ask, looking at the doll sitting on my seat. \"Let's tuck you in.\" I eye my book at the table, \"And maybe read you a little of my favorite book, too.\" She didn't leave. She's pretending she didn't see. Or is she just pretending tonight then plan to leave in the morning, again? Julie touches the shirt I laid out on the bed. I see her lips form into a smile. She's smiling. But it might be a facade. I peek intently through the hole, watching her put on her clothes. It's difficult to look away when Julie undresses. I get a tingly feeling in my body. My hands start gripping my cardigan as I watch her. I hear myself pant under the mask. Julie puts on her garments but I look away and head back to my room. I still have to be careful. I can't be less careful or else she'll slip out of my hands. Sooner or later, Julie will leave. Just like everyone else. I remember Greta taking care of me. But once she finally met me, the human Brahms, she lost her mind. It was a bad memory. Greta tricked me. Greta never loved me. But I won't be tricked again. Not this time.[Chapter 17] I ascend the stairs and take one last glance at the messy living room. I sigh. I've completely procrastinated over cleaning the living room. It's just because I could not get my mind straight after finding out about the guy living in the attic. I hear a voice in my head telling me to check it out just to find out if he really lives there...but I stop myself. I remind myself that if he's ready to show himself, he will. Convince him , I tell myself. Convince him that it's safe. It's not as if I'd hurt him? I did lash out on the doll because of what he did to the living room, but that's the worst I can be. It's not really that bad. So I don't see a reason why he'd be afraid of me. I drop the subject and just head straight to Brahms' room. \"Hey,\" I try to say calmly as I can say as I enter Brahms' room and see him sitting at my seat, \"Sorry took me a while.\" Instead of approaching him, I start up the old record player and play his favorite. As I work on the player, I feel myself smiling, realizing that the song's starting to grow on me, too. I close my eyes and turn around and look at Brahms. He's still sitting there. \"What are you doing on my seat?\" I cross my arms and stare at him, teasing him. This 'boy', I can't believe he's grown on me. Once I laid eyes on him, I smile on my own realizing that I'm not scared of him—or even the man. I amuse myself…and I suddenly have an idea. I pause the music, \"Hey.\" I say again and sit on his bed, facing Brahms the doll. \"I want you to know that you can trust me, okay?\" I look down at my hands, \"I mean we've got—I have nowhere else to go and you allowing me to stay—I'm thankful for that. I get that you want me to follow your rules to take care of you. I'm okay with that. I'm so used to living on my own, pushing people away and following my own voice but, this? It's nice to have something I can depend on, something that tells me that I still have purpose.\" \"I won't go anywhere until I finish my job here. I'll be your keeper.\" I suddenly chuckle, \"Probably forever since I don't have a real job.\" Too far, Julie. \"I mean, cos, I…umm…but you get the point, right?\" I ask as I stand from the bed, still looking at the doll and hoping that the man can hear me well. \"Do you understand?\" I ask, looking at the boy intently. I'm hoping for a reply, even though it's been a long time since I heard him speak to me. I don't give up, \"Just give me one 'okay' or 'shut up, julie' or something?\" Silence. Okay, I kinda went too far on that one. \"So, yeah.\" I go to the shelf and get my hands on the player. I place my hand on top, \"I'll shut up now and let you enjoy your music.\" Suddenly, I hear that soft, faint voice. It certainly sounded like it came behind me. \"You're my keeper?\" It's that voice. How...? I dont turn around and I close my eyes. It's him, isn't it? I gape and open my eyes at the realization that it just might be him, \"Y-yes.\" I reply as quick as I could without stuttering and sounding doubtful. I want him to know that I'm sure of who I aim to be and that I understand him, \"I'm your keeper.\" I say in a slight sweet tone. He doesn't reply. I turn and I glance where the doll is still seated. The doll looks completely normal to me now. I stand in front of it, then squat down to look at it in the eye. Maybe the cameras are inside the doll? And the mic, too? Maybe one day, I'll find out all about it once I get a few more words out of him. I actually just had a conversation...this time, with the guy. And he pretended to sound like...like...Brahms? What is going on?[Chapter 18] So far, everything's good. The rules are still followed. It's been two days and I made sure I took the doll with me as well anywhere I went, and felt a little conscious when I thought about the possibility that the cameras are inside the doll. I didn't mind, though. It's like...I wanted it to watch me, but then again, sometimes I get a little conscious because I know that he's not the doll. I know that there's someone else out there and I can't see him. Would've been better if I could see him. Maybe I'd be a little more comfortable. But then again, I tried convincing him by dropping hints talking to the Brahms doll and it's just not working. I just hope I don't lose it and shout at the doll saying how much I wish he just showed himself and introduced himself like a proper human being so I can help him out. The doll is resting in front of the table inside the study room. Another vinyl player is sitting next to it and I just let his favorite song play. I suddenly realize why I had to play the song loud as stated in the rules list. It's probably so the guy could hear it in the attic. Were the rules printed out for me? or were it printed out a long, long time ago? If it were printed a long time ago, then the guy existed already? I just wish he was here to tell me everything. Everything would have been easier. It's hard to ask and answer myself, you know. I shake my head and sit opposite to the doll. I can't take it anymore. \"You know,\" I start, trying to speak louder than the music playing, \"I used to live with my stepdad and step sisters. But I grew tired of their...\" I had the urge to watch my words, \"...unpleasant attitudes and such. So I decided to leave since I don't have my mom anymore. It was like...me against them. I know they didn't like me anyway. Plus, they don't care about me. They only cared because they wanted my mom's stuff. They want me to sign her will, so they could ask me for her stuff. But I didn't. I just don't care anymore. So I left.\" I pause, hesitating if I should keep talking. What am I trying to achieve here? \"And then I traveled here but only for a vacation. But something urged me to stay here and just work here, too. Then I came here.\" I look down at my hands, I can't look at the doll's eyes knowing that I'm looking at the camera. Would really feel better if I was talking to an actual person about this since I never confide like this. Don't even mind if it's some creepy stranger in the attic. \"All I'm trying to say is...\" How do I say this? How do I say it without sounding too obvious that I know that the doll isn't alive? \"...I...\" my eyes glance straight into the doll's eyes, \"I know what it's like to feel alone. And I know that there's a reason why I found my way here. Now, I finally have something to cope with. So...you can trust me. Okay?\" Please speak up. I feel my eyes water. I just...I just want company. \"Can I trust you?\" My voice breaks a little. Ah, fuck it. \"Just...\" I shrug, \"I just want you to realize that we've got each other. And you can tell me anything you need or want. I can help. Whatever it is you need, I'll try my best to provide.\" Silence. I stare at the doll's eyes, hoping the camera's recording in there. But a tear escapes my eye and I look away, stand from the seat and head over to the window. I sneer, \"I don't even know if you can see or hear-or even understand a word I'm saying.\" It's like I'm blindly hoping for a miracle...for a familiar stranger's company. And the loud music in the background somehow fades as I hear a voice again behind me. It overlaps the loud, classical, violin weeping, \"I can see you, Julie.\" I quickly turn around, hoping he's there. I approach the player and turn it off. I pause, \"I know.\" I hear myself utter as I scan the whole place. \"But I just hope I can see you.\" It's a wish. I never thought I'd wish for something like this. It's been a while since my last desperate wish, which was when my mother was struggling in her death bed. I shake my head trying to get her off my mind. If I do, I'd end up tearing up again. I just tucked Brahms in bed. We were kinda quiet and calm today. I chuckle a little by hearing myself mentally say \"we.\" My hands trace the ends of my book, pretending that I'm reading. Well, I am trying to, but my mind keeps wandering off. It always ends up with the little wish I said earlier this afternoon. Was it right? Was it too soon? He probably knows I know since I told him. What's bugging me is that I don't know what's gonna happen now. Did I push it too far? What if he's too pressured because I told him? No, no. He doesn't know that I know that there's more than just the doll. I mean, I could have meant that I knew he could see me through the doll, right? Oh, God. What do I say? I close the book and put it at the shelf near me, \"Hey.\" I say, \"I'm sorry if I wake you up, Brahms, but...\" I put my knees close to my chest, \"I hope you can hear me.\" Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it if I'm desperate. I am. And I wanna help. That's all I want. Company and to help him. \"I'm sorry if this feels like I'm pressuring you or anything, but I just wanna be honest. See, that's what I want us to do. I want us to be honest with each other. Like I always say, we're both in this together. I'll help you. I'd be more than willing to. So you can trust me, okay?\" Just show me who you are. I need answers and I'm getting real impatient. \"I just don't get why you can't see that yet, you know?\" I say casually, still in my seat, talking with a bit of exasperation in my tone. Because I really am. I'm somewhere between fed up and playing along. \"I've been here for weeks, following the rules. I mean, don't you think I deserve a bit of explanation as to how and why I'm doing this? I volunteered. And the least you can do is explain. That's all I'm asking.\" I wanna help too, okay, but mostly I just want answers, too. \"I want answers, Brahms.\" I sneer, \"It's unfair. I'm...\"I sneer again realizing, \"I'm willing to stay here and play along. But I want to know the truth. I want to know why I have to do these things. Don't you think it's a little unfair too that you have to cover up while I freely...well not exactly but...freely do anything in this house?\" I sigh and try to calm myself a little before I get pissed for no reason. But I can't help but feel so sad. Melancholy swallows me whole as I realize that I'm desperately asking for his company. \"I just want to know if you're really there. And if you are, at least tell me. Bit by bit.\" I wipe the single tear from my cheek. I realize I'm lonely. And it's weak. I hate it. But I can't stop my lips from trembling. I'm close to sobbing but I stop myself. I drop my face in my hands, covering it with my knees, \"At least as a friend.\" I stop myself from crying. I can't lose it. I look up again and lean on my hand, sniffling. I calm down a bit. \"I'll let you sleep now, okay?\" I stand up, approach the doll and look down. I sit by the bedside and lean my head against the wall and slowly drift to sleep.[Chapter 19] My eyes flutter open and I realize that I am sitting on the ground, a blanket over me. I look up, then to my right, and see the side of the bed. I stretch my body then turn and stand up, seeing the doll lying down on the bed. I look down at the blanket I'm holding now in my hand. He tucked me in. I feel my mouth form into a smile, then I glance at the doll, \"Good morning, Brahms.\" My eyes feel weird. It always feels weird after crying. I rub my eyes then remember that I have to wake the doll up. I take it and carry it out of the room, then take it with me in the bathroom. I lay him on the wardrobe top as I brush my teeth. I carry him downstairs and into the kitchen, still trying to completely wake myself up. I lay him on the dining chair and prepared the table for our breakfast session. Breakfast was good, and I tried my best to avoid thinking about my frustrations. \"Ready for your piano lessons?\" I ask with a light smile as I wash the dishes, glancing at the doll from time to time. After the dishes, I carry the doll in my arms and head out of the kitchen. I walk through the hallway and make my way into the living room then suddenly pause, I stop, staring at the living room. It's neat. How? When? I glance at the doll in my arms. \"Did...\" I lay him on the couch as I scan the living room, a little shocked about how neat the place is after having to walk by it looking like a mess. But now, it looks so neat. Almost like the first time I came in this house. Some books are settled on what seems to be a coffee table, and no ripped pages laid on the floor. The couches stayed where they originally were, and the table runner neatly draped. A loud ringing startles me which seems to be coming from an old telephone sitting on a table by the window. How come I never noticed that before? It keeps ringing until I finally realize that I'm awake and that I have to take the call, \"Hello?\" I quickly look behind me and realize the doll's gone. HOW IN HELL DID HE... I hear heavy breathing, my heart suddenly starts beating fast, \"H..Hello?\" Could it be? \"Did you...did you do this?\" \"Yes, Julie.\" It's a child-like tone of voice, he's still playing it. I respond nonetheless, \"Wow.\" I say under my breath, \"Why?\" I just had to ask. The voice becomes a little raspy due to the poor reception of signal, probably. Then later on, it came clear, \"I wanted you not to be sad anymore.\" I couldn't help it. I smiled-no I grinned hard. Is he serious? I let out a chuckle, and next thing I know, I'm laughing. \"Thank you...\" I hesitate a little bit, \"Brahms.\" The voice sounds like it came from a boy. I know that it's supposed to be Brahms. But it's kinda hard to imagine now that I have a feeling that it isn't the doll exactly. But I'll keep playing along. \"Thank you, Brahms.\" I repeat, but this time, I'm trying not to smile too much. \"That's really sweet of you. I guess, we have more time for book reading now that I have nothing else to do?\" I chuckle, and for the first time, he replies and it's as if I can almost hear the happiness in his voice, like a child ready to go outside and have fun, \"Okay, Julie!\" I don't resist, \"Brahms?\" I don't hear a reply but I continue, \"Where are you?\" There's silence. He isn't replying. Should I tell that I know? Am I really that desperate? Oh God, yes. I sigh. \"Brahms...I...\" he hangs up. I stare at the phone for a while, trying to figure out whatever that meant. Suddenly, I get startled by a faint laugh upstairs, I glance upstairs. He's not taking me seriously. I really want to see him. I step out of the shower, drying my hair with the towel. I hear a creak, as I'm staring at myself in the mirror. I stop what I'm doing. Should I go? Should I go and see? He trusts me by now, doesn't he? I quickly wrap the towel around me and rush outside of the bathroom. I run to my room and see that nothing's been touched. That's not right-I heard him. I heard something in here. Wow. He still doesn't trust me. \"Brahms?\" I call out, \"Where are you?\" I come inside his room and see the doll sitting on the bed, facing me. It's like he was expecting me. \"Did you know I was going to take a look?\" I sound so desperate. Slowly, I approach the doll, looking at it straight in the eye. I have my arms crossed against my chest, \"Did you?\" I shake my head in disbelief, \"It's been two days, Brahms.\" I turn, fix my towel, motioning to leave the room. \"It's been two days.\" I'm starting to get pissed. \"You haven't...done what you used to do.\" I glance at the doll, \"Come on, Brahms. I just...\" I take deep breath, \"I just wanna see you. Why can't you just show me? Is that part of the game? Because I-I'm not playing around anymore. Okay?\" I heave another deep breath, as if talking my feelings out requires so much energy, \"Show me how you do it.\" I challenge him. My arms stayed against my chest, I bite on my lower lip. I can't believe he still won't do it. I wait for a few more seconds, and nothing's happening. I'm already getting mad and desperate. I groan loud and storm out of the room. I head straight to mine, slam the door, and lock it.[Chapter 20] I lock the door and pace the floor. I can't take it anymore. I don't want to play along, but I know I have to. I groan in exasperation, keep walking around, trying to calm myself down. There's still helpless feeling inside of me, I feel like I just wanna fall down and whine. I feel so sad. I feel like I'm being treated like I'm stupid. Finally, I give up my anger and approach the door. Should I go out and go to the doll? Before I reach for the knob, I hear footsteps. Quietly, I kneel down near the door and sit on the floor, listening intently. It must be him. I sneer then shake my head, leaning against the door, no energy to come out and argue. \"So now you figured you'd come out.\" I hear the footsteps come closer, then it stops near the door, \"I'm sorry, Julie.\" It sounds like a young boy. Now I'm starting to question if the doll's really possessed and the guy's just there to make sure he's getting taken care of. I tilt my head thinking about my new theory. \"Just please take care of me.\" the boy says, \"And it'll all be all right.\" I don't respond. I don't feel like it anymore. I'm exhausted. He doesn't leave. It's as if he knows I won't come out to see him, or that if I do, he'd be quick enough to hide again. Making me feel like a crazy woman. \"You don't have to be afraid.\" There's silence. I don't respond at all, and I feel like he's waiting for me to do so. But I don't. I know that if I go out, he won't even be there. But...what if... The footsteps slowly start walking away from the door. \"No...\" I quickly scramble from the floor as I stand up on my feet, open the door, and run out to the hallway, \"Wait!\" I don't see anything, not even his shadow. \"Please don't go yet. I just want to see you.\" But he isn't there. And then, I realize something. \"Okay.\" I sigh, \"I understand if you don't really want to show yourself to me. I won't force you. But...\" I wrap my arms around me, feeling cold again, \"...I will give you a choice.\" There's silence in the hallway. I turn around looking for him. I have a feeling that this guy is probably just a few years older than me or maybe a little younger, so that means I can settle this the adult way. That's if he's willing to go with what I'm about to propose. \"I'm gonna ask you for the last time,\" I take a deep breath, rehearsing what I'm about to say in my head and finally, \"Quit playing around. I know that you know that you are completely different from...the doll.\" I hear nothing, \"I want to see you tomorrow night.\" Still nothing. I keep talking, \"Have dinner with me.\" I shrug, \"No pressure. It'll just be me, I'm harmless, I don't know if you can tell. Just please, show me yourself tomorrow night, and I'll stop whining. I'll never bother you again. I'll keep playing along if you want me to, just show me yourself, let me talk to you. Just so...Just so I know I'm not crazy.\" There's that desire in me that wants to know if I really am right about the guy living and hiding, or if the doll's alive. I just want proof. I want closure. Or..some company. It must be really lonely for him to keep hiding in the dark. \"And if you don't...well...I don't really know.\" I look down, \"I guess I'm gonna have to rethink things.\" There's no response. Asking this stranger to dinner might sound crazy, but I don't think that even matters anymore. \"Just that one night. We'll talk, and that's it. Okay?\" I stare at my bare feet, \"I'll go now and get dressed.\" I turn around and head back into my room. \"Good talk.\" I say before I step inside. And inside my head, it's as if I could hear the voice say yes to me. But I realize he never said anything. It's just the sound of my footsteps in my room. I'm just hoping for the best. I don't exactly know why I blew up like that, but I don't care anymore. I won't let him rot in the dark, while I enjoy the amenities of this mansion...alone. At least share it with the one who owns the doll, right? After all, it isn't mine. It's the least I can do. Oh how convenient it would be to have someone around. That's if...he does show up. I glance at myself in the mirror. I see a reflection of a woman in a towel, still drenched in shower water. I laugh at myself as I re-imagine my little speech outside wearing just this. No wonder I never get taken seriously. I glance at my wardrobe and take a random shirt, then put it on like how I normally do it. Well, well, well. What do you guys think? Is Brahms gonna show up? Or is he gonna ditch her? Imagine, imagine. ;) And tell me what you think about how things went![Chapter 21] I descend the stairs and head over to the dining room. I take some sheets and runners from the drawers. The pile sits in my arms as I make my way outside the house. I reach the sad, quiet lawn of the Heelshire's house. I start setting up a round table in the middle of the gazeebo, along with two chairs, and lay the white sheet on the table. I drape a runner on top then place a candle at the middle. My hand run along the top of the table, smoothing out the wrinkles, making sure everything looks nice. The dinner's tonight. I wasn't nervous at all, but the moment I realize that I might get a chance to see him...I get butterflies. I'm not so sure if it's the good kind or the bad kind of butterflies. But somehow, I feel okay. A smile creeps on my face, I feel okay. I'm okay. It's gonna be okay. I look up from the lawn and to the top window of the house, supposedly my room. Something inside me tells me that someone's in there, but I can't really see anything. The window's locked and covering most of my vision of my room. All I see is a reflection of the outside. But I have a feeling that there's someone. My attention is diverted to the loud crow who just passed by. I sigh and continue to make my way back in the house. My fingertips run over the seams of my dress, \"Finally gonna wear you, now.\" I smirk. Never thought I'd wear my favorite black dress for this reason. I have this weird sentimental mindset. It's just that clothes are amazing. They help a person express themselves, and also help them disguise themselves and turn themselves into something they aren't. It's all about identity, and it's also a need. I shake my head. I'm zoning out again. I go inside the shower now then close my eyes as I allow myself to savor the warm water pouring over me. Will he be there? I shake my head again. Stop. He'll show himself. He'll show himself. I pull all my hair in one hand and push them to one side as I stare at how the dress looks on me. The halter top fit my torso and hugs my curves, as well as the skirt. It's not too formal, not too casual. I turn around and reach for the door, hoping he'd show himself. \"Please.\" I mutter under my breath, my eyes closed. I light the candles and straighten out the runner on the table. I glance down at my dress, making sure I'm okay. Everything's okay. Why am I so nervous? Well, obviously, because I'm meeting up with a stranger. Am I nervous, though? Or am I excited? I sit on the chair, waiting for him. It's almost 8pm. I left a note in Brahm's room with the words \"meet me at eight at the gazebo\" so that's enough details for the first date. Enough effort, too. All of this feels weird, but it also...it also feels so right to finally clear things up. I glance at my silver wrist watch and see that it's 2 minutes to 8pm. I align the pasta-filled plates. I align the empty goblet glasses. I align the wine bottle next to the candles. Everything's good. Damn, it's been a while since I've dated someone. I never thought my next date would be a blind date. Funny how I never thought I'd be in this position a few weeks ago. Never thought my life would be this interesting. It's 8:15 pm. He's just probably getting the predate jitters. Like I am. But the difference is, I'm here, ready to take on whatever surprise is thrown at me. And he's probably hiding somewhere, probably in the attic or something. I tell myself to be patient. 8:16 pm. I'm gonna be patient. I eye the wine bottle. It's okay. He can take his time. 8:21 pm. I suddenly have the urge to look up the windows of the house. The lights are on. I kept them on so I could somehow see a silhouette of him walking down the stairs, and hopefully going over here. But there's no sign yet. I become aware of the sound the crickets are producing around me. I realize how dark it is around us, except the gazebo, where our table is. I purchased some Christmas lights from the store earlier today with some of my little money just to spice things up. I allowed the lights to dangle above and around the table, just to make everything bright this late at night. 8:29 pm. I've opened the bottle of wine and drank a bit. I only filled 1/5 of my glass or so. Just to waste some time waiting for him. I decide to stand up from the seat. My ass is aching. I chuckle. I walk away from the gazebo. It's dark out here, and it's cold. I suddenly feel one drop of water fall on my bare arm. I glance at my arm, then up the sky. Another drop falls on my face. It's starting to rain again. My face falls in my hands and I sigh then laugh. Did I really think he'd come? Whatever I asked for is clearly impossible. Did I really expect him to come over, reveal himself over dinner? Might as well show up with some flowers and chocolates then give me a peck on the cheek. I laugh at my own stupidity. No, idiocy. Because I am a complete idiot. I shake my head and turn around to go back to the gazebo to get my things and call it a night. But before I walk, I turn around and shout out to the universe, but really, at the house for him to hear \"You could've said no!\" I shake my head, \"A rejection would have been better.\" \"Instead of you making me wait for shit.\" I say a little lower than my voice. My eyes are glued to the windows, and it suddenly focuses on my room window. I see a figure of a man. It's him. It has to be him. That asshole. He just watched me look like an idiot. I blink once and realize he's gone. Oh he is definitely not going anywhere.[Chapter 22] Heya, just wanna say thank you for sticking around! These next few chappies are gonna be good. There's just one thing that bothers me: It's that I can't seem to VIEW the REVIEWS that you guys send. I guess I'm gonna have to wait for a few more days to read em. Anyhoo, enjoy the chapter! CRISTA As if it's my unlucky day, all at once, the rain pours down before I make it inside the house. I run towards the door and run back inside, almost drenched in the rain. It's okay , I tell myself mentally. I glance around the place and it's empty. I glare upstairs, take my wet watch off and drop everything on the table in my hands and storm upstairs and into the hallway. I stop myself from shouting his name or shouting at all. It would be immature and stupid. And probably will scare him. Once I reach the hallway, I pause for a second, staring at the huge painting. So much for trusting someone. I remember my stepfather. Another example of when I trusted someone and in the end get betrayed. My stepfather used to care about my mother. Sometimes, me too. I actually liked him. I trusted him. When I met him, I didn't like him. But he talked to me so well, spent time with me and my mother, that he actually got my trust. I don't easily trust people. And I knew I should not have trusted him because he ended up being a complete asshole. That's when I stopped caring. That's when my mother started getting sick, too. This is why I don't trust anyone anymore, I always get let down. But at the same time, that's what fascinates me. I easily trusted a stranger. So much for expectations. Maybe I get let down, too because I expected too much. I expected that he'd finally be the one to change our lives. Maybe he'd be the man my mother would count on. But he turned into a slob. He broke every promise he made when they got married. He gave up when I did. I expected so much from him as a new father. I expected that he would change mom and I in a good way. But he did change us, but for the worse. And now, it's as if I never learned. I expected too much from this stranger. I hate that I trusted him. I hate that I expected everything to go so well. What is wrong with me? My hands clench, but I stop myself from being mad. There's no point. I realize I shouldn't rush to my room, cos he probably won't be there anyway. It's either he's inside the attic or somewhere else. I shake my head and walk to my room in disappointment. Before I go inside my room I stop and turn around, \"You could have at least told me you didn't want to do it.\" I sigh, trying to stop my voice from breaking. I realize I'm getting too emotional from my own stupidity, \"I hope you didn't give me much hope.\" Randomly allowing me to see himself and shit? That's somehow giving me hope. If he didn't really wanna show himself, he wouldn't do that. It just proves he's hesitating. I don't know why. It's not like I'm a killer or something. \"I thought-\" I stop. I look down at my bare feet, \"I just hope you'd do this for me. As a friend.\" \"The least you can do is trust me, like I trust you.\" Silence. Okay then, I tell myself. I turn around and enter my room. I stop, remembering that I forgot my stuff downstairs from getting too pissed. I forgot my watch and my shoes downstairs. I groan in exhaustion, disappointment, and exasperation as I walk out of my room. There, I see a man standing. It's as if he was about take a step as well as I stepped out of my room. I caught him in action. And...he's standing just a few meters away from me.[Chapter 23] Hiya! I am so excited for these next few chapters. Let it all serve as a Christmas gift! Haha! As how Brahms and Julie have finally seen each other. Do you think they'll have a hard time dealing with this and he'll have to raise a hand on her or what? Let me knoooow! Oh, and Merry Christmas! CRISTA I don't know if he decided to show himself, or if he coincidentally was about to follow me. Whatever it is...\"Hi.\" I managed to speak up, \"It's you.\" He's blinking behind that mask. He's just staring at me. No answer. It's kind of weird to see him in front of me, not answering. So he really just stares at me. I wonder if this is what he does when I speak up too and he doesn't answer. I stand there, gazing at him. I'm aware of silence slowly enveloping the hall, my heart pounding, his heavy breathing under that mask, and the soft pouring rain. I try to speak up but I can't. I would rather stare at him to steal a few seconds just to observe his wholeness but I urge myself to speak because I don't want to freak him out. \"Look, I don't know who you are. And why you're doing this.\" I gulp, \"But I want you to know that I won't hurt you. So, you don't have to freak out.\" He stays still, but his eyes...I can see his eyes through the holes in his heavy mask, it's staring back at me. I don't avoid eye contact. I couldn't. I wanted more time to look at him but he speaks, making me look down at the mask where his mouth should be. His voice is soft, trying to sound like a young boy, \"Are you freaking out?\" he emphasizes 'freaking out' the way I said it. I gape at his question and quickly shake my head 'no', \"No, I'm not.\" I sigh, \"And it's okay...it's okay if you are .\" I nod once, \"It's okay to be scared.\" She knows my fear , Brahms says to himself in his head. I fear Julie will run away like the others. Brahms doesn't move but his clenched hand loosens the grip when Julie spoke sweetly. It calmed him down. Her tone, her voice, it reassured him that everything was fine. \"...let's just talk.\" She shrugs, almost shuddering in the cold temperature of the hall. Okay. How do I do this? Umm... \"I-\" \"Are you cold?' He suddenly speaks up again in that small boy voice. Why does he do that? \"I'm-yes, a little. But I'm fine.\" I realize that I'm still drenched in rain water. I shake my head, \"I'm okay, you don't have to worry. What I want right now is to be able to talk to you, if that's possible. But I mean, you're here already, anyway, so I don't see the point of not...talking.\" He's just staring at me. \"That's if...you'll talk to me in a normal way.\" He's quiet. \"Not that I'm saying you're not normal.\" His eyes look away from me, and downstairs. Okay shut the fuck up, Julie. Shut it. He's looking at you weirdly. \"Brahms.\" I say once again and I notice the guy glance right back at me, \"I just wanna talk...about Brahms. So...\" \"What do you want, Julie?\" he finally says, wonder in his voice. He sounds so much like a little boy. I start to rub my arms, feeling cold already, trying not to shiver. His head tilts a bit. \"I have so many questions and one of them is: Why? Why the doll? Why do I have to take care of the boy doll?\" I notice that he does not feel like answering. I say something before he does again, \"You can trust me. I'll try my best to understand. Just trust me.\" The guy starts to slowly walk towards me. I don't know what to do. I watch him and he passes right beside me, I am kept standing still. I follow him with my eyes, I turn around and notice that he stands next to the door pane of Brahms' room. He slowly pushes the door open revealing the doll sitting on the bed facing us outside. He lifts his hand and points at the doll. \"That's...that's the doll. Yes.\" I nod, \"That's Brahms.\" He slowly points his finger at himself, not looking away from me, \"Brahms.\" he starts, \"I am Brahms.\" I feel blood drench down my face. I feel my whole body heat up. I stiffen. I am Brahms. It can't be. Yet...it makes sense . OH MY FUCKING G-IT MAKES FUCKING SENSE. All this time the real Brahms was here? And he was watching me?! But why? And how? Why would he? Is there something wrong? I mentally slap myself, clearly he has issues. HE IS WEARING A MASK FOR GODSAKES. \"Y-\" I stutter but make sure I don't look scared, \"You're the real Brahms?\" He slowly nods at me. \"Wow.\" I suddenly say. Okay wrong word. \"Are you scared?\" he asks in a sweet, boyish voice. \"What?\" His voice changes this time. It's a little...grown up. \"Are you scared?\" He notices I zoned out a bit. Actually... \"No.\" I say in an as-a-matter-of-factly tone. I can't see his face, but somehow I can tell he did not expect that one. \"I'm not scared of you.\"[Chapter 24] Brahms slowly puts his hand down. I look up at him and slowly approach him, without breaking eye contact. \"You mean to tell me that you are the boy from the painting? You're a Heelshire?\" He nods slowly, looking right back at me. A loud thunder roars, and its lightning flashes through the window. I still don't break eye contact. I squint my eyes, \"Where did you come from?\" He doesn't reply. This is gonna take a while. \"Okay.\" I nod and turn around, rubbing my arms, realizing how freakin' cold it is. But I shake my head. I need answers, I can't give up and just say I'm going to take a warm shower. Ugh okay stop thinking about warm showers. \"Where did you come from? When I came in here the first day, you weren't around. No one else was in here. I shouted and waited. Unless...you were hiding?\" The guy-I mean-Brahms watches me pace the floor not too far from him. He just watches me as I try to figure everything out before asking him again, \"In the rules, I'm not allowed to go up the attic. Is that where you live?\" He shakes his head 'no.' Huh. Weird. \"Well, where?\" I could not wait anymore, \"And how do you see me? How can you watch what I do? How do you know that I do the right thing to the boy?\" I shake my head, \"The doll, I mean. Does it...\" I get inside the room and stand in front of the doll, \"Does it have cameras inside?\" I turn to see Brahms slowly enter the room. Supposedly his room. The real room of the real Brahms. Oh God. \"There are no cameras inside, Julie.\" Okay, I have to admit it's a little weird when I hear a young boy's voice coming from a tall, grown man. But...I don't know. I shrug it off mentally...especially the part where he looks really...really...grown. Chest hair is visible from his white, dirty shirt, and his cardigan is recklessly draped over him. His chest is almost overexposed. He's sweating, like I am except it's not obvious because I'm drenched in cold rain water. I shake my head. Focus, Julie. \"Then, how?\" I eye the figurines on the shelves at the other side of the bed. I walk all the way to the vinyl player, \"Is it hidden somewhere in here?\" I turn around and face him. Brahms, the real Brahms, slowly walks over to me. \"Why do you want to know?\" \"Because I deserve to know.\" I shrug, \"I just think that since you welcomed me in here, I should return the favor of letting you trust me. And I want to trust you, to keep doing whatever favor it is you need me to do, as long as you tell me everything. It's very important that you let me understand, Brahms.\" Silence. \"I have eyes on every wall.\" On every what? \"Wall?\" I repeat, \"You're telling me you can see me through the wall?\" He doesn't respond to that. He's probably trying to gather all the strength he has to say all this just as I am. But I think I'm gonna need lots and lots and lots of strength to let this all sink in because it's definitely not what I expected it to be. I mean, the guy turned out to be the actual Brahms ? Plus, he admitted that he spies on me? Through freakin' walls? He's probably really seen me naked. So I wasn't really paranoid. I actually felt eyes on me. Although...I was a little confident but...oh my God. Stop it, Julie. Oh my gosh. \"Okay, okay.\" I slowly sit on the bed, trying to calm myself down as well. I hold on the the bed post, \"Okay. Just-give me a second to take this all in, okay?\" I glance at him and think that he's probably thinking of how weird I am right now. Miss tell-me-everything-i-can-handle-shit is slowly withering and shaking after it all sunk into her brain. It's true. I'm kinda freakin out. But the thing is, it's not a bad freak out. It's not even about being shocked about it, but I feel...I feel... excited. Ecstatic. Interested. Curious. And most of all, worried about him. I look at Brahms, \"How long have you been watching me?\" I ask, \"How long have you known that I was here?\" He stares at me. \"Go on, don't be afraid to tell me.\" It takes him a little time. \"When you first came here, Julie.\" \"Okay.\" \"Are you afraid of me, Julie?\" Why does he keep asking? What reason do I have even to be afraid of him? It's not like he's a killer? He's just a guy who needs to be taken care of immediately. Completely harmless. \"No, Brahms.\" I pause, \"I can call you Brahms, right?\" Plus I don't get why he still have to act like a kid. Should I treat him like a...kid? I feel a little awkward talking to him while he keeps his distance from me. I won't hurt him anyway. I don't know what he's afraid of. While I'm here, I wanna be his company. I don't know what I'm supposed to do now, but my main goal right now is to find answers. Then, I decide what the hell I'm going to do. He nods his head slowly, and I know he's staring at me while I try not to stare at him. I don't want him to think that I'm so freaked out. I don't want him to be scared and to feel uncomfortable in his own house.[Chapter 25] I need to get my shit straight and have to get answers. But I can't just ask him why he acts like a kid? What if it's his coping mechanism? Oh God, I sure wish I knew how to deal with this right now. I feel so stuck. I don't know what to say. \"Alright, I just want you to know that I am slowly trying to take this all in. But you should also know that it's okay. You're not freaking me out. It's just things like these does not usually happen, and I just usually get this kind of thrilling emotions pump through my veins when I watch my favorite horror movies,\" I managed to chuckle and then stop when I see that he's not amused by any of this as well. I clear my throat, \"But yeah, it's okay. Just give me a second to take it all in.\" There is silence in the room. \"How long have you coped with the...\" I tilt my head a bit, \"doll?\" He doesn't answer. That'll take some time, then. \"Okay how about this?\" I sigh, \"I will ask you questions, and if there are questions you are not ready to answer yet, you don't have to say anything. But...you have to promise me that if I ask a certain question that you have an answer to, and you have to be honest about it, you have to tell me. If it's an answer to a really easy question. Like, 'how old are you' and stuff like that. So if you have a gut feeling to answer something, say something. But if you really can't, you don't have to.\" I nod once, \"Okay?\" He's a little late, but he nods once. I'm just glad this is working. I guess I kinda have to treat him like a teenage boy. I sure hope he is a teen somewhere in there...and just hit puberty really early. \"So, Brahms?\" I start, \"Where are your parents?\" I stand up from the bed quickly when I realize I might drench it with water from my clothes. \"Dead.\" he says faintly but with sureness in his voice, \"They left me. Now they're dead.\" I'm not quite sure I am getting the context of that. I should probably not push any further. \"I'm so sorry to hear that.\" No response. \"You don't have any other family? Like uncles? Or maybe a babysitter before me?\" \"They left.\" he said again. Oh, God. Don't tell me they all gave up on him. I suddenly feel bad for him. \"When?\" \"Long time ago.\" Should I ask why? \"How did you manage to survive alone, here?\" \"I wait. I was alone, but I waited. And Julie came by to care for me.\" Yes, he refers to the doll as himself. \"How long did you have to wait?\" He doesn't reply. Probably a long, long time. \"How old are you?\" Takes him some time. \"Twenty nine.\" I feel embarrassment. He's...in his late twenties...damn. I feel a weird gut feeling. It's not that I find it weird, but it's all sort of emotions draining down to my stomach, making me feel things. He's 29 years old and his coping mechanism is to become a young boy. I still don't get why. But for now, I guess this is all the information I have to take in. It's too much for him to say, and too much for me to take tonight. I look at the doll. I glance at him and see that we're just a few steps away from each other. For some reason, I wanna get a closer look. But I also want to keep my distance. I glance at the doll, and I feel him glance at it, too. I pause then look back at him. He's still looking at the doll. \"Brahms?\" I speak up and he looks at me, He doesn't say a word. \"Do you still need me to attend to the doll?\" I mean now that I know that it's not the doll who needs care, he should probably agree. \"I guess this means we can put the doll aside now, huh?\" He snaps his head at me as if he did not like what I said. \"Follow the rules.\" He says, \"You must always follow the rules.\" I hear his tone get a little higher. Okay, maybe I should deal with that soon, but not now. \"Okay, Okay\" My hands are raised, trying to calm him down, and I nod at him gently. \"I'll keep following the rules. All I'm saying is...maybe I don't have to babysit the doll?\" He gets what I'm saying, right? Brahms doesn't say anything again. \"Are you getting rid-\" I knew he was thinking about that, I quickly interrupt him, \"I am just saying...\" I emphasize the word 'just', making sure he hears me out, \"Maybe it would be better if it would be you that I'll take care of.\"[Chapter 26] My new theory here is that he's had this coping mechanism going on since his parents left and died. That's the story I'm gonna hold onto for now. At the mean time, my current goal is to take care of him...if he allows me. For the first time, I have prepared a big meal for two people. I carefully twirl the pasta around a serving fork and put it down the elongated platter. I pour white sauce all over it and garnish it with some rosemary. I'm just glad that I've managed to do the groceries today without it being such an issue. He stared at me before I reached for the knob. I stared back and smiled warmly before telling him that I'll be back. He did not say anything and let me leave the house. I took my time in the grocery store. Mostly because I was trying to figure out whether to buy pasta or meat. I had no idea what to cook for someone who have not been eating a proper meal for the past few days. After contemplating, frustrated, I bought pounds of meat and a few pasta and pasta sauce. On the way back, I bought some pastries in case he wanted some. I was unsure of what he preferred to eat and wanted to make sure that he had enough choices. The thought of Brahms' satisfaction somehow satisfies me as well. His convenience makes me think as if I am doing something right. When I arrived home, he was nowhere to be found...and still is. I place the platter on the table beside the roast beef. I glance at the plates and feel a little bit more confident. \"Brahms?\" I shout, \"Dinner's ready.\" I stand beside my chair, waiting for him. Seconds later, I get a little impatient and walk through the hallway and start to wonder where in the world Brahms have gone off to. What if he can't hear me? What if he's in the house where he stays? Wherever that is. It must be somewhere far that's why it's taking him so long. I scan the room for any kind of movement, but I walk back in the dining room and suddenly find a figure sitting at the dining area. \"-Oh,\" Damn he almost gave me a heart attack. \"Hey, glad you're here. I was looking for you-\" I pointed behind me and realize that his hand is on the table, while the other is holding a fork. \"Well, go on.\" I say nicely as I approach the table slowly, watching him at the same time. I don't want to freak him out. I move gently, gesturing that I'm about to pull my seat and sit next to him. \"Oh yeah,\" I mutter as I go to the counter instead and place a glass of water and juice near his plate. Then I take my glass of water and lean against the counter close to his seat, \"I cooked them myself.\" I say proudly. Brahms is just looking at me. We're both quiet for a few seconds. It's not awkward, but unnerving because I really want him to feel comfortable. I wish he would take off his mask. \"Go ahead.\" He looks at his plate, twirls pasta around his fork but does not lift it to his mouth. I hear him breathing under that seemingly-heavy mask as he looks up at me. \"Oh.\" I pause, \"Oh shit. Yeah.\" I take my glass of juice with me and leave the room. \"Just tell me what you think.\" I head into the kitchen and lean against the wall. I shut my eyes and cringe at myself. God. \"Umm, brahms?\" I shout across the room as I sit on the counter, a glass in hand. \"I hope you haven't forgotten, we still have to discuss a lot of things.\" I hear faint sounds coming from the dining area and think that he's probably chomping on the meal. I smile a little imagining him eating well and a lot. \"I mean we can discuss that later. Not now.\" I almost finish my drink. \"I hope the beef tastes alright? It's my first time roasting beef on a pan.\" I chuckle. No response. I guess silence in the dining area is a good sign? I start to just imagine Brahms enjoying the full platter of pasta as I refill my glass. \"I'm coming in now, okay?\" I walk inside the dining area and find him looking back at me. The mask is still on his face as if it was never taken off. His plate is wiped clean, even the platter of pasta. There are a few slices of beef left on the other platter. This sight makes me smile. No, it makes me grin. I realize I'm grinning, eyeing the table, then I look at him. \"Did you like it?\" He nodded. This makes me chuckle. I approached the table excitedly and I notice him flinch a little bit. This reminds me to move a little more gentle. I am so used to moving around too wide and too much, but in this case, I have to learn to move a little more careful. Like what my mother used to tell me. \"You finished the pasta.\" I stated. \"I'm glad you got to eat a lot.\" I stare at him with a warm smile as he looks down at his plate. I start to take the empty plates. \"I'll just clean this up.\" I take them in my hands and turn to head into the kitchen with a grin.[Chapter 27] Hello, The Boy Fanfic readers! Just want to apologize for a long-ass delay. But I am officially back. Sorry it took me a while, like the usual, I'm trying not to rush the story so it would flow naturally. I don't want to end up offering you guys a shitty fanfiction-so that's why it's taking me some time. But here is the new update! This...is just...the beginning of everything. C. A. I enter the room and find him for the first time just standing there, his back facing me. I observe his whole body, his shoulders, his shape. He's probably just a two inches or so taller than I am-but he seems so towering compared to me. He slowly turns to face me, allowing me to see his porcelain mask. I wonder what he looks like under that heavy mask. Before I could even stop myself, I ask, \"Why do you wear that mask?\" Brahms does not answer. I did not expect him to, anyway. It's just a staring contest for the past five seconds-and it was a long five seconds. I shake my head and clear my throat, \"You can go ahead upstairs. I'll clean up.\" One day, maybe if I can get him to trust me, I'll get the answers I need. But for now, all I have to cope with is the silence. \"Good night.\" He doesn't turn away. I slowly turn around but he calls my name. I glance at him, in the same stance. Brahms doesn't say anything, while we stand there in a few seconds of silence. I'm trying to make out what he wants. I see him glance at his bed. Oh shit. Right. That. \"You're going to bed, right?\" I ask him, trying to validate if what he wants is what I had in mind. \"Do you wanna sleep here tonight?\" He doesn't answer but he steps to his right and I suddenly realize that the doll's been sitting on the chair behind him. Brahms looks at me again. I thought he would agree that we'd get rid of the doll. I guess not tonight. Not now. \"Okay.\" I say and approach the doll. As I approach it closer, he steps away, as if watching us both like he always does from the walls. I suddenly have the urge to ask him again but I let it go for now. I lay the doll on the bed, under the covers, and kiss it good night. I glance at Brahms, still standing and watching. \"What about you?\" the question slips out of my tongue. Brahms walks out of the room without a word. I'm still standing here, thinking if I should follow or not. Finally, I got myself to walk out of the room, but was too late. He's gone in the hallway. He's nowhere to be found again. It's as if he's a ghost, watching over this doll. When will I ever get to take care of the real Brahms instead of this lifeless doll? Breakfast time, and he isn't here. It's been days since we've done the same routine. He'd appear once in a while. I have to say I'm disappointed. I actually thought he would start to come out of his shell and be more interactive. I snicker, thinking that I'm being ridiculous. But that thought would have been so nice. I doubt myself. Am I not trustworthy enough? Last night was the same as all the others. He would appear before bedtime just to watch me and the doll closely, and I'd kiss the doll good night like the usual. It's a routine. A routine I want to break. Since I found out the doll was basically a representation of him, I'd rather put it somewhere safe. But turn to Brahms and take care of him instead. It's a practical move, I tell myself. And it's true. If he's here anyway all the time to watch, why can't he just be what he hopes to be? If I'm expected to babysit the Brahms doll, why won't I just do it to the real Brahms? So many questions, I shut my eyes and lean my head on the dining table. I rest my eyes for a while, realizing that I'm tired. I've done so much today. I had to do the doll's laundry, ran to the grocery store, dusted the rooms, and cooked food for three. I keep my eyes close, almost drifting to sleep until- \"Julie.\" My eyes open wide and I jolt up from the table, knocking the cup of coffee on the table. I look around and I don't see anyone. Even unconsciously, he's in my head. I see the coffee spilled all over me. I need to take a shower. I allow the water to freely shower over my back, my eyes closed, just completely enjoying the feeling of relief. It's as if I don't want to get out of the shower anymore. I realize I've been in here for a few minutes, but I don't let it bother me. I rub my arms gently, enjoying the water over me. I lean against the wall, rinsing off the remaining soap on my body then finally turn the knob around. My arms reach out, copping for my towel. Shit. Spur of the moment. I was so focused on taking a shower when that coffee spilled on me, I forgot my fucking towel. I pull the shower curtain away and step out. Looks like I'm gonna have to run off quick into my room. No worries. It's not like there's a man in the house that's-awkwardly enough-not talking to me, and if he sees me naked, it's not like it's gonna make things awkward enough! I stare at my reflection in the mirror. Stupid me. Stupid me. Stupid me. I take a deep breath. I open the door a little just to peek if the coast is clear. Luckily, it always is. I take one more deep breath. I scan the whole bathroom again just to figure out if there's really not one towel in the room. Then I see my dry, dirty clothes on the floor. \"Wait a sec,\" I say to myself. Perfect. I'll just wear that. I laugh at my short-timed stupidity and grab my clothes on the floor. Before I could put them on again there's a rapping on the door and it almost makes me jump in surprise. I completely forgot to close the door again, leaving it open a crack earlier when I peeked-the hard knocking pushes the door open and reveals a ragged Brahms standing. I automatically cover myself with my clothes-\"Oh God-Brahms!\" We both stare at each other. He's looking intently at me. I feel so naked. I feel...weird. \"Umm...what is it you wanted?\" I asked trying to hide my surprise, hoping that his child-like coping mechanism syncs with the way he thinks and that is to innocently not picture me naked. Or... \"You were supposed to take me to bed.\" His voice sounded a little lower, lower than the voice he usually makes to sound like a child. I feel tingly. I feel weird even more. I can't tell why or what or whatever. \"Right,\" I say, \"I'll get back to you on that one. I'll just...put some clothes on, okay?\" He turns his head to the side, pauses, Says \"Okay\" in a more different tone than before, then leaves. I sigh in utter relief and run to the door, slowly closing it. I lean my back against it, still clutching my dirty laundry against my chest and hips. I feel my toes and hands clench. I realize I'm staring on the floor. I shake my head and start getting dressed.[Chapter 28] I enter his room. He's standing right in front of the doll. \"Hey.\" I try to push off the image of me standing naked in front of him earlier. I try to act natural, as if nothing happened. Suddenly, I have the urge to ask him something I've been wondering about. It just slips out of my mouth. \"Do you wanna sleep here?\" Brahms slowly turns to look at me. \"I mean...you know you can. This is your room, anyway.\" I don't know why I have so much guts tonight. It might be adrenaline rush or me being nervous that's making me say things but... He looks at me and nods once. He wants me to put him to bed. The child-like coping mechanism's still there. Might as well do so. That's my job here, anyway. No time to hesitate, I tell myself and just approach his bedside and take the covers. \"Come, now.\" I say, doing what I'm supposed to, acting a role I'm expected of. This is it. We're taking a step by step move. It's been days since he's been watching me care for that doll. It's about time we ditch the doll? Brahms slowly approaches the opposite side of the bed, still looking at me in the eye. It's like he's watching me watch him. I wonder what goes on in his head. Is he cautious? Is he doubtful? Is he scared of me? I wait for him until he finally lays on the bed. For the first time, he breaks eye contact. I kinda feel a little relieved. I slowly put the covers over him carefully. This is the first time I've gotten so much closer to him. I feel my heart pounding so much but I manage to not act like I'm nervous. I don't want him to freak out because I'm freaking out. I'm not. I'm not freaking out. \"Good night.\" I say again with a little pause. Out of nowhere, I remember the last rule when taking the doll to bed. I question myself if I'm still supposed to follow that. \"I-if you need anything...I'll be at the other room.\" I say quietly, still staring down at this man lying on the bed. I glance at his mask and slowly look away. I turn around and out of nowhere, he grips my wrist. For the first time, I feel his warmth on my skin. He grasps my wrist tightly making me glance right back at him. The eye contact is back-and it's intense. I feel the tension. I feel the heat between us. Some kind of energy. We're staring at each other. \"Kiss.\" he says. Fuck. This is it. I knew this was going to happen. I...Should I... My whole body is shivering, but I feel myself following my mind...no...my heart...it's beating fast. I slowly and gently try to release myself from his grip as I turn to face him, still lying there, staring back at me. He loosens his grip which allows me to lay my palm on his wrist, almost gesturing him to put it down on the bed-telling him to relax. I'm doing all this as I lean down. My eyes unable to break eye contact. I'm screaming at myself inside my head right now. What am I doing? Why does this feel okay? What the hell. Who the hell says this isn't right? Why does it matter if there's just two of you, alone, in the universe. Am I under a spell or something? Brahms watches me watch him as I lean closer. I hesitate a little, not knowing where I'm supposed to plant the kiss. But I go in for the lips of the mask. I close my eyes and peck the mask lightly. I pause. This is strange...but good. There's something mysterious about him that I can't help but...love. Whatever this is I'm doing...I love it. I feel like I'm finally doing something strange, something new, something different-and no one out there will judge me. It's just us. I kiss the mask again. But this time, my eyes are open and I realize he's looking at me, still, not moving. It's as if he's surprised of what I'm doing. Fuck. What the fuck am I doing?! I stand back quick and cover my mouth. Brahms sits up quick, \"Brahms. I'm sorry-I'm sorry if I scared you.\" I completely forgot about the possibility that Brahms has a mind of a child. I'M MAKING OUT WITH A CHILD. I shake my head, \"I'm so sorry. Please don't be scared.\" I turn away from him, desperate to hide the redness of my face and my embarrassment. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Julie.\" His voice is soft...but it sounds more mature. I look at him. \"Brahms.\" I cross my arms on my chest, \"Go to bed, okay?\" I slowly walk away and leave the room fast. Jesus, what did I do. She kissed me. Julie kissed me. It felt so wonderful. I could hear her breath on my mask, I could feel the weight, too. She pulled away and just when I was going to pull her, she kissed me again. She kissed me two times. She kissed me twice. Julie kissed me twice. I can't stop staring at her lips. She looks beautiful even when sleeping. Her lips look beautiful when parted. Her lips feel wonderful. I wonder how it tastes...how it feels on my lips. I put my fingertips on my lips, still watching her. Julie will wake up. When she does, she'll kiss me again. But she said sorry. She was scared. But I will make her kiss me again. I need her lips. I need her breath. I need Julie's lips on mine. Julie moves partially on the bed. Her tongue licks her lower lip. My eyes have been darted on her for an hour now. Time must move faster. I need to see her awake, lively, so I can watch as she speaks to me with those luscious lips. I need it. I need her.[Chapter 29] My eyes flutter open, and I see my door open. I look for my phone under my pillow to look at the time. My phone reminds me to charge it but I ignore it and put it back under my pillow. 7 AM, and I'm up already. The image hits me. I lay in bed for a little longer, pondering on what I just did last night. I land my palm on my face and cringe at myself. Why did I even do that? Damn it, Julie. He may look like a thirty year old man but he still has a heart of a child. You can't go kissing around people. YOU CAN'T GO KISSING AROUND PEOPLE'S MASKS. I sit up and put my face in my hands. I wonder what he thought? Does he have any idea at all? Or is he puzzled? Do I even ask him about it? Oh, God. He's not like most boys, Julie. Stop being stupid. \"Okay...\" I try to calm myself and head my way to the hallway. I observe if he's somewhere in the hall, I stay quiet, waiting for footsteps or any kind of sound that might come from him. But the house is dead quiet. For some reason...I need to see him. I'm nervous because of what I've done but...I want to see him at least. \"Brahms?\" I shout across the hallway, hoping he'd appear somewhere. I enter his room, he's not there. I was kinda hoping he'd be, though. For once maybe he'd sleep like a normal human being and still be in bed like the lazy fudge I am. I look at the doll, still placed on the chair inside his room. I look at it long enough to remember that maybe it's time to put it away. I carry it in my arms. \"Brahms?\" I shout from his room and walk out. I head to the end of the hallway and open a huge, empty glass cabinet. I make the doll sit up inside, fix its clothes, and shut the glass door. I descend the stairs, walk around and finally spot him near the bookshelves. He's reading. Well, this is new. \"Hey.\" I say, he's still looking at the book, ignoring me. But then, he looks right at me, closes it and holds it out, gesturing for me to take it. I approach him slowly, not breaking eye contact. I crack a warm smile before glancing down at the book in his hand. It's my book. I take it and examine the book itself. It looks different. It's dusty and the pages are a little crisp. I realize it isn't mine. \"You have one, too?\" I ask, and he nods right away. \"Do you like it?\" He doesn't respond. I sigh in disbelief. \"You know you could at least tell me a little something. I'm just saying...I've been here for a really long time and not getting to talk to anyone really is boring the hell out of me.\" I roll my eyes and lowkey turn away from him with a bitch face. I place the book on an end table, \"I finished it long ago.\" His hoarse voice sends goosebumps straight down my whole body and stops me from walking away. I look at him slowly, \"Oh.\" \"So when I read you the story, you knew it already?\" \"Yes.\" I nod, looking at my feet. Then I look at him. \"Did you...like my story telling?\" I joked. He just looked at me. Now I wish I never pushed him to talk to me. I feel stupid. \"It was quite decent.\" He suddenly says. \"Decent?\" I chuckle, \"Thanks, anyway.\" We both stay quiet. This is probably the longest conversation we've ever had...plus he sounds...masculine for some weird reason. \"I didn't know you read?\" He doesn't respond, \"I mean...I didn't know you liked reading.\" Brahms turns away and looks like he's about to leave me hanging. \"Brahms, wait.\" He looks at me. \"I put the doll inside the glass cabinet.\" Here we go. \"But I want you to know that this doesn't mean anything negative.\" He's silent and not throwing a fit. I guess it's a good sign? \"I just thought that it's about time that we put the doll aside, you know, somewhere safe. So there's space for me to take care of something else.\" I play with my fingers, realizing I look too unsure and nervous. I stop and look straight at him, at least letting him feel that I know what I'm doing. Authority might at least get him to agree with me since he still has a child-like mind. \"And that's...you.\" I try to stop myself from talking but I can't anymore, \"And you don't have to worry. I'll still do the rules you want me to. I'll do all of that. The only difference is..I'll do it with you.\" Silence. Just a little more push. \"Do you hear me?\" He nods. \"Do you understand me?\" He nods again. \"Do you want some breakfast?\" Brahms' eyes seem like they're lit up. I don't know if he's smiling or what under that mask but I'm just happy. I'm stuck in the moment right now. I feel good with the fact that I got to have a conversation with him. This should be good.[Chapter 30] I re-enter the dining room and his plate's clean. He has the mask on. \"Did you like the meal?\" I ask with a warm smile. He nods once. \"That's good. I'll just clean this up. I'll meet you in a little while for the piano lessons.\" My hands reach for his plate as I stand close to him. I feel that energy again. The tension I felt when I kissed him that night. I can't help but steal a glance at him when I take his plate. I could hear him breathing heavy. I smile a little as I finally have the plate in my hands, I look away and leave. Finally inside the kitchen, I place the plate in the sink and lean on the counter. I sigh. What am I on? Days ago I'm concerned about some kid and now I find myself feeling things for a man-child. What the hell is wrong with me? I shake my head, telling myself that I can't take advantage of the situation. It's stupid. It's stupid. And strange. I stop what I'm doing and walk to the arch of the kitchen, trying to peek at Brahms who's already sitting in front of the piano. I see his features. His shoulders slumped, like man relaxed in his own room. He's looking at the piece on the piano. Brahms lays a finger on one of the keys but he doesn't press it. I quickly head back to the sink to finish my duties. \"Did you try to learn anything while I'm gone?\" I say as I approach Brahms in front of the piano. He doesn't reply. Should I even sit beside him. It would probably be weird. I feel like I've been trying to get close to him all fucking day. I need to calm down. But I can't help it. My mind tells me to stay and keep a distance, but there's a part inside me that says I should sit beside him. It's just a piano lesson? I walk closer to him and before I could sit beside him, he starts playing. I stay still. He's playing the piano. His hands caressing the ivory keys, as if he's done this a million times. The melody sounds beautiful. It sounds both sad and soothing. After what seems to be a verse, the chorus comes in. It sounds familiar. I can't help but smile. It's what I was supposed to teach him..err...the doll Brahms. He kept playing. I close my eyes, enjoying the melody. I feel ecstatic. I feel my heart pounding. I've never felt so relieved in this house with a man I've never met before. He finishes the chorus. My eyes are still closed, my lips curved into a smile. \"I learned that from you.\" He says with such a calm, mature voice. I open my eyes. \"I was never that good to teach you anything. Yet you played it so well.\" I respond warmly, \"That was beautiful, Brahms.\" He turns his head a little at my direction without looking straight at me. Then, he looks away and scoots a little over to his right on the chair. \"You should teach me now.\" \"Oh.\" I snap out of my own thoughts, \"Right. Okay.\" I slowly approach him. I look at the chair he's sitting on. I should probably sit beside him. It wouldn't mean anything, right? I sit beside him. The tension grew stronger. I feel it in my whole body. It's as if my body knows how close his body is next to mine without even seeing it. It's some kind of energy. \"Let's begin.\" I manage to speak out and begin the lesson.[Chapter 31] The house feels shrouded in dust. It seems I need to do some cleaning since I've been wheezing for the past few days, and hearing Brahms' adorable sneeze from a distance is enough to push me to reach for the duster. I start with the the shelves in the living room and wipe the books one by one. I see Brahms appear from my peripheral vision making me turn to look at the guy staring at me, \"Hey\" I smile at him, Brahms scans the living room, keeps his eyes on the shelves I have already wiped and tidied up. \"I put them all back where I found them, don't worry,\" I smirk, \"But it's gonna take me a while to finish. Also,\" I continue wiping the book in my hand, \"You should probably stay somewhere else if you don't wanna get sick.\" \"Get sick,\" I hear him say making me look glance at him again. I can feel he's trying so hard not to talk like a little boy like how he was used to. I can tell he's reading me as I read him, \"Yes, sick. Like get coughs or the sneezing because it's been a while since I cleaned the whole place. And you don't want that.\" Brahms walks closer to me, \"The molds,\" he says, My eyebrows furrow, \"Molds?\" \"The molds are the cause of allergies,\" he says and pulls a flat book from the shelf in front of me. I feel his arm brush against mine for a split second, then he hands the book over to me. It's a medical book about medications and allergies. My eyes squint at the book, then at Brahms. He read this? \"It is imprinted on the book.\" \"Oh.\" I flip the book open and scan the table of contents, locate the dust allergy chapter and find that mister quiet here actually know what the heck he's talking about and has knowledge from the books in this house. And I thought these were left to rot. I glance at Brahms who is halfway out of the room, \"You read a lot of these? That's amazing.\" Brahms stops walking, glances at me for a second, then leaves. I bring the book with me and follow Brahms out of the room. Now that he's voluntarily speaking to me, might as well take advantage of the moment. \"So you really read the books in the house, huh?\" I try to keep up with him. He notices me catching up and he stops walking in the hallway. He turns his head to me and nods once. \"You like reading?\" He stares at me. \"I'll make sure I read a lot about the allergy thing to prevent it from happening to us.\" He nods. He can't stop talking to me now. This can't happen. \"Do you wanna help me clean?\" I ask all of a sudden. Real smooth, Julie. He stares at me for a long time. I hold the duster up and flash a grin, \"You get to do the dusting!\" The hallway is quiet and I try not to laugh at the situation we're both in. I try to read his eyes at least through his porcelain mask, but I can't. It's difficult. But I feel something, though. Some kind of energy between us. I nod at him once and slowly hand him the duster. He flinches a little, I notice it, and I know he noticed me noticing. I look at his hand then at his eyes. It's nice to get to see him a little closer. It's a little stranger getting a closer look. I see beads of sweat on a little part of his exposed chest, I hear him breathing, I see his eyes a little. I feel my mouth slowly quirk up into an uncontrollable smile. I bite my lower lip as I look down at his hand and try to reach for it. I carefully watch his reaction as my hand nears his. He doesn't move yet until the last second. He allows my hand to hold his as I put the duster's handle in his hand. I look up at him and smile wider. I pause a little, mentally congratulating myself for facing my small fear. I chuckle, \"Let's get dusting!\" The energy I felt between Brahms and I was stronger. Every time I try to get closer to him, the tension just increases. I am not sure if it's just me feeling it, but I feel kinda stupid for freaking myself out. The freaky thing is...it's not a bad kind of tension or energy, though, it's actually...good. I glance at Brahms gently dusting the shelves at the hallway. We've finished the living room and we're finally at the hallway. I wipe the wall lamps and quietly chuckle at the sight I'm seeing. For some weird reason, this guy looks oddly cute. He's standing ever so poorly, with this arm gently, but firmly, dusting the corners and then the cabinets. I keep watching him until I could not control my quiet sniggering. He snaps his head to look at me and I cover my mouth. I look at Brahms who completely stopped what he's doing. \"Sorry,\" I say, \"Continue.\" I slowly walk closer to his direction and smile sweetly making sure he doesn't feel humiliated or anything, \"You're doing a great job.\" whisper and then walk to the other side. I feel Brahms watch me from behind as I start wiping at the lamp at the other corner. This is probably the strangest-but-practical-and-productive thing we've ever done. I slowly drag my eyes from the floor and to where he's standing. He's looking at me, too. I pause a little. I realize I'm smiling until I look away again and continue wiping whatever the hell it is in front of me until I realize I'm rubbing on the painting. I gasp and completely stop, \"Oh my God-\" I turn to him and apologize for potentially ruining what used to be worth a billion dollars. As I panic, looking at the rug I used to rub on the painting, I hear a light snicker at my side. I look at Brahms and see him chuckle one last time. He isn't looking at me but he could tell I looked at him. Why does he keep avoiding human contact? He's laughing at me-and hell, I'm actually honored. But at least don't stop! \"Sorry,\" I say. He looks at me once and continues dusting as if nothing happened. I ruined his laughing moment. Awesome. Ugh. I drag my eyes back to where I'm cleaning in shame and try to wipe my shame away. I look somewhere else and end up seeing the door against the ceiling. The attic. That's probably the next thing to clean. I look at Brahms, \"Hey, wanna help me clean up the attic?\" This time, Brahms completely stops cleaning and turns his head quick at me. He's standing a few feet away from me, yet I feel the tension rise. And it's not the 'good' kind.[Chapter 32] \"The attic is prohibited.\" Brahms tells me. His child-like voice is gone. I pause, unable to come up with a quick response. Lost for words, I stutter an \"I know.\" Brahms keeps his eyes on me behind that mask that does not help at all in this situation. I'm completely under pressure. \"I know that, Brahms,\" I continue, finally decided on what to say, \"But since I know about everything now, I don't see a reason why you have to keep that from me? I know you're here, I know that doll isn't really haunted, and I know for sure that there's nothing else living in this house.\" I try my best to keep quiet or else I'm just putting him on the edge of having another tantrum but I could not help it, \"Or is there...something dead in there?\" Brahms' fingers flinch on the duster's handle. Is that a yes? Suddenly, I remember everything I've seen in that attic. The album and the photos of the child, the newspapers about the dead girl and a fire-it all adds up and definitely points out to Brahms. But I don't know the details. I need the details. And if I'll be here for a long time, I'm gonna need the truth. \"Is there?\" I ask him again, Brahms does not flinch at all, \"If there was, what would you do?\" his child-like voice is back, I snap at his response, \"Brahms, please. I need to know. I'm asking you a decent question: Is there a dead body up there?\" I point at the attic door, Brahms takes a step closer, making a creak that echoes through the hall, \"And I'm asking you again,\" he pauses, only making me nervous with the tone of his voice, \"What would you do?\" I make sure I don't keep my eyes away from his, but it gets harder to keep eye contact since he is one step closer to me. I realize I am looking up at his towering figure, \"Brahms,\" I try to speak calmly, \"Please.\" He does not speak again, \"You can trust me. I don't see the point of hiding this from me. I know everything now-\" \"Do you, Julie?\" Brahms mentioning my name sends shiver down my spine but I do not let it stop me, \"I know about the girl.\" I keep my eyes on his through that porcelain mask. He can hide certain things about me but he can't hide everything. Brahms does not say anything. For the first time he's conversed longer than before and this might cut that off-but I don't care anymore. I need to know the truth today. \"I know about the fire. I know about the girl.\" I say again and he does not flinch, but I hear a light sneer. We stare at each other for a few seconds. I don't know his next move, but I'm pretty sure he won't harm me. I feel it. I feel his energy. That strong tension I get from Brahms is ridiculously fervid. \"So...\" I start again, \"You might as well tell me everything.\" Brahms looks away, and walks past by me. He stops before the attic door and pulls it open. He stands beside the ladder and glances at me. That easy? I slowly walk towards him and stare at the black void in the attic. I mentally ask myself if I asked for the right thing. I try to settle the tension between us, \"You should come with me.\" I say, \"If you don't trust me on my own up there, come with me.\" I turn away and ascend to the attic. My eyes try to adjust to the dark as I turn the single light bulb in the room on. I look behind me and see Brahms clamber upstairs. I hesitate in my head if I should help him up. I start to wonder why it feels like he's struggling to walk up a ladder? Then it hits me. The walls . He probably has an alternative way. Before he takes one more step, I approach him and offer my hand. He looks up at me and pause for a split second. He takes one more step and now I'm looking up at him. I grimace in slight embarrassment and turn around to walk to the boxes. \"Let's start cleaning then.\" After minutes of wiping on the windows of the attic and avoiding to touch anything else that could possibly make Brahms anxious or might be a corpse, I turn to see Brahms opening up a box. I watch as he does then he slowly pulls out the album I once flipped open. He looks straight at me. Brahms shows me the album in his hand, \"That's the album I saw.\" I tell him, \"Do you want to look at it again?\" I raise my eyebrows at his sudden suggestion, \"Sure?\" I say with slight enthusiasm, unable to hide my confusion. I place the rug on another box and rub my hands on my pants as I approach him. I keep my eyes at the album as he flips it open, and as I stand beside him he flips another page. The photo of a little girl stares at us. I gulp at whatever it is he might say. Brahms does not tell me anything but hands me the album. \"Oh,\" was all I could say as I take it from his hand, and as he removes his hands, it accidentally brushes against my finger. Brahms walks away from me and hilariously continues dusting the walls. I make sure I don't chuckle out loud and just look at the album in my hands. I flip the last few pages that I did not get to explore when he trapped me inside this attic a few months ago, \"She died, right?\" I break the silence, \"I killed her.\" I look up then turn my head to look at him grimacing again. \"I killed her.\" He told me again.[Chapter 33] Hello wonderful, twisted people! I just want to express my love to all of you for being awesome and for reading my fanfic, my crazy take on The Boy. I hope you guys like what you're reading! As always, your comments and reviews are appreciated. I read each and everyone one of them. Also, if you love the chappies, you are in for a treat! Because there are long chappies coming your way... and 'sweeter' ones too ;) Happy reading! CRISTA \"I killed her.\" He told me again. So he did kill her. For some reason, I'm not shocked. I look back at the album to try to pretend I'm interested and at the same time uninterested of his vile practices during his childhood, \"I see.\" I say as my eyes scan the newspapers inside the box. \"May I ask why?\" I flip the page, \"She was not following the rules.\" My eyes shoot up at the window across me. The rules. The goddamn rules. \"The one on the list?\" \"No,\" he explains, \"We were playing and I set out rules for her. But she didn't follow them. So I had to punish her.\" This is it. He's a control freak. Weirdly, my mind thinks about fifty shades of grey but I shake it off. This is not the time to think about young adult erotica, especially because this control freak is nothing like the man in that story. I turn my head to look at him again to see Brahms facing me, \"I had to kill her.\" \"Your parents knew?\" \"They protected me and hid me.\" I sigh and try to sink in all what I'm hearing, \"in the walls?\" I finish his sentence, \"Yes.\" \"And the fire? How did they hide you and then suddenly burn the house-\" I stop myself from speaking. This might not be the proper question. What if his parents were trying to kill him or something? I bite my lip thinking at my stupidity. \"They told me to hide when they burned the house.\" \"You were inside the house?\" \"No. They had to burn the house to protect me.\" It all make sense. They burned the evidences. Killed the boy to cover up the murder or something. That's just-that's enough information. I think that's enough for me to handle. \"Where are your parents?\" I ask, \"They're dead.\" Oh, God. He killed them, too. Didn't he? \"Did you-\" \"They left me.\" I take a deep breath. I guess that's enough. \"They killed themselves.\" Oh. Well, I did not see that coming. \"I'm sorry,\" I mutter. He turns around and starts dusting again as if it was nothing. There is seriously something wrong with this guy. I know I should be running away now but...why do I feel like I want to come closer? \"Brahms, you don't have to keep dusting.\" I say and he stops, \"Let's just head downstairs.\" \"Are you scared?\" What? Where did that come from? \"What? No.\" I say, \"It's time for dinner, let's just go downstairs. You must be tired from all the dusting.\" Brahms looks at what he's dusting and I realize it's a small portrait of the family. His family. Brahms walks past by me without a word, \"Hey.\" I say to get his attention. \"I want you to know that I'm here, alright? I mean, I'll be here whenever you need anything.\" That's the least I could do for Brahms. I might as well let him know before he...ends himself, too. Which I hope he does not. He's the only thing I have here. And surprisingly, he keeps me sane. \"I'm here. And most importantly, Brahms, you can trust me if that's what you're worried about.\" I turn and see his back against me. He's listening, I know it. \"I hope you understand that.\" I say and he turns his head in my direction for a split second before he heads back down. I sigh and look around. I sure hope he did hear me out. I take the rug, close the album and return it inside the box. I shut the box and wipe the top. I carry it and place it in the deepest corner of the attic. I clamber down the ladder and as I look down, I see a hand being offered to me. Brahms waits for me. I try to hard not to grin and instead, I smile warmly at him and reach for his hand. His hands feel warm to my touch. I'm the only one freezing my ass up there and is still not used to the weather. I wonder what he thinks of my cold hands. I hope he doesn't think I'm nervous or anything. I take his hand as a support as I jump down the floor. \"Thank you,\" I say sweetly looking straight at him and realize we're closer than ever again. Why does this keep happening to us? My heart is beating fast. My hand is still in his and I don't think he's planning to remove it. I don't mind. My body feels weird. I feel like I wanna get closer to him. I want to be closer. Before I do anything again, I hear a hissing sound. My eyes widen, \"The stove! Oh my God!\" I exclaim and run downstairs to the kitchen. I run downstairs and see flares from the outside. I rush in the kitchen and see the pot burning on the stove. I look around and try to locate the fire extinguisher. I run to the living room and try to operate it but it does not work. I run to the hallway and find another, then back in the kitchen. The flames are getting bigger. I snap the seal and extinguish the fire. Luckily, the flames die down easy. I take a wide cloth from the cabinet and throw it over the stove. I look up and notice the flames devoured the walls up to the ceiling. Suddenly, I hear a loud thud from upstairs.[Chapter 34] I ran upstairs as fast as I could. I pause and try to make out from where the sound is coming from. I check every room and do not spot Brahms. It's definitely him making all the noise. \" Ahh !\" I hear a muffled shout from the back. The walls! Fuck! I don't know how to get in the walls. I hear another loud thud. What the hell is going on in there? I concentrate and try to inspect the walls, looking to hit a hidden door. I brush my hand across the walls. Suddenly a loud thud hits the wall in front of me. I'm close. I notice the huge cabinet beside the wall and hope that there's a pathway behind it or something. I move it out of the way and see a hard wall. I fall on my knees and sigh in disbelief. The thud continues. Then I move the taller cabinet beside it and to my relief, there a thin, vertical hole. Jackpot. I laugh in victory and easily fit myself through it. The pathway takes me to an inner room. An incandescent light hovers through the thin hall and I follow it until I am led to a bigger room. I see a figure at a corner and realize it's not a living thing. Not a corpse, but a doll. I instantly look for Brahms. The thuds stopped and even the shouting. But I hear sniffling from the room. I easily spot Brahms sitting on the ground at the corner of the table next to his bed. He's...sobbing. Quickly, I run to him and kneel. Without hesitation, I put my hands on him and he flinches. \"The fire!\" He shouts in a deep tone of voice, scared but not child-like anymore. He's upset and he's crying, \"The fire!\" \"The fire's gone, Brahms!\" I repeat my words until he stops, Brahms grips my arms. His muffled sobs cans till be heard in his mask. His palms are sweaty, and so is his chest and arms. He's still gripping my arms and I grip onto him as well. \"The fire is gone, it's gone.\" \"Are you trying to kill me?\" he suddenly says in a serious tone, I look at him confused, \"What?\" I shake my head 'no', \"That's-that's not true, Brahms. I'm not trying to-\" He instantly gets up, his hands still gripping my arm and he pushes me to the wall where my back hits hard. I groan in pain, unable to speak. He shouts at me asking me if I'm trying to kill him, \"Brahms-\" He shouts again. I wince at the pain I feel on my back, \"Brahms please!\" \"Are you trying to kill me?!\" I take in all my energy and manage to shout back, \"No! Brahms, stop what you're doing! You're hurting me!\" He stops ramming me against the wall as I feel his grip loosen a little. I look at him in the eye and notice he's been crying so much under that stupid mask. I shout at him again, sobbing, \"It's me, Brahms. I won't hurt you,\" I say in between sobs. He stares at me speechless, still gripping on my arm, \"I won't ever hurt you. I told you that.\" I say as I try to calm down so he could calm down as well, \"It's me, Brahms. It's Julie. I told you I wouldn't hurt you, remember? Please...please stop.\" Brahms completely removes his hands from my arms but quickly pounds his fist on the wall next to my ear. I stay leaning against the wall as I watch Brahms turn away, shout, then quickly step closer to me, looking at me straight in the eyes. He raises his shaking hands in front of us both. I don't look away from him and see his clenched hand, shaking, open and slowly reach for my face. He places his warm palm against my cheek. I don't look away. \"It's me,\" I whisper after a low sob. He hears me now. I feel Brahms' touch on my cheek-and it feels right. I feel his calmness now. I close my eyes for a while, and when I open them, I look through his mask and see his eyes closed. Slowly, I reach for his hand on my cheek, and his eyes flutter open. \"It's okay.\" I whisper, \"It's okay. You don't have to be afraid.\" \"Julie,\" he whispers in a low, hoarse voice. \"I told you, you could trust me.\" I say again as I slowly remove his hand from my cheek. We both stare at each other as I take his hand and put it on my waist. I let my words hang in his head. I pull myself closer to him and do not hesitate to hug him tight. He flinches once my body falls onto him, and I feel his hand pull me closer. As his other hand pulls me to hug me tighter, I wince at the pain I feel on my back. He immediately looks down at me and I look up at him. \"My-my back. It hurts.\" I say, He stares at me as I look behind me and realize the frame that hit my back hard. I try to reach for my back where the pain comes from. \"I think I need to go upstairs,\" I say and try to move, but my one small movement makes me realize how utterly painful it is. It hurts so damn much I wince loud and Brahms notices, tries to grab me, but only touches the painful spot on my back making me shout again. He moves away from me. \"It's okay, I'll handle it. I'll-\" My eyes flutter open and I see a piercing bright light in front of me making me squint. I try to open them and look around properly to make out where the hell I am and what the hell happened. I look to my side and see a glass of water on the table. I look the other side and see the sun rays against the window. I'm back in my room. I try to stand up and I completely remember what happened last night when I feel an instant pain on my back making me wince and fall back. \"Fuck!\" I curse loud. So that happen last night. I carefully carry myself to sit up on the bed and see a better view of the table. There are two pills beside the glass. I definitely did not took them last night, did I? Suddenly I hear a familiar low voice startling me, \"Those are for your back pains.\" \"Brahms,\" I mutter, \"How did you-\" \"I read everything.\" He says. For a second, I try to digest what he just said. Is that supposed to mean something? Is it an inside joke? Then, I remember, he reads books. The allergy book. Now, this. Medication. \"Thank you,\" I say and notice he's about to leave the room, \"Hey, wait!\" I shout and the effort hurts my back again, \"Brahms, wait. Don't leave me.\" He stops and turns, \"Where are you going?\" He doesn't say anything. \"Let me at least thank you for this,\" I gesture at the pills on my table, \"There is nothing to thank me for.\" He says, \"Brahms, you got me medication and somehow brought me back here.\" I manage to chuckle to lighten up the mood, \"Let's just forget about last night, okay?\" He does not say anything again, \"You have been sleeping for a whole day.\" Wait what? \"Take the medication I provided for you. It will take away the pain.\" He says sternly, I have been sleeping for a whole day. I am having pain. I will not take this attitude. \"Don't you dare leave me.\" I say, \"Stay here.\" I try to move my feet to reach the ground to attempt standing up. Apparently my body can't handle much pain. \"I hurt you.\" He suddenly says making me look at him, \"I deserve to be punished.\" Oh, God, no. Not this. What is he gonna do now? \"No, Brahms. Listen to me,\" I force myself to stand up and wince through the pain, \"You did not mean it. You were scared and that's okay, you brought me back here and got me medicine. You helped me.\" I explain to him but he does not say anything, \"Trust me.\" The magic words. I hope it works. \"I hurt you.\" He says again, \"I need-\" \"-Okay fine,\" I snap at him, \"You want punishment for what you did?\" Brahms nods at me. \"As punishment, I want you to help me.\" I see him tilt his head a little, confused at my punishment. I'm confused at myself too but if this works, then damn. \"I need you to help me all throughout the day until I can get back my feet.\" He stays quiet, unsure. \"Do you hear me?\" He nods. \"This time, you're the sitter.\"[Chapter 35] It's time Brahms learns to do the practicality of living with someone since I'll be here for a long ass time and will probably need his aid. This back pain is not just something you get for sitting and reading a book-but it's pain that you get after getting rammed against a hard, concrete wall and a corner of a frame. Honestly, the embarrassing thing about getting this bruise on my back is not the fact that I've been rammed against a frame, but the fact that it was a painting of a family which I presume was by Brahms. Thanks a lot, Brahms. I shoot Brahms a glare even though I try my best not to, \"Get over here and help me get up.\" He just looks at me, What does he not get? \"Brahms, get over here and help me get up.\" Brahms finally approaches me and stops in front of me. I look up at his towering height, \"Use your arms as support under my pits and pull me up.\" He shakily moves both his arms as I raise mine. Oh, God, this is gonna take a while. Brahms finally places his arms under my pit and pulls me up easy, but I wince in pain as I feel every part of my back make an effort to help me stand up. I shut my eyes as I try my best not to give up and stand on both feet. As I feel that I am finally on my feet, my hands cling to the table beside me for support. He takes his arms off me quick. I glare up at him and say a muttered, \"thank you.\" I look down as I try to reach for my shoes. I am interrupted by Brahms' hand in front of me, he's presenting the pills I did not take yet. I look at his masked face not realizing I'm still glaring at him. He slightly turns to his side and slowly presents me the glass of water. \"Medication relieves the back pain.\" He states, I sigh and take the pills, take the glass from his hand and chug it all. I feel relieved getting a glass of water, \"I'm gonna need more of that.\" I just realized how thirsty I am. Brahms turns around and leaves me in the room, \"Wait whe-\" I frown at him leaving, \"Brahms!\" I curse under my breath and try to walk by myself, trying to ignore the pain. Suddenly, the thought of regret passes my mind. If I wasn't too curious, this would have not happened. If I did not force myself to work here, I would have still been healthy. If I did not go into this house, none of this would have happened. But then again... My thoughts fade away as I stop walking and see Brahms pushing a wheelchair. ...I would not have met this extraordinary man. \"Where did you get that?\" Brahms did not say anything and just stared at me. He wants me to ride it. I am so not riding that. \"I think I'll walk.\" I snap at him and keep walking, until when I pass by him, he grabs my arm. I quickly glance up at Brahms, \"You must sit down.\" He says. \"Or what?\" I suddenly reply, \"Remember, you will listen to me. This is your punishment. So you'll listen or so help me-\" \"Brahms is helping.\" He loosens his grip, I pause, unable to say another sassy comment. I look down at the wheelchair. I look up at him. Then, at the wheelchair. Fuck it. If he ends up pushing me down the stairs, at least I can finally die or something. I sigh and turn around, gesturing to sit on the chair. I feel his eyes on me. I feel the strange tension again. Slowly, I sit on the seat and wince once my back hits the backrest. Brahms unlocks the wheels and pulls me out of the room. I hate this. Brahms passed the stairs and kept pushing me towards another door. The bathroom. He opens the door, pushes me inside and stops in front of the sink. Well, damn. At least he knows my morning routine. I struggle to stand up by successfully stand on my feet again. Before I could reach for my toothbrush, Brahms grabs it and hands it to me. He takes the toothpaste as well and puts some on my toothbrush. As he puts it back, I can't help but smirk at the way he's helping. He pauses, staring at something-and I realize he's looking at our reflection at the mirror. I catch him catch me smirking at him. I quickly frown and look away, \"I-I'm gonna go brush my teeth and do my own business. You can wait outside.\" He stays there. \"Wait outside.\" I said again and finally he walks out of the bathroom. I shut the door, face myself in front of the mirror, and let out a chuckle. I walk out of the bathroom and Brahms walks back in to grab the wheelchair. I sigh realizing he hasn't forgotten about it. I really hate riding wheelchairs. \"I can walk now, you know.\" Brahms insists, \"Please sit down.\" Why does it feel like he's still getting his way? \"Fine.\" I say and sit on it. \"Where to?\" I bluff, Brahms pushes me to the corner of the staircase. If he's pushing me down there, this is it for me. I'm gonna die today. \"Brahms?\" I alarm him, He stops pushing me and stands beside me, \"You're not pushing me down, are you?\" He looks down at me, \"You can now stand.\" I roll my eyes. Finally. I wince again as I struggle to stand up despite the back pain that stings once in a while. My hand grabs on to the railings as I pull myself up. I look down at the stairway and realize it's gonna be a long journey for me to go down there. \"Well. I do have to make us both some food.\" I say, \"I guess I have to-\" I feel two hands grip my waist quick, and I feel myself turned over. Brahms pulls me up and places me over his goddarn shoulder and starts walking down the stairs. \"Brahms-what the fuck are you doing?\"[Chapter 36] The stairway journey happens way too fast that I finally feel Brahms put me down. I struggle to stand straight as I feel slightly dizzy from him carrying me from a few flights of stairs. When I finally get my shit together, I realize my hand is gripping Brahms' arm. He's a little hairier than I thought. That weird sensation overcomes my whole body, making my heart pound, once I realize what just happened seconds ago. Brahms carried me all the way down to the first floor. Him carrying me over his shoulder might be the closest we've ever been physically. I shudder mentally at the thought. \"...thanks...I guess.\" I say and make my way into the kitchen. Thank goodness he didn't bring the wheelchair. I look around the kitchen, looking for an alternative to cook food on. I spot the microwave and thank the heavens. I hear steel click behind me. Once I turn around, I see Brahms had just carried the wheelchair downstairs. Perfect. I sigh. \"I really don't need that wheelchair, you know.\" I say and turn around as I struggle with every move to try to cook us dinner. I glance behind me and watch him watch me try to cook. After a minute, I glance behind me and see Brahms still standing next to the wheelchair. He's patiently waiting, watching, observing. \"Are you really just gonna stand there and watch?\" I ask him, and he does not seem to get the picture. He just nods at me as a response. I click my tongue and slowly turn completely around. \"Brahms,\" I sigh and try not to snap at him, \"would you mind helping me with dinner?\" He pauses. Probably thinking about whether he's gonna plop me to the wheelchair or let me cook. I chuckle at the thought. He still hasn't answered me. I approach him and slowly reach out for his arm. Julie, what the hell are you doing? He allows me to grab his wrist. I slowly look up at him, realizing he's really damn tall. I feel my stomach. Probably just hungry...I mean I'm really tired, too. I need to snap out of this. Say it, Julie. Say it. \"H-here.\" I manage to speak out as I put the ramen plastic bowl in his hand. I watch him observe the instant ramen. I chuckle again. \"I'll teach you how.\" Guess this guy must have read all the books in his library, but have not read one about cooking instant noodles. I make a loud, slurping sound as I drink from my bowl. Brahms sits across me. His cold noodle soup in front of him, untouched. He watches me finish my food. \"You should go ahead and eat, too.\" I say even though I know he won't touch his food unless I'm out of sight. He stands from his seat and approaches me. I watch him as he unlocks the wheelchair I am sitting on and pulls me out of the dining room. I look up at Brahms pushing me along the corridor, \"Where are you taking me now?\" \"Upstairs.\" Oh no no no. He is not carrying me again. \"You won't carry me, will you?\" \"I need to carry you backwards. Safest.\" I roll my eyes. \"No.\" He keeps pushing me towards the stairs. \"Stop.\" Brahms ignores me, \"Brahms. Stop. I don't want you to carry me.\" He stops pushing and walks in front of me, \"Allow me to help, Julie.\" \"I am not letting you carry me upstairs.\" He gestures to carry me but I move away, \"Stop. Didn't you hear what I just said? I don't want you to carry me upstairs. Let me walk.\" He moves away from me. I realize I was kinda a little harsh there. I gulp, trying to think about what I just did. I realize I'm biting my lip. Brahms is just looking at me. \"I-I can handle this myself. You can help me...\" I struggle to pull myself up and finally stand on my feet without wincing, \"...with other things.\" No way in hell I'm gonna let him carry me. I know for sure I'm heavy. Brahms carrying me all the way up there is just gonna give him trouble. Even though he does seem a little...built. God knows what's underneath that sweater. I shake my head and try to take one step. I take another step and I completely feel a quick sting on my back. I lean forward a little then start taking another, but after that I just felt every pain in my body. I quickly turn around and force myself downstairs. \"-Julie,\" Brahms says as I force myself to take one last step downwards, \"No,\" I say and finally land back on the first floor, \"I'm staying downstairs.\" \"Julie.\" \"Brahms!\" I turn quick to face him with a glare, \"I am staying downstairs. Do you understand?\" He stops completely and nods. \"Thank you.\" I say, unable to look away. He's slumped his shoulders and looked down. Oh no. I didn't hurt him, did I? Brahms slowly steps back, reaches for the wheelchair and pushes next to the couch. He turns around and ascends the stairs, leaving me alone in the living room.[Chapter 37] I plop myself quick on the large couch just to deal with the quick pain. I wince as I land on the couch back first. I pull my legs on it as well and just position myself. I take a deep breath and close my eyes. Suddenly, I hear a light thump on the floor to my left. I open my eyes and see Brahms standing, cradling a pillow under his arm. I look at him from head to toe. Before I could say anything, he leans down and pull me up gently as I watch him place the pillow under me. He puts the blanket over me as well, tucking me in. \"The pillow supports the spine.\" He says. I nod as a response and try to smile. \"The blanket is to tuck you in,\" he says, \"Just like how you do it to me.\" I feel my heart melt. \"Thank you, Brahms.\" I feel like guilt devouring me at the very moment. I shouldn't have shouted at him. \"Brahms,\" I start again. Go on, say it, Julie. The guy has feelings. Say sorry. \"I just...I wanna apologize for shouting at you.\" He doesn't say anything, \"You know, for shouting.\" Still no answer, \"I really did not mean it,\" I add, \"I just didn't want you to have a hard time. Really, this is enough help. Do you understand?\" He miraculously nods once, I feel my lips slowly quirk up into a smile, \"Good.\" I say. We both are silent, \"So,\" I say, \"Will you be fine on your own tonight? I can't really tuck you in since...since I'm already tucked in.\" I chuckle, Brahms stays mute, \"You'll sleep, though, right?\" No answer, \"Great.\" I mutter and look away, \"I'll be fine here,\" I tell him, \"You should go now and get some rest. You can help me again tomorrow.\" He stares at me for a few seconds. What's wrong now? \"Go on, I can manage myself here.\" I say again, and this time he turns to walk away. Instead of ascending the stairs, he goes to the other hallway. I look away and close my eyes. He should be sleeping now. Where the hell is he going? I open my eyes and look at the open door to the hallway. As much as I try to look away, I can't. My eyes are glued to the open door. I wait for him to come back but my eyes are slowly giving up, feeling tired. The living room is silent but me. I can only hear my breath. It's a new day, I managed to pull myself up off the couch unlike the last two days. I feel a little stronger now. That's a miracle for someone trying to heal themselves at home with a glass of water and painkillers. I guess I'm fine now. I suddenly have the courage to try to twist my hips. Slowly, I reach my far right, but before I complete the twist, I feel the sting. It's still there, but I guess I could say the pain is less. My eyes suddenly glance at the wheelchair next to the couch. I frown suddenly seeing the image of my mother in her own wheelchair. Before I continue that miserable memory, I hear foot steps behind me. I turn and see Brahms. \"Good morning,\" I say with a faint smile. Lately-I don't know how it's possible but-I have felt a different vibe from Brahms. He seemed a little distant since two days ago. My bet is on the fact that I shouted at him. That must have made him a little upset. I completely understand, though. I would be, too. And now, I just need to make it up to him. \"Breakfast?\" I ask with a grin, and he nods. I managed to cook eggs and bacon on the microwave. The eggs look a little beat up but they could do. Brahms did not seem to mind. I recall almost catching him without the mask when I suddenly walked in the dining area and saw that he just put it on. We stared at each other for a little while, I smiled warmly and took his plates not breaking eye contact and still smiling. I wanted him to feel comfortable around me. I want to see behind that mask so bad. I finish cleaning the plates and as I turn around, I am startled by his presence. He's standing just a step away from me. I lightly pat my chest, trying to calm my beating heart, \"Hey-you startled me.\" I let out a soft chuckle, \"Is there something you need?' \"Wheelchair,\" he says, The smile from my face disappears, \"Brahms,\" I say and lean against the sink and cross my arms, \"I told you I don't need it anymore.\" \"The wheelchair supports the spine.\" He states, \"I know but I don't need it anymore, I feel fine.\" He walks away without a word. I frown at his sudden leave. Suddenly, he comes back with the wheelchair. God, he is not letting this go, is he? \"You can sit now.\" He declares, \"Brahms, I am not sitting there.\" Here we go again.[Chapter 38] \"Brahms,\" I try to stay calm, \"I don't need the wheelchair. Okay?\" He doesn't say anything but he starts to lock the right side making sure it's stable for me to sit on. I shake my head, \"You don't need to push me around the house,\" he moves to the left side to lock the wheel but it jams itself. He tries to push it down but it won't let him. I realize he's having a hard time, \"Brahms, look, the wheelchair isn't even functioning well. It's outdated. Give it a break.\" He's not listening to me and he keeps pushing it down. What is it with him and wheelchairs? \"Brahms.\" I raise my voice to get his attention, \"Brahms!\" He keeps pushing and pushing it downwards to lock the wheel, \"Brahms!\" The tire of the wheel pops and his hand slides down in between the wheel and the seat, the steel grazing his arm, as his mask hits the steel of the wheel hard, making a loud sound, making me shriek. I gape at the sight of Brahms kneeling beside the wheelchair. I watch him with wide eyes as he tries to stand up again, his hand touching his forehead- \"Oh my God, Brahms are you okay?!\" He doesn't pay attention to me as his hands shakily try to hold his forehead, Jesus, don't tell me it's bleeding. Please. I approach him quickly, my hands try to hold onto his to give me a closer look at the mask. I notice a slight crack on the forehead. \"Let me look at you-\" I demand as I pull his hands down and see a little bit of blood on his ear, I feel liquid on my hands as well, and when I look down, I see a bleeding scratch on his arm. I look up at him and notice he's looking at me, too. Why isn't he crying? Isn't he supposed to be crying or something? Isn't he in pain? \"You're bleeding,\" I say, feeling my eyes water. This is my fault. If I just sat on the damn chair, this would not have happened, \"I'm so sorry, Brahms,\" I look at his arm and see it bleeding, \"Wait here,\" I gently pull him to a chair and make him sit. \"Sit down, let me cure you.\" I say it twice for him to follow me, I hurry to get the first aid kit from the bathroom and scurry back into the kitchen. He's still sitting there, quiet. Why is he not reacting to this? I stand right in front of him and notice his hands are shaking. Is he taking this all in? \"I'll cure your arm, alright? I'll just put this-\" I show him a container and then a bandaid, \"and this. To stop the pain and the blood from coming out, alright? I won't hurt you.\" He nods at me, staring right back at me. As I wipe the ointment on his arm, I look up at his eyes. They're watery, too. \"Is it painful?\" He nods once, and I try to stop myself from crying but I feel my eyes water. I have no clue why I feel emotional over this-but I know I'm guilty of the pain I caused him. \"I'm so sorry, Brahms.\" I sniff trying to suck in all the tears and not let it fall as I look down on his arm and wipe the blood off and apply ointment, \"The pain will be gone after this, okay?\" I say and put a long gauze on his arm and tape it. My eyes slowly drags itself up to look at him. I sheepishly ask, \"Your forehead's bleeding, too, isn't it?\" He nods, \"Well, I need to cure that, too.\" He does not say anything, \"You have to take off the mask, Brahms.\" He jolts up and I know he's going to leave but I grab his other arm. He looks at me and pauses, standing up. \"Please don't leave. Don't leave.\" I feel my eyes water, \"Sit down, please.\" And slowly, he returns to his seat, still looking at me. I realize we're sitting inches away from each other. The stool is of the same height, letting us sit closer and of the same height. The tension. It's still there...and it's growing as of this moment. \"Fine,\" I say, \"You don't have to take it off. You can do this yourself for now...because you're not ready.\" I put ointment on a big, fluffy cotton, \"I want you to apply this on your wound on your forehead after you cleanse it. Do it when I leave the kitchen, okay?\" I say softly. Brahms nods, still looking back at me. I pause, staring at his eyes through the holes of his mask. \"But next time,\" I say, \"If this happens again, I need to be the one to do it, okay? I only want to help.\" He nods, \"Can you promise me that you'll let me help?\" He nods again, \"Okay. I just really want you to trust me.\" I say and nod, too. I slowly reach for his hand to give him the cotton without breaking eye contact. \"There you go.\" I get off my seat, \"I'll leave you now, okay?\" Before I leave, he calls me suddenly. \"Julie.\" he says lightly...with his normal voice. I feel a weird, swift feeling in my stomach. I bite my lip and turn to face him, \"Please?\" he says sweetly as he hands me over the cotton. I look at him in confusion as I slowly approach him. He slowly reaches for his mask and remove the side where he hit his head. For a second there, I felt my heart beat faster than a millisecond. I realize I'm biting my lower lip hard. I release a sigh when he stops. He's showing me a little part of his forehead, still holding the mask with both hands. I see.[Chapter 39] \"Oh,\" was all I could say as I end up standing next to him. He's sitting on the stool, still making him taller than me. I slowly reach for the small cut on his forehead. I cleanse it with a wet cotton ball. I peek a little on his forehead that's exposed to the light in the room. I look at his eyes as I cleanse it and look away to throw the cotton. Then, I take the other one and apply the ointment. My eyes are fixated at his cut. It's not as deep as I thought it would be. I sigh in relief. I put some more ointment in the cut to make sure it'll heal in no time. I look at him and notice he's still looking at me. \"Does it hurt?\" He nods once, \"Do you feel dizzy?\" I could tell he's a little more slumped than he usually is as he sits on the stool. And just as predicted, he nods. I throw the ball to the bin and approach him, \"I'll escort you to the couch, come on.\" I say as I gently cling my arm to his. He looks down at me and gets off the stool, \"Slowly, we'll walk, okay?\" He nods again and walks with me to the living room, \"I wanna apologize again,\" I say as we make our way to the other room, \"for raising my voice at you. And...for this.\" He does not say anything but I can feel his eyes on me. I glance at him and realize I'm right. He's watching me as we keep walking, \"and I also want to thank you for helping me when my back was still hurting. Now,\" I chuckle, \"I guess it's time for me to take care of you again.\" I look into his eyes, \"Your turn to sleep on the couch.\" I bluff, He doesn't laugh but we keep walking to the couch, I tell him to lay down on the couch I stayed in, and he follows. I tuck him in completely, \"You should rest here first. I don't wanna risk you walking upstairs.\" I sit next to him on the couch and reach for his hand as he looks at me, \"And...I can't really carry you upstairs like how you do it.\" I lightly squeeze his hand and as I was about to stand up, surprisingly, he squeezes mine too. I look back at him and sit back down. A smile escapes my lips. \"You alright?\" I ask, He doesn't respond but he's looking at me, \"Don't worry. I'm staying here tonight, too. So you'll have company.\" I attempt to brush my thumb against his skin. The tension I've been feeling in my body is at it's highest level. My heart is pounding so loud, I can hear it, but I don't care. \"Go rest for now,\" I say and pause, looking at him, \"You can't rest yet, can you?\" He shakes his head 'no,' \"I can read you something if you want?\" He's quiet but staring at me, \"Or I can tell you stuff to help you sleep?\" I look at the clock hanging on the wall and notice it's been twenty minutes or so, and I have been spending it by telling Brahms my whole story. He's a good listener, too. Aside from the fact he just really listens, he squeezes my hand when I feel like tearing up. He squeezed it twice, I noticed. And everytime he did, I didn't tear up. I felt...relieved. I look back at Brahms who's still wide awake, \"Alright, I'll shush now and let you actually rest.\" I chuckle, \"Sorry for boring you.\" I notice his eyes flutter and close finally. Great, I got him bored and sleepy. Isn't that nice. I shake my head. Before I stand up and sleep on the other chair, I pause to watch him for a few seconds. Different thoughts are in my head. I need to think of so many things tonight. I need some time alone. I feel overwhelmed. But for some reason, I can't leave him. I lean my head on the couch's back rest and close my eyes for a bit. Then, I look at our hands. It hits me. We're holding hands. Oh my gosh. Well, sort of...I mean his middle, index, and thumb is wrapped around my hand...that's still considered holding, isn't it? It's more than just touching. My heart kinda calmed itself down now. I look at his mask. When will I ever see behind that thing? I slowly lean closer to his face to get a better look. And suddenly, I find my lips on the mouth of his mask. I feel it's cold, hard porcelain texture on my lips. For some reason, I want to know how his actual mouth feels like. I slowly reach for his mask and pull it up a little just to expose his mouth. I try to look at the shape of his mouth in the dark with the help of the night lamp on the wall but still lean in to kiss his actual lips. I feel it. His warm lips touch mine. Suddenly, it feels wet as I feel his tongue touch my lips. I let his tongue enter my mouth and I continue to make out with him. I break free from the kiss and straddle him on the couch to get a better angle on his mouth. I continue kissing him hard on the mouth. Suddenly, I hear thunder from outside. I ignore the flash of lightning as well and continue kissing him hard. I feel his hand go under my shirt. I play with his tongue, \"Brahms\" I say in between. Suddenly, another flash of lightning strikes and a loud thunder startles me- I wake up, my eyes quickly open. I see my hand still holding Brahms' as he is lying down peacefully on the couch. I look around and realize I'm leaning on the couch's backrest. I grimace at myself.[Chapter 40] Julie. Oh, Julie. My hand touches hers. I watch her sleep. She's resting her head close to me. Julie's so close. I run my fingers across hers. She feels so soft. So gentle. So flawless. I try to sit up but there is pain in my head. I force myself to sit up again. Julie moves. She is beautiful when she moves. She is beautiful. She helps. She is nice. She is mad. But she is beautiful. I feel pain. But she is beautiful and kind. She takes care of me. She sleeps next to me. I slept next to Julie. My fingers touch her arm. Flawless. She moans in her sleep. I touch her forearm softly. She smiles in her sleep. She is beautiful. I touch her cheek. She is still smiling. I lie down again and allow the pain in my head to well up. I hold her hand and sleep again. I rub my eyes and realize I just woke up from a...dream. I lean my head against the backrest of the couch and look at Brahms sleeping. It's weird. This is weird. I'm watching him sleep. I've never seen him sleep. This is too weird. But I love it. I feel my mouth smiling hard. I close my eyes and try to sleep but I feel too uncomfortable. I remove my hand gently and sit on the floor next to him. He's still sleeping, I'm surprised. That blow to the head probably really got him. I lean my head on the couch and watch him. I stare at the mask. My hands slowly reach for his and I squeeze it gently. He stays unconscious. Still sleeping. I watch his chest rise and fall. I only hear our breaths. I sit up and slowly lean in. Slowly, I plant a light kiss on the mask's forehead, then I sit again on the floor and lean my head on the couch to sleep. A bright light shines against me, completely waking me up. I try to open my eyes and see nothing but light. I rub my eyes and finally see that the sun is shining bright outside. The light bounces right at me on the couch. I look around and see that I'm still sitting on the floor. I look at the empty couch. I guess the rain is gone...and so is he. I try to stand and I suddenly feel complete pain on my back again. It was such a bad idea to sleep like that. I wince as I plop myself on the couch. God, when is this pain ever gonna leave. \"Brahms?\" I call, and no answer, I guess we're back to this. I fall asleep on the couch. That was the best sleep I have ever had. I stretch my whole body and feel only a bit of pain in my back making me jerk back to my normal position. Damn it. I keep forgetting. I lie on my back and stare at the ceiling. It's been a while since I got good sleep. The other night...that was a dream, wasn't it? But touching Brahms' hand was not. I know it. Damn. From Brahms pushing me to a hard wall, to touching hands. What a hell of a ride this week has been. He really does sleep in the walls. I did not get to take a good look of the room because it was dark in there but I know for sure that it's not so safe to stay in those walls. It's almost like living in the attic. I almost thought he lived in the attic which was strange but what more could be stranger than that? Brahms, oh Brahms. You are a strange one. A mystery. \"Brahms,\" I whisper his name, \"Oh no-Brahms.\" I quickly turn to look at the clock and realize it's 7. I look at the window-oh my gosh I thought it was the freaking morning! I realize the lamp was making it seem bright in the room. \"Brahms!\" I manage to sit up, worried sick whatever happened to him, \"Br-\" I suddenly spot a figure across the room. Oh thank God. \"-Hey,\" I say and stand up, \"I'm so sorry, I slept in-\" I feel something patched to my back, \"What-what is this-\" I touch my back and feel a patch stuck on it, \"Brahms?\" \"The patch eases the pain.\" \"Where did you get these?\" \"Mommy got it for me years ago.\" And it still works. Just my luck. \"Thank you, Brahms. It really helped.\" I say and suddenly felt like blushing and smiling, \"This was really thoughtful.\" I approach him, \"But it's time I take care of you again, okay? I'm fine now.\" He stays quiet, \"How's your head?\" I ask as I try to gesture to touch his face, he lets me, I place my fingertip on the mask tracing the cut I saw the other night on his forehead, \"Did it still bleed?\" He shakes his head 'no,' \"Do you still feel dizzy?\" I ask, He shakes his head again, \"That's really good to know.\" We stay quiet, and I'm still staring at him, \"So...\" I break the silence, \"are you hungry?\" He shakes his head, \"Oh okay.\" I hear my stomach, \"Because I kinda am, hope you don't mind if I head over to the kitchen?\" He stays quiet and I leave and head to the kitchen by myself.[Chapter 41] I cook myself ramen by boiling water. I really need to purchase a new stove. We can't live off noodles through a boiler and toast through a microwave. I lean back on the counter while waiting for the water to boil. I sigh and notice the silence. The house is quiet, as always. He's quiet, too. Whatever happened last night, that's got to mean something, right? He almost removed his mask. I touched his hand. He's got to feel something. Or am I being ridiculous? Does he really just see me as...a babysitter? I frown at the thought. I notice the water's boiling. I unplug the heater and pour the water in the cup. He's got to feel something. I glance down and realize the cup is full. I shriek as the water overflows, making me jump out of the way but the hot water splashes from the counter and to my shirt. I shake my head in disbelief. What a morning. I put the heater down and look at my mess. Half of my shirt is wet and it burns my stomach. I pull it away from my skin. This reminds me that it's time for that shower again. It's been a while. I twist the end of my shirt and carefully tie it. I squeeze the hot water from my shirt and suddenly glance at my right as I see Brahms' figure. He's staring at me. He's always here when something happens. But it only seems like he's interested for a while. I try my best not to glare at him because of the thought. Brahms is looking at me and the mess. No reaction, just silence. But, I realize he's looking at how my stomach's exposed. I bite my lip and turn away. But come to think of it... I untie the knot from my shirt and take it a little higher, exposing my navel, and tie it tight showing my curves. I clear my throat and start wiping the counter. I try my best not to glance at him and just continue my business in the kitchen. I take my noodles and head to the table to eat. I pass by him, \"You want some?\" I ask and he does not reply as I keep walking to the dinner table. I start eating and notice Brahms slowly leave the hall. I sigh and look away. We took piano lessons today. I'm glad we did it without the presence of the doll, too, and he seemed okay. I like teaching him rather than the doll. It's as if I grew apart from it now. Exactly how it should be. The tension's stronger today, especially when we were sitting beside each other. I tried to reach for his hand to position it to a key but I couldn't do it. I didn't want to be too obvious. But I scooted closer to him. Not because I had to get a reaction, but simply because..well..I really wanted to. I love how his arm brushes against mine. The tension feels powerful that way. And now, I'm aching for that tension again as I see him in the living room about to leave. But I know I need to stop or I'll be obvious. I think I just need a shower. I look up the stairs and pause. \"Um, Brahms?\" I call for him and he stops walking, he turns to face me. I don't want to say it. I just look at him, unable to form the words in my head to ask him. If I ask him, I'll be darn right obvious- Brahms walks towards me and pauses, then he holds his hand out for me, Who gives a fuck anyway? I smile and walk towards him to take his hand. Instead of carrying me like I expected him to, he leads me to the first step of the stairs. I look at him with confusion on my face. Was not expecting that. As I take a second step, he stops and suddenly carries me to put me over his shoulder making me shriek. On second thought, I guess he was just preparing. Brahms carries me as he takes me upstairs. I feel ridiculous for asking for his help on purpose, but I have to admit I'm enjoying this physical interaction I have with him. I'm just savoring it while it lasts, since it rarely happens. He puts me down once he arrive at the second floor, It's rare for him to react, but he interacts. And I guess that's what I'll always have. I try not to frown and think happily because of what he's done. I thank Brahms. He does not say anything and just walks away.[Chapter 42] I feel the gust of cold air before I enter the house between my legs. It was a bad idea to wear this dress today. I shut the door behind me and stop from my tracks to scan the place. It's quiet like always. This place has been so quiet ever since. I head to the living room where the vinyl player is. I browse through the dusty collection of music that's left untouched for God knows how long. I take one disc and place it on the player and allow it to play. The music sounds low making me turn the volume even louder than the usual volume I play for Brahms. A woman's sweet voice starts singing french. I close my eyes as I feel myself dance to the music... \"Des yeux qui font baisser les miens...\" My hands run down the seam of my dress and allow it to flow as I twirl around, enjoying the beautiful melody. I missed this. I miss having me time, and just dancing around, not caring about the world. It's been a while. I keep my eyes closed, running my fingers across my torso and up to my chest, I keep twirling around the empty living room. My afternoon in the Heelshire house has never been this calming. I dance gracefully despite the pain on my back that stings less than it should now, \"Hold me close and hold me fast, the magic spell you cast...\" I open my eyes and see through the window that there's a storm coming again. I ignore it and twirl and dance until I'm nearing the player to hear the music, In the background, I feel a faint thunderclap. I keep dancing, my eyes closed now. Just me and the music. I turn once more until I hear something behind me that makes me open my eyes, but I don't turn around yet. I sense that it's from the hallway. I ignore the music, close my eyes, and twirl slowly with grace once again. I keep my eyes closed as I dance to the music, ignoring everything for once, \"...Give your heart and soul to me...\" Then, the song ends, \"...And life will always be la vie en rose.\" I pause before I open my eyes. I see Brahms standing at a corner, staring at me again. A new song plays in the background. I give him a warm smile, and he stays still. I walk to the player and try to replay the previous song, then I turn to face Brahms, and present my hand to him. He observes me as I offer my hand, patiently waiting for him, Soon enough, he understands. Brahms approaches me slowly, like he's being cautious of what he must do. He hesitates on what he's about to do. I slowly reach for his hand instead and stand close in front of him. I look up into his eyes through the mask. \"I don't know what's going on in your mind,\" I whisper to him, looking straight into his eyes, \"but I'd really like to dance right now.\" He stays quiet looking back at me. I see lightning flash through the window, \"You know what a dance is, don't you?\" He nods slowly, \"Dance with me.\" I say, Before he responds, I decide to sway in place as I look down on our feet. Slowly, I look up at him and smile, \"Just follow my lead. Think of this as a dance lesson session,\" I chuckle softly, \"Since you're good in playing the piano, let's move on to dancing.\" Brahms does not say anything, I try to hold onto both of his hands and slowly lead them to my waist, \"This is where your hands go,\" I say and then run my hands up his arms and to his shoulders to rest them, \"...and then my hands go up here,\" \"And we sway, side to side, like this,\" I say and sway in place again, moving my feet bit by bit, It takes him a few seconds until he decides to sway with me, We both move in one direction, synced with the music. I could not help but grin, but I hide it as I look down at our feet. I feel myself blush. Realizing that he's dancing with me. I feel the tension again...the good kind. I look up and realize he's been looking down at me. I don't care anymore. I stare at him, wishing the song never ended. This is probably the weirdest thing I have gotten myself into, but I can't seem to quit it. Who is he in the past? What happened exactly in this house? What is his goal? What is he hiding? What does he want? What does he feel? Does he like me? Brahms is still staring back at me. I try to move my hand closer to his neck, I reach further more but suddenly, Brahms quickly grabs my wrist. He stares back at me as I look at him, confused, I was speechless at his action. I don't say anything but stare back at him, \"I...\" He pulls away and drops my hand, \"I'm sorry,\" I say, and he just stares at me, \"I wasn't trying to hurt you,\" Brahms turns around and walks away from me, \"Brahms, wait!\" I shout to try to stop him, but he keeps walking to the door, \"Brahms! Don't leave! Please!\" I run behind him, \"Brahms! I'm talking to you.\" He stops and turns around to look straight at me, I walk closer to him, \"I'm sorry,\" I start, \"I just...I need answers, Brahms. I want to know who you are, I want to know why you need the mask. I want to know everything. Do you still not trust me?\" Brahms stays quiet again, \"Please talk to me, tell me the truth. You can trust me, Brahms.\" I shake my head, \"Can you at least just take off the mask? I put the doll away, Brahms. What's the point of having the mask?\" He's still staring at me, I feel frustrated. I feel foolish. What the hell am I doing? Could he possibly be living through the doll? What if he never wants to escape that? Did I really think I could change him just like that? The song is still playing in the background. I shake head, trying to wake myself up from my made up reality. I walk to the vinyl player and shut the music off. I turn around and run my fingers through my hair in frustration, and I see Brahms approach me, watching me. I hear nothing but thunder and rain, \"I am so stupid,\" I whisper to myself, I glance at Brahms who's still staring at me, \"You really won't say anything?\" I say, frustration in my voice, and he still stays quiet.[Chapter 43] He said nothing. It has only been seconds, but it felt like at eternity waiting for Brahms, giving him a last chance to speak up. But he could not. He's still staring at me with the same sad, lost eyes. I shake my head in disbelief, slowly walking backwards, and finally pushing myself to run out of the house and into the front yard, not even caring about the storm I am in. It's raining harder than I thought, and I feel my dress become drenched in only a matter of seconds. My frustrations have defeated me. I'm crying in the rain, but I don't even feel my tears, I'm running away from the house for the first time, and I ask myself loud inside my head why I'm just doing this now. A big flash of lightning startles me and stops me from running, I quickly stop and stare at my surroundings, I look down, observing myself, I can't leave. I can't leave him. I was the only one there for him. If I leave him...who will take care of him now? I bury my face in my hands and shout as loud as I can in the rain but I'm defeated once again by the loud roaring thunder. I pause for a while and clear my head, making a quick decision. Is it freedom I want? Is it sanity? The rain gradually lightens, and I run back to the house. I slam the door open and notice the lights are off. I slam the door to a close and quickly scan the living room. The lightning is the only source of light I have, giving me a hint as I glance upstairs when I saw a figure. Brahms is upstairs. I ascend the stairs as fast as I could, As soon as I step on the second floor, I see him about to disappear into the walls, but I shout his name and he quickly turns around. I feel the tension 10 feet away from Brahms, it's stronger than ever. I feel nervous standing here, but I also feel the need to be closer. I briskly walk to him and stop a few inches away, \"Take your mask off.\" I command him, He's staring with wide, confused eyes, \"Take your mask off.\" I repeated with a stern tone of voice, \"Now.\" Brahms slowly reached for his mask, then gently removed it from his face. I kept my eyes on him, not wasting every second, embedding every moment in my memory. He slowly, finally, pulls his mask off, revealing the real face of Brahms. His face is deformed, burned possibly, from the fire, I thought. I remember specifically from the journal and the articles from the old newspapers. I take a step closer, observing the marks and scars on his face. \"Can I touch?\" I ask with a low voice, making sure it's not against him, He looks at me-God it feels different seeing his full face looking down at me-and he nods at me, \"I'll be gentle,\" I assure him and slowly reach for his face with one hand, and brush my thumb against the scar on his cheek. I feel a thousand feelings, and I notice myself tearing up. I couldn't say anything, \"Brahms...\" was all I could speak out, my hands still on his face, I look into his eyes and I see him staring back into me...his deep eyes staring feel so different, I watch the scar on his lip move as he suddenly speaks, \"Are you scared?\" I grimace and shake my head 'no,' as I run my thumb on his lower lip. I look back at his eyes, then at his lips, and back again into his eyes. I pull myself closer and close my eyes, planting my lips on his. His lips felt warm and soft despite the cold temperature of the room. I felt Brahms' lips move as he gives me a light kiss. I peek and see that his eyes are closed as well, and it makes me pull him closer into me. I wrap my arms around his neck as I start kissing him with full mouth, and he does not pull away. I hear a thud under us and I notice he's dropped the mask to wrap his around around my waist tightly, Brahms pulls away from the kiss, \"Don't leave, Julie,\" he says suddenly in his normal voice, \"I won't leave you,\" I whisper, \"I promise. Whatever happens, I won't leave.\" Brahms leans in and kisses me again. ","Summary":" I run quickly into the café, trying to avoid the drizzling rain. London could still be beautiful ev"}]