[{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Blueberries","Author":"lock shock and barrel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4867310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So after a bit ofnhaitus, I come back and hit you with...SNATCH. Possibly the bestnmovie evar. Rated mostly fornlanguage. Some slash, but nothing to scream about. I'm not here tonwrite porn for you. For all thennon-Brits...'pissed' is equal to 'drunk'. I'm such a savvy American,nI know. The 'office' looked evennmore pathetic than usual, and after it'd gone all to shit therenwasn't much more anyone could do about it. Gorgeous hadn't fought inna while, and it wasn't like the arcade was rolling in the cash. Nonenof us were exactly jumping to fix up the caravan. I didn't much wantnto be there, not on Christmas eve, but I sure as hell wasn't going tonspend the night with my family. Hoping there was enough booze for mento crash, I forced open the caravan door and stepped in. I saw Tommynjump around and start to examine the walls as if he weren't justnwaiting around in office because nobody else liked him. \"Whatchya up tonTommy?\" \"Oh, I didn't see younthere.\" \"Tommy, I saw younlook straight at me.\" \"Oh.\" There wasnan awkward pause until Tommy broke the silence by sucking his cheeksnin. I hate when he does that, he does it so damn loud I don't evennknow the point of it. \"So what're you doingnhere?\" \"I dunno. Where'snGorgeous?\" \"I guess he has somensort of obligation.\" That's what he'd told me, anyway. Well,nmore like he said he 'needed ta do some shit', but it doesn't reallynmatter. \"So it's just us, Inguess?\" I can never tell if Tommy's excited or worried when henasks a question. Maybe it's because when he does get excited, he getsnall jittery and stuttery, like he's some little kid. He's a strangenone, Tommy is. I glanced around the office, remembering that at onentime in my life I had counted down the minutes to this day, and myneyes landed on a short box on the table. \"Whatchya got therenTommy?\" \"Oh, I got a pie.nFigured it'd be nice to have something sweet for the holiday.\" \"Well look at you,nTommy. Maybe there's some use for you after all.\" He smirked,nexhaling sharply. I picked up the box. \"Come on, we can go backnto my flat. I've got some discs and booze, it'll be a party. Thisnplace is depressing the shit out of me.\" It didn't take long for usnto murder the pie. It was some sort of berries, Tommy said. Leave itnto Tommy to not know what the hell he's buying. I never understoodnputting fruit into pie, but that didn't stop me from ramming it downnmy throat. Chasing it down with milk just made the whole experiencenfar more delightful. \"Why're you alwaysndrinking milk?\" \"It tastes good.nBesides, it doesn't seem right to be drinking gin with pie, does it?\" Tommy. Like I care what henthinks about my choice in beverage. In all honesty milk just takes menback to when I was a kid, I drank it all the damn time. Things werenokay then. I just like to have a little bit of five-year-old Turkishnwith me, just to keep me from diving in front of the bus. The phoneninterrupted my remeniscing, but I returned my attention to stuffingnmy face. \"Aren't you going tonanswer that?\" I cocked an eyebrow atnTommy and took a sip of milk. The machine took the call. \"Turkish? It's yournmum. I...I was just checking in. I guess you're busy. Well, if younwant to stop by tonight or tomorrow, you're always welcome. I hopenyou're taking care of yourself. It seems your work's just taken overnyour life. Call us at the house when you get a chance.\" A muffled click and mynmother was gone. Tommy started sucking in his cheeks again, lettingnout a breath with a whistle. As I finished the last drops in thencarton, I realized how often Tommy messed around with his mouth. Indidn't care all that much, I guess. He always did it when therenwasn't anyone talking, like he was afraid of everything being silentnfor more than five seconds. It wasn't being nervous; he'd sit withnhis tail between his legs when I shouted at him, but he never didnanything with his face other than grimace a bit. Maybe he was happiernwith being whipped than being silent. I decided to mess with him anbit. \"Be back in a tic.\" I shoved my chair back andnstrolled off into the bathroom. The only good thing about having anflat the size of a shoebox is being able to hear from any spot. Tommynstarted up noisemaking as soon as I'd shut the door, though this timenhe resorted to tapping his glass on the edge of the table. I don'tnknow how hard he was going along until I heard an anxious 'fuck!' onnthe heels of shattering. The sound of Tommy scurrying about almostnmade me piss myself, because I knew exactly how he would've looked.nPoor Tommy wasn't given much grace or form. Once his antics subsided,nI returned to the kitchen, trying to disguise laughter by coughing anbit, but I was never much of an actor and Tommy looked pretty sore. \"Where the hell'd youngo?\" \"I had to take anpiss, what're you my mother?\" \"Speakin' of, whyndon't you spend the holidays with your family?\" \"Because,\" Inpicked up a shard of glass from underneath my chair, smirking asnTommy chewed on his lower lip, \"if you ever met my family younwouldn't want to spend the holidays with them either. For Christ'snsake they named me Turkish. Plus they're always asking me about mynwork, and it just doesn't seem right lyin' to your family on littlenJesus' birthday, now does it?\" \"So what d'you tellnthem you do?\" \"I just mention thenarcade. Say I do a few odd jobs on the side. It doesn't matter, younwant me to put on some music?\" \"Nah, just some morento drink.\" Tommy, much as he hated silence, wasn't a big musicnfan. Never put on the radio in the car, never hummed or whistled.nTommy could be a complex bugger. Still, I felt like I knew all hisnodd little quirks and fears despite our relatively short partnership.nStrange thought. Once I'd gotten another bottle of booze, Tommynimmediately attacked it, something he did after he'd had a few. Tommyndidn't drink too often, considering his lack of control on anythingnelse in his life. \"Ah, Tommy I feelnbad. I never got you something for Christmas this year.\" \"S'alright, you tooknme out for my birthday.\" Tommy's face darkened anbit in contrast with the memory. I thought I'd given him a treat,ntaking him to a club for his birthday. Little did I know, Tommy'dnnever so much as kissed a woman in his life, let alone seen one nakednand wrapped around a pole. He bounced his legs up and down like somenexcited kid, gripping his knees and scrunching his eyebrows. It wasnquite a sight, really. I remember exactly what happened. \"You want me tonbuy you a dance?\" I had to shout over the music. \"No, I'll justnwatch.\" Tommy gave me his sheepish smile, the corners of hisneyes curling up. \"I insist, it'snyour birthday.\" Being as I snagged us prime seats right by thenstage, I managed to get one of the girls' attention, and with somennotes she had taken Tommy by the waist and lead him off, all thenwhile he was looking at me like I'd killed his mother. \"Ah. Well then.\"nIt's better to let sleeping dogs lie. The drink suddenly catching upnwith him, Tommy slouched in his chair, his eyes lolling about. Insincerely hoped he wasn't going to fall asleep, because I was not anfan of having a queer little sleepover. Yet the threat of Tommy'snspending the night grew stronger, seeing as he was too tired even tonbreak the silence with his stupid noises. \"You doin' alrightnTommy?\" \"Yeh, I'm just, just,nahh...I prolly need t' leave, what, what time is it? I need t' leave,nshit it seems late, is it late? I'm gonna...\" Clutching the edgenof the table, Tommy pushed himself up, stood for maybe three secondsnand started to fall over. Lucky for his face I'd gotten up when hendid and managed to catch him, but shit I'd never realized how densenhe was for such a short guy. I should've let him knock his teeth outnon the table. I struggled to set him upright, and his drunken ass wasnno help at all. \"Fuck Tommy, you'rensuch a lightweight.\" All his weight was on me, his head restingnon my shoulder and probably drooling on my shirt. \"You smell like pie.\"nTommy started into a laughing fit, but he started choking, probablynon his own tongue, and got quiet again. \"Shit, you can't gonhome all pissed.\" I exhaled angrily and shifted Tommy around.n\"Here, I guess you can sleep in my room.\" \"I ain't no trick,nTurk.\" He started laughing again, his eyes srunched into littlendark half circles. \"I'm not calling youna trick, I'm gonna sleep on the couch. God you're annoying whennyou're pissed.\" \"Shit mate, how muchnpie d'you eat? Yer face smells like blueberries.\" I didn't quitenunderstand how drunk Tommy was until he started chewing on my face,nand I couldn't get much more than a 'What the fuck Tommy' out beforenhe went and started sucking on my mouth. I threw my arms up, lettingnhim fall and smack the back of his head against the table. Moaningnand sprawled out on the ground, Tommy was not such a happy drunknanymore. \"What the fuck wasnthat, Tommy?\" \"Please Turk, c'n wentalk about it later, ah, I jus' wanna go to sleep, help me up, I neednt'...\" \"I'll help you upnonce you tell me what you were doing sucking on my face.\" \"God, damn it. I'm sonpissed, Turk, please, I drank too much, I'm pissed, jus', let me up,nI needa, ah, Turk lemme up, God.\" I wasn't much in the moodnto have him rolling around groaning on the floor, and I figured antable to the head hadn't done much good for him. Sighing loudly, Inpulled Tommy up and dragged him to my room, leading him like a blindnman to the bed. I tried heaving him onto the bed, but he'd clung ontonmy shirt so I ended up on top of him. He started sobbing and pawingnat my face, apparently gotten over the happy side of the booze. \"Turk, you, you'renthe only person who ever did anything for me, you know? It's alwaysnjust, everyone steps on me, and fuck I'm always just little girlnTommy, but you're the only friend I really have Turk, you're the onlynone who ever gave a shit.\" Tommy broke up again andnwent off into a coughing fit, finally letting loose of my shirt. Intook the opportunity to get the hell out of the room. When I got backninto the kicthen I could still hear Tommy making a racket. Everything had been putnback into order, at least as far as I cared, and the flat was silent.nI sucked on the cut I'd gotten from cleaning up Tommy's shatterednglass, tasting the faint iron. I walked into the bedroom, looked atnTommy passed out on my bed, and hesitantly sat down next to him. Hisnface was calm as he slept, and I realized how young the kid is. Ansmall smile crawled across my face. \"Glad you know Incare.\" ","Summary":" So after a bit ofnhaitus, I come back and hit you with...SNATCH. Possibly the bestnmovie evar. Rate"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Snatch","Author":"juicyjaguar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7486622","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ''What the fuck are ya tryin' to do? Mother of Mary, you're going to have us both killed!'' Sam was clutching the inside of the car door as if it would save him, should the car crash. I was always a terrible driver, and these dirt-and-gravel roads weren't helping the situation. I laughed Sam off as I clutched the wheel a little tighter; seeing him this terrified was worth behaving like a mental woman, considering he felt it was his job as my older brother to torture me whenever his life wasn't in my hands. Despite my better judgment, I looked away from the road to check the fuel gauge and was surprised to see that we were running dangerously low. I slowed down a little and glanced at my terrified passenger. ''We'll be needing to stop for gas soon.'' I said. ''There aint no stations 'round here for miles.'' I raised an eyebrow. ''Don't worry,'' He said, ''There's fuel in the trunk. We'll be in New Moordam in no time, the way you're driving... we'll make the funeral.'' An awkward silence quickly filled the space of the jeep at the mention of the funeral, hanging heavily in the air. I turned my head back to the road, about to pick up speed again, when I saw a small glint of light in the dirt just ahead of the car. I slammed on the brakes hard, causing us to jolt forward in out seats, but I had left it too late. I heard the sound of the tyres being shredded by the broken glass, and then of scraping metal; it was an ugly sound, more because I knew that this meant we would be stuck out here, in the heat of July on some dirt road that didn't look like it had been used in months. ''Fuck!'' yelled Sam, who then angrily flung open the passenger door and jumped out. Doing the same, I walked around to his side of the car to inspect the damage. ''Shit...'' I breathed, looking at the amount of glass lodged in the rubber of both the right side wheels. It seemed like half the air had escaped already, leaving the jeep looking lopsided. There was no way we could drive this car anywhere, never mind New Moordam. I stared at our our surroundings in dismay as Sam slammed the car door shut and cursed. The vast open space was surrounded by mountains. Trees and small lakes were scattered around the dusty plain, along with small hills and patches of yellow and green grass. ''Look at this.'' I said to Sam, picking up a piece of glass that still had part of a Coopers Brew sticker on it. ''Who the bloody hell is drinkin' all the way out 'ere?'' He said, grabbing the label from me and staring at it. It was around that moment we heard the shouting. Looking around, I spotted a group of men and pointed them out to my brother. They were gathered in a clearing, watching what looked like two dogs chase after a small - but very fast - creature. They talked excitedly as the dogs neared the animal, and some shouted in victory when it was eventually caught. ''We should see if they can help us.'' I said, and Sam followed me as I started walking in their direction. As we neared them, I could see what looked like a trailer park behind the clearing, near where the mountains began. Sam rolled his eyes. \"Great,\" he mumbled under his breath. \"They're pikeys. I fuckin' 'ate pikeys.'' The men looked up at us, halfway through exchanging money and giving the dogs treats. I could see a rabbit hanging limply from its neck in the larger of the two dogs teeth. When we got closer, a tall man with scruffy facial hair, an odd-looking hat over boyish-trimmed, dirty blonde hair and big blue eyes called out to us. ''What ya two doin' all the way out 'ere?\" He questioned, arching one thick eyebrow. He had a strange accent, like a cross between English and Irish - but not quite either. \"We decided it would be fun if we stranded ourselves in the middle of bloody nowhere.\" Was Sam's dry reply. I kicked him lightly in the shin and gave him a glare - we would, obviously, be needing help from these people. ''Our jeep ran over a broken beer bottle, and now two of our tyres are flat.'' I explained, deciding not to mention it was most likely their broken beer bottle. ''Would there be any way we could get new ones out here?'' ''We got some, but ya'll need to pay.'' ''How much do you want for 'em?'' I asked. The gypsy men glanced at each other, and one muttered something to the taller one. ''One grand.'' He said proudly, folding his arms over his chest. I glanced at Sam, who was glaring and had a rather large vein sticking out of his forehead. Turning myself and him away from the men, I asked him in a hushed voice how much money we had. ''We only have five hundred fucking dollars between us,'' He fumed. ''and I'd bet my house the bloody pikeys wont drop their price anywhere near that!'' I sighed as he turned back to them, still glaring. ''We can't pay that much.'' He said through gritted teeth. The gypsy laughed, his large blue eyes sparkling. He shifted his gaze from Sam to me, eying me up and down. I pursed my lips, suddenly self-conscious in my short, high-waisted shorts and low cut shirt. ''I tell you what,'' the traveler began, ''you c'n pay us what ya got now an' work tha rest of it off. It sh'd only take ya t'ree days.'' The damned pikey was still grinning. Sam took a sharp breath, probably about to tell him exactly where he can stick his tyres, when I put my hand on his shoulder. ''We can do that.'' I said. Getting out of the dusty, sweltering heat was now more of a priority than reaching the funeral. We didn't have much of a choice. I held the gypsies gaze, contemplating what the next few days held. ","Summary":" ''What the fuck are ya tryin' to do? Mother of Mary, you're going to have us both killed!'' Sam was"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Big Hoop Earrings","Author":"TarynWanderer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5296424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tommy met her at one of those terrible general goods stores when he was nineteen. He only ran in to get out of the rain for a minute, and pick up a new ledger for the office. Just one of those mundane little tasks that fills up all the free time in your life. So he stood there, staring at twenty different permutations of size, colour, and price, crippled with indecision. She worked there, eighteen years old, black ponytail, big hoop earrings. She picked one for him, ran it through, and gave him her number. And that made Tommy's day. Turkish scoffed, back at the lot, when Tommy showed up dripping wet and carrying a brand new notebook that was now more or less ruined by the rain. \"Must be stupider 'en you are,\" he muttered, but Tommy didn't really hear him. The girl, eighteen years old, black ponytail, big hoop earrings, met him for coffee and they ended up seeing some band at some club somewhere. Tommy wandered back to the lot, to the caravan where Turkish let him sleep since he started working for him half a year ago, and fell asleep with a big stupid smile on his face. A week later, and not a whole lot had happened except a film and a few more coffees, and Tommy made the mistake of calling her his girlfriend. \"Girlfriend?\" Turkish sounded bemused, standing at the edge of the ring, where Tommy held the bag for John the Gun, his entire body shuddering with the reverbs and struggling to keep upright. \"Since when?\" \"Since... well Jennie hasn't said it or anything. But that's the way it's going.\" \"Have you ever even been on a proper date? Do people your age even have girlfriends anymore?\" Tommy scowled. \"Oh shut up Turkish. Why are you being such a tit about this?\" He wasn't paying enough attention then and he ended up sprawled on the ground, John muttering a quiet 'sorry, mate'. \"Fine,\" Turkish grumbled. \"Don't listen to me. What would I possible know?\" That night Tommy and Jennie, eighteen years old, black ponytail, big hoop earrings, went to see another band she was supposed to know someone from and spent a long time talking in a kebab shop somewhere. And then he tried to kiss her. \"Agh,\" she said eloquently, pushing him away. He looked at her. She looked back at him nervously. And then they talked some more, but it wasn't as much fun. \"I'm really sorry you got the wrong idea,\" was the gist of what she said. \"But I like just hanging out with you. We can still be friends.\" Tommy didn't really know how to keep friends, though. He only really had one, and even that was only recently. He went home, bravely, and found Turkish still up, playing cards outside the caravan with Charlie and John the Gun. \"How was your date?\" Turkish asked, spitefully. Tommy looked at him, eyes wide and dark. Then he looked away, shrugged, and disappeared into the caravan. Turkish sighed, and picked up a few unopened cans of lager from under his seat. He followed Tommy into the caravan, and they talked. ","Summary":" Tommy met her at one of those terrible general goods stores when he was nineteen. He only ran in to"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Snatch: Mickey's Story after His Escape!","Author":"tre1401","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13054914","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own any rights to Snatch, all rights will belong to Guy Ritchie. Snatch: Mickey's Story after His Escape! Chapter 1 – Mickey's New Life Mickey, his family, his extended family, his friends and his extended families' friends, have all relocated to Mid-Wales, next to a field of sheep, on a new field just about flat enough to fit their dozen caravans on. They had taken the remainder of the caravans that they had and had managed to escape from any more dangerous job offers from Turkish and Tommy, avoid any more of Brick Top's boxing matches and avoid being arrested for the murder of about 40 Englishmen. The ratio of Pikey to Englishman murder was round about 1:6 people, a rather successful win for the gypsies! Mickey's family originated in Ireland, like most gypsy families would have, and they all have thick Irish accents which makes it very hard for anyone but them to understand what they are saying. There are not many Irish travellers in Wales and a lot of Welsh people speak Welsh in front of English-speaking people, they will do this so other people won't be able to understand them, because they like to be intolerable. A few weeks after the camp was set up, a celebration was started. In Pikey (and \"Normal\" Irish) tradition, celebrations involved a lot of heavy drinking, fighting and loud Irish Folk Music. Pikey celebrations also involve a rather violent and crass tradition called \"Grabbing\". \"Grabbing\" involves girls and women being grabbed by a man or a boy who likes them. They then have no choice but to go with the male and let the man dominate them in the ways he would like to. If the woman was to resist, she may risk being kicked out of the community and it would be hard to make a living in rural Wales if you were part of society, let alone a Pikey. Tonight, the first celebration was being held that the Gypsies were having in Wales. It was being held outside and in the farmer's barn in the next field. Mickey was sat outside on the steps of his caravan alone with a bottle of beer. His caravan was the largest out of respect for being the leader of the camp. Joe, Mickey's nephew, came over to him and sat down next to him with a burger in his hand. Joe was sixteen years old, he had Mickey's blonde hair, but his eyes were coloured brown instead of being blue. Mickey looked over at Joe and put his arm around his shoulders. \"How are you doing Joe? Have you seen anyone you like out there!?\" Mickey said, as he pointed towards the girls dancing to the Irish Folk music playing behind them. There was a grand piano in the band that Mickey's mother used to play. \"Ahh, I'm alright Mickey, yeah, but I feel a bit shit if I will be honest with you,\" Joe has less of an Irish accent than Mickey because he was raised in England. It still sounds significantly Irish, just Irish with more of a London twang in it. \"Oh! What's there to feel shit about? What's going on?\" Mickey said. He gave Joe his beer bottle. Joe took a long sip and said, \"Mickey, what would you do if you really loved someone so much, that you just can't stop thinking of them, even though you haven't really got to know them for too long?\" Mickey pondered over the question and he frowned slightly as he looked up at the stars. He clenched his jaw with a smile, looked to Joe and said, \"Oh, have you got your eye on a girl out there then Joe?\" He nodded his head to the girls dancing again. He assumed it was a girl Joe liked because being gay was not allowed in the Pikey community, anyone who was found to be gay would be kicked out, in a similar way to the women who would not obey the men. Joe then looked up towards the dancing people and frowned in the same smouldering was as his Uncle. \"You see Rita over there with the pink dress on? I like her,\" said Joe. Mickey looked over and saw the girl. She looked attractive with dark hair and white skin, her hair was tied up behind her head and she had a pretty smile that she sustained all the way through each song. She stayed in time with the music and it was clear that she loved moving to it. Her pink dress looked sparkly, but in a humble way, like she wasn't trying to stand out from the crowd. Even though she naturally did. Joe then looked up at Mickey and frowned again, more intensely this time as he also clenched his jaw. \"She'll think I'm a tool though Mickey,\" Joe said. Mickey looked to him and raised his eyebrows slightly at the centre, giving his face a curious expression. \"A tool! Why?\" He laughed after and took his beer bottle back from Joe as he tipped it all the way up into his face. Joe sighed. \"Because she's a lot sexier than me, I don't think that she would ever go for a lad like me.\" He sighed again as Mickey laughed loudly but in a kind way. Mickey then patted Joe's back to comfort him. He then smiled kindly at Joe as he remembered how hard life can feel when you are young, how little moments will often feel like a big deal. \"Listen here Joe, you go tell her you love her, you know why you should?\" Mickey asked with a cool expression. \"Why should I?\" Joe asked, feeling butterflies in his stomach. \"Because if you never tell her, you'll never know what she really thinks and what she will do, you should always tell someone who you love that you love them, no matter how stupid it might make you look.\" Mickey then looked upwards again as he drank another bit of his beer. He raised his eyebrows in the centre again as he tried to hold back the pain that was coming, that his next words will bring him. \"I wish I had told my ma that I loved her before she died... I should have thanked her for everything, for one last time… I never even said goodbye to her right before she was gone.\" Mickey then had tears building up in his eyes. Joe looked up and saw him so he gave him a loving hug to bring him comfort. \"I'll always love you, you know Mickey\" Joe said in a calm voice that sounded soothing to Mickey's pain. Mickey then blinked causing a tear to fall down his face. \"I'll always love you too Joe!\" said Mickey in a promising voice. \"Thank you for everything,\" Joe said, as him and Mikey then let each other go. Mickey smiled and messed Joe's hair up. Joe then had an idea, he quickly jumped up on to his worn-out shoes. \"Mickey! Can I play the piano in the band right now, maybe then Rita will think I'm not a tool!?\" Mickey laughed his tears away and lifted his beer bottle up towards the sky. \"Joe! That is a really good idea, yes, let's go over now and ask!\" Mickey then jumped up and put his hand on Joe's back as they both ran over through the crowd to the band, the music getting louder as the approached. \"Excuse me fellas\" Mickey shouted to the band. The band got quieter so they were able to hear him talk. \"Is it okay if my nephew Joe plays something after you on the piano, he's got his eye on a girl!\" Mickey said as he hit Joe on the back but in a loving way. \"Of course!\" Shouted the accordion player, who must have been the leader of the band consisting of a banjo, guitar, violin, drums and piano. Mickey and Joe then danced together as they waited for the band to stop. Mickey then told people to make some room for him, as he went up on his hand and walked forward. This caused the crowd to cheer loudly and start to chant his name. He then stood back on his feet and put his hands up to thank them. The cheers then quieted down as the band stopped playing. This then caused the crowd to boo for a second and complain. \"Oi! Everyone shut the fuck up for a minute! My nephew here Joe, will play the piano for us all now!\" Shouted Mickey, which caused the crowd to cheer. Joe looked up to Mickey and smiled, he felt really happy that Mickey was there for him. He then looked out to the crowd and saw Rita looking at him. He held her gaze and smiled warmly. She then returned a smile that looked so pretty to him that her face glowed and he felt a slight shake in his bones. \"This is just a simple song!\" he shouted to the crowd. He then sat down on the piano stool and pressed his fingers to the black and white keys. With his right hand he placed one finger on A and the D above it. He played softly near the high end of the piano (the right-hand side). He played an arpeggio with them as he went from A to D quickly after each other. It was a simple tune so far and he looked up at the crowed who were smiling and swaying lovingly towards each other. He then started to play chords in his left hand, accompanying the arpeggio of A and D in his right. The chords he played were D major, up to F# minor and then up to G major in their root positions. Some of the notes clash but it works for the song he was playing because it created a harmonic effect that sounded soothing. Joe looked up at Mickey, who had grabbed another beer and had his arm around his girlfriend Lillie. He and Lillie had been with each other for a few months. Lillie was currently eating a bowl of Ice Cream, one of her favorite foods is Ice Cream. She wasn't planning to have any kids, which suited Mickey, and she was wearing jewelry that she made out of the long grass nearby, she was an artist. They smiled at each other again and Joe laughed. He then slammed down on the piano and played the notes of the chords individually with the arpeggio, going from the root note up to the top note of the chord and then ending with the top note as the notes were played quickly. The crowd then danced quicker and cheered again loudly. Joe looked up and saw Rita dancing as she was laughing with her friends. He felt a sense of happiness just from the fact that she was happy. He then played the fast part for a while; a drunk crowd will not mind a recurring tune as much as a sober one. Joe then looked at Rita looking at him again, and he slowed the pace down. He then returned his song to its starting point and the adults in the crowd hugged each other and smiled. Joe then finished his song and the crowd cheered loudly for him. Beer bottles were pointed towards the sky and Joe felt a sense of wonder for the world as he looked towards Rita. Mickey then ran towards Joe and gave him a hug. \"Well done, that was great my boy, go and see Rita, I'll meet you later!\" Joe then walked towards Rita and her friends and said hello to them and they greeted him kindly. Mickey felt very happy with life right now. He looked up to the stars and thought of his mum. He nodded, took a sip of his beer and then walked away to see his friends near the bar in the barn. \"Hey! How are you doing?\" said Mickey to the biggest guy of the group of three. His name was Trevor and they hugged tightly with smiles. \"I'm good thanks Mickey, but there's no time for talk right now, we have a plan Mickey.\" His face turned serious and dominant and he looked towards the other members of his group for confirmation of their plan. \"Plan, what plan?\" Mickey said, as his face then matched Trevor's dominant look. \"In a town nearby here called Newtown, there is a cinema with about 50 fucking tonnes of lead on its roof,\" Trevor then smiled because he knew Mickey would find this statistic impressive. Mickey smirked and looked Trevor right in the eye. He felt a sense of adventure and money coming along. \"Okay, tell me the plan!\" Mickey and the boys sat down at a nearby table and smiled at each other, they knew that the gang was about to get back together! Chapter 2 – A New Adventure Starts Rita and Joe had talked for a while and had walked out into a nearby woods near the camp. Joe felt very happy walking and listening to Rita. He felt like he just wanted to hear her talk and he didn't feel the need to say too much himself. \"So, what would you like to do when you're older?\" Joe said to Rita, he was interested in her and he felt like he wanted to be with her forever, however stupid and crazy that might sound. \"I want to leave if I am honest Joe, I really want to see the world and explore whatever's outside of this camp!\" Rita said with such a huge smile, she had a sparkle in her eyes and she raised her eyebrows high on her head, as if they signified how high her hopes were as well. \"Really, wow that will be good!\" said Joe, he liked that she had a dream, he wished he had more of a dream for his life as well. \"Where will you go?\" He asked curiously. \"Wherever I want, I'll do whatever I want, imagine being on a boat where the Captain has not planned a route or a destination!\" Rita shared this idea with great passion, she was clearly very smart, a lot smarter than Joe first realised. Joe loved listening to it, he also loved listening to her ukulele playing that she showed him earlier in the night, but he found himself slightly confused by it all as well. \"But... if the Captain has no destination for his ship… then his ship will eventually get lost... it will then run out of supplies and it will sink... and his crew will die.\" Joe said this with an intelligent tone to his voice, intelligent sounding for an Irish Traveller anyway. This caused Rita to stop suddenly and look at him, she turned her head to the right and smiled, causing Joe to return a smile. \"I don't think I've ever thought about it like that before!\" she said happily. \"I've never met anyone as amazing as you before!\" Joe said, this took Rita by surprise for a second, Joe didn't mean to sound forward, he just felt it felt right to speak his mind, Rita then smiled at Joe, causing Joe to smile back. Joe felt very full with the pleasure that Rita filled him with, just from listening to her. Back at the camp, Mickey and his gang were preparing to go out into the nearby town called Newtown. The story will get boring if I explain the plan and then tell you what happens, so I will explain it and say it whilst it is being executed! Step 1: Mickey and Trevor run up to the side of the cinema with a big ladder. The ladder is long enough to reach the top, so after they place it on the wall they run up it and get on to the roof. Now they are on the roof, Jim and Ash (the other two members of the gang) wait at the bottom with loaded shotguns, in case any Police came. Step 2: Mickey and Trevor cut off the lead and throw it down into the truck that they drove in. They take about half an hour but they manage to gain their 50 fucking tonnes! Step 3: Mickey and Trevor slide down the ladder and jump into the front of the truck. Jim and Ash then dive in the back to look after the lead. Step 4: They all drive back to the camp with the stolen lead that they will sell in the morning and hide it behind a caravan. Step 5: Celebrate again! The four of them got so drunk during the night that they did not get up to sell the lead that morning. But apart from that, there plan went accordingly! Joe woke up the next morning and went to see Mickey in his caravan. He was tired from his hangover that was causing his brain to bang on the walls of the inside of his skull. He had enjoyed his time with Rita and he didn't want to be too forward, so he let her go to bed when she asked to. He loved listening to her and he definitely will try to see her again very soon. Joe walked into Mickey's caravan where Mickey, Trevor, Jim and Ash were all laying passed out on the sofa that went around the edge of one half of the caravan, next to the kitchen. Joe then woke Mickey up by shaking his shoulders roughly. \"Ahh, Jesus what time is it now?\" Mickey said as he woke and quickly grabbed his own head tightly, probably suffering from a much worse hang over than Joe is. \"It's about twelve!\" said Joe, \"Are you going to sell the lead today then?\" he said, as he pointed to the truck through the window. \"Ahh! Yeah, wake up, wake up boys!\" Mickey shouted as he hit the rest of his gang who had passed out next to him. \"Ahh! Fuck off!\" Shouted Ash, as they all woke and slowly stood whilst moaning and grunting heavily like a group of bears. They all laughed with each other like they were still drunk, the alcohol on their breath stank up the whole caravan. \"Hey you said some quite hurtful things when you were pissed to me last night Mickey! Started calling me a retard and all!\" said Trevor in a higher pitched voice than usual. \"Ahh don't listen to anything I say when I'm pissed, you know I didn't mean anything by it, don't worry!\" replied Mickey, as he gave Trevor a loving hit on the back. Trevor then walked over to the fridge and grabbed some more beer. The lead was probably not going to be sold today either, as the gang started to drink again! At the front entrance of the camp, a Police Car started to drive into the camp… This will postpone the selling of the lead for another day as well. Chapter 3 – Another Camp Lost BANG! The police knock down the door causing Joe to fall flat on his face as he cursed in pain. Mickey screamed and jumped up, punching an officer, knocking him clean out. He swore off boxing but if he needed to fight, then he would. Another three officers ran into the caravan with guns pointed at them all. \"Get out! Get out of the fucking caravan now!\" screamed the first officer, he had pale and sweaty skin, and he looked about twelve. The four of them all put their hand up and stepped out into the daylight, where all of the camp was looking over to see what the chaos was about. Joe was still on the floor, he looked up and saw Rita outside her caravan out of the window. He knew that if he was going to secure somebody's safety, it would be hers. Joe then jumped up and smashed head first through the caravan's kitchen window. Before the Policemen realised what had happened. He ran over to Rita and grabbed her, she looked up surprised. \"Rita we must leave, the Police are here for my family and we must go!\" Joe shouted towards her ear. She was shocked so she found it hard to speak, so she nodded instead. Joe then ran into Rita's caravan and grabbed a shotgun that each Pikey will have stored away in their kitchen. They both ran into a nearby woods as a policeman started to scream. They both ignored him and ran faster than they ever knew they could. The policeman in the caravan then woke up. He stumbled on to his fat legs and looked out of the window. He saw them running away and clenched his jaw, which was hard to notice under his double chins. The policeman then dived straight out of the same window as Joe, causing the whole caravan to nearly tip over on to its side. He screamed in pain as he landed awkwardly, but he managed to gain his footing and ran after them, gun in hand. Meanwhile, Mickey, Trevor, Jim and Ash were all being talked to in the middle of the camp by three officers, all being held at gunpoint. Suddenly, Lillie came running out of her caravan with a shotgun, aimed at the nearest policeman's head! \"Leave them the fuck alone you fucking sheep shagger!\" she screamed at him, her hands were sweaty as she held the gun, but she looked composed and calm, she knew she was doing what was right for her. \"Stand back now!\" screamed the officer, pointing his gun at her. As soon as the policeman moved his gun away, Mickey jumped up, on to his feet, and head-butted him, knocking him out. The policeman next to him panicked, he then shot Mickey in the shoulder, the bullet travelling through him into the side of his caravan. Mickey screamed which caused Lillie to panic. Lille then fired her gun at the officer, killing him. The final officer then shot Lillie. Mickey looked over at her, he stopped screaming. Lillie turned to look at him for the last time. Mickey saw her face in a different way than before. In the moments before death, people will no longer hide their true selves, because they no longer have to keep up a certain image that society tells them to be, or that they try to be for society. Lillie finally let herself be free and Mickey saw her true colours. He saw that she was someone who pleased everyone else, and she put other people before her, he saw that all this time she had been struggling and that she was tired. Mickey saw all of this through her dark green eyes as they slowly rolled back into her head. She then collapsed right in front of him. Every memory that they had made together, along with every wish, lost from her brain, as she lost consciousness of being alive and became removed from life itself. Mickey screamed and dived on the last officer, he head-butted him and kicked his head as he lay on the ground. The officer would not be getting back up for a while. Mickey then looked down at his wound as Trevor, Jim and Ash started to drag the police bodies' away, god knows to do what with. His wound was deep and was bleeding out quickly, if he did not receive medical attention, in at least the next hour, then he would suffer the same fate as his girlfriend. Back in the woods, Joe and Rita had stopped running. They were currently unaware of the policeman chasing them. They had stopped in an opening in the woods, where an abandoned windmill was placed on top of a hill. They sat down under a couple of trees near to where a fire had been made late last night during the celebration. They sat down on two logs and Joe moved Lillie's hair back behind her ear with his hand. \"Whatever happens, I just want to say that… I think you're so amazing and I am so in love with you, and I want you to know this, no matter how stupid it will make me look! From the moment I first saw you I knew that you were someone so special, I hope so much that you will get away from here and see the world, because I want you to be happy more than anything.\" said Joe, he spoke calmly but inside his head his thoughts were racing around and his heart felt like it was beating at about 300bpm. Rita smiled and tilted her head to the right. Joe leaned in and kissed her as a bullet travelled through them. Everything was silent. The world suddenly seemed so small in that moment, as if it was all revolving around one person, as if nothing else mattered in that moment to Joe apart from Rita. Rita fell down in front of Joe, the life knocked out of her by the piece of metal. Joe looked down at his chest and saw a hole in his heart. Somehow he managed to turn his head and face the fat policeman, who was grinning and panting behind them, holding the gun towards them. Joe reminisced about how lucky he was to have been with Rita and how lucky he was to have friends and family like Mickey. Joe's eyelids then cuddled over his eyes and he slowly went into a sleep he would never wake up from. Back at the camp, Mickey was lying on the ground. He felt alone. He should try to call for help from his friends, but he felt like force was sticking his lips together. A young girl then walked over to Mickey. She smiled at him, she must have been about five or six years old. She had a colouring book in her hand. She showed Mickey a picture that she had drawn. It was a woman carrying a gun. She was wearing gypsy clothing and she looked heroic, as if the girl had drawn a vision of what she wanted to be in the future. Mickey smiled at the girl and put his thumb up. The girl then replied to his gesture by making an okay sign with her finger and thumb. This made Mickey laugh and the girl then smiled. The girl then handed him an orange juice carton. Mickey took it and turned it around. She had drawn a cute face on it with a marker pen. \"For you!\" said the girl excitedly. Mickey's eyes suddenly welled up with tears. He looked over at the girl to say thank you, but when he looked at the girls face it had changed. His mother was suddenly staring back at him, with a smile on her face. Her face was glowing golden, so much beauty among all the chaos around them. Mickey then looked left and saw Joe standing there, he was with Rita and Lillie. They were all smiling at Mickey in his final moments. Mickey took a slow and deep breath. \"I love you all, thank you for everything.\" He whispered in his dying moments. His mother smiled so warmly towards him. \"I love you too Mickey… goodbye my boy.\" She said as she faded away, along with Joe, Rita and Lillie. \"Goodbye,\" whispered Mickey as he took his last breath. He smiled up at the sky one last time, and he nodded, as his soul left his body. THANK YOU FOR READING! I originally wrote this for someone who I thought was so cool and so sweet and someone who I pretty much fell in love with straight away! No matter how stupid that will make me look, it's the simple truth! However, I let really them down when they really didn't need me too and I said stupid things when I was feeling hurt. I lost contact with them. It took me a long time to realize that I was just hurting inside myself, and that I needed to sort myself out, this was part of the reason that I did stupid things in desperation, I was just lonely and lost within myself. This person was a superhero to me, and I wish that she realizes how awesome she is! When I think of a perfect girl, I'll think of her. I wish that everything falls into place for her one day soon! ","Summary":" I don't own any rights to Snatch, all rights will belong to Guy Ritchie. Snatch: Mickey's Story aft"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"You Might Get Run Over","Author":"TarynWanderer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2246361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: You Might Get Run Over Author: L0C- Taryn Wander'r Rating: R Summary: Life's too short, so love the one you got- 'cause you might get run over and you might get shot. Spoilers: None. Takes place sometime (a few years?) before the movie starts. ContentrnWarning: Drugs, swearing, and sex- more of an advertisement than arnwarning, really. Maybe too much intro and not enough pay off, butrnthat's the way it goes. Series: Not related to my other Snatch stories, but there may be a sequel. Disclaimer: Snatch and all recognizable characters belong to Guy Ritchie. \"You Might Get Run Over\" We're lying on the floor of my flat, staring up at peeling wallpaper, right, and there's this beetle right, and it's hanging bicariously- vicariously, um, it's hanging by like a thread on the side of this lamp, right, and then all of a sudden it takes off and lands with this crazy loud thud right by my head and scares the shit out of me. Tommy is lying next to me, sort of snuggled in for some reason but I think he's too stoned to move, because I know I'm too stoned to move, and I've spent entire nights with my head in strangers' laps giggling about stuff and I remember how the first time Tommy and me got stoned together he ended up fucken lying on the floor in this 24 hour shop freaking out and I had to fucken carry him home and that was the best night ever. I jerk around when this beetle hits the dirt, and Tommy clutches at me and says something but I'm too busy freaking right the fuck out. Holy shit it's a fucken beetle, I say, right, holy shit I hate fucken bugs, holy shit holy shit it's right near my face this is horrible. Tommy leans over me and just fucken stamps it with his fist and I lay there all wide-eyed, because that was kind of gross and Tommy never kills things. He wipes it off on the ends of his jeans and it's really gross, right, and then he just starts giggling and I start laughing too, and he slumps down on top of me and I can't fucken move im. I try to think of what I was talking about but I can't remember, I think it was Nirvana and Kurt Cobain but I can't remember, I have no idea what's going on. I can feel the hardwood beneath me, right, and it's digging into my head, and the only light that's on is this lamp and it's fucken burning a hole in my goddamned eye. And there's this music on, right, but it's this horrible new age rock crap whatever and what the fuck were we talking about? I try to piece together a sentence out of this thought at the back of my head, about Kurt Cobain being too stoned to pick up a gun because holy crap I'm too fucken stoned to pick up a gun, much less write a goddamned suicide note, and the bastard had everything in the world why the fuck would he kill himself, the dick? I would've been a great rock star, I tell Tommy, if I had more hair and knew how to play an instrument and liked rock music. Tommy just giggles into my chest and clutches at my shirt and fuck you've got a strong grip. I try to say something about Courtney Love and I think Tommy may or may not have called me ugly, I'm not sure, but I try to punch him just in case, because that kind of aggression cannot stand. This aggression cannot stand, I say, this aggression cannot stand. What the hell are you talking about? Tommy groans and rolls over so he's got his head pillowed on my chest and stares up at the ceiling. He makes this kind of humming noise, tunelessly, but he's really going into it. It's weird that they would say that about me, he says, because I'm not like that. You know I'm not like that. I don't know what he's on about. I thought we were talking about Nirvana but maybe we weren't. That could've been this running commentary, um, this running monologue in my head alone just to myself, and I wasn't listening to Tommy. What? I ask. They were so upset, just so upset, he says, and he rolls over and looks at me a bit with his cute little red eyes and his cute little black curls and you're so cute Tommy. It's weird they said that, he says, cause I'm not like that. I'm not like, like, camp, I'm not like, like, poofy, I'm like, I like guy things. I'm a man. He clutches at my shirt again, I'm a man! What are you... I forget what I was going to say. There's still this joint in my hand, I just remembered it, I've been holding on to it and it's burnt out and dammit we probably wasted some. There's a lighter lying near me and I strike it up again and it's all I can see. I have no idea what's going on. My head is full of cotton, right, and my sight blurs out on the side and I almost expect the scene to shift to something new like we're in a film. I breathe in some of the weed and I hold it there and I can feel my brain, right, I can feel it absorb it and this is proper and not cut with tobacco because then why don't you just smoke cigarettes? My brain is expanding, right, it like expands until it hits the insides of my skull and my head is all full of this brain and it's whoa and whoa oh my god I'm freaking out. I can't move my body I can't move my arms and suddenly one of them is around Tommy's waist and he's clutching my shirt, I'm a man, I'm a man! Of course you are, I say. Come and have some more of this. If you want more of this, I'll have the rest of it I don't care. Tommy stumbles around and I can't see anything for a while because it's all blurry and bright and I can't really hear because there's this music in my ears and my head feels weird lying on the hardwood but then Tommy's there leaning over me and he looks so tired, and he takes the joint away from me. I look up at him and he's so cute and I'm so tired and you don't have anything to worry about Tommy, you're not a poof, you're just gay, you'll get over it, it'll be okay. I don't really know why I said that but it just sort of came out and Tommy is kind of glaring at me now but not really, I can't tell. Whoa easy now Tommy, I say, because he's taking like the longest drag you've ever seen. Leave some for me, but he doesn't and wow for such a little guy you have a big lung capacit, um, capacity. He holds his breath for a while and I have no idea what's going on and then he leans down and kisses me, or something. He puts his mouth on mine and forces me open and breathes out and I get a lungful of secondhand weed except a lot of it is leaking out. It's kind of weird. Then oh my god I'm choking now and I cough and roll over and Tommy is giggling there on his knees next to me. Stop that, I say, I almost died I almost fucken died you almost killed me you bastard. I'm not gonna get over it, I can't get over it, I'm not, I'm not, and Tommy sort of kind of punches me in the gut OW! You're such a mean bastard sometimes Turkish he says and I say stop hurting me you dick I almost died you asshole you killed me! You're not dead. Tommy says. I roll over and grab his hands and the flat is spinning, this blurry mess of white light and yellow hard wood, and sharp cute Tommy, fuck me you almost killed me, fuck me you almost killed me, fuck me, fuck me, I almost died. Tommy can't stop giggling, stop saying fuck me, he says, you're not dead, and he pushes me over so I'm back where I was. He lays his head on my chest and we're still holding hands, you're not dead he says. I almost died, I almost died. I was almost dead. You're not dead, if you died I would die because that would be too scary, maybe we're both dead, we're not dead. We're not dead. Tommy looks up at me and tells me we're not dead and then he leans up and kisses me again and it tastes nice. He kisses me again and again and then he reaches his hands up and touches my face and I touch his and he's so cute. I almost died, I say, you could die so easily, you could die in the shower, you could get run over. Don't go home tonight Tommy because you might die, you might get run over, you might fall down, don't go home. Tommy giggles and says okay, and he brushes his lips against mine softly and it's so nice and we're not dead because when you're dead you can't feel anything. His lips are soft and sticky against mine, except for a little bit of stubble that we both have, and I can feel the littlest scrape of his teeth across my tongue. He catches onto my bottom lip with his mouth and sort of laps at it, sucking and teasing and biting, and I don't know how long we're going to lie here doing this but I don't care because it's so nice. I've never kissed Tommy or any boy before but it's so nice, it's rough and sticky and stubbly and he's so near to me. Tommy pauses a little and bites his lip, and then he leans back down to me and dips his tongue into my mouth, up against my teeth, and it's the closest I've ever been to him, so close we're almost the same. I slide my tongue across his and past, and up against the roof of his mouth, rough and cratered and we're moving so much and not at all, nuzzling our faces together like we're trying to be the same person, and I have no idea what's going on but it's like I've wanted this a long time even if I never knew I did. Tommy runs his hands up my neck and around my ears and it's so nice and I can feel it so much, I can feel his hands there and his mouth on mine more than the the music in my ears or the hardwood behind my head and he's so nice and soft and his hands are callused and scratch at my neck. I'm lying there with Tommy on top of me and I reach up to tangle my hands in his hair, because his hair is so nice and black and curly and makes me miss my own hair, except I couldn't pull his look off. I'm trying to tell him this but he's still sucking on my mouth so I settle for just pulling him closer and running my hands in his hair, feeling it all soft and clean and nice between my fingers. I move now and start kissing his cheek and his eyelids because his face is so nice, he's so cute and I just never noticed it before. Two years I've known Tommy, a couple of years, like three or four years, I've known him well. I knew him before just from around because we were from the same manor and our families knew each other but I didn't know him, not like now, he came to work for me a few years ago and his family doesn't talk to him and I never realized how cute he was until he was this close to me, until we were almost the same. I'm running one hand around the back of his neck and he leans into it and his eyes are closed and he looks so happy and peaceful. I feel around his face, run my fingers down his face and across his forehead, softly under his almond shaped reddened black eyes, his long long lashes and I push his hair out of the way. I have no idea what's going on and I can barely make him out but I can feel him, feel him under my fingers and in my mouth and I wouldn't give this up for anything. I'm rubbing his neck and he apparently really likes it, and I run one thumb across his lips, tugging his bottom lip down into a little pout, and he's so cute like that and he's looking at me shyly and I don't know how long I've wanted this but I'm so chuffed it's happening now. I've got one thumb on the corner of his mouth and he turns a little and bites it gently, sucking it, and it's so nice and his mouth is wet and hot and it feels so good. Two years I've known Tommy, like three or four years, and he's never sucked on my fingers, this is sort of weird. Fuck me, I say, you're so beautiful Tommy, what are you doing, why are you, and he doesn't answer but just looks at me shyly and he's got his hand over mine on his face. Suddenly I don't want to be lying on the floor anymore, I just have to move. I sit up and pull Tommy closer to me, my hand splayed across his face, kissing his neck roughly and harshly and he makes this panicky little sound. I grab him and sort of stumble towards where I think the bed is, and I'm holding his hand and he's just giggling because Tommy's one of those guys who can pull off giggling. Only when he's stoned, when he's drunk he has this all-out laugh that takes over a whole room and when he's sober it's always like he's trying to hide his laugh and is embarrassed but I like it when he giggles and I sit down on the bed and pull him into my lap and bury my teeth into his neck because I can't get enough of him. I want more and I want to be nearer but I'm too stoned to do anything but just touch him, which is okay because touching is good and he lets me suck on his neck and put my hands up his shirt and move them around, and his skin is so nice and soft and he sighs and squirms when I touch him. I run my hands across his back and his chest, his lovely chest, and his stomach and keep sucking on his neck and kissing him around his face, fuck me, he's so nice. He lets me undo the belt on his jeans and just looks up at me as I reach my hands in there, across his thighs which are so firm and nice and he sighs and rests his head on my shoulder, leaving his neck open to me for more kissing and biting and sucking because I want to so bad, I want him to be mine and I want everyone to know it and I want him to move in with me, I don't want him to go home because he might get run over and die and I would be gutted. I run my hands across his thighs, and over the top of his little bum and I never thought I'd be here feeling it but I'm chuffed as hell that it's happened this way. I reach in there and start feeling his dick and he moves against me, burying his face in my chest and wrapping his arms around me, gripping my shoulders and kissing me through my shirt. I feel my hands around it and I've only ever done this to myself or had girls do it to me but I want to do this for him, I want him to feel good because I want him to be mine and let me do this. Easy now Tommy, he's getting really worked up, squirming around like that with his jeans around his ankles, gripping my shoulders and sighing and moaning and kissing my neck as I touch him and kiss him and try to get closer than I already am, as close as I can because I never want to come down and I never want this to end, I like it up here. I can feel him against me more than anything, more than the music in my ears or the bed beneath me or even my hands on him, I can feel him on top of me and gripping me and looking up at me like I'm the only person in the world. So I'm kissing him hard and bringing him off and he starts to calm down, and we're hot and sticky and we just sit there kissing. I'm probably far too stoned to properly lay him out tonight but I don't care because I have my hands down his pants and my tongue in this throat, and I feel so high like I'll never come down, I feel like I've been run over by this whole Tommy and me thing and I never want him to leave and fuck me, Tommy, I love you. - I woke up the next day with puffy eyes and a pasty mouth. The thing about weed is that you don't get sick, you don't get hung over, but you do get mealy mouthed and depending on where your munchies left you, you can spend all day burping horrible little hash burps that taste like death. I shut my eyes against the bright white light and he wasn't there. I buried my head in the sheets and felt around and he still wasn't there. I hadn't lost him, him had run away. The sheets were soiled and the flat reeked of pot, a tingling mucusy smell that teases at the back of your throat. I opened a window and it was raining. There was traffic, a lot for this time of the morning, skidding in the rain and the fog and he had run off in that, probably not looking both ways and dodging at the last minute, like he always does. The spot where he had left his trousers was clear, the tall lamp was upright again, after he knocked it over in a fit of hysterical giggles throwing off his clothes. An empty mug with light brown tea stains; he hadn't even made me a cup. I eventually went down to the lot and he was pushing papers in the office, and he said hello and flashed a smile. His shirt collar was up higher than he usually wears it, hiding the bruises I know I left on his neck. His eyes were still puffy like mine and his skin looked pale and drawn out, not the rosy rich complexion he always used to have. His dark curls were greasy and uncombed and framed his eyes just so. He didn't talk about it and he gave me a look like he was asking me to forget it. Pleading, even. So I pretended I did. And we got on with our lives. And now, later, it seems to the rest of the world like it never happened. But it did. Fuck me, Tommy, I miss you. ","Summary":" Title: You Might Get Run Over Author: L0C- Taryn Wander'r Rating: R Summary: Life's too short, so l"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Cake","Author":"TarynWanderer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2554707","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Cake Author: L0C- Taryn Wander'r Rating: PG, pre-slash Series: Takes place with the samernbackground as my Snatch story 'Diamond in the Rough', but thingsrnwork out differently. So an AU of that. Disclaimer: Snatch and all recognizablerncharacters belong to Guy Ritchie. Author's note: Written in 50 minutesrnfor the Contrelamontre \"Birthday\" challenge. The last time anyone remembered Tommy'srnbirthday was when he turned twelve. It was his mother who rememberedrnit, which would make sense as she was the one doing all the work thatrnday. It was typically the only day of the year she paid any realrnattention to him. Or was nice to him when she did. To be fair, it wasrneasy to forget Tommy's birthday, being unfortunately timed as itrnwas after Christmas, and two days before New Year's. He came home after a cold day ofrnavoiding the street's other children, meeting greasy sad men hernalways felt a tinge of pity for, gathering the money his father wouldrndemand when he got back. Tommy got home, his father shouted at him,rnTommy gave him the money and his father took off. His mother woke uprnfrom her stupor on the lounge sofa long enough to smile gently atrnhim, give him a kiss and tell him there was a birthday cake for himrnin the refridgerator. It was a small cake, plain chocolaternwith plain brown icing, one of the off-the-shelf deals from Tesco, orrnMarks and Spencer. Except this was not a posh Marks and Sparksrnoff-the-shelf cake, that goes without saying. It was out of its box,rnand his mother had even taken the time to put candles on top of it.rnNot twelve- there wasn't enough room for twelve whole candles- butrnthere were four multi-coloured candles lovingly-enough impaled in thernTesco cake, their wicks already black from past use. It was a lovely cake. His father had already been there,rnthough, and a fist-sized gorge was missing from the front of it.rnTommy smiled warily, took the cake out and cut off the uneven edgesrnleft by his father's hand. He lit the candles and brought the cakernback to the lounge to share with his mother. It was the last goodrnmemory he had of home. It wasn't long after that beforernTommy left home. Tommy left with nothing but an old rucksack, tenrnpounds, a half-empty box of condoms and a black eye. He had grandrnplans about where he would go, fantasies of seeing the entire world,rnmeeting nice rich guys who would hole him up in posh flats in everyrnmajor city, until he was ready to move on. He had plans to be happy. He was in London three days later andrnnever had the money to leave, despite the amount of not-so-nice guysrnin London more than willing to pay him for what he had to offer. Arnfew years later he met Turkish and the rest, they say, is history. They had an uneasy, uneven relationshiprnthat grew into a strong friendship, the kind of friendship expressedrnby snarled insults and hard sneers. Tommy felt safe here, working forrnTurkish and, at first, sleeping in his box room. It was at Turkish'srninsistence that he finally got the courage to go and get the testrndone, and with the exception of a few small inconveniences, he wasrnclean. For the first time in his life he knew he was clean and knewrnhe had a chance. It was still hard, though. Tommyrndidn't make friends easily, living in the kind of place whererneveryone just wanted to take advantage of him, and clung to Turkishrnlike a life long. Turkish, in turn, didn't really like people allrnthat much, and half the time Tommy was convinced Turkish didn'trnlike him either. It was only a matter of time before Turkish turnedrnhim out. He told himself it was okay, and keptrntrying to save up money to leave again. Leave properly this time, forrnsome other country, some other world, where he would make a properrnliving for himself, meet a nice guy and fall in love. His dreams werernhigher now, of love and respect. But his attempts to start savingrnwhere always foiled by debt or drink or Brick Top and hisrnshenanigans, and his higher dreams of love and respect seemed evenrnfurther away. Every year Turkish absent-mindedlyrnasked him when his birthday was (usually on Turkish's birthday,rnafter Tommy bought him a drink), and every year Turkish would forget.rnIt was too soon after Christmas, when Turkish usually had to dealrnwith his mother and see the rest of his family which, while not toornterrible, was always stressful, especially given the fact that he wasrnstill trying to keep his less-than-legal profession a secret fromrnthem. It was too close to New Year's, a time which was at once fullrnof promise and dread, and usually they got pulled into organizingrnsome huge fight as part of some rich-acquaintance-of-Brick-Top'srnmassive coke-drenched New Year's party. And any work that hadrnanything remotely to do with Brick Top made Turkish understandlyrnnervous. And when Turkish was nervous, he usually started shouting atrnTommy. Which didn't make for a very happy birthday. Eventually Tommy stopped remindingrnTurkish, shrugging his absent-minded enquiries off with a casual \"itrndoesn't matter\". He almost convinced himself it didn't. The year he turned twenty it got prettyrnbad. They had made a promise to Brick Top that was unrealistic andrnTommy didn't understand why things went so south, but he was surernit was probably his fault. It was with snow on his shoes and a shamedrnface that he entered the business' office, which Brick Top'srngoons had recently cleared out. Turkish was going radge. He threwrnchairs, shouted and swore a lot, and almost made Tommy cry. \"I'm sorry!\" Tommy tried to shoutrnback, but he was never too good at shouting. \"I know I screwed up,rnbut I'm trying my best!\" He still wasn't sure what it was hernhad done wrong. \"They took everything , Tommy!rnWe have no cash , how the fuck are we supposed to eat thisrnweek!\" They didn't keep much of their money in a bank account,rnas it usually raised too many questions. They had a few accounts andrnstashes here and there, but that was all tied up in the business andrnnot for spending on living expenses. All their living allowance wasrnkept in cash. \"We have nothing until we can work again, and who thernfuck knows when that will be. Jesus tap-dancing Christ!\" \"Well,\" Tommy struggled with hisrnwords. \"It... we.. it'll be fine, we have the safe money. We canrnmake it until we work again.\" Turkish stood there, breathing heavilyrnand angrily, hands on his hips. \"I mean,\" Tommy tried again.rn\"That's what the safe is there for, right? One hundred pounds forrnemergencies?\" Turkish glared a little more, and thenrnhis glare faltered a bit and he looked away, nervously. \"There's...rnthere's not a hundred quid in the safe.\" \"Huh?\" Turkish sighed heavily. \"There'srnonly fifty in there. We needed the hundred a few months ago, I putrnfifty back for... I meant to put in the other hundred as soon as Irnhad the chance. The fifty is for you.\" He glanced at Tommy andrnglanced away again. \"I didn't want to spend that money. I wantedrnto help you start saving for a round-the-world ticket. It wasrnsupposed to be for your birthday.\" He righted a chair he had thrownrnand sat at the table, burying his face in his hands. \"Happyrnbirthday, I guess. Also there's a cake for you in the fridge. Getrnme a beer as long as you're up.\" Tommy was speechless for a second.rnEventually he found himself in front of the fridge on his birthdayrnagain. There was a small cake, plain chocolate with plain brownrnicing, an off-the-shelf deal from Tesco. Except this one was still inrnits box, and it was one of the posh Marks and Sparks kind. Tommyrndidn't know how he was supposed to react, but he couldn't takernthe silly smile off his face. He got two beers out, and found arnknife. Tommy supposed he was too old forrncandles on his cake, and anyways you couldn't fit twenty on thisrnone. He sat at the table with Turkish and cut the cake in half. Thernsilly smile was still on his face, even though Turkish was scowlingrnand looking away. Tommy was a little bit in shock and not sure whatrnhe was supposed to feel, and didn't want to say anything in case hernwrecked it all again. But he allowed a small part of him tornacknowledge that at least the love and respect part of his higherrndreams looked like they might come true. He cut the cake in half and pushed arnpiece towards Turkish, letting his fingers linger against Turkish'srnfor just long enough. He looked shyly up at Turkish and licked hisrnlips. \"At least we have the cake to eat,\" He said. It was a lovely cake. ","Summary":" Title: Cake Author: L0C- Taryn Wander'r Rating: PG, pre-slash Series: Takes place with the samernba"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"She's definitely got the minerals!","Author":"The Real Mistress Malfoy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4875188","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Snatch or any of the original characters. No copyright infringement intended. I own the plot and the OfC though. ;) A/N: Just a naughty little one shot on Turkish that I was having in mind for a while now. The bloke definitely moves on very thin ice when it comes down to his taste for women ... but check it out yourself ... Reviews are highly welcome. Have fun! :) She's definitely got the minerals! „I'd like you to meet my lovely daughter Delia, Turkish. I'm planning another bare knuckle fight in a few days and she'll be in charge.\" Brick Top said and glared at Tommy and Turkish, whose breath caught for a moment. Errol and John were towering over Brick Top as usual, their arms crossed in front of their chests, menacing expressions on their face. Turkish curled his lip and arched a brow at the girl. Brick Top had put his arm around his daughter's shoulder. She was small and slender. Her long auburn hair was framing her delicate features. Every man would want to drown in her dark brown eyes and let her kiss him to distraction with her full, pink lips. Absent-mindedly, Turkish licked his lips at the thought of it. If you met her somewhere downtown with her neat shift dress and the high heels on, you wouldn't take her to be the daughter of the Governor , a pig-feeding gangster, who was having a lot to answer. But Delia was also something like a prohibited zone - cross the line and you'll burn your coveting paws. Word had it that there were a lot of lads who had had to learn it the hard way. Oink! Oink! „I've gotta go now, Turkish. I've got some piggies waitin' for me, you know.\" Brick Top's voice jerked him out of his thoughts. „Delia will make the arrangements with ya.\" Turkish gave him a curt nod and Brick Top left without another word. „Well then, Delia, name the conditions.\" Turkish drawled, not averting his gaze from the small woman in the black shift dress. „That would still be Ms Pulvit for you, Turkish.\" Errol cut in gruffly and built himself up menacingly in front of Delia, his face set in stone. „And what the fuck do you think you're staring at, you filthy piece of shit, huh?\" Turkish let out a derogatory snort and looked at Tommy who stood next to him and whose face was set in stone. „Shut your mouth, Errol.\" came Delia's voice. It was velvety but firm. She brushed past Errol who gave her a bewildered look. „I want to talk to you, Turkish.\" she said and pursed her lips, resting her brown gaze on Turkish's face. „I private.\" she added and went to the door. „Follow me!\" Delia demanded and opened the door. „But ...\" Errol protested, his eyes flickering. „I said: Shut up, Errol.\" Delia gave him a warning look. „I believe I won't get bitten. You don't bite, Turkish, do you?\" She screwed up her full lips into a smirk. Turkish arched a sharp brow and followed her. When he passed Errol, he deliberately bumped into him. Errol let out a growl, ready to punch Turkish in the face but Delia threw him another warning look and he stopped. Through gritted teeth he hissed, „You'd better watch out, boy!\" „I believe, you've got yourself another ardent admirer, Delia.\" Turkish drawled coolly when they entered the gym. The stale air was filled with a mixture of sweat, cold smoke and old leather. In the middle of the room there was a boxing ring, where two men, built like trunks, were performing a sparring match. „What the hell are you two doing?\" Delia barked. Turkish froze at the resoluteness in her voice. „You're not fucking training for the ballet. It's supposed to hurt .\" Quickly the men resumed their sparring. ' Like father, like daughter. ' Turkish thought. When she turned her attention to him, he furrowed his brow and looked down at her. „Well then, ...\" she began, looking at him with her large brown eyes. He locked on to her gaze. „the fight will take place in four days. We're using Rob, the raging Ox and I want the pikey. Do I make myself clear?\" Turkish nodded. „It's said that the pikey can't count properly.\" Delia continued sardonically and drew nearer, starting to trace the lapel of his coat with the tip of her index finger. Turkish cleared his throat artificially and gave her a forced grin. Delia bit her lower lip and threw him a provoking look in return. „He has to go down in the fourth. We don't want to lose our bets. Understand?\" „Yes.\" Turkish replied in a low voice, feeling somewhat uneasy. „Fine.\" Delia crooned and pressed her lips together. „I'm glad we've figured that out then, Turkish .\" „Ev'rythin' alrigh', Delia?\" Errol's voice came. Delia let out a sigh. „Yes, Errol. Nothing to piss your pants about.\" she answered coldly. Turkish let out a breathy laugh. „I think we're through.\" she stated and gave Turkish a questioning look. „Well, uhm, there's still one last thing ...\" Turkish began. Her eyes darkened and her features tensed up noticeably. „What is it?\" she asked curtly. „... the pikey says he won't fight if we don't get him a caravan. Your father ...\" „And what's that to me, Turkish?\" she cut in, her voice as cold as the blade of a knife. He furrowed his brow again and stared into her well-proportioned face. „I don't have the money to ...\" he tried it from another angle. „Well then, think of something.\" a grin spread on her face. „Alright?\" Turkish snorted and gave her another strained smile. „I'll see you in four days, Turkish.\" Delia indicated their conversation finished and Turkish understood immediately. „See you ringside, Delia.\" he replied and turned to go. A glum expression on his face, Turkish left the building, Tommy at his heel. „This codger is definitely softening to his own detriment in his old age.\" Tommy ground out grumpily, trying to keep up with Turkish, who only let out a growl in return. „Plonking his little girl right in front of us isn't too clever, innit?\" Tommy continued. „I doubt she's got the minerals to deal with us .\" Turkish let out a laugh of disbelief. „She's not to be sneezed at, Tommy. She's Brick Top's daughter and believe me, she's got the minerals.\" „What makes you say that?\" Tommy questioned. „I know it, Tommy.\" Turkish threw his partner a warning look. „And now, get into the car, we've got to talk to that bloody pikey again.\" „Ah, there you are, sweethearts.\" Brick Top's voice came and Turkish froze, curling his lip. „Need some more time to powder your little noses?\" Brick Top's words were dripping with sarcasm. „Where's your daughter?\" Turkish asked surly. „I thought she's the one in charge.\" „Watch your tongue!\" Errol growled, but Brick Top mentioned him with one swift movement of his hand to stop. „Delia had to placate some betters. It might have slipped your mind, but all we are waiting for is your fuckin' pikey!\" Brick Top thundered. „Where is he?\" Turkish drew a deep breath, his mind racing, not knowing what to say. He himself didn't know where that bloody pikey was right now. „I'll go and find him.\" he finally ground out and stormed off the room, leaving Tommy behind. The door to the bathroom flew open with one loud bang. Turkish curled his lip and zipped up his trousers. Then he walked to the wash basin. When he faced her, he froze. „What are you doing here?\" Turkish asked, sounding confused, his brow furrowed as usual. The look on his face caused her to give a little laugh. She let her eyes wander over his tall frame as he was standing there right in front of her, dressed in his crisp tailored suit. His face still was still the one of a schoolboy to her. But it were his eyes that were touching her to the core. There was this mixture of sadness, worry and alertness in them and it was driving her crazy. She took a step forward, whispering, „I had to see you.\" His expression was unreadable but he let out a snort and shook his head once in disbelief. „Are you mental?\" he muttered under his breath. Turkish backed off when she inched nearer, her heels clattering on the floor, but in the end he found himself with his back to the wall – literally. Delia traced his jawbone with her index finger, her face very close to his now. He could feel her hot breath on his face and cleared his throat once more. A muscle in his jaw started to jump, but he remained silent when she started to place short but gentle kisses on his throat, at the same time unbuttoning his shirt nimbly. Her hot lips travelled up to his lips, while she clawed his now bared chest with her red fingernails. Turkish let out a groan and grabbed her wrists to stop her. Delia gave a throaty laugh and continued to kiss him. „Delia.\" Turkish ground out between two kisses. „Stop it.\" His words just goaded her on. „What is it, Turkish ?\" she purred provocatively. „Usually you're not that shy.\" Delia wriggled in his grip and he let go of her. Now her hot moist breath was caressing his neck and giving him goose skin, while her mouth wandered north towards his earlobe. Turkish turned his head in one rough movement when she tried to nibble it, but his inner defence was melting away like snow in the first warm rays of sunlight at her relentless touch. Delia's hands advanced southwards to his belt. She began to fiddle around with its buckle, licking her lips impatiently. „Come on , don't be such a killjoy.\" She urged and looked up at him. Turkish knew immediately that any resistance was futile. He still wanted her so badly. He nudged her chin gently to tilt her head a bit. She licked her full lips once more, staring at him with those stunning brown eyes. „Your father will kill me.\" he stated in a low voice and drew her nearer, starting to kiss her throat, very passionate, very demanding. She gave a chortling sound when he whirled her around and rushed her against the side panel of the stalls. „At least you'll die a lucky man.\" Delia answered dryly with a wry grin on her face, locking on to his gaze. Turkish laughed, then he turned his attention to her neck again, grinding his hips against hers. „However, I've already told you last time, that dad isn't as bad as everybody thinks.\" Delia let out a breathy moan and grabbed his shoulders. „Are you taking the piss?\" Turkish muttered, still caressing her throat. „He's not that bad.\" Delia whispered, her breathing erratic now. „Certainly.\" Turkish ground out. „Oink, oink.\" he added which caused Delia to laugh. Then she grabbed his face, demanding, „Shut up and kiss me.\" He obeyed, causing her to give another moan, his hands under her shirt now. She tugged at the zipper of his trousers, when the door to the bathroom flew open again. Delia froze, so did Turkish. He let go of her and backed off. „John.\" Delia said and crossed her arms in front of her chest. „What are you doing here?\" John asked, warily eyeing Turkish and her. „I was just giving him a good dressing down for the pikey not turning up today.\" Delia said and patted Turkish's cheek patronisingly. „Right, Turkish?\" Turkish nodded and threw her an admiring look for how firm her voice was, how convincing. „With your hands on his crotch?\" John muttered, his expression mirroring disbelief. „I see.\" „I just wanted to rise the tension.\" Delia drawled casually. „Do you want me to show you how it works?\" Turkish noticed that John blushed slightly. John cleared his throat and said, „Whatever. Errol is looking for you, the pikey's finally turned up.\" Then he turned to one of the urinals. „Great!\" Delia said and side-glanced at Turkish, who was buttoning up his shirt. She noticed a stain of lipstick on its collar. „See you ringside, Turkish.\" „See you ringside, Ms Pulvit .\" Turkish replied and furrowed his brow. ' She's definitely got the minerals. ' he thought, his senses still fogged from what had just happened. Quickly he left the bathroom, heading for the boxing ring. Love it? Hate it? Something in between? Questions? Suggestions? - Let me know, I appreciate it! UPDATE: I just read CosmicGirl22's story \"All bets are off\" after she reviewed my story. I found that our stories are similar in the setting - this was not intended. I'm sorry about that and I'd appreciate it if you'd read her great story too. And please don't forget to review after reading it! ;) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Snatch or any of the original characters. No copyright infringement intende"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"The wrong trailer","Author":"Is0lde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2191585","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The wrong trailer --- Author's note ","Summary":" The wrong trailer --- Author's note"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Drank","Author":"TarynWanderer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5296422","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Turkish told Tommy not to answer that letter. He told Tommy it was a stupid thing to do, but the day wouldn't be complete if Tommy didn't do something stupid, as Turkish as was fond of saying. It was like an episode of Neighbours or a pint at the local- after too long wthout you'd feel that absence. Tommy was due something stupid. The letter arrived on a Monday morning and sat there on the floor under final notices and in-the-red bank statements. On Wednesday Tommy dug it out, wide-eyed and surprised by a genuine letter, address written in a shaky, aged hand in black ink on a crumply brown envelope. \"My father is in town,\" He said on Friday, sweeping the corner of the garage where Turkish's fighters trained. \"What?\" Turkish said eloquently, mouth full of cold milk, leaning against the caravan. \"Yeah, er...\" Tommy stoically didn't meet Turkish's gaze, busying himself with cleaning the make shift ring. \"He's back in town. He's on this programme, and part of it is that you're supposed to find people you used to know and apologize to them,\" Tommy was still facing away from Turkish, shaking his head to flick the hair out of his eyes. \"He wants to see me this weekend.\" Turkish didn't say anything for a little while. \"That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.\" There was a flash of Tommy's dark eyes then, up and away, defensive and disappointed. \"It's not stupid. It's a clinically proven thing. There are these programmes and they change peoples' lives.\" \"I see.\" \"They work. He's been on it for a while. He says he's stopped drinking. Why would he lie about that?\" \"I don't know.\" \"I mean he tracked me down and everything. You don't do that unless you mean it, yeah?\" \"I suppose not.\" Tommy still wasn't looking at Turkish, his hands gripping the broom tightly. His voice broke. \"I want to see my father again.\" Turkish sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. \" I know.\" he said softly. \"So,\" Tommy didn't even let Turkish have a chance to dash his plans. \"I'm going to meet him tomorrow. Just to talk or something. You don't have to get involved.\" Well, what was Turkish supposed to say to that? He bit his tongue and tried to think of something useful, but came up blank. \"It's your choice, Tommy, but I think it's a bad idea,\" He said. \"It's not-\" \"I know what I'm doing!\" He saw Tommy's eyes this time, his whole face, conflicted and weary. \"Right, yeah. Of course you do. Just don't say I didn't warn you,\" and Turkish took off to deal with something else. To be fair, Tommy was esctatic all weekend. He had met his father at the local for a pub lunch. Turkish didn't want to think about how awkward it must've been, but then his own father had never bothered to track him or his sisters down. Tommy's father did bizarre fatherly things those two days. He took Tommy to a film, to the zoo, bought him candy floss and a football. Tommy brought him around to the garage on Sunday so he could see where he worked. He introduced him to Turkish, smiling nervously, gagging for approval. Tommy's father was a skinny, repulsive man, his back hunched over and his eyes obscured by a low cap. His skin was rough and dry from years on the drink. He looked nothing like Tommy. Turkish shook the man's hand and refrained from punching him right in the gob. It was Tommy's nervous smile, and the hope in his dark eyes, that kept Turkish's pride and bile down. That night he lay awake in bed with Tommy curled up next to him, clutching his chest. \"Did you know your father?\" Tommy asked. \"My father's dead. You know that.\" \"But did you know him?\" \"Not really.\" Tommy moved restlessly across the sheets. \"I thought my father was dead for a while. For a while I sort of hoped he was dead. Is that really terrible?\" Turkish shook his head in the darkness. \"No. I think a lot of people feel that way,\" There was a silence. Turkish was lulled by the sound of Tommy's breathing. \"My father sent money all the time. He was good about that. But he never talked to us. Never even sent a birthday card to me or my sisters. We were just his little mistakes, the three of us.\" He felt Tommy nod against his shoulder. \"I was a mistake, too.\" Turkish leaned down in the dark and buried his face in Tommy's hair. \"You don't owe him anything,\" he said sternly. \"No matter what he says or does now. You don't have to do anything for him.\" Another nod against his shoulder. \"I know,\" in that small, unsure voice Tommy only ever used around Turkish. The next day, a week after that letter arrived, Tommy's father came 'round and asked for a job. Turkish grit his teeth and against his better judgment and for Tommy's sake, he told the man he could go flyering at nights to promote their weekend fights. Tommy's father was around during the days when Tommy minded the bandit or swept out the ring. The word \"poofter\" made a few appearances, but he laughed when he said it and if it bothered Tommy he didn't show it. But this part of town was dirty and dark, the rooms where they slept and the bedsit where Tommy's father stayed were cold and damp. It rained, and everyone in this burrough lived on a quiet helplessness, a thinly disguised rage, at the world, at their loved ones, at themselves. They all tried so hard, and one by one they all gave up. Turkish understood all that. He knew what it was like to try and fail, he knew what it was like to come from a precedence of disappointment, he knew what it was like to sabotage his own life and not even know why he was doing it. Turkish knew all about the hardness in the pit of his stomach, the driving desire to dull everything, to smother it all. Turkish knew all about weeks spent drinking hard and long until there was no anger left, no helplessness, no thoughts, no feelings. Turkish knew all about it. So he wasn't too surprised when Tommy's father came back on Tuesday night, drunk as a poet and belligerent as a Glasgow dock worker. Tommy was crestfallen. The next few days there were arguments, the word \"poofter\" was upgraded to \"cocksucker\", and not for the first time, Tommy got his heart broken. On Thursday no one showed up to go flyering. On Friday Tommy's father's bedsit was empty. On Friday night, no one would have noticed a change in Tommy if they noticed him at all. He closed up the bandits, and assisted Turkish at the fight, and stayed out of everyone's way. Later they sat in the caravan, waiting for Gorgeous George to wake up, and Tommy stared at the table beneath his hands, two bottles of beer untouched in front of him. \"It was a stupid thing to do,\" he said eventually, softly, in that voice he only ever let Turkish hear. \"Well,\" Turkish sighed, softly running a hand through Tommy's hair. \"Now you know.\" He saw the corners of Tommy's dark eyes as the young man nodded minutely. Then they drank. ","Summary":" Turkish told Tommy not to answer that letter. He told Tommy it was a stupid thing to do, but the da"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Hell Hath no Fury","Author":"aries200","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3828352","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: OK, I'm gonna give this another go. But i really must be honest, the response to my previous story was less than encouraging, i like feedback and i am greatful to that one person who reviewed, i don't care if you flame, i find them kind of funny, but just be aware that if it's a signed review i will take a look at your own profile. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Well, this was a fine mess he had gotten himself. Tommy had to hand it to himself, he'd never imagined he could screw up quite so badly. Now, you might be thinking, what kind of trouble could a man who had uncovered a diamond the size of a fist get into when, by now he should have thousand's, perhaps even millions of dollars from selling said diamond. I mean how hard is it to bribe yourself out of a jam? Well, let me enlighten you, old habits die hard, and Tommy still tends to speak out of turn in the presence of dangerous people. This dangerous person is Jasmine Lenore. A full head shorter than himself, coppery red hair slightly shielding bright blue eyes, the girl doesn't look like the type to cause trouble, but that's only because she's identicle to her twin, Charlotte. Charlotte, her sister who never speaks out of turn, had taken a job at a local bar that Brick Top's former associates inhabit. Of course, Jasmine couldn't let her work in a place like this with on her own, so she helps out too. Tommy wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary for a place like this, i mean sure he's pretty tipsy, but what did you expect in a pub? Charlotte was walking by and he commented on how cute her behind was, simple as that. Jasmine was in ear shot and could tell that it had embarrassed her sister, even though she wasn't letting it on. So, she confronted Tommy and he didn't take in a single thing she had said, he merely claimed he was positive he was seeing double. He then asked if they had a triplet. OK, so it's not THAT offensive, but what Jasmine lacks in stature she makes up in temper. I believe you are now caught up. Tommy's POV \"Well, is there a third? Cuz i'd sure like to meet her,\" I'm talking funny! I don't think this lady likes what i'm saying though, her face is turning red. Maybe if i give her a hug she'll like me more! I step closer to her and wrap my arms around her in a tight bear hug, she started yelling something that i couldn't understand over all the noise. I let her go. What happened next gave me a shock. She slapped me! Which i definitely couldn't understand considering i'd just hugged her. Who doesn't like hugs?! Apparently she thought i was regarding her too closely, next thing I knew I was on the floor totally unaware of what was going on around me, with a nasty stinging sensation in my left cheek. ","Summary":" Author's Note: OK, I'm gonna give this another go. But i really must be honest, the response to my "},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"Growing Up Pikey","Author":"ikilledmercutio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2617626","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so I finally broke down and decided to post my first fic... Please don't review if you're just going to be an ass about my writing. If you don't like it, oh well. I'm not here to pleasethe nit-pickers.The first chapter's really short, I know.. but it's just getting things set up so I don't make things confusing in the later chapters. Hope you like it. DISCLAIMER: Any movie characters are not owned by me, they're Guy Richie's... the insufferable bastard... But Grace and a few others are from my own sick mind.. and they do belong to me. --------------------------------------------------------------------- I've been told by many that I am one strange individual. Well. What would you be like if you grew up with gypsies? Yes, gypsies. Not as in some messed up looking crazy people from cartoons and TV shows that portray them as witches and side show freaks.. They do exist and they're real people just like everyone else.. just a lot more.. colourful.. It's not like they'll put a voodoo curse on you or anything or dance around a fire naked.. Well.. Maybe they've danced around a fire or two, but not naked.. and it probably had to do with an insane amount of wiskey being consumed. That's not too uncommon with us.. The first time I got drunk off my ass was when I was thirteen.. Which is actually rather old for that, mind you.. But that doesn't matter.. That's not what I'm going to tell you about. What I'm going to tell you about is a man named Mickey. Yeah, as in Mouse. But don't let the name fool you, he's no ponce.. I'll have you know, he's the toughest out of all of them here. His name Mickey O'Neil and I've known him nearly all my life.. Perhaps I should start by telling you a bit about my life.. My full name is Amelia Josephine Grace Antoinette LaCroix. My mother was known for never being able to quite make up her mind.. hence the four names. She told me I could pick from them what I would like to be called.. And I chose the plainest out of all of them, Grace. I never knew my father, and as my mother claims, neither did she.. My grandmother was a gypsy, and after she died, my mother left the clan, taking me along with her. I was only two years old. She tried to make a name for herself in the \"outside\" world.. She worked several jobs to feed both her and I and keep a roof over our heads.. But it didn't last too long.. When I was five, my mother was suffering from leukaemia and knew that she didn't have long to live.. she didn't know what else to do with me.. She wouldn't trust me to an orphanage so she took me back home, the only place with people she could trust.. Back to the clan, to be raised by my \"aunt\" Celine, of whom I have no real relation.. but we're all like a family anyway, so what does it matter.. I've lived with her ever since. As you can imagine, being raised here has given me a far different life from that of a city girl. But I don't mind much.. I've learnt things here that they never will.. They will probably never trust as many people as I do in their life as I do.. I know people say that gypsies are not to be trusted.. But the people who say that have no idea what they're talking about. They haven't spent time around us and don't have room to make assumptions like that.. We're not quick to trust others outside of the clan, but I've seen people outside us become accepted, it just takes some time - and no one's going to waste their time with gypsies, so they'll never learn the truth. I'm going to stop going on and on and let the story tell itself. This is my real life with the clan, this is how I became into the person I am today. And it all started with him. ---------- And that's it for now. I've got the other chapters written I just have to go through and edit a bit and I'll have them up as soon as I can. Let me know what you think.[Chapter 2] Grace left her aunt's trailer quickly and the door closed behind her with a sharp snap. She padded along the soggy grass and her eyes scanned the fields in search for the boys. She smiled as she spotted the group of them and went after them, pushing through the tall weeds as best as she could. She ran as fast as her rain boots would allow up to the boys, whose backs were all facing her. She smiled and stepped around them to see what they were doing. They were standing there, holding the collars of three dogs, their eyes searching the plains for something she didn't see. She frowned as she looked around, getting on her tip toes to try and spot what they were all searching for.. All of the sudden one of them gasped and called, \"GO!\" All three of the dogs were let go of all at once. The boys all watched the dogs, paying to attention to Grace, not even giving her a second glance. Grace frowned and went to Mickey nudged him with her shoulder. \"What are you doing?\" She asked. Mickey glanced down at her for a moment with furrowed brows before looking back out over the fields and saying without looking at her, \"Nothin', Grace. You go back home, you shouldn't be out here.\" Grace frowned as the other boys glanced at her and nodded in agreement. \"Aye, yer just a child,\" James agreed. Grace furrowed her eyebrows and said defensively, \"I am not a child! I'm thirteen and three quarters, I'll have you know! I'm nearly fourteen years old!\" Mickey looked down at her and rolled his eyes. \"Aye and I'm three years older than you, and I say go.\" His voice had the annoying tone that told her this was no suggestion. Grace frowned and turned to look in the direction of the dogs. Her eyes grew wide and her lips parted as she sucked in a sharp breath. \"WHY ARE THE DOGS RUNNING AFTER THAT RABBIT!\" She nearly yelled as she watched the dogs tear after the rabbit, right on its heels. Grace looked to Mickey with wide and innocent eyes and she cried, \"Mickey! They're gonna catch it!\" He drew in a deep breath rolled his eyes at the child's ignorance, \"They're suppose' to, you daft girl, now back home,\" he snapped. Grace clenched her jaw and shoved Mickey as hard as she could, surprising him and nearly knocking him off over. She then turned and ran, sprinting as fast as she could after the dogs. Mickey looked to the others in horror and they looked to him, as if she was his responsibility. He muttered a string of curses under his breath and hitched up his pants as he shook his head and ran after her. He caught up to her quickly and ran in front of her, nearly sending her crashing into him. Grace stopped herself just inches away from Mickey. \"Get outta my way, Mickey!\" She said sharply as she went to go around him. Mickey's arm caught her around the waste and pulled her back around towards him. \"Grace, I'm telling you. Go back home,\" Mickey said, holding her still in front of him with his hands gripping her by the shoulders now. Grace glared at him and shook her head, some of her hair falling from its loose ponytail. Mickey grabbed a hold of one of her hands and began to tug her along behind him. Grace squirmed and tried to get out of his grip as she tried to plant her feet firmly on the ground, but Mickey's hold was too tight, and he was far too much bigger than her. She managed to wrench her hand out of his and made another dash towards the dogs, letting out a sharp whistle causing one of the dogs to nearly trip over its four legs as it came to a halt and looked around dumbly. \"GRACE!\" Mickey yelled, now losing his temper with the girl. He grabbed a hold of her arm and turned her around to face him. \"I'm taking you an' leaving you to yer aunt m'self..\" He shook his head and let out another string of curses as he turned to pull her behind him yet again, his grip like iron around her wrist. Grace pursed her lips and kneed him in his groin.. Not enough to cause a great pain.. But painful nonetheless.. Mickey let go of her in shock and gasped. Grace bolted the other way away from him. Mickey growled and chased after her, not caring about being gentle this time, and taking her to the ground. Across the ways, the boys laughed as Mickey stood up, him and Grace now covered in mud. He picked Grace up like a rag doll and tossed her over his shoulder, Grace went of course, kicking and screaming. She hit his back as hard as she could and screamed incoherently about animal and child abuse. Mickey ground his teeth and took deep breaths, as he reminded himself that she was only a child and didn't understand any of what was going on. As he reached the camp grounds Mickey went to her aunt's trailer and swung the door open and went in, closing it quickly behind him - the door coming frighteningly close to whacking Grace in the head. \"Ms. LaCroix?\" Mickey called as he dropped Grace on the couch and looked around. \"Where's yer aunt?\" He asked, looking to Grace. Grace glared and shrugged. \"She was still asleep when I left.. But that don't matter - you were letting those dogs hurt that poor rabbit, you great monster!\" Mickey looked at her and rolled his eyes as he let out a frustrated sigh . \"It's not the first time, Grace - if you cared so much you would have noticed before,\" he told her. Grace narrowed her eyes and shook her head. \"It's the first time I've seen it, and you know it! It's not fair, Mickey!\" She argued, but he cut her off before she could continue her argument. \"Nothin' in life is fair, Grace. God takin' yer mother wasn' fair.. You not havin' a father isn' fair.. But that's how it is, and you'd better learn it quick. This world hasn' been fair to you, and it won't be, ever. I'm sorry, but that's how it is.\" Grace got to her feet and watched him for a moment, her eyes beginning to fill with tears. Mickey's eyes softened and his lips parted. \"Grace,\" he said softly. \"Grace, don't cry, darlin'..\" He stepped towards her and Grace shook her head as she pushed him away from her, \"No, Mickey! Leave me alone!\" She yelled as she went to the back to find her aunt. Mickey watched for a moment and sighed, shaking his head in confusion. If there was one thing he would never understand, it was that girl. He turned to leave, but as he reached the door, he heard Grace let out a blood curdling scream.[Chapter 3] Mickey turned quickly and ran for the back of the trailer where Grace had just disappeared. He found her standing frozen in her aunt's doorway, her eyes fixed on the floor. Mickey followed her stare, he spotted her aunt's lifeless body lying on the floor - her eyes staring up at the ceiling and jaw sagging .. \"Joseph - Mary mother of God!\" He said, taking Grace's hand quickly and pulling her from the trailer. He shouted for someone to go see to her aunt, and a few of the older men and women scurried into the trailer worriedly. Grace was struggling against Mickey to go back in after them, but he held her wrists tightly in his hands. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she shook her head and wept, her thin body shaking. \"She can't be.. it isn't fair..\" She kept saying under her breath as she fought against him. Mickey took a deep breath shook his head as he and tried to ease her emotions, as well as his. He felt immense sympathy for the poor girl who had already lost so much.. He pulled her into him and put his arms around her small frame, \"Grace, quiet.\" Grace's hands pushed against his chest in a slight resistance, but she gave in and put her head against Mickey's chest as silent tears flooded down her flushed face. Mickey pressed his lips together tautly as he wrapped an arm around her and rubbed her back with the other. He rested his chin on top of her head and closed his eyes as he worried for the child who'd just lost the last of her family.. \"Ssh, it's gonna be alright.. Grace come with me..\" He told her quietly, still holding the her against him but beginning to walk towards his mother's trailer. Mickey's mom stepped out of their trailer and looked towards Grace's curiously. \"Mickey, what's goin' on?\" She asked. Mickey shook his head and gave her a look. \"Not now, ma,\" he said. \"You see to it fer yerself.. I'm takin' her in..\" And with that, he opened the door to the trailer and helped Grace inside. When Mickey's mom returned to her trailer, she found Mickey sitting on the couch with Grace, who was curled up asleep under a blanket. Her head was resting on the pillow in Mickey's lap. Under the pillow, Mickey had applied an ice pack to here Grace had kneed him earlier.. Mickey ran a hand through her hair just as his mother used to do to him when he was younger.. He looked up to her and rose his eyebrows questioningly.. But he didn't have to ask.. He could tell by the way she was looking at Grace and from the redness in her eyes that her aunt had passed away. He let out a long sigh and shook his head slowly. \"It ain't fair, ma,\" he said quietly as he shook his head, his words contradicting himself from earlier.. His mother nodded slowly and went to sit across from Mickey in her large rocking chair. \"I know, Mickey. But you know that isn' the way that life is. She'll find some good from it..\" She watched the sleeping girl fondly before looking back up to Mickey with a smile. \"I want her t' live wit us,\" she told him quietly. Mickey rose his eyebrows and looked to his mother surprised. \"What?\" He whispered. His mother frowned and told him sharply, \"You heard me, boy! Where else does the child have t' go? You tell her when she wakes that I'll make up yer old bed for her.\" And with that, she got to her feet and crossed her arms as she awaited his response. \"I will, ma,\" he said. His mother nodded and went to the back to make up the bed. Mickey sighed and looked back down at Grace, his finger traced her brow gently as he watched her sleeping quietly.. at least she could find some peace in that. When Grace woke up, Mickey too had fallen asleep. His arm was now wrapped around her, his head tilted back against the wall, and he was snoring quietly. Grace's eyes grew round as she looked up at for a moment as bit her lip lightly and she tried to sit up without waking him. Mickey grunted and twitched slightly, his grip around her tightened.. Yet he still did not wake. Grace's eyes grew wider at this and she rose her eyebrows and leaned back against him, and his grip relaxed. She furrowed her eyebrows and narrowed her eyes slightly, but have a soft sigh and reluctantly closed her eyes, trying to fall back to sleep. Moments later, Mickey opened his eyes and looked around. He glanced down at Grace and let out a soft sigh. His back arched slightly and he yawned and shook the sleep from his mind. He glanced at the clock on the wall and his eyes grew wide - he'd been asleep for nearly two hours. He looked back at Grace, wondering if he should wake her and tell her about her aunt.. He winced and bit his lower lip lightly.. if she hadn't already put it together yet he certainly wouldn't wake her to give her the news. Mickey sighed and put his legs out in front of him, one of them stinging slightly from being in the same position for too long. \"Ah, bugger,\" he muttered as he shifted from beneath Grace's dead weight. He picked her up easily in his arms and walked her to the back room as best he could with his one leg still tinging. He shifted one of his arms out from under her to pull back the sheets quickly. He then laid her gently down upon the bed and pulled the covers up over her. Grace stirred and gave a soft sigh as her eyes opened slightly and she looked around. She looked up and spotted Mickey standing above her. She began to sit up as she suddenly became aware that she was no longer on the couch. \"Me mam made me old bed for you,\" Mickey explained. \"She wants you t' stay wit' us..\" Grace pressed her lips together, a part of her was still angry with Mickey. She wanted to argue with him and insist that she would be fine by herself.. But she knew very well that she wasn't.. so she nodded reluctantly. \"That's very kind of her..\" Grace said softly. \"Get some sleep, Grace,\" Mickey told her quietly. Grace nodded, looking up at him sheepishly. This roused a smile from the gypsy, and he tousled her hair gently before shutting the door quietly behind him. AN: Thank you so much for the lovely reviews, you guys! They made my day. ","Summary":" Ok so I finally broke down and decided to post my first fic... Please don't review if you're just g"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"А может быть, всё было наоборот?","Author":"The Orangest Child","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9806676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'To live as a monster… or to die as a good man?' He waited a moment, searching for something in Lester's face – but didn't seem to find it. He rose and headed downstairs – calmly, in no hurry. Obediently. Submissively. Proudly. God only knew… Lester stood up with some strange longing inside – he didn't really know what he wanted to accomplish. ' Teddy !' The name escaped his lips. Teddy didn't look back. But the very moment the name left Lester's throat, a millisecond before it dissolved in the golden still air – two tickling, knocking syllables – Ted-dy… the very moment he said it Chuck Aule suddenly became aware of himself. It was absolutely incredible, it was nearly impossible, but Chuck woke up. Again. He looked around, a little surprised – for not more than a second. Sudden pain pierced his skull and only a rich background, knowing pain, and a thought – a pounding, overwhelming knowledge that the almighty Dr. Cawley was too close – only that thought kept him from falling down. He just shut his eyes for a second and gritted his teeth. He grasped at the thought and forced himself to open his eyes again – and look. ' I told you...I told you about my wife. I...' On unbending legs Chuck climbed up the stairs and leaned onto the wall, biting his lower lip fiercely not to scream. The memories overfilled his mind. ' I climbed down a cliff to get you. I...I trusted you. I...I...I risked everything to come in here after you. Everything!' This was the difference between 'Lester Sheehan' and Chuck Aule, and the same was the difference between 'Andrew Laeddis' and Teddy Daniels. The imposed characters didn't have any memories of their other lives. But Chuck had, oh, how well he remembered everything now! How painfully clear it was! He remembered the dirty background of Dr. Cawley's game all too well. They forced Lester Sheehan onto him. Of this he was now completely sure. He was aware of himself, Chuck Aule, the federal Marshal, in that suit they dressed him in – not his, so utterly not his… Chuck moved his shoulders. Pain in the head was still terrible, his only real wish now was to go away and hide somewhere, swallow a handful of pills and fall down – never to get up. But he thought of Teddy, whom he, however unwillingly, betrayed. Now it was his duty to save him. The duty as a Marshal, but also… squinting with pain, Chuck looked at Teddy's back as they went down the trail and towards the gate. The lighthouse. He had to do it for Teddy as his friend. As a man for whom Teddy risked everything. As a man once trusted – even though then the two identities, the real one and the forced one, were switching places in his head. As long as they were a team, their skins didn't belong only to each one respectively. They were together – they had to be. Okay, well, he thought against the pain. He understood he wasn't Lester Sheehan, but it wasn't a good idea to publically renounce the name yet. After all, the doctor was more of a man in this game than Chuck Aule, right? He straightened. In his head pulsed the pain – a gift from the good doctor. Chuck smirked to himself sadly, then quickly regained his seriousness. He had to help his friend. In theory, a plan was quite easy to invent. Chuck was never dense, although not as pretentious as many. But first of all he had to get to his room and get some aspirin there – real aspirin… He shook himself ? Like hell it would be. No aspirin for the leading character. He remembered Teddy – he was heavy in his arms, and he suffered , and now Chuck felt him like never before. Okay, he thought, biting his lip a little bit harder. He knew where the medicines were stored, and if he hurried he could as well get there fast enough. He didn't care much for explaining himself to anyone. After all, he was a doctor, and not even the most sadistic one, this was the way they programmed him – he remembered. In the empty corridor his footsteps were a little bit too loud. He couldn't control himself, his heels clicked on the floor nervously, and he could only thank heavens that there was no one around. Another flash of memory blinded him for a moment, overwhelming with pain ' You are Doctor Lester Sheehan…' Fear and pain, fear and pain. He screamed. He cried like a baby, writhing on the floor. They surely knew how to pull his strings. He leaned onto the wall for support. His fingers clenched into a fist involuntarily, he hissed. It all was an experiment. The very first, that's why it was that painful. ' It will pass', this was what Dr. Naehring told him. 'Such an interesting game, such an interesting experiment, huh?' After all, this was for the science's sake. Fear and pain. Fear and pain. The reality became solid again. Chuck pressed his back against the wall, panting. The consciousness returned to him and he was again able to think.'Now I'm like Teddy', - he thought. 'With headaches and hallucinations and haunting past. How funny'. But then he became aware of where he was and on what purpose. He straightened. The pain was pulsing in his temples, but after the flash of memory it wasn't all that scary. He looked around quickly. Thank goodness, nobody had passed by. Nobody to thank, only the heavens. Chuck looked up and saluted at the ceiling. - Dr. Sheehan? He turned a little bit too quickly. A nurse was standing behind him, examining him carefully. He could swear she hadn't been there before. - Ah, miss Chapman! – he shot her an adorable smirk. - Are you okay? He shrugged nonchalantly. - Yes. Yes, of course. Why'd you ask? - You seemed a little… - she stopped, piercing him with her stare. Chuck's smile grew wider. - Oh, my dear, we are all mad inside… She looked away under his stare – more confident than it had to be. Chuck took a step at her. - Listen, dear, could you do me a favour? - What, doctor? She looked up at him again. He smiled charmingly, seeming more arrogant than he ever could be. Then raised his eyebrows a little and licked his lips. - You know… I would like to be with Mr. Laeddis on his procedure. Could you ask if this is possible? She frowned in put-on distrust. - Dear miss Chapman, you have to understand me, - Chuck insisted softly. – I'm a doctor, what's more, I'm his primary doctor. I would really like to see everything. - Why didn't you come immediately, then? – she kept on staring at him suspiciously, and Chuck began feeling tickly around the throat. A little more – and she would win. He couldn't let her. - I was a little… disoriented, you see, - he said, looking down with a little smile. You know, I had high hopes for this time… the fail was quite unexpected and, I must say, unpleasant to me… could you please ask quickly, before they have the time to start?.. She nodded, still unsurely. - But please hurry, - Chuck reminded, trying to hide his annoyance. He was getting ticklier and ticklier in the throat. Miss Chapman turned and quickly walked back down the corridor. A few times she looked back to him. Chuck was watching her until she disappeared behind the door. Then Chuck turned and went quickly in the opposite direction. He had little time. Now that the rush had passed the headache returned, even stronger. Besides, he could guess he somehow betrayed himself… When Miss Chapman came back with two orderlies – Chuck could never tell them from one another – he was standing on his place, leaning onto the wall. - Come, Mista Sheehan, - one of the orderlies called. – You will go together with Mista Cawley now. Chuck smiled and nodded. - Yes, let's go. And he headed after them, trying to step carefully enough not to make any odd sounds with the five syringes with sedative he had in his jacket pockets. He had been scared to death as he grabbed them and hid them quickly in his pockets. He was trying desperately to regain his breath as he smiled at the two accidental orderlies passing by. They seemed to walk everywhere in pairs, and that was suspicious. Cawley took the front seat, and Chuck and two orderlies were pressed into the back. He cursed himself for being so ungracious as he covered his pockets with his arms carefully, trying not to break any syringes. - Are you sure you want to see that, Lester? – Cawley asked after a few minutes of silence. Chuck sighed. - Yes, Dr. Cawley, - he said confidently. – You know… I would really like to be with him, not just have the result in front of my eyes… - You might be surprised at what you see, Dr. Sheehan, - Cawley warned, and it sounded strangely menacing. A wave of pain hit Chuck's head, but he just pulled a little face. - He's… strangely touching, you know, - he decided finally. – How he trusted me… how he thought I was his partner… - Maybe it would be better not to hurt him? – Cawley suggested with a little smirk – Chuck could see it as the doctor turned his head a little bit. - I… just really want to be there, - he said. – Can you spare me a little curiosity, doctor? This phenomenon… and this man… - Yes, I understand, - Dr. Cawley nodded. – And I guess Dr. Naehring would understand you even better. The car stopped by the moorage and the orderlies guided them on, to where on the beach was resting a light motor boat. Chuck hadn't seen it before, it probably was used to get to the lighthouse when the tide was high. To the lighthouse. As they were entering the lighthouse, the orderlies pressed somehow especially close to Chuck. - You may leave now, - Cawley dropped, and they seemingly fell off. – Take care of the boat, if nothing else. I will call you. Before putting his foot onto the first stair, Chuck pulled himself up. He couldn't show Cawley his back. He could clearly see they were all suspicious, and they weren't alone now for nothing. He had to neutralize this one obstacle while he could. - Why did you stop, Mr. Sheehan? – Cawley's voice called from behind his shoulder. Chuck turned calmly but quickly and looked in the doctor's eyes. - I'm just… a little bit afraid. - How strong is the pain? Chuck pulled an uncomprehending face, but Cawley's hand reached in his pocket and that's when Chuck understood the game was over. The rush overwhelmed him again, and the headache flowed off. - You heard me well, didn't you, Chuck? – Cawley said calmly. – Well-well, and how long ago did the hallucinations return? Chuck reached in his pocket nonchalantly and pushed the cap off the needle of the nearest syringe with his thumb. - A while. - Oh, - Cawley tilted his head to the side, he clearly noticed the motion of Chuck's hand. – Must say you're a terrible actor, Chuck. Even though your friend Teddy is a zero at all. You should have known better… - I would pay to look at you if you had to work with this headache! – Chuck glared at him, stepping up one stair. It was his style – to seem courageous, with this put-on bravery he was hiding his own brutal clumsiness of a soldier. Now he envied Teddy. He couldn't waste time. - Well, at least this would work as a stopping factor, - Cawley began, but at this very moment Chuck noticed the tiny motion of his hand in the pocket. He jumped onto him, grabbing his right wrist with his free hand, and pressed him to the floor with the weight of his thickset body. He didn't even care where the needle went until it was there – in Cawley's neck. The body under Chuck's softened quickly. Cawley dropped his own needle, and Chuck carefully took it. - I need this more, - he told the body, sniffed, and hurried up the stairs. Somebody could have heard something. They all together were much stronger than him – alone. The only way out was to outsmart them… But even here Chuck envied Teddy a little. His friend with his flexible mind could come up with a brilliant idea. Chuck's own plan reminded him too much of the movies, where the hero saved the day. It was a miracle that everything worked so far. On his way he put two syringes into his trousers pockets. Teddy didn't fight. He was calm. The thing was, he wasn't entirely sure of anything anymore. There were two worlds, and he remembered both. In his concept, to get a life in one world he had to kill his consciousness in the other. This seemed to be the concept the doctors were forcing on him, and he decided to try it. Maybe it was better to kill off Teddy Daniels. Maybe it was better to live the rest of his life a stoically calm statue of Andrew Laeddis, or whatever they wished to call him. His head hurt. He wanted that calm. He didn't have anything to hope for. First he had Chuck. Chuck was the very last thread tying him to himself. Now he didn't even have Chuck. Chuck was Doctor Sheehan. Lester. And if even Chuck wasn't real… then what was? He had nothing to live for. All he could live for was dead. His wife. His children… or did he have any? He didn't know any more. The only thing he knew for sure existed in the present – Chuck – was now killed off too. Thrown off, as an old skin of a snake. A snake, he thought. What a great metaphor… he smiled to himself. They fastened his arms and legs to that special bed that looked rather like one for torture. Electric shock, he thought. We don't want you hurt. He looked at the faces over him, silently hating them – but he seemingly had no more strength for the rage that had been driving him forward. Not now. Doctor Naehring and three orderlies. At least his face wasn't among them, he thought. They left him in blissful ignorance as to whether the only friend, the man he gave up everything for was fake or not… 'Thanks, Chuck', - he thought. 'Thank you for sparing me this one last hope. Thanks to everyone who didn't let you in here…' The door opened. Doctor Naehring over him raised his head. - Oh, doctor Sheehan? We were expecting you. Where's doctor Cawley? - He'll be here in a second, - the voice replied. Teddy closed his eyes. 'No'. He was completely, painfully alone. They surrounded him – four people, four faces over him. - Doing pretty good, huh, Teddy? – Doctor Sheehan asked. The next moment two orderlies fell heavily to the ground with a muffled sound. Chuck jumped over Teddy and knocked the doctor off his feet. Chuck was heavier and stronger, what's more he was probably rather unexpected. Teddy tried to turn his head, but it was fixated and he couldn't see anything. There was shuffle, then he heard sounds of blows, then Chuck rose, kicked something on the floor with a bitter smile – Teddy could guess it was the doctor's body – and wiped his nose with a sleeve of his jacket. Then he hurried to unchain Teddy. Only then Edward seemed to understand what exactly was going on. - Chuck… - he whispered. - Me, boss, - Chuck dropped habitually. The manner of addressing was so old and simple, but it felt strangely good. – Wait a moment until we can finally go back and blow the lid off this place. Here… like this… The bolts squeaked as he removed them with his trembling fingers, wincing with pain. - You're free, boss, - he said finally, wiping sweat off his forehead – where did it come from? – Let's go, they know that I'm aware. I'm one shit of an actor… He chuckled – gosh, it felt so good at least knowing that they were sane together! Teddy sat up and caught Chuck's shoulders. - Wait… is this really you? I mean, aren't they kidding me again? Am I okay? Is it you, Chuck? Chuck Aule? - It's me, boss, - Chuck nodded, raising his eyebrows in a pained expression as he understood he couldn't prove it anyhow. – You're okay, believe me. They've been fucking with both our heads, but now it's alright. I don't know how to prove it, so you will have to trust me again, like you did… all I can say to justify myself is that it wasn't my fault. - I know, - Teddy smiled a little. However painful was the disappointment when he saw Dr. Lester Sheehan in the dark lively eyes of Chuck's, he kept refusing to believe he was really just a psychiatrist. And now he willingly believed his friend – after two days he already felt like an old friend. He was just about to draw Chuck in and sigh with relief when his partner grabbed him under his arms and put him on his own two feet. - C'mon, boss. We have to go, and fast! The ferry was just coming to the moorage as I passed, it SO can leave, especially if they warn the captain! Teddy just nodded and followed Chuck down the stairs. - You look pretty fucked, - he remarked as they ran down. - Not only you have those headaches, boss, - Chuck dropped. - Since when? - Since I became aware of myself again. Teddy just nodded empathetically. They stepped over unconscious Dr. Cawley. Chuck kicked him – couldn't resist. - If I didn't need the remaining needles, I'd give him some more treat. With the bastard you can never be sure. C'mon, boss! - Wait, - Teddy caught his arm. - What? - D'you have any idea how we're gonna get out of here? They have the guards around… Chuck glanced down, remembering the details. - There are two guards on the lighthouse island, and two orderlies. Have this, - he handed Teddy a syringe. - Gonna knock out the guards? - Right, - Chuck nodded. – I doubt any one had to warn the guards about my return to sanity, so you see. Cawley thought I was a dum-dum. Not so fast bastard! - he addressed the unconscious doctor, then turned to Teddy again. – We knock'em out, take their rifles – better than nothing – and take over the motor boat. Sounds like a good plan, huh? Teddy nodded. -Yeah, about right. And the masterminds will be held back here. He hid the syringe in his pocket. - Exactly. C'mon. The guards were standing at the gate, examining Ted and Chuck with two heavy stares. They were ready. Chuck and Teddy could just stop in between them, turn and do their job. They could see the orderlies a little further away, smoking by the rocks. They were tired of this job. In another moment they would be able to rest. They were close enough to the guards. Two simultaneous sharp moves – and two heavy bodies fell to the ground. The orderlies turned to them and shouted something to each other. Chuck and Teddy were quickly disarming the unconscious guards. Two shots. Two orderlies fell down. - To the boat, - Chuck commanded quickly and ran forward. Teddy reached for him and caught his wrist on the run. He squeezed Chuck's am with his fingers and it was such a comforting feeling – to know he wasn't alone, he had someone to run with, someone to hold on to… - What are you doing, boss? – Chuck didn't flinch away, his slightly puffed voice didn't even sound surprised. - Not gonna be left alone again! - Teddy replied with a little smile. Chuck smiled to himself. After all, he didn't mind, despite his partner's grip being a little bit too tight. Teddy trusted him, and they were together again. This was all that mattered. They reached the boat quickly and Teddy was right about to get inside it when Chuck put his hand on his shoulder. - Can you steer this thing? - I guess it's about the same as driving a car. Well, it's worth a try, I s'pose? - Better give it to me, - Chuck licked his lips. – It was long ago and I think I forgot everything by now… but maybe my hands still remember… - What, you had a motor boat? - My old man had, - Chuck smirked. – A nice old can, but I guess the principle is the same everywhere. The only thing is, these have keys, like cars. Go search the orderlies. - I won't go alone, - Teddy shook his head in almost panic. Chuck sniffed. - Oh Teddy… okay, let's go, but fast. They can wake up. One of the orderlies did have the key in his pocket. Chuck fished it out and tossed the body away with disgust. He didn't know when he had become so sensitive. 'Maybe I'm just getting old…' His head hurt, but he didn't pay attention. This time the partners reached the boat without any distractions, pushed it to the water and got into the seats. Chuck started the boat – the motor purred, then the sound grew louder, turning into roar. - Hold on there, boss! – Chuck shouted. – They will be waiting for us at the moorage, armed, I give you a hundred percent! Teddy nodded. - I'll be ready! - Here's just hope that they didn't arm the ferry crew! - Wait, aren't be gonna go right away to the mainland?! Chuck knocked at the control panel. - Fuel! - was his short answer. - Sorry for the inconvenience, boss! Teddy sighed, but Chuck couldn't hear that through the roar of the motor. He steered the boat kind of clumsily, but one could guess he had had some practice before. Chuck turned the boat away from the shore and picked up speed. Edward checked on his shotgun. Their main concern was the crew, he thought. The guards were too far away. If they wished they could try and reach them, but why waste bullets? Their main concern would be the crew. They would rapidly leave the island behind, staying with a bunch of angry and scared people, and that's when they might have problems… - Boss? – Chuck called. - What, Chuck? – Teddy asked loudly, so that his friend would hear him. - If something goes wrong and one of us has to go on alone… I don't want you to remember me a traitor. Just please remember that it wasn't my fault. Hm? Teddy smiled bitterly. - Of course, partner, - he said, looking to Chuck. – The only thing is, we'll get out of this together. You heard me? Chuck nodded and smiled to himself. The moorage showed up on the edge of sight, and Teddy understood that his partner was right. The dark crowd was swarming there, and for a second it reminded Teddy of the rats, of that long painful minute when he was looking for Chuck – when he finally understood how scary it was to be alone… - Hide, boss! – Chuck called. He himself sank lower to hide his head. He only needed to keep the boat going straight forward for a while. - Did you see the ferry? – Teddy called, trying to shout over the first shots and roar of the motor. - Yes! – Chuck managed, moving close to Edward, keeping his firm hand on the steering. – It's far enough form the moorage, but we can get there! We're going right to intercept, if my eyes didn't fool me, we will just have to turn in the right place. - Aim at the crew! – Teddy shouted into Chuck's ear, looking out for a second before quickly hiding. But Chuck just shook all the cartridges out of the rifle, then closed the magazine and fixated the steering with the barrel. - Have the cartridges, boss, - he said. – I don't wanna lose a hand. Teddy nodded quickly. - Yeah… yeah, you're right. - Don't look outta there until we get close enough to the ferry! – Chuck warned, leaning even lower as the bullets whistled, slicing the air. - On the second thought… how many cartridges do they have, at all? – Teddy made his presence known in a second. Chuck raised his head and his dark sly eyes sparkled at Teddy. For a moment something Lester-ish appeared in them. - Fuck knows how many, but they must once run out, hah? - So far they don't care about how many they waste, - Teddy shouted over the hurricane of sounds. Chuck shot him a smirk. - You bet… He carefully raised his head just a little, careful to keep safe, then quickly hid again. - We're approaching! – he informed. – You'll have to shoot, boss! Teddy nodded. He adjusted his rifle to the right from the glass, aiming at the crew of the ferry boat. They were closer than he expected. He felt their own little boat speed up a little – Chuck wasn't wasting time. The crew gathered in one little curious crowd. Only the captain took a place at the starboard side with an old shotgun, aiming at Teddy. He seemed to be the only one armed. The captain shot first. The bullet broke the glass and Teddy shot back, but was rather disoriented and missed. The captain must have been aiming for his head now. Teddy hid again, but as he was trying to drag his rifle with him he felt as if something burned his hand. He gasped and grabbed the wounded hand. The rifle fell and hit him. - What's there, boss?! Teddy just roared quietly in pain. But Chuck already saw the blood. He quickly took off the tie – he was still wearing it. - Give me that, boss, - he called, leaning in closer to Teddy. - Wh – what?.. - Your hand! Quick! Teddy gave him his right hand. It was bleeding profusely. Chuck wrapped his tie tightly around Teddy's hand. - This is better, boss, - he said with a little reassuring smile. He was so close that Teddy could feel his warm breath, so he didn't have to shout. – C'mon, give me that. Teddy handed him the rifle – his hands were trembling slightly. - Okay, okay, - Chuck muttered, moving away. – Now, boss! – he was shouting again. – When I say, you turn the steering like that, - he showed the motion. – You hear me?! Teddy nodded, collecting himself and leaning on his left elbow. - If you are too slow, we will hit that ferry! Edward nodded again. He was ready. Getting a bullet in the hand wasn't the worst thing that could happen, right? Chuck adjusted the rifle on his side of the glass and leaned down a little. His position was a little more vulnerable as it was closer to the moorage where the guards were, but they were probably running out of bullets, not to mention that the boat was going rather far away. They grew quieter for a little while. Chuck set the aim at the captain, then quickly leaned down. Another bullet crashed the glass where his head had been a moment ago. Chuck quickly raised his head again – the captain was reloading his gun. A shot – and he got it. - Right in the eye, boss! – he exclaimed, leaning down to Teddy. He made a couple more shots at the crew, just to keep them scared – but they were even without that, because they were suddenly turned into a bunch of unarmed people whose captain was dying on the decks. There were a couple of long minutes more. Finally Chuck looked up and called: - Boss, turn! For a moment Teddy was thinking it over, then understood and quickly pushed down the empty rifle and turned. The boat turned rapidly and Chuck fell heavily on Teddy. He quickly moved and fixated the steering again. The crew had seemingly decided to just let come what was coming. The partners had to get out of the boat. The guards on the moorage were still shooting, but somehow unsurely. The bullets hit the plating and did no damage. Chuck aimed the rifle up at the crewmen. The boat and the ferry were going parallel. - Get us out! – Chuck shouted on the top of his lungs. For better understanding he shot in the air. The crew became fidgeting immediately. After all, they didn't have to return to the island, and they had to deal with these two insane men and a rifle at this very moment… they didn't want to die for the idea, they valued their own skins. They threw them down a rope. It was heavy enough, it was swaying a little near them. - You go first, boss! - Chuck called. – I will help you. Just remember to keep close to the plating! The ferry will protect you. Teddy reached for the rope and grasped at it. Chuck, still crouching down, grabbed his legs and pushed him up and towards the ferry. Fighting over the pain, Teddy climbed up the rope. - Pull, bastards! – Chuck made another shot in the air. They pulled and in a moment Teddy was on board, commanding. The rope fell down again and Chuck grabbed it. He held on to anything he could, keeping close to the side of the ferry. Finally he grasped at the bulwark and was just about to climb onto the ferry, when suddenly a crewman who hadn't been there before ran up to them with a gun, loading it on the go. He aimed it at Chuck's head, looking him right in the eyes. Chuck stopped, seemingly paralyzed, the time slowed down. Teddy rushed at the man and knocked him off his feet. But before the gun was in Edward's hand, the guy pulled the trigger. Teddy pushed him off the aim, but he was good. Chuck gasped and held on instinctively to the bulwark – after all, he was still feeling the incredible rush the escape gave him, - and this second was enough to save his life. Teddy was there. He grabbed Chuck's wrists before, pained and disoriented, Chuck let go… Chuck was heavy. The railing of the bulwark dug into Teddy's shoulder painfully. - Help me! – he shouted. And the crew rushed to help him. It was better to help – they remembered – the federal marshals. They didn't need a suspected complicity, when the kerfuffle would start – and it would, now they were sure… In a few moments they took Chuck over the railing and to the closest solid vertical surface to lean onto. Teddy rushed to him. - Chuck! Chuck, look at me! He took his face in his both hands, looking desperately for Chuck's look. His right hand, bandaged with a tie, became wet with his own blood – and Chuck's. Teddy didn't want to lose him, not now, not when they were halfway to safety. He only just seemed to realize that Chuck was his only friend in a whole wide world – without exaggerating, the only person he could trust. His friend's dark eyes met his stare and a crooked smile appeared on Chuck's face. - It's gon' be okay… boss, - he said quietly. – Do I still have an ear there? - Almost, - Teddy whispered, with a little smile and tears in his eyes. They were going right to the safety, he understood it in full, and they were both alive – bloody, but alive! Teddy leaned in and threw his arms around Chuck. – We did it, partner! Chuck could just smile weakly as he held Teddy in return and patted his back. - We did, boss, - he said wearily. – I know… Teddy quickly let go of him and looked into his face, worried. - How are you? - A lil'… dizzy, - Chuck managed. – But I think I already got used to the headache, so a bit more, a bit less… how are you now, Teddy? - Good… Teddy moved Chuck's hair, stuck together and soaked with blood. About a half of his ear wasn't there and his skin was ripped where a bullet had passed. It was but a tangential wound. Nothing serious. - Don't, - Chuck brushed Teddy's hand away. – They… don't die after such. You still have a gun? - Yes… - Go straighten these guys up. Go. I don't want my reputation spoilt by walking like a chronic drunkard, - he smirked. Teddy nodded. - Hold on there, okay? - It'll be okay, boss, - Chuck reassured. He stood up and raised his gun. - Everybody listen to me! Keep the course! If anyone hurts the federal Marshals… The rush was flowing away in waves, taking away the consciousness. Chuck let go of himself. He knew he wouldn't die, for he was sure he'd had it worse. They don't die of such , he thought again. No, they were going to get to the mainland and be safe over there. Everything would be alright… The first snow was covering the busy streets, falling onto hats and boots, brushing against cheeks and melting in warm waves of breath. It was quiet and grey and cold in the street, but in a little café it was golden and warm. Two men were sitting at one little table, looking thoughtfully at the snow falling outside. One of them had thick dark curls and the other had fair hair. The dark-haired one was a little bit sturdier, he was wearing brown trousers and a grey shirt, his jacket was hanging from the back of his chair. The other man had blue suit on. He was the first to turn and sip his forgotten coffee. Then the second man turned to face him, too, and they exchanged looks. The dark-haired one smiled a little, reassuringly, before looking down to his coffee. They weren't old, neither of them was older than forty-five, but they had clearly seen much. The shadows under their eyes were dark, and the deep wrinkles on their faces were not from smiling, but from frowning. The dark-haired man clearly lacked the upper half of his left ear, although he had a big plaster with little red spots covering the stump. He was rubbing his eyebrow nervously. His friend's right hand was bandaged and a scar crossed the left side of his forehead, but more importantly, the look in his eyes was full of such deep, unexplainable grief when no one was looking, that he seemed insane. - D'you think Cawley and Naehring died in that fire, boss? – the dark-haired one called. You have already guessed that it was Chuck Aule. The fire he mentioned was the fire in which Ashecliffe met its end. The armed forces were sent to the Shutter Island after they took bleeding Teddy and still unconscious Chuck from the ferry, but they found the entire island one bonfire. The guards must have had some kind of instructions. - They'd better do, - Teddy answered rather darkly, taking a sip of his coffee. – But I'm not sure. Whatever, now they won't be safe – not now that we've escaped from their… concentration camp. - I guess we're the very first, - Chuck remarked. Teddy just nodded. Chuck reached to tap his shoulder with a smile. – C'mon, cheer up, boss! It's okay now! - I know, - Teddy said without a trace of a smile. Chuck's smile fell as he took back his hand, he looked at his friend's face uncomprehendingly. He couldn't fully realize what had been going on in Teddy's head. Edward noticed that look and smiled softly. - Oh, don't mind me. I'm gonna be fine. Remember, you promised to tell me what they did to you on that island. Were you ever in fact fully Chuck? A corner of Chuck's lips twitched nervously, he rubbed his eyebrow again, wincing. - Oh well… it's really difficult to explain… - I know,- Teddy said quietly. – I know how painful it is to remember. But I really have to know, Chuck. I want to know to whom I was speaking all the way. Chuck sighed. - They took me a couple of days before this happened. Folks at the top didn't suspect anything. But Cawley and his sidekick… they… - he winced again, harder. Teddy waited, with mixed expression of compassion and desperate curiosity. – They… somehow forced Lester Sheehan on me… I don't know exactly how… I don't remember everything… they injected something… I think… or maybe they even rummaged in my brains, I don't remember… - So when we met, you were Doctor Lester Sheehan, - Teddy interrupted quickly. - Not exactly so… - Chuck dropped. – In fact I was never completely doctor Lester Sheehan. I was… like… part Chuck, part Lester. Because Lester is me. Some… - he winced. – Some hidden parts of me… remember when I disappeared? - When? - I think when you climbed off that cliff to get me, y'know? Teddy nodded, frowning a little. - Right then, when you told me you'd go alone, I was about the most Chuck. When you needed my help, boss, I was the most Chuck… - So, I made you Chuck? – Teddy asked with something like regret. Chuck shrugged, looking down. - For some reason… maybe because only you were completely sure I was that same old Chuck. Teddy smirked. - And what did they do about it? They had to do something, didn't they? Chuck nodded, rubbing his eyebrow furiously. - They did… something. The real Chuck hurt, y'know. I had to run and beg for them to relieve the pain. I only remember that what they did hurt even more… and left me empty. You know, just that calm and empty grinning doctor… boss, please, stop torturing me, - he looked up at Teddy. – When you look at me like this, even I doubt your sanity. - Sometimes I doubt my own, - Teddy answered with no trace of a smile. – I'm sorry, Chuck. You… I… - he fidgeted with his fingers. – I… never got a chance to thank you properly. - For what? – Chuck grinned sadly. – For working against you? For being an unwilling rat? I broke under their tortures, you know. - No, not that, - Teddy said softly, looking at him. – You actually saved us both, in the end. - It's only the incompleteness of the experiment, - Chuck smiled. – If I didn't accidentally become aware again, we'd both just eventually become simply a material… - Chuck… Chuck looked up at his partner – his friend – and smiled widely – finally. - I'm such a whiner… - Does your head still hurt? Chuck nodded. Teddy smirked. - Now we're the same. Two broken men. - Well, not half broken! – Chuck sparkled Teddy a joking glare. – We'll be fixed, boss. I'm sure. Teddy smiled widely back at him. - So funny, I can still see my wife, - he remarked. Chuck raised his eyebrows. - So the hallucinations didn't completely disappear? Still? Teddy shrugged and shook his head. - Not really. She's standing right behind you. - Oh yeah? What's she sayin'? - Nothing, - Teddy smiled. – She just looks at me reproachfully. But I know she isn't there. And I am. I survived. We survived. - In the end, we made a pretty good team, huh, boss? Teddy nodded. - Right, partner. - Buddy, - Chuck said suddenly warmly. - Huh? - Buddy, - he repeated. – I think we both deserve a friend. Teddy rose. - Oh well, I guess, - he said lightly. – Let's go? Chuck nodded and stood up, taking his jacket. They took their overcoats from the coat rack and went out. It was still snowing. They just walked side by side for a while. - Hey boss? – Chuck broke the silence. - Hm? - Have you ever thought of leaving this job? - Leaving? – Chuck glanced at him. - Yeah, - Chuck nodded. – After all, it doesn't add to your health, does it… Teddy looked into his dark lively eyes – they were calm and serious now – and smiled. - Nah. - Why? Teddy put his arm around Chuck's shoulders. - Because, after all, it gave me such a good… - Partner? - Buddy, - Teddy said sincerely. They smiled at each other knowingly and headed down the street, side by side, silent. - Hey Teddy? – Chuck called in a little while. - Hm? - You wanna run away? To Vegas, for example. We sure as hell need another week off. - Not to Vegas, - Teddy said after a little thinking. – Somewhere calm. Where there're heights and grassess and skies… and nothing more. - Skies, huh? We have a lot of this thing. Wanna run away? Teddy looked to him. Chuck winked at him. Teddy smiled. - Yeah, I do, - he said. – You with me, buddy? – he already knew the answer. Chuck smirked. - You bet, boss. And something that sparkled in his dark eyes was vaguely Doctor Lester Sheehan's. But Teddy wasn't afraid of it the littlest bit. ~ 18 ~ ","Summary":" 'To live as a monster… or to die as a good man?' He waited a moment, searching for something in Les"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"I Won't Regress--","Author":"Kadge Rose-Feather","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10966296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kadge Rose-Feather 2014 \"I won't regress,\" he said. \"My name is Andrew Laeddis. I murdered my wife, Dolores, in the spring of 'fifty-two...\" The sun was in the room when he woke. He sat up and looked toward the bars, but the bars weren't there. Just a window, lower than it should have been until he realized he was up high, on the top bunk in the room he'd shared with Trey and Bibby. It was empty. He hopped off the bunk and opened the closet and saw his clothes there, fresh from the laundry, and he put them on. He walked to the window and placed a foot up on the ledge to tie his shoe and looked out at the compound and saw patients and orderlies and guards in equal number, some milling in front of the hospital, others continuing the cleanup, some tending to what remained of the rosebushes along the foundation. He considered his hands as he tied the second shoe. Rock steady. His vision was as clear as it had been when he was a child and his head as well. He left the room and walked until he'd reached the creamy base of the hospital stairs, where he settled. He heard the sound of the ferry horn as it neared the dock, and he saw Cawley and the warden talking in the center of the lawn in front of the hospital and they nodded in acknowledgement and he nodded back. Looking out at the grounds, he felt as good as he'd felt in a long time; like he'd been on a boat in the middle of a foggy lake for a very long time, and now he'd finally reached the other side. Everything was so clear. He smiled as Chuck came and sat by him, taking one of the offered cigarettes between his teeth. The stench of the gasoline from the zippo as he leaned in towards the flame made the day seem brighter somehow. \"How we doing this morning?\" The question seemed innocent enough, but Teddy could tell there was hidden intentions behind it. \"Good. You?\" He sucked the smoke back into lungs. \"Can't complain.\" He noticed Cawley and the warden watching them like hawks, and he understood completely. He took another pull on the cigarette, noticed how sweet the tobacco tasted. It was richer, and it clung to the back of his throat. \"So what's our next move?\" He said. \"You tell me boss.\" He smiled at Chuck. The two of them sitting in the morning sunlight, taking their ease, acting as if all was just fine with the world. He considered his response carefully, eyeing the warden with caution for a moment. He knew this was a test, and that he had a choice here. It was actually quite a calculated game, only this time it was his life that was on the line. \"Well, I'm guessing no more trench coats, huh?\" Chuck looked surprised at that; but he stifled it quickly, offering a nod. \"No, no more trench coats.\" He was still looking at him though and his gaze said that he needed more than that to make a solid judgement. After all, who knew what ways his mind could warp to try and protect itself; what sorts of new fabricated stories it could concoct to shield itself from the overwhelming weight of what he'd done and what he'd lost. \"Damn shame. Can't say these shades of blue suit me all that well, Doc.\" And there it was, laid out blatantly. It made Teddy slightly uncomfortable to be so upfront, but he knew it was necessary here. He could do plenty of hiding later, as long as it meant holding onto this new found sense of clarity. The man shot a gaze over at Cawley and the warden, gave a tight nod. His body language suggested that he was relieved. Afterwards, he cast his eyes back on Teddy, almost to check if he wasn't the one imagining things. \"We can't let you have anything that could result in you slipping back into your delusion, Andrew, you know that.\" And he did. It made sense, after all. But he still twinged when Lester used that name , running a tongue over the inside of his cheek nervously. \"Yeah. Yeah I know, Doc.\" Chuck smiled at that, and it shone bright and genuine in the early morning of the day. As the smoke drifted up around them Teddy felt a profound sense of luck settle in a deep part of his chest. It would have been easy just to give up on him; hell, anyone else would have. But they hadn't, and now he wasn't gonna let go of his sanity returned to him for anything in the world. \"Then I guess we'll just start wherever you think's appropriate and all.\" And he really did trust Chuck- Dr. Sheehan to do just that. He was gonna get better, and then he was gonna get out of there. There had been so much time wasted already, and he felt like the world was just out there, waiting for him to explore it; big and bountiful and ready for the taking. Rehabilitation surely wouldn't take forever. Not with a man like Sheehan guiding him. He waved to Cawley as the man walked away, trailed by several orderlies carrying a large lump of white material with a glint that shone in the morning sun. Not meant for him. Nope, no way. Teddy was on the road to recovery now, and there wasn't a thing in this world that was gonna stop him; not even himself. i wrote this because i've seen the movie about 5 times and am continually upset about the ending so; here's a different one. reviews would be highly highly appreciated! ","Summary":" Kadge Rose-Feather 2014 \"I won't regress,\" he said. \"My name is Andrew Laeddis. I murdered my wi"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Cigarette","Author":"dynamitedee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6887792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Doctor Lester Sheehan was an esteemed psychologist working at Shutter Island, specializing in one specific patient, Andrew Laeddis; or as he called himself 'Edward Daniels.' In their years together, patient and doctor, Chuck and \"boss\", as he called him; they had grown a strange bond, a closeness that was near unbreakable, even in the demented mind of Andrew. It was hard to explain their friendship to the doctors, the extended sessions, the walks they'd go on; the risks Lester would take to get closer to Andrew, some deemed it as odd, while others saw it as a clever psychiatric technique. At first, it was; of course it was, all Lester wanted was to help Andrew come to terms with the horrific events of his past and he was willing to try anything he thought would help. But Andrew, he grew on Lester. At first Lester deemed his unordinary feelings as sympathy, then it was guilt at not being able to help Andrew, until eventually he ran out of excuses. He had no more reasons to explain his questionable feelings, urges; but only had the knowledge that they must be resisted. The fact of the matter was that Andrew was undoubtedly insane, he attacked patients, orderlies, nurses; he was violent and dangerous. Lester was better off ignoring whatever odd feelings or thoughts he had. During one of their sessions, on a particularly hot summer's day, Andrew had removed his shirt to cool off; Lester was taken aback by this sudden action and swallowed hard before asking another question. A single trickle of sweat went from Andrew's neck and trailed its wet little way down his toned chest, tight stomach and then was absorbed by the fabric of his pants, Lester breathed deep and shook his head. He then eyed Andrew's tattoos for a moment, but then snapped back into reality when Andrew requested a cigarette. Lester nodded limply and took one out of his packet , \"darn…\" he muttered. \" What?\" Andrew asked quietly, today was a quiet day with Andrew. \" Last one… oh well.\" Lester vaguely stated as he handed Andrew the lit cigarette. Andrew whispered a 'thank you' and grimaced. Not smiled, he never truly smiled; he either grinned or grimaced. He took a long, deep drag of the cigarette before kindly leaning forward and offering Lester some , \"We can share one, Chuck.\" He grinned half-heartedly. Lester smiled at the gesture, and took the cigarette almost desperately and placed it in his mouth. He tasted the slight warm saliva residue on the butt of the cigarette, he enjoyed it; almost marinaded in it for as long as he could. For a moment, just one moment; a fantasy came to life, he tasted Andrew and it was good, it was better than good; it was almost euphoric. He let his mind break from reality and embraced the ecstasy of the moment. He blew the smoke out slowly, \"that's the best drag I've ever had,\" and then handed it back to a distant Andrew. ","Summary":" Doctor Lester Sheehan was an esteemed psychologist working at Shutter Island, specializing in one s"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Hopeless Plea","Author":"collegegurl12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8195649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Shutter Island or any of the cast who plays in it. I just wrote this story as a bit of entertainment for me on a late night. Summary: Ever wonder what Lester was thinking as they took Andrew to his doom? \" Would it be better to die as a good man or live as a crazy one?\" Lester barely had time to even open his mouth before Andrew had crushed the cigarette with the sole of his shoe as he practically leapt from the stone steps. Lester couldn't tear his eyes away from the scene before him as it played out almost like it was playing out in slow motion. He couldn't help but feel a sharp pain in his chest as he watched the shackles being placed onto Andrew's hands. The last bit of freedom he had being ripped away from him. Normally Lester wouldn't be feeling such pains at the sight of a patient being taken to their doom. But Andrew…Teddy, he was different. He was playing a game with them, with the doctors, with himself; and even though Lester kept trying to tell himself that it shouldn't bother him that he was playing this dangerous game he couldn't help but feel responsible. Feel responsible? For a split second Lester tore his orbs away from the group of men on the sidewalk to lower them to his lap. Where did that feeling come from? Lester was never responsible for a patient. Never! Either they wanted to be healed or they just didn't. Why should it bother Lester any that Andrew kept trying to make everyone believe that he was Teddy. It wasn't any of Lester's problems now. Even though he kept trying to stay rational he couldn't stop his feet from moving his body toward the group just before they walked away. He still couldn't control his hand as it reached out to grasp onto Crawleys shoulder. As the older man turned to him an irritated expression appearing on his face Lester was left speechless. Now that he was the center of attention what was he supposed to say? How was he supposed to get everyone else to believe teddy. How was he supposed to do that? Crawley leaned into Lester, and Lester couldn't help but scrunch up his nose at the smell of alcohol coming from the older man's breath. \"This better be good.\" Crawley warned his tone anything but nice. Lester couldn't help but gulp slight fear entering his body. He knew that one rule of the clinic was to never cross the doctors…ever! The last person that had done that suddenly disappeared and Lester knew better then to start asking questions. That poor soul was forever lost and there was nothing he could do for her. Just when he was about to second guess himself he couldn't help but catch a glimpse of Andrew still standing there with shackles on his hands. Andrew had a sour expression plastered on his face as he stared down at the ground. Lester had to do this! Be damn with what happened to him. He had to help his boss . \"Sir..\" That was a good way to start, wasn't it? Taking a deep breath Lester started to nervously ring his hands in front of him as he continued on. \"I don't think such drastic measures should be taken with Mr. Andrew.\" There it was all out there no backing out now. It wasn't like he had stated that he thought Andrew was healed, he was just speaking his opinion. Literally everyone's eyes were upon Lester making him feel as if he was some ant under a microscope. Even the patients who were working on the grounds stopped to stare at the scene that was about to play out. Crawley raised an eyebrow as he took a few calming breaths. \"Would you care to repeat that?\" His reply may have come out as a question but he wasn't expecting a reply back. When he received one he could have sworn his heart had missed a beat or two. Gulping Lester went on. Already too far gone to hang tail and run. \"Sir, all I'm saying is that strides were made with Andrew and if such measures would to be taken today then all would have been for nothing. We gotten this far, and with more work we could get even farther.\" Strides? Get even farther? Teddy Daniel's couldn't help but let a chuckle escape him as he remained frozen in between the worker and police man. Thankfully everyone was too into the heated conversation between Chuck and Crawley, so his chuckle went unnoticed. He couldn't help but wonder why Chuck was even trying to get through to the aggravating old man. He was sat in his ways and Chuck was better off talking to a brick wall…at least the wall was smarter. Even though he knew Chuck was fighting a losing battle he couldn't help but feel a slight affection for the dark haired man who had grown to know him as boss. \"Lester I feel that the sun is getting to you. Maybe you could go lay inside and once I'm done with these matters,\" Crawley waved his hands awkwardly around at the men before him. \"I'll come in to have a talk with you.\" Lester felt his heart stop; he even had to thump his chest a few times with a fist to make sure he was still alive. The soft breaths escaping his parted lips doing nothing to confirm that. It honestly didn't matter if he was still alive at that moment, he had failed and by failing he would too lose his live as Andrew would. He had to fight the urge to yell out at Crawley as he bit hard into his lower lip, tasting the blood. Nodding he lowered his head starting to turn around the soft voice of Andrew stopping him in place. \"I'll get us out of this Chuck don't you worry.\" Lester wished he could believe Andrew at that moment, but nothing not even living in a fantasy world could save them from what was to happen. Instead of crushing Andrew's persona Lester found himself turning back around to face Andrew a slight smile forming on his sadden face. \"I know you will boss.\" He whispered softly ignoring the pointed look the other three men in the group aimed at him. He was already screwed what could it hurt to play the game a little bit longer? Crawley groaned as he noticed Lester playing along with Teddy. He felt anger surge through his body at his once respected doctor before him. He had sealed his faith with the first words that left his mouth and after that moment Crawley had lost all respect for the man that had been by his side as long as the clinic was open. He couldn't help but feel the anger at Lester, because of his stupid antics he would have to go out and find another doctor that would be qualified enough to enter the clinic. That knew when to keep his mouth shut. With a nod of his head the orderly who had a hold of Teddy roughly turned him around facing the way to the gates. With a swish of his wrist the police man lead the way. Lester regretfully lowered his eyes toward the cement ground not having the heart to watch them take Andrew to his death. The last thing Lester heard was the whispering words of Andrew \"can't let them see you scared.\" \"I know boss.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Shutter Island or any of the cast who plays in it. I just wrote this story"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"To Die a Good Man","Author":"emo barbie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9222088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: To Die a Good Man Author: Emo Barbie Rating: T {For whatever reason. Eh} Pairing: Sorta Andrew/Lester, Teddy/Chuck Fandom: Shutter Island Extra: Everyone has their own views and perceptions of stories and movies...this is how I viewed things. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxX To Die a Good Man XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx My name...is Andrew Leddias. I killed my wife in the spring of '53, because she killed our children. And in a fit of guilt and self loathing I took on the persona of a person long forgotten. Teddy Daniels. A Marshall, a hero...but Teddy's long gone now... \"So what's our next move?\" I hear myself mutter as I take in everything around me. \"You tell me.\" I can hear him examining me. That might sound stupid, but the tone he takes says it all. He's looking for it, any sign of Teddy still there, some sort of crack that would give way and completely smash all of the hard work they've put into me. But, I think more then anything...he's preying to God he doesn't find it. \"I gotta get off this rock, Chuck. Get back to the mainland. Whatever the hell's going on here, it's bad...\" I can hear his breathe catch and it takes all I can not to look at him, not to give away anything, but I can't help it, and my eyes flicker to him...and I can see it there. The disappointment, the sadness...the hurt. \"Don't worry partner, their not gonna catch us.\" \"That's right, we're to smart for 'em.\" I hear the strain in his voice. \"Yeah we are, aren't we?\" He can't look at me in the eyes now, and I know he's doing everything in his power to not give in to whatever the hell it is that claws at the back of his mind and I let him collect himself for a moment as I watch the approaching tenants. \"You know, this place makes me wonder.\" \"Yeah, what's that, boss?\" I can hear it in his voice, he's not holding up to well, and I feel that dull ache in my chest... \"Which would be worse-to live as a monster? Or to die a good man?\" There it is...the recongization and I know he's realized it...I know he can see it. And maybe I said it because I really didn't want him to think all that work had been for nothing, or maybe I wanted him to know that this was my choice...that I wanted this... \"Teddy?\" I knew what he wanted...what he didn't want: he didn't want to lose me...but he wanted someone I wasn't, at least not anymore. I knew it from the moment I came back to reality,I had this rising suspicion, but I can't say for sure. He might have had it with the old me...or the Teddy before this one. But whoever it had been with, was not the me right now. I had no recollection of ever being with him, other than a few lingering feelings, the ghosts of foggy memories, and a few odd moments were I felt like touching him...like it was normal... But the me that I am now...does not belong to him. No, this Andrew Leddias remembers nothing but his wife...and her face...nothing but his dead children. There is no room for him in this Andrew Leddias's life. That is why...I won't turn around, because I know if I do...whatever part of me that might have once loved him will shine through and make me do something stupid. Like admit that I'm not Teddy, that I'm not delusional, but...I do not deserve to do that...I don't deserve to be able to do that and be loved by someone, when my own wife's blood stains my hands. Nor does he deserve to have a monster like me in his life...no, this...this is for the better. \"Andrew?\" It's only the faintest of a whisper, but it's there and I actually falter for a moment, because God...I can hear the anguish in his voice...begging for me to turn around, to look at him...to tell the truth, that I really wasn't Teddy; that I was Andrew...and that I knew it. But you see, in this world, people who kill others...shouldn't get a second chance. In this world...I was Andrew Leddias...a murder, a monster; and I'd rather die as Teddy, a hero, then live my life as Andrew Leddias. ","Summary":" Title: To Die a Good Man Author: Emo Barbie Rating: T {For whatever reason. Eh} Pairing: Sorta Andr"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"After Christy","Author":"DutchTapeFTW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6880501","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first attempt at a fan fiction. I hope you like it and please leave a review. Here goes: Social Network Fan Fiction AFTER CHRISTY 'Mark' Eduardo sat up and sunk deep into his hands. 'Mark' Feelings such as this had never taken over him so much. Never did he believe that this would be his lifestyle. 'Mark' In fact, the more he thought, the more the feeling began to change and mould into something... 'Mark' ...new...something almost positive. Almost joyful. 'Mark' At first he began to resent the idea. 'Mark' But the more it swirled and filled his mind like the many... 'Mark' ...many 'Mark' ...many shots from the night before the more it became content in its new home. This idea of enjoyment and thrill from...that, almost sickened him. 'Mark' This was not his 'thing'. His crowd, his gathering, his group, this was not him. 'Mark' Downing the creeping thoughts until a more pressing time he peered through his fingers. He could clearly see his laptop, perfectly angled towards the window, accompanied by pen and paper. It sat there content. Full of his many moments of magnificence, his genius, his chance at fame, his career. Himself. All on that simple machine. 'Mark' The machine worked hard, yet not as hard as its master. Its brilliant owner. Useless. He edged his way towards the window, hand on head, desperate for fresh air. For some liberation. 'Mark' Unsurprisingly there lay a number, many meaningless digits revealed her. Christy. Her whole personality revealed and exploited on one measly, crinkled, used napkin. A perfect explanation. 'Mark' The thoughts of the previous night crawled back into his mind, baring all: his actions the people the music the food the stench the air the walls the clothes the bodies the smoke the drink the horror of the whole situation just sickened him. Yet... 'Mark' ...he enjoyed himself. He enjoyed Christy. He enjoyed last night. And was he even invited? Of course. The answer became clear the moment the question became ridiculous. He memorized the digits, tore the paper into pieces and made his way to the door. He looked back upon empty beer cans and torn leather sofas, broken bottles and used and abused cigarettes. As the closed the door behind him, Eduardo uttered his first words of the day. \"I was the plus one\" Mark THE END (I realise that this fanfic probably leaves a lot of questions and may confuse people. But I like to write ambiguously and i love underlying messages within stories. I hope you enjoyed it! Oh! And please leave a review, it will really help to better these, because, trust me, i will write more!) ","Summary":" This is my first attempt at a fan fiction. I hope you like it and please leave a review. Here goes:"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Like You","Author":"Voldemort's Spawn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5911152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Like You So while I was supposed to be doing homework, I was writing this. It is my take on what happened after the movie ended and he was being taken to be lobotomized. The italicized words are from the Evanescence song \"Like You.\" It seemed very fitting and the song actually gave me the idea. The only thing I own of Shutter Island is a copy of the book. Enjoy- Finnijer \" I long to be like you, lie cold in the ground like you. There's room inside for two.\" That was why he lied. As he let the orderlies cuff his hands and push him down the side walk, his stomach churned in instinct. He should be fighting back, his body told him, not walking willingly into destruction. In spite of that, he walked calmly as ever, following behind Naehring. He looked back and saw Sheehan sitting on the steps. When their eyes met, Andrew saw the war raging in his soul even from the distance. Andrew felt guilty for ruining yet another person's life, but it was too late now. He had to do this. A quick shove made him look forward again. They were almost there. He jerked when someone grabbed his arm. It was Dolores. \"Don't be afraid, baby.\" She smiled. She was in the dress she wore when they first met and her hair fell softly around her face. \"I ain't.\" He whispered. \"What was that?\" Naehring asked, holding the door to the hospital building open. He shrugged. Naehring looked him over but didn't question him further. Andrew paused to let Dolores go first, and walked in before he could be shoved again. Dolores looped her arm around his and leaned her head on his shoulder. \"I'm sorry I did this to you,\" she whispered. \"I'm better now. You made me better.\" He wanted to say that he still loved her and had forgave her. He wanted to break the chains from his wrists so he could grab her and kiss her and touch her. But she was a hallucination. He knew that and talking back to it would do no good. \"The babies miss you. You're all Rachel talks about.\" She laughed. Andrew wondered what part of his mind was the cause of this fake Dolores. In his heart, his wanted it to not be a hallucination. He wanted her to really be there, walking beside him. He wanted all those things she said to be true because this would be so much easier if they were. \"Will you sit here for a moment, Marshal Daniels?\" Naehring asked, motioning to a bench against the wall. He hadn't noticed they were already on the other side of the building. Andrew obliged and watched Naehring walk into a room adjacent to where he sat, the orderlies staring at him to make sure he didn't go anywhere. Dolores sat beside him and crossed her leg over the other, her skirt hiking up to her knees. She leaned against him and he could have swore he smelt her perfume. \"You'll like it there,\" she whispered. Goose bumps rose on his skin as she rubbed her hand up and down his forearm. Did that make her real if he could feel her or was he more insane than he thought he was? He didn't have time to ponder the thought, when Naehring peered out from the door. \"Bring him in,\" he said to the orderlies. They seemed a little taken aback when he got up before they could wrench him off the bench. Naehring held the door and didn't seem to notice. Dolores once again walked ahead of him as the orderlies followed him at his heels, making sure he kept moving forward. Nausea swept over Andrew when he stared at the electric chair in the middle of the room. He froze and stared at it. This was how it was going to end: a shock and poke to the brain. Naehring must have told the orderlies to let him be as the shove he expected didn't come. \"I don't know if I can do this baby.\" He said and looked over at Dolores. \"You don't have too, Andrew. You've done so much already.\" She smiled and stood in front of him. He closed his eyes when her hand cupped his face. God, how he missed her. After a moment, he stepped back and turned to Naehring who was watching him in fascination. \"If I run, will they shot me?\" Andrew asked stoically. \"Andrew?\" Naehring asked. \"Take off my handcuffs. Tell them I fought you, tell them I snapped,\" he pleaded, tears pressing at the edges of his lids, \"I don't want to live like this anymore.\" He wanted this to be over; he wanted to die. What he didn't want was to be stuck in a lifeless body for God knows how long, he didn't want to live, and he definitely didn't want to be a reminder of failure. The orderlies looked at Naehring nervously, waiting for some kind of instruction while Naehring studied the broken man before him. \"Take them off him,\" he finally said to one of the orderlies. Andrew closed his eyes as his wrists were released from their binds. Then he added, \"Leave us.\" Andrew opened his eyes again and watch the orderlies exit the room, leaving him, Naehring, and Dolores alone. When the door finally shut, Naehring stepped forward. \"Is this honestly how you want it to end? Everyone thinking you lost your mind and no one, not even us, could fix you?\" He paused and stared Andrew down with a glare, \"Do you really want die lying?\" Andrew sighed and let the tears fall. He ignored Dolores, who wiped them away. \"If I have too.\" Naehring nodded and stepped aside. \"Andrew, calm down!\" Naehring yelled, pointing at the door. \"Thank you,\" Andrew whispered. He then turned to Dolores, \"Don't follow.\" She nodded. \"Andrew!\" Naehring yelled again, and pushed items off the table next to him. \"Run, damnit,\" he hissed. And he did. He flew open the door and ran down the hall, orderlies yelling and chasing after him. He pushed past a shocked nurse as he blotted out the building. Pausing, he glanced around. The guards were to his left. He ran away from them, hoping that they saw what he was doing. More shouts filled the air as he ran towards the wall, praying they would catch up to him before he got there. He felt the bullet hit him before he heard the sound. He stumbled forward, clasping his gut. How ironic it was the place where he had shot Dolores. He finally hit the ground and laid there waiting for death to consume him. As his heart came to a stop, he smiled. Lying beside him was his sweet Rachel. She smiled at him as he took his last breath. \"I missed you, daddy.\" Please let me know what you think! Reviews are like cookies for writers! =) ","Summary":" Like You So while I was supposed to be doing homework, I was writing this. It is my take on what ha"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"TEDDY DANIELS: OWNER'S GUIDE AND MANUAL","Author":"somaticjester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6254760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: Sorry, I couldn't resist. I have this idea stuck in my head for quite some time and I'm glad I've finally got the guts to write something like this. Enjoy the lolz. Disclaimer: I strongly disclaim the right in owning the format of this fic. The Owner's Guide and Maintenance Manual rightfully and respectfully belongs to the wonderful author Theresa Green who is, sadly, already retired from FFnet before I could ask for permission. Many thanks to Theresa Green, though, for introducing the Owner's Guide series . Owner's Guide and Maintenance Manual to EDWARD \"TEDDY\" DANIELS CONGRATULATIONS! You are now the proud owner of your very own EDWARD \"TEDDY\" DANIELS unit©. To ensure that you receive the full scale uses and benefits of your highly trained and highly delusional U.S. Federal Marshal, it is best to consider reading the following instructions as well as the FAQs and the Troubleshooting section conveniently added in the end. About the Unit: Name: EDWARD DANIELS (will also respond to the name of \"TEDDY\" just fine) Sex: Male Age: Unknown (some sources claim somewhere in his mid-thirties) Height: 6'1\" Weight: Roughly about 140 lbs. Date of Manufacture: Classified Place of Manufacturer: Boston District Division Your TEDDY DANIELS unit Comes with the Following Garments and Equipments: (1) White T-Shirt (1) Brown Flannel Suit (1) Brown Overcoat (1) Brown Trouser (1) Brown Fedora (1) Pair of Black Leather Shoes (1) White Orderly Shirt and Pants (optional) (1) Hawaiian-inspired Pink Floral Tie (limited stocks only) (1) Band-aid (1) U.S. Marshal Badge (1) Service Revolver (underage consumers will be required to submit a waiver or parental consent) At least (3) Packs of Chesterfields (underage consumers will be required to submit a waiver or parental consent) (1) Box of Matches (1) Notebook and pen Important: Once your TEDDY DANIELS unit has been safely shipped into your household via ferry, it is highly recommended that you introduce the unit in a peaceful suburban setting as to prevent any hostile suspicions and erratic behaviors from surfacing. Once accomplished, your TEDDY DANIELS unit will be nothing more than a wandering sex god inside the house. Programming: Your TEDDY DANIELS unit comes with a number of functions and modes engineered to suit your different styles and tastes. Below are the lists of some of his many uses: FUNCTIONS BODYGUARD: Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is a well-trained soldier skilled in hand-to-hand combat and target shooting. Such unit is said to be so good at it, he can subdue anyone in a matter of seconds even with little protective gears at hand, provided that he has been provoked, insulted, or was having a mental breakdown at the moment. If you are in dire need of protection against terrorists, robbers, or even those annoying random people around you, then your TEDDY DANIELS unit will definitely come in handy. CODE BREAKER: Having trouble solving crossword puzzles? How about the Rubik's Cube? Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is (surprisingly) a gifted code breaker that can solve riddles even in the most unfortunate of situations. Just think how much the government is willing to bribe just to have him crack codes from notorious serial killers. WALL CLIMBER: Are you in need of stunt doubles in your action movie? Well, look no further. Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is also capable of performing ridiculous feats without breaking a sweat, enough for several stunt professionals to make a run out for their money. The most notable feature is climbing down steep, narrow cliffs without the use of ropes or harnesses! Imagine all the money you're going to save in buying equipments when your TEDDY unit can do it for real. FIRE STARTER: Aside from being a brilliant military stuntman, your TEDDY DANIELS unit also happens to be fond of blowing things, preferably shiny brand new cars, into smithereens! It may not be one of his most endearing qualities, but for entertainment purposes, your TEDDY unit can be a great attraction to any dull backyard BBQ parties. MODES Badass Hero (Default) Elusive Narrator Devoted Romeo Clinically Deranged State Reversal (Locked) When your TEDDY DANIELS unit is in his normal state of functioning, he exhibits properties of a bonafide Badass Hero. This includes relentless pursues for truth and justice, as well as the unquenchable desire to uncover whatever conspiracies that threatens his existence and others. When in peril, the TEDDY unit will not hesitate to assault its attacker with his wide array of combat skills, stemming from his military background during the WWII. Do not fret; the TEDDY unit's default mode has a strong resolution for the motto: \"Thou Shall Not Kill\" making him the perfect example of a good cop persona. However, it is not advisable that the TEDDY unit be exposed to children or minors for he tends to have a wide vocabulary of curses enough to make any sailor sound like a saint. In his Elusive Narrator mode, your TEDDY DANIELS unit can go on and on telling stories ranging from tear-jerking (about his dead wife) to downright disturbing (zombiefication of schizophrenics), making him the perfect companion when holding slumber parties. Although harmless, the Elusive Narrator mode is highly crucial in unlocking the State Reversal mode. But when handled improperly, this can reinforce and trigger the Clinically Deranged mode, which mostly makes things complicated and dangerous to manage. Until then, learn to keep this mode in proper control by bringing in the presence of a CHUCK AULE unit to keep him company. The Devoted Romeo mode is generally a fangirl favorite. Here, your TEDDY DANIELS unit will likely drop his tough-as-nails attitude and go down-to-earth as a tortured widower who'd been missing and seeing his long-dead wife in dreams. His strong attachment towards the DOLORES CHANAL unit makes him impervious to other female units' tactics of seduction, one in particular is the Ingenious Temptress mode of the RACHEL SOLANDO unit (hey, can it be helped if he's single now). The Devoted Romeo is also capable of shedding manly tears enough to cause several sympathies and squeals from fangirls who just couldn't bear to watch his sufferings. If your TEDDY DANIELS unit is left unsupervised, chances are he will continue nourishing his delusions and grandiose ideas which ultimately leads to the Clinically Deranged mode. In this mode, the TEDDY unit is highly agitated, confused, violent, and wary. He will burn any objects he sees and sedate anyone he finds suspicious... for no reason whatsoever! JEREMIAH NAEHRING units are strongly advised to avoid the TEDDY DANIELS unit at all cost during this state. Deactivation in order to return the TEDDY unit to its default setting requires him to go a nearest lighthouse or the use of a JOHN CAWLEY unit and a LESTER SHEEHAN unit in their infamous This-Is-Not-A-Sixth-Sense-Revelation-Rip-off mode. Please note that the State Reversal mode can only be activated when a JOHN CAWLEY unit and a LESTER SHEEHAN unit are present. When successfully done, the TEDDY unit will realize that everything around him is only an epic role-playing game to cure his madness and that he is actually the alter ego of the ANDREW LAEDDIS unit who he has been tracking down for years. Only in this mode will your TEDDY unit understands his true identity and purpose, thus, achieves a sense of enlightenment. Although this looks very promising, it is important to consider the risk involved since every TEDDY DANIELS unit who has undergone the State Reversal mode is likely to shorten his lifespan because he could no longer bear knowing that he is actually a murderous monster instead of a badass hero. Relation With Other Units: DOLORES CHANAL: The DOLORES CHANAL unit© is the beloved corpse bride… er, wife of your TEDDY DANIELS unit. She is described to be beautiful, soft-spoken, and shy, but don't let the pleasant exterior fool you! The DOLORES unit is extremelydelusional, suicidal, and—as any TEDDY DANIELS unit would quote—a cruel, cruel insane bitch. However, it remains a mystery why the TEDDY unit still go crazy (pun intended!) in love with a DOLORES unit even with her unpleasant attributes. A DOLORES CHANAL unit should never be exposed or left alone to children for she tends to have this irresistible urge to put them into her \"school\", much like what she did to her kids. Despite the massive amount of hatemails and reactions DOLORES CHANAL units receive from fangirls; fans of the opposite sex don't think so otherwise. A DOLORES unit, after all, likes to get wild and wet most of the time. What's not to love? ANDREW LAEDDIS: The ANDREW LAEDDIS unit© is basically the less awesome version of the TEDDY DANIELS unit. No longer the badass hero he used to be, the ANDREW unit will often sulk and weep over the guilt of killing his family, and will likely give dramatic, metaphorical speeches before his duration expires. All TEDDY units hold deep grudges against ANDREW units and the mere mention of the name is enough for one to go on a bloody rampage.* So for your own safety (and your carpets), it is advised that a TEDDY unit be safely hidden whenever a GEORGE NOYCE unit is around. *This was a minor defect of the \"old version\". Fortunately, it has already been fixed… or was it? RACHEL LAEDDIS: That cute, little redhead every TEDDY unit sees in his dreams actually has a name. The RACHEL LAEDDIS unit© is the daughter of the ANDREW LAEDDIS unit and is one of the many dead people helping the TEDDY unit realize his true identity. Sadly, the production for more RACHEL LAEDDIS units has been terminated, considering every DOLORES CHANAL unit likes to drown them quickly once they've set their eyes on it. RACHEL SOLANDO: This unit is actually a fictitious character from the psyche of the ANDREW LAEDDIS unit but later on, was given a flesh-and-blood appearance by the JOHN CAWLEY unit to impersonate your unit's dead wife and call him by the name of \"Jim\" (not to be confused with Jim Carroll ). Though she may look insane, the RACHEL SOLANDO unit© is a very talented actress, able to pull convincing performances worthy of an Oscar nomination. CHUCK AULE: Any good TEDDY DANIELS unit will not leave the house without a CHUCK AULE unit© by his side. The CHUCK AULE unit is the perfect buddy cop to your far from normal TEDDY unit whose funny, happy-go-lucky nature never fails to bring in a few good laughs to your seemingly angst-driven unit. The CHUCK AULE unit will often call your TEDDY unit \"boss\" (round up a drinking game and see how many times he mentions it), will smoke and lit cigarettes for him, and will gladly play \"The Amazing Race\" with him 24/7. No wonder everyone loves a CHUCK AULE! Other Unit Interactions: JOHN CAWLEY: When a JOHN CAWLEY unit© is around, your TEDDY unit will have ambivalent feelings towards him. The JOHN CAWLEY unit is very compassionate and understanding especially to his patients—unless you have issues about his car then things just might get a little bit ugly. LESTER SHEEHAN: If you value the life of your TEDDY DANIELS unit, then this unit must be avoided at all cost. Believe or not, the LESTER SHEEHAN unit© is the CHUCK AULE unit in disguise! A LESTER SHEEHAN unit must be very careful when interrogating a TEDDY unit during this period of revelation because there is a high probability of him getting choked by his partner. Why? He risked his sweet ass just to save him, that's why! JEREMIAH NAEHRING: The JEREMIAH NAEHRING unit© is the aristocratic colleague of the JOHN CAWLEY unit who favors sophisticated food, music, and lifestyles. When introduced to a TEDDY unit, a JEREMIAH NAEHRING unit will immediately mock him, calling him a \"man of violence\" because of his involvement in the war. It's no surprise why TEDDY units love to hate JEREMIAH units so much. Interactions between these two must be well supervised or else your TEDDY unit may end up drugging the poor old man to death. MCPHERSON: A MCPHERSON unit© tends to be vigilant in the presence of a TEDDY unit. Although he has little involvement in the life of your TEDDY DANIELS unit, he does make an excellent tour guide and chaperone. GEORGE NOYCE: No, he's not Sadako's lost groom! The GEORGE NOYCE unit© is simply a disfigured schizophrenic patient every \"old version\" TEDDY unit loves to bully around whenever he was in his not-so-normal state. Luckily, your TEDDY unit will no longer assault a GEORGE NOYCE unit because of his strict reputation in being a badass hero. THE WARDEN: If there is anybody else who's a total jerk like the JEREMIAH unit, it is THE WARDEN unit© in his Nietzsche Wannabee mode. Though your TEDDY unit is rarely intimidated by THE WARDEN's nihilistic point-of-views, it's better to avoid crossing paths with him by letting your unit have his very own set of wheels. Lucky bastard. Cleaning: Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is fully capable of cleaning and grooming itself, much to the dismay of overzealous fangirls. Also, you don't have to worry about your TEDDY unit hogging the bathroom every morning when you're almost late for school. He doesn't like staying in the shower for too long since too much water can make him feel queasy. Feeding and Rest: Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is not a picky eater and will settle for whatever food served to him. He does, however, try to avert from drinking liquors so a small glass of soda water will suit him just fine. Your TEDDY DANIELS unit is also capable of getting his daily doses of rest, but bear in mind that he is never a silent sleeper. Your TEDDY unit will often scream, murmur, or jump in a start in the middle of the night as the nightmares of his past constantly bugs him even in his sleep. Don't bother giving him medications, though. Heaven knows what a TEDDY unit might do if a doctor prescribes him some drugs. But if you really insist in getting a good night sleep with your TEDDY unit safely cuddled beside you, then putting earplugs might just be the next best alternative. Disposal: Disposing the TEDDY DANIELS unit is as easy as 1-2-3. One, reinforce his delusions until he reached the Clinically Deranged mode. Two, lead him to a lighthouse. Three, have a JOHN CAWLEY unit waiting for him at the top of the lighthouse. Simple as that. Just don't be surprised of all the people he'll nearly beat to death along the process. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs): Q: I just have my TEDDY DANIELS unit shipped into my house and I quickly noticed he has a small band-aid on his forehead. Was it a defective model? A: Nope. Apparently, all TEDDY units have a small crew cut on their forehead which they probably got from a fight with the GEORGE NOYCE units. Try comparing his features with a GEORGE unit and you might just realize how seriously badass your TEDDY unit can be. Q: I was watching Titanic together with my TEDDY DANIELS unit one night, when all of a sudden, he threw up. What gives? A: Does the word 'too much water' ring a bell to you? With all the traumatic incidents involving water your TEDDY unit has experienced, it's no wonder why he gets so easily sick just by looking at one. Until then, refrain from watching movies that involves disasters on seas and treat him over a nice war movie instead. Q: I'm a big YAOI fan but I can't get my TEDDY DANIELS unit to take a shower together with my CHUCK AULE unit. They did it once when they were in the Aschecliffe hospital but they refused to do it again. What should I do? I so badly wanted them to do that! A: Next question. Q: My ties are all missing! And so is my car! And my friend's car! What's happening? A: Whoa, calm down, sir. It seems like you left your TEDDY unit carelessly in his Clinically Deranged mode. Kindly read the information on the State Reversal mode in order for things to go back to normal. Condolence for your car, though. Q: I don't understand why my TEDDY DANIELS unit keeps saying 'Why are you all wet, baby?' over and over again… and I haven't even taken a bath yet! What's wrong? A: Oh, there's nothing wrong with your TEDDY unit. He's just having his usual brief psychotic episodes of seeing his dead wife. He'll get over it soon enough. Seriously, do you really think he's pertaining to you? Q: My TEDDY DANIELS unit just won't quit smoking! I tried enrolling him to Smokers Anonymous but with no positive results. What should I do? A: Since your TEDDY unit is trying hard to stay sober for good, he compensates the need to retain his 'bad cop' image by smoking. Do not worry. There is an easy way for your TEDDY unit to quit. Just have him eat meals from the Aschecliffe cafeteria and, viola! Problem solved. Troubleshooting: Problem: The TEDDY DANIELS unit suddenly goes missing for days. Answer: He's probably out there scouting cliffs and talking to an imaginary psychiatrist. Until then, have THE WARDEN unit round a search party. He'll be found in a jiffy. Problem: The TEDDY DANIELS unit is having a migraine. Answer: Nothing to worry. A little Aspirin can work miracles on a sick TEDDY unit. If you find this troubling, though, avoid any interactions from a RACHEL SOLANDO unit. Problem: The TEDDY DANIELS unit is in his Clinically Deranged mode and there is no lighthouse to be found. Answer: Any high place, like an attic or rooftops, would be fine. Just make sure the JOHN and LESTER units are present so they could immediately resolve the situation. Warranty: The normal functioning TEDDY DANIELS unit usually lasts for only four days, that is, if the State Reversal mode has already been activated on the third day of his waking state. If such is the case, you can always reset your TEDDY unit to its original manufactured setting. However, the chance of that happening is 50/50 for he will likely pretend to have regressed so the other units could terminate him. With the right amount of care and maintenance, your EDWARD \"TEDDY\" DANIELS unit will live long enough (or at least for four days) without being a threat to others. Comments? Suggestions? Kindly click the small button below and we will gladly be there for your assistance. For more information, please visit or contact our website. Thank you. ","Summary":" a/n: Sorry, I couldn't resist. I have this idea stuck in my head for quite some time and I'm glad I"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Shudder","Author":"MikeAwesome82","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7110651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I want to be alone.\" I say, pulling the damp bed sheets over my head. \"Of course,\" Lester whispers, a sad expression on his face. He begins fiddling with his tie. \"Boss.\" My face must have displayed my disgust because he corrected himself in an instant. \"Andrew.\" \"Don't play with me anymore.\" I mutter while he turns toward the door. He pauses and looks over his shoulder, still looking very sad. \"Never.\" xxxx I look at what the prisoner had written on the notepad she had grabbed. RUN , it said. I look up at her questioningly, her eyes staring into mine, fear evident in them. I hear Chuck's footsteps approaching and I tear off the piece of paper, stuffing it into my pocket. xxxx \"I told you, Teddy. It would be the end of you.\" Dolores whispers inbetween tears. \"You killed them... I should've listened to you.\" I say, replaying the horrifying images of our dead children in my head. \"Don't... Please, Ted-\" \"Andrew.\" I correct. \"My name is Andrew.\" Her face softens even more, tears flowing down her face. \"I'm so sorry.\" She whispers. \"I never meant to hurt you.\" \"I'm sorry, too.\" I say in a much louder voice, a maniac's grin spreading across my face. \"But I can still kill him, baby.\" xxxx The next morning, Andrew Laeddis was found hung in a lighthouse on 'Shutter Island' (located in Boston Harbor). Left behind were two notes, one only saying \" RUN \" in all capital letters, the other reading \"This place makes me wonder - is it better to live as a monster, or die as a good man?\". Source(s) - Boston Daily Newspaper, article by Dr. Lester Sheenan. ","Summary":" \"I want to be alone.\" I say, pulling the damp bed sheets over my head. \"Of course,\" Lester whis"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Role Play","Author":"Synesthete314","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5786420","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Role Play Author's Note: This is an alternate version a conversation from the movie Shutter Island. This takes place during the lighthouse scene. The first line of the fic is taken from the movie, the rest I thought up myself. This is crack!fic. Hope you enjoy. Please review. Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Shutter Island, and am making no money off of this. \"That was the most extensive role-play we've ever set up.\" \"Extensive? You weren't the one who scaled the cliff-face. Twice!\" \"I did manage to procure a bed in the other room. That took some effort.\" \"You got a bed up here?\" \"Care to join me on it, Teddy?\" \"Much obliged, Dr. Cawley.\" ~FIN ","Summary":" Role Play Author's Note: This is an alternate version a conversation from the movie Shutter Island."},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Smoke","Author":"Magical Shovel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6197880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Smoke Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own any characters from Shutter Island . They belong to their entitled creator. I make no profit from writing this. There is a sharp snap, followed by the release of a white substance known as plasma. It crackles in an attempt to begin a conversation. The small fire rages in disordered fury. The cigarette begins to glow as the tiny embers do their magic. The smoke flares, roaring to life. It consumes the room as it takes over the smallest of cracks and crevices. Such is the wonder and glory of smoke whether it exudes from a destructive fire or to a minute cigarette. It has a powerful allure as one admires its beauty and its danger which is frighteningly similar to the human mind. Neither can be stopped when they're first put to the test. In the end, they merely fade away on their own. The smoke circles, twists, spirals, and teases its current victim. It makes a mockery of him. He's but a mimicry of man, a shadow of himself. Those haunted blue hues dart to and fro. Nothing is to be underestimated. Everything is to be underestimated. No one else understands what smoke can do to you. Like a woman, it snatches you with cruel talons. It's a sedative, a drug. It's confusion. It's laughter. It's chaos. It's an inanimate object. The smoke signifies that the mind has finally deceived itself. The game has not ended, though. On the contrary, it's just begun. The smoke is like a deadly maze as it leads both nowhere and everywhere. There are clues and various leads that the victim is forced to discover on his own. That's the price, the cost, if you will. The smoke distorts one's vision, leading to a lack of reality followed by a lack of truth. In the end, it is the mind that deceives itself. The smoke is merely fuel, an additive to the concoction. The memories don't help. They never do. They're followed by severe paranoia. The mind loses itself. The body shakes from both withdrawal and uncertainty. Smoke. The match strikes the box once more. Plasma is released. The fire rages. The smoke consumes. Nicotine courses through his veins. He exhales as he inhales the smoke. The cigarette bounces up and down between his chapped lips. It's not fear that he feels. It's uncertainty. It's horror. The dreams refuse to let him rest in peace. He shakes his head. It's all because of the- Smoke. No, that's not right. That's not true. No matter how much the smoke may seduce him. Deep down, he knows that everything around him is a lie. Who is sixty-seven? Who is it? Sixty-seven… There is no Rachel Solando. His mind convinces him otherwise. She is real. She does exist. He will find her no matter the cost. Another match is lit. Another memory passes him. The single room bursts into flames. Ashes ( ashes, ashes, we all fall down ) scatter the ground like disrupted paperwork. Tiny, glowing embers fade into the darkness. The lighting within the room dies along with those embers. The fire rages yet again as the smoke devours the false illusion. He covers his eyes like an abandoned child. The man is both torn and lost by the psychological battle that occurs within his mind. Truth delves into fantasy and vice versa. It's the same thing over and over as he has convinced himself that it never happened. Nothing is real. Everything is fantasy. In the end, it is the smoke that tells both lies and truths. It is the smoke that deludes and fogs one's vision. The smoke can be ultimately more powerful than the fire since it delivers a gentle caress. In some instances, it is more profound than any of the natural elements. It's a driving force, slowly killing and muffling all in its path. That is the problem with Andrew. It's tormenting him, mocking him and for what purpose? The mind is now lost in its own delirium. Nothing is real. Everything is real. There is a flick of the wrist, a minute snap. Plasma is released. The flame consumes, flaring to life. The cigarette is lit as the tiny embers grow, sparkling. The aftermath is the smoke. The smoke that has devoured his life. ","Summary":" Smoke Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own any characters from Shutter Island . They belong to their ent"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"mercy","Author":"TheeMizKitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6277182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mercy By: TheeMizKitty Disclaimer: I don't own Shutter Island or affiliated characters. Warning: Vague slash between Laeddis and Sheehan. A/N: If you want randomness, go ahead and read this story. Inspired by the History channel show I was watching, Gates of Hell. Okay, well, not really inspired by it, but it was on while I was typing this. Fitting though, no? XD There is mercy, he thinks, but it will not help him in the end. It cannot exist for him, and he knows why. He is a killer, a murderer, the cause of his wife's death and his children's death. An entire family, murdered. Why isn't the husband lying in a grave next to him? He knows that a part of him is, but that part is not enough. It can never be enough when his mind starts to waver and the details grow fuzzy, smeared blood on the walls, condensation on the steel bars, so many bars all around him in a perfect circle, a perfect cage. But it is a cage of his own making and to destroy it? It would take destroying himself. If only it were so simple. He is like a ghost, like the air he breathes and exhales, never the same yet always, always there to sustain him. Even when he does not know his own name, the familiar face is there, smiling at him and frowning at him and saying over and over again names and dates and situations that he cannot comprehend and doesn't want to. So long as he sees that face there is some semblance of mercy, somewhere, in the tatters that is all that is his heart and as undeserving as it is, he clings to it. Clings to him. Doctor, friend, partner, enemy, leader, follower, and something else, in the solitude of the cell when the lights are all off and he is curled up in his cot, dreaming of bones and dust and ash and wicked twisted fences and his wife's face twisted just like them, among them, all around them. There is something else when he is on the cusp of something great, when he is tangled in the starch white sheets with a name on his tongue, curling it and yanking at it and twisting. It begins with a D. Deranged? Demented? Damaged? Damned? So many words start with the letter D, and are any of them good? Mercy, he cries, as red stains his hands. Mercy for her, for them, for the things he doesn't know and can't know but he does he does he does he does— A breath, a hot hand, a familiar presence that draws him back and sucks him in, pulls him from the whirlpool the night is drowning him in, his mind is flushing him in, and pulls him to safety. Or is safety just another form of suffering? When he holds him, he doesn't know. When chapped lips that taste like stale cigarettes meet his own, he goes rigid and then limp, just like a body, the body he wants to be somewhere but can't be, not when a burning tongue is next to his and breath that is not his own fills his lungs. Not when his arms raise, as though connected to manacles and lock around the solid body, solid and hold on as tight as they dare which is so fragile— And he hears that familiar voice, through the ringing in his ears say things to him that he knows but can't understand. Andrew you came back to me. God I missed you. God I missed you. But this is for the both of us. This is for the greater good, alright? Then there is a pain in his neck, warmth in his veins like Dolores' embrace and Lester Sheehan's mouth and then white and white and white. It's to help you, I promise. Alright? As though he can answer, as though he can hear. Blind, deaf and dumb he is laid on the small cot and made to be still and silent and quiet and at peace. There is mercy, he knows, but it will only destroy him in the end. The greater good means different things to different people, doesn't it Andrew Laeddis? Gah, over. Care to share? ","Summary":" Mercy By: TheeMizKitty Disclaimer: I don't own Shutter Island or affiliated characters. Warning: Va"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Zombie, And the Violence Caused Such Silence","Author":"Synesthete314","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5826424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zombie (And the Violence Caused Such Silence) Author's Note: This is my written take of the ending of Shutter Island , whether you see is as an alternate ending or the canonical ending is up to you, I just added in some character stuff. It's written in the third-person perspective of Dr. Sheehan. Inspired by the song Zombie by The Cranberries. I do not own anything here. in your head, they're still fighting… Dr. Sheehan walks to the steps. Andrew is sitting there placidly. The moment of truth. Sheehan takes a breath before sitting down next to Andrew, steeling himself for the worst, not even daring to hope for the best. He catches Andrew's eye; there is a flash of recognition there, similar to before the relapse. This is Andrew Laeddis I'm looking at, he thinks, not Teddy Daniels. Still, he doesn't let himself feel the relief that is trying to swell in his chest. Not yet, not just yet. \"So what's our next move?\" he asks Laeddis cautiously. \"We're getting of this island, Chuck.\" The grief and disappointment are instant and overwhelming, even as Sheehan tries to keep his face neutral. There's a part of him that doesn't believe it, doesn't want to believe it, that they failed. But he turns to shake his head at Dr. Cawley and the others, like he was instructed. There are no more chances. Grief and disappointment, because they could not save this broken man from such a fate, no matter how cruel and unethical it might be. We must be mistaken. The orderlies are coming up the path now. Andrew sees them, is calm. He says to Sheehan just before he gets up, \"Is it better to live as a monster or die a good man?\" The orderlies are at the steps, and Andrew catches the doctor's eye one last time. There! Sheehan's eyes widen a bit at the glance. \"Andrew,\" he whispers just as Laeddis turns away. It falls on deaf ears. There is no way to prove that this isn't \"Teddy Daniels\" and he's already given the go ahead. He wonders if this is how surgeons feel when someone dies on the table because of a mistake. The despair is settling over him now as he thinks about what is going to happen. Transorbital lobotomies only work because they leave very little of a person behind, if any at all. A breathing corpse waiting to catch up to a rotted mind. And the violence caused such silence. In your head, in your head, they are crying… In your head, in your head, they are dying… Zombie. ~FIN Please review! ","Summary":" Zombie (And the Violence Caused Such Silence) Author's Note: This is my written take of the ending "},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Sanity","Author":"Magical Shovel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229077","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from Shutter Island . They belong to their respective owner. No profit is gained from writing this. To question one's sanity is to question their humanity. As human beings, we all have the potential to act irrational. The thought process is replaced and send into a crazed state. Manic, if you will. That was the case for FBI Marshall Teddy Daniels. It had become a wild goose chase for the Marshall or better yet, a never ending maze that was full of sharp twists and cruel turns. It was a living hell. His mind had become a rugged battlefield, haunting him with feelings of both regret and remorse. He could shake neither as they stubbornly clung to him like leeches. As a result, his mind created a false reality, an alternative, to convince himself that he was indeed sane. This was simply another case. It was nothing new. He had known better. His job was to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Unfortunately, it didn't end that way. There were still loose threads. The fantasy world dissipated as it essentially fell apart before the melancholy that rested in those blue hues. The smoke of his cigarette regressed as his head whipped in the general direction of a mahogany door. Sixty-seven… A gripping migraine took over. He winced from physical and mental agony. The fake case had plagued him like a parasite. It had become his true reality, pronouncing everything else as entirely insane and false. He believed himself to be sane and so he was. Everyone else was wrong. They were the ones acting irrational in this little game. This was what was left of the Marshall. No… This was the current state and wellbeing of himself. The mind is a sanctuary. Not only this, but the mind can function as a vicious trap. If you so will it, the mind could become your worst nightmare as it had become for Daniels. Insanity was now sanity. Sanity was now insanity. Judgment had become distorted. Yet, the only thing on Teddy's mind was that wicked case. Everything linked back to the case. That much was true, sanity or not. The facts were in front of him. His determination would see through the hardships and wrap it up so he could go home. He inhaled the aroma of tobacco, swirling with nicotine. There was only one problem, though. This one he had been sublimely unaware of. He could crack it. He knew this, but could he crack his sanity? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from Shutter Island . They belong to their respective"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Medical Attention","Author":"SaintJanuarius","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6173068","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Doctors Cawley and Sheehan left the room single file and in slow motion, as if they were afraid to abandon what they hoped was a success. Andrew's ability to acknowledge reality and his willingness to accept his crime was a precarious success, at best. Cawley and Sheehan knew this. They knew their research and their careers relied almost entirely upon Andrew's capacity to preserve his mental clarity. Doctors Cawley and Sheehan also knew that in the past, Andrew had failed. Andrew Laeddis stared vacantly at the cement floor as Cawley and Sheehen ducked through the doorway and secured the heavy, steel door behind them. He sat hunched over the edge of his bed, frozen like a wax figure in a museum. Dull, humid light from a single barred window illuminated the eight by ten foot cell. Laeddis's eyes burned and he could still feel the dull ache of a long inveterate migraine. He lowered his head into his hands and closed his eyes. Laeddis remained silent and motionless until he heard the rustle of movement in the hallway outside his cell. He turned his head slowly to the left and squinted. The dark, reddish shadows around his eyes betrayed sadness and apprehension. Yet, as the hospital staff was painfully aware, Laeddis was unflaggingly intrepid. He clung fiercely to his training as a U.S. Marshal and regularly pelted staff and fellow patients with verbal and physical attacks. Dr. Sheehan documented all of Laeddis's outbursts, eager to dissect an interesting mental trait. What was it that made Laeddis cleave to his identity as a Marshal, but not to the memories of his wife and children? Sheehan knew the answer, but did Laeddis? The movement outside the cell grew louder, culminating in a click of the latch and the soft creak of the door sliding away from the facing. Laeddis straightened his back and placed his feet flat upon the floor. The door opened slowly and Nurse Marino appeared with a plastic tray topped with a small plate and a paper cup. Laeddis scowled and turned away. He could not endure another visit from the staff. He could not bear any additional psychological stimulus. Nurse Marino stopped at the foot of the bed and nodded. \"Mr. Laeddis.\" Laeddis refused to acknowledge her. \"Mr. Laeddis, I've brought dinner. And I'll wait until you eat.\" Nurse Marino's tone was commanding, but calm. She was intimately familiar with Laeddis's habits and confident in her ability to counter them. The cell door was still partially open and the muffled cries and soft voices of patients and orderlies echoed down the hall. Laeddis felt his muscles burn as he yearned to fly at the door. The nurse was a tall woman, but she was weak, he thought. She could not hold him. Yet, Nurse Marino was more stalwart than Laeddis assumed and she waited patiently at the foot of the bed, two fingers smoothing the ends of her red hair. \"I'm not leaving, Mr. Laeddis, until you eat.\" When Laeddis finally turned to face her, she felt a sudden sting of shock and adrenaline. Laeddis looked weak and pitiable. Dr. Sheehan had given her a briefing and she understood the circumstances of Laeddis's mental condition, but she did not expect to see him so physically damaged. Nurse Marino concealed her shock by extending the tray toward Laeddis and placing it at the end of the bed. He hesitated, glaring at the nurse, his blue eyes clouded by frustration and fatigue, before slowly moving toward the plate. Nurse Marino observed as Laeddis ate, feeling an odd combination of fear and sympathy. Dr. Cawley often spoke about the importance of cultivating compassion for patients, but Nurse Marino believed only half of what Dr. Cawley preached. She was a pragmatic woman, who spent more time with patients than Cawley, Sheehan, and Naehring combined. When anyone reminded Cawley that his patients were also violent offenders, he dismissed the notion that a patient's penchant for violence had anything to do with his ability to foster empathy for another human being. Laeddis suddenly stopped eating and sat back on the bed, his back against the wall. \"You were involved, too.\" He said in a tired, accusatory voice. \"Involved?\" \"In the role-play.\" Nurse Marino nodded. \"I remember your answer.\" \"Do you?\" She was surprised he remembered the role-play at all. \"You said usual wasn't a big part of your day.\" \"That's right.\" Laeddis responded with a spiteful grin. \"It worked.\" \"What worked, Mr. Laeddis?\" \"The game.\" Nurse Marino leaned forward to return the plate to the tray, but Laeddis lunged across the bed and grabbed the nurse's wrist. \"You know about me?\" He asked. \"You know what I did?\" Instinctively, the nurse tried to pull away. \"Know what you did?\" \"You know about my wife and my babies?\" \"I do.\" Laeddis looked directly into her face, as if waiting for her to elaborate. With her other hand, she removed the tray and plate and placed them on the floor. Laeddis watched as she moved without hesitation, all the while allowing him to retain possession of her wrist. When she stood up, she returned Laeddis's gaze and looked him squarely in the eyes as if to ask \"what now?\" Then, almost unexpectedly, Laeddis covered his face with his free hand. \"Mr. Laeddis, let me give you something for your headache.\" \"How did you know I had a headache?\" His voice was muffled behind his hand. \"You complained to Dr. Sheehan.\" Laeddis couldn't remember. He rubbed his eyes and felt the nurse reach for the small, paper cup on the tray. Looking up, he made eye contact with her for a moment before focusing on the cup in her hand. \"These will help.\" \"I don't need help.\" \"Your headaches will continue without them.\" \"Yeh? I've always had headaches.\" \"Don't you want to be rid of them?\" Laeddis looked up and squinted in disgust. \"What the fuck kind of question is that?\" The nurse didn't reply, but extended the cup toward Laeddis's hand. Laeddis released her wrist and looked at her plaintively, ignoring the cup. \"Jesus,\" he said. \"It was my fault.\" \"Take the pills, Mr. Laeddis.\" \"I should have gotten her help. I should have stopped her. I should have . . .\" \"Mr. Laeddis?\" \"I should have saved them. Rachael, Jesus, I should have saved them!\" \"Mr. Laeddis.\" Laeddis's hands curled into fists and Nurse Marino took one step backward toward the door. \"Why didn't I get her help? How could I let this happen?\" Laeddis growled. \"I had to do it. I had to kill her. Do you understand? I didn't have a choice.\" \"Mr. Laeddis, I . . .\" \"I couldn't help her. She asked me . . .\" \"Laeddis!\" \"She asked me to set her free,\" he was yelling now. \"She wanted me to do it. I had to.\" \"Andrew!\" Laeddis froze. His eyes were fixed on the nurse, his fists clenched, shoulders heaving, and his jaw set in despair. She stared back, holding her breath, afraid of triggering Laeddis's rage with the slightest movement. She waited until he turned his head and fell back into a hunched position before slowly exhaling. She stood unmoving and silent for more than a minute before stepping toward the middle of the room and cautiously lowering herself onto the bed next to Laeddis. He stared at the floor, his breathing barely audible. The nurse still held the paper cup in her hand, but now kept it out of sight. She waited patiently for Laeddis to speak. \"I get these headaches.\" He whispered. \"I know.\" He looked sideways at her, his face smeared with dirt and tears. She offered the paper cup. \"These will help,\" she repeated. Laeddis looked at the cup and back at her with the same sorrowful expression. And then she did something unintentional; she raised her hand to his face and traced the shadows with her fingertips. Laeddis flinched. She flattened her palm against his forehead and the side of his face, smoothing away the filth. She touched his head, gently untangling the matted hair with her fingers. And then his ear and the edge of his jaw, bruised and sore. He frowned, but his eyes softened and when she tried once more to offer the pills, he refused. \"Nah, I don't need them.\" \"What about the headache?\" \"What headache?\" \"You just complained of a . . .\" \"No headache, nurse.\" She sat back, unsure about what had happened, unsure about Laeddis and unsure about herself. Silently, she retrieved the tray from the floor, placed the cup next to the plate, and stood. Laeddis watched as she observed him for a moment and then crossed the room to the door. \"Dr. Sheehan will meet you in the morning for breakfast.\" \"Yeh?\" She waited for him to continue, but he responded only with a sideways half-smile. \"Good night, Mr. Laeddis.\" Nurse Marino slipped between the door and the facing. Laeddis listened for the sound of the latch and relaxed his shoulders when he knew he was finally alone. He fell back onto the bed and looked up at the ceiling. His head throbbed and his face burned where the nurse had touched him. The dull, gray light moved across Laeddis's face and he screwed up his eyes in pain. Nurse Marino paused outside of Laeddis's cell, convinced that he would suffer the night with a debilitating migraine. She leaned against the heavy door and half-hoped to hear him cry out in despair. Her hopes, she knew, would go unfulfilled. ","Summary":" Doctors Cawley and Sheehan left the room single file and in slow motion, as if they were afraid to "},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Finding Andrew","Author":"Black-Dranzer-1119","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5778083","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As I said in the summary, this is movie-verse. I haven't read the book nor intend to, but I had to write this out. Enjoy! *** It had been half an hour since Lester watched Andrew be escorted to the car to get a lobotomy and he felt tempted to throw something, anything other than sit in Crawley's fancy office and waiting. He barely noticed when Crawley returned, his dazed eyes staring into the depths of the flames. \"There was nothing you could have done. This was a last ditch effort, we knew…\" Lester shook his head. How he wished that were the case. Sculling the remainder of his drink he interrupted. \"… No. We failed him… I failed him .\" The last part was barely a whisper. God, what had he done? \"What are you saying?\" Crawley's voice was soft, soothing, the kind of voice Lester used many times when his patients were talking nonsense. Lester ignored him, his thoughts buzzing in his head, stinging like bees. Two Years. Two years since Andrew had come to them, and he had been placed in their care… his care. Damn it . \"If there is something you are not telling me, I implore you to tell me now.\" Harsher this time and when Lester looked up at his boss now, he knew there were tears in his eyes, yet he could not stop them. \"I-I am starting to think that maybe, maybe he didn't reset after all.\" A long pause followed this statement. \" My god .\" The whispered words were more than Lester could handle and he found himself babbling in an attempt to give some justification for his actions. \"I went over and he asked me how I was… I thought he was ok and then he started pulling out all this partner business again… I thought… I thought.\" Lester's words were a gush as if getting them out as fast as possible would some how lessen the implications of his actions. \"Go on,\" Crawley's voice was flat as he sat down. Lester felt ill. \"Moments after I signalled to you, he said something. He said that he had been wondering whether it would be better to die as a good man or live as a crazy one. That in itself isn't much, but then to walk away without a word?\" Lester took a shuddering breath. \"That isn't Teddy. Teddy asks questions. Teddy would have been suspicious, would have wanted to know where he was going and why I wasn't coming. That man wasn't Teddy. He was Andrew.\" Lester felt his throat clench and he could say no more. He knew what happened to people like… Andrew. \"Yes; that was rather strange,\" Crawley admitted, absent minded as he took out his pipe. His motions practiced to beyond the point of needing to think about them. \"I was right to place him in your care; I doubt anyone else would have noticed that.\" His face was blank too, as though he had come to some unknown decision. \"… But I failed, I let him go…\" Lester stammered, quite unable to believe what he was hearing. \"What do you think he would have done if you drew that to our attention? As you know he is quite intelligent and resourceful when need be. He would have just have sank further back into his Teddy persona and we would have been fooled.\" Crawley sighed, the pipe dangling lazily from his lips. \"I think it might be best for you to take some time off. You have been focused on Andrew consistently for so long that you need it. If you want you can take the ferry out either tomorrow or the day after. Leave me a contact number and I will get back to you if I hear anything about Andrew.\" Lester nodded mechanically and stood up. \"One last thing; I think it would be best if you keep this between us. Telling people won't change anything. I'm sorry. I really hoped that things would have worked out better this time.\" \"I am too.\" *** So what do you think? I was really trying to keep them in character. I suspect I got that quote thing wrong but I couldn't find it and I have only seen the movie once. Last night actually and I thought it was awesome. Anyway thanks for reading. ","Summary":" As I said in the summary, this is movie-verse. I haven't read the book nor intend to, but I had to "},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Boss","Author":"TheeMizKitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6068720","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Boss Disclaimer: I don't own Shutter Island, only the amazing DVD of the movie and the book. Pairing: Teddy/Chuck or, really, Andrew/Lester. Because even crazy men get lonely. Warnings: Slash, m/m—not too heavy though AU in the idea that Andrew was never lobotomized at the end and they continued to try to treat him as his relapses seemed less severe, especially in the presence of Lester. I wonder why… ;p ../.. Lester knows very well that Andrew Laeddis is insane. Although he did have his moments of clarity, like all patients, they were quickly crushed by the delusions, the thoughts and, in Andrew's special case, the despair. Oh God the despair. It ate away at the young man's brain until it was broken into parts, pieces that dug into it like glass shards and covered it like the ash of his destroyed existence and cemented him in places of darkness and records always playing spinning round and round— Sometimes Lester almost fears that he is going to lose his mind as well. The more he tries to think like the broken man, the more of himself he feels he is losing. Insanity almost seems like a big gaping hole to him, and one misstep can send a man spiraling over the edge. He already feels like, as he sits in the same room as Andrew, that he is at the edge. How much more of those pain filled, red rimmed heavy blue eyes can he take? Standard questions begin. Unemotional, almost cold in the way they must be asked. \"Have you had any relapses lately?\" Lester never really knows what the word \"relapses\" means, especially concerning this patient. Wouldn't it be better to ask who he is today? There can only be two answers to that question, and Lester knows them both intimately. Too intimately. Andrew just sinks farther down in his seat, dazed eyes flickering for just a moment before they are dead again. He is silent. Lester tries not to let his concern show but damn it all if the defeated stance doesn't start to get to him, especially after all they've been through. They were partners, for God's sake. They survived a storm together and Andrew— no Teddy— had told him all of his secrets. But they weren't really secrets at all, were they, not when they were written down in medical terms and emotionless details on the paper in front of him. Yes Andrew had killed his wife; yes Andrew had liberated a concentration camp. Facts are not what he needs, as Lester quickly understands; emotions and the fire in Andrew's eyes are all he needs and all he wants. This is his patient and God help him if he was not his friend too. \"Andrew…\" he tries to begin, ignoring, to the best of his ability, the flinch the blonde man gives at the sound of his given name. His real name. \"How have the delusions been? I mean…how have you been feeling?\" He means to be sincere, and he is, he truly is, but that does not stop the insane man from throwing back his head and letting out a hoarse cackle of laughter. It is not the type of laughter that instills fear—at least not for Lester, not anymore. It is the type of laughter that shoots pity through one's gut, the type of laughter that rings with the final note of desperation and the final note of sanity. It is a dying man, a drowning man's, laughter. \"How am I feeling?\" Andrew repeats, and the smile he gives Lester is crooked, more of a grimace. \"How do ya think I'm feeling doc?\" Lester hates it when he calls him doc; he absolutely hates it. It reminds him of his station, of what he is considered to Andrew. A doctor and that was all. But who could blame Andrew for not seeing him as his friend? Some days, it is like they are acquaintances and they are meeting for the first time; other days, Andrew can only resent him for bringing him back and shattering the wayward delusion that is so perfectly ingrained in his head. Lester breathes in deeply and reaches into his pocket for a cigarette. It is against protocol to smoke around a patient but with Andrew he always seems to just ignore the rules. Not when he knows the man sitting across from him almost as well as he knows himself. \"I think you're feeling confused,\" Lester inhales the smoke. Inhales certain death. \"I think that you don't know what to talk about after everything that has happened. I think that you're afraid.\" When Andrew slams his hands down on the table between them Lester doesn't flinch. He just takes another drag of his cigarette. \"Is that what you think Chuck? \" Andrew hisses out his fake name like a snake, face contorting into a brutal mask of anger and suffering. On Andrew's face it is hard to tell where the anger ends and the suffering starts. \"Do you think I'm goddamn afraid ?\" \"Well yeah,\" Lester shrugs, and almost subconsciously falls into the role of Chuck as he leans forward and takes another drag of his cigarette, exhaling it into the spaces between them. \"That's what I'm thinkin' boss.\" It is the breaking word. There is always one, when around Andrew. Some days it is Dolores; others it is Rachel, lake, children, drown, fire, Laeddis. But never has it been 'boss'. Most of the time Andrew barely notices when he says it, so trapped in his own mind and trying to escape from the other self Lester has fostered. Now at the sound of the key word Andrew is standing from his seat and the orderlies start to rush in, slowly, until like usual Lester stops them with a single raised hand. This is his patient and he will handle him; Andrew is his just like Teddy is Chuck's and they are partners till the end. Like always he does not fight back as he is slammed back against the wall, the cigarette falling from his mouth the smolder somewhere on the dirty floor as Andrew presses against him, all barely contained shaking anger and passion and pain. Passion and pain—always with Andrew they are stuck together, partners in crime, advances in his madness. \"Andrew,\" Lester begins quietly, moving slowly to reach up and grab hold of the other man's shoulder. Beneath his hand he can feel all the muscles twitching under Andrew's uniform, like a skittish racehorse about to go wild, untamed. Lester just keeps his hand there lightly, his eyes peering into the madman's feral ones as calmly as he is able. It does not help that in his chest his heart is beating an insane staccato at Andrew's proximity. He can see each tear stained eyelash, each sore and piece of grim smeared on Andrew's pale face from his cell and his own self inflicted pain. But more than anything, he can clearly see himself reflected in Andrew's stained glass gaze. For a moment everything turns startling still. Even the heartbeat that had for too long been racing inside of Lester's chest sounds muffled. He should be worried, but he isn't. This is a criminal that is pinning him to a wall, a criminal who shot his own wife and beat countless inmates and orderlies of the hospital, but he isn't. How can he be afraid when the man holding him has been through so much? How can he when they've both been through too much together? He is his boss, and he is Chuck and Chuck always looks out for his partner, even when it puts his own life in danger. The life of Chuck is all just a dream anyway. And so he moves closer to his friend, his dear patient who is trembling, breathing so heavily that it is like he has run a mile and is about to collapse. Chuck will be there when he collapses to catch him and Lester will heal all of his wounds. Together they will help him, always together and never apart. \"Chuck…\" he hears the traumatized man whisper desperately, passionately. The hands pinning him against the wall start to loosen into a light caress, a whisper of a touch against the lapels of his coat. It is when Andrew, still Andrew in these final moments looks him dead in the eye again with that fractured and wild and passionate and frenzied gaze that Lester feels something inside of him start to erupt. Later he blames his actions on everything and anything he can think of. The air in the room, the weeks of frustration of not getting through, the exhaustion from countless sleepless nights, and he even almost goes so far as to blame Andrew. But he's only lying to himself and he'll always know that. The truth is that there was no reason for Doctor Lester Sheehan to kiss his patient Andrew Laeddis; no reason at all and that is precisely the entire point. Andrew's mouth is rough and jagged like the rocks that surround the hospital, cuts lining his cheeks and the copper tang of blood from too many cuts from teeth and internal agony. Blood and cigarettes and ashes and something bittersweet is all Lester can taste and it is absolutely perfect, this blend of insanity that he finally tastes for himself. He is tasting insanity and he finds, to his complete dismay, his horror, his life, that he only wants more. This realization, paired with the scrape of sharp teeth against his mouth that announced Andrew is starting to kiss him back, pulls him back to the sharpness of reality, where it digs like a scalpel into his brain. Pushing Andrew off of himself Lester finds that he is shaking and his eyes are wet and his mouth, his mouth is swollen and tingling. It burns God it burns so much that his lips feel like they have been branded and he can never talk again. He is still in a state of shock until he hears it—the hoarse and familiar scream of Andrew from across the room. He looks over blindly to see that the orderlies have Andrew up against the wall as he screams and tears and thrashes at them as they try to stick the familiar needle into his arm. His lips are swollen, his face is an unnatural shade of red, and his eyes, oh his eyes, are staring right into Lester's own. They are so grey that they appear transparent, so empty and hollow that for a moment Lester wonders if he is staring at a person until the screams register and the thrashing and clawing limbs. The sedative sinks into its familiar hole in Andrew's arm just as Lester stumbles closer, hands so wrung dry stretching out to the patient, the friend, the devil in his heart and the voice inside of his head. He is the one that holds Andrew as he slumps to the ground, a mass of nerves and soundless screams and eyes drained of everything life and love and passion and pain and suffering and delusions. For a single moment, as Andrew stares up at him from the floor he is no one and he is fine, a blank slate—tabula rosa. It lasts for only a moment before it is not a drugged Andrews staring up at him but a sleepy Teddy Daniels and he is looking into a face that he has never seen before. \"You must be Chuck,\" he manages to slur as the orderlies move in to grab him and take him away, back to his cell where he will think he is at home or in his office and still always and ever the hero, the Marshall who will liberate. Lester swallows the bile in his throat. He can still taste Andrew Laeddis in his mouth as they take Teddy Daniels away. \"Yes Boss,\" he softly replies into the empty room. His cigarette is extinguished on the floor. \"That's who I am, Boss.\" ../.. Feel free to comment ","Summary":" Boss Disclaimer: I don't own Shutter Island, only the amazing DVD of the movie and the book. Pairin"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Ferry Rides","Author":"SilentKnightInDisguise11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5831079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Ferry Rides Summary: Very short one-shot! The alternate ending everyone had been thinking of [well...I had], but never really got. For all of you people out there that simply couldn't get over the ending of SI. Genre: Horror, Tragedy Rating: T --- Silent Knight: I just watched Shutter Island, and couldn't get this idea out of my mind. Basically, we're gonna go with what Teddy thought. Meaning that in this alternate ending, Shutter Island does house patients to run tests on them. The little girl in his dreams was the girl that had died when Teddy was in the force, and he felt like he failed to save her and all the other survivors. He isn't a mental patient. I just want to make sure you get this and don't think I'm following the ending of Shutter Island step by step. I only own this story and the alternate ending idea. Everything else doesn't belong to me at all. Enjoy. Silent Knight over and out! Ferry Rides Oneshot Teddy Daniels gripped the shotgun tightly, his soggy shoes squishing against the rocks as he approached the lighthouse. This was it. He was going to go in there, fish Chuck Aule, his partner, out of there and get the fuck in the ferry. And then they'd be out of this hellhole forever. Never would they have to come back. They...they'd expose these bastards and their sick, twisted minds to everyone in the world. But then, just as he was inches away, he stopped. Teddy furrowed his eyebrows, running a hand over his head. That surely wasn't because of that medication Dr. Cawley had slipped him. Chuck laying there, unmoving, as the waves continued to crash again and again over his body. The long drop...it could've killed anyone. Along with the deadly currents of the water. One of the guards had told him that, but Teddy didn't suspect it to be a lie. His mind raced as he knew...he knew he was dead. Chuck was dead. Gone. Teddy furrowed his eyebrows, running a hand over his head. This surely wasn't because of that medication Dr. Cawley had slipped him. He then shook his head, trying to move those memories aside. No. How...no. No. Chuck couldn't be dead. He couldn't. He...he's in the lighthouse. Of course. No...Chuck. He, he was trapped in the lighthouse! Where they were doing God knows what to him! Torturing him! No...no. He couldn't leave without Chuck. Never. Chuck was laying unmoving, the waves crashing over his limp body. Teddy grabbed onto his head, but this time not from a massive migraine that Dr. Cawley had enforced onto him. This time, from the truth that was coming to him. Chuck was dead. He was gone. If...if Teddy went in the lighthouse, then...they'd kill him, too. Then what help would he be to Chuck? How could he tell this tale to the world? How could he expose these bastards? Even though Chuck was dead...he knew what he had to do. He needed to get onto the ferry. Not for himself, but for Chuck and every single soul that were on Shutter Island, helpless as the experiments carried on. Closing his eyes, he cringed as he heard the small, almost-muffled screams coming from inside the lighthouse. He couldn't help whoever was in there. Even if he went in, there would be no way he could get out of here. And so, with a heavy heart, Teddy turned around, running towards the ferry now, images of the time spent with Chuck running through his mind. Chuck...Chuck...he was doing this for Chuck; his only friend. The only person he trusted. Finally, when Teddy reached the dock, he tightly gripped the rifle in his hand, looking around wildly. Nobody were there, perhaps still attracted to the car he had blown up. With determination Teddy walked onto the ferry, rifle in hand. The conductor stared at the rifle in his hand, baffled. \"W-What are you -\" But Teddy gave him no chance to speak. \" Shut up !\" He grabbed him by the lapel of his old, crispy suit and brought him face to face with him, \"Don't think I don't know what you all are doing here, you bastard ! Running tests on...God, you sick, twisted fuck ! And you're not even doing anything about it!\" Teddy yelled angrily. \"I-I...I don't know what you're talking about, Marshal,\" Said the man, but Teddy could easily see through his facade, \"We-we're not...I-I don't know what you're...talking...about.\" \"Don't act dumb with me!\" He brought him even closer, \"I know everything . So if you don't start this ferry...I'm gonna blow your brains out first , you hear me?\" The conductor nodded his head and immediately ran towards his crew, whispering furiously. Teddy kept an eye on them, his rifle trained directly on the man he had been speaking with earlier. He was getting out of Shutter Island...there was no way they were going to declare him insane and do sick tests on him. He would never let them. The conductor ran back. \"A-All ready.\" And with that said, he ran back towards his crew and they immediately got into their places. Teddy still kept his guard up but turned towards the Island as the ferry slowly began exiting the dock. Some people finally noticed the ferry and began to whispering and pointing. And that's when he saw Dr. Cawley. He was standing there, his face red, eyes trained on him and only him, not even noticing the crowd. Perhaps he realized they were there, but wasn't giving them any attention, Teddy didn't know. And he didn't give a fuck either. All he knew was that he was going to expose Shutter Island, this whole place for who they were. And that he was going to take revenge for Chuck, and all of these patients in this Godforsaken Island. Even though it certainly wasn't the time to, Teddy smirked. But the smirk went off his face when he saw who was standing there, beside Dr. Cawley. Dolores, his wife, was standing there, hand in hand with that little girl he'd always see in his dreams. They waved at him, slowly. And with a heavy heart, Teddy released a hand from his rifle, and waved back. End. ","Summary":" Title: Ferry Rides Summary: Very short one-shot! The alternate ending everyone had been thinking of"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Shutter Island","Author":"SKS125","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6072778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: My name is Andrew Laeddis and I am a psychopath. Or so the cruel guatds call me, I have been trapped on this island for too long,way too long, its time for me to flee this God forsaken place. She was right... Rachel was really right; they would never let me go. Drugs have been injected and put in everything I injest. They have turned me into a retard,a psychopathic, stupid retard . I have gotten these strange hallucinations. All I think about in this small hell-hole is those stupid lies. , that devil man has kept on this island. . . And Chuck, that liar, has turned against me, made lies about me, I didn't kill my wife, my children are dead, and my real name is Edward Daniels. They make such stupid lies, to test those drugs. on me. Oh… and that tower...they hold brain surgeries there. Sometimes I really do wonder should you die as a good man or live as a bad. Its hard to decide but for now, my psychopathic mind is set on leaving this island, leaving Shutter Island.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1: I have cried myself to sleep every night. Thinking of Shutter Island. I have become a psychopath. Everyone here is. They have combined me with the real retards. Like that lady who killed her husband with an axe. Crazy isn't! But Andrew Laeddis killed my wife. Not me, I am Edward Daniels, I am a U.S marshal. I never killed Dolores, my lovely but retarted wife. She killed me inside, she took the lives of my kids away. And those DEVILS! RASCALS! Those demon guards torture me; suffocate me, just to get a stupid lie into my head. Dipping me in spine, chilling ice-cold water I am not Andrew Laeddis; I never murdered my treacherous wife and, I will never given to a nasty sick lie. To be honest though, I have been drowning in the lies so much, I have started to believe them. I...I… have to lead my consciousness in another direction. I just do not understand why I'll never get off this island, why I am in the worst house; house C, why they treat me like garbage, a piece of trash…like…like a beggar on the streets pleading for freedom; and I will never understand why I was betrayed, betrayed by my psychopathic wife, by chuck, by the sickening doctor. Rachel was right… there is no way out once you get in…right? Just going to stay in this hell-hole filled with the stench of death here. Singing songs lullabies, acting like a crazy! But all I know right now, what I am trying to believe, is that I am Edward Daniels and I never killed that horrible treacherous lady in which I unfortunately called my wife. Becasue of her sometimes I hallucinate my dead kids' voices, \"Join us dad\" they whisper temptingly. I answer no firmly only finding myself alone. My plans of escaping so far are hopeless, only death can free my tortured paining soul. All exits blocked, barricaded, there is no way out, no turning back now. That doctor is sick, psychopathic; I don't understand why he's disgusting face never shows up in the jail cell, maybe because of his power of murder, or his lies. It reeks of death and ingested drugs in this God Forsaken hell-hole. I can't take is anymore, I won't survive. There has to be a way out…but yes there is, I REMEMEBER! I have found it…. A way out. That stupid boat was to suppose to get me out of this hell-hole. But they held me back. My savior disappeared into the moonlight. Filled with anger and vengeance they took me back. Inside the cage. The cold lonely cage. It's made me crazy, I have become a psycho inside and out. I may try the ferry boat; Its chances of succeeding are low, but there may never be a way out of Shutter Island. ","Summary":" Prologue: My name is Andrew Laeddis and I am a psychopath. Or so the cruel guatds call me, I have b"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Alternate Reality","Author":"Marie Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8017039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I didn't QUITE like the ending. It was good but not GREAT… so I wrote three alternate endings as a, sort of, replacement. Teddy and Chuck may be a little out of character… a little… maybe. Here's one of three. 1/2 Enjoy! X.x.X.x As he climbed the last rock to the top of the cliff, where he had left his partner, he began to feel bad for yelling at him like that. By the time was able to stand up straight he felt his heart sink to the bottom of his stomach, \"Chuck,\" He called and looked around the deserted cliff side and froze when he saw a burning cigarette laying on the side of the cliff side. \"Shit,\" he breathed and walked up to it and picked up the butt gingerly. Carefully he leaned over the cliff side, looking for a sign of his partner. \" Chuck! \" He cried when he saw a limp body at the bottom of the rock face, the sea's waves crashing over the unmoving body's form. After a quick decision he got to his knees and slowly pivoted on the rough terrain and began to descend the cliff face, his eyes constantly flashing back to the form of his friend, praying that the waves did not wash him away in the current. He felt the wind push itself between him and the rock face and tried to hug the cliff to keep from falling the rest of the way down. Half way there… He told himself and continued to climb down. A quarter way down the wind blew a piece of paper near him and he gasped, it was the same paper Chuck had tried to convince him was 'all they needed for evidence'. Why didn't he listen, he and Chuck could be safe on the ferry by now, if I had just listened! He jumped down the last foot to the shore line and looked around for the form of his friend. The waves crashed up and soaked his white, 'orderly', clothing. He ignored the chill that went up his body from the freezing water and moved towards the place he'd last seen his friend lying. \"Chuck!\" He called, \"Chuck, where are you?\" He climbed over a few rocks, nearly slipping and crashing into the foaming sea but caught his balance – he told himself that he had to keep going, for Chuck's sake. Teddy jumped over another rock, the fear of losing his partner because of his own paranoia and distrust was eating at him and was surely going to place him in the facility, not as a visitor but as a patient. \"Chu-\" he stopped mid call when he saw the form of his partner, floating face down in the water, moving back and forth with the small waves. \"Chuck!\" He cried again and ran to him and pulled him out of the tide pool before the waves pulled him out to sea. \"Chuck\" He cried and pulled him onto a flat rock that was above all of the water that still threatened to carry his friend and partner away. \"Chuck are you with me?\" He cried and pressed his ear against Chuck's chest. \"Chuck can you hear me? Stay with me Chuck!\" The U.S. Marshall shouted by his partners ear. Without another moment of hesitation Marshall Daniels wrapped his fingers together to make one fist and began to pump the ball of fingers into his friends' chest. \"C'mon buddy! Stay with me!\" He cried and when nothing came of his pumping the first 5 times he tilted Chuck's head back, pushing his wet hair out of his paled face before holding his nose and breathing air into his water logged lungs. \"Don't you do this to me, Chuck\" He breathed and returned to pumping his chest. Teddy Daniels repeated this process until he was out of breath and stiff. \"Come back Chuck!\" He screamed one last time before slamming his fist into his stomach. With a sense of overwhelming relief he gathered his friend into his arms as he began to spit of salt water from his lungs and onto Teddy's shirt and shoulder. \"You're alright…\" He soothed and held him close. Chuck grasped the jacket of his boss' uniform tightly as he brought ragged breaths of air into his lungs. \"B-boss\" He gasped. \"I'm here, I'm sorry I left you.\" He apologized and shifted his weight so he could hold the shaking man closer. \"Boss, I can't move.\" He muttered. \"It'll pass…\" He shook his head just a little bit, \"No I seriously cannot move my legs, boss.\" Teddy frowned deeply and looked his partner up and down slowly, \"My chest hurts…\" He added slowly. \"Just hang on, I'm gonna get you out of this.\" Teddy tried to ignore the idea his friend was going to be disabled because of him. \"Boss…\" \"Damnit, just hang on I'm thinking!\" He could feel himself start to shake. \"Boss, I'm sorry…\" He muttered. Looking down at his friends face again he began to cry; Chuck was covered in water and blood, his own blood. He could bet his chest hurt because Chuck shattered his ribs when he landed, and he doubt he helped with that any by pumping his chest as hard as he did. \"Did someone push you, Chuck? Did someone do this to you?\" He asked and cupped his cheek, trying to keep his eyes on him. Chuck looked up at him grimly, his lips drawn into a thin line. \"Y-yeah… I didn't even hear him coming… just I was looking for you… see if I could keep an eye on you b-but then… I felt hands on my shoulders. Next th-thing I kn-knew I was on my face - 50 feet down.\" Nodding his understanding Teddy readjusted his friend in his arms. \"Just rest, buddy, you're alright.\" He said, pushing the tears aside the best he could. Chuck had stopped shaking and was looking up at the sky blankly. \"The paper…\" He muttered. \"I've got it, I got the paper. This roof is about to blow off this hell hole.\" He assured before grabbing Chuck's hand in his. \"Listen, I'm sorry I didn't listen. I'm so sorry…\" \"Give 'em hell boss.\" He nodded, giving him a subtle wink before looking back at the sky. Teddy watched as his friend began to struggle for each new breath, helplessly. After a few seconds of torment Chuck took his last breath, once he was gone Daniels finally allowed himself to cry. He closed his eyes and pulled Chuck's limp, wet, and cold body closer to him as he rocked back and forth. Closing his eyes he pressed Chuck's forehead to his, what had he done? He'd just got his partner killed over what, pride, fear, out of place mistrust? Whatever it was, it was the end of his only friend. The U.S. Marshall could hear an odd squeaking sound and sat up straight, holding his friend close with both arms as he looked around only to find three rats crawling up Chuck's bent leg. \"Get off of him!\" He shouted angrily and tossed the vermin down into the crashing waves below. As he looked further up the shore he could see a whole horde of slimy, wet, rats crawling and scrambling over one another to get to the fresh meat outside of their hole in the wall – cliff side. \"They will not have you.\" He promised his passed friend and carried him to a safer spot and turned back to look just in time as a dim, orange, hue spread across the slippery rock face. Casting his eyes across his friend's features and judging how long it would take the rats to reach his friend who was now placed on a high rock, away from the rats, Marshal Daniels trekked across the rocks and sea of diseased rats to get to the hole in the wall where the fire was emanating from. X.x.X.x Okay, so after this ending basically it goes on as the movie does but there is no 'you're number 67' or anything like that. Teddy doesn't believe that Chuck ISN'T dead – he knows he is and sends the body home to Chuck's family to be buried. He finishes his case and shuts down Shutter Island for good. Chuck wasn't a psychiatrist and Ted wasn't a patient who killed his wife – what the movie made out to be a 'dream' or 'false reality' is reality in this. To the next one! Note: As I finally get this out of my head and into story format I'm beginning to realize just how weird these idea's are… but… might as well continue yeah? In other words: I know these are weird but I might as well get them out there for those of you who DON'T think they are. Thank you for at least getting this far - For at least reading the first chapter…[Chapter 2] Okay, so this is how this one is going down. The first chapter didn't happen, instead it went how the movie went; Chuck disappeared and Teddy is convinced that Chuck is alive and is being tortured at the light house – only he doesn't find an empty place and he isn't being told that his whole life is a lie. In this one he finds exactly what he's expecting… 2/2 Enjoy! X.x.X.x He tore open the door, gun at the ready, and looked up and down the cylinder shaped building. \"Damn drugs.\" He muttered under his breath as he looked at his shaking hands, before taking a deep breath and starting his race up the winding stairs, bound to find his partner. However, every time he opened one of the doors at the end of each platform, he was met with empty rooms that wouldn't hold anything but maybe a bed with a small nightstand. Teddy reached the final platform and tore the door open this was the last room, \"This has to be it.\" He said in a disbelieving voice as he stepped into the middle of the largest room in the light house. \"H-how… how can there be nothing here?\" He shouted and kicked at a toppled over chair. The room was filled with empty boxes and crates covered with dusty white sheets, a desk with an office chair sat at in the middle of the musty room but other than that there was nothing. \"Nothing?\" He spun around the room slowly, hoping to see something that would lead to a secret passage or – \"It's a front… a decoy.\" He whispered and turned back to the door and sped down the spiraling staircase, when he reached the bottom of the stairs he stumbled to a stop and looked around the flooring for something, anything that would lead him to his friend. Taking a deep breath before moving under the staircase, the Marshall ran his hands over the damp brick wall, hoping to find some sort of latch that would open the 'secret' door to the actual facility. Ted was certain that there was more to this lighthouse than what was let on, he was even more certain that his partner was alive. Finally, after running over the entire perimeter of the lighthouse he gave up, there was nothing on the ground either. \"Damnit!\" After breathing heavily in despair he leaned up against the wall, his legs bracing his back against the bricks. Leaning his head back he sighed, \"I don't know what to do…\" He sighed silently hoping his wife would visit him one last time but he knew that was the last thing he really needed. Right now he needed his partner and he had no idea where he was. Then as sudden as a clap of thunder before a big storm there was a loud bang and then dust began to fall from around the walls, like rain, around him – covering him in a thin sheet of dust and dirt. He came away from the wall just before a large hole in the wall swallowed him into darkness. Surprised he stared at the black abyss into the secret passage he undoubtedly found with the help of fate. \"Chuck!\" He called in a harsh whisper before looking over his shoulder a few times and stepped into the unknown. X.x.X.x With unresolved fear and anticipation he walked down the center of the narrow passage way, tripping every so often over clutter that filled the hall – resisting the urge to cry out when he slammed his foot against a fallen brick. Bracing his hands on the damp walls he breathed in the musty air to keep himself from making any noise. Once he felt calm enough he stood up straight and blinked rapidly a few times as water and sweat dripped into his eyes. The passage was dripping with water - a lot like a leaky boat would and had soaked him to the bone in the short time he'd been there. He was certain that sweat was a heavy contributor to how wet he was. As he limped forward, shuffling his right foot more than he probably should, he tried to keep his shaking arms steady. He knew that if he was this shaky now he would be worthless to Chuck when it came down to having to take the shot with his stolen weapon he was holding in his hands. Finally, at the end of the darkened tunnel he saw a light. Something in him told him that he shouldn't move towards the light but he figured it was just his sense of humor trying to make light of his tense situation. Moving forward slowly, trying not to make too much noise with his injured foot which was dragging pathetically on the wet cement as he walked. He licked his lips as he drew near to the door at the end of the walkway in anticipation. He heard strangled cries as another person reminded the victim that he could scream all he wanted, nobody would hear him because, \"He was under water\". Something boiled in him, Chuck was in there and they were not only torturing him but taunting him. He crept closer to the door, licking his dry, cracked lips again, and peeked through the crack of the partially opened door. He came just in time. The 'doctors' had strapped him to a operation table with leather straps around his wrists and ankles, another strap wrapped over his chest and yet another over his forehead. \"Chuck…\" he breathed in surprise. Just as the name left his lips he heard a low humming sound and watched as the doctors moved in with hair razor to shave his head of his thick curly hair. Without another thought Teddy burst through the door and raised his gun and pointed it in the directions of the doctors. There were three of them , all of them standing around Chuck's 'table' but he didn't hesitate instead he fired three shots, landing each bullet from the rifle to the intended target's head. \"Boss\" He heard a pathetic call from the operation table. Once the three doctors fell to the surprisingly dry floor with dull thuds Teddy moved around the table to the left side but the right side of his friend and partner. \"Hey…\" He greeted as he placed a hand on his friends chest noting his morbid appearance. \"What did they do to you Chuck?\" He whispered, did he really fall off that cliff-side? He wondered to himself. Chuck was covered in deep cuts which were stitched together with thick threads at the ends of the severed skin. His chest, arms and right side of his face were discolored in yellow and purple, his shirt was unbuttoned down the middle until the last two buttons, his shoes and socks were missing and he was covered in twisted wires that were attached to his face, neck, chest, and arms; though some looked like they could be IV's. \"B-boss… how'd y-you find me?\" He asked between short breaths. He's in shock… He figured and began to unbuckle the straps around his partner's wrists. \"I knew something was wrong when they tried to convince me you didn't exist.\" He said carefully, trying to concentrate his own shaking hands and fumbling fingers on the buckles. \"Y-you alright?\" He asked his eyes going over his boss's body. Laughing a bit Ted paused. \"You were almost… and you're asking me?\" \"Boss you're shakin'…\" He pointed out with a sharp look in his eye. \"They've been druggin' us Chuck… 'm goin' through withdrawls…\" He explained as he finally managed to release his buddy's hands and moved to his legs while Chuck started to yank at the wires and IV's frantically. \"What are you talkin' about?\" He asked in surprise, trying not to panic. Ted sighed as he fumbled at the buckles on the other straps near his feet. \"It's in the food, our drinks, even our borrowed smokes.\" He elaborated. \"You fuckin' kidding me?\" He asked and waited patiently for Ted to finish with the ankle straps so he could move onto the head strap which he couldn't get undone by himself. As Ted worked at getting the head restraint undone he continued. \"No, you were right, bud. This whole thing was a set up… they were lookin' into me as much as I was lookin' into them.\" He finished releasing his friend from his complicated restraints and stepped back. Chuck sat up and gritted his teeth against the pain. \"Damn\" He bit out under his breath before sitting up straight and looking back at the man in front of him. \"I told you boss, this whole thing stunk.\" Nodding Ted agreed, \"You were right…\" He repeated genuinely. \"We gotta get out of here boss, they can't know that you found me. We'll have to come back another time… or send someone else. We've got the proof… we've got the list.\" He said before slumping his shoulders in unspoken defeat. \"You do have the paper… right?\" He nodded, \"Yeah, I got the paper.\" He moved to help Chuck wrap his arm around his shoulders while wrapping his own arm around his waist for support. \"We're getting the next ferry out of here.\" He informed and guided him down the damp, narrow, passageway. X.x.X.x The two soaking wet men stumbled down the pathway from the lighthouse down to the bank. \"Chuck, ya thing you can swim?\" He asked as their feet stumbled to a stop by the crashing waves. The water looked cold and dark, morbidly welcoming, but still frightening as it lapped against the beaten, slippery, rocks. \"Yeah, should be…\" He said in a low, deep, voice. Ted turned to face his friend, \"Hey, listen,\" he ordered and made Chuck square off to him, \"I'm not goin' to let you die here.\" He assured. With a small, dark, laugh Chuck nodded. \"Okay Boss…\" \"I mean it Chuck,\" he pushed further but after that didn't say anything more, instead he dove into the dark water with perfect form. He swam out with practiced strokes effortlessly before stopping and turning to face where he'd left Chuck, treading water patiently while watching Chuck carefully. \"I've got your back\" He assured, spitting out water as it splashed into his opened mouth. \"Boss I can hardly breathe as it is…\" he said nervously and took a few steps back. \"No,\" Ted shook his head violently as he bobbed in the harsh waves, \"don't quit now! We can get out of here Chuck!\" \"Ted –\" \"Chuck you get in this water,\" He ordered. The damaged man stood on the shore, still as a statue but at the sound of a motor boat from the other side of the lighthouse his eyes went wide. \"Chuck they're coming! We have to leave… now!\" He said his arms tired of treading as he continued to keep the water from forcing itself down his throat. After a few moments of hesitation where his brain said yes but his feet said no he finally jumped into the frigid waters below, swimming quickly to catch up with Ted. As they swam back to the mainland Ted continuously looked behind him to make sure Chuck hadn't ducked under. Once they were on the shore Teddy was able to climb the rocky terrain easier, despite his constant shake, as a result he ended up dragging Chuck up with him. By the time they were back in the soft grass they were covered in mud staining his white clothing a dark brown color with bits of grass pasted on like shredded pieces of paper on glue. He looked over to his friend who was now laying on his back which covered him in mud on the front and the back, he let out a small laugh, despite their current situation, at his partners face which had mud around his eyes making him look like he had a child's costume mask on. \"Hey buddy… you got some stuff…\" he pointed at his own face, unaware he was sporting a similar look. \"Oh yeah?\" Chuck said with a half smirk, still pained but amused as well. \"I'm just following your lead.\" Ted let out an airy laugh before laying on his back next to Chuck, \"Following me isn't always the best idea.\" He said seriously. On the corner of his eye he could see Chuck loll his head in his direction, he could feel his glare. \"Bull shit Boss.\" He said, angrily? \"If we had just…\" \"If we had just not taken the case I would have never met you but probably would have gotten to the same place, only I wouldn't have been as aware of the situation and I'd still be in that lighthouse… dead or alive.\" He argued. Ted turned his own head to look at his partner and friend. \"You undersell yourself.\" With a small chuckle, a wince following soon after, Chuck shook his head against the ground. \"I learned from the best.\" They laughed together, one wincing after and the other pausing in concern before stopping completely as he noticed his shake was even worse – his whole body now shook like a dryer machine on the highest setting. \"Boss, we gotta get you to a doctor.\" \"Nobody nearby I hope…\" He said with a small smile which earned him a humored smile in return but nothing further. Instead both of them got to their feet, trying to keep their balance as the trekked for the ferry's dock, not even two minutes after they got started an alarm sounded from behind them, from the lighthouse. Sharing a short look they scrambled forward. \"What… do you… propose… we do…\" Chuck started, talking between breaths before stumbling to a stop and putting his hands on his knees as he bent forward. Ted stumbled to a stop a few feet in front of him but turned to face his partner as he caught his breath. \"When we get to the ferry…?\" He finished finally, still bent forward but he craned his neck forward to look at his partner and friend. \"We'll just sneak on… the chances of the ferry man being in on this freak-show can't be too likely… so he may not search all the nooks and crannies.\" Ted shrugged a little and took a few steps toward Chuck. \"C'mon buddy… we gotta keep moving.\" He encouraged and Chuck nodded while he placed his hand on Ted's shoulder for support. \"Okay…\" X.x.X.x Once they were back at the dock they slipped on, most of the security was focused on the main building and the shores around the lighthouse. Ted was shaking but still did his best to support his friend, holding Chuck's right arm around his shoulders, his own left arm wrapped around Chuck's middle for added support. They stumbled into the cargo hold below deck and hid in the far back, making a wall of crates and boxes to try and hide their position in the corner. Once Ted finished making a small wall around their tiny square he fell back and sat next to Chuck who was slumped against the wall behind them. \"You alright?\" Ted asked. Chuck grimaced and nodded, \"Yeah,\" \"Hang in there buddy.\" Ted said and wrapped his arm around his partners shoulders. \"Boss… you're just as bad as I am.\" With a laugh his friend begged to differ, \"I didn't fall off a cliff, get dragged into a lighthouse where I almost had my head cut open.\" Chuck shivered at the thought but managed a small laugh, \"Yeah well… I didn't fall.\" Ted turned his head to look at Chuck directly instead of just looking forward and talking to the crates. \"What?\" He asked, anger bleeding through his tone. \"Boss, I may not be the most coordinated person but I'm not clumsy enough to fall off a cliff. I was pushed.\" He said and nodded his head before turning his head to meet Ted's. \"They pushed me off so you'd find me and then took me away before you could get to me… they faked my death, man.\" Ted growled deep in his chest, \"These people are fucked up.\" He said low, \"I swear, I will come back with an army to take these people out.\" He vowed and Chuck nodded. \"I'll be with you, Boss.\" He swallowed hard and leaned his head back against the far wall. \"You okay?\" Ted asked concern clear in his voice. He nodded and pulled his lips into a thin line. \"Yeah, the adrenaline is just wearing off.\" He said with a playful wink before closing his eyes, keeping his head back. \"We're safe here, just relax.\" Ted assured and just as he finished the engine roared from below them and he smiled, \"We're going home Chuck.\" He added and ruffled Chuck's matted hair. In return Chuck leaned to the side and fell against Ted in relief and exhaustion – falling asleep within moments. Ted smiled and wrapped his arm around Chuck again, keeping him close as the ferry left for the mainland, \"We're going home.\" He repeated softly. X.x.X.x Had a hard time figuring out how to finish this one off - Hope it went alright and you liked it. ~ Leave a comment with whatever suggestions or thoughts you have about it. ~ ","Summary":" Okay, I didn't QUITE like the ending. It was good but not GREAT… so I wrote three alternate endings"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"1 Dress, 27 Funerals","Author":"bsb1628","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12031198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 Dress, 27 Funerals Brittany Bain June 29th, 2016 Summary Saturday had finally come and it was time for her 25th funeral. Yes, 25 funerals. This one, was a friend she had met in college through another friend. You know one of those situations where you grow closer with the person who you are introduced to than the person who did the introduction. This was one of those. She had plenty memories from college to cherish because they loved to go clubbing together. On this same morning, she remembered one Friday night in particular where she wanted to stay in to get ahead in some of her work, but this friend, Sherry, wanted to go check out the club for a while because she heard that there was a drink special this night. Jane thought in her head, \"Why not? I can easily just get a few drink and hang out for 2 hours.\" So she went to go look for one of her good ol' black clubbing dresses in her closet. This one dress that she had worn to too many clubs. The one dress that she wanted to wear was a little tattered so she had to settle for some jeans and a shirt. Now, as Jane is looking through her closet for a black dress to wear to her friend's funeral, she goes to look at this one dress. This one dress that she had worn to too many friends' funerals. \"Have I worn this dress too much?\" She sadly asked herself. Asking herself this question itself had drowned her in sadness because all that she could think about is how much death that she has seen. The thought of anyone else experiencing this much death in life seemed saddening. To think of it, she was only 38 years old. However, she wondered if there was something she had done wrong in her life to go through this so often. \"Sure, most people at this age has experienced losing a friend or two for many different reasons, but I am an expert at this.\" She thought. She is not sure why this one friend has seriously made her think about her life. What was it about this one friend that made her think so deeply about her relation to death? Jane was very sociable so she always had a large friend group. Therefore, in her situation, she thought it could be a pro and a con that she had a lot of friends. She always thought that she could have more friends as they died, but having more friends increased the chances of a greater amount dying. It's strange to think of death in this way, but it sometimes provided comfort. She arrived to the funeral in her \"funeral dress,\" sat down in the pew and who does she see? Her boss that she has been pining over for years. She sat with her legs crossed the ankles, hands gently resting in her lap, but head periodically turning left in his direction. For a few seconds, she almost forgot why she was to church. \"The world is truly small.\" She thought. \"But not that small. This was my friend from college!\" She shook it off as the funeral continued because there were a few portions that had her emotional. At the end of the funeral while walking out, Jane looked around for her boss to ask him how he had known her friend. While mid-head-turn, she felt two taps on her left shoulder. It broke it out her zone so she quickly looked back. The guy standing behind her said, \"I've seen you to a few funerals before this one. Is this a normal thing for you?\" He said while looking at this awfully familiar dress she had on. Perplexed by the question, she shrugged her shoulders and said, \"I guess.\" He figured that she was not in the mood for conversation so he did not say anything else. Meanwhile, while looking for her boss, George, she spots her sister, Tess, outside of the church who came to pick her up because she was in town for a while using her car. However, while going to meet her sister, Jane watched her sister's eyes catch her boss's eyes. In the midst of the crowd, they slowly sauntered toward each other. Jane looked at Tess, then at George. She made two steps toward Tess. She then looked at George, then at Tess again. After continuing this for about 30 seconds, they all meet up. Everything had stopped. \"Uhhh George this is Tess. Tess this is my George. I mean… my boss, George!\" She said nervously as her voice quivered. At this point, Jane did not even wonder how George knew her friend, she just didn't want him to know her sister. She had been around the blocks a bit. Through short conversation, George and Tess had decided to go to the funeral after eats together while Jane decided to go home. Although Jane had seen many deaths in her life, she still stood strong and stayed organized in her life. However, this last one took a toll on her outlook. She began to get cynical. Plus, her sister was about to take away someone who she loved for years. While out to one of her coworker's bridal showers that she organized, the same fellow who spoke to her at the funeral, Kevin, made an appearance. He saw her, approached her, and said, \"Hey, do you remember me from the funeral?\" She nodded. Kevin, content that she remembered, said, \"Ok great. Would you like a drink from the bar?\" She thought why the hell not and said, \"Sure.\" With the drinks flowing, she got to telling Kevin about how so many of her friends are dying and she keeps wearing this one black dress to all of the funerals because it's too much to buy a new dress for every funeral. Kevin was very intrigued by her story because he had never met anyone that experienced so much death. It may have also been intriguing because, little did she know, he wrote in the obituaries section in the newspaper. The next day to work, he was sitting at his desk thinking of a way to get advance himself in the office. He was not sure how he was going go about it, until he thought about how intrigues he was talking to Jane last night. Then, he thought to himself, \"I should make this into an interesting story.\" He thought on it for a bit, and decided to give the idea a try to his boss. Her response was \"Nah, I'm not into it. Plenty people experience death often.\" But he replied, \"25 funerals?\" His boss's eyebrows raised in shock. She decided to give him a shot at writing a rough draft. Since that night of the bridal shower/party, Kevin and Jane have been hanging out a lot ever since. He wanted to get as much information out of her as he could. However, he was also starting to enjoy just having someone to spend the time with. Jane was also enjoying having someone else to spend time with rather than listening to her sister's annoying sexcapades with her boss and thinking about the fact that her cousin and his wife just died in a car accident. It had been three weeks since Jane and Kevin were hanging out. While at work, his boss surprised him by saying, \"Kevin, let me see the story on that girl.\" He paused. \"It's not done yet, please give me more time.\" She said, \"NOW!\" Although he was not ready to send in the piece, he reluctantly did so. Besides, she only wanted to read it- as so we think. After reading it, she called him to the office and said, \"It's good. I'm interested. We're running it. Sunday, front page of the section.\" Kevin originally wanted this, but he needed more time to shift things around \"She's more than just a sad person, you know. I just want to make sure it's right before we print this at any time. Just give me a week.\" His boss agreed. Jane was having a lunch meeting at a popular restaurant with her boss, George, to help pick out food for his and Tess's wedding. They already had a good working relationship but she found herself flirting with him during lunch. Kevin, who also coincidentally decided to have lunch there that same time saw her from a distance. He did not know who the guy was that she was having lunch with, but he wanted to find out. As he ate, he glanced at her in between bites. Jane played with her necklace the whole time talking with George. He legs were crossed at the ankles while tapped her right foot up and down. Kevin approached. \"Hey Jane!\" He startled her. \"H-heyy\" she said while still playing with her necklace (nervously this time). Jane introduced the two and it all became clear to Kevin in that exact moment – she loves him. Riding together to pick up an arrangement for her sister's wedding, Kevin says, \"It's like a light bulb! Of course you're not happy about the wedding. The moment I saw you mooning over him at the restaurant it made sense! You're planning your sister's wedding for the man you love! Your sadness isn't all about just losing these people. You're going to lose your boss too.\" \"I'm excited to be planning my sister's wedding! I'm happy for her. But you can't seem to understand that!\" as Jane attempts to defend her lies. They went back and forth which made Jane's angry driving even worse. The car spun off of the side of the road and into a mud patch. They were stuck in it. They had no service so they had to walk to the nearest place which was a bar. Upon arrival and in the midst of the frustration, Kevin takes off his jacket. \"It's been a long day. I'm gonna have a drink.\" They both decided to have more than a few drinks. The conversation came back up. \"Here I am thinking that we were feeling each other, but you were so busy feeling your boss.\" \"Anyway, I'm not gonna talk about this Mr. Jealous.\" But she enjoyed his jealousy. After a drunken night of singing, dancing, and sex, they found a diner that next morning and ate breakfast. A customer approached and said, \"You're that girl from last night!\" Jane stared blankly at him. \"That girl who sang Benny and the Jets!\" It all became clear to her as she smiled. They continued talking as their waitress approached her and said, \"Hey, you're that girl!\" Jane confidently said, \"Yeahhhh Benny and the Jets.\" Their waitress said \"No, from the newspaper article\" as she showed Jane the article. Jane awkwardly looked at the newspaper, not expecting to see an article titled, \"The Sad, Sad Life\" with a picture in her typical funeral dress at the top. Jane was angered. She stormed away from the table and rushed out of the diner. Kevin rushed behind her saying, \"Jane, I'm sorry but it was not supposed to be published yet! I tried to hold it off.\" She quickly turned around and slapped him. \"But yet you couldn't tell me that you were writing a story about me?\" He felt horrible, and she was humiliated. She never wanted to see him again. She went home, and bought a new black dress for her sister's wedding. She did not see Kevin anymore for the next three weeks, and even if she did, she did not speak to him. ","Summary":" 1 Dress, 27 Funerals Brittany Bain June 29th, 2016 Summary Saturday had finally come and it was tim"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"And So It Begins","Author":"alb925","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8042581","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was almost all too familiar: the drinks, the song and the couple. But today, there were a few things that were different. They weren't at a bar; they were in the ballroom of a hotel. They weren't totally drunk; they were just a little drunk. There was no storm and they weren't soaking wet. But most of all, they weren't two people that grated on each other's nerves anymore. As of three hours ago, they were married. Granted, they were still going to get on each other's nerves here and there, but that one night over a year ago had made them realize they loved each other more than they hated each other. As the opening notes of the song played through the room, Jane couldn't help but smile. She grinned when Kevin pulled her to her feet and made her dance with him. She even smiled and laughed at his crazy dance moves. Then he grabbed a couple of microphones from the DJ and offered one to her. That was where Jane drew the line. It was bad enough singing the song drunk in front of strangers, but at her wedding in front of her family and friends? No way. \"No,\" she insisted. \"Come on, Jane! We have to! It's our wedding! It's our song !\" He tugged on her hand and tried to put the microphone in it, but she moved away, giggling nervously. \" No ,\" she hissed, still giggling. \"Kevin, I won't do it.\" \"You did it before,\" he said. \"I was a tiny bit drunk.\" \"What are you now?\" Kevin raised an eyebrow. \"Slightly buzzed,\" she answered with a huff. Kevin just looked at her. \"Please, Jane?\" \"No,\" she said again. \"Hey, well at least you're saying no.\" Kevin gave her a small smile. Jane thought for a fraction of a second. \"Okay, fine, I'll do it.\" \"Oh, don't do it for me,\" Kevin said. \"Don't let me pressure you.\" \"No, I want to.\" \"Are you sure? You don't have to if you don't want to.\" \"I want to!\" Jane said, louder this time. \"Okay, okay.\" Kevin laughed and handed her the microphone. \"Let's do it.\" \"The song's half over,\" Jane said in one last attempt to get off the hook. \"I can fix that,\" Kevin grinned. He hopped up beside the DJ and said something to him. The DJ nodded before stopping the music completely. The room fell silent and everyone looked up at Kevin, who had moved in front of the DJ stand. \"Hit it,\" he said over his shoulder. The DJ nodded again and started the song over. \"Now, I'm not sure how many of you know this,\" Kevin addressed the crowd, speaking into the microphone to make sure everyone heard, \"but this is the song that made me and Jane famous.\" \"Not famous,\" Jane interrupted, stepping up next to him and facing the crowd. She paused. \"Just well known in the area.\" The crowd chuckled and Kevin chimed in again, a grin on his face. \"So we thought we'd show you exactly how we did it.\" He kicked off his shoes and stepped up onto the closest table, luckily cleared of all breakable dishes after dinner was over. A few gasps that could be heard throughout the crowd, but nonetheless, Kevin held his hand out to Jane, who closed her eyes for a second before kicking off her own shoes, taking his hand and climbing up beside him. \"Hey, kids, shake it loose a lemon,\" Kevin began, singing the entirely wrong lyrics, just as they had that night. He mumbled some gibberish before yelling something about a feather. \"You're gonna hear a handsome music so the walrus sounds,\" Jane continued. \"Walrus sounds?\" Kevin asked, laughing. They continued to perform nearly the entire song and before Jane knew it, she had loosened up and was completely getting into it. Kevin had done it again. He had a knack for knowing just how to make her laugh and for getting her to act like a total buffoon in public, and she didn't care. She was learning to love doing it. Finally, Kevin jumped off the table, reached up, grabbed Jane's waist and pulled her back onto the ground as laughter and cheering came from the wedding guests. \"How did you even remember the right wrong words?\" Casey asked, appearing out of nowhere, tugging her hair out of the bun Jane had done before the ceremony. Even on her own wedding day, she had still worried about other people, even if it was her best friend. \"If that even makes sense,\" Casey continued. \"Weren't you two just a little bit wasted that night?\" she squinted and held two fingers about a centimeter apart. \"Oh, there were videos,\" Jane said, looking up at the ceiling and pursing her lips slightly. \"Made it onto YouTube,\" Kevin cheered, looking proud, unlike Jane. \"Jane lost it when she first found out.\" \"I did not,\" Jane insisted. \"I just thought it was a complete invasion of privacy-,\" \"We were out at a bar dancing on a table. It's not like someone filmed us through a window,\" Kevin argued. \"It doesn't matter,\" Jane said. \"Well, I'm just going to leave you two to playfully banter,\" Casey said, \"while I go get myself more champagne and go talk to that guy at the table in the corner.\" \"Behave yourself; that's my cousin!\" Jane yelled. \"I'm always on my best behavior,\" Casey said innocently before wandering off. \"So,\" Kevin smirked, taking Jane's hand and leading her towards the dance floor. She took a breath and smoothed out the skirt of her dress. \"So, what?\" she asked, looking up. \"So not bad for a twenty-eighth wedding, huh?\" he asked. Jane smiled. \"No, not bad at all.\" \"The best part is, your dress is stunning. It might be the best one yet. It's not vomit colored, there are no pom-poms, and best of all, it doesn't make me think that the circus came to town.\" Jane laughed. \"Oh, trust me, after what just happened, I think the circus has most definitely come to town.\" \"Why, because it was the greatest show on earth?\" Jane rolled her eyes. \"Oh, so now you're Barnum and Bailey.\" \"I'll be Barnum if you be Bailey.\" \"Ha ha,\" Jane laughed. \"Funny.\" \"You could have refused to get up there.\" \"No, I couldn't have.\" \"Yes, you could have.\" \"No, you would have made me feel guilty.\" \"I can't make you feel guilty. I can't make you feel anything.\" \"Yes, you can.\" \"No, I can't.\" Jane sighed and shook her head. \"And so it begins,\" she said with a laugh. A/N: Thanks for reading and don't forget to review! ","Summary":" It was almost all too familiar: the drinks, the song and the couple. But today, there were a few th"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Extended Ending to 27 Dresses","Author":"just trying it out","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10467491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The scene cuts out from Jane and Kevin's wedding and is set on a grey house with a white-picket fence. The scene then jumps inside and is positioned so that the audience is looking at one room of the house. The camera moves into the room, approaching a woman with her back to us. Typing sounds are coming from the computer as she is rapidly hitting the keys. The woman has blonde hair that is pulled back in a curly low pony-tail. The camera angle follows around her and lands on her face. It is Jane. She is typing away, obviously very focused on the task at hand. 'Shhhh, clank. Shhhh, clank. Shhhh clank.' The sounds of heals being shuffled around on a foot too small to fill them echoed in Jane's work space. Jane instantly stops what she is doing. \"Eh-hmmm. The bridesmaid, has entered,\" comes the voice of a little girl who is trying to be as professional as she can. Jane slowly spins around, a small smile beginning to show on her face. She turns to face a little girl dressed in a disaster of clothes. The little girl has hot, red heals on which are obviously too big. The grey hat that is sitting over her right eye had so much fur you'd think it came straight from the set of a black and white film. She wore a bright yellow scarf that dangled off her neck and touched the floor. The dress she wore was barely staying on. The right shoulder of the tie-dyed dress had found its way to the little girl's right bicep and the trail lagging behind her proved that the length of the dress was entirely too long. Jane started to laugh at the site of her. \"Excuse me, what is so funny mother?\" asked the little girl in the best authoritative and seemingly annoyed voice she could give. \"Oh nothing sweetheart.\" Jane straightened up in her seat before promptly explaining, \"Bella, you are the most beautiful bridesmaid I have ever seen!\" Jane was acting as if she were flattered by her presence. Just then, the front door opens. Kevin comes in with groceries but drops them instantly when he sees the little girl. \"Oh no, not again.\" Kevin says this with a face of shock and fear. \"Hey!\" Jane warns as she gives him a defensive, but challenging look. She wraps her arm around Bella and proudly says, \"You should be proud. She is just like her mother!\" She instantly smiles while looking down at Bella and starts laughing. Then everyone joins in. Jane picks up Bella and swings her around. Kevin picks up a camera and takes a picture. The picture pops up on the screen. It is of Jane twirling her daughter around in the miss-matched bridesmaids clothes. ","Summary":" The scene cuts out from Jane and Kevin's wedding and is set on a grey house with a white-picket fen"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"You Know What I Need","Author":"EffieHawkEye","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6661655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" I never do anything like this.\" \" I know.\" \" You do?\" \" Yes, I know. You kept repeating that over and over last night.\" You know, this is why I jumped on that yacht. I knew you were there, my heart knew that. I don't know when I started to love you. It happened. And I have never felt this way before. Before meeting you, I did not do anything like that: jumping on yatches, having sex in cars, dancing and singing in a bar... You changed me, Kevin. Or maybe, you just woke up the wild part of me. I was not looking for a Charming Prince, no. I was looking for someone... like you. You know everything about me, you know how to make me smile, and even how to make me cry. You are some kind of... miracle , for me. I was afraid of being alone. You don't understand this, because you are so... happy, and sunny. But I lost my mother when I was a child, my father was getting old and my sister lived in Italy with all her friends. I was not so happy, you know. But then you came and... rescued me? No, you woke me up. This is why I am walking towards you, on this beach, under this foggy sky. You know what I need. It's your love. ","Summary":" \" I never do anything like this.\" \" I know.\" \" You do?\" \" Yes, I know. You kept repeating th"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"The best marriage","Author":"s-jb123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6200027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The best marriage : Finally, I have done it, there is no turning back now. Jane thought to herself, feeling as happy as she could be. It was the day right after she got married to her beloved Kevin. She lay in bed. What else could she do after that perfect night? What else was there? She had been looking forward to doing one thing, and one thing only. She sat up with a sigh and a toothy smile on her face. She walked out of her room, suddenly realizing that Kevin was not next to her. \" Kevin? Kevin are you here?\" she shouted, but no answer came. She sat down on her chair, tears forming in her eyes. She should have known this would happen, men are only after one thing. A tear rolled down her cheek. \" Knock, knock\" said someone and there was Kevin, peeking his head through the door. Jane quickly wiped the tear away. \" I just went for a little walk, I would have taken you, but you were asleep.\" \" Oh, really? I- I didn't even… notice you were gone.\" Said Jane casually, feeling a little embarrassed. \" Uh… OK, would you like some coffee?\" Kevin asked, in a slow way. \" Oh, yes please.\" Kevin handed her the coffee and looked at her. He could just stare at her all day with his loving eyes. \" What? What are you staring at?\" said Jane with a smile, feeling very admired. \" Oh, nothing, only the beauty that is sitting in front of me.\" Nothing could have made Kevin happier. Jane smiled in a shy sort of way. \" Kevin, there is something I've been wanting to do ever since we got married yesterday\" \" Yes? What is it?\" Kevin looked a little worried, thinking it might be something she had wanted to buy, or take, or something like that. \" It's not a small request, it is definitely big!\" Kevin looked even more worried. \" A-and what is this huge request of yours?\" \" Just to have… the best marriage of my life\" Kevin laughed and leaned forward to kiss his wife. \" I would give you nothing but that\" he said, and gave her another light kiss on her forehead. ","Summary":" The best marriage : Finally, I have done it, there is no turning back now. Jane thought to herself,"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Accident","Author":"Dreamer-girl-akire-86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6192760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What would happen if on the night they got stuck the car kept going and hit the tree. Rules The car has to hit on Kevin's side (since had really kept going it would have). Jane can not be hurt too bad, no more then one day in the hospital. Kevin has to be unconscious at least once before any help arrives. Kevin has to be in the hospital for awhile (at least three days). It can include any other characters you want or it can just be Kevin and Jane. They still have to end up together. It completely up to you weather or not you have things follow the rest of the movie. I would like it to be a multi-chapter but it can be a one-shot if it's long. Ok well I think that's it so good luck. ","Summary":" What would happen if on the night they got stuck the car kept going and hit the tree. Rules The car"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"27 Dresses Season One","Author":"rui78901","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5905846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 27 dresses Season 1 Pilot 20/1/10 Viewers: 1 million Ch: ABC Jane is in Barneys buying a dress for her interview. She has got an interview at Parson's Account's agency. She is outside the door wearing a silk Burry berry Mac and a black YSL coat. She walks in and sits down. Jon parson turns around. Hi, well, can I have your resume please. Yes, Jane gives john her resume. Across the street Kasey is at star bucks waiting on Jane. Jane walks out of parson's publication and over to Kasey, who has got a coffee for her. Hi so how did the interview go, did you get it? Yes I did and guess what: I'm john Parson's P.A! What? I thought you wanted to be an account? I do but this has more money and now since Kevin lost his job at the New York review, we need the money. But why does he not just get another job? I know but he's looking. Tess and gorge are in the Caribbean and his magazine is on the verge of cancellation plus you need to get a JOB! I have got one at Elle magazine. Elle what? Yes Elle I start tomorrow! Tess is in the Caribbean hotel and George is at the bar waiting on her. She answers her phone, hello and a man is on the other side, hi baby so when are you coming back? Well after me and George come home I'll meet you there ok by... ","Summary":" 27 dresses Season 1 Pilot 20/1/10 Viewers: 1 million Ch: ABC Jane is in Barneys buying a dress for "},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Fools In Love Come In Pairs","Author":"of self","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7441671","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n – I'm never short of imagining scenes between these two. Disclaimer : I will not state the obvious here. That I'm poor and cannot even afford one of those ugly bridesmaid dresses let alone ownership of an entire fucking movie. Yeah, I just stated it. : Fools In Love Come In Pairs. : Kevin never knows why he joins her on these masochistic endeavors of hers. You get the drift right? The ones where she tries on the wedding dress for her spoilt brat of a sister who's marrying the love of Jane's life. The ones where said spoilt brat of a sister shows how much of a spoilt brat she is and demands that Jane better get those ' damn lilies' because nothing but pure white virginal flowers will do for the girl who was obviously born in the deepest pits of hell. (Jane half-heartedly protests this conclusion but he's pretty sure he'll win her over. Half way through trying on ugly bridesmaid dresses and Jane will hop over to the side of all that is good and bright.) Seriously, is he a masochist though? Some part of his conscious agrees and come to think of it, masochist tendencies have to be the only explanation for why he's head over heels, crazy in love with a born masochist who has spent a lifetime putting other's needs before her own. On one such endeavor or rather suicide mission (seriously, she needs to get her head examined like now) where she's tasting the dinner courses for the reception, he asks her a question which unknowingly spawns repercussions or some shit like that. (He'd like to have you know, at that point of time, he was undergoing some serious trauma to a fist shaped blood pumping mass of muscle that seemed like a frivolous addition to the anatomy) \"Obviously, you hate your sister's guts. Yet why sit here and go through the motions with an actual goddamn honest to goodness smile pasted on your face?\" The smile that slides across her face at his strained outburst veers between mildly amused to slightly cautious. \"Because, even though I hate her guts, she's my little sister and you should know by now, I kind of can't seem say no to her.\" This time, another smile skitters across her face, woven with a multitude of emotions – anger, fondness, resignation, defeat and love. That smile sours his mood and makes him feel like he regurgitated something bitter. They call that jealousy, he realizes much later. The monster possesses him and voices what he cannot subdue but has been striving to do so. \"Why do you care for all the wrong people? Why not the ones who deserve it?\" \"I don't care for all the wrong ones. I care for the ones who matter. No matter how much of a bitch my sister is, she's still my sister. And as much as I hate it, I love her .\" In an uncharacteristic burst of emotion, the volcano inside his heart explodes. \"Don't I deserve it? Don't I matter?\" His voice is petulant and angry cause – is she really that blind? Can't she see that he's crazy about her and will love her and adore her and appreciate her more than her stupid lunkhead of a boss ever will? \"Why would I?\" She scoffs instantly but the look on his face, like he's been repeatedly punched in the gut brings her to a dead halt. \"Kevin? Is there something I need to know?\" He pulls his sarcastic armor back on quick. \"Nothing. Was pulling your leg. Got you, didn't I?\" He laughs. And it sounds like his normal laugh. Sarcastic and with just enough bite to cover the hurt that blindsides him. Jane looks at him with worried apprehension, like something is tightening inside of her heart but he does not allow her to peer beyond the surface veneer of his emotions. His head arbitrarily decides that he is wasting his time on her. Obviously, she will never love him like she loves that oblivious dunderhead. However, Jane does notice. Jane notices the pain of someone pining for a person who is yet to see them and all that they have to give. And instinctively, her heart wells and connects with that pain even though it goes away before it can even register it properly. Things go back to normal, but there is an undercurrent of something that Kevin refuses to acknowledge and that Jane can't quite put her finger on. Later that day, when they part ways, Jane gives Kevin a hug and her arms linger around him a little longer than necessary. In turn, Kevin's head shifts into the crook of her neck, inhaling the scent of roses and being filled by an unimaginable yearning that he can't quite comprehend. The moment lingers much too long, and when they finally separate, they can't quite face each and just like that, goodbyes are said and done. Unsaid words however still hang in the air. Later that night, Kevin thinks back and realizes, that, shit – he and Jane aren't that much different from each other. At least not as far as one aspect is concerned. Two fools in love is what Kevin bitterly chuckles to himself. ","Summary":" a/n – I'm never short of imagining scenes between these two. Disclaimer : I will not state the obvi"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Bennie And The Jets","Author":"crimsonandcloveroverandover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6833571","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jane flicked through the large collection of CDs that occupied the living-room shelves. She busied herself quietly, re-alphabetising the collection. Jane smiled fondly as she picked up Elton John's 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road' album her eyes scanned over the track-list: 'Funeral For A Friend', 'Candle In The Wind', 'Bennie And The Jets'… 'Bennie And The Jets'. There was something about hearing that song that still caused her heart to beat faster than normal. It had started in a bar. The car wasn't going anywhere. The phone in the bar had been dead. There had been no cell-reception. They weren't getting a tow. It had been pouring. She was drenched. Her hair had plastered itself to her face, her clothes clinging to her body, she dropped her soaked cardigan unceremoniously onto the back of the bar-stool she had claimed. Kevin had stripped of his jacket and tossed in the same fashion as she had, onto his own bar-stool beside hers. There had been alcohol, laughter, a jukebox and that song. She was adamant that he was the one who had started the singing. He insisted that she had started the dancing. Although she was pretty sure that dancing on the top of the actual bar had been his brilliant idea. She wasn't complaining. It had been a long time since she had laughed like that. Or felt that free. The atmosphere in the bar had been electric. She'd half-climbed, half-staggered down from the bar, still laughing. He laughed as he caught her. His eyes met hers. He'd cried at the Keller wedding. She'd stared into his eyes. His eyes . There was something about the way Kevin's eyes had pierced hers. It was like he could see right down, deep into her soul. The need to have him closer to her was overwhelming. She'd pressed her lips to his. His hands tightened around her waist as he pulled her closer. He kissed her enthusiastically, deeply, passionately. Kevin kissed her as though he'd been wanting to; since the first time they'd met. She couldn't think. The bar had disappeared. Nothing else existed. Only Kevin. They'd raced to the car. Hand in hand, through the pouring rain. Soaking wet and laughing, they'd collapsed into the back-seat. Pantingly, longingly, teasingly; layers of clothing were peeled away. Their lips met, again and again. Their hands explored each other. She told him that she 'Never did this…' and kissed him harder, completely undeterred. She pressed her body against his, pulling him closer. Their limbs tangled. Their bodies entwined. Their eyes met, burning into each other. They clung to each other desperately. Their bodies moved together rhythmically. They reached their breaking points together. The rain pounded on the windscreen as she snuggled into Kevin's bare chest. She could hear his heartbeat drumming in unison with her own. His strong arms wound themselves around her. Pulling her closer. His hand in her hair. She felt complete. There was no need for words. Just the rhythm of their breathing. She had woken with a start as Kevin had opened the passenger side door. His arms laden with fresh coffees. She'd felt self-conscious as she pulled his jacket around her shoulders. Accepting the coffee gratefully she smiled nervously up at him. Had he felt it too? His eyes met hers, and she knew that he had. Grabbing her hand, he helped her climb out of the car. He brushed a strand of hair out of her eyes, tucking it behind her ear. She smiled, leaning into his hand. Kevin grinned, taking her hand and leading her towards the diner they had passed in the rain, the previous night. Hand in hand; they had entered the diner. It was over breakfast when she had discovered the article. She wasn't sure what had hurt more; the fact that he had used her in order to get ahead in his career, how hurt Tess had been or the fact that her own feelings had betrayed her. They'd made her want to trust him, made her want him, made her need him. Things had gone downhill from there. Everytime he had left messages, her heart had panged with emptiness - the kind of emptiness that could have been completely reversed - by him. Just him. Kevin had witnessed the Engagement Party Fiasco. He'd turned up for her . Because he thought that she may have needed him. They had argued on the sidewalk. He had told her that he thought she was amazing. He had told her that he thought, that she deserved more than what she had settled for. He thought that she deserved to be taken care of. And as he spoke to her, she felt herself wanting. Wanting him to take her into his arms. To just hold her. Close to him. Then just when she thought that he had walked away forever, he'd returned. Handing her a brand-new Blackberry – a small pink bow taped to screen. It was a gift. 'Perfect for starting over…' he had said with a small smile. If she had been missing him before – it was nothing to how she had felt then: Standing before him. Wanting him as much as she ever had. Feeling hollow as he walked away without looking back. She and Tess had made it up. Talked it out and eventually hugged it out. Somehow even that couldn't erase Kevin from her mind. Standing alone at her bathroom sink, her mind had begun to wander: what was Kevin doing? Where was he? She remembered the day he had interviewed her. The day she had shown him the bridesmaid dresses. She glanced at the bulging closet, put down her toothbrush and pulled open the doors. It hadn't taken as long as she had expected it to. She had pulled every dress out of the closet – throwing them onto the floor. She organised each dress and their respective accessories into multiple trash-bags. Feeling quietly satisfied with her determination and decisiveness she stared into the now empty closet with a grin. Her then-boss, George; had called her into work. He had needed a favour. She had agreed – of course. And then she had quit. After blurting out that she had had a crazy-crush on him, George had kissed her. She had felt nothing. No hint of the feelings that she had previously had for him. She shook her head. 'That's not what it's supposed to feel like… When you're with the person you're meant to be with, it should feel like – ' Her Blackberry's ring-tone cut her off. It should feel like this . Kevin . She thought to herself as 'Bennie And The Jets' blared from within her clutch-purse. It made her heart ache as it thumped in her throat. She had turned on her heel and left. She had headed to the New York Journal, determined. Finally, completely certain of what she wanted. She had asked for Kevin at the Journal, Trent and his co-workers had handed her directions to where he had been covering his last wedding. She hailed a taxi excitedly, Pier Seventeen. Kevin was at Pier Seventeen . As the cab reached the Pier, she ran. Her heels clicked on the concrete as she sprinted towards the departing cruiser. She leapt off the dock without a second thought. It was a miracle that she landed safely on the boat – only slightly tripping down the small set of stairs that interrupted her smooth landing. The bride had recognised her from Kevin's article. Freakin' article . She thought, embarrassed. Obviously the bride had wanted to know why she had jumped aboard her and her husband's reception. She began explaining it quickly, when the bride ushered her up on the stage, handing her a microphone and urging her to say what she had come to say to Kevin – in front of the entire reception crowd. She had spotted him in the crowd – that was when the butterflies had kicked in. She had laughed nervously as she met his eye. The bubbly, blonde bride insisted that she tell him how she felt. And she did. 'Kevin, I've been waiting my whole life for the right guy to come along… And then you showed up. And you're nothing like the man I imagined: you're cynical and cranky and impossible. But the truth is; fighting with you, was the best thing that's ever happened to me. And I think there's a very good chance that I'm falling in love with you… So… That's it. That's all I had to say, so I'll just… Go, now…' she finished uncomfortably, making her way off the stage and into the crowd. She walked awkwardly through the parting crowd. Kevin had intercepted her. Face to face, she was unsure of what to say to him. He pulled her towards him. Pressing his lips hungrily to hers. The applauding crowd disappeared as Kevin filled her senses. She wrapped her arms around him. Her fingers in his hair. He pulled away gently, wrapping his arms around her body tightly; he buried his face in her hair. She leant into his embrace. Chest to chest, heart to heart, they hugged. As the reception crowd resumed celebrating the bride and groom, Kevin pulled her towards an isolated corner of the cruiser. She kissed him desperately. He returned the gesture enthusiastically. She wound her arms around him. Her fingers clawed at his jacket, gripping it tightly as her body moulded into his. Their tongues danced together. There were no spaces between them. She felt as though she was on fire. Ignited completely by him. The hollow, empty feeling she had been feeling had disappeared. She was now filled with butterflies and a kind of satisfying warmth that spread from her toes to her fingertips. They finally broke apart. Forehead to forehead. 'I missed you.' She whispered her eyes closed. She felt him nod. 'I missed you too.' She looked into his smouldering blue eyes. He grinned. That grin . She felt her knees go a little weak. Kevin pressed his lips gently to hers once more. She pulled away, biting her lower lip, her eyes remained closed. 'I could live off of that.' She said softly. He gave her a mischievous smile. 'You wanna get out of here?' 'Yeah,' she laughed. 'But – you do remember that we're on a boat right?' Kevin grimaced. She giggled at his look of exasperation. Before he could say anything, the MC announced that the time had arrived for the bride and groom's first dance. She grabbed Kevin's hand and led him out into the crowd. The reception continued at a snail's pace. They mingled, separately and together. The space between them was like an electrical current. Even on opposite sides of the crowd, their eyes had met like magnets. Their bodies gravitating towards each other. Until they were side by side once again. Hand in hand. And when they danced, the crowd faded away. Finally, the cruiser neared the dock. Kevin gripped her hand as they had edged their way through the crowd towards the end of the pier. She had felt a surge of nerves course through her body as the cruiser docked. Was he as nervous as her? He hailed a cab. Winking at her quickly. She bit her lip. It was quiet in the cab. She was too excited to look at him. She was afraid that if she did, the urge to kiss him until neither of them could think, would overwhelm her. The cab slowed in front of her apartment building. She had barely shut the door of her apartment behind her when he had kissed her. Up against it. They were smiling, spinning, stripping, and stumbling towards her bedroom. Hearts racing, longing. They collapsed onto her bed in a soft sea of grey and white pillows and blankets. Their lips collided. Their hands pressed together. Their fingers entwined. Their limbs tangled together. She clung to him. Gripping his shoulder-blades. His hands re-acquainted themselves with her body. Exploring, caressing. He smiled into her neck as he scattered small kisses across her collarbone. Her fingers threaded through his hair as she drew him closer. Their bodies moulded together for what seemed like an eternity of ecstasy. She had awoken to a blindingly bright display of sunlight that shone through the window, splashing rays of light across the vacant pillow beside her. She sat up quickly. 'Kevin?' She called out uncertainly, silently hoping that the previous night hadn't been a hallucination. It wasn't. He wandered through the bedroom door in nothing but his pale blue boxers. A steaming mug of coffee in each hand. She smiled. 'Hey.' 'Hi.' He answered. Kissing her softly. He balanced her coffee gently on the small table beside her bed, before sliding in beside her. He propped himself up on his elbow as she sunk back into the pillowy folds of blankets and warmth. She trailed her fingertips across his bare chest. Giving him goose-bumps. 'You should call in sick today.' He suggested with a smirk, lightly kissing her shoulder. 'It's Sunday. I think. And, I quit my job.' She said sipping her coffee. Kevin choked on his. 'What?' 'Yeah, yesterday. I emptied the closet. I threw all the dresses away – ' 'Wait, even 'L.A'?' 'Yes, even 'L.A'.' She laughed. He pulled a face. 'Have you spoken to Tess yet?' He asked, his eyes searching her face. She smiled, nodding. 'We're good. Better than good. I apologized – about everything.' She sighed. 'And, we talked and I think we're going to be okay.' He grinned at her, brushing a lock of honey coloured hair away from her face. He kissed her fingertips gently. He told he was glad that she was okay. Her heart thumped loudly within her chest as she smiled into his mouth. She snuggled closer. Her body pressed against his as they immersed themselves once again into their pillowy sea. They'd stayed in that day. Laughing, kissing, hugging, talking, confessing, touching and loving. When her alarm bleeped loudly the next morning, she'd never hated it more. He'd had to go into work. He was moving to a new department. No more 'Commitments-Section'. He had wanted to call in sick. He'd thought he had a temperature. She'd laughed. Wrapped her arms around him, kissed his lips and gently pushed him out the door. She leant against the door after she closed it behind him. She bit her lip. She jumped as the inter-com beside her buzzed. 'Hello?' 'Hey.' His voice had made her smile. 'Hi.' 'Ok, so uh… I was wondering if you wanted to have dinner with me tonight?' 'Yeah.' She nodded. 'Great. Uh, I'll pick you up at eight…' 'Ok. Can't wait…' She replied shyly. 'Neither… Ok, I've gotta run. I'll see you tonight.' 'Ok… Bye.' She said quickly. Her stomach had been in knots for the duration of the day. She was excited. She was nervous. She couldn't wait. She couldn't wait to see him, to talk to him, to kiss him. Just to be near him… It was the best first-date she'd ever been on. He had knocked on her door at seven-fifty-nine. He was nervous. He was excited. He greatly approved of her strapless-royal-blue-cocktail-dress. They'd had dinner in a quiet quirky little restaurant – with small, cosy tables, dimmed-lights and shelves of vinyl. They'd laughed. They'd talked. Completely at ease with each other. Their nerves had disappeared… The fresh pot of coffee steamed on the table as the hostess changed the record. The opening bars told them exactly what song she had picked. The corners of Kevin's lips twitched. He grinned at her. She rolled her eyes. Giggling, she bit her bottom lip as she grinned back. He pulled her to her feet, took her hands in his. And in the dim-light of the practically empty restaurant, laughingly singing along to their song – they danced… Jane smiled to herself as she placed the album quietly back in its rightful place. She bit her lip and adjusted her red-cardigan. Looking over her shoulder, she smiled and sighed contentedly, taking in the sight of Kevin; flat on his back, in his favourite grey t-shirt, asleep on the couch – their pale-blue-jumpsuit-clad infant, lying on his chest. ","Summary":" Jane flicked through the large collection of CDs that occupied the living-room shelves. She busied "},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Panic","Author":"El loopy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5360725","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Panic She walks towards him across the floor, heart beating wildly in her chest, mood swinging erratically, from happy to nervous to excited. She kept her eyes fixed firmly on him as she weaved her way through the crowd. As she watched, as she drew closer, he turned his head and gazed across the room. A chill crept into her stomach as she followed his eyes. She saw her sister, looking her radiant, beautiful self, and she saw the way he was staring at her so intently. The dread struck her hard in her stomach. Panic strangled her. He couldn't…she couldn't…it was her imagination. She told herself that she was just being paranoid, but her instincts knew better. Her stomach muscles clenched. Oh crap she felt sick, really sick. She couldn't breathe. Her head felt weird and she wanted to bolt into a bathroom. Yet still her legs carried her forward, still denial whispered sweet nothings in her ear. George hadn't done anything. He was still single. He wasn't going to do anything either, not with her sister…not with… She was next to them. She spoke. They seemed unaware of the forced tone, unaware of the light-headedness, suffocating panic and tense everything. She wanted to burst into tears. She wanted to scream. She wanted to run. Nevertheless she was forced to stand frozen, unable to prevent everything unfolding in front of her eyes, like some trapped bystander seeing their worst nightmare occur and unable to look away because of the sheer shock. When they walked away together…that was when the wound sliced deep into her and she felt herself slowly start to leak away. The pain was dull and unreachable. She couldn't smother it or heal it because it was too deep to reach. The wound gaped and leered and mocked her. She could not ignore it because it refused to let her forget it was there. Not a moment passed without the realisation, or the memory, slipping across her mind and then a fresh wave of panic would envelop her, and she bent over double with a groan, wishing that her stomach ache would relax. Sleep eluded her because she wouldn't stop thinking, imagining the two of them, replaying the evening, or her life with George up till that point and how it was all going to change. So instead she waited for news, cleaned something to keep herself busy. Not knowing was killing her, but knowing the truth could possibly hurt more. So commenced her life of pain for the next few months, a life full of jealous twinges, panicked glances at private telephone calls and sickened looks at the passionate kisses. At least they still hardly knew each other though. She still had time. It wasn't as though they were going to get married yet. That was one small blessing she could count, that she wouldn't have to be bridesmaid to that particular union for a very, very long time. ","Summary":" Panic She walks towards him across the floor, heart beating wildly in her chest, mood swinging erra"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"My Number One Fan","Author":"NovaSkye","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5739299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 27 Dresses: My Number One Fan By: the Silent Ice Dancer Disclaimer: I do not own 27 Dresses. \"Jane?\" I looked around the apartment for my wife, while trying to find a safe way around the mountains of boxes and bags strewn across the floor. It would have been so much easier if I had just moved in here, only a woman could possibly have this much stuff. I went into her bedroom to see if she was in there, but it was empty, except for a bed and some spare furniture we wouldn't need in our new place. I sat on the bed, exhausted from hours of arduous work. I felt like I had been here since the break of dawn helping Jane pack-up everything. I sighed, \"Where could she have possibly gone?\" My eyes traveled around the empty room and I found a leather-bound note book sitting on the bedside table. Curious, I picked it up and opened it to find something I hadn't expected. I smiled brightly as I looked at the contents of the notebook, \"That's right my number one fan.\" It was filled with newspaper articles, each one carefully placed in a plastic sheet protector. And there at the bottom of every article was my name, Malcolm. Upon further examination I saw comments and notes scribbled in the margins and some things were even underlined and circled. The poor newspapers look like they had been through quite a battle, with pens, pencils, highlighters, and one overemotional woman. I laughed to myself, some people might have found this slightly creepy… It was more so sweet and flattering, and of course, very very funny. Who knew my writing had that big of an impact on her. I knew that she like my writing, really liked it, but it was different actually seeing this compilation she made of my older work. One page caught my attention as I flipped through the book's contents. It was one of my later articles, the one I wrote right before I met Jane I think. There were dashes and big 'X's all over the page. At the bottom, the word \"LIAR!\" was written in big red letters, with an arrow pointed to my name, which by the way had been furiously hashed out. There were profanities and cruel messages written all over the page; it was thoroughly amusing. Some where in the mess of red she wrote, \"The nerve, 'the spinning crap one' MY ASS!\" That reminded me of the time when we were in the bakery and she found out that I was her favorite writer. She was so embarrassed and flustered; I can still remember that expression she gave. I shook my head of the fond memories and continued to look through the other pages. I found one article that didn't have any of her writing on it. I pulled this one out wondering why this page remained untouched (as in it didn't look like it had been through hell and back). In just the parts I skimmed, I couldn't help but notice how sappy this was. I neared the end and saw that in some spots the paper was slightly wrinkled and the words were smudged, almost like little drops of water fell onto the page. [1] I slid it back in the sheet protector and closed the book, setting it back on the table. I was still smiling, although not just because of entertainment anymore. \"Kevin?\" I heard Jane's voice from in the living room. I laid back on the bed and closed my eyes. \"In here,\" I nonchalantly called back. When she walked into the room I sat up as if I had just woken up from a nap and yawned loudly. \"Hey, you're suppose to be working.\" She put her hands on her hips, \"What are you doing in here anyway?\" \"Ehh nothing.\" I looked over towards Jane and just stared at her in adoration. I couldn't help but think about how she was the best thing that had ever happened in my life. She was perfect; anything and everything I could ever hope for. She gave me a funny look in return, but only said, \"Come on, lets go and get something to eat.\" \"Now that's what I'm talkin' about!\" ! ! ! ! If you would, please leave a review so I know what you guys thought and how I can improve my writing. Hopefully it wasn't too stupid. XD [1] Tear drops ","Summary":" 27 Dresses: My Number One Fan By: the Silent Ice Dancer Disclaimer: I do not own 27 Dresses. \"Jane"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Surprises","Author":"enigmz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5249144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SURPRISES Jane worked asnassistant to the rich, arrogant Kevin doyle at the news agency whonhappened to dislike her from the very first day she started work. Thenimmediate hatred he had developed for her had made life tideous fornher…she worked around office so that she could keep everything innorder but her boss never seemed to notice any of her efforts. Maybenshe was tryin extra hard to get her work appreciated, but he seemednoblivious to anything but his stupid blackberry! Kevin's blackberrynbeeped loud to interrupt her thoughts, he motioned her to leave hisnoffice at once… it was one of the \"VERY\" important calls he hadnto take. Arrgh… she fumed… just when she had corrected the entirendocument he had asked her to leave the desk… she couldn't be surenif that computer would stil be on when she got back. Her boss lovedngiving her extra work just when she had completed the previous load!!nTha man had issues…SERIOUS issues if she had to be precise. She made her way to thenreception, sally was the only sane person in the office she couldntalk to. \"coffee sal?\" shenasked \"oh no…. have younbeen kicked out?? Again???\" she asked, she was trying hard not tonlaugh which was a very feeble attempt. After getting a grip ofnherself she continued \" its weird you know.. it was never necessarynfor you shift you desk in his room and now that you have.. he kicksnyou out asut every chance he gets.\" She gazed on the floor to thinknbetter (weird but according her…the gazing part always helped) likenthis was some very interesting Sherlock holmes mystery. I pulled her to thencoffee machine… I needed something strong set my mind on tracknagain. Right when we sat down to drink Kevin walked in… \"having a littlenchitchat here… are we??\" he asked in a dry tone \"well… Inguess you will have to break your little party. I want thosendocuments I had asked you to get an hour back. NOW\" with that henturned and walked away. Jane stared at thenplace where he had been jus 2minutes earlier… what was this guy'sn problem??!! And the first thought that occurred to her was thatnmaybe he suffered from MPD. Lord knew this man was soooo not normal.nShe quickly made her way to the office to print the documents. By the time she packednher bag..almost everyone in the office had left except ofcoursen doyle who claimed to be a workaholic. It was late…shenrealized, really late …if she din't hurry up she would miss thenlast train. She almost ran over to the elevator as the doors werenclosing… wow she thought…I do have luck!! She enetered…pressednfor basement and waited patiently for the door to slid shut. Justnthen someone blocked it and doors moved backed to render the liftnopen and there stood Kevin doyle high and mighty to enter the lift.nMaybe she had spoken too soon about her luck!!! He entered and smilednat her which surprised her… no wait surprise might not be the word,nshocked, she thought, I'm completely shocked… did he just smilenat me??!! I knew this man had serious issues…gawd I just hope he'snno psychopath on loose who would – \" Jane???!!! Are younokay???\" Kevin asked noting the expression she had. \"ummm…yaaa. Yaa 'mnfine thank you\" she answered as politely as she could. \"Good!!\" was all hensaid. At that moment 2 thingsnhappened…the lift jerked and stopped, and the jerking action madenhis blackberry slip and crash down onto the lift floor!! ","Summary":" SURPRISES Jane worked asnassistant to the rich, arrogant Kevin doyle at the news agency whonhappene"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Let Your Guard Down","Author":"Cage The Elephant In The Room","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5243330","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything affiliated with 27 Dresses. A/N: Lately I've been having this obession with re-writing scenes. From movies. From TV. From books. There are just...things...that I wish had happened differently. And you know what I'm talking about! You hit your head because you're screaming at the screen, \"HOW CAN YOU BE SO STUPID!?\" ;) Anyhow, this was just a little something that I enjoyed and wanted to share. Hopefully you like. Or not. Heh. -- \"Oh, dear God. Are those...?\" Jane's eyes widened when she realized just what Kevin was looking at. The closet. The closet full of every single horrid, horrid dress she'd stepped into to make some wacky bride happy. Every single humiliating piece of lace and cotton and silk hid just behind those two doors. And she'd be damned if she let him see them. Nervously, she trailed behind him, prepared to break into a sprint if he took another step. \"No. It's nothing, really.\" He gave her a dubious look. \"Jane...\" He crept closer to the doors and she hastily slipped in front of him. Throwing her body across the two doors, she was able to shield the dresses from view. \"This,\" she said pointedly, \"is none of your business!\" He raised his eyebrows and pulled her away from the doors without much force. He opened the doors slowly and his jaw nearly connected with the floor at the sight. \"It's like the mothership of humiliation.\" She hit the back of her head and crossed her arms. \"Hey! They are (not) that bad.\" \"Right. I'd like to see one that is not (that) bad.\" \"Well...\" She bit her lip and randomly grabbed a bright yellow one. \"Look. This one is just...I mean...okay it's not very good, but I have seen some amazing moments in these dresses. So what if I they're not excessively flattering? When it's my turn,\" she said, her eyes focusing on a random spot behind Kevin, \"I'll be the one wearing the pretty dress. It'll be my day.\" She paused. \"Look, you obviously just don't get it.\" As she turned away, heading towards her sofa, he frowned. \"What's not to get?\" \"You're just so...you're such a cynic. You think marriage is a scam, you think this,\" she pointed to her closet, \"is ridiculous. You just don't get it.\" \"I get it. You want the whole she-bang. You want the forever-and-evers and the perfect guy. (The one.) You want a marriage.\" He plopped down across from her. \"What I don't get is...why in the hell are you focusing on everyone else's Kodak moment? How do you expect to find Mr. Right if you're too busy making sure everyone else is happy?\" She blinked. \"That's not -that's not true.\" \"Sure it is. You're a people-pleaser. And I get it, really I do. But c'mon Jane...you can't tell me that you're really happy planning Tess's wedding. It's got to be killing you, watching your younger sister get married before you.\" Jane bit her lip, sighing. It was as if he had hit the nail on the head. And she hated the fact that someone she could hardly stand was able to read her so well. After years of building up walls to protect her heart, to keep herself from getting hurt, here sat a man who possessed the ability to worm his way past. He smiled softly. \"Maybe you should let your guard down a little. Trust me, Jane. Every guy from Heaven to Hell would be a fool not to see how...absolutely amazing you are.\" \"What?\" She stared at him, lost. \"What did you just say?\" \"You need to let your guard down...\" \"No. After that.\" \"You, Jane, are amazing.\" She laughed, wiping the tear that had pooled out of her right eye delicately. \"I hate you so much, you know that?\" He smiled back, getting up to kiss her cheek lightly. He brushed her hair back and looked her in the eyes, not realizing that her heart was beating just as fast as his was. Finding her fingers, he intertwined them with his own. He squeezed and quietly, so quietly that she could hardly hear him, he said, \"No, you don't.\" She closed her eyes and squeezed back. \"No. I don't.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything affiliated with 27 Dresses. A/N: Lately I've been having this obes"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Dissing Dresses","Author":"RealSellyMunroe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5310247","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The two girls who were in the dress vault were nothing more than aquaintances. rnActually, they weren't even that. They were enemies. Miranda, a gorgeous brunette rnwith golden brown skin, deep chocolate brown eyes, brown, silky hair, and a rnbeautiful height, was in the middle of making a silver ball gown. Everytime she rntouched that dress, she had a delicate touch to it. Fiona, a beautiful petite dirty-blond rnwho has an athletic body that worked well with her curves, pale, beautiful skin, andrna sea blue green color eyes, was working on the accessories for her own creation; a pale purple strapless party dress. She always believed that accessories made the rnoutfit what it was supposed to be. \"You know,\" Miranda said, breaking an awkward rnsilence between them, \"The dress you are designing is beautiful.\" Fiona's eyes sparkled rnat the comment. With her index finger, she flipped a strand of her hair back. \"Why rnthankyou. It took a lot of work. I had to try it on many times.\" she replied, proudly. rnMiranda smirked slightly. \"I saw you in the dress, like I said the dress was beautiful. rnI never said you in it made it any better.\" Fiona frowned. Miranda knew how self- cautious she was about her body. \"I should say the same for you.\" Fiona said quickly, to hide how dull she was feeling at the momment, \"You're a little too tall to actuallyrnfit in your dress. I bet it comes up to you calves.\" She smirked back at her and wentrnback to her work. \"I may be tall, but atleast it works for Marcus.\" Miranda snappedrnat her. Fiona paled at the comment. Marcus had been her boyfriend for 2 years. One night when they went to a romantic dinner, she thought that he will finallyrnsay her 3 favorite words, \"I love you.\" But instead, he broke up with her and movedrnon to Miranda. \"You don't know anything about Marcus!\" Fiona yelled at her. Miranda stayed calm but her eyes were burning with fury. \"Maybe,\" she said, simply, \"But I do know that he really went for backstabbers before he met me.\" Miranda cocked her head to the side. \"Bring back any memmories Fiona?\" Of course it did but she didn't want to be reminded. \"You're right about one thing, he did went for backstabbers. But he still did when he asked you out.\" she repliedrnthrough her teeth. Miranda's jaw clenched. Fiona always knew one thing aboutrnMiranda. Once she tightens up in any part of her body, it's a sign to run awayrnand hide. But Fiona didn't want to seem like a chicken. She stood up to Mirandarnand had her head held high. Even if her head was telling her to back down. Miranda hated to admit it, but she was impressed with Fiona's courage. No onernhas ever done it before. When she peered into Fiona's eyes, she saw nothing butrnfear. She just had to smile at that. \"You seriously think that I will hit you?\" shernasked, amused. Fiona didn't respond and looked down at her Jimmy Choo heels. \"Fiona, I know you still like Marcus. But let's face it, he's better off without you. Or maybe I should say that you're better off without him. He was just a waste ofrnyour time and you know it. You just don't want to admit it.\" she said, walking towardsrnthe door. \"By the way, nice shoes. But it would totally look better on me.\" And rnwith that, she left the dress vault. Fiona stared at the door for a while. She thoughtrnabout what Miranda said about Marcus being a waste of her time. She was shockedrnthat it had came out of her enemy's mouth. And even worse, it had came out herrnold bestfriend's mouth. ","Summary":" The two girls who were in the dress vault were nothing more than aquaintances. rnActually, they wer"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"27 Cell Phones","Author":"my untold fairy-tale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5047771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I started thisnfic when I had to go phone shopping with my mom. I wrote the firstnpart over a year ago and never finished it. I thought I'd do thatnand post it. It's my first try at a 27 Dresses story so feedbacknwould be greatly appreciated. Disclaimer: I don'tnown the characters. However I do own a cell phone, which is excellentnfor taking fan fiction notes on. 27 CellnPhones Jane and Kevin Doylenhad been married for a year and it seemed that Jane's unendingnschedule had actually killed the hand held he had given her. As anresult she had decided to go back to her filofax and resort to a morenbasic cell phone. That decision is what brought the pair to theirncurrent location. A relatively small cell phone store a short walknfrom their apartment. Kevin had given up on following his wife aroundnthe store and had looked at every possible entertaining gadget. Henhad finally come to rest in one of the uncomfortable chairs that, henconcluded, had been set out for that exact purpose. They shouldnhave a reserved sign above this area reading \"for spouses of thenindecisive only\" he thought watching Jane move back and forthnacross the store. \"Ok, which one?\"nJane asked holding up two nearly identical phones. \"You've got to benkidding me.\" Kevin rolled his head back, increasingly bored, \"Jane,nit's a cell phone. People have decided to go to war in less timenthan this.\" \"Don't be sondramatic. We haven't been here that long.\" Jane replied rollingnher eyes at him. \"Oh yeah?\" He leaptnup from his seat he had been occupying for the past ten minutes. \"Andnhere I thought I had made such progress,\" he said back towards hernas he approached a man in a tie with a clipboard who was standing bynthe front door. \"Shut up Kevin.\"nShe told him playfully glaring at her impatient husband. He onlynlaughed. \"Excuse me sir,\" henexclaimed, \"Do you happen to the time when we came in here? Mynlovely wife and I?\" He glanced over and winked at Jane. He saidn'wife' proudly. He may have been frustrated and bored but henloved her and wouldn't change her for the world. \"Yes,\" the mannsaid, consulting his clipboard, \"You came in at 10:15\" \"Thank you,\" Kevinntold him and turned back towards his wife, who was still staring atnthe two phones, \"It's official Jane. The Titanic sank in lessntime than you are taking to choose a new phone.\" \"You're notnserious,\" she said doubtfully. \"Oh, but I am. Younsee, there has got to be a better way of going through these phones.\" \"Ok, if you thinknit's so easy why don't you do it?\" she challengednsarcastically. \"Fine, piece of cake.nWe'll use the process of elimination.\" Kevin said, walking acrossnto the corner of the store, Jane followed suspiciously. \"Firstnthings first, what specifications do you have for your phone?\" \"Well the basics:ncalling , texting,\" she listed off. \"How about a camera?\" \"Sure.\" \"Video?\" Jane nodded. \"Of course it needsnto be bridesmaid proof and impervious to over planning.\" \"That is what mynsuperior filofax is for,\" she pointed out. \"That's what younthink. But some phones can only handle so many conversations aboutncakes, taffeta, and candy almonds,\" he joked. One by one the couplenworked their way around the store defining what kind of features shenwanted as well as the size and color of the phone. Eventually theynmade it all the way around the store until there was only one phonenleft. \"I give you… drumnroll please… your perfect phone,\" Kevin said dramaticallynstepping out from in front of the last phone. Jane picked it up andnlooked it over, appraising it. After a moment she smiled, looked upnat him and nodded. He pumped his fists in the air. \"Yes! Victory!\" Jane laughed lightlynbefore rolling her eyes and walking over to the counter to find annemployee. \"I believe angels arensinging,\" Kevin joked as he stood next to her at the counternwaiting for the cashier to bring the phone out. \"Ha ha, very funny,\"nshe smirked in spite of herself. \"Seriously though,nare you happy with you're new phone?\" Jane posed as thoughnthinking it over. Kevin stared at her intently, hoping she wasn'tnserious. \"Well…\" shenstarted with indecision in her voice. Kevin's eyes widened and shenlaughed, \"I'm joking. I'm very happy with my phone.\" Kevin let the breathnhe'd been holding out in a gush, \"Thank God. Ok, what do you saynwe go out to eat?\" He checked his watch, \"It's about time forndinner.\" \"Sounds great. Incould go for Chinese.\" The attendant came back to the counter Janenpaid for her phone, \"Thanks.\" She turned back to Kevin, \"Hownabout you?\" He put an arm aroundnher waist, \"Sounds great.\" Kevin kissed her on the cheek and theynleft the store, new phone bag in hand. - - - - fin- - - - ","Summary":" AN: I started thisnfic when I had to go phone shopping with my mom. I wrote the firstnpart over a y"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"PostWedding Jitters","Author":"TheLaughingstockOfPassersby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4979898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this because this fandom needs some serious appreciation. This movie is awesome! One of my favorites. So I believe this section deserves a story with the main characters actually in it. Pardon my monotony, I'm just tired. Post-Wedding Jitters by: The Laughingstock Jane Nichols—no, It was Jane Doyle now, wasn't it?—was in shock. Was this seriously happening? Did she really just get married to the love of her life at the most beautiful wedding she could ever have imagined? Glancing to her side at Kevin, and down at her wedding dress, Jane felt a sense of detachment from it all. It was like she was watching a movie, or was just another participant at someone else's wedding. Kevin must have noticed the strange face she was making, because he leaned over and cupped her face in his hands gently. His face still had that nervous-groom look she loved, mixed into a concerned smile. \"Hey, c'mon, don't be upset. What's wrong? We're married.\" His smile turned into a smirk, \"Finally.\" Jane let out a short laugh, \"I'm fine. I just don't—I…\" She closed her eyes briefly before opening them and turning to face him, \"It hasn't kicked in yet.\" He raised an eyebrow, \"What hasn't kicked in yet? The wedding ? We've been waiting for this for months. It's not exactly a surprise.\" \"I know. I know! Urghh! No, I'm fine. Really. I just—just give me a minute.\" Jane took in a deep breath. Kevin simply gave a light chuckle at her antics and gave her the space she needed. They were in the limousine driving from their reception to the fancy five-star hotel they'd booked for tonight. It was her special night. It had been her special day. This had really happened; Kevin had really happened. This was most definitely not a dream. \"Oh My God.\" Jane's eyes widened almost comically. \"What?\" Kevin's concerned eyes were instantly on her face, scrutinizing it. Did she change her mind? Was she going to say it had all been a huge mistake? Oh, please let it be anything but that! \"Jane?\" \"Oh My God.\" \"Jane!\" Kevin had taken his wife by the shoulders and was shaking her lightly. Was she having some sort of panic attack? Just when he was about to panic himself, she seemed to snap out of it. \" Oh My God . I'm married !\" Jane's face was alight with happiness—the joy that had been missing earlier. \"Yes.\" He replied, chuckling. False alarm. Kevin took a moment to sigh in relief, then took in the sight of Jane in all her 'perfect wedding' radiance. She seemed to glow from within; her smile practically split her face in two. She really was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. For all the cynic that he was, there was no denying he was the luckiest man in the world at that moment. \"You've waited your whole life to be married, haven't you? And now you are.\" Kevin gave her a crooked smile as he continued, \"Unfortunately, with that deal you'll have to spend the rest of your life chained to me . But don't worry, I've heard rumors that it's not that bad.\" His bride laughed and gave a wide smile, \"You can't believe everything you hear. And you definitely can't trust what you read in the newspaper.\" Jane shook her head in mock-disapproval, \"Those journalists are so dishonest. They never write anything worth reading.\" \"Oh, ha-ha. You weren't saying that when you collected all the commitments I'd ever written.\" He smiled at her despite the teasing. This was what he loved. It was this part of Jane that Kevin wanted to wake up to every morning. She really was something else. \"I don't deserve you.\" Jane rolled her eyes at his statement. \"Don't be melodramatic, please. You just gave me the best wedding I could ever ask for, so whatever imbalance there was is neutralized.\" \"But seriously, Jane,\" Kevin's voice was thoughtful, \"Anyone could give you a perfect wedding. I wasn't exactly the perfect guy for you, and I just don't want you to wake up one day and realize that you could do better.\" Jane smiled, \"Yeah? Well, if Bill Gates comes and proposes, I can assure you you'd be out the window.\" \"Just like that?\" \"Just-like-that.\" He winced, \"That's harsh.\" \"Life is harsh. Get used to it.\" Kevin laughed at that. His cynicism was starting to rub off on her, \"Yeah. It is, isn't it?\" \"Yup.\" Jane smiled sweetly at that, popping the 'p' for emphasis. They stayed in silence for a moment. Outside the window, the world was passing by in a blur of colors. Jane was happy that this ride was taking a long time. It was spending time with Kevin like this that reminded her why she chose him to spend the rest of her life with. \"Okay. What about George?\" Jane furrowed her eyebrows, \"What about George?\" \"What if he were to come and propose to you?\" \"Instead of Bill Gates?\" Kevin gave her an irritated glance, \"What if George came to our door and proposed to you?\" \"Kevin—\"She was interrupted by a look from said man, daring her not to answer his question. Jane took a deep breath, letting her soulful eyes drift to her lap. Kevin braced himself for the rejection he knew was inevitable. She had been in love with George for forever, hadn't she? He was only second best. Kevin took a sharp breath in when her gaze suddenly pinned him down, the brown eyes intense with suppressed emotion. \"Weddings are not about location, or how beautiful the gown is, or the fancy party. A wedding is special because of who you're sharing it with.\" Jane paused, and Kevin motioned silently for her to continue. \"I would tell him no.\" Sensing the unvoiced 'why', Jane continued, \"He's not you.\" Her voice held so much love in that moment, that Kevin was speechless. This was it; no denying. What he had with Jane was one-and-only, 'once-in-a-lifetime' true love. His smile broadened as he realized, not for the first time, that this was the happiest day of his life. And for once, the future was looking up. I was intending for this to be a full-blown story, but it kinda seems like a one-shot to me. I want to continue it though, so it may or may not happen. It's a little short for a first chapter, don't you think? Wrote it in like an hour. At midnight. But it turned out all right. Not Beta'd because my Beta is (probably) asleep, and I feel like posting this tonight. Thanks, TLS ","Summary":" I wrote this because this fandom needs some serious appreciation. This movie is awesome! One of my "},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"BB Bennie And the Jets","Author":"CurleyPatches","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11709539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kevin's POV: We were at the bar looking for cell reception because our car hydroplaned off the road and it was all Jane's fault. She was pissed at me and now we are in this little bar in a little town somewhere and I am pissed. I need a drink. After a couple drinks were in both of our systems we started to loosen up. Then I heard it. Hey kids, shake it loose together The spotlight's hitting something That's been known to change the weather We'll kill the fatted calf tonight I couldn't help but sing along but I kind of couldn't remember the words; then Jane corrected me. Say, Candy and Ronnie, have you seen them yet But they're so spaced out, Bennie and the Jets Oh but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh Bennie she's really keen She's got electric boots a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets I couldn't help but be pissed at the guy who whooped at her little performance. Man was she sexy. She had the voice of an angle and the movies of the devil. And she kept on going. Hey kids, plug into the faithless Maybe they're blinded But Bennie makes them ageless We shall survive, let us take ourselves along Where we fight our parents out in the streets To find who's right and who's wrong Without even realizing it I ended up dancing on the table with her singing. Say, Candy and Ronnie, have you seen them yet But they're so spaced out, Bennie and the Jets Oh but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh Bennie she's really keen She's got electric boots a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets She's got electric boots a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets Bennie Bennie Bennie, Bennie and the Jets This was the most fun I had in a long time and it only got better. That night I realized that I loved her; my life was bliss until breakfast the next morning when I went from bliss to pissed.[Chapter 2] The scary thing is I am starting to miss Jane. Because of my story about Jane I was promoted yeah no more bridzillas for me. I cannot wait to leave this wedding it all reminds me of her: the flowers. the cake, the dress, the pictures and most of all the maid of honor. Unfortunately the party was on a boat so there was no way for me to leave early so I am trapped with the ora of Jane. JANES POV: I can't believe I just jumped on to the boat. Kevin brings out the wild side in me, I don't see why I couldn't just wait on the dock, well that does not mater now. The guest that saw me jump were giving my weird looks but hey, I couldn't blame them. Where is Kevin, I need to find Kevin, I am so determined to find him that I almost run it to the bride. I mumble a quick apology then I her say \"Wait, are you the Bridesmaid from the magazine?\" Wow, thanks Kevin now the whole world knows me as a weddingaholic. I mumble a \"yes\" and give her a quick smile. She squeaks, \"Oh, I can't believe you are here at my wedding.\" \"I am sorry about it, I did not mean to ruin your wedding day,\" I say guilty. \"Ruin it, no way! I am honored to have a dedicated woman like you at my reception. But do you mind me asking why you are here?\" \" Well it's a long story,\" I tell her, but really I just don't want to tell anyone. \"I have time\" she tells me and from the look on her face I know I will not leave her sight without an explanation. Before I know it I have told her the whole story and I am on stage. Wait what I am on stage! Better late than never. \"Kevin Doyle, Kevin Doyle,\" I see him and my heart stops. He looks so good, I bet he didn't miss me at all. I almost turn back, then I see the bride urging me to go on. At that moment I declare my love to that cynical wedding journalist who is as sweet and charming and God help me! After my declaration, I walk strait to him we look at each other for a moment then we kiss. The hole world stopped at that moment. This kiss sealed the deal, we would never leave each other again. And man was that the best kiss of my life I feel like one of those princesses in those Disney flicks. When we break the kiss and come back to reality I hear our song playing faintly in the background. Say, Candy and Ronnie, have you seen them yet But they're so spaced out, Bennie and the Jets Oh but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh Bennie she's really keen She's got electric boots a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets ","Summary":" Kevin's POV: We were at the bar looking for cell reception because our car hydroplaned off the road"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"After the big day","Author":"FlowerGirl3008","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7493742","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The wonders of that one day worn away very quickly, far too quickly as it was only a week ago and was it too fast? I still can't believe all the brides from the weddings I've been to come to mine and worn the dress I had to wear for them, but I think Kevin was in far more shock. Now, I still live in small apartment and with an extra person which of course is Kevin. It is far too small I do want a big better place, maybe even a house hover neither of us can afford it at the moment. Therefore we have both agreed to save up for a couple of years then get the house. I also have a new job earning more and no longer have the awkwardness at last. I should be happy with my dream wedding and perfect marriage but it's almost as if something is missing. Maybe the house is missing? But it feels like something a lot bigger is missing from my life? \"You're looking rather upset again today, come one cheer up\" Kevin says grinning at me as he walks in. Yet he is only wearing a dressing grown and will be until we go out or do something. \"I'm allowed, look I'm in bed still, and I'm just tried. Hey, wasn't there something we were supposed to be doing later on today? See my dad or your parents?\" As I said that I was continually yawning, it wasn't even like I had a late night last night. \"Ummm, well you're the one with the over full dairy, I'm just one of your chess pieces. But if I remember correctly we are meant to be going to see Tess?\" \"Yeah you're right. Apparently she has some big news to tell us. Maybe she's finally fully forgiven me for everything\" This is basically because of everything that happened in the past year. \"You don't need anyone else because you have me!\" He said slowly creeping closer to me. \"Are you going to get out of bed today?\" \"Well you seem to be coming back to bed\" As I said it I gestured him away, so I can get out of bed and ready for Tess's. However as usually he ignored it. \"Just to cuddle and talk about the wonderful things you have been up too\" As he said this he laughed at me mockingly. \"Don't forget I'm covering that story tomorrow\" \"I can't believe you're going to finally write about something you want to and you love\" \"I love you too and we will go away eventually for a honeymoon\" While he said this he got into the bed and started to attack me. \"I never said I love you, even though I do\" We both gazed into each other's eyes longingly. \"I love you\" Giving him a quick peak on the cheek. After that I tried to get out of the bed and dressed but I was very un-successful, as he dragged me back each time with me scream \"Nooooo!\". Yet in the end I just gave into him. Here we are at Tess's, it's still torture every time I see her and it's a symbol of how stupid and pitiful I was. How I forgot the important things and became blind to the things happening around me. But here I am and there she is looking the happiest I've seen her in ages. She now has her own place luckily, as I wouldn't want her ruining anything else for me now that I have Kevin. I actually have something first and that is all mine. \"Dinner will be in five. We are still waiting for one more of our guests\" Tess said as she disappeared back into the kitchen. She always wears the prettiest clothes like a princess and of course she always acts as if she is one. Today she was wearing a short a-line black dress what had a flower pinned onto it on the right hand side. This for some strange reason was better she usually dressed and has slapped on the make-up, with bright pink lipstick. I looked up at Kevin from having a mini thumb war together. \"Who has she invited round? Is this the big surprise?\" As I spoke the words the worse ideas of who it could be came into my head. \"Has she got a new boyfriend?\" As he said this I met his eye's they are beautiful and sparking brown eye's what always calm me right back down. He does look more tried compared to normal however I only think that it is from his new job and the strain it puts on he, especially with the huge workload. Then I was stopped on the train of thought as the doorbell kept ringing. As I got up to answer the door Tess came flying past me and started to open to door. She slowly turned the door handle looking back at us as if to almost say sorry. Then the creak of the door opening the slightest echoed through the room. Who is it?[Chapter 2] It's him! How could she! There he is, George. Smartly dressed just how he always has been, with shiny shoes and an exquisite bunch of flowers. Then he hands the flowers to Tess, they are bold primary colours almost to show his masculinity and win her over. But what's going on between them. After the wedding and getting a new job it was clear to everyone I wanted to never see him again. How could she do this to me? I'm happy now. She ruins everything. \"Jane, Kevin, this is our extra guest\" She was saying it as if we had never met him or known him. We were both there gazing at each other, speechless. \"Hey, good to see you again, it's almost been like you're avoiding me\" George said this with a gigantic cheesy smile. I felt like hitting him and saying I am because you make everything go wrong and make me go crazy, so stay out of my life. But of course I didn't I just sat there silent. Crash! While I'd been off in my own thought Kevin got up and walked over to him. \"Hi\" Kevin said shaking George's hand. Then he had punched him right in his stomach. Therefore George fell onto the dull, dusty floor with an echoing bang, as if it was thundering. I bolted over to Kevin. \"Nooo, don't, leave him alone!\" I didn't even realise these words were coming out of my mouth. I pulled him back onto the sofa and stopped him from going back over there again. I could see in his face the regret now of doing it but it was too late. Tess helped him back up onto his feet. \"You could at least be polite to people and not go round punching them!\" she yelled this directly at Kevin. \"Calm down Tess, he was just in shock … it was very un-expected!\" I said trying to relax things however it was too late for that. \"Calm down! Calm down! What give you the right to tell me to calm down!\" She looked as if steam was about to start smoking from her ears. \"Tess I think we all should just forget it, should I leave or stay?\" George said, actually trying to be considerate. \"No! Don't be stupid! You have done NOTHING wrong. Well are you going to stop it Kevin? Or are you both going?\" Tess looked angry at George for even saying that. Kevin then turned to me and asked me if I wanted to go or stay, what am I mean to do? \"Tess is it really necessary and important for us and George to get along?\" By this point I was getting frustrated and wanted to go. \"Yes it is, please just try to get along and put the past behind you\" Tess was saying this with actually feeling as well as disappointment. She then walked back off into the kitchen. George started to slowly walk to the far side of the L-shaped sofa and sat down, being very cautious. We were all there extremely quiet, like mouse, for around ten minutes while we waited for Tess. It was far too long and dreadfully awkward. George look sad and upset but I couldn't understand fully why it mattered to him so much. \"It is ready, the table is all set up\" Tess shouted from the kitchen. George got up first and walked through to the dining room first. Kevin grabbed me and started to talk to me before we went through to the others \"Jane, I don't know whether I can play happy families like this it's just not right\". \"We have to for Tess\" \"You always do things for other people, do something for your-self for once\" He said this while stroking my hair as it usually wins me over. \"Don't you dare say that, you know I'm not a push over like I use to be\" \"I know, I know. But still…\" I wasn't going to listen to this we just had to put up with it, only for a few hours anyway. So I walked off into the dining room and Kevin did follow eventually. \"As George is a vegetarian we have got a four cheese pasta thing, I did make it myself so sorry if it's horrible you all should know what I'm like at cooking\" Tess said this with a fake smile on her face. Tess has never been a good cook, she has always burnt things. I think this is because of how much she just use to depend on me for everything. We all sat there in pretty much silence while we eat the pasta, then I cleared away the plates for Tess. I was then going to start and wash up but Tess shouted me back into the room with them. \"Ok I, no we have something to tell you\" while Tess said this her whole face lit up. \"Don't you think it can wait Tess for a little bit longer?\" George said. \"No I don't they have to find out sometime, you know that\" What were they both going on about? \"Fine tell them\" George said to Tess. \"We… we are getting married!\" she said it with such joy. What? Huh? Nooooo … After that Kevin said I think we should go and the next thing I knew we were getting into the car. Why? How can she do this? ","Summary":" The wonders of that one day worn away very quickly, far too quickly as it was only a week ago and w"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"The Eyes","Author":"Double R Awesome","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6463627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first try at writing a suspense story so let me know how I do, if you want me to continue it leave an idea and if I have time I might expand. Please read and review! The Eyes I stared into the setting sun which was casting a vibrant, crimson red across the sky. It was so entrancing; the only thing that broke my gaze was my bike going over a ditch in the road. Looking around I realized I had gone off the familiar road and onto what seemed to be a barren dirt path where the only visible life was the surrounding bushes that were scattered everywhere, just sitting lifelessly on the windless night. As I looked trying to figure out where I was and how I'd gotten to the dirt path, I caught a quick flash of movement out of the corner of my eye. I whirled around expecting to see some kind of animal, but I saw nothing as I stood there, my heart beating as fast as the wings of a humming bird. As I waited, watched, and listened, I heard the rustling of leaves coming from one of the larger bushes. Peering in all I saw was a pair of large, intimidating, crystal blue eyes, familiar eyes, human eyes. With a shocked gasp I stumbled backwards and raced to my bike, desperate to get away, away from the eyes, away from his eyes. I knew them; I knew them all too well, in the past they held passion, care, and love, they held passion, care, and love for me, now all they hold for me is hatred, disgust, and power . Thinking of his eyes brought back memories both wonderful and horrible. Remembering how I would gaze into them as he held me in his warm embrace when I was sad and loved me unconditionally. As the days passed his eyes began to change, their love replaced by hate, passion by disgust, and care by power. My hand went up to my face where he would strike me when he came home. If he hadn't been drinking before he got home he would start instantly. The more he drank the more violent he became. His violent nature became too much to bear, I left before he came home one day, leaving behind the ring that had pledged me to him, knowing then it was just keeping me under his control and at his mercy, I left behind the ring that had betrayed me. An unnaturally warm gust of wind swept through me sending me into the middle of a whirl-wind of leaves. The touch of a hand on my cheek snapped me out of my reverie, but as I opened my eyes and looked around I didn't see anyone around. Was it his hand? A leaf? Or just my imagination? \"Nessie\" The hoarse yet smooth voice whispered into my ear. Startled, I jumped and began looking around for him when I felt him come up behind me. I could feel his warmth pulsating around me, wrapping me in a familiar blanket of comfort that had an air of pure hatred around it. I broke down into tears, \"Why are you doing this?\" I sobbed, \"What did I do to deserve this cruelness?\" by now I was choking on my words. \"What did you do?\" his angry yet slightly amused voice cut through the air like a knife. \"You left me! Not a word, not a note, nothing! \" he was growing angrier, \"I come home with a gift for you to find you and all of your possessions gone. The only thing you leave me is your ring!\" he started to say when I interject and say, \"A gift for me? What was it? A torture chair?\" I ask sarcastically. \"May I finish?\" he growled. \"Be my guest\" I replied, getting irritated. \"You break my heart, leave me with nothing but a ring and you have the audacity to ask what you did to deserve this? Well, now that you know it's time for you to pay the price.\" His voice went ice cold. I hear a metallic pop, it sounded like a switch blade, terrified I turned around slowly to face him seeing the gleam of the blade in his hand. \"No….\" I whispered, \"Why? What will you gain from this?\" I had stopped crying now, everything was perfectly quiet, I stood, paralyzed as he raised the knife. As it came down I jolted up in bed screaming at the top of my lungs. I finally stopped screeching when I felt the comforts of my secure room surrounding me. I shivered as a gust of cold air blew through my hair, the feeling that someone was running their fingers through my hair would not go away. Wanting to get rid of all memories of him I shuffled over to my window and slowly slid it closed, recognizing the look of the setting sun sent shivers down my spine as the all too real dream came back to me. I was too busy thinking about the dream to notice the pair of crystal blue eyes watching me carefully, calculating how else he could mess with my mind. What did you think? Leave a review and let me know. Remember, if you want this story to be continued leave a suggestion and if I have time I'll try to continue the story. Please talk to your friends, I want as many writing suggestions on how to improve my writing because I want to have a part time job as a fictional short story writer.[Chapter 2] The Attack \"Natali! Oh My God! NATALI! Get down here! You have to get down here NOW!\" Catherine was shrieking at the top of her lungs. \"Catherine!\" I whined, \"It's 7:30a.m.\" I slowly hobbled down my stairs. This had better be a dream. It has to be, what would Catherine be doing here at 7:30 in the morning? I must still be asleep. Asleep in my warm, comfy waterbed. That's it, it has to be, this is all a dream and nothing bad is happening and Catherine isn't really outside my house. When I finally made it down the stairs I hesitantly opened the front door and mumbled, \"First, why are you here at 7:30 in the morning? Second, what is so important? You were screaming loud enough to wake the dead.\" My joke was lame but I couldn't do much better at that hour! Catherine burst into tears, \"If you don't call 911 now, Jake will be among them!\" by now she was in hysteria, I thought she was going to flood the place with tears. \"What?\" I gasped, \"What are you talking about?\" \"Jake, he's just down there, on the porch swing,\" she gestured outside, \"Natali, he isn't moving! I thought he was asleep so I tried waking him up but he didn't respond to anything!\" \"Maybe you didn't try hard enough,\" I stammered, \"He's a pretty heavy sleeper.\" \"Natali! I all but threw him off a cliff!\" Catherine exclaimed. \"Ok, clam down, I'll call 911 you go check for a pulse.\" Leadership skills I rarely use were kicking in. After I called 911 I went to see Jake and when I got there I saw he was breathing, I sighed with relief but when I looked at Catherine I saw she was staring at something, a note next to Jake. I picked it up and looked at the front, it was titled 'Nessie', my heart stopped and I fell to my knees. It can't be him! He couldn't have done this! \"Ness….I mean, Natali, what does it say?\" Catherine whispered. \"I don't know yet.\" I said detached. I slowly opened the letter, not wanting to see what it said. In ink that looked like blood was scrawled two words ' White Dove ' I dropped the note and with shaking hands I covered my mouth. Then, slowly, I turned to Jake's body and looked on the palm of his right hand. There was a thin ribbon of blood coming from just under his ring finger. No, no no no no no! It can't, he couldn't, no. I won't I won't do it. I can't do it! \"What Natali? You can't do what?\" the voice of a worried Catherine broke my thoughts. It was then that I realized I had been speaking aloud. I looked at Catherine, tears running down my cheeks. \"It was him, it was Josh, he was here. He did this!\" \"How do you know?\" Catherine looked alarmed. \"The note, it was written in Jake's blood and it said 'White Dove'. Whenever we had a fight, we would write 'White Dove', Josh's symbol of forgiveness, in our blood drawn from just below our ring finger to ask for forgiveness.\" I explained feeling light headed. Catherine stared at me in shock, \"Josh is asking for forgiveness?\" \"Yes but I'm not going to give it. I will not have Jake's baby raised near that monster!\" I was done crying, I was mad now. I was so mad I swung my fist at a hanging plant smashing the ceramic container to pieces. I was bleeding from cuts it gave me by I didn't care, my anger numbed out the pain. Catherine was still staring at me but now she was trembling, she began shaking and crying uncontrollably. \"Natali, I have to tell you…\" she whimpered. \"What,\" I growled, \"what else could you possibly have to tell me?\" \"Jake, he…\" but she never got the chance too finished because at that moment police cars and ambulances pulled up horns blaring and lights flashing. Catherine and I stepped aside as floods of officers and medics made their way onto the porch. One police officer stopped and asked me what had happened so I told him the story then asked what was going to happen to Jake. He told me Jake was going to be taken to the Mount Olympus Hospital but that he should be fine. With a sigh of relief I suddenly felt a cold shiver shoot down my spine and I felt like I was being watched, looking around I saw him out of the corner of my eye, just watching me, my heart raced and all of time seemed to stop for a second then I was overcome with all the voices and lights and sirens around me. I screamed once, then I fainted. Please comment, if you have any suggestions for the next chapter they are welcome. ","Summary":" This is my first try at writing a suspense story so let me know how I do, if you want me to continu"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"I Said Don't!","Author":"chocolatebearturk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5729214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Said Don't! a/n: I recently bought the movie 27 Dresses—I love Katherine Heigl—and I felt like the movie was missing a little something. This scene takes place in the car—right after they got stuck in the mud and right before they found the bar. I thought that Jane really needed a moment to flip out on someone and express her frustration. So here it is. Dedication: To my mom, for buying me the movie and letting me have my life back. Unfortunately, due to language, she can NEVER read this. Ever. For once, Kevin's mouth had failed him. The man with all the words had nothing—repeat, NOTHING—to say. It didn't stop him from trying , though. \"Uh…\" \"I said don't!\" And so he closed his lips and waited. The sad fact was, he hated silence. And minus the pounding rain and Jane's labored breathing, this was as silent as silent could get. He let his eyes rove over the interior of the car and he noticed for the first time how spotless it was for her father's Volvo. A sudden idea struck him and it took all of his effort not to snort as he realized that she had probably made time in her already insane schedule to clean her father's care—for George. That thought killed his mirth as quickly as it had come. What did she see in that—okay, so he could understand her feelings. George was a great guy. But she was still crazy. A sound that wasn't rain brought his attention back to the woman behind the wheel. She was groaning the long, drawn-out groan of one who had a lifetime of bad days to compare to, slumping in the driver's seat until her forehead connected with the steering wheel. A strangled whine started in her throat, only to be cut off abruptly as she sat up and started scrubbing at her eyes. Damnit, he never wanted her to cry. \"Jane…\" he said quietly. \"What?\" she said, more calmly than he would have expected. \"What the FUCK could you possibly want now?!\" Ah. There we go. \"I didn't—\" Kevin began. \"Didn't what, Malcolm ?\" she yelled. \"Didn't think you'd hit the nail so squarely on the fucking head? Didn't think you'd drive me to fucking tears? Well, guess- FUCKING -what!\" She ran her fingers under her eyes again to catch the salty drops, laughing bitterly. \" Please , Jane. I—\" \"You WHAT? You want me to admit it?\" Kevin paled. \"N-no, Jane, I don't—\" \"I am in FUCKING love with my FUCKING sister's FUCKING fiancé,\" she screamed for the whole world to hear. Kevin winced as though he'd been struck. \"I'm in FUCKING love with my FUCKING boss!\" \"Jane—\" \"I have been five FUCKING minutes from hanging myself with Gatsby's FUCKING leash ever since they FUCKING saw each other at Gina's FUCKING engagement party. I. AM. ROYALLY. FUCKED .\" There was silence for a long, tense moment. \"Gatsby?\" \"George's dog.\" \"Ah.\" More silence. \"Gina?\" \"A friend from work.\" \"Another dress for your collection?\" \"The gothic one with the spiked collar.\" \"Oh, I remember now.\" Jane laughed and then groaned. \"God,\" she called out, \"if you're out there, you could work up your smiting finger for me. Any time between now and two months ago would be great.\" \"Two months ago?\" \"When I brought Tess home from the airport—you should remember, you met me the night before. And came to the engagement party.\" \"Wait, whoa, I witnessed the start of this travesty?\" \"Travesty?\" Jane asked. She swiveled in her seat to stare at him in disbelief. Even he, the marriage-hater, had to think it was the \"perfect match\" like everyone else. After all, with the image the two of them put off— Kevin snorted. \"When you've covered as many weddings as I have, you see all sorts of disasters waiting to happen. This is one of the most horrible tricks of fate I've ever seen. Your sister is a world class bi—\" \"Hey!\" Jane said, smiling in spite of herself. \"She is my sister, you know.\" And yet more silence. Jane sniffed and wiped at her face, sitting up straighter in her seat. She cleared her throat and straightened her hair, adjusting her jacket as she looked in the rearview mirror. Kevin just stared. \"You do realize that you are stuck in a 1993-model Volvo in the middle of a thunderstorm, right? There's no George to impress here—just me and the rain,\" he said. She snapped a glare in his direction, unable to tell that he was joking (mostly). \"A girl occasionally likes to feel better than she looks, ass .\" After wasting another moment to impress the Stink Eye on him, she opened her door and got out of the car. Kevin immediately followed, watching as she lost first one shoe and then the other to the mud. \"What are you doing ? Are you crazy?!\" \"There's a bar up the road,\" she yelled back, barely bothering to turn around. \"They'll have a phone.\" He couldn't argue that logic—or the alcohol that would follow. I'm not sure if this can go anywhere else... I may try to find other spots in the movie that need fixing, but I think this is it. :) I actually had a lot of fun with this. It was nice to let my inner bitch out. Love, love, and love again! Babs[Chapter 2] Scene Two: Undue Stress \"So, what, did you get some kind of sick pleasure out of making me break down like that?\" Jane asked. She took a swig of her drink. \"Or were you just paying me back in kind?\" Kevin nearly choked on his scotch as he reeled back to look at her. He gaped in disbelief. \"Are you really going to do this? Are you going to waste an entire night wallowing in self-pity? Because I would think that you'd had enough of letting those feelings fester in your stomach. I'm surprised you don't have an ulcer.\" Jane winced and turned away, determined not to meet his eyes. \"Oh, sweet Jesus, the woman has an ulcer!\" Kevin exclaimed to himself. He lifted his arms in the air, a gesture that could have been of defeat or victory—he wasn't quite sure himself. \" Did ,\" Jane corrected, reaching out and bringing one of his arms down, embarrassed by his gesture. \"I did have an ulcer. It fixed itself up okay, though. And I've got the meds now. It won't happen again… so long as I don't subject myself to undue stress.\" \"And what do you consider 'undue stress,' Jane? The second coming ?\" He glanced around the bar and leaned in close to her. \"You're planning this farce of a marriage between your sister and the guy you're in love with and you don't consider that undue stress?\" Jane looked him right in the eye and told him no before bursting into hysterical, crazed laughter. He could only stare and wait for her to sober up, slightly fearful that he had actually caused her to snap. When she finally finished laughing, she fixed him with one of those looks that he was becoming more and more familiar with. \"I told you; I'm Jesus. This is nothing. You haven't planned three shotgun weddings within a month, talked two caterers into serving the same reception and personally tied three hundred and fifty-seven perfect bows on invitations.\" \"Ha, very funny,\" Kevin said. \"I know very well what it's like to watch the love of my life walk away with someone else. And while that's painful enough in itself, what kind of sick freak— you —would willingly sign up for the personal hell that is planning their wedding ?\" The woman shrugged and took another swig of her drink. \"I guess, like some sick freak, I just want him to be happy. And if my baby sister makes him happy, and if he makes her happy, isn't that more important?\" \"Yeah, but what about you?\" Kevin asked. He took her glass away from her and stared into her eyes, incredulous at her overpowering selflessness. \"Don't you deserve some happiness? I mean, you're making a pretty big sacrifice. And they'll never even know it.\" \"Nobody notices when you do something good,\" Jane said. It was mechanical, as though she said this too often to too many people. \"But everyone's paying attention when you mess up. I'd rather do good unnoticed than be known for my mistakes, I guess.\" She took her drink back and took a long drag, grimacing a little as it burned her throat. But the warmth that flooded her stomach was the best feeling she'd had all day. She signaled the bartender to bring her another of whatever she'd just been drinking. Kevin raised his eyebrows. \"I thought you were just going to have one drink?\" \"I'm living in my own personal hell, remember?\" she said sarcastically. When the glass came back, filled with liquid courage, she took a swig and smiled at him. \"Let's talk about something else. Like your column! Let's start with that.\" \"Go ahead,\" Kevin said, smirking a little at her unsubtle subject change. \"July the 17th, 2005.\" His eyebrows went up. \"You've got the dates memorized?\" \"You don't? I would remember it if I was put in print,\" Jane told him. \"Come on, you should know this.\" \"Uh… was that the Rutger wedding?\" And so started the game. Jane was surprised that he knew so little about his own work, but then he'd written about a wedding every two weeks for the past five years. He'd been to more than she had ever thought to attend. (And did you think she'd only been to twenty-seven weddings? Psh! Those were just the ones where she was a part of the wedding party .) With every article she mentioned, the more cynical he became. And, remarkably, the more they drank, the more forgetful he seemed. Or maybe he was digging for her opinions. By the time they were on his fourth scotch and her third whatever-it-was (she could never remember what it was called, only what was in it, and even that evaded her at the moment), he was pretending he had no clue what she was talking about. \"Okay,\" she said, choking a little on the word. \"February 12th, 2006.\" The Keller wedding. He had to remember that one. :D I just had to do it. I thought that after her meltdown in the car, she needed some redemption. Most of these will not be in chronological order, just so you know. These just happened to be in order out of random chance. And yes, that means there's more. Even though I've labeled it complete. :P Much love! Babs ","Summary":" I Said Don't! a/n: I recently bought the movie 27 Dresses—I love Katherine Heigl—and I felt like th"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Deeper Moments","Author":"S.A.Binx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6169918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I cried like a baby at the Keller wedding.\" That simple confession had spurred so many charged feelings between us. We had kissed like we were drowning and only the other had oxygen to give. I had kissed him without fully grasping who it was I was kissing. All I knew was that it felt right kissing Kevin. When I pulled away to breathe it felt like I needed him more than air. That night after the bar we had stumbled through the dark rain back to the Volvo stopping at random intervals to continue kissing. At one such interval he had me pressed against the tree near the car kissing me like we wouldn't make it the extra 10 feet. He pulled me tighter against him and let his lips travel down my neck. Before we actually managed to continue on he pulled back and stared into my eyes. His expression was nearly unreadable. His eyes held wonder and marvel and yet also regret. At the time I couldn't think any more of it. He lifted his hand slowly and brushed my cheek. I leaned into his tender touch as the rain dripped down both our faces. His lips touched mine in a motion so soft, so special that it felt as though my heart would break and swell too large at the same time. Terrible yet wonderful. Later after the heat of passion had been flushed from our system we lay in the back seat. Dressed once again and just cuddling. It was strange. Kevin was supposed to be the one man that I'd never have feelings for. And yet there I was, lying with my cheek against his grey t-shirt. The fabric was soft and worn. Kevin had one arm around my shoulders resting on my waist and the other grasping my hand on his chest. A position of protection and love. Wait, love? His chest rose and fell slowly, indicating he was asleep. I sat up and looked at him. Without his conscious shields his expression was one that was content and happy without and misgivings. There were traces of sadness but he seemed at peace. I traced my fingers down his cheek and watched as he smiled under my hand. A smile graced my lips as I lay back down and drifted into a comfortable sleep.[Chapter 2] \" I cried like a baby at the Keller wedding\" I don't know what possessed me to say it but I felt it needed to be said. Maybe a small way of saying, \"I want to let you in, Jane.\" But I still don't know. She pulled my face to hers in a rush. I gasped at the feelings spreading through the contact. Even with Jill, my ex-wife it hadn't felt like this. It made my head spin and made the world go unsteady. We stumbled toward the door barely able to keep each other's hands off each other. Close to the car it hit a high point. I pushed her against the tree. Our lips chaffed against each other as we desperately ran our hands over each other. Jane's small hands ran through my hair, driving me crazy, and yet pulling me closer to her. I pulled away to gently kiss her neck. She arched her back into me and I pulled away. I saw the clouded look in her eyes. Jane was amazingly beautiful. The wet hair stuck to her forehead and cheeks. With every reason to feel happy about having the women I've been dreaming about for weeks kissing me, wanting me, I couldn't help but feel sad. She didn't love me. I hated how much that hurt but it was inevitable. I knew going into this that she wouldn't love me. George was the only one she saw. This night wasn't going to happen again. I had one memory to have. So I planned to make the most of it. I reached up and ran my hand down her cheek. Ever so gently. I wanted her to know how I felt about her but my pride wouldn't let me just say \"I love you\". I leaned in an brushed my lips against hers. I felt my heart breaking, knowing this was my only chance to be with her. Whether it was the alcohol or just my fragile state of mind about this mysterious, crazy girl I felt a tear run down my cheek but it went unnoticed in the rain. I kissed Jane like it would be the last I would ever have. It may be. Who knows? I pulled her closer not being able to stand it any longer. Later, before falling asleep I kissed her head. I couldn't help but smile. This wasn't just a hook up to me. It may be to her but it was so much more to me. I drifted asleep with the same goofy smile on my face. I woke up with the sun. The sun streamed through the window onto Jane's hair making it sparkle. A few stands had fallen onto her eyes and I brushed them away. Oh, how I wished this was how I could awaken every morning. With her resting on my chest. I winced. I kissed her head and managed to wiggle out of her grasp. She didn't awaken. She merely made a sound of protest in her sleep which was utterly adorable. But she wasn't mine. And I couldn't stand being here when she awoke and regret what happened. It'd kill me. So I grabbed my collared shirt and headed up the hill to get coffee. I turned back and stared at the car with the girl I loved in it. I wished it wouldn't happen only once. ","Summary":" \"I cried like a baby at the Keller wedding.\" That simple confession had spurred so many charged f"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Memento","Author":"somaticjester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6234595","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: I'm currently hooked in the fandom of Shutter Island (after being wowed by its awesomeness, both book and the movie) so I decided to write a tribute story to one of my favorite characters: Rachel Laeddis . Take note, this might look like an AU since this is told in Rachel's POV (Andrew's going to have to lie low for a while) but it will definitely help you understand this story better if you read the book and watched the movie. 'Nuff said now, enjoy. Disclaimer: C'mon you know the drill: I DO NOT OWN SHUTTER ISLAND (MOVIE/BOOK). If I did, then that cute, little girl Rachel wouldn't have died in the first place. Synopsis: Rachel Laeddis saw the world differently unlike any other, and in her last days she recounts how she dreamed, questioned, and watched her family slowly consumed by madness. [POV/Rated T for some themes] ... MEMENTO ... I. A Bedtime Story August 13, 1951 The neighborhood was quiet tonight. So quiet that I could hear the crickets chirped and the wind whistled like a soft lullaby in my ears. It was a nice change because I spent most nights lying awake with dogs barking and growling outside our apartment. Sometimes it scares me to listen to them howl because I didn't know if they were angry or terrified at one another in the dark. My daddy once told me that if ever I feel scared, I should think of something happy, something nice and fun. I told him about the family picnic we had in the public beach two weeks ago. I told him about the different colored shells I collected and the sandcastles I built. Daddy nodded and said that I should always think about that whenever the dogs were barking. So I think and think of our family picnic at night to help me go to sleep. But I don't feel like sleeping right now. I pushed the blanket away from my chest and I slowly tiptoed across the room towards the window; careful not to wake up anyone in the room. My brothers, Edward and Daniel, were sleeping soundly in their beds now. Daniel was the loudest snorer among the three of us. It was funny to watch his snores grew loud and soft and how his tummy would inflate and deflate to match the rhythm of his breaths. Edward, on the other hand, was quiet but he moves a lot in his bed. Sometimes, I see him sucking his thumbs in his sleep. I haven't told him about that yet but if I did, I bet his face will glow red like a plump tomato. The window was open so I could feel and smell the breeze as it hit my face once more. I looked up at the black sky and saw the stars shone like those pebbles I saw at the beach. There weren't many stars tonight so I tried to count as many as my eyes could see them. One… Two… Three… I saw three stars in my left. And five more in my right. They glittered and they were really beautiful. I stared down next to the streets. The streetlamps were opened, but it was empty and dead. The houses around us all had there lights off so I couldn't see who was still awake at this time of hour. I rested my chin and elbows on the window frame and sighed. How much longer will it take until daddy comes home? I counted the stars again and again as I waited. Finally I let out a huge yawn and rubbed my eyes. My arms grew heavier, and my head felt light and fuzzy. My body wanted to sleep so badly now but—no, I have to wait. Daddy promised me a bedtime story. He promised to read me the story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears and he said he'll do it tonight. And knowing my dad, he never breaks a promise. My eyes darted back on the streets, and at the far end I saw a small shadow approaching. My first thought was to wave and yell \"Daddy!\" but then my heart thumped in full alert. What if it wasn't daddy? What if it was somebody else? Looking at the shadow now, it was tall and lean and wobbling. I quickly ducked from the window, hoping against hopes that the shadow didn't notice me. I closed my eyes and held onto my knees. Then I began to think about the picnic. I didn't know how long I had my eyes closed but as soon as I heard the faint clicking of the door downstairs, I thought of daddy. He must be home, I said to myself aloud and that thought made me happy. I felt glad and relieved knowing daddy was home. I quickly stood up and grabbed the book lying on my bed. I walked down the stairs and it felt cold to my feet but I tried my best not to make any sound. The kitchen lights were open so he must be there. I peeked at the kitchen and I saw daddy with his head on the sink, the water gushing rapidly on the faucet. He made a choking sound and it made me nervous. \"Daddy?\" He straightened up and turned. His face looked tired and his eyes were red. Daddy must've been really working hard. \"Awake, sweetie?\" he said. His voice was soft but garbled. I nodded and approached him. I held my arms open, wanting a hug, and he bent down to return the gesture. He kissed my forehead. I love it every time he does that. \"Why aren't you sleeping?\" \"I wanted to wait for you.\" \"Really? For what?\" I showed him the book. \"You promised, right?\" His lips tucked and he bent his head in silence. Then he said, \"Some other time, sweetie. Daddy's tired and needs sleep.\" My heart sank. \"Tomorrow?\" \"Tomorrow,\" he combed my hair with his fingers then kissed my forehead again. \"I promise.\" I let out a slight smile then went back to my room. I slept soundly knowing daddy will read me the story of Goldilocks tomorrow night. He promised that. And daddy always keeps his promises. a/n: Well, that was kinda… short. Anyway, I had a real blast writing this story from a kid's perspective (aww… Rachel needs more hugs and loves and tributes just like his father). I'll be updating the next chapter soon enough so if you like it or find it interesting, the review button is just one click away. Much love and thanks.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN SHUTTER ISLAND (MOVIE/BOOK). I rest my case. II. War, Guns, and Names September 6, 1951 I was four years old and already I was very curious with the world around me, like who created the sun and skies, and the moon and stars; what do animals dream; when will a seed grow into a tree; where does all the water from the ocean come from; why do we laugh when we're happy and cry when we're sad. I tried asking my brothers if they knew the answers but they just shrugged, saying that I asked too much unanswerable questions. I tried asking mommy. She answered some of them but they were often confusing and weird. I remembered her saying that animals only dream of what they see around them, so if they see men with masks and guns and bombs, they'll be seeing them over and over again in their dreams. I tried asking daddy these same questions. Of all the people I approached, he was the one who stood differently because he'd usually answer them in the form of stories. Daddy loved stories. He said he liked puzzles, too, but stories fascinated him more. Edward and Daniel who were usually bored with stories came up to listen every time daddy told his tales in Dachau. He told us how he helped liberate the country from evil men in their uniforms. He told us how he battled together with his comrades-in-arms on gloomy barren fields and emerged, bloodied but victorious. Edward and Daniel were always in awe afterwards. They would cheer and praise and tell daddy that he is the best and bravest father anyone could have in the whole world. They also said that they'll be telling his stories to their classmates in school so as to impress them. Daddy's smiles grew wide listening to them. Then he'd start telling stories about his adventures in Maine, in Ardennes, and in St. Louis. \"What did you do with those bad men in Ardennes?\" Daniel asked eagerly. \"Locked 'em up the same thing in Dachau. Make sure none of those suckers ever come out to do bad stuffs again.\" \"Like cops?\" I asked. \"Yup,\" he nodded and took a sip from his flask. Whatever was inside it must be sweet because daddy carried it most of the time. \"A federal marshal cop to be exact.\" \"Cool!\" For a second, I considered becoming a cop and ditch becoming an actress when I grow up. \"But what if one of those suckers escapes?\" Edward asked next. He has a wild imagination which he probably got from watching too much cartoons and movies. And a wild imagination tends to leave wild questions in the head. \"What will you do, dad?\" \"I stop them.\" \"How?\" \"By force.\" I didn't get that last line from daddy but it seemed my brothers did. They were nodding their heads and saying \"ahh...\" in agreement. \"How do you feel doing that… force thing?\" I asked out of curiosity. He paused, seemed to be reconsidering the thought then said, \"I feel proud of myself because I know I'm doing my country a favor.\" \"Oh.\" I stopped for a moment, thinking, then, \"Daddy, how did you meet mommy?\" Daddy nearly choked his drink over that question. His face went pinkish as he looked at me. \"You want to know that ?\" \"Yup.\" My brothers groaned in unison. They think love stories should be avoided like the Plague. Daddy fisted his hand over his mouth, suppressing a giggle. When I saw the blush on his face disappeared, he began to speak. \"I met your mother one night at the Cocoanut Grove. There were lot of singing and dancing goin' around. I was with my friends before she came in,\" he cocked his head up, gazing at the clouds as they lazily sailed away in the horizon. \"I remembered seeing her on the front porch with a violet dress and, god, she was so beautiful.\" \"What'd you do then?\" \"We, ah, danced for a while. Then I took her out for a walk.\" I saw Daniel rolled his eyes and muttered the word \"boring\" under his breath. I elbowed him in annoyance. \"It didn't last long, though. She said she had to go home early so I escorted her to the cab. I asked her name on the way and before she left, she asked for mine. \" \"You told her?\" Daddy gave me one of his warm, bright grins and patted my hair. \"If I didn't, sweetie, you three wouldn't be here with me right now.\" I smiled. \"Sounds so much like what happened to Cinderella, daddy. But instead of a glass slipper, it was names.\" Daddy laughed. A heartily laugh I'd never heard from him before. a/n: Yet another short chapter updated. Anyway, I'd like to give special thanks to Voldemort's Spawn for the first review and support on this fic. Much love and kudos for you. And as for all you readers out there, thank you very much for sparing time in reading this. I'd love to hear your opinions on how this story is turning out so go ahead and share a review/ constructive criticism. Alright, I'm out. See yah guys on the next chappie.[Chapter 3] a/n: Whoa, this turned out shorter than I expected. Anyway, I decided to write a filler story (no relation to source materials means no spoilers ahead) starring the kids in one of their usual everyday activities. These guys deserve today's spotlight. Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN SHUTTER ISLAND (MOVIE/BOOK). I have my lawyer ready to testify that. III. Red September 19, 1951 It was a lazy Saturday afternoon and me and Edward and Daniel were at the kitchen table surrounded with lots of clean sheets of papers and pencils and crayons. Saturday is my favorite part of the week next to Sunday because I get to play with my brothers all day and sometimes mommy and daddy would take us out for a trip downtown. Daddy wasn't home today, though. He said he'll be back at eight or until he had his paperwork done in his office so we stayed in the house together with mom. Mommy was at the couch in the living room, watching television. She was watching two people talked and talked to each another and there were big bold words popping on top of their heads as they spoke. I tried to read the letters aloud from the screen: P-O-W... Mommy saw me before I could even finish it and she immediately gestured me to go play with my brothers instead. I left her and the television still flashing those words. I am almost done coloring my paper. I admit that my drawing was slightly messier compared to my brothers but I adore it. Daniel drew a gray-colored sky, a bright green tank surrounded by green soldiers, green grasses, blue birds, and a big waving flag of our mother country. He was almost done and he was smiling at his work. I looked at Edward's paper. He drew tall gray buildings and cars and airplanes of different colors. On the highest building, he drew a giant black gorilla holding a banana. \"There. I'm done.\" Daniel said, his smile growing wider. \"Me too.\" Edward followed. Daniel and Edward exchanged glances over their creations. \"Mine looks better.\" Daniel said. Edward didn't seem to approve. \"No, mine is.\" \"It is not.\" \"It is too.\" \"It's not.\" \"It's too.\" I stared at them and then continued finishing my paper. Afterwards I said, \"I'm done.\" Edward and Daniel stopped talking and looked at my paper. Daniel's eyes grew wide as he looked at the house and the tree and the family standing next to the house, smiling and holding their hands together. \"It's us!\" I added gleefully, pointing at the stick-figured people. \"This is daddy. This is mommy. This is you. This is Edward. And this is me—the short one.\" \"Why all red?\" Edward asked. There was curiosity in his voice. \"It looks bland. You should've made it more colorful.\" \"I like it this way.\" \"Don't you know what the color red means?\" Daniel asked me all of a sudden. He had this strange look in his eyes and I felt uncomfortable staring at it. \"What?\" \"Red means anger… war… fire… blood,\" he said. \"Lots of scary stuffs are colored in red. You shouldn't color all things like that.\" I looked at my drawing for a while. To be honest, I didn't find it scary or bland the way my brothers saw it. In fact, I like red. Red has been my favorite because I've seen many little things in that color that amazed me. Also this was how I imagined my drawing to be like once I finished it, and staring at it now, I felt a flush of satisfaction. Daniel was still looking at me. He seemed to be waiting for a reply. 'Don't you know what the color red means?' The question still lingered in my head. Yes I do, brother. I smiled at him. My mind was ready to speak. \"I drew it red because red is love.\" a/n: Now that wasn't so bad, was it? Gah! I gotta stop writing stories with too many symbolisms on it. Anyway, I'm almost on my way to the first turning point of the story so reviews are very much appreciated. Once again, thank you for reading and see you on the next update.[Chapter 4] a/n: Another freakishly short chapter updated. Anyway, I had this story loosely inspired from a short segment of the book. Kudos for anyone who can figure it out. Enjoy. Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN SHUT—ah, you get the picture. IV. Strangers in the Market November 22, 1951 Mommy said that Thanksgiving would be approaching soon so one time I asked her if I could come with her to the market to buy stuffs for the Thanksgiving dinner. She said it was okay but she warned me to always stay by her side, always hold her hand, and never, ever, EVER talk to strangers. We left at six o' clock sharp in the morning. She said it was best to leave early when the sun hasn't risen to its fullest to avoid getting squeezed and pushed by people before they flocked like cattle in the marketplace. I wore my favorite red skirt and shoes. Mommy wore her usual yellow dress with printed flowers all over it. Mommy looked so-so pretty in that dress and daddy always agree. He said he loved her so much and that her dress makes her look like the Greek goddess, Aphrodite. Mommy seemed to love it, too, because she wore that dress a lot of times even in the house. The marketplace, although was nothing sort of spectacular as many would say, surprisingly triggered my sense of wonder and curiosity. There were a lot of things to see, to hear, to smell, and to touch. I wanted to explore but mommy had her one hand tightly on my wrist, the other on the basket. I decided to let my eyes wander around. I spotted a young skinny boy selling oysters, clams, and shellfishes. His face was greased with sweat but I didn't mind; in fact, he looked kinda cute for his age. I also spotted a chubby woman selling stringed vegetables on my right. She smiled showing her teeth when she saw me looking at her and said, \"What a cute little child.\" I couldn't help but blushed. I wanted to tell her \"thank you\" but then I remembered what my mommy said so I kept my mouth shut. Mommy kept quiet even though she was greeted by many \"hellos\" and \"good mornings\" by the merchants in the marketplace. Mommy seemed reluctant to go to the poultry section to buy turkey. I could feel by the way she tightened her grip on my wrist. \"Maybe turkey isn't a good idea to serve this Thanksgiving, don't you think, honey?\" I shook my head. \" We really want turkey for the Thanksgiving, mommy.\" \"Oh. Okay.\" I noticed her face wrinkled as she nodded. We crossed the busy poultry aisle to buy turkey. The walkway was small and narrow, and the air around us was stingy on the throat. Mommy must've felt that, too, because her face quickly turned pale. On our way, I saw two big beefy men with aprons walking amongst the crowd. They had their backs on us but I could see they had buckets full of blood-soaked feathers on both of their hands. My hairs stood up violently looking at it but I resist the urge to scream. I didn't want to embarrass mommy in front of many people. Luckily, they disappeared, or perhaps blended in among the sea of vendors and customers. We walked some more and I saw men and women plucking the feathers out of their chickens and turkeys. They did it really, really fast. Looking at the fowls, I noticed how all their eyes and beaks were opened. I wanted to ask mommy why they looked like that but she seemed too distracted by the noises in her surrounding. One man raised his eyebrows upon seeing my mom. He was big and rugged and lean. He had a tattoo of a snake and a skull on his upper left arm and a toothpick dangling in his mouth. His apron was smeared with chicken blood. Judging by his looks, I'm pretty sure he was a butcher. \"Mornin' miss,\" he greeted. He dropped the cleaver on the chopping board and wiped his hands at the back of his apron. \"Beautiful day, ain't it?\" Mom looked at him… and the toothpick and the tattoo and the cleaver and the blood on his apron. She looked at him up and down. Up and down. Then I felt her hand trembled in my wrist. Mommy told daddy that she didn't buy any turkey that day so daddy was the one who rushed to the market to buy one. He looked irritated during our Thanksgiving dinner. a/n: So how was it? Yep, I admit, the pacing's kinda slow but do give that little girl, Rachel, a chance to tell her stories. Trust me; this may not look as innocent as the chapter progresses. I'd like to know your thoughts on how this is going so far so reviews are very much appreciated. As for those who reviewed or put this into their favorites (you know who you are), thank you very much. It's your support that fuels my imagination to finish this. Alright, see you on the next update.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN SHUTTER ISLAND (MOVIE/BOOK). I'm just borrowing the characters for a while and I promise I'll return them back just the way they are, insane and all. :) V. The Locked Door December 17, 1951 Mommy acted stranger and stranger as the days go by. Her shoulders slumped; her hair was always ruffled; and her eyes kept staring distantly into space. She rarely smiled and when she did, it was tight and restricted. When she walked, she did it slowly and sluggishly. When she talked, she did it low and halting. I thought she was sick but she said she was okay. Mommy never played with us anymore, and she never went out to the market as often as before. She only stayed in the house and she said it suits her just fine. Mommy seemed to lose interests in her usual activities, too. Every time I saw her cleaning, laundering, ironing, or cooking, her eyes were hollow and bland. Like a ghost. Daniel and Edward noticed it, too. They said that mommy looks and acts like a zombie nowadays. Mommy always had the television on every morning 'till late in the evening. It was always tuned on the same boring channel about these two people talking and talking to each other with words flashing on top of the screen. When snow finally hit our neighborhood, me and my brothers played at the streets together with the other neighborhood kids. We had a lot of fun throwing snowballs and building snowmen with each other. When mommy saw us playing one time with the neighbors, she became very upset with us. She forbade us to play with them anymore, saying that they could be Russian soldiers surveying our district. We woke up one snowy morning to find no breakfast served in the kitchen. It was a strange sight because mommy makes breakfast—usually its eggs, hams, and toast—every seven in the morning. We thought mommy was still sleeping in her room, probably tired from yesterday's chores so Daniel, always the stubborn and adventurous one, suggested that we go out and play with the other kids for the while. I shook my head in reply. I wanted to eat breakfast first before playing with them in the streets. \"C'mon, sis. We can still eat breakfast once she wakes up,\" Daniel said. \"But I'm hungry and I want to eat now,\" I said irritatingly. He may be older and taller than me but I'm not afraid of him. \"I want to wake up mom.\" \"But if you wake her up, she'll never let us play with the kids outside. We'll be stuck in the house with nothing fun to do.\" \"I want to eat! I want to eat now!\" I repeated. I could feel my stomach grumbling, begging. Daniel leered at me then looked at Edward. \"Okay, whose side are you on?\" Edward looked confused, but in the end he sided with Daniel. \"It's 2-against-1, sis,\" Daniel said. \"That's means we play and you wait. And don't you dare wake up mom now, understood?\" I didn't reply. Daniel saw how pointless it was to continue the argument so he and Edward rushed upstairs to change clothes. They came down wearing their favorite sweaters, scarves, gloves, and snow boots. \"See 'ya!\" Daniel said sarcastically and hurriedly went out from the wooden door and into the open air. Looking at them through the frosted window glass, I felt a sting of jealousy crept under my skin. My brothers never looked so happy and alive—like birds that had been caged for a very long time, now eager to flap and soar their wings. I sat on the chair and let my arms and chin rest over the kitchen table. Somehow deep inside, I really, really wished I said yes. The clock ticked at 9:30. I rocked my feet back and forth, all the while keeping my ears on high alert for any sound coming from the staircase. Nothing. I let out a deep sigh and looked again at my brothers from the window. They were at the far end of the street together with the other kids, busy building snow forts and cupping snowballs in their palms. My hand touched my tummy and it growled louder than I expected. To eat or to play? To eat or to— That's it! I'm going to wake up mom! I went upstairs. Fast. My parents' bedchamber was just adjacent to our room so it was easy to hear whatever noises coming from the inside. I expected to hear mommy's snores echoing from the room but there wasn't a slightest sound to hear but my own breath. I approached the door, my feet creaking on the wood. I held and turned the knob. It was locked. I knocked lightly and said, \"Mommy?\" No response. I tried again, perhaps a little louder. \"Mommy? Mommy?\" Again, no response. By the fifth turn and still the same result, my body went cold. Something is wrong. Terribly wrong. And I fear the worst for mom. I ran as fast as I could on the streets, not bothering if I was still in my pajamas. My fingers stung and my face felt like burning in the cold. My heart was beating wildly in my chest as if it was about to explode. But I didn't care. I was confused—too confused and scared—to even care about my well-being. In fact, all I could care about at this moment was to get help. Any help. \"Hey, what the—\" Daniel, who was busily discussing with his teammates about their next plan of attack, nearly screamed at me for stepping and ruining at his drawing on the snow if he didn't notice the tears and the chokes coming out from my face. One of the kids waved his hands and yelled, \"Seize fire! Seize fire!\" to the other fort and all of them stopped instantly to stare at me. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. Looking at me made him nervous, too. I struggled to say the words. \"M-m-mo-mo-mom… s-shee…\" My eyes and nose and throat hurt so much as I spoke. Daniel embraced me tightly to calm me down. \"What's wrong with mom?\" I cried over his warm shoulders. \"W-w-wo-won't get out… r-room… I'm s-s-scared… scared…\" The other kids slowly backed away, not wanting to get involved with our situation anymore. As for my brothers, they went completely dazed over the news. Never before had I felt this silence to be so frightening and painful. Despite my brothers' constant banging and yelling, \"MOM! OPEN THE DOOR!\" there was nothing—not even a slightest creak of sound—from the other side of the room to return our pleads. Daniel was angry now. Angry and hungry and tensed. He pounded his hands on the door so hard that it was already turning reddish. Edward stood behind him, his fingers unmoving. Despite the tension hanging heavily in the air, he was the one who kept his cool. \"MOM! I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE SO PLEASE OPEN THE DOOR! OPENTHEDOOR!\" \"Stop it,\" Edward said. \"If it didn't work the first time, why bother doing it again?\" Daniel stopped and looked at him. \"Then what'd you expect us to do? Wait and do nothing until dad comes home, is that it?\" \"I didn't say that,\" Edward shot back. \"It's just that… I've been thinking… what if—what if mom just went to the market or, or some place else and—\" \"Mom has all her shoes downstairs,\" his voice was rising and panicking. \"The streets are snowed and it's freezing outside. Do you possibly think she'll go out barefooted? She's here. And she's inside—\" he pointed accusingly at the door, demanding control over the situation which we were apparently losing. \"—this door. This shithole of a door!\" \"Watch your mouth!\" Edward snapped. \"Dad won't like that.\" \"You're not dad! Why do you even care?\" I don't like this… \"Shut up! You're not helping anything!\" \"No! You shut up! You're the one who's just standing there doing nothing!\" I really, really don't like this… \"Stupid!\" \"Idiot!\" Please. Stop… \"Pig!\" \"Jacka—\" \"STOP IT!\" I screamed so hard the words pierced my throat. I sulked in a corner with my head on my knees, and salty tears came running down my reddened cheeks. My brothers, who were the only ones I depended at this hour, were arguing and it pained me so much to watch them break each other apart. I felt so alone. Alone. Afraid. Helpless. In the darkness of my mind, I screamed frantically for daddy. I wished to have him by our side now so we could altogether help mommy. But… \"DAMN IT ALL!\" Finally, Daniel broke into tears. Edward bit his tongue, holding back his own, but followed shortly after. We cried and cried, and the thought that we couldn't even do anything to open the door made us feel worse. I tried imagining what daddy would say when he saw us like this. He'd probably be disappointed... He'd probably think we were weak... But no matter how hard we tried to stiffen up, we just couldn't do it. The situation was simply too much for anyone of us to handle. I never saw daddy cry. He said that crying only makes you less of a man. You don't cry your way to salvation, he once told us in his most soldier-ish tone. Swallow your wails! Heaven and hell won't open in your pity. As if they give a damn about you, either. Grown-ups rarely cry because they've, well, grown up. But we're not grown-ups. We're just kids. We're just babies. Still his babies. I didn't know how long I had been crying or I had been sitting in silence, but I guessed it was already past noon by the time the door clicked open. Mommy came out barefooted, her face airy and carefree. She smiled at us, almost bright and sunny opposite to the cold winter snow drizzling outside. \"Good morning,\" she said, slightly in singsong. \"My, you kids are early today. Hungry?\" We didn't say anything anymore. We simply rushed over to hug her. I hugged her as tight as I could because I missed her warmth. Mommy slowly caressed our hairs and hushed our tears. Then she said to us that she'd be making eggs, hams, and toast so we followed her to the kitchen. I couldn't help but stare at her wrists. Somehow, it made me wonder why and how mommy got dark scars over it. Few days past and mommy looked a little better than before, but she still did a lot of weird things, like cutting and collecting newspaper stories, humming the Duck-and-Cover song over and over again, and refusing to go outside even for a walk. I couldn't understand why she was doing this, but it started ever since daddy comes home very late from work and when he does get home, he always smells funny. a/n: Once again, thank you so much for reading! Though this might sound ridiculous, I did actually feel a bit sad while writing this chapter down. I don't know why but the characters just seem to speak for themselves and I'm left to write and type at their mercy. Weird, huh? I might be updating a little slower from now on, but I'd appreciate the reviews or constructive feedbacks you can give on this. After all, it's your reviews that keeps my creative juice alive and flowing. Much love and thanks. ","Summary":" a/n: I'm currently hooked in the fandom of Shutter Island (after being wowed by its awesomeness, bo"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Mad Love","Author":"Lobsters forever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5796430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Movie- Verse. This is rated 'T' at the moment, but will be moved up to 'M' later on. Set about 20 minutes into the movie. I hope you enjoy it. Please Review! Mad Love Chapter 1. Teddy Daniel's POV: Dr. Cawley scatters quickly down the stairs, as he speaks as calm as always \"I'm afraid I have evening rounds in the ward, but I'll be having drinks and a cigar at my house, around... 9.\" My partner Chuck and I slow down as we reach the bottom of the stairs. \"Good,\" I say, continuing \"We can talk then, right?\" Dr. Cawley smiles at my question. There was something so peculiar about that man... I could not put my finger on it. He mocks \"We have been talking, Marshal.\" I smile at his answer, realizing he is right. But still... that tone that he took, I did not like it. A smile creeps on his lips again and then he walks away from me, into the hard hitting rain. Chuck Aule's POV: What is that song? It is filling the air in the hallway but it is really beautiful. I look at Andrew... or at Teddy, as he calls himself. Such a good man. Such a shame. Teddy is listening to the melody as we wait for Dr. Cawley to call us in. Apparently, there is some new nurse he is interviewing. The door suddenly opens to the hallway and Teddy and I begin to move our feet, so that we can walk into the study. I watch Teddy walking, quicker than I, and I do that intentionally. I promised to take care of him. And I will always be two steps behind him, making sure that nothing bad happens. An attractive light haired woman dressed in a formal black v neck blouse and a black skirt steps out, bumping into Teddy Daniels. She blushes suddenly as she notices his badge. \"I am so sorry, Marshal.\" Teddy Daniels nods at her and continues to walk into the study, seeing Dr. Cawley near the entrance. I ask after him \"You okay, boss?\" But he doesn't answer. The woman sighs softly and whispers to me \"Please do not tell, Dr. Cawley. It's my first day...\" I smile at her and reply \"It will be our secret,\" and then I join Teddy and Dr. Cawley in the study. \"So, ugh.. she's the new nurse? Huh, Dr?\" Teddy Daniels chews down on his bottom lip, trying to distract himself from the music playing. Dr. Cawley chuckles at his question and asks \"So you noticed that she was attractive....Nurse Jennifer Brown?\" Teddy Daniels closes his eyes once and I place my hand on his shoulder, asking \"You okay, boss?\" He nods at me while Dr. Cawley speaks \"I assure you that she is quite qualified. Was a nurse during WWII. Her husband was the only patient she wasn't able to save though. Poor thing.\" Teddy Daniels eyes pop at the last statement and then he turns to me to say \"Have you ever seen her before, Chuck?\" I shake my head at him. It's times like this were I wish I didn't have to lie. If she would have treated me, I probably would have fallen for her. Hell, who wouldn't? I decide to change the subject, as I eye the room and I whistle. \"I gotta say, I think I got in the wrong line of public service.\" Teddy gives me a quick look, agreeing with me. Dr. Cawley begins to speak about his house but I watch Teddy... his face is stone cold. I wonder what he could be thinking about? Teddy Daniel's POV: I don't understand what the big deal is. Every man in this joint crowding around her like she was for sale. Yes, she was beautiful... but was she really that worth it. I've learned things the hard way. Love never is worth it. But I did miss her. Dolores. She was my everything. I needed to find Laeddis. I needed to- \"Would you look at that guy?\" Chuck asks me, elbowing my arm before he pokes at his food again for the hundredth time. He points to her. Nurse Jennifer Brown. What was so special about her? Every single man in the hospital was crowding around her table, hoping to have just a few seconds of talking to her. Chuck sneers and continues \"Poor woman. Just let her eat her dinner, you know?\" I nod at him and place a forkful of meatloaf into my mouth, chewing it. Chuck Aule was a good partner. I knew that I could trust him. \"So, how many patients are here on Shutter Island?\" I ask, during a break of my eating. Chuck shrugs his shoulders at me as I see Dr. Cawley walk into the dining hall. He was one of those guys that was modest. He had money but chose to eat with his staff. That was probably the only thing that I actually liked about the guy. \"Excuse me?\" A womanly voice asks from above us. I look up and see the woman of the hour. Well, what do you know? She's talking to the only two guys who don't want her. Well, at least I know I don't. Chuck wipes away crumbs from around his mouth as she speaks to me. \"I wanted to apologize, Marshal. You see, I didn't mean to bump into you like-\" \"Don't worry about it\" I say, interrupting her speech. It was just a small mistake... nothing else and yet she acted like she killed someone. My head begins to hurt at that. I start to rub my temples. I see her notice. \"Are you alright, Marshal Daniels?\" I nod at her. Damn, I nod a lot. \"Please, sit down.\" Chuck smiles at her. Maybe the bastard did like her. She smiles and sits down and I notice him blushing as he asks \"So, do you like it here?\" \"Well, I don't hate it. I think its going to be a great career move. I really enjoy helping people.\" Is it my imagination or did her eyes flick towards me when she said her last statement. \"You came to right place, Nurse Brown.\" I say, watching her every move. She moved rather slow for a nurse, as if she was calculating her every step. Chuck clears his throat ,before he says \"Anything to drink, Nurse?\" \"Some water is fine.\" \"No liquor? I saw some great looking-\" \"I don't drink...\" My eyes shot to hers.... how odd. Did many woman her age, not drink? I shook my head as my partner left the table, leaving me and about 50 pairs of male eyes, staring at me in jealousy. Dr. Cawley POV: Well, well, Andrew. You look happy. I look at him now, seeing a glitter of happiness in his eyes. Dr. Schein walks towards me now; Chuck, what an inventive imagination. \"You joined us, Dr.\" Yes, the obvious. Dr. Schein was always good at pointing that out. As he speaks to me, I find my eyes drifting over to the table where Andrew and Nurse Brown are sitting. They seem to be laughing. Had I ever seen that patient of mine laugh? \"I think we found another path, Marshal Chuck.\" Chuck's eyes drift to where I am looking to see Teddy Daniels get up and move to the other side of the table where Nurse Jennifer was sitting. Chuck asks, a hint of jealousy bellowing up within him. I could hear it, \"What do you mean, Dr?\" \"What if, a certain nurse... had a certain change on a certain dangerous of patient of ours?\" I turn to face Chuck who is watching the two laugh, once again. Laughing twice, Andrew? I really like this new nurse. \"How could she change him? She's just a nurse. We can't even change him.\" I chuckle and point to the two \"Look closely. If he falls in love with her, and he finds out who he really is... he might not regress again. He'll have something to live for.\" I smile at my plan. It was just marvelous. \"Great. But there is just one problem. We can't force her to pretend to love him. We shouldn't. It's not-\" \"But for money, Dr. People do almost anything.\" It was true. They did and she would. Chuck looks at me and sighs, before asking \"Just tell me what to do...\" and I stop him by putting my hand in the air. I then say \"Go get her some water. The rest, I'll think of tonight.\" Chuck runs off to go get a glass of water for Nurse Brown. Oh, Nurse Brown. It really was a great idea to hire you. Please Review. Thanks for reading![Chapter 2] Sorry for the wait- school, ugh. Please Review. Thank you. Chapter 2: Chuck Aule's POV: It was really interesting. Seeing him laugh like that. What the hell could be so funny? I placed the cup filled with ice cold water onto the table and asked \"What's giving you two the giggles?\" Both Nurse Brown and Teddy Daniels smiled at me as I sat down across from them. I continued \"I hope its not me.\" Nurse Brown's smile widened at my statement. She shook her head while Teddy explained, \"Jennifer and I were just talkin' about the food here.\" 'Jennifer?' He's already on a first name basis with her. Dr. Cawley will be pleased. Me, on the other hand, am not. I know that Dr. Cawley is the expert on the matters of the mind, but what about the heart? He cannot force her to love him and not all people did horrible things just for money. And what is she left him afterwards? He would become Teddy Daniels again and repress endlessly. No. I don't think this is a good idea at all. \"You have a lot on your mind, Chuck?\" Teddy asks me, no longer smiling. I shake my head and reply \"Just thinking about how horrible the food is. That's all.\" Teddy smirks at my comment and turns his attention to Nurse Brown as she begins to speak. Teddy Daniels' POV: \"You two are very lucky\" her eyebrows move up once before she continues, \"I'm stuck here. You two get to leave once you solve your case.\" My eyes quickly avert towards Chuck, who I know is thinking the same thing I am. But I am the first to ask \"So, today is your first day. Is that correct?\" She nods simply and takes a sip of her water. She smiles at Chuck right afterwards, in a thanking motion. I don't like that at all. I could feel my palms sweat as they exchanged glances. I clear my throat and continue \"So, you don't know who Rachel Solando is?\" She shakes her head at me while replying \"All I know is that she is a missing patient. Same thing as you two.\" I pick up my fork and start poking at the food. Chuck smirks at Jennifer, \"So, you know her back story? Dr. Cawley told you?\" She bites down on her bottom lip and her eyes stare into mine. She looks so...lost. As if... nervous. Note that, Teddy. Note that. \"Is something wrong, Nurse Brown?\" I ask, feeling slightly uncomfortable calling her Jennifer after that lost gaze. \"It's just that...\" she sighs and she stares wilfully upon my face before continuing, \"I really feel bad for her. I mean, I know it's wrong to feel that way. But I know how it feels to lose someone, someone you love terribly and I just can't help but feel so much empathy for her.\" Is it wrong that I could feel the pain in her voice, in my body? Dolorous. Jennifer had gone through something very similar to what I had. Her eyes developed tears and I just wanted to take her in my arms and tell her it would be alright. Even thought I knew it wouldn't. She closed her eyelids to stop the tears from flowing to her cheeks. And then I did something that I hadn't done for as long as I could remember. She dropped both her hands onto the wooden table and I took my left hand and placed it onto hers. I allowed my right hand to softly caress her cheek and I whispered \"It's going to alright... Shh.\" I could feel my heart beat in my ears as she looked at me with her small and curious eyes. For those few seconds....I am ashamed to admit, I had forgotten who Dolorous was. Dr. Cawley's POV: \"Please sit down, Nurse Brown.\" I had done what I said I would do. I figured out the most brilliant role play and then some. A few moments ago I called both 'Marshal Chuck' and Nurse Jennifer Brown into my office. I needed both of them to co-operate. Andrew's life depended on it. Nurse Jennifer Brown sits down on the couch in my office. Dr. Schien sits nexts to her.. a little too closely, I might add. I take out my pipe and nip at the end of it before starting my well rehearsed speech, \"I hope you both have become accompanied with the grounds.\" They nod at me and I lean softly against my oak desk, before continuing, \"Nurse Brown. I hate to admit that I hadn't informed you fully on your job duties.\" She looks up at me curiously and I could see why Andrew would fancy her so quickly. \"Well, what other duties do I have Dr. Cawley?\" \"As a nurse, nothing. As a favor... well, that's a whole different story.\" \"A favor?\" Her eyes widen before she asks, \"What type of favor exactly?\" I glance towards Dr. Schien and then ask, moving my eyes towards Nurse Brown again, \"What do you think of Marshal Daniels?\" \"Teddy?\" she asks innocently. I see her face light up and I smirk at that, letting her see my new reaction well. She gasps and mutters quickly \"It's not what you think, Dr. I have no intention on any romantic affiliation with him.\" She looks over at 'Chuck' and then back at me. I chuckle and whisper to her in a raspy tone \"You see, Nurse Brown... that's the problem.\" Her eyes widen and I take a puff of my pipe. I see Chuck look over to her with sorrowful eyes. Stupid Man... he really hates my plan. \"Everything you know about Teddy Daniels is going to change as of right now.\" I feel my voice shake as I continue \"Teddy Daniels is not a Marshal. He used to be. For the past two years, he has been a patient in this institution. His name is actually Andrew Laedias and he has created the persona of 'Teddy Daniels' to rid himself of the memories of killing his wife because she killed their three children.\" I stop there knowing that she is completely confused. She looks over at 'Chuck Aule' and he extends his hand while saying, \"I am Dr. Schien. I am only pretending... we are all pretending... to get Andrew to become his normal self once again. We are trying to help him face reality and Dr. Cawley needs your help... we all do.\" Good man. I take another puff from my pipe as Nurse Brown speaks \"Why was I not informed of this before?\" \"Before what?\" I ask her... testing her. \"Before you developed feelings for him?\" Her eyes widen and she shakes her head at me while speaking \"No. Before I was hired. And I do not have feelings for him.\" \"I think you do.\" I reply to her comment in the most mocking way possible. I lean off my desk and continue \"I need you to make him fall in love with you.\" She looks up at me and asks in a confused state, \"I'm sorry Dr. Cawley. But that was not part of the job description.\" \"Well now it is, my dear.\" I shrug at her and whisper \"I thought that maybe I should offer you more money to do this... but I've had a change of heart.\" I smile at her widely and continue \"You do this Jennifer and you keep your job. If you don't do this... your no longer working on Shutter Island.\" She shakes her head and turns her gaze to Dr. Schien \"Why me?\" He takes her hand in his but she moves her hand away in one swift movement. I laugh at this and answer the question for the other doctor in the room, \"Your a stong wo-\" \"You don't even know me!\" \"Oh yes, I do. I know women of your kind... I married one. Now, Nurse Brown.... this is strictly business... when Andrew realizes who he truly is, if you are with him.. he might not reset.\" \"Might?\" Dr. Schien asks me and I nod, sadly. \"So, what happens to me? My life?\" Nurse Brown asks me softly and then she continues \"I pretend to love a mental patient for a few months... keep my job and then what? Repeat the process forever?\" Dr. Schien gasps and replies to her question for me, \"I think I understand now. If you do this... Andrew may not need to spend the rest of his life here. He isn't dangerous to everyone... and if he becomes who he truly is... and faces reality... he can be let go. Back to Boston even and you won't have to worry about him and we wouldn't have to either. He would know that there is love out there for him.\" I smile widely and clap loudly, \"I couldn't have said it better my self, Dr.\" Nurse Brown looks down at the wooden floor and whispers \"What's my first step?\" Please Review. All the best![Chapter 3] Thanks for the reviews! Cheers! Chapter 3: Chuck Aule's POV: \"Good night, Jennifer\" I tipped my hat towards her slender frame and turned into the dormitories. \"What was that about?\" I heard Teddy's voice front in front of me and I looked into his eyes, stumbling. I gasped a little over dramatically and muttered \"Jeez, Boos. You scared me.\" Teddy's eyebrows raised at me suspiciously and I decided to continue talking, to help break the ice between me and him \"And what was what about?\" His lips formed into a small smirk and it was then that I realized that he was holding the 'rule of four' piece of paper in his left hand. I continued walking and Teddy pulled me back by my arm, asking me sharply \"What was that little meeting about?\" My eyebrows knitted... which meeting? The one between Dr. Cawley, Jennifer and I or the other one between Jennifer and I that was created to make him jealous. I guessed he was talking about the second but I decided to acted ignorant \"Cawley talked to us about the rules of Shutter Island...he said that you knew them already.. and that you were doing a fine job at keeping them...that's why he didn't bother to call you in.\" Teddy shook his head and let go my arm, before talking through gritted teeth \"You're supposed to be helping me solve this Solando case... not entertaining yourself with nurses.\" I let out a small snicker while taking off my dress shirt so that I could be comfortable for the night. I sat down on the bottom bunk bed, in the corner of the room, and said with a grin \"Boss, I didn't know you felt so strongly about her. I'm sorry.\" Teddy rolled his eyes at me and unbuttoned his shirt. When he talked next, you could tell it was serious... or he was at least trying to be serious, \"I don't feel anything for her, Chuck. I just like taking my job seriously and I can see that your not. I don't trust that in a partner.\" \"I'm sorry, Boss. Why is this job so important to you anyway?\" I asked him as I got under the covers of the tiny bed. The first thing I am going to do after this role play finishes is buy bigger beds for the workers here. I take out a cigarette as my 'Boss' climbs up the small ladder and gets into his bed. He really does not want to answer my question. \"We still are continuing this job, right? I mean... I never quit anything before.\" I looked at my cigarette as I said this. How ironic. Teddy pulls the covers over him, the light still on right above him. I sigh loudly and whisper \"Well, if it helps at all... all she could talk about was you .\" I smiled at no one in particular and I could feel Teddy move the covers above me. He suddenly closed the light and scoffed. The last thing I heard from him was \"good night, Chuck.\" and then he and I both drifted off to sleep. Hmm... I wonder what exactly he would dream about tonight? About the fake Laedias? His wife? The apartment in Boston? We'll see... I'll have to ask him in the morning. I wasn't going to lie... his dreams were sure as hell interesting. Horrible... but interesting. Teddy Daniels POV: There she was. My beautiful blond wife. Everything around us in our Boston apartment was coloured yellow like her beautiful hair and dress. She was holding a bottle of alcohol in her hands and mumbling something about it. I opened my mouth and something about me killing people in war came out. It's like I couldn't control myself. I stuttered as I reached out to touch her face but that's when something really strange happened. I felt a warm hand upon my shoulder and a soft voice from behind me that whispered \"Teddy... I'm here for you.\" I turned around to see Nurse Jennifer Brown standing there covered in blood. I gasped at the sight of her with the droplets of blood covering her soft features and her white nurse uniform. I could feel Dolorous' hand now resting on my left shoulder and she whispered \"Teddy, this place is going to be the end of you.\" Nurse Jennifer Brown smiled at me and cupped my cheek in her small hand. Dolorous spoke again from behind me \"She is going to be the end of you.\" I turned to Dolorous, whose full rib area was turning to black ash. I shook my head at her and whispered, while pulling her closer to me \"No... she won't be, baby.\" Dolorous nodded and it suddenly began raining in the room. Nurse Jennifer Brown stood directly behind me. I could feel her breath on my neck and as she whispered softly \"Teddy... I'm here for you.\" I shook my head and held Dolorous closer in my arms. I wanted my wife back. I needed her. She was my air. \"Rachel is still here, Teddy.\" Dolorous' words rang through my ears and I nodded, pulling her back into my stomach. I placed my hands upon her ribcage as a waterfall full of water began to drop down to her feet. I wanted to kiss her better... I wanted to kiss her alive . \"She's just bones in a box, Teddy.\" Jennifer's voice echoed loudly and suddenly Dolorous' body faded into nothing. The room around me began to grow flames but somehow neither Jennifer or myself were being engulfed by the fumes. I turned around to face Nurse Jennifer Brown who was now wearing the same yellow dress Dolorous just had. She touched my face softly and I slowly started to bring my hands upwards. She held my hands in hers, in an upward fashion, while she spoke in a mere whimper \"Andrew...\" That was when I woke up, terrified. My hands were in the same upward position, except that they were wet and not holding Jennifer's hands. I shook my head and looked up to see a hole in the roof. What a strange dream. \"There won't be a ferry in that shit,\" an orderly spoke from across the room. I sighed and looked down into my partners bed to see him... not there. I asked the orderly \"Hey... where's Chuck?\" The orderly shrugged his shoulders and answered back in a calm voice \"Said he was meeting with some nurse this morning for breakfast. He didn't want me to wake you.\" Nurse Jennifer Brown, huh? The orderly nodded.... had I said her name out loud. I rubbed my eyes.. I could have sworn I was thinking it. The orderly laughed and said \"You better hurry, Marshal.\" \"Hurry? For what?\" \"He's going to steal your girl.\" What was he talking about? My girl was dead. Lighting suddenly struck outside and I saw that the storm was getting worse. I got out of my bed and put on my dress shirt from last night, as I heard a voice from behind me call out \"Your awake, Boss.\" Chuck had a huge smile across his face. Had he already managed to seduce her? My head stung with pain. Damn these headaches! \"Yes, I'm awake... now, are we going to solve this thing or what?\" I was beginning to lose my patience with this man. At first, I liked him... but now, did I really think he was trust worthy? Not really... to be honest. \"First, I want to talk to you about something....\" he said that strangely, as if he were a shrink or something. I nodded, putting on my tie. Chuck continued \"You see... Jennifer and I-\" I cut him off \"-not interested.\" Chuck looked at me baffled and continued \"But-\" \"Chuck... do you really think I care about what you got going on between you two? I came here to solve a case. Now, I thought you did too... but as it turns out, I think you've forgotten all about Rachel Salondo-\" \"Boss,\" Chuck stiffened and then continued in a strict tone, \"Jennifer and I found Rachel... this morning, by the cliffs.\" This was one of those moments in life that just blew your mind. I nodded at him, and placed my hand on his shoulder, while muttering \"I'm sorry, Chuck. It's just that-\" \"It's okay, Boss.\" He took my hat off the hat stand and passed it to me while saying \"Nothing is going on between Jennifer and I. I could never do that to you. I respect you too much.\" To me? What the hell was he talking about? Why did everyone one this island think that I liked her? I mean... so what if I flirted... every man did that with a beautiful woman sometimes. I decided to stand up for myself \"Chuck, I told you that I don't think of her that way.\" \"That's right.. you just dream of her that way.\" I froze and he continued \"You talk in your sleep, Boss.\" And I froze again. Please Review! The next part will finally have some real Teddy/Jennifer interaction. Thank you![Chapter 4] Thank you for the reviews! All the best! Chapter 4: Chuck Aule's POV: Teddy didn't wanted to discuss his dream of Jennifer to me. To be quite honest, I wouldn't have had either. Dreams were too personal and he and I had 'just' met. So, I decided to give him some time and drop the subject of Jennifer. I led him towards Rachel Solando's room in a quiet fashion, only talking about the horrible storm outside and other such nonsense. He was very quiet. I could tell he had a lot on his mind. \"Who are these men?\" The nurse disguised as Rachel asked Cawley about Teddy and myself. I felt so sad at how brilliant her acting was, she belonged in movies or something. I looked over Teddy as Dr. Cawley talked. He was having one of those goddamn headaches again.. I could tell, he was blinking his eyes too quickly. And then the door opened to the room. \"Who is she?\" Rachel asked of Nurse Jennifer Brown, who walked into the room carrying a tray of food. I looked over at Teddy, who was concentrating on anything but the new nurse present. What the hell happened in that dream of his? Now, I was dying to find out. Nurse Jennifer Brown brought the tray over to Rachel, holding it in front of her while saying \"I am here to sell prepared meals. Would you like one, Mrs. Solando?\" Rachel nodded, absentmindly and spoke softly \"Yes, that way I could spend more time with the children.\" Nurse Jennifer Brown nodded and placed the tray in front of Rachel with a sad look on her face. They both were following strict orders and doing a hell of a job at them. But the more I think about it, I realize... won't this hurt Andrew more? Hiring someone to love him? Well, he'll just never have to figure that part of. Teddy Daniels' POV: \"Mrs Solando... do you think you could tell us what you were doing yesterday?\" I asked the question like I couldn't believe it. This poor woman was probably going to tell us about how she went to a bar and danced the night away with her husband. She nodded at me and told us that she made breakfast for her husband and the kids and then how she went for a swim in the lake. I sighed deeply as she paused. Nurse Jennifer Brown walked towards me and Dr. Cawley stopped her by saying \"Not yet, Jennifer.\" And she nodded. Wow, he was being really strict to her. Note that Teddy... well, maybe it was just because she was new. Rachel continued \"And then... I thought of you.\" My eyes widened. She thought of me? I looked over at Chuck who was shrugging. Rachel got up from her bed, tears starting to form in her black eyes as she muttered \"I missed you, Jim.\" Oh... she thought I was her husband. She opened her arms, as if to hug me... but she hit me hard, across the face. It was a really long time since a woman had slapped me... but this one really stung. \"Why would you do that to me, Jim?\" \"What did I do?\" Was I seriously playing along? \"You fucked her\"! Rachel pointed to Jennifer and I just couldn't believe my ears. Even a goddamn insane mental patient thought something was going on between me and her! I looked over at Dr. Cawley whose eyes were very wide. Jennifer looked down at the ground, as if about to cry... what was wrong? It was just a crazy person talking. Chuck saw the pain in Jennifer's face and he reached out to her, pulling her in for an embrace. I knew the bastard liked her. I could see it in his face.. and for a few seconds, I just watched him embrace her. Rachel began screaming at me, pushing her way through the Orderlies to hurt me... and my head began to hurt again. My eyes closed and my cheeks swelled and soon I began to feel very tipsy. My whole world had blurred. I ran out of the room as fast as I could, following Dr. Cawley into his office. I sat down on one of the couches as Nurse Jennifer Brown and Chuck walked in, arm in arm. \"My head...\" I muttered softly and Chuck ran to my aid. Nurse Jennifer Brown ran to the closest sink and dipped a hankerchief she had in her uniform in the running water. She then ran towards me, sitting beside me on the small couch. She held the compress to my head, smiling. I couldn't understand what she was smiling about? But she did have a pretty smile. Another hit of my pain hit my skull... I could feel it all the way into my ears. Dr. Cawley came to me with a pill and said \"Marshal, take the pill.\" I shook my head... I didn't want it. I felt so weak... even with Chuck holding me up, on the couch, by the shoulders. I couldn't take the pain anymore.. but I didn't want that pill. \"Marshal, if you don't take the pill-\" \"Leave him to me,\" Jennifer whispered as she patted my head with the wet hankerchief. I turned my head towards her and looked into her eyes, as she continued \"Please, Dr. Cawley. I'll take care of him.\" I looked towards Cawley to see him soften the lights in the room, near the exit way. Chuck just stood in front of me... as if waiting to be dismissed. Dr. Cawley said loudly \"Marshal Aule... are you alright?\" Chuck looked at me curiously and then bent down towards Jennifer ear and whispered something. I didn't like that. Why couldn't he have said... whatever he had said... out loud? Jennifer nodded and Chuck and Calwey both left the office in slow and long paces. Or maybe that's just how I felt it was... since my head was pounding like a hammer. Jennifer grabbed me by my shoulders and spoke softly \"Marshal, can you lay down for me?\" I nodded my head slowly as I spread my body onto the couch, my legs slightly hanging off the side. Jennifer took the hankerchief to the sink and wet it once again. I closed my eyes and could hear her steps, as she walked towards me. \"Thank you.\" I spoke softly... clearing my throat in the process. I heard her chuckle lightly, as she placed the cloth over my eyes and forehead. \"Marshal?\" she asked and I didn't respond. My head was feeling slightly better... and this was all from water and cloth... I didn't need any pill. Jennifer knew that, somehow. I felt small hands on my shoulders, softly, building up to a more tougher rub. I felt like I was in heaven... her hands felt amazing. It had been years since I had gotten a massage. The last one I had gotten was from.... I jumped upwards, smacking her hands away from my body. I wasn't here for this... wait, what was I here for anymore? Rachel Solando was found. I have no more duty... just to find Laedis. Jennifer sat down on the couch beside me and whispered \"Marshal, are you feeling better?\" The truth? Not really. My head was still bugging me... and my eyes, they desperately needed to close. But they couldn't... they wanted to stay open; they wanted to see Jennifer Brown. I shook my head slightly and leaned back, not realizing that she had down beside me, and my body fell into her lap. She chuckled softly and I couldn't help but laugh also. She took the cloth and placed it over my eyes while saying \"You know... there was something years ago, that I was taught by my grandmother to get rid of headaches... would you like me to try it on you?\" \"Sure. Why not? It can't get any goddamn worse.\" I felt her hands on my forehead, just then. She rubbed my temples in a circular motion and I could the blood circulate in my head. It felt so much better...I couldn't believe it. Something that easy, and the pain went away... and so quickly. \"Feel better?\" she asked me but I didn't say anything. Her hands had found their way to my neck, and she rubbed there... roughly at first but now it was at a gentle pace. It felt so good, I didn't want her to stop. I reached up and took the cloth off my eyes so I could look at her. She was so beautiful... and I soon began to wonder how it would feel to touch her . \"Teddy, she is going to be the end of you.\" Her words rang in my head. What did they mean and how could she be the end of me... she was helping me, wasn't she? \"Teddy...\" Jennifer asked, \"are you feeling better?\" This time I nodded. I didn't want her to touch me anymore. I felt disgusted at myself, as if I had cheated on Dolorous. So, I moved up and got off the couch. I cleared my throat and said \"Thank you.\" And she smiled at me. She really did have a beautiful smile. \"Dr. Cawley thinks that a pill can solve anything. But I don't.\" \"And why is that exactly?\" \"Because pain comes from the mind. The pill can act as a placebo... meaning that if-\" \"-if you think something will help you, it will.\" \"Exactly.\" Nurse Jennifer Brown walked towards me and whispered \"I feel horrible for Rachel Solando... poor woman is not living in the real world.\" \"Well, maybe that's what she deserves. She did kill her kids, you know?\" For a second, I thought my headache was back, but I shook my head and the pain drifted away. \"I think everyone has a right to forgive themselves, don't you?\" She asked me that question with soft eyes. I just stared at her.. watching the way she moved around the room. There was something about her... something... so honest. \"I'm sorry about your wife, Teddy.\" That caught my attention and I snapped out my trance. How the hell did she know? Oh. Chuck. What had she called me in my dream... Andrew... that's right. Maybe she knew Laedis somehow. \"Do you know a patient named Andrew Laedis?\" Her eyes widened and she shook her head quickly. She looked down at the ground, as if wanting to cry again. But this time there was no Chuck to comfort her... only me. So I grabbed at her hand and held it softly, whispering \"Hey... what's the matter?\" She looked into my eyes and replied \"I miss my husband too.\" I could see the tears form in her eyes and I immediately felt a tingle in my heart. This woman had gone through something very similar to me and all I wanted to do was comfort her. But I didn't know how... no one had comforted me. She wipped the tears from her eyes and whispered \"Everything happens for a reason.\" I nodded... yeah, maybe it did. Please Review! Thank you![Chapter 5] Thanks for reviewing. Chapter 5 Teddy Daniels POV: \"So,\" I took a puff of my cigarette and continued \"you are now my own personal nurse.\" My eyes crossed as I turned to look at Jennifer with a smirk on my face. She nodded slowly and explained \"I do have other patients, Marshal but yes, if you need me. I'll be here.\" I chuckled, \"Well, of course you will. There isn't a goddamn way to get off this island, in this storm.\" My fingers flicked at the window as buckets of rain drowned the landscape outside. She chuckled at this and agreed by saying \"Well, its not like you're bad company, Teddy.\" She was standing beside me then, in the long hallway. She wasn't bad company either but I couldn't tell her that. Something was really off about her. I could tell and until I figured it out, I wasn't going to display any type of affection towards her. Affection? Did I feel... some type... of affection towards her? \"Boss?\" Chuck's voice interrupted my thoughts. Jennifer and I both turned around as he continued speaking \"I'm glad you're feeling better.\" I tipped my hat slightly and spoke through a small smile \"Yes, this one over here helped me out.\" Chuck's eyes shot to Jennifer's and hers to his, as well. I turned to look at the window once more, only to see Dr. Cawley watching us from the corner of the hallway. I smirked. That man really thought that everything was his business. Chuck was saying something to Jennifer when I turned back around... but I couldn't quite make it out. My head was still hurting me. \"Jennifer, do you think you could give me one of those rubs again? My head-\" \"Of course.\" I smiled at her in thanks. Jennifer walked towards the wooden bench behind us and Chuck stopped me by grabbing at my arm. He whispered softly \"Her hands do feel nice... don't they?\" He had a taunting smile on his lips and I didn't like it one bit. I shook his hand off my arm and spoke in a slow manner \"My head really does hurt.\" It did. I swear that it did. \"Sure.\" He spoke in a laugh, completely sarcastic and definitely not believing me. I sat down on the bench and crouched forward under Nurse Jennifer's orders. I took off my hat and then her hands rubbed my temples. She whispered softly, \"For how long have you had these migraines? They don't seem very healthy to me.\" \"For as long as I can remember.\" \"And how longs that?\" Dr. Cawley walked towards us, while asking. Every time this man asked me a question I felt like I was being interrogated. I didn't want to answer him so I just sat with my eyes closed, as Jennifer moved her hands along my forehead and shoulders and.... her hands did feel nice. So nice. I opened my eyes, as she asked \"Better?\" My head ache was gone again. I swear that it could be magic. At that moment, her hand fell to my own and she brushed her fingers through my palm. I didn't want to say anything. It was one of those moments in life where silence was all that needed. \"Who wants lunch?\" Chuck asked suddenly and I snapped out of my trance. Dr. Cawley gave Chuck a horrible look and nodded \"Yes...lunch does sound like a good idea. Nurse, Marshal, why don't you to go on? Marshal Aule and I will be there in a moment.\" I shrugged my shoulders as I placed my hat back on my head. Lunch did seem like a good idea, I was starving. Chuck Aule POV: Okay, okay. Enough already. I wanted to raise my voice at Dr. Cawley who kept blabbing on how I disrupted a 'moment' between the two. I did. It wasn't on accident either. I didn't agree with this method at all. All I could think about was 'Poor Andrew', if ever found out. And then there was Jennifer... she didn't deserve this fate either... she was amazing. She deserved much better. \"Are you even listening to a word I am saying, Dr?\" Cawley's eyes were fixated upon mine. Yes, I was... unfortunately. \"Why did you do that? You know that she was making progr-\" \"Progress, Dr? I'm sorry but I wouldn't call a 'stare' progress. I've had more moments with her than he has... and that's really sad.\" Dr. Cawley walked in to the cafeteria and he spoke bitterly to me, while trying to keep a smile plastered on his face, \"She has to move slowly. Andrew is not someone we can rush into feeling anything.\" I rolled my eyes at that. This was so wrong. You shouldn't have to force anyone into feeling anything for someone else. It should just come natural. Dr. Cawley pointed to the two 'lovers' who were laughing... god, it made my heart sick. \"Let them be for a few moments and if there is a silence, go and join them.\" I nodded as Dr. Cawley left towards the kitchen to grab two trays. Dr. Cawley was going out of his mind. The original plan would have probably worked but now this 'updated' plan, was something that was going to hurt more than one person in the end. My stomach turned over at the sight of Jennifer leaning in towards Andrew....did she actually feel something for him? No, it was impossible. I really needed to stop this... somehow. Teddy Daniels POV: \"You're crazy...\" I chuckled, as she told me the end of a story from her previous life. She placed a finger to her lips and spoke lightly \"Shh... don't tell anyone. They'll lock me up in Ward C.\" I smirked at her and replied \"Well, you might deserve it for what you did.\" Of course, she didn't. She had just told me about her drinking days and how she once drank two tequila bottles in 15 minutes. Not even I, who has had some dark drinking days, could surpass that. I looked over my right shoulder to see Chuck staring at the two of us. He and Cawley had just come in and he looked upset. I turned my head back to Jennifer who was eating a piece of her apple pie. \"Say, Jennifer...\" I grabbed my fork and took a bite of her applie pie and then continued, \"what is going on between you and Chuck?\" Jennifer smiled and took a drink from her water glass. She looked me in the eyes and responded in a taunting tone, \"Does it matter?\" I shook my head slowly while replying \"It's just that... he keeps staring at us. Maybe he wants to be alone with you or something.\" Jennifer's eyebrows shot up and she asked inquisitively \"Why would he want to be alone with me?\" \"Don't act stupid.\" Wow, I was surprised at my blunt comment. But it was the truth and that's all I wanted... the truth. She sighed and whispered \"Chuck is a great man. But there is nothing 'romantic' happening between us.\" She paused and pushed at my shoulder lightly, \"No need to be jealous.\" Jealous? Wow, this nurse was being blunt too. I kind of liked that. But I wasn't jealous. I just like to know these things. \"I'm going to warn you...\" I spoke softly, feeling the urge to move away from her. She is going to be the end of you, Teddy. I muttered softly, out loud \"She is.\" \"Who is what?\" Jennifer asked and my eyes snapped to hers. I whispered \"I'm sorry...\" before starting to get up. Even though I had my back turned to her, I knew that she was left speechless by my actions. Who wouldn't have? I was acting crazy.... Thanks for Reading. Please Review! ","Summary":" Movie- Verse. This is rated 'T' at the moment, but will be moved up to 'M' later on. Set about 20 m"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Jane's secret!","Author":"ariel001","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5953636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FLASHBACK [Jane is lying in bed, thinking] I know this must sound horrible but I am not going to Tess's wedding. Kevin is bound to be there and I can not face such an inconsiderate, cynical, asshole. So first he accuses me of being in love with George, my boss and tess's fiancé (which was true but embarrising to admit, and to Kevin of all people) Then he seduces me and three weeks later I am peeing on a little stick. Yes that's right Kevin Doyle got me pregnant, and I havn't seen him since. I found out three weeks ago and I just don't think I can see him. He would stir up these retarted feelings I can't seem to suppress, and for what so I can tell him I'm pregnant and have to live with him in my life for at least the next eighteen years. I don't think so I would rather raise this child alone, than with someone I despise as much as Kevin Freakin' Doyle. Today I am getting my 6th month check up at my Obgyn. I have actually become excited at the prospect of being a mother. Sure I'll be single mother, but I am a strong, independent woman. Hey I may even become a feminist. Nobody wants to date a single mother of twins anyway. Oh ya , I am having twins, one boy and one girl. My dad, Tess, George, and it seems like everyone else on the face of this planet keep reminding me that \"a boy needs a dad or at least a father figure\" I would rather die than hear that statement one more time. So here I am waiting for my name to be called sitting next to the gushiest, most in love couple I have ever seen in my life. Luckily my name was just called, no wait false alarm, they need me to fill out a form of \" my child's father's family health history\". I could shoot myself right now and 'oh no Miss I have the best husband in the world just said \"HI\"' . Woman: Hey I'm Steph I couldn't help but overhear ,are you that woman with all the bridesmaid dresses from that article in the paper a few months back. Jane: [thinking oh shit! I cant believe I am still known as the woman with all the bridesmaid dresses] Yah, I'm Jane it's nice to meet you Steph. When are you due? Steph: oh matthew and I are having our little girl in three months. How about you? Jane: Me too! I mean I am due in three months too, but I'm having twins, a girl and a boy Steph: oh my god, Congratulations, you and your husband must be so proud!! Jane: Well I don't have a husband, or a boyfriend for that matter. Steph: Well I'm sure you will do a great job. We have got to get together for playdates after the babies are born. Matthew could even be the fatherfigure for your two. You know children need a fatherfigure, especially boys. What is your son going too do? Jane: There it is again the saying that makes me want to kill the speaker. \" my son will do quite fine so leave me and my children in peace\" Yes I went there, but I have had enough of these people judging me. Everyone has an opinion on how I should raise MY children. THEY ARE NOT EVEN BORN YET!! AYE CARAMBA!!!!!! CHAPTER TWO. My appointment from hell was yesterday. Today I am having breakfast with Tess, George and my dad at Dad's house. [this should go well] Dad: Oh hey jane. How are you and my grandkids? Come in. come in. Tess and George just arrived. Jane: dad I guess they are fine they are yet to be born remember? [wow it 's amazing how cynical I have become. Must be a Kevin trait. Hopefully it will go away once the babies are born.] Tess: janey how are you? I just can't wait to become an aunt, how exciting!!!! George and I want to help with everything, you being a single parent and all. George: [cutting Tess off] Jane I really think you should tell Kevin. He really is a great guy and would love to help out in anyway he can with these kids… Jane: I DIDN'T COME HERE FOR AN INTERVENTION!!! Stop treating me like a child, I am a grown woman who can make her own decisions. I DON'T WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH KEVIN DOYLE. For all record the babies in my womb are MINE not kevins. He is the asshole of this situation. I was hurt, and I am not subjecting myself to this pain again. Now if you don't mind I am taking these pancakes to go and going home!!! BYE [JANE LEAVES IN TEARS, CALLS A CAB] JANE: I got home so teary I could not even see more than two feet ahead of me. I plopped onto my bed and watched \"full house\" Hey I know it sounds corny, but Danny raises his girls without their mother. If he can do it so can i!!!! Before you say anything I know it is a television show, but this is the only way to keep my sanity. [phone rings] Jane: Hello? Kasey: hey Jane!! Omg guess who I say today!! ….. KEVIN DOYLE, YOUR BABY DADDY!!! Jane: Kasey, would you quite calling him that. These are my children, not his. Kasey: [cutting Jane off] NO JANE YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND, HE RECOGNIZED ME AND WOULDN'T SHUT UP THE WHOLE TIME. I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE ALL HE WANTED TO KNOW WAS \"HOW'S Jane, TELL HER I'M SORRY AND THAT I LOVE HER, … Jane: if he loved me so much than he wouldn't have written that hellish article. He is a freakin' ass, he could have called… Kasey: Jane you won't take or return his calls and blocked his phone number. Your doorman is even under strict order , from you I'm guessing, to ask you before letting any men up to see you!! This is ridiculus!! Give Kevin a Break. Jane: I can't !!! Chapter 3 : here they come!! The last two months have gone the same. Everyone still thinks Kevin should know, and I still ignore all evidence of Kevin's existence. I even told my OB to \" suck it\" He told me that I NEEDED TO GET THE INFO FILLED OUT ON MY BABY DADDY. He was so persistant I had to tell him that i didn't know his name. After that he finally shut up. Ps he forgave me for telling him to \"suck it\" He wrote it off as pregnancy hormones. Jane: [Walking around Central Park looking from some peace and tranquility] SHIT!! HOLY SHIT!!!! [JANE CRIPPLES OVER IN PAIN, HER WATER HAS JUST BROKEN] BYSTANTERS CALLED 911 AND BEFORE SHE KNEW IT JANE WAS IN THE HOSPITAL PREPARING FOR HER C-SECTION. George, Kasey, Tess, and her dad had just arrived. Jane had left strict orders to only let Tess into the delivery room. This had been decided months ago, before all of them had teamed up against her and decieded that her babies needed a father. Three hours after her water initially broke Jane gave birth to her first child, her son. Ten minutes later her daughter was born. Eventhough they were born almost a month early, both were perfectly healthy. Jane named them: Noah Matthew Doyle 6lbs. 9oz. Alexis Marie Doyle 6lbs. 4oz. Everyone was surprised that she used Kevin's surname on Noah and Alexis's birth certificates. [Three days after their birth Alexis and Noah arrived home with Jane.] Kevin's POV I was filling in for one of my co workers, who were getting married tonight. He had the worst job on the planet, taking calls on birth announcements, for Sunday's paper. Just when I thought I was going to shoot myself I got yet another call….. Kevin: Hello, Malcolm from birth announcements speaking, how many I help you? Tess: Kevin?! Kevin: sorry, but its Malcolm Tess: cut the crap I know its you Kevin Doyle. Kevin: who are you? How do you know me? Tess: its Tess, Jane's sister. Oh maybe you don't remember…BRIDEZILLA!! Kevin: Tess, I'm sorry, you really are relatively nice. Tess: SHUT UP KEVIN!! I AM ONLY ON THE LINE TO ANNOUNCE THE BIRTH OF MY NIECE AND NEPHEW? Kevin: wait, its only you and Jane right? This neice and nephew of yours are Jane's Tess; God !! Yes these children are Jane's and I really cant stand talking to you. DO you have a pen and paper? Kevin: [oh my god I guess she really had moved on . I cant melive I have lost my chance with my only true love, JANE!!!] Wait Tess, what did you say their names were? Tess: Shit Kevin!! Would it kill you to listen? Their names are Noah Matthew Doyle and Alexis Marie Doyle. They were born three days ago. Can I go know? [tess hangs up] Kevin: DOYLE!! HOLY SHIT!! PlEASE REVIEW!! I AM DYING TO KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK. PARTS ARE KIND OF RETARTED I KNOW. LIKE FULL HOUSE, BUT THAT WAS THE ONLY SHOW WITH A SINGLE PARENT THAT IMMEDIATELY CAME TO MIND! Thanks for reading and please review, review, review!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Ariel ps. i havn't decided if this is a oneshot or if i should continue? i am willing to keep writing, but only if i get reviews and if they are positive.[Chapter 2] Chapter 4 ( I think) Kevin P.O.V. This isn't possible. Doyle….. they must be mine …right? I don't know what to , SHIT, SHIT! Should I can Jane? HOLY GOD, she might just kill me! Besides if she wanted me around she would have asked. Thinking: (just go to sleep Kevin.) HOW CAN SLEEP WHEN I MIGHT BE A FATHER? THAT'S IT ….. I'M GOING. RIGHT NOW. HELL- NEWBORNS ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO SLEEP ANYWAY! Kevin hails a cap and tells the driver jane's address. It is two in the morning. Kevin has just arrived at Jane's apartment. Kevin: here goes nothing! Arrives at jane's door. Knocks. George answers- ragged….looks like the living dead. Holding Alexis Kevin: George…. What are u doing here? (Hushed tones.) George: ssshhhh O my God! THANK YOU SO MUCH, KEVIN…..COME IN COME IN. Kevin: Am I missing something I thought u married Tess? George: I did but Jane needed my help and I love her, like a beloved sister, Tess would never go and the neighbors were beginning to complain about Lexi and Noah. Apparently the walls are thin. ….Anyway I am igzosted and I'm so glad Jane filled told u about the twins. Kevin: Ya…. Well….. Umm this must be Alexis in your arms. She looks so cute in her pink pajamas. George: yupp… This is Lexi. She sleeps most the day, but never much of the night. Jane and I however are on the opposite sleeping patterns. Here u take her. I need some sleep Kevin: I don't know what to do Kevin. She doesn't know me. What is she cries or pukes or needs a diaper change? George: rock her. Use baby wipes, there is a burp rag on the arm of that chair. Overall you're her father. She will know that. She is a newborn after all. I going home though. OK? Kevin: Sure? What about Noah and Jane? George: Jane is asleep. It will be better for all of us, especially you , if she stays that way until about 9 am. Noah will wake up around 5. give him a bottle. Lexi just ate. Again just rock them. They will love you! Alright, well I don't have the patience to go on. I am supposed to be babysitting. Anyway, I will write in the summer! I still have 2 ½ weeks of school left! Review,review, review …..i wont continue unless I get 5 new reviews. Ps I don't care if they are from the same couple of people. -Ariel[Chapter 3] Jane's POV: (Jane is just waking up….she reluctantly opens her eyes) Jane: ahhh (yawns) another day….(looks at alarm clock) shit George must be dead tired. I wonder why he didn't wake me earlier…( thinks: I mean George is a nice guy but he would not stay till noon…at his sister in law's house.) Oh MY GOD something must be wrong…. (jumps out of bed and run into the living room) (eyes popping clear out of her head.. Jane sees something that could never be true) Kevin is asleep in the rocking chair…his feet on the matching rocking ottoman with Lexi in the nook of his left arm and Noah in the nook of his right arm. The three loves of Jane's life are all sound asleep in front of her. As much as she yearns to speak with Kevin she knows that if he did indeed spend his night looking after Noah and Alexis then he NEEDS his sleep. It is now 12:45PM and Alexis Marie Doyle is slowly awakening for her next feeding. She begins to fuss and seconds later Jane is scooping Lexi into a gentle cradle hold against her chest. But Jane is not fast enough as Lexi has managed to wake her father and her brother Noah is beginning to stir. As Kevin opens his eyes he sees the woman who has not left his dreams let alone his daily thoughts since she ran out on him, over a year and a half ago. Kevin: Jane? Jane… Jane: Kevin. Kevin: No Jane….Let Me! I AM SO SO SO SORRY! But how could you not tell me that I am a father. I missed the birth of my two children….Hell I found out I had two children only 36 hours ago…. Jane: (interrupts Kevin) How would you even know that they are yours? And what makes you want to be part of MY children's lives now? Kevin: HELLO JANE…BUT YOU WOULDN'T ANSWER MY CALLS, MY MESSAGES. YOU AVOIDED ME AT ALL COSTS! I WOULD HAVE BEEN THERE FOR YOU , JANE…I LOVE YOU AND I ALWAYS HAVE AND I WAS A COMPLETE AND OUTRIGHT ASSHOLE TO TREAT WRITE THAT ARTICLE….I SHOULD HAVE TRIED HARDER TO GET AHOLD OF YOU…I AM SO SORRY AND NOW LOOKING AT NOAH MATTHEW AND ALEXIS MARIE I REGRET EVERYTHING I HAVE DONE…I CAN'T BELIEVE MY OWN STUPIDITY!...AND …AND….AND… Jane: Kevin, Do you really mean everything that you just said? Kevin: OF COURSE I DO! I WOULD NEVER LIE NOR DO ANYTHING TO HURT YOU EVER AGAIN…AFTER ALL YOU JANE ARE THE ONE AND ONLY WOMAN I HAVE EVER TRULY LOVED AND WILL ALWAYS LOVE, ALL THE DAYS OF MY LIFE…..AND LEXI AND NOAH ARE A BEAUTIFUL TRIBUTE TO THE LOVE WE ONCE SHARED AND I BELIEVE WE WILL ALWAYS SHARE! Jane: OH MY GOD, KEVIN…I LOVE YOU AND I WAS STUPID NOT TO TELL YOU I WAS PREGNANT. I…I ….I … Kevin: SHUT UP JANE AND COME HERE! (he opens his arms and Jane rushes into the embrace. Jane and Kevin/Noah and Alexis share their first hug as a family…and as a family they shall hopefully stay forever and always!) Jane: (still in Kevin's arms) Hey Kevin just one question….how did you know Lexi and Noah full names? Kevin: Well I was filling in for James, you know James…he's my coworker from the paper. Anyways…he was getting married and, being such an awesome guy, (Kevin smiles at his selfpraise) I agreed to fill in for him in the announcements department. Guess who called and announced the birth of Alexis Marie Doyle and Noah Matthew Doyle to a Jane Nichols…. Jane: (interrupts Kevin… again) [gasps] IT WAS TESS….THAT EXPLAINS SO MUCH! YOU KNOW KEV YOU REALLY ARE AN AMAZING AND STANDUP MAN…YOU COULD HAVE PRETENDED THAT YOU DIDN'T HAVE CHILDREN. Kevin: Well I must be a pretty amazing man in order too allow you to call me Kev which you know I can not stand! (both Kevin and Jane burst into laughter) THE END. ","Summary":" FLASHBACK [Jane is lying in bed, thinking] I know this must sound horrible but I am not going to Te"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Missing Scene","Author":"Anubis08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10504529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! So I've been obsessed with Minutemen lately and I've been disappointed about the lack of Charlie/Jeanette so, here! Charlie sprinted down the hallway, trying to find Jeanette. \"Jeanette,\" he said, finally finding her at her locker, \"Can I talk to you?\" Jeanette spun around and smiled at him. \"Sure, chickadee, what's up?\" \"Well, uh-the you know-uh-the-um-kiss-in the uhh library?\" a nervous Charlie asked. \"Yeah?\" Jeanette asked, confused the slightest bit. \"Well it was an accident- nonono! Not an accident- a mistake! No not a mistake-it was...\" the young genius was rambling and backtracking every time he saw Jeanette's hurt and confused face. \"...it was a surprise. For you! I mean, gaaaah!\" he yelled in aggravation. \"Hummingbird, what's your point?\" Jeanette sighed. Charlie took a deep breath and relaxed. \"Jeanette, what I'm trying to say is, I really like you. I like how you call me bird names, and how sweet you are.\" Jeanette eyes grew two times wider with every word he said. Once Charlie finished, Jeanette stood there silently, soaking up what he said. After what seemed like forever but also a second, Jeanette grabbed the front of his ski jacket and kissed him. When they broke apart, Charlie was frozen. \"Charlie, where are you?\" A voice yelled. Soon Zeke Thompson and Virgil Fox turned the corner to see Jeanette and Charlie. \"Hey, Charlie we found a way to get bac- OH MAN! NOT AGAIN!\" Virgil whined. Zeke sighed. \"You're not the one picking him up. C'mon, dude,\" he muttered as he hoisted Charlie onto his back. Zeke and Virgil flashed smiles at Jeanette before walking back. \"Hey guys! Love the suits!\" she yelled behind them. Charlie smiled to himself. So? Like it? Hate it? Love it? Lemme know! Reviews help fuel my great idea box. I love you guys! Bye! ","Summary":" Hey guys! So I've been obsessed with Minutemen lately and I've been disappointed about the lack of "},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Lilac Bow Tie","Author":"Laurenio567","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12350292","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Dance with me, Charlie.\" Her small, smooth hand took mine and intertwined our fingers and I felt myself being led away from the crowds and out onto the lawn. Lights twinkled everywhere and the view of the water far, far below reflected in her eyes. \"I don't dance.\" I protested as she stopped and faced me when we reached the middle of the grass. Her heels brought her face almost level with mine. She didn't even hear my reply. She took both my hands and situated them on her waist. I felt my face heat up. I had never been this close to a girl before. Her thin wrists latched behind my neck and she lowered her head to rest on my chest as we began to sway. \"Thank you for taking me tonight.\" She mumbled dreamily against my shirt. \"It's an honor.\" Was the only thing I could think to reply, trying my hardest to sound in-control. The truth was though, that I was completely out of my element. Her beautiful eyes, her shoulders that were bare in her strapless dress, the hypnotic sway of her body, the heat radiating from her rib cage, the songs, the food, the conversation. This wasn't science. Science was easy. Virgil had promised tonight would be easy. It was not. \"Your heart.\" She looked up at me as we continued to sway. I felt extremely clumsy. \"What?\" I asked aloud, confused. Her small hand gently moved over my chest. \"Your heart.\" She repeated. \"It's pounding.\" We stopped moving and she looked at me as if she was searching. \"You're scared.\" She perceived. \"No.\" I lied, my voice cracking slightly. \"Do I intimidate you?\" she asked, slightly saddened by the words, her brows drawing together slightly. \"Of course not.\" I answered freely. \"Because you intimidate me.\" She admitted and I froze. \"What?\" I didn't understand. \"You're so smart, Charlie.\" She smoothed some of my hair down. \"And I know I can be annoying. I never understand a thing that comes out of your mouth. But I love it anyway.\" She breathed quietly and flashed me a half-smile. \"I was so happy that you agreed to come tonight.\" \"I can't say no to you.\" I blurted when I saw her lips form the smile that melted my brain. \"Why not?\" she wondered, as we began to sway again. \"Because I love you.\" 0000000000 \"Remind me again why I agreed to this.\" I sighed as Virgil straightened my bow tie. \"I avoid dances for a reason.\" \"Because Jeanette will be looking perfect and you're looking better than ever. And just imagine how happy you're making her. Just think, no dress code.\" Virgil stepped back and examined his work. \"I must say Little Man, that I did a fantastic job with you.\" He decided and motioned me to the mirror. \"What do you think?\" \"I think he looks like a miniature Ken doll.\" Zeke piped up as he came out of the bathroom in jeans and a suit jacket over a white V-neck. \"Oh that's just great.\" I turned to the side, still not sure how to feel about this new look. Virgil had helped me pick out casual black slacks and a white button-up shirt and a bow tie to match Jeanette's dress which she promised me was lilac-colored. I didn't even know they made fabric in such specific colors. Or that my bow tie had to match her dress. But Virgil insisted it did. It was just etiquette of the populars I suppose. \"You sure you don't want the suit jacket?\" Virgil offered, pointing to my bed where I had flung the jacket away. \"No way.\" Zeke replied for me. \"He's just fine. You don't want to look too stiff.\" \"Too stiff?\" I was so confused and I hadn't even made it to Jeanette's house yet. I was only fifteen years old and I was supposed to know all these things? At least I had Zeke and Virgil. \"Ready to roll?\" Zeke asked as I slid my watch on and Virgil straightened his tie in the mirror. Zeke was driving all of us in his pickup. \"Yeah.\" Virgil turned around and nodded to me. \"Ready to go grab our dates?\" \"No.\" I frowned. \"But you already knew that.\" \"Oh come on.\" Virgil grabbed me and dragged me up the stairs. 00000000000000000000000000 Stephanie appeared at the top of the stairs first. Virgil looked completely starstruck. I just rolled my eyes at him and Zeke chuckled. She was wearing a white dress, of course, that was short and her hair was curled in tight ringlets. Her smile was radiant and in her hands was a white boutonniere. \"Hey.\" Virgil breathed as Stephanie's parents snapped pictures. \"Hey.\" She shared an intimate smile with him and nodded to Zeke and complimented his outfit. Then she looked over at me. \"Wow, Charlie.\" Her eyes sparkled. \"You clean up so well! You did a great job.\" \"Um, thanks, I think.\" I dug my hands deeper into my pockets and rocked back on my heels. Would Jeanette be wearing heels? Would she be taller than me? Would that be embarrassing? \"Hey, Charlie, I was thinking maybe you'd like to…\" Stephanie began to speak but her voice tapered off as she realized that I wasn't paying attention. My eyes were glued to the top of the stairs where Jeanette stood. She hadn't lied. Lilac is the only word I could use to describe her dress. It was floor length and swished silently around her ankles. It was strapless and the back was open and low. Her hair was straightened down her back, showing how long and thick it was. I couldn't believe it. She giggled girlishly and started down the stairs. Stephanie's parents ooed and ahhed and took more pictures. Stephanie clapped her hands in excitement and Zeke whistled. Virgil just squeezed Stephanie's shoulders affectionately. \"Hey, Hummingbird.\" She said when she reached me and held up a boutonniere. It was lilac-colored. \"I like you bow tie.\" She whispered and a strand of hair slipped off her shoulders and fell around her face. Her big eyes were glassy and she was wearing heels. But she still wasn't as tall as me. Had I grown? \"I brought you this.\" I held up the plastic box that the lilac corsage Virgil had picked up was in. \"Here.\" I handed it to her. She snickered and Virgil sighed in defeat. \"Would you like to put it on me?\" she offered. I felt my eyes widen slightly. \"Put it…on you?\" \"On my wrist.\" She explained as she took the flower from the box. I hooked my fingers around the band and slid it onto her outstretched wrist. It fit perfectly. I breathed a sigh of relief. \"Now hold still.\" She stepped closer and I could smell her shampoo. Raspberry. I knew it had to be. She began to try to pin the flower on my chest. She nicked her finger once on the pin and inhaled sharply, but eventually she got it with some help from Stephanie. She stepped back and nodded. \"Perfect.\" \"You all have a good time!\" Stephanie's parents called as we walked down the pathway to Zeke's truck. \"We will!\" Stephanie called. 00000000000000000000000 \"Dance with me, Charlie.\" Her small, smooth hand took mine and intertwined our fingers and I felt myself being led away from the crowds and out onto the lawn. Lights twinkled everywhere and the view of the water far, far below reflected in her eyes. \"I don't dance.\" I protested as she stopped and faced me when we reached the middle of the grass. Her heels brought her face almost level with mine. She didn't even hear my reply. She took both my hands and situated them on her waist. I felt my face heat up. I had never been this close to a girl before. Her thin wrists latched behind my neck and she lowered her head to rest on my chest as we began to sway. \"Thank you for taking me tonight.\" She mumbled dreamily against my shirt. \"It's an honor.\" Was the only thing I could think to reply, trying my hardest to sound in-control. The truth was though, that I was completely out of my element. Her beautiful eyes, her shoulders that were bare in her strapless dress, the hypnotic sway of her body, the heat radiating from her rib cage, the songs, the food, the conversation. This wasn't science. Science was easy. Virgil had promised tonight would be easy. It was not. \"Your heart.\" She looked up at me as we continued to sway. I felt extremely clumsy. \"What?\" I asked aloud, confused. Her small hand gently moved over my chest. \"Your heart.\" She repeated. \"It's pounding.\" We stopped moving and she looked at me as if she was searching. \"You're scared.\" She perceived. \"No.\" I lied, my voice cracking slightly. \"Do I intimidate you?\" she asked, slightly saddened by the words, her brows drawing together slightly. \"Of course not.\" I answered freely. \"Because you intimidate me.\" She admitted and I froze. \"What?\" I didn't understand. \"You're so smart, Charlie.\" She smoothed some of my hair down. \"And I know I can be annoying. I never understand a thing that comes out of your mouth. But I love it anyway.\" She breathed quietly and flashed me a half-smile. \"I was so happy that you agreed to come tonight.\" \"I can't say no to you.\" I blurted when I saw her lips form the smile that melted my brain. \"Why not?\" she wondered, as we began to sway again. \"Because I love you.\" I said the words before I could stop myself. Her hands fell from around my neck and clutched my arms that were still on her waist. \"I love you too, Charlie.\" She whispered and before I knew it we were laughing with our faces close as if we had just shared some big secret that no one else had ever heard of before. And I realized that these dances weren't as bad as I thought. ","Summary":" \"Dance with me, Charlie.\" Her small, smooth hand took mine and intertwined our fingers and I felt"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Stupid","Author":"AcidusBellum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6126218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stupid. Disclaimer: Minutemen no me pertenece Yo se muy bien que hice algo muy estupido… No, imperdonable. No te ayude cuando mas me necesitaste. Todo por el estatus social. Por falsas amistades. Aquel día no solo perdí a mi mejor amigo. También perdí a la persona de la cual me enamore. No voy a mentir. Aquella fue una de las razones por las cuales te abandone. No podía permitirme estar enamorado de mi mejor amigo . ¿Qué dirían mis padres? ¿Qué dirían los tuyos? Y lo que más me importo. ¿Qué diría la escuela? Fui un cobarde. Y te perdí por ello. Soy un estupido, yo lo se. Pero no te preocupes. Tengo toda la vida para arrepentirme. Perdóname Virgil. Por que yo no puedo perdonarme a mi mismo. An: Reviews son apreciados ","Summary":" Stupid. Disclaimer: Minutemen no me pertenece Yo se muy bien que hice algo muy estupido… No, imperd"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Charlie and Zeke!","Author":"Thevampirefan101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5536529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, Charlie (YAY!) and Zeke are in life science class, learning about cells and all that crap. Even though they don't really like each other as friends but of course they were partners for a class assignment. They both went up to their microscope to search for cells and stuff \"This is beast!\" Charlie yelled \"Oh-ho, no please you are not stealing my favorite word\" Zeke snapped \"What's wrong with saying a word, that's technically your favorite?\" Charlie asked \"Because I like saying it and you can't…besides it's weird to hear a nerd like you say 'beast' it's really, really strange\" Zeke said while turning on the microscope. Charlie ignored him and peeked inside the microscope. He saw a billion small cells swimming around the slide Zeke shoved Charlie out of the way to see for himself \"Zeke, ow!\" Charlie reminded him Zeke looked at them all \"Wow, that's a lot of uh…cells there…heh ,heh, cells\" Zeke said to himself \"What's wrong with that word?\" Charlie asked \"Why would someone name these things 'cells' why not 'squares'?\" -_- Oh, Zeke. \"Because-\" Charlie started \"Oh, no here we go\" Zeke interrupted \"Excuse me! I am talking about a magnificent man named Robert Hooke! He called them cells because the shape they formed looked like what monks lived in, in 1665!\" (Congrats on my smartness^^) \"Hooke? As in Hook from Peter Pan?\" Zeke asked sarcastically \"NO\" Charlie flipped \"Okay chill\" Zeke looked back in the microscope and caught sight of the cytoplasm jiggling \"Hey look!\" Zeke exclaimed \"What?\" Charlie said \"It's the jelly stuff!\" \"Cytoplasm, Zeke, cytoplasm. Geese at least get the names right!\" Charlie snapped at him \"Okay Mr. Top Notch Smarty-Pants\" Zeke said while staring into the microscope \"My pants aren't smarty\" Charlie said Well I hope I do chapter 2 soon…that was pretty darn short O_O! Oh Well! ","Summary":" So, Charlie (YAY!) and Zeke are in life science class, learning about cells and all that crap. Even"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Taking chances","Author":"Lozzii95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5302436","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stephanie sat in the library, hernhead stuck in a book. You know how it is. A Calculus exam in 3 days,nhard revision. She sighed, slammed the book shut and put her head onnthe table. \"Calculus sucks.\" She murmured to herself, rollingnher eyes. \"You got that right.\" Someone said. She looked upnfrom the bare table. It was Virgil. She smiled and laughed. He wasnalways there when she was at her worst, how ironic? \"You surenknow your timings, Virg.\" He smiled back at her. \"Well, Intry.\" He said, sarcastically. He looked round, \"Where isnDerek?\" \"Practice, again.\" She raised her eyebrows. Shenwasn't sure but she swore she saw Virgil's eyes light up, weird.nShe had no idea that he could well be, at this very moment, makingnout behind the cafeteria with Jocelyn. Only Virgil new this wasnpossible, but he wouldn't wreck Stephanie's mood, not todaynanyway. He didn't want to be the one to tell her. He knew it wasnmean keeping it from her but it was also mean to tell Stephanie fornhis own personal gain; a girl. \"Stephanie, there is something Inneed to tell you.\" He looked straight into her eyes. Stephaniencaught her breathe, he looked so handsome and grown up. \"Wait,nI shouldn't be saying this, what is wrong with me?\" Stephanienthought, \"Go ahead.\" She then said. \"I-I-I err...\" Thennhis nerves got the better of him, \"have a cooking exam next week.\"nHe sighed in frustration. When would he ever be able to tell her?nTell her that he loved her. That he loved her more than anything.nEven computer games and that is saying something. \"Right...\"nStephanie raised an eyebrow, a little disappointed. She didn't knownwhat he was really going to say, but a little of her wanted it to benthat he liked her. The truth was Stephanie was falling for him, notnDerek. She had dreams at night of them dancing at homecoming,nsomething about time travelling and a big black hole, but morenimportantly they almost kissed. So, alright the kiss isn't asnimportant as the black hole but it was important to Stephanie. \"Ifnonly they were real.\" She thought to herself, not knowing she saidnit out loud. \"What?\" He asked. Her eyes shot up from the desk,nshe bit her lip. \"Oh nothing.\" She scoped the room and sawnDerek coming towards them. \"Stephanie, babe, you know it is badnto hang round with such dorks, you don't want to get ill.\" Hensmirked at Virgil. \"It is nothing compared to the symptoms ofnjerks.\" Virgil fought back. Derek's smirk turned into a scowl andnthen a glare, he launched himself at Virgil. Stephanie shot betweennthe two. \"What the hell do you think you are doing? What hasnhappened! You two were the best of friends once, where has thatngone?\" Stephanie sobbed. Virgil had never intended on fightingnwith Derek. Heck, he never expected Derek to go for him. \"Thatndisappeared when Derek learnt how to use lipstick, which by the way,nyou seem to have some on your lip, oh, and your neck.\" His handnshot to his mouth. He looked at Stephanie with plead in his eyes,n\"Shit.\" He said. He hadn't really got any but it was a way tonget him into trouble. \"Wait, you don't really, but why sonworried.\" Stephanie asked, she put her hands on her hips.n\"Something to hide, Derek?\" I asked, smirking slightly. \"Youndidn't.\" Stephanie whispered, her hand shot to her mouth and herneyes filled with tears. She may be moving on but it still hurt thatnhe would do that to her. \"You have no proof I did it!\" Dereknwailed. Stephanie looked into his eyes, they drooped and had gonenheavy. \"Did what exactly?\" \"Kiss Jocelyn!\" Then henrealised what he had said, \"CRAP.\" \"We didn't say anything aboutnJocelyn, you lying SCUMBAG.\" She slapped him clean across the facenand then ran from the library. \"Oh you are so going to pay fornthat, dork.\" He stepped closer to Virgil until he was up againstnthe bookcase, well out of site. Derek clasped his hand round Virgil'snthroat. With his other free hand he punched Virgil straight acrossnthe face, leaving a clear read fist mark on his face and blood tontrip from his nose. He threw another punch, clipping Virgil in theneye. He went to throw another when someone caught his wrist. Henlooked over his shoulder. Zeke and Charlie. \"You might want tonpiss off now.\" Zeke growled. Derek snatched his wrist out of hisngrasp. \"Later dork, just you wait, this isn't over.\" Henwalked off out of the library as if nothing had happened, with nonsuspicion in the world. \"Virg! Are you alright?\" Charlienasked, poking the newly formed, purple ring around Virgil's eye. Henflinched. \"Quit touching please, I am going to the bathroom fornsome tissue, later.\" \"But Virg you should get it check out bynthe nurse!\" He heard Charlie call as he walked to wards the bluendoor with a boy stick man painted on it. It had been graphitised butnI would rather not describe it. He walked in and went straight to anstall, locked the door and sat on the shut toilet seat. He put hisnhands in his head. Stephanie was right, what had happened? He satnthere for a good five minutes before pulling a few squares of tissuenpaper and dabbing it on his bleeding nose. He left the stall andnwalked over to the sinks, staring straight into the mirror. No waynwas he going to be able to hide this. A big purple ring around hisnleft eye, blood dripping from his nose and his top lip slightlynswollen from where Derek had clipped it. He was going to have tonconfess up, or maybe Steph would notice first and tell. Surely shenwould never forgive Derek now? How would he get himself out of thisnone? He cheated on her and beat up her best friend, well kind of bestnfriend. Not the best boyfriend in the world, I'd say. Virgil ran anhand through his hair, threw the damp tissue away and got anothernrole. He checked his appearance and then left the bathroom, preparingnfor questions and bombardment. Charlie had probably already spillednto some teacher. Stephanie was sitting outside innthe bench area, alone. Her knees up the her chest, she hugged themntightly while she cried into her knees. She heard footsteps andnlooked up. Derek. \"Get the hell away from me.\" She said,nquietly. He sat beside her and put his arm round her, trying to kissnher. She pushed him away, \"I said GET THE HELL AWAY FROM ME.\" Shenscreamed. He flinched. \"Babe, Virgil just said those thingsnbecause he is jealous, he is a dork, if he gets a popular pretty girlnthen he instantly gets popularity and a good reputation.\" Stephanienlooked at Derek, almost believing him, as he had not noticed hernlooking when he was staring past her. She turned her head round.nJocelyn. \"Virgil isn't like that, he isn't a jerk like you,nnow get away from me!\" \"You are making a huge mistake.\" Henhesitated and the pointed at her and shaking his head inndisbelieve. \"No I believe I am making the best decision I havenmade in a long time.\" She glared at him. He looked and then turnednaway from her, storming back into school. Then coincidently Jocelynnwent in a few seconds later. Stephanie sighed and shook her head atnher own stupidity. She wiped her eyes and blow her nose. She feltnlike a weight had been lifted off her shoulders. She was free to donwhat she wanted. Maybe it could be Virgil and her? Or maybe she wasnjust in her own little paradise. Hell didn't she know that she wasnhis world. ","Summary":" Stephanie sat in the library, hernhead stuck in a book. You know how it is. A Calculus exam in 3 da"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Mine","Author":"AcidusBellum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6126215","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mine Disclaimer: Minutemen no me pertenece Charlie era suyo. Solo el tenia el derecho a abrazarlo. De tomar aquel pequeño cuerpo entre sus brazos. De disfrutar aquella calida sensación. Nadie más podía hacerlo. Y mucho menos su dicho mejor amigo. Charlie era de su propiedad. No de Virgil. El era el único con derecho de abrazarlo. Cargarlo. Y besarlo. Solo por esta vez pasaría por alto ese abrazo. Pero tendrá una pequeña charla con aquel rubio. Para dejar una cosa en claro. Charlie Tuttle es de Zeke Thompson. Y de nadie más. An: Reviews son apreciados. ","Summary":" Mine Disclaimer: Minutemen no me pertenece Charlie era suyo. Solo el tenia el derecho a abrazarlo. "},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Evolution","Author":"ontheinside","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5477970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Evolution. Note: A few people have recently taken a liking to my other minutemen story, which is why I got the itch to write it again. Thanks for taking the time, guys! Virgil is wedged between Zeke and Jimmy Price and he's rambling, the worst Zeke's ever heard him, \"Just back off, dude, just get out of his face before I let him hurt you and trust me, you don't want him to hurt you. You're not going to recover from that. I mean, as much as the thought of you hobbling to the nurse brings a smile to my face I wouldn't - \" \"Virg!\" \"Right, right. Just get out of our face.\" Jimmy Price snarls, but he steps back too, spits, \"Freaks,\" and leaves. When Virgil turns around to face Zeke, there's a stupid grin splashed across his face. Zeke yells, \"What was that?\" and it's gone. \"In some cultures they call that 'helping'.\" Zeke hikes his backpack up onto his shoulder and starts walking, no direction. \"I didn't need your help.\" \"Oh, sorry, Hulk Hogan,\" Virgil mocks, following. \"Next time I'll throw you a chair.\" \"You should! Do you know what he said?\" Virgil cocks his head and scratches his chin. \"Your Mom?\" \"It was about you …\" Zeke quietens. \"And Stephanie.\" \"Oh. Okay. Well, people are talking. You can't go around hitting them all.\" \"You're just going to smile and wave and let them talk crap about you?\" Virgil shrugs. He flicks the hair out of his eyes. He's fine . \"Sure, why not?\" \"You - \" \"Zeke, we tried to change the way people are. Hell, the way we are, remember?\" \"That's not the same!\" \"Yes it is.\" Virgil stops, curls his hands around Zeke's shoulders and looks at him, open, honest. \"We're pariahs. Big, ugly, pariahs and nobody loves us. It's time we came to accept it.\" Zeke has a hard time trying not to laugh. \"Charlie's been teaching you big words?\" \"Bite me.\" . The first time he saw Virgil was a Tuesday. It was after Shop, and before Math, and Virgil was talking to Stephanie down the hall. Zeke thought, good looking couple , a little bowled over, but it was Virgil who caught his eye. He was happy, to the tips of his toes. Later, light-years and football games later, Zeke should have stopped to remember that guy; the person Virgil might have been, the one Zeke would probably never know. He didn't, though; he wasn't strong enough. . There was a time machine, once, a black hole and NASA; and since then moments and space and breathing have become a little haywire. When Virgil sits down beside Zeke at lunch, their knees and their trays connecting, he says, \"Six weeks, dude,\" with a smile as big and bright as California. Zeke feels like he's floating into nothing again, and feels like he has to throw up. \"I can't wait to get out of here,\" Virgil prattles. \"Just, get out, get away, become someone new.\" \"What's wrong with this version?\" Virgil balks, surprised by the sentiment. \"Nothing. This version's awesome.\" Zeke snorts. \"I just want something different. College, new classes …\" \"New friends,\" Zeke mutters. Virgil has something to say to that, of course, his brow stitched up and his mouth gaping. Charlie slumps down at the table, though, and he's silenced. \"Who should I talk to about the guidance counsellor's … indiscretions?\" \"Is this because she told you you'd make a good teacher?\" Zeke says, ignoring the way Virgil's gaze has settled on him, questioning. \"A teacher! After everything I've accomplished she wants me to sit behind a desk and talk to a bunch of kids who will probably just put tacks on my chair and egg my car anyway. What a waste!\" Zeke laughs, short and muffled. \"You ever think she means teacher in the big way? Like, standing in front of a room full of important science people and telling them how to do their jobs?\" Charlie sits back, folds his arms and basks in the idea, a small smile slowly creeping onto his face. Charlie is the logic, the tie that binds Virgil's free spirit and Zeke's perpetual doubt. \"Before you do that,\" Virgil snaps peevishly, standing up. The angry push and pull of his body next to Zeke makes Zeke's breath catch. \"Start by teaching Zeke How Not to Be a Jackass.\" . Every time they had jumped into the Vortex, Zeke took Proof Of Life with him. The napkin Virgil had used to scribble down his cell number. The feather Jeanette had given him for good luck. The book Charlie 'accidentally' left at Zeke's place [after Zeke had told him he wanted to read it] and mysteriously never wanted back. Zeke took mementos of his life – finally, a real life, with friends – and kept them in the breast pocket of his jacket. If they got stuck, or twisted around; if he lost himself in the dredge of the past, he'd have had that, at least. When Virgil found them, he shook his head. \"I hate to break this to you, dude,\" he had said. \"but you're stuck with us.\" Zeke moved to protest but Virgil put his hands up, silence. \"Past, present, back to the future. You're stuck with us.\" . On the other side of town, the nice side, Heather Johnston throws a party. Zeke's playing with his collar, itching at his skin; it won't sit right, he doesn't fit here, with this crowd. Virgil asked him to go, anyway. \"Zeke.\" Stephanie finds him hanging out in a corner, sipping on a drink that tastes like shoes. She's wearing a red dress that's cut low and sits high; blonde and beautiful and friendly. Everything Zeke's not. \"Yeah?\" Stephanie's smile doesn't make it to her eyes. \"It's good to see you. Is … Virgil?\" \"He's around. He said something about an egg and spoon race.\" \"Oh. Right. Well, it's good to see you.\" Zeke doesn't bite back with, you said that already, as much as he'd like to. He just nods indifferently and watches her walk away. \"Hey, was that Steph?\" Virgil appears, munching on potato chips, a yellow cardboard medal around his neck that reads Weiner. \"I guess so.\" \"Well, what did she say?\" \"I don't know.\" Virgil folds his arms across his chest, scrunching up his nose. He says, \"Zeke, what's going on with you?\" \"What? Nothing.\" \"Did I do something wrong?\" There's a fear, almost desperation in his voice. The very thought makes Zeke's skin flush warm. \"No.\" \"Then why are you being such an ass - \" \"Hey.\" Zeke's had enough. He's off like fireworks, big and loud and look at me . \"Excuse me if I don't give a crap about the girl who hurt you, dude.\" \"Steph didn't - \" \"You spent half your life trying to impress her only to be told you weren't good enough.\" \"You've got it – \"She thought being cool was better than being with you. This whole party thinks that. So don't look at me like I'm the bad guy.\" Virgil just stands there, in front of him; hair in his face, and light pink in his cheeks. They exchange a look that says more than Zeke's willing to admit. \"I hate these people.\" Zeke starts to walk way, bumping shoulders with Virgil, then he stops, brings his mouth close to Virgil's ear and whispers, \"She didn't deserve you. She never did.\" . Zeke was in love, once, or at least he came close. He was fourteen and mostly lonely, and she sat in front of him in English. April. Her name was April and she was quiet and shy and she never raised her hand even though she knew the answers. They were assigned as partners for Current Affairs and for four weeks they talked about the economy and politics and their mutual dislike for socialites. They were only ever classmates. They didn't talk about music or movies and Zeke never told her she had nice eyes, and he never asked her to go and have ice-cream with him one night. When she told him she was moving to Illinois and when she said \"I'll miss you,\" Zeke could only give her a quick, disappointed nod. He couldn't even say goodbye. It's funny, he thinks, how he spent more than two years hoping, wishing for a second chance. A way to go back there, hold her, maybe even kiss her, show her, I'll miss you too. It's funny that Charlie and Virgil not only gave him the chance, but they also took away his desire to use it. Zeke remembers sitting on Virgil's couch, playing video games, and Virgil said, \"If we could go back to any place, or time, where would you go?\" It took Zeke by surprise, took him by the throat, and he found he could only joke, \"Lunch, man, I'm friggin' starving.\" He had no place to go [didn't want to]. . Virgil doesn't talk to Zeke and Zeke doesn't talk to Virgil and ten days go by. On the eleventh, Zeke's boots are kicking dirt across the Fox's porch and he's knocking gently on their front door, reluctant. Amy answers. Her expression quickly changes from, 'please be someone attractive' to 'oh, it's Zeke'. \"Oh, it's you.\" \"Is Virgil here?\" Amy rolls her eyes, but opens the door until the handle thuds against the foyer wall. \"Virgil!\" she screeches. She disappears into the house but Zeke still hears her say, \"The boy who doesn't shower is here!\" Zeke doesn't move. He's not sure he wants to be standing on the porch, let alone inside. Inside means staying and facing and dealing. Zeke doesn't even know what they're dealing with. \"Hi.\" Virgil stands on the other side of the doorway with his hands in his pockets. \"You're ignoring me.\" \" You're ignoring me .\" They can't deny it. \"We're ignoring each other.\" Virgil shuffles his bare feet. \"You've been … different.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Why?\" Zeke plays with the collar of his jacket, talking to his feet. \"I don't … I guess because life's different. School's nearly over. I have to decide where I'm going to go. I'm …\" \"Scared?\" Zeke looks up. He says, \"I never said that,\" but he doesn't say no. \"We're all scared.\" \"It's just … it's not just that.\" Virgil doesn't pose the question, what? His eyes, the nervous swoop of his tongue across his bottom lip. These little things say he already knows the answer. Zeke's not going to insult his intelligence. \"I'm not scared about my life I'm …\" and damn, this is hard, digging deep and finding this and bringing this to Virgil. After all this time. \"I'm scared of leaving you.\" \"Me and Charlie?\" \"No. I'll miss Charlie but that's different.\" \"Okay.\" Zeke moves a little closer, just, and admits, \"You're the best friend I ever had.\" \"Me too.\" \"I wouldn't let Charlie hear you say that.\" \"Charlie's my brother. It's not the same.\" \"I like you,Virg.\" Virgil takes a breath and holds it. There's silence as they let that sink in. As it seeps into them and changes everything. There's no going back now, there's no buttons to press, no stupid snowsuits. They can see it and see each other just fine. \"I know.\" \"I mean I really - \" \"I know.\" They just stand there, Zeke on Virgil's porch and Virgil at the threshold. They just stand there and smile through the open doorway. It's happening. ","Summary":" Title: Evolution. Note: A few people have recently taken a liking to my other minutemen story, whic"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Moving on","Author":"ontheinside","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4255952","Passage":"[Chapter 1] today (5). You're pinned against the bedroom wall, Zeke's hands at your underarms and your shirt balled up in them; chest and belly and hipbones bare. It's spur of the moment, no fear and no thought, until. Charlie wanders in, head down and muttering nonsense, and you try to struggle free but Zeke holds on. Fingertips tight and his body pushed in; he doesn't meet your gaze but you read him loud and clear. \"We're … we have something,\" Zeke says, straight up and no room for question. You hear the pride in his voice, conviction, and it warms every inch of your skin. \"Yeah,\" Charlie agrees, slowly walking backward and heading for the door. \"I did the math weeks ago.\" When you're alone again, the moments passed, and you're giggling instead. Zeke let's out a breath, starts, \"Fu-\" but you're kissing him to shut him up. again (4). Kelly North is a pretty, perky, persistent freshman who doesn't understand that 'no, thankyou' isn't code for 'sure, I'd love to go out with you!'. She spends the better part of a week standing in line for your lunch, or carrying your books or reserving your favourite seat in geometry; even though she's supposed to be in class on the other side of school. On Friday morning, after Kelly climbs up to knock on your window, to make sure you don't miss the bus, you watch Zeke pace the length of your room. For five minutes. \"This stops. Today,\" he tells you, matter of fact. You wave at him, bored. Tired. \"She's harmless.\" \"That's not the point.\" \"Oh, you had a point? Please, go on.\" \"I'm serious, Virgil, she can't come in here and try to take what's mine.\" There's quiet. You stop fiddling with your shoelace and look up at Zeke, who looks just as surprised as you. He stammers, \"I meant - it's not-\" because he has a reputation to uphold, and there's only so much gushing his cool dude façade can take. The blushing doesn't help, and neither does your laughing. You do, anyway. \"I'm building a cage and throwing her in,\" Zeke mutters as you approach him, grabbing him by his waistband and pulling him to you. You're his, sure, but it goes both ways. He's yours, too. once (3). Charlie turns fifteen, retires any ideas of astral projection and moves onto cold fusion instead. Jeannette hands out party hats and Zeke brings the booze and you play pin the tail to Eugene because he's easy to catch. Later, when everyone else has gone home to their computers, you sit with Zeke in Charlie's wading pool and pretend to like beer. \"You have chicken legs,\" Zeke observes, drunkenly, clucking and kicking at you half-heartedly so you'll kick back. You call him Lurch, tell him to get you a sandwich and end up flipping out the pool, on your back, Zeke on top of you. He's just there, so close, not moving, not doing. He just stares, and waits. \"You can,\" you say, without thinking. You don't know how or if you should finish that sentence, but Zeke does it for you. It's a quick, simple, unassuming kiss. It feels like thank you. \"You want a time machine for that?\" Zeke whispers, and you smile. \"Uh, yeah, I think you broke my back.\" then (2). Zeke's work-bench in shop says a lot about him. He needs space, and mess, and confusion. He likes to keep people guessing. Even you. You're sitting up there while he marks a piece of 2x4, your legs dangling over the edge and your hand in a bag of Cheetos. He says, \"If I could build you anything, what would you want?\" just loud enough so you can hear him. It's the longest chain of words you've heard him say in a while, mostly quiet and reserved, mostly keeping secrets. \"A spaceship,\" you say, pondering, and he scoffs, rolls his eyes, standing up to full height. \"Hey, at least it's legal .\" Zeke shakes his head and says, \"A boat,\" as if that's it and no arguing. You pull a face and say, \"You can make a boat?\" but Zeke's not listening. Instead he says, quietly, seriously, \"Then you and me and genius-boy can get outta here. Forever.\" \"You don't like it here?\" Zeke shrugs and looks up and looks straight into your eyes. \"I like being with you.\" before (1). It takes three years and a few botched attempts at Time Travel to realise hope was wasted on Stephanie (you're a nice guy and –rewinding aside- you were always going to finish last). Zeke says, \"Dude, burgers,\" (while Charlie explains that 'eating' isn't one of the five stages of grief) an arm around your shoulder and a gentle nudge in the other direction. It's time to move on. ","Summary":" today (5). You're pinned against the bedroom wall, Zeke's hands at your underarms and your shirt ba"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Of Friend To Lover","Author":"AcidusBellum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6126211","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Of Friend To Lover Disclaimer : Minutemen no me pertenece Primero desconocidos. Después amigos. Y por último novios. Todo comenzó por un auto cohete. Virgil realmente no lo conocía. Para el solamente era el pequeño niño Nerd Pero eso no evito que lo ayudara. Ya sea por pena ajena. Lastima O… Por que siempre le pareció muy lindo. Renuncio a su estatus social por aquel pequeño niño Nerd. Pero gano mucho más. Un verdadero amigo Una gran aventura. Y por supuesto, el respeto y amor del lindo niño Nerd. Ahora si le preguntaran a Virgil si se arrepiente de algo, el les contestaría que no. Pues todo valió la pena. Por que el posee ahora algo mucho mas valioso que una falsa amistad. El posee al pequeño y lindo niño Nerd. Al dulce, lindo e inocente Charlie. Y ningún viaje en el tiempo cambiaria aquello. Primero desconocidos. Después amigos. Y por último novios. An: Me gusto como quedo….bueno más o menos ¿Ustedes que piensan? Reviews son apreciados. ","Summary":" Of Friend To Lover Disclaimer : Minutemen no me pertenece Primero desconocidos. Después amigos. Y p"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"True Friendship","Author":"Mignun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5006565","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen or anything Disney related. I only make stories out of them for my own enjoyment. Note: It's a new fandom for me, but I recently got the DVD for this movie, and I fell back in love with it. Besides, I was in a cute/fluffy mood when I wrote this, and the idea just popped into the my head. Hopefully I got the characters down path. Hope you enjoy it if you like cuteness. =) True Friendship Virgil liked his friends, he truly did, but they had a habit of bugging him. Charlie always followed him around like a puppy; Zeke always scared him into 'hermit mode', where he couldn't move one bit without receiving a glare. Jeanette wasn't really his friend, but she hung out enough with him to consider it an almost friendship. Even then she made him so mad with the hyperactivity and the obsession with birds. At school, however, he was in total disbelief when they made a big deal out of him going out on a date with Stephanie. \"Why are you dating her all of a sudden?\" Charlie exclaimed. \"Since when are you seen with a popular?\" Zeke asked. \"Aww, you two would make such a cute couple!\" Okay, Jeanette didn't make a big deal out of it, but Virgil was still upset by the fact that Charlie and Zeke clearly didn't approve. \"She's not dating Derek anymore; I asked her out; we're hanging out tonight,\" Virgil replied simply, wanting to smile. The looks he was getting, aside from Jeanette's, made his blood boil instead. \"Dude, so what?\" Zeke scoffed, staring Virgil right in the eye. \"You know what? I thought you guys would be happy that I'm finally going out with the girl of my dreams. Instead, all you care about are the cliques in this stupid high school!\" Virgil snapped, standing up from the lunch table. He glared at Zeke, before changing his gaze to Charlie, and ignored Jeanette completely. He stomped out of the lunch room, ignoring the looks from bystanders. \"What's with him?\" Jeanette asked with a small frown. Zeke rolled his eyes while Charlie looked generally upset. He hadn't mean to come off so rude, but it was just a shock that it actually happened. Of course, Zeke just made it worse. \"Did you seriously have to make it seem like that?\" Charlie groaned, ignoring the glare from Zeke. \"Now we have to go make up to him...and I think I have a plan.\" \"Do I have to do this?\" Zeke asked, wearing a pink checkered apron. He was standing in Virgil's kitchen with Jeanette and Charlie, both whom were dressed up as if they were a butler and a hostess. Charlie narrowed his eyes at the 'chef' as Jeanette nodded. Virgil's mother watched with a small smile on her face as Zeke began to boil water in a pot, and Charlie began to write a menu. \"This is so nice of you guys to do this,\" she told them before leaving the room. Jeanette and Charlie beamed while Zeke narrowed his eyes. \"It's because I'm the only one who can cook,\" he mumbled, stirring the bubbling pasta sauce. \"Nah, it was only because you don't own a tux,\" Charlie replied, straighting out his bow tie. Jeanette smiled as she smoothed out her dress. She was glad she was invited to play along with this game, especially since it was Charlie who asked her. \"I wish I still had that hook,\" the tallest teen mumbled, pouring in the ready angel haired noodles. Charlie rolled his eyes as he glued the menus on the small boards Zeke recently made for the special night. \"When do you think Virgil will return with Steph?\" Jeanette asked, looking out the kitchen window. \"I don't know, I think at around seven. Mrs. Fox was supposed to cook the dinner instead,\" Charlie said, as he began to absentmindedly draw atoms for the menu's boarders. \"Whoops!\" \"Are. You. Serious?\" Zeke asked from his post in disbelief. Charlie looked away. \"Why am I cooking then?\" \"Because I think all of us should participate in this for Virgil!\" \"I don't want all of us to be in this together!\" Zeke exclaimed, and Charlie rolled his eyes. \"Well, too bad because we're all in this together!\" Charlie shouted back, and Jeanette nodded in agreement. Zeke huffed in defeat. \"You are a seriously deranged little kid.\" \"Oh my god! They're here! They're here!\" Jeanette shouted when she heard Virgil's car pull into the driveway. Zeke sighed in relief as he placed the last parsley leaf on the bright, red tomato sauce. He turned back to the oven to make sure the cake he made was still cooking and smiled that it turned a bit brown. \"Okay everyone, go man your post. Jeanette, wait by the door so you could take their coats. Zeke, stay here in the kitchen, but when I give the signal, bring out the finished cake. Charlie, be ready to get - oh wait that's me,\" Charlie chuckled before grabbing the menus. Zeke rolled his eyes as he began to frost the mini-cake. Jeanette was already at the door, waiting impatiently for the guests of honor. \"It's go time,\" Charlie muttered, standing in the kitchen doorway. He heard the door open and smile. \"Jeanette! What are you doing here?\" Virgil exclaimed as Jeanette began to help Stephanie out of her coat. \"Does it matter? All that matters is that you're about to have dinner,\" Jeanette replied, taking Virgil's coat. \"Now, if you follow me, I'll show you to your table.\" \"I know where the table is...\" Virgil said, but followed Jeanette anyway. He almost groaned when he saw Charlie in a tux with two boards in his hands. As Jeanette sat them down at the table, Charlie came over. \"Hello, I'm Charlie, and I'll be your server tonight,\" he greeted formally, and Virgil raised an eye brow. The teen couldn't help but chuckle when he saw the science drawings on the menu, which only had 'pasta' labeled on it with all the different drinks listed in the Fox household. \"Would you like to start off with anything to drink?\" \"I'll have a glass of water,\" Stephanie said with a smile. Charlie nodded, took a small notebook out of his back pocket, and wrote it down. He turned to Virgil. \"And for you, sir?\" \"Charlie, what are you doing?\" \"I'm taking your order,\" Charlie stated, still looking for an answer. Virgil rolled his eyes and ordered a glass of lemonade. Charlie nodded and went back into the kitchen. Stephanie turned to Virgil with an amused expression on her face. \"What's up with him?\" \"I have no clue.\" Within seconds, Charlie returned with their drinks. He placed them down to the appropriate person and gave them each a straw. \"Now, the meal?\" \"We'll both have the pasta, right?\" Stephanie looked up to Virgil with a smile on her face. Virgil nodded, and Charlie once again took out the small notebook and wrote down their order. With a small nod, he returned to the kitchen. \"This is weird,\" Virgil commented. Stephanie shrugged with a lopsided grin. \"I think it's cute that they're doing this. I wonder if Zeke's helping.\" \"I doubt it,\" Virgil mumbled, remembering the fight they had previously. Steph sighed as Charlie came back with two plates of pasta. She thanked him as he placed it in front of her and Virgil. \"Later we'll be bringing out the cake.\" \"That was really good,\" Stephanie commented as Charlie came back to take their empty plates. Virgil nodded in agreement, leaning back in his chair to stretch. Charlie sighed in relief that his plan actually didn't backfire. \"Can I get you anything else for this evening?\" he asked, turning back to the kitchen. That was the line to bring out the cake, but Zeke didn't come. Charlie groaned, though not surprised that Zeke didn't hear him. \"I said, can I get you anything else for this evening?\" \"I'm coming!\" Zeke called, running out of the kitchen with the cake in his hands. He didn't see Charlie and bumped right into the young scientist. The cake slipped out of his hands and onto Charlie's head. Stephanie began to laugh, while Virgil didn't know what to do. It was comical to see Charlie covered in cake, but it was quite a relief that all of his friends were helping out on his first date. \"Charlie, are you ok-\" Jeanette stepped out of the kitchen, only to slip on a piece of cake. Zeke tried to catch her, but he fell down with her, grabbing on a small piece of table cloth. The drinks slipped off the table and onto the floor, shattering next to the teens. \" I knew I shouldn't have used those glasses! They're Mrs. Fox's favorite...\" Charlie thought, looking glumly at the many pieces that nearly hit him. \"Are you guys okay?\" Virgil was now laughing at his cake covered friends. He stood up to help Charlie up, but the smaller teen pulled him down. Zeke grabbed a small amount of cake and smashed it onto Virgil's head. \"Now I'm okay,\" he laughed with the rest of them. Stephanie stood up and sat down on the floor next to Virgil. He placed a small drop of cake on her nose, causing Jeanette to coo at the sight. \"Thanks you guys, I mean it,\" Virgil told his friends, forgetting any argument they ever had. He really did have a true friendship with them. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen or anything Disney related. I only make stories out of them for m"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"The Divorce","Author":"Mignun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5159328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen or anything I write, really. Note: Something I whipped up a couple of months ago, but I never got around to post it. Hopefully you'll enjoy it and review! =) The Divorce It was a sad, sad day for the Science world. For one thing, it had a nasty run in with it's second cousin, twice removed (respectively of course), Literature. However, and more importantly, it faced losing it's spouse, Charlie Tuttle. Then again, the young scientist was making it seem like that. \"Charlie, why do you have divorce papers?\" Virgil questioned, picking up one of the leaves of paper. Charlie sniffed, signing his name and crossing the t 's. \"Actually, where did you manage to find all these? I mean, don't tell me that you actually went to a judge just to get these.\" \"No, I didn't. I found them in the library. Sure, they're from the 1970's, but they have to be good enough...for my reasons,\" the younger boy sniffed, taking another piece of paper. Virgil rolled his eyes and snatched the paper from under him. \"Dude, you don't need a divorce. You're not married to anything!\" he reasoned, staring in disbelief as Charlie grabbed another illegal document. Virgil instantly took it. \"Hey, will you quit it?\" \"No Virgil! I need to do this, or else I would be living a lie!\" \"What lie?\" \"I can't see Jeanette while I'm still married to science!\" Charlie exclaimed, snatching the papers from his friend. Virgil sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He knew that Charlie could go crazy, but this was almost morbidly insane. No one could legally marry an object, okay sure they could in certain states, but this wasn't a thing to marry. Charlie signed the last document before gathering them all together. \"I mean, I can't cheat! I mean, I don't even cheat on tests. I don't even lie, so that means I can't cheat on and hurt my true loves!\" \"Charlie, sit down,\" Virgil said, grabbing Charlie's shoulders. He couldn't believe at how tense the shorter boy was, though he did remember Charlie running around singing that he married science. It was the day they received their school rings, and Virgil tried to explained the tradition of remembering Summerton High, but Charlie was set that the ring meant that (because it had a drawing of a flask and the word 'Science' written on it) him and his favorite subject were meant to be together. Forever. Naturally, Charlie refused to have his dreams crushed by Virgil. \"Look, Charlie, you were never married to science. First of all, there's nothing representing your 'love'. Secondly, you just can't marry a subject!\" Virgil exclaimed, waving his hands in the air. Charlie rolled his eyes, now in disbelief. \"I have the ring to prove it,\" he stated, putting his ringed finger in the air. Virgil scoffed and grabbed his friend's hand. Ignoring Charlie's protest, Virgil took the ring off Charlie's finger and stuffed it in his pocket. Charlie sat back in his chair out of defeat. \"Now you're not married to science,\" Virgil said triumphantly. \"No fair,\" Charlie mumbled, crossing his arms across his chest. \"Plus, you're way too young to be married,\" Virgil finished with a triumphant smile on his face. Charlie sighed and looked down at the finished papers. \"I guess this means science and I are finally over, huh?\" he asked glumly, and Virgil realized at how upset Charlie really was. He placed a hand on his friend's shoulder. \"Look, you and science can be really good buddies, while Jeanette and you can be together. Plus, I heard that science was actually a man disguised as a woman,\" he joked, hoping to lighten the mood. Charlie, however, felt his eyes go wide. \"You mean I was married to a man?\" he shrieked, causing Virgil to double over with laughter. Some things with Charlie will never change. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen or anything I write, really. Note: Something I whipped up a coupl"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"The Other Side","Author":"bean21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5264864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Listen, listen, Virg. You do what you have to do down there. And if things aren't the same on the other side,\" Zeke shrugged, \"it's been a good ride.\" Virgil slowly nodded as Zeke turned to leave. Pausing to think about what Charlie had said, Virgil turned back to the football field to see his younger self being carried by football players, along with Charlie, down the field. Virgil started down the stairs while he pulled up his hood and put on his goggles. Doubt was gnawing at his mind, but he tried to ignore it as he ran across the field. This is my chance to be somebody, he told himself. It doesn t mean I won t be friends with Charlie or Zeke. I just have to do it. I have to. . . OoOoOoOoOo The football players who had been carrying him roughly threw Virgil down on the ground. That Charlie Tuttle kid was next to him, spitting out grass he'd apparently got in his mouth. Virgil looked for a way of escape, but the laughing football players and students who were standing in a close circle around them blocked any exit. A couple of the football players had left, yelling something about cheerleader outfits. Virgil groaned. What did I get myself into? Suddenly someone grabbed him from behind and pulled him out of the circle. The football players were coming back, holding up cheerleader uniforms and a tube of lipstick, but no one had seemed to notice that Virgil wasn't there anymore. Quickly looking up to see his rescuer, he found himself looking into a face covered by a white hood and black goggles. \"Who are you?\" he asked. \"A friend who knows about your past and cares about your future,\" the person answered. Virgil looked up in confusion. Something about this guy seemed familiar in a freaky way. \"Why'd you get me out of there?\" \"I care about what's gonna happen to you. Trust me, things will be a lot better now. If I were you,\" the guy smiled a little bit, \"I'd get out of here. Good luck, man.\" Without another word the person ran. Virgil quickly scrambled to his feet and started to run off the football field, then paused to look back. No one had really noticed he was gone, but they were carrying Charlie Tuttle, dressed in a cheerleader outfit, toward the school mascot. Feeling a little bit guilty, Virgil left. OoOoOoOoOo Once Virgil was out of sight of the football field he pulled back his hood and took off his goggles, letting them hang around his neck. \"I did it,\" he said softly. He laughed. \"I actually did it!\" Looking down at his watch his smile faded a little and he started running again. When he reached the park, Virgil looked around. He couldn=t see Charlie or Zeke anywhere, but the vortex looked like it was about to touch the ground. He ran forward and jumped into it. In a few seconds he was thrown out onto the football field, head first. He groaned as he landed on the ground and lay there. The sky swam in his vision, then everything went black. OoOoOoOoOo \"Virgil! Virg, are you ok? Wake up! C'mon man, say something.\" Virgil squinted and groaned. \"What happened?\" \"Hey, guys, he's talking! Are you ok, dude?\" When Virgil opened his eyes he saw Derek and a few other football players huddled around him, trying to help him sit up. He groaned again. \"Uh, I'm not sure. My head really hurts. What happened?\" \"That's what we're wondering, bro,\" Derek answered. \"What are you wearing?\" Virgil looked down at his white snowsuit. \"I have no idea. I can't remember much of anything right now.\" \"Do you want us to take you to the nurse or something?\" \"No, I think I'm ok. I must have hit my head. Just help me get up and I'll be fine.\" The football players helped Virgil stand up. He was dizzy and had a headache, but was starting to feel better. \"How'd I get out here?\" he asked, looking around the football field. \"You would know better than us,\" Derek answered. \"We were just coming out for football practice and we found you laying here.\" \"Are you sure you're ok?\" one of the football players asked. \"Yeah, Michael, I'm fine. Thanks, guys. You're good friends. I'm gonna go inside.\" \"Ok man. See you later.\" Virgil walked off the football field and went inside the school. He noticed Stephanie coming towards him and waved. \"Hey Stephanie.\" \"Hi Virgil. Um, what's with the outfit?\" \"Oh, ya know, it's such a warm day outside I thought I'd wear a snowsuit.\" Virgil smiled as Stephanie laughed. \"No, really, why are you wearing it?\" \"I'm not sure. I must have hit my head really hard because the guys found me out cold on the football field, I have a major headache, and I can't remember most of today. Or anything, for that matter.\" \"Um, that's really weird, Virgil. Come on, let's take you to the nurse,\" Stephanie said, looking concerned. \"No, Steph, I'm fine. Really. Other than my headache I just have to sort my memories out. It's really not a big deal.\" \"But what if you have amnesia or something?\" \"I don't. It's ok, I'm just confused. It's like that feeling when you wake up from a dream and you can't remember what's real and what isn't. But I'll be fine, don't worry. By tomorrow I'll be my normal self again. Now I gotta go get into some normal clothes.\" Stephanie smiled a little bit, but she looked unsure. \"Virgil, if anything else weird happens or you start to feel worse, promise me you'll tell someone, ok?\" \"I promise Steph. Now stop worrying.\" OoOoOoOoOo Zeke groaned and rubbed his head, but found it covered in a hood that he quickly threw back. He pulled the goggles covering his eyes off and looked at them. Still holding the goggles, he stood up quickly, but almost fell down again. Dizziness washed over him and his head started throbbing. After he felt a little better he quickly walked into the school and to his locker. He never noticed the boy who had been lying unconscious next to him on the football field. At his locker Zeke got out of the white snowsuit that he had been wearing over his clothes. He held it up and looked at it. Something about it seemed so familiar, but he couldn't remember ever seeing it before. He had no clue why he had been wearing it or why he had been unconscious on the football field, for that matter. Quickly he stuffed it into his locker and sighed. \"Hey, Virgil!\" someone called from across the hallway. Zeke looked up to see Virgil Fox walking down the hall. Virgil. He s one of the popular kids. Or is he one of the dorky ones? Why can t I remember? Zeke watched Virgil as he walked past, but suddenly Virgil stopped to look at him. Their eyes met for a few seconds. Memories of Virgil flashed through Zeke's mind, but they didn't seem to fit together. He could remember seeing Virgil sitting at the popular table, but an image of Virgil wearing a white snowsuit identical to the one Zeke had just put in his locker flashed across his mind. There was something about bean dip, a cat, and a machine. \"Hey, Virgil, what're you doing, man?\" The sudden voice cut the tie between Virgil and Zeke. Their eyes shifted away and Virgil continued walking. Zeke put his hand on his forehead, trying to think. Virgil Fox was friends with Derek Beaugard and Stephanie Jameson. He was one of the popular kids and he didn't care about anyone who wasn't as \"cool\" as him. Zeke slowly shook his head, knowing he was right, but unable to shake off the weird feeling in the pit of his stomach. OoOoOoOo Three days passed. Everyone had forgotten about Virgil being found unconscious on the football field. Everyone except Virgil. He tried to ignore his confusion, but it was always in the back of his mind, gnawing at his thoughts. He had no idea the same thing was bothering Zeke Thompson and Charlie Tuttle. Zeke was walking slowly down the halls, too absorbed with his thoughts to pay attention to where he was going. As he turned the corner, he collided with someone much shorter than him. He took a few steps backward to steady himself, but the person he ran into was knocked to the floor. \"Sorry,\" Zeke mumbled quickly. He reached down to help, but stopped when his eyes met those of the boy on the ground. They both froze, Zeke bending down with his hand out, and Charlie Tuttle still sprawled out on the hallway floor. Memories of Charlie ran through Zeke's head. He grabbed Charlie's arm and pulled him to his feet, but he felt like all his movements were slow and clumsy. He felt the same as he had when he looked at Virgil. \"Are we friends?\" Charlie asked, looking as confused as Zeke felt. \"I think so,\" Zeke answered slowly. \"Or, we were, maybe.\" \"You're Zeke. You build things. Did we build something?\" \"Wait, you invent stuff, right?\" \"Yeah. I think I do. Or I did. I think I invented something that you built.\" \"Look, man, are your memories as whacked out as mine?\" Charlie nodded. \"I haven't been able to remember much of anything right, anymore. It's like I have different memories that don't make sense together.\" Zeke nodded. \"Me too. But I know it all has to do with us and-\" Charlie and Zeke looked at each other and said the same name in unison: \"Virgil Fox.\" \"OK, you're coming with me,\" Zeke said quickly, pointing at Charlie. \"We need to find Virgil and figure this out before I go crazy.\" \"Wait, maybe we should just-\" Zeke grabbed the front of Charlie's shirt and started pulling him through the hallway, ignoring Charlie's objections and the weird looks he was getting. He didn't care anymore. OoOoOoOo Virgil was walking down an empty hallway, glad to be alone for once. He leaned against the wall and sighed, then turned when he heard someone walking towards him. Two someones. They all froze. Virgil Fox, Zeke Thompson, and Charlie Tuttle stared at each other for three minutes without saying anything, but they all remembered. Suddenly Virgil gasped, realizing that he'd been holding his breath. \"This is all because of me,\" he whispered. \"Because I changed it.\" \"This is the other side, Virg,\" Zeke said softly. \"Ah, this is so weird!\" Charlie exclaimed. \"I can remember two different lives. I remember being on that stupid statue with you, Virgil, and being there by myself. I remember the years I was your friend, but I remember the same years when I wasn't.\" Zeke glanced between Charlie and Virgil. \"Everything's changed.\" Virgil shook his head. \"I didn't think it would be like this. But it is.\" \"Well, at least we all know,\" Zeke said. \"I don't know what's gonna happen now. We'll never be the minutemen again, but, like I said once, it was a good ride. We can't change things any more. We just have to go on from here.\" OoOoOoOo The cafeteria was noisy as groups of students talked and ate. Virgil sat at the popular table, where everyone was laughing at a joke he just told. He laughed and took a bite of lunch, then looked around the room. He couldn't help glancing over at Zeke, who was sitting by himself, fiddling with a fork. Zeke looked up and caught Virgil's eye from across the room, then they both looked over at Charlie, who was at the dork table, rambling about something while no one really listened. Charlie looked over, and they all nodded at each other from their separate tables. The three of them were connected in ways no one could ever understand, but separated by barriers none of them were willing to break - yet. Virgil sighed, wondering what would have happened if he hadn't changed anything, and wishing that things had turned out different. OoOoOoOo A/N- I couldn't help thinking, What if? Honestly I think this fanfic is kind of sad, 'cause it doesn't exactly have a happy ending, which is unusual for being something I wrote. Obviously I'm happy the movie did not end this way. But I still couldn't stay away from that old question - What if? ","Summary":" \"Listen, listen, Virg. You do what you have to do down there. And if things aren't the same on the"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Beaches and Birthdays","Author":"Sarcasm Is My Friend","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4224966","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1Beaches and Birthdays A/N: Decided to do a VirgilxZeke oneshot since people liked my first one so much. Disclaimer: I do not own Minutemen It was his birthday, August 12, and hardly no-one remember. Well, nobody but his parents, that is. His mother tried to get him to go outside and have fun with his friends. \"How about if you go outside and go hang out with Charlie and Virgil?\" she asked him. \" Nope.\" he simply said. There was a reason why didn't want to see the blond in the first place. Ever since he met Virgil, he's had it bad for him. From thinking about him through the day to having certain dreams about him, he couldn't let ho of him. It's why he's always distant from Virgil. Not mention his love was with Stephanie. Zeke walked out of his house, finally taking his mother's advice about going outside. Walking to the beach, which was near, he thought about his feelings of the blond, and why he had pushed him away in the past. Sighing, he sat down, ignoring the fact that he was going to have sand all over him later. After staying there for a while, got up and took off his sneakers and socks. Walking into the water, he enjoyed the feeling of the cool liquid on his feet, relieving him of the scorching heat. He had always loved the water, and was enjoying the wonderful silence when he saw a familiar figure coming towards him. \"Hey Zeke.\" Virgil said, smiling. \"Oh, hey. Aren't you supposed to be with Mr. Einstein today watching a special on how the Earth was made?\" he said sarcastically. He wasn't particularly fond at people ruining his peace, but since it was him , he let it go. \"Uh, no. He decided to go somewhere with his mom. Apparently, they went to look at samples of mpss at some museum somewhere.\" Virgil said. \"Well, what about Stephanie? I'm sure you wouldn't want to waste a Saturday with her .\"said Zeke, narrowing his eyes. He wasn't sure why he was so anxious to get rid of him today. Maybe because his hair was slightly messed up and he looked so damn adorable. It took all of him just to not kiss him right there. \"I wanted to be with you. It's your birthday today, right?\" Virgil said, looking hurt. Damnit. He didn't mean to hurt him. \"Wait. You remembered my birthday?\" Zeke said, surprised. \"Yeah. I wanted to give you something, but I didn't know until know. Can I test it out first? I'm not sure if you like it.\" Virgil said, a bit nervous. \"Uh, sure. Go ahead.\" he said, a bit confused. He felt his face go red when the blond's lips landed on his. After a few second's of shock, he eagerly began to kiss back. Finally, after all this time, he finally got him. Virgil softly pulled back. \"Do you like it?\" he said, a bit breathless. \"I love it.\" said Zeke, smirking. He brought his lips back to Virgil's, wanting more of those soft lips he only felt in his dreams. And that was when Zeke realized that beaches and birthdays were his favorite conbination. A/N: This one's shorter than the other one, but I like it this way. R&R;, please. ","Summary":" 1Beaches and Birthdays A/N: Decided to do a VirgilxZeke oneshot since people liked my first one so "},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"More Than Enough","Author":"bean21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4368564","Passage":"[Chapter 1] More than Enough The cafeteria quickly filled up with talking students who hurried to get their lunch. Virgil Fox waited in the lunch line like he always did, but it was different this time. \"Hi!\" a cheerful voice called out from behind him. He turned around. \"Oh, hey Jeanette.\" \"Where's Charlie?\" Virgil sighed. \"He's at home, he got sick.\" \"Oh.\" Jeanette frowned. \"Tell him to get better soon, ok?\" \"Yeah, I will.\" Jeanette left, and Virgil finished getting his lunch. Balancing his lunch tray he wound through the people until he reached his table. Zeke was already there, eating. \"So Charlie's sick?\" \"Yeah,\" Virgil said as he sat down. \"Did you hear me talking to Jeanette?\" \"Yeah,\" Zeke answered, taking a bite of a homemade sandwich. The two ate in silence for a while, then Zeke set down his sandwich and leaned back. \"Dude, we need Charlie,\" he exclaimed, running his hand through his dark hair. \"I don't know what to do when I'm not stopping you two from fighting or trying to keep him from practically destroying the world–again.\" Virgil smiled and nodded. \"I know. It's way too quiet without all his talking.\" The two continued to eat in silence while Virgil looked around the cafeteria. He looked over at Stephanie and smiled when she looked at him. Then he looked over at Derek and his smile quickly disappeared. Zeke watched him closely. \"It's really weird,\" Virgil said softly, \"to think that all of this could be different right now. Sometimes I think about what might have happened if I had changed things when we went back. Do you ever think about that?\" Zeke looked down and didn't answer right away. After a little bit he answered quietly. \"Honestly? I think about it almost every day.\" Virgil looked at him and nodded. \"What do you think it would be like?\" he asked. \"It would be totally different. We would all be different places, eating with different people. I don't think anyone in this school would really be the same. They would all be affected, even if it was only a little bit.\" Zeke stopped talking and continued eating. \"I wonder if I would be popular,\" Virgil said softly, looking over at Derek and Stephanie's table again. \"You would be sitting over there right now, Virg,\" Zeke said, looking up. \"Who knows, you and Derek might be doing that dorky handshake or you'd be telling everyone some lame joke.\" \"Hey!\" Virgil said with a laugh. Zeke smiled but then his face became serious again as he continued talking. \"Me? I most likely wouldn't even be in here. I'd probably be off welding something. If I was here I would be sitting right where I am, but no one would be with me. Charlie? If he were able to be here he would probably be over at the dork table. Maybe he would start rambling about one of his newest inventions occasionally, but I doubt anyone would listen for very long. And even though he would be with all of them,\" Zeke nodded toward the table, \"he would be just as alone as I would be.\" Virgil was quiet for a little bit, thinking about what Zeke had said. \"It's so weird to think that I could have changed things so much,\" he said, thinking out loud more than anything. \"Would you have wanted to?\" Zeke asked. Virgil looked over at him before answering. \"For three years of my life I would have answered yes in a heartbeat. That was all I ever thought about, really, was how much I wished I could change what happened that day. I never really payed attention to what was going on in my life at the moment. I always thought about what had happened and how it had affected me, never about how it affected Charlie, or anyone else. I spent so much time thinking about myself and about the past. There are things I regret in my life. The day of the incident was one of them for a long time. It isn't any more. Now I just regret that I'll never get those years back.\" Zeke nodded. \"There are always gonna be things you regret in your life. It's that way with all of us. We can't change it anymore. But whatever it is that you regret, you just have to be sure you don't do it again, dude.\" Virgil nodded. \"I just wish I could make it up to Charlie.\" \"Look,\" Zeke said, \"maybe you can't get those three years back. Maybe you should've been there for Charlie more. So do it now. Everyone can see how important your friendship is to him, so just do what you didn't do before.\" Virgil nodded again. \"Yeah, but Charlie's not the only friend I have now.\" Zeke smiled. \"I'm glad you left things the way they are, man.\" \"Me too.\" \"Thanks, Virgil,\" Zeke said suddenly. \"Thanks for what?\" Zeke sighed. \"Right after the FBI let us go the first time, honestly you were being a jerk, but you said that you had given me a life. I didn't want to listen to you, but to some extent you were right.\" \"Zeke, I am so sorry about that, man,\" Virgil said quickly. \"I didn't bring it up so you would apologize, and I know that you're sorry, but I do want to thank you, because you were right. I was just a big guy everyone was afraid of. And even though I'm better at being alone than most people, everyone wants to be accepted to some extent. I don't care about being popular, I never have, but you and Charlie have been my friends when no one else would, so thank you.\" \"Listen, Zeke, I know that you think I don't have to apologize, but I just realized that I never did. I'm so sorry about everything that I said to you and Charlie and I'm sorry that I was only thinking of myself for so long. You've been an awesome friend to both me and Charlie, so thank you, too.\" Zeke smiled. \"I have quite a few friends now,\" Virgil said. \"But I sort of wish Derek was one of them.\" \"Woah, hang on a sec, Virg, ya lost me,\" Zeke exclaimed. \"I heard you stand up to Derek in the library the day we came back. I still don't understand everything you said to him, but you didn't exactly sound like you were jumping at the chance to be his friend.\" Virgil sighed. \"I don't want to be friends with that Derek. I wish he was the same guy he used to be, but he's changed so much, it's like he's a totally different person.\" \"So he wasn't always like he is now?\" \"You mean a complete jerk?\" Virgil laughed a little bit and shook his head. \"He used to be a really great guy. That first day of freshman year he totally changed.\" \"So, if you don't mind my asking, why did you stand up to Derek like that when you never did before?\" Zeke asked. \"Because I didn't realize quite how much he had changed until we went back. I saw him down there on the football field. While me and Charlie got carried away to be hung on the ram statue he stopped the other football players. I thought he was going to stand up for us. Turns out he's the reason we ended up wearing lipstick.\" Zeke slowly nodded. \"I just don't understand how someone can change that much,\" Virgil said. \"Popularity, or wanting to be popular, can change people,\" Zeke answered. \"Like I said before, everyone wants to be accepted. I think most people are tempted at some point to change themselves or the things they do in order to be popular or to be liked. Still, it's a stupid thing to do when you think about it, because even if people 'like' you, they'll only be liking the person you pretend to be, not who you really are. You probably don't want to hear this, but if Derek didn't stick up for you then just so he could save his own rep, I would be wondering if he was really a friend worth having.\" \"You're right,\" Virgil said quietly. \"It was like he was slowly changing over time and I didn't realize it. But when I think about it, Charlie has been a better friend to me than Derek ever was, and you have too, even if I haven't known you as long. You're right about the popularity thing, too, and I never really understood any of it for a long time. I always thought the popular kids were having way more fun than I ever would. I got to hang out with them for a little bit when we were the minutemen. Thinking about it now, I would rather hang out with you guys any day. Even if I'm not popular with you guys, I know that you're my real friends, and I know you'll stick up for me, and that's more than enough.\" Zeke nodded. He looked down at his watch, then up at the teens clearing out of the cafeteria. \"We better go, dude.\" \"Yeah,\" Virgil agreed, gathering his things and standing up. \"Oh, hey, it's Friday, isn't it?\" \"Yep.\" \"Me and Charlie always get together on Friday nights. The weather network counts down the top 10s. Tonight it's the top 10 earthquakes of all time, so if Charlie's feeling ok do you want to come?\" Zeke smiled slightly. \"Top 10 earthquakes?\" Virgil smiled. \"I know it sounds really corny, but it's kinda cool in a dorky sort of way. If you don't want to come you don't have to, I just-\" \"Virg,\" Zeke interrupted with a smile. \"Call me and let me know if Charlie's feeling good enough. If he is, well, you can count me in.\" After a pause he added, \"Ya know, lunch wasn't as bad as I thought it might be.\" The two friends smiled and quietly walked to class. ","Summary":" More than Enough The cafeteria quickly filled up with talking students who hurried to get their lun"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Minutemen 2","Author":"DeweyFinn21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9571452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Minutemen 2 By DeweyFinn21 Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen. This is just how I feel a sequel could go. Author's Note: I am ignoring the ending made for the DVD. I think that the teleportation aspect could do some interesting ideas. 30 Seconds after the ending of Minutemen: \"Guys, just listen to me! There's no worry with teleportation.\" \"Black holes, Charlie!\" Zeke warned. \"That was only caused by the manipulation of the space-time continuum. If we don't affect the time part, the black hole can't start.\" \"Charlie.\" Zeke threatened. \"Give me a week to prove it.\" \"No!\" Virgil spoke up. \"Why not?\" Charlie whined. \"Because, I'm hitting it off with Stephanie! I don't need another disaster to erase everything again!\" \"It won't erase it. The black hole is a statistical impossibility.\" Charlie told them. \"No.\" Virgil and Zeke said. \"But,\" \"No.\" They arrived at the room where all the time travel had happened. They threw Charlie in there. \"Make sure he doesn't leave until he stops talking about it.\" Virgil said. \"And you will?\" \"I need to talk to Stephanie. I mean, that was a weird way to leave. So.\" Virgil said. \"Okay, I understand. You might want to take the snowsuit off though.\" \"I'm wearing my suit from the dance. She's gonna think I'm weirder than if I just keep it on.\" \"Look, Virg. Steph liked you before we went in the black hole. I think she won't mind.\" Zeke said. \"Okay.\" Virgil took off the snowsuit and handed it to Zeke. He headed off to the library. Stephanie was about to leave when Virgil came back. \"What was that all about?\" \"Eh, you know Charlie, always has some crazy idea.\" \"Was the clothes one of them?\" \"Oh, this, no, this is just for the upcoming dance.\" \"The one that's months away?\" \"Yeah.\" Virgil said. \"Okay, what's up?\" \"Nothing!\" Virgil insisted. \"Virgil.\" Stephanie prodded. \"Okay, fine, but you won't believe me, so, I'll tell you after school. Come to my house.\" \"Okay?\" Stephanie said. Virgil walked back to the others. \"So, how'd it go?\" Zeke asked. \"I'm gonna tell her.\" \"WHAT?\" Charlie exploded. \"Charlie, look, it never happened, so I have no worries. If she doesn't believe me, I always have an ace up my sleeve.\" Virgil told them. \"What?\" Zeke asked. \"Okay, so maybe I don't clean out my pockets that often.\" Virgil said. Zeke opened up his snowsuit to find a VHS. \"Virgil, this isn't the final game that we needed to change, is it?\" Charlie asked. \"Yeah. I sorta showed it to Steph and Derek.\" \"And that's why they liked you more.\" Zeke concluded. \"Well, Derek at least, but I don't need him.\" Virgil said. \"Virgil, you can't tell her.\" Charlie said. \"Look, she's already agreed to come to my house, so if I don't tell her an unbelievable story, she'll think that I'm a loser.\" \"No she won't.\" Charlie said. \"Oh, so you kiss Jeanette and suddenly you're the master of relationships.\" Virgil said sarcastically. \"No, look, I'm gonna be checking every possible risk for the teleportation, I don't need you needing my help when Stephanie walks out on you.\" Charlie said. \"Charlie.\" Zeke said, shocked. \"No, he's right, Steph will walk. Unless I tell her the truth.\" \"NO!\" \"Yes!\" \"No.\" \"Yes.\" \"You won't listen to me anyway.\" Charlie said, defeated. Virgil walked away grabbing the snowsuit and video tape. The rest of the school day was uneventful. Maybe it was because Charlie wasn't talking to Virgil. When Virgil arrived home he sat on the couch waiting for Stephanie. A few minutes pass before she knocks on the door. \"Hi, Steph. Come in, please.\" Virgil said leading her to the couch. \"So, what's so unbelievable that you couldn't tell me at school. \"You wanna know why I had the snowsuit and tacky clothes on underneath?\" \"Yeah.\" \"It's because I traveled through time.\" \"What?\" Stephanie asked, not really believing him. \"Look, I know it sounds crazy, but Charlie invented a time machine and we used it and it created a black hole which almost destroyed the world but we stopped it and then came back to today.\" \"You're right? I don't believe you.\" \"Steph. Would I lie to you about something like this?\" Virgil asked. Stephanie paused. She was going through a scenario where lying about being a time traveler would be better than telling the truth. \"Steph, look at me.\" She looked into his eyes. \"I'm not lying.\" Stephanie paused. \"I know.\" She whispered. \"What?\" Virgil asked. \"You're not lying. Your eyes tell it all.\" Stephanie said. \"Okay then, I didn't even have to bring out the tape!\" Virgil said excited. \"What tape?\" Stephanie asked. \"The final football game tape. Where Derek gets tackled because Chester ran across the field in his underwear.\" \"What?\" Stephanie asked. \"You wanna see it?\" \"Sure.\" Stephanie said confused. Virgil put the tape in and pressed play. On screen, the football team was doing the play, when Derek looks to the side and gets tackled. \"You know, when that happened the first time, that was the worst. Mostly 'cause we inadvertently caused it, but now, knowing what Derek did to us. It feels good.\" Virgil admitted. \"Us?\" \"Yeah, he's the one who dressed me and Charlie up, and he's cheating on you with Jocelyn.\" Virgil said. \"He is?!\" Stephanie exclaimed. \"Yeah, he wanted me to stop you from seeing them together.\" \"Did you do it?\" \"No, the black hole was a bigger priority.\" Virgil told her. \"If that didn't happen, would you have done it?\" Stephanie asked. \"No.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because you deserve someone better than a jerk like him.\" \"Anything else.\" \"Well, technically, we did win King and Queen at the dance.\" \"We did?\" \"Yeah, you were a shoe-in. I stuffed the box with my name.\" \"I would've voted for you.\" \"Funny, you said that last time, too.\" Virgil said. \"Well, how far did we get in that timeline.\" \"Derek pulled me away before we could kiss at the dance, and then we just exchanged words before the black hole, and Charlie interrupted our moment earlier.\" \"So, did anything else important happen?\" \"You got the scholarship.\" Virgil said. \"Really!\" \"Yeah, but you still need to train hard, this is a different timeline now. Something very different could happen.\" \"So, I got the scholarship on my own.\" \"Well, I helped a little.\" Virgil said. \"How?\" \"I saved you from breaking your leg.\" \"What?\" \"Yeah, you broke your leg because we got Eugene to start acting cool. So, we went back and I saved you.\" \"We? Let me guess, you and Charlie?\" \"And Zeke. He was our muscle guy.\" \"Was?\" \"I doubt Charlie's going to perfect his teleportation technology, so we'll just be friends. No need for a brain, muscle, and heart.\" \"Oh, so you were the heart.\" \"Yeah, I named us, and caused us to do what we did.\" \"What was your name?\" \"The Minutemen.\" \"Oh, I get it, because of the all-important minutes of time! Clever!\" \"That's exactly how I explained it, but nobody could get our name right until the end.\" \"What'd they call you?\" \"Snowsuit guys.\" \"Hmm. Well, your outfit didn't exactly scream time traveler.\" Stephanie pointed out. \"Yeah, but the time stream always got cold.\" \"Oh, I see.\" Stephanie said. \"Well, that's my story.\" Virgil said. \"But none of it happened now, did it?\" Stephanie asked. \"No. But I think it'll be better this way. I wouldn't be able to live with it if he made you cry again.\" \"So, you didn't know he would cheat on me?\" \"No, it just happened. He wanted me to undo it, but like I said, you were making me have second thoughts.\" \"Virgil, do I detect a crush?\" Stephanie teased. \"Depends.\" \"On what?\" \"On how long you've noticed.\" \"Well, Freshman Year. But I could be off and just remembering when I got my first crush.\" \"Ugh.\" Virgil rolled his eyes. \"What?\" \"Can you please not talk about how you fell for Derek?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Your first crush, freshman year. Come on, Steph.\" \"The problem with that is, that I never acted on my crush. And I regret every single day of it.\" Stephanie said as she leaned in closer to Virgil. \"Me?\" \"Yep.\" \"So?\" \"What?\" \"Are we?\" \"Dating?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Good.\" Virgil sighed. Stephanie took a chance and kissed him. Virgil kissed back. Charlie was going through the scenarios. He tried every bad thing he could think of. They were all avoided. Teleportation could actually work with no ill effects. He got started on plans for a machine to create the teleportation field. That was the first chapter. I have plans for this story. Teleportation plans. Virgil/Stephanie plans. And other plans. I got a lot of plans. Please review, people and suggest what you would like to see, and if I can fit it in, I will.[Chapter 2] Minutemen 2 By DeweyFinn21 Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen. The next day at school, Stephanie and Virgil arrived together. \"Stephanie!\" Derek said. \"What are you doing with him?\" He asked. \"Well, I figured I might as well come to school with my boyfriend. \" She told him. \"What?\" \"I'm breaking up with you. We're done.\" Stephanie said. \"Have fun with Jocelyn.\" Virgil added. \"Steph!\" \"Bye, Derek.\" Stephanie said. \"Yeah, see you D-Rock.\" Virgil told him. Charlie was spending most of his time working on his teleportation device. He needed to finish it to prove to Zeke and Virgil that he could do it with no ill effects. During the next few weeks at school, Charlie was isolated from the others. \"Hey, where is Charlie?\" Stephanie asked one day. \"I don't know, he hasn't been around the last few days.\" Zeke told her. \"Is he working on something?\" Jeanette asked. \"You don't know?\" Steph asked. \"No. He's hasn't really been talking to anybody lately. Something must have happened.\" \"Does she know?\" Stephanie whispered to Virgil. \"I don't think so. Charlie got mad when I told him that I told you.\" Virgil replied. \"You think that I'm the reason he's been gone?\" Steph asked, worried. \"No. That's not it. He's probably just making something and not telling us so that it's a surprise.\" Virgil tried to explain, although he didn't really know how much of it was true. \"Yeah, that makes sense.\" Stephanie said. It had been a month since then. Charlie had been eating with them at most, twice a week, although most times they were lucky if they saw him at all. \"Virgil. I think you need to talk to Charlie. He's not himself.\" Jeanette told him. \"I'll come too.\" Zeke said. \"Okay, I'll go see why he's been ignoring us.\" Virgil conceded. Zeke and him had headed to 'The room' and opened the door. Charlie was there working on something. \"Just some troubleshooting.\" Charlie yelled out. \"Doesn't look like it.\" Virgil said. \"The adults don't really question it if you say that you're troubleshooting. They think it solves everything.\" Charlie told him when he recognized the voice. \"Hey, Charlie.\" \"Virgil.\" \"What's going on? What is this?\" He asked. \"It's my teleportation generator.\" \"Generator?\" Zeke asked. \"I started with a gate system, but the problem with that is that it's basically a one way trip until you build a gate on the other side.\" Charlie explained. \"So, this is?\" \"I found a way to power the teleportation with the power of the brain.\" Charlie told them. \"Of course. The brain is basically a supercomputer, so it'd make sense.\" Zeke said. \"Exactly! I've almost finished. It's been sorta hard since I've been on my own, but I've got it done.\" \"I would have helped you, Charlie.\" Zeke told him. \"Me too.\" Virgil added. \"Yeah, I know I probably should've asked you, but you two aren't as smart as me and I knew that if I would make this as long term as my time machine, I'd be done with college and on my second job.\" Charlie said. \"Oh.\" Virgil said. \"You guys wanna see what I've got?\" Charlie asked. Okay, sorry for the short chapter, but more stuff will come up soon. I hope that you enjoyed this. Please review. Also, today, December the Twelfth of the year Two-Thousand-Thirteen is my Seventeenth birthday. Happy birthday to me! Anyways, please tell me what you thought. ","Summary":" Minutemen 2 By DeweyFinn21 Disclaimer: I don't own Minutemen. This is just how I feel a sequel coul"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Once, We Were","Author":"ontheinside","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7913790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once, We Were. Part One. There's a Hole In Our History [An Empty Place In My Heart] Just before Charlie calls, Zeke's having that dream again. The Vortex is spinning, big and bright and loud and he has his back to it, his hand out to Virgil. \"Dude, come on, just jump,\" he yells. \"Go back with me.\" He keeps shouting, pleading until he's almost sick with it. Virgil doesn't move. He just opens his mouth to talk, but the voice that calls out isn't his own. You've got Zeke, leave a message. /Zeke? Hi, it's Charlie. I was hoping to talk to you in person but, well, this will have to do. I'm just calling to let you know that Virgil's having a birthday party next Saturday. I mean, I know you haven't seen him since … I don't know, the last birthday party, maybe, but I thought you might like to come and let us know how you're doing. I – we - everyone misses you, and we really, really hope you can make it. It's at 8 o'clock, at Virgil's parents' house. Okay? Okay, so. Bye. Bye, Zeke./ Zeke slowly unclenches his anxious, angry fists, before rolling over and burying his head under his pillow. … When people ask him what happened, he's always ready with an excuse. We were too different. We grew apart. We had no time to hang out. My dog ate Charlie's homework. It was all a hoax. I have a contagious disease so you should move away. He never tells people the truth. He never says, Virgil hates me, because then they'd ask Why? and then Zeke would have to stop and think about it. … Zeke lives in a cheap little flat behind his parents' house. A place to eat, sleep, crap and clean, and a little TV for his DVDs. The fridge hums, and the walls shake when the washer's on, but it's enough. Zeke's always been happy with what he needs. The things he wants are too much trouble. After Summerton, he went to work in the Cycle Cemetery. It was supposed to be for a little while, until he could decide what he wanted to do, but that was nearly three years ago and the only decisions he could make these days were, Captain Crunch or Froot Loops? Motorbike or car? On Saturday night, Zeke walks to Virgil's place. Charlie had left ten more messages, had all but bribed Zeke into going to this party. It's important, he kept saying, it's important. The last thing Virgil had said to Zeke was, 'stay away from me'. That's what's important and he's doing the wrong thing here, but that's Zeke. That's Zeke, when it comes to Virgil. At the Fox's, Zeke circles the block eight times, before going in. There are people everywhere, just as he'd expected. The noise is so loud it feels like he could swallow it. He pushes through with hands and elbows and hips, hunched and keeping his head down. In the corner of the living room, a little pile of presents sits and waits. Zeke pulls the small parcel from his jacket pocket, wrapped in newspaper and tied with a thin, leather band. He fiddles with it for a moment, questions his intention with shaking hands, but decides to drop it quickly and turn back. \"Zeke!\" It's Charlie. He's still short, and that big, happy grin still compensates. \"You made it!\" \"I guess so.\" \"You got taller. Did you? It looks like it. How are you? What have you been up to? Wow. It feels like I haven't seen you in years. Just the other day I said to Virgil – Virgil! Of course, you want to see Virgil. Wait here and I'll go and get him for you.\" Once Charlie's out of eyesight, Zeke heads for the door. There's too much here. He can't breathe. … On Tuesday and Friday nights, Zeke goes down to the local Community House and plays Chess. It's mostly old guys with their trousers up under their armpits, but some other people go too. Younger people. It's where he met Rachel, three months ago. The latest girl in a string of going-nowhere girls. \"Where were you on Saturday?\" she asks one night, back at Zeke's place. She's twisted n the bed sheets and he's making coffee in his briefs. It looks settled, serious, but it doesn't feel that way. Zeke lies easy. \"I went out, with Paul and Brad and them.\" Rachel's a nice girl. A nurse-in-training, with good hair and a great ass. Zeke should like her more than he does, and she definitely deserves better, but. This is all he's got right now – a night here and there, lunch once in a while – and she knows it, and she stays. That's her choice. \"That's funny. I spoke to Paul and he said he hadn't seen you.\" Zeke walks back into the room, hands her coffee with a shrug. \"Yeah, well.\" \"Is there something I should know?\" \"No.\" Rachel throws him a look of disbelief. He's not sure that he's lying when he says, \"Really. It's nothing.\" … You've got Zeke, leave a message. /Zeke, it's Charlie. I just wanted to check you're okay. I couldn't find you at the party, and someone said they saw you leave in a hurry, so I thought I'd better check. I mean, not like a parent but just as a friend. I mean, not that I can assume you're my friend, I haven't spoken to you in such a long time and I know, well I think that you're busy, but I hope that you could maybe find time to catch up with us. It's about time, don't you think? Call me back, okay? Bye./ … They haven't seen each other for 351 days, when Virgil walks into the Cycle Cemetery that Saturday. He's striding, really, hard and fast, and there's determination etched deep in his expression. From this distance, Zeke can see how much he's changed. He's bulked up, the lines of his biceps peeking out from the bottom of his sleeves. His hair's a little longer with a new curl to it; while his skin is a shade darker and freckling. Piece by piece he's become less and less like the Virgil Zeke knew. \"What the hell is this?\" he yells when he nears, before hurling something at Zeke which Zeke catches with one hand. It's the present he had left, still wrapped but imperfect. Zeke just curls his fist around it tightly, and turns his head. \"What are you doing, Zeke?\" \"I'm trying to work,\" Zeke says, his jaw clenched so hard it hurts. \"What are you doing in my life?\" \"I'm not. Charlie invited me.\" \"Charlie?\" Virgil laughs like it's the least funny thing he's ever heard. \"You mean my best friend? Who, by the way, won't shut up about you, and won't listen to me when I tell him I don't want to see you. Who keeps saying that the three of us should catch up, like old times, even though every time he calls you, you ignore him. You mean that Charlie?\" Zeke looks up at him, though he can barely stand it. \"Virg, I - \" \"No. Don't say – don't anything . I thought I told you. I thought I was clear, last time.\" \"Oh, yeah. Crystal clear. I carried a black eye around for weeks.\" \"What? Am I supposed to feel bad?\" \"You're supposed to …\" Zeke stops. He'd spent months imagining what Virgil might have done - could have, should have, would have - if things had been different. But they weren't different, and they couldn't change that, and they'd made a choice, a long time ago, that it wasn't their right to change anything . \"What, Zeke? Tell me.\" \"I'm not in your life, Virg,\" Zeke says, ignoring the way Virgil flinches at the epithet. \"I just used to be, that's all.\" Zeke tries to hand him back the present but Virgil puts his hands in the air, no. \"I only want one thing from you.\" \"What?\" \"I want you to go and see Charlie. Tell him whatever you want, but make him understand. I don't want any part of it. Okay?\" Zeke just watches, helpless, as Virgil leaves. Again. … On Prom Night, they snuck out to the football field with Charlie's home-made fire crackers and a cheap bottle of wine. Zeke can't remember how long they were out there, but it felt like full, endless hours. Just the hoot and whistle of their voices, the rough and tumble of their play. It was their farewell to Summerton, homage to the minutemen. It was never a farewell to their friendship. They hadn't had that yet, not really. … Zeke doesn't remember the first day of High School. At least, he doesn't remember seeing Virgil and Charlie hanging off the ram. The first time he bothered to notice them – for real – was the same day they met. Two little nerds peering at him cautiously. Virgil had always been thankful for that. Zeke had always been sorry he'd spent the first two years of High School, alone at the back of Geometry instead of having spit ball competitions with Virgil and trading magazines with Charlie. In the end, Zeke does what Virgil asked – just like old times – and finally calls Charlie back. They buy doughnuts and coffee and sit on an old park bench, while Charlie gives Zeke a day by day briefing on Life Since He Was Gone. After one too many, 'Virgil can explain that one later's, Zeke cuts in. \"Charlie, there's something I haven't told you.\" Charlie swallows his mouthful so fast it looks painful. \"Oh. No. You're not dying are you?\" \"Uh, no. I mean, not any faster than your average person.\" \"Thank God. The look on your face was like, Terminal Illness.\" Zeke can't help but smirk. \"It's safe to say you're still the weirdest person I know.\" \"I'll take that as a compliment. So? What aren't you telling me?\" Zeke falters. The truth is, the truth has only ever been, Charlie will always pick Virgil. He will call Zeke, he will text and fax and e-mail and smoke signal Zeke until he's blue in the face but he will always pick Virgil. Zeke understands that, but he doesn't feel good about it. He doesn't feel good about losing Charlie again. \"It's Virgil,\" Zeke finally manages to say, staring at his hands. \"And me. We don't talk. We're not talking.\" \"Since when?\" \"Since, a long time ago. We had a fight and now we don't talk.\" To his credit, Charlie doesn't scoff or laugh or tell Zeke the figures don't compute. His voice stays level. \"Why? What did you fight about?\" \"Just … some stuff happened that we couldn't agree on and we couldn't be friends any more. I should have stayed in touch with you though.\" \"Why are you being so evasive?\" Zeke sighs, finally finding the courage – or accepting defeat– and looking Charlie in the eye. He respects him too much to lie. \"Well, because I don't want to talk about it. I just want you to stop worrying about me and Virgil hanging out. It's not gonna happen.\" \"Zeke - \" \"Charlie, don't start this okay? This isn't a Science Project. You don't have the answer to this.\" … Zeke doesn't do much. There's Chess, and bikes, beer with his friends and nights in with Rachel, but that's basically it. It's funny, in a way, how he's the same guy he was before everything went bad. How his life has sort of looped in on itself. \"There was a card by the door,\" is the first thing Rachel says when Zeke gets home one night. She has a key he never offered her, but he likes the way she takes what she wants without asking. Zeke could learn a lot from her. \"I hope you don't mind that I read it.\" Zeke shrugs and heads for the kettle. \"What kind of card?\" \"Just a plain white one. It has a time and a date and it's signed Charlie .\" \"Oh. Okay.\" Rachel comes to stand beside him, the small of her back rested against the counter and her arms folded. She says, \"Who's Charlie?\" as if she doesn't care, but Zeke knows her better than that. \"Just an old friend.\" \"An old girlfriend?\" \"No. He's a he.\" Even if Zeke had told him differently, from time to time. \"You don't talk about your friends much.\" \"There's not a lot to tell.\" \"What about this Charlie? Where's he from?\" The kettle whistles, and Zeke pulls two cups from the cabinet. \"High School,\" he answers quickly, and, \"Can we please stop talking about this?\" \"I'm just trying to get to know you better,\" Rachel mutters under her breath, her arms folding tighter. She tries to hide her face behind the long drape of her hair, but Zeke reaches out and brushes it away. \"Okay. Sorry. Just … ask a different question.\" … It was less than a month after graduation when Zeke took a ride in the back of a police car. It was the first and last time, and the cops had gone easy on him, but he'd always wear it like a brand. It would never be okay. When they told him to call home, he dialled Virgil's number without thinking, and Virgil got across town quicker than Zeke thought possible. They didn't talk until Virgil pulled into Zeke's driveway, asking, \"What happened, man?\" \"I tried to steal some bourbon,\" he had said, quickly, because he'd been expecting the question. Virgil didn't ask why. Zeke didn't say, because you're at college, because Charlie's going to be rich, because dad keeps telling me I could do more . Virgil didn't ask anything. He just said, \"You should've called me before you did that.\" … The card is addressed to Charlie's house. The same house they almost burnt down making pancakes. The same house the cops raided after reports there'd been gun fire [it had been one of Charlie's experiments]. The same house that had hosted movie marathons and Nintendo battles and so much pizza they made friends with the delivery guy. When Charlie swings the door open, grinning, it's almost like Zeke never left. \"You actually came.\" \"I know you like surprises.\" \"Well, come in. You know how it goes, leave your shoes, your jacket and - \" \"- my miseries by the door,\" Zeke finishes with a grin. \"That's right. You're in my house now.\" Charlie pulls Zeke in for a swift and manly hug, a heavy and trying-too-hard pat on his back. \"Come on, let's go downstairs.\" Zeke follows Charlie down the old, winding staircase, and it hits him, a swift, curving bullet. That smell, that one creaking step, those initials carved into the banister with Virgil's Swiss Army Knife. It's like stepping back in time, [even if he'd sworn never to do it again]. It's almost addictive. The first thing he sees as he leaves the bottom stair is Virgil. Virgil leaps off the sofa so quick he almost falls over. \"What's going on?\" he shouts, red in the face and snarling. \"I told him,\" Zeke protests, turning to Charlie. \"I told you.\" \"You didn't tell me anything.\" \"I can't believe this.\" Virgil tries to leave but Charlie stands in front of him. He's a whole head shorter, but his hand is firm and his expression means business. \"Virgil, no. You are not walking out on this.\" Zeke steps back. \"I'm going anyway.\" \"You are not.\" Charlie points a finger at Zeke, his arms out between them both like a goalkeeper trying to save something. \"You're both going to sit down and tell me what's going on.\" \"What is this, Charlie?\" Virgil says, mocking. \"An intervention ?\" \"Yes,\" he replies, without a hint of embarrassment. \"That's exactly what this is. I mean, what happened? You two were inseparable. You were always going off without me - \" \"That's a stretch - \" \"You were always talking about stuff I didn't understand, and keeping things from me to protect me. But that was fine. I knew you did it because you were my friends and you wanted the best for me.\" Zeke rubs a weary hand over his face. Just standing here, these few feet from Virgil and all of Virgil's loathing; knowing he, Zeke, is the only person who has ever made Virgil feel this way. It's exhausting, he can feel his body – the deepest parts – start to unwind. \"Charlie - \" \"Well in case you missed it, guys, this isn't what's best for anyone! Ever since Zeke's been gone, Virgil, you've done nothing but whine.\" \"I don't - \" \"Zeke?\" Charlie adds, before Virgil can finish. \"What about you?\" \"Charlie, stop it,\" Zeke's starting to get angry now. \"I told you, you can't fix it.\" \"I'm not trying to fix it. I'm trying to make you fix it. Both of you.\" There's a pause. A shuffle of feet and a clearing of throats before Virgil says, plainly, \"No.\" \"Why? What is so bad that you can't get past it?\" Again, quiet. Zeke can hear his heart thumping; he can feel it hard against his throat. Virgil will tell. It won't be spiteful, and he won't be trying to get Charlie on side. He just wants this to be over. He wants Zeke to be gone. He will tell. \"You know how I broke up with Steph because she kissed another guy?\" Charlie glances quickly between them, not catching on. \"Yeah?\" \"The other guy was Zeke.\" … AN: Despite how Minutemen ages – not to mention how I age – I can't stop loving this trio and their story. There will be more, of course, but thanks for reading this part, it's nice to know I'm not alone in my affections.[Chapter 2] Once, We Were. Chapter Two. I Keep Trying To Do The Math, Keep Getting You [And Me]. Stephanie was never Zeke's type. He didn't see her like Virgil did. He didn't see the childhood dream; the fresh faced girl with pigtails and big plans. He saw a cheerleader who complained about popularity, but wouldn't give it up. He saw the one person who stood between Virgil and his self-esteem for the better part of three years. He didn't like her. He resented her. And he'd always hate himself for kissing her. . This is Charlie Tuttle. I'm unavailable, but if you leave all the necessary information I will be with you at a more suitable time. Thanks! /It's Zeke. Again. Would you stop screening my calls?/ This is Charlie Tuttle. I'm unavailable, but if you leave all the necessary information I will be with you at a more suitable time. Thanks! /Charlie, come on. This isn't fair./ This is Charlie Tuttle. I'm unavailable, but if you leave all the necessary information I will be with you at a more suitable time. Thanks! /You have to talk to me, I have to explain./ . The Cold War carries on for the better part of two weeks. Zeke would usually be impressed with Charlie's willpower; he was always lousy at holding grudges. Even this past year, with Virgil out of the picture, Charlie was still sending e-mails and cards, and leaving messages when Zeke ignored his calls. \"Alright, I have a hypothetical for you,\" Zeke says, sitting at Paul's place playing Halo on his oversized and overpriced flat screen TV. Paul huffs out a laugh. \"Will it hurt?\" \"I guess time'll tell.\" \"Shoot.\" Zeke keeps his eyes trained on the game. He's known Paul for a while now, but they've never talked about anything that involved … emotions. \"Just say you had this girlfriend. This girlfriend that you've wanted for a really long time, since you were a kid, even, and. You get this girlfriend. You're really happy with her, things are great, life is wonderful with your girlfriend.\" \"Okay, so remind me,\" Paul says passively, dropping the remote in defeat. \"Did you say I have a girlfriend?\" \"Anyway,\" Zeke says in a low tone, forcing back a smirk. \"Anyway, you've also got a best friend. You've always been good to this friend. He probably owes you a lot. Except, one day, your girlfriend comes to you crying and she says, I'm sorry, your best friend kissed me and I kissed him back and I'm really sorry and can you ever forgive me and, so on and so on.\" Paul's quiet from his place on the couch. Zeke gathers enough courage to look over and see that Paul's mouth has fallen open a little. \"What?\" \"Well, what do you do?\" \"Zeke, what the hell?\" \"I just – I don't know what I'd do and I thought -\" Paul clasps a worried hand around Zeke's shoulder and gives it a shake. \"Is this about Rachel?\" \"What? No. Rachel's not my girlfriend. It's hypothetical.\" There's a muffled scoff. \"That was as hypothetical as Monica Lewinski.\" \"Just tell me what you'd do!\" There's quiet again, as Zeke's high, desperate voice bounces around the room. Suddenly, [and Paul must realise, surely] this isn't a time for their joking. \"I don't know,\" he answers slowly. \"I'd probably find a new girlfriend.\" Virgil had said goodbye to Stephanie, but whether he'd bothered to move on Zeke wasn't sure. It had been a long time since he was sure of anything. \"What about your friend? What would you do about him?\" Paul is still sceptical, by the look on his face, but he also remains serious. Honest. \"I'd probably hate him forever.\" . On the weekend, with Paul's confession still ringing in his ears, Zeke buys a bottle of bourbon and gets drunk. There's no party, no friends, and Rachel's not coming over so it's probably one of his uglier, more pathetic displays. The only thing he takes any comfort in, is that he doesn't stumble over to Charlie's house that night. He waits until he's hung over, with a ferocious, hurricane headache. \"Charlie!\" It's not long after 8, on a Sunday morning, and Charlie still lives at home, but Zeke pounds on his door, anyway. By the time anybody answers it, Zeke's hand is red and sore and cramped up into a fist. \"You're insane,\" Charlie tells him logically, despite his E-MC² pajamas and bed hair. It's apparently too early to fight, because Charlie doesn't wait for Zeke to beg to come in, and leads him through to the kitchen. \"You're lucky my parents were away for the night,\" he groans, rifling through the fridge. \"I'm sorry, I just couldn't sit at home pressing 'redial' any more.\" Charlie emerges with OJ and a twisted, angry brow. \"Gee, Zeke, life must be so hard for you.\" \"Okay, so you're still pissed at me. I'm glad we got that cleared up.\" \"You're wasting your time.\" Virgil's voice shoots through from the hallway and Zeke spins, shoving his back against the wall. He must look like a cornered animal. \"I didn't know you'd be here.\" \"Well, I am, and Charlie knows the whole story so there's no point coming in here smelling like booze and trying to win the fight.\" Zeke feels the blush in his cheeks. Virgil's on the other side of the room, and still he can smell him. Virgil's always known Zeke's penchant for alcohol, of course. He's always hated it. Zeke shouldn't have come, but he's here and he's not going to run and hide anymore. He spent a year too long doing that. \"If you're going to tell him the whole story, then tell the whole story ,\" Zeke says quietly, throwing a glance to Charlie. He doesn't look angry any more. Just confused. Curious. \"Not just the parts that suit you.\" Virgil folds his arms. His lips and shoulders and chest visibly tighten as he says, \"It's the parts that matter ,\" in a clipped voice. The tension's suddenly so thick Zeke can hardly breathe. Here it comes, like a freight train: big, furious truths that Virgil managed to dodge last time. Zeke will tie him to the track if he has to. He's going to say it. \"To you, maybe, but not to me.\" Charlie obviously senses the shift, trying hard to keep his tone impartial. \"Guys. What's going on?\" \"About a month before the party - \" \"You mean the night you kissed my girlfriend ?\" Virgil yells, panicky. \"Is that the party you mean? I'm just not sure. There were so many parties I don't want to get them confused. It was the one where you kissed my girlfriend, right?\" \"Virgil, please . Let Zeke finish.\" If anyone other than Charlie had asked, Virgil would have kept on yelling. Instead he ducks his head, hiding his face in the morning shadow. Zeke looks away from him, hands shaking. \"I was at Virgil's house and I told him something that he didn't want to hear.\" \"What?\" Charlie's voice is breathy and impatient. \"What did you say?\" \"I said …\" 1, 2, 3, say it . \"I told him I was in love with him.\" There's a loud, crashing silence that seems to stretch on forever. Zeke can only look at his shoes and gnaw on his bottom lip and wait for something to happen. It does. Virgil swears under his breath and thunders out with a slam of the back door. Zeke looks up at Charlie, to see that Charlie is staring at him like a new equation he has found. \"You told him you loved him?\" he says in a meek, little voice. It doesn't sound like he's upset, or disgusted. Surprised, definitely, and more than a little bewildered. \"Yeah. I told him, and I kissed him, and - \" \" You kissed him ?!\" This time Charlie's voice is an octave higher, and he clamps a hand over his mouth to cage it in. Zeke nods, moving to rest his elbows on the bench, and bury his head in his hands. It's all coming back now, in waves, in ways that he wouldn't let it before. \"He said that he was flattered, but he wasn't interested and that was it.\" \"Well …\" Charlie moves in close and lowers his voice again. \"What's that got to do with kissing Stephanie?\" Zeke is running on empty now. He'd gotten this far, he'd push as far as he could go. \"At first he was fine but then he started avoiding me,\" he explains to Charlie, who is wide eyed and attentive. Zeke wishes it was an hour after the kiss, a day or a week even. He wishes he'd trusted Charlie with it, had given Charlie the chance to help him through it. \"He wouldn't look at me, and soon he wouldn't talk to me. I tried to get to him, to tell him not to worry; that I wouldn't tell any one or try anything but he just got worse. He started talking crap, and pushing me around, just to make me go away.\" \"Why didn't I see this?\" Charlie sounds disappointed. The problem he knew was there, but couldn't see. It really was unfixable, just like Zeke had said. \"He didn't want you to see.\" \"So you kissed Stephanie, for what? Revenge?\" \"No.\" Zeke looks up, meeting Charlie's sad gaze. \"I kissed her because I knew he couldn't ignore it.\" . They had been out on the front porch, lounged in the swing, chatting, laughing, waiting for Virgil's mom to remind Zeke it was a school night and he should be getting home. Virgil was grinning about something- Zeke can't remember what, now – and it was so big and bright and disarming that Zeke said the words before he even had time to think them. I love you . It was so incredibly stupid that he felt like he should clean up, rewind, but it just kept coming out, I'm sorry dude, it's true, I don't know what to do about it , and kept coming until the only thing he could think to do was stopper it by leaning in and pressing his mouth to Virgil's. There were five slow, hesitant seconds where Zeke thought it was going to work. Virgil was going to open his mouth and let him. That was all he'd been left with. Five seconds. . The only thing Zeke can think to do is become buried in his work. Every motorbike, bicycle, spare part and tyre that rattles through, Zeke has his hands on it before his dad can protest. He tells another lie – mounds and mounds of lies, no point stopping now – about saving, and travelling, and having a life plan. It's something every parent loves to hear. Besides, it's not completely dishonest. Escaping would probably be the best thing for everyone. \"What's going on with you?\" Rachel snaps one night, after coming over and finding Zeke's not in the mood for her – again. She's sprawled out on the bed, half naked, and he can't lie with her, be near her, be satisfied. \"I'm just, stressed, with work and stuff,\" he mumbles, walking aimlessly around, pretending to tidy. She pushes her body against him, slides her hands across him, presses her mouth to his skin, and he aches, and aches, and can't find the wound to heal it. \"You're the one who has taken on extra work, Zeke, you didn't have to.\" \"I didn't have to? Jesus, Rach, do you think I want to live here forever?\" Rachel gets up from the bed, and starts pulling on some pants. \"I don't know, you never tell me anything.\" \"Well I don't,\" Zeke barks, dropping whatever he had picked up back onto the floor. \"I don't want to be here and I don't want to feel like this and I don't know what else to do about it.\" \"Zeke.\" \"I'm in love, Rach. There's someone else, there's always been someone else.\" They'd had that talk, briefly, no details. \"And up until now it's been cool, I've dealt with it, but I'm struggling right now, and you gotta let me struggle. I can't be your boyfriend. I can't be your responsibility.\" \"I know, I just - \" her voice trails off but Zeke can hear what she meant to say. I hoped it would be different. She goes to him, where he's slouched in an armchair, and crawls up onto his lap. Zeke closes his eyes, feeling the brush of her cheek on his neck. His hands claw at the sofa. \"Have you had enough of me?\" she asks quietly. \"No,\" he tells her, and doesn't add, I've had enough of me . Instead, he takes her back to bed. . Charlie waits another week before calling, before coercing Zeke into coffee and pie. Back when things were normal, when they spent every other hour of the day together, they ate a lot of pie. Charlie went through a Scientific Chef phase, inventing so many recipes, so extreme, that they started to become inedible. Zeke could fill books upon books with all the stupid things they did, all the time they wasted, but he could never explain how good it was. \"You can talk to me about Virgil, you know,\" Charlie tells him, as their conversation hits a lull. \"It doesn't bother me, that you're gay, I hope you didn't think - \" \"I'm not gay,\" Zeke tells him, crossing his arms. \"I'm in love with Virgil. It's not the same.\" \"You're still …?\" Zeke leans his elbows against the table, crowding in close, asking, quietly, \"How is he? Is he okay?\" \"Yeah, I guess,\" Charlie takes a long, noisy slurp of shake from his straw. He's still like an overgrown kid, so smart and yet so innocent. Big, hopeful eyes. Zeke shouldn't have brought him into this. It's not fair. \"He's just … quiet.\" \"Quiet? Quiet how?\" \"He keeps to himself mostly. He studies, plays some sport, stays over sometimes. His life is just … quiet.\" \"But he's happy?\" Zeke asks, and he knows how it sounds, he knows Charlie can hear the desperation in his voice. If he can't have Virgil then maybe he can have that. \"Zeke, can you tell me,\" Charlie seems to squirm in his seat, like he has an upset stomach, or a burning in his chest. \"Tell me why you had to kiss him?\" \"Charlie,\" \"No, really, I just mean. Everything was great, wasn't it? You were happy. What changed? What made you think, I have to kiss him, even though he has a girlfriend, even though the odds of him liking me back are so marginal, so - \" \"We sparked, Charlie,\" Zeke cuts in, his head in a hand, the other rummaging in his coat pocket. \"We had something, different, and I thought, I thought that he wanted it too.\" From his pocket he pulls out the present that Virgil had given back, and passes it over. \"Would you give it to him?\" \"You should - \" \"Please, Charlie, I think I've done enough. Just give it to him and tell him it doesn't mean anything, that he can throw it out or give it away, it doesn't mean anything.\" \"It means everything,\" Charlie says in a sad voice, but he takes it, anyway, and he looks at Zeke like he's seeing him properly for the first time. . Virgil liked to stand on chairs and present people when they walked into a room. He liked to stick candy in soda and watch it explode and leave the mess for someone else to clean. When it was cold he walked around in a t-shirt to see the gooseflesh on his skin, and when it was hot he would sneak up behind Zeke and put ice under his collar. Virgil talked too much when he was nervous, and talked too much when he wasn't. He listened to The Cure and Christina Aguilera and he bought pants too big so he could always wear a belt. He kissed Stephanie when he thought no-one was looking, because he hated seeing people in public and didn't want to be that kind of couple. Virgil smelt like apples and Dr. Pepper and when his hair was wet he would slick it back and do an impression of Macaulay Culkin in Home Alone that made Zeke laugh every time. He was terrible at Math, had straight As in English, and liked to stick 2B pencils up his nose and make stupid noises to embarrass Zeke. There were so many things that Zeke would never forget, so many things he didn't know, and none of it mattered. It was never enough. ","Summary":" Once, We Were. Part One. There's a Hole In Our History [An Empty Place In My Heart] Just before Cha"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Whats up with the dorks here lately?","Author":"forget my kisses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8172813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jeanette thought mostly happy thoughts as she walked on her way from the school parking lot. Here lately she is so happy her walk has developed into some kind of cheerful dance. because of this people wonder what is making Jeanette so happy, normally when approached with this question she replied with something about birds, but, normally thats not the reason. I mean sure, she loves the graceful, winged creatures, but here lately shes been enjoying something or should i say someone way more. That someone is Mr. Charlie Tuttle teenage science genius. Of whom she has been hardcore crushing on for about two years and it seem two years of stalking eh crushing has finally paid off. they have been hanging out everyday after school! Just seeing him makes her happy and leaves a smile on her face every time. turning around the corner Jeanette decides to take the route closer to her locker, the back entrance. The back entrance is mostly polluted with teenagers that fight each other for no reason. normally Jeanette would avoid them at all costs but seeing that she was already running late, she traveled there anyway. Jeanette soon found herself lost in her thoughts of charlie. So lost she didn't notice where she was going. She didn't start paying attention again until she ran into the backs of one of the fighters. The other girl is quick to push Jeanette down. Jeanette yelps out an apology and frantically scrambles to her feet. When she was about halfway up a girl kicks her stomach. An instant bruise forms, and Jeanette is back down. The girls quickly form a circle around her joining in in beating the snot out of her. A kick here a punch there, it was nothing new for them. It is their job to make sure that the dorks don't think they have the right to go through \"their\" door or bump into \"their\" backs, i mean seriously what has gotten into the dorks here lately? The girls continue to wound Jeanette until Vice Principal Tolken turns around the corner and breaks it up. not wanting to change the way high school is he leaves Jeanette there broken and wounded. Noticing she is alone Jeanette tries again to get up. Pain Strikes throughout her entire body, causing her to fall again. The pain is almost too much to bear. with another failed attempt to get to her feet, Jeanette blacks out from the pain.[Chapter 2] ~~~~~~~Charlie's POV ~~~~~~~ Charlie, being the leader of the AV club also carried the responsibility to watch the school security cameras, as the AV club took turns. Charlie walked in the computer lab and noticed a group of guys gathered around a computer. someone was about to get busted for watching youtube during school hours. I mean seriously what if something happens! Charlie walks up to the computer and froze at what he saw. Jeanette...his Jeanette was lying on the ground being poked by a little kid. The AV club was just sitting there LAUGHING! \"how did this happen?\" he stated calmly the whole club turned around quickly and tried not to look guilty. \"Well?\" charlie said \"HOW DID IT HAPPEN?\" charlie yelled demanding an answer. the club looked around guiltily chester gathered the courage to speak first \"Umm... Jeanette took the back entrance and ran into a bunch of girls and they didn't like her...and..\" Charlie cut him off \" did you guys just sit there and watch this?\" chester looked down \"yes.\" he stated with shame Charlie looked so angry and like he was about to cry at the same time. \"let me see the video to see excactly how dissappointed i am in you guys. They quickly got the video up for charlie. he saw everything he saw jeanette run into them, to the part where vice principal tolken just walked on by. charlie was way beyond pissed now. He had to find her. ~~~~~~~~Jeanette's POV~~~~~~~ \"Do you think its okay?\" \"Yeah its fine just leave it alone\" (It?) Jeanette thought \"NO don't poke it!\" Jeanette woke up with the feeling of a persons finger on her face. she jerked up and immediatly regret it. pain overwhelmed her. she opened her eyes and saw that she had scared away the person that awaked her. Jeanette started to think about what they had said. They had adressed her as an \"it\" not a her, and \"it\" it was like what she was is a mystery. Jeanette felt horrible and not just from being beat up, which did hurt very much, she felt like no one cared. and she knows she's right. hot tears form in her eyes as she thinks about how stupid she must be to think someone actually cared. she thinks \"here she is bruised in the middle of the back entrance and had been there for who knows how long and she can't even find someone to care Maybe those girls were right. maybe she doesnt have a right to be here. maybe she should just give up. maybe she would. ","Summary":" Jeanette thought mostly happy thoughts as she walked on her way from the school parking lot. Here l"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Paralyzed","Author":"doctorwat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9177220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paralyzed ((wowie what is this random thing I dont even know dedicated to Equius and KK. You know who you are ok. ok. this is charlie/zeke I dont know the ship name but whatever)) You are paralyzed as he raises an eyebrow at you. \"Charlie?\" He asks, a sweet voice in the air. \"Yeah Zeke?\" you reply, lips in a thin line as you move your gaze to his. \"I asked you what you meant by Pi. Do we have to multiply the numbers by 3.14 everytime, or what?\" His eyebrows are now furrowed in concentration, biting on the end of his pencil. Your eyes flicker to his spiked bracelet and you shake your head. \"Uhh..no, you only use it when the problem tells you too. Otherwise, we just put the Pi symbol after the product...\" You say, but when you look up he's transfixed on you,and he looks down when you catch him. You blush, turning back to the paper. \"Make any sense to you?\" He nods, \"Yeah, thanks Charlie.\" He flashes that genuine punk-boy smile and you blush even more, hoping its not noticable as he packs up his schoolbooks. \"So, will I catch you at Virgils party later?\" You ask, and he shakes his head. \"Nah, I have some stuff to work on at the shop. You know, motorcycles to fix?\" You nod. \"Oh. Need any help? I mean you're usually alone, and Im not interested in that party anymore then you...\" You find yourself trailing on and on and he chuckles deeply. \"Dude, of course. You dont have to make excuses to why you wanna hang out with me. Id love to have you around.\" He ruffles your hair and you grin. \"Really? Cool!\" He nods. \"See you around five?\" You smile. \"Sure!\" and when he leaves you jump into the air, pumping your fist as you smile and yell, \"Yes!\" sending Albert Felinestein jumping across the room. You flash him a look. \"Sorry Albert!\" you say, moving your hands to your mouth in worry. Little do you know, as soon as Zeke left, he jumped in glee as well. (This was fun and I will make a next chapter ok. ok)[Chapter 2] Paralyzed Chapter 2 (what do I write now ;-; IMPROVISION YEAH YEAH) You jump happily, combing your hair and looking at yourself in the mirror. You look awesome, as usual. And you notice that your cat is very annoyed because you havent fed him. \"Craap! Im sorry Albert...\" You say, rushing to the kitchen and fetching food for your cat. \"I just got sidetracked and..and...\" He meows at you annoyedly and you shrug, trowing the can away. \"Fine, dont forgive me, whatever man.\" and he eats hungrily as you run back upstairs, grabbing your jacket and flinging it on. Fixing your hair again in the mirror, you smile dorkily and run back downstairs. You glance at the clock, and its 4:30. Your eyes widen at this and you rush out the door. \"Craaap...crabsticks...ahh no im gonna be..\" You are out of breath already, and you're only about halfway down the street. Dangit. You huff, bending over, clutching your stomach. DANGIT. You huff more, running faster. You are not built for running, you are built for computer programming, why was god doing this too you? You are 14 and YOU DONT DO THIS EVER. Finally, at what seems like hours of running (which it may have been, you forgot your dang watch and it sucks), you reach the motorcycle repair, and Zeke looks at you with a weird stare. \"You okay, man? You need some water or something?\" \"No..no...I...\" you swallow. \"Actually, yes. Water...thats good..water..thats really good.\" He laughs at you and you flush, quite 're happy for being breathless, as you are already red enough so he dosent notice that you are a freaking shy loser with no moral or speed at anything. Really, you shoudnt have even come because dang, you didnt realise that YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT FIXING MOTORCYCLES AND JESUS NOW HES TALKING AND you should listen. \"...just come over here and I'll show you how it works.\" Is all you catch, and you nod, taking the waterbottle he handed you. You drink some, following him into the small garage, where some really annoying metal music is playing. He really sucks at picking music titles. You prefer motzart over everything but you arent going to say anything because thats embarressing. A 14 year old boy should be listening to hip-hop and rock, right? Oh well. \"Thats a cool...thingy..\" You say, looking at the part of the motorcycle he's working on. He Looks at you with his lips thinned. \"Its an engine, Charlie boy. Not a 'thingy'.\" You look away. \"Oops..\" You've done it now. He probably thinks your a crabsticking idiot. Good going Naughty Ned. You rub the back of your neck and he shrugs. \"Its cool. If you wanna help just stand here and hand me what I tell you to hand me, okay?\" You nod, shuffling to his side. Man is he tall. What, hes got to be six foot...seven? Eight. SHOOT HES TALKING AGAIN YOU FOOL. \"...hello? The wrench, Charlie. The wrench.\" \"Oh yeah sorry. I spaced..\" You turn and grab the stupid wrench, holding it out to thinks you're an idiot now. Nice one, stupid. Shoot now hes looking at you weird. \"You sure you're okay, man?\" He asks, and you shrug. \"Mhmmm...just fine...just...uh...fine.\" He chuckles. \"Pliers?\" He hands you the wrench and you switch it with the pliers. After a long, eventful hour or two, you are both finished with the dumb motorcycle, and somehow you've gotten oil and grease stains all over you. And he's spotless, except for a few smudges on his face and hands. He's better at this, obviously. He hands you a rag happily and you wash youself off. \"So, wanna go down to the diner? Its getting late and I'm starving.\" I nod. \"Sure! Let me call my mom first.\" you pull your phone out of your pocket, before he says, \"Tell her that you're spending the night.\" and your mind goes blank as you find her in your contacts. \"Yeah...sure.\" You smile, as the phone dials. \"Yeah...Mom im gonna stay at Zeke's for tonight, okay? Yes, I know. I know, Mom...okay...yeah...love you too..bye.\" You stuff your phone back in your pocket and grin smugly. \"Dude, first you need to like clean your face..let me..\" He stops and grabs the rag you hold, running a water bottle over it. He walks over to you andbends down, washing you grease of your face. \"Got it.\" he smiles, and you know that he probably sees you blushing because its probably noticable. \"Now, wash your hands. You could get like oil poisioning or some crap. And it would make your burger taste horrible.\" ((Wip)) ","Summary":" Paralyzed ((wowie what is this random thing I dont even know dedicated to Equius and KK. You know w"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Guilty Pleasure","Author":"xXsweetmusicXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4745377","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Contrary to the beliefnof the school body (save Virgil and Charlie), Zeke Thompson reallynwasn't a hateful person. Sure, he would beat up the occasional douchenthat threatened his friends or give the odd teacher hisn\"Back-The-Fuck-Off\" glare when approached about a missingnhomework assignment, but that didn't mean he hated everyone andneverything. In fact, you would be hard-pressed to find even one thingnhe truly loathed with all of his heart and soul - unless you ever ranninto him on Valentine's Day. As cliché as it maynseem, Zeke could not stand that one day of the year. All of the gooeyncouple stuff flying around made him sick to his stomach. What highernbeing decided that it was a good idea to designate one day of thenyear for people to pretend that they were absolutely besotted withntheir significant other? And really, why did teachers think that itnwas a good idea to assign PROJECTS that day? And they weren't justnregular projects, either. No, they had to be about FRIENDSHIP andnLOVE and... It was enough to makenhim gag. And now, because Virgil HAD to start dating that Stephaniengirl, he had to witness all of this, not from afar, but up close andnpersonal. All of the \"Awww-you-look-adorable's\" andn\"Oh-you-shouldn't-have's\" and the stupid presents that werensupposed to be symbolic or some shit like that. He was not going tonsit around watching this. No way in HELL. Henvalued his sanity too much. And that was why,nduring lunch, he grabbed his things and abruptly got up from thentable. \"Zeke, man, wherenare you going?\" Virgil was, of course, addressing his tallernfriend, but his eyes never strayed far from the blonde bombshell innhis arms smiling up at him. Zeke, of course, noticed and felt his lipncurl into a sneer. \"Going to class,\"nhe grunted, heaving his bag onto his shoulder and inadvertentlynknocking Charlie in the back of the head with it. The 14 year oldnshot a glare at Zeke, which withered almost instantly under thenintense look he was receiving. Grabbing his backpack quickly, henscrambled up and after the tall senior. Zeke was well aware that thensmall boy had to run to keep up with him, but he couldn't care less.nAll he cared about was getting away from Virgil and his girl. \"Zeke, wait! Comenon, slow down!\" Charlie called after him, racing to catch up.nFinally, Zeke paused and allowed him to reach him. \"W-what's goingnon?\" Charlie gasped, clutching at the stitch in his side. Zekenrolled his eyes. \"I couldn't standnwatching Romeo anymore,\" he jerked his thumb backwards at thencafeteria as another couple came out, holding hands and gazing intoneach other's eyes, occasionally smiling and leaning in for a kiss. \"God, that isndisgusting,\" Zeke scoffed as the two lovebirds passed them,nstill looking at each other and consequently almost running into him. \"Couldn't you bena BIT more tolerant, Zeke?\" Charlie looked up at him,nexasperated. He had heard all of this before and was, quite frankly,ngetting a bit sick of it. \"I mean, it'snValentine's Day.\" \"Christ, Charlie!nJust because it's Valentine's Day doesn't mean squat to me,nalright?!\" he snapped, causing Charlie to jump back in shock.nSeeing the look on his face made Zeke pause and try to control hisnanger. \"Look,\" hensighed, running his fingers through his hair. \"This wholenValentine's Day is a crock, alright? It's...it's just...\" henfloundered around, looking for just the right word to describe hisncontempt for the supposed holiday. He began to get flustered and henfelt his anger return, his face burning. Biting his tongue, he turnednaway from Charlie and stalked off to his English class, leavingnCharlie wondering what in the world was going on with his friend. If Zeke had expectednany relief from the day's nonsense in this class, he was sorelynmistaken. The teacher, like half of his other teachers that day, hadnthrown together some stupid project. And of course, it couldn't justnbe any project. No, it had to be about MAKING FRIENDSHIPS. But this teacher hadngone too far. Mr. Johnson had set up a pen pal program with anothernschool. And it wasn't just any school, nooooo. It was with SummertonnHigh's rival school. The class was in annuproar. How could he do this to them? And on VALENTINE'S DAY, nonless! Almost instantly, most people decided that they would refuse tondo the project. Rebel against the madness! This was an outrage! And then, the teacherndropped the bomb: this project would mean the difference between anpass and a fail. \"Of course,\"nhe continued with an almost evil-looking smile on his face. \"Younwill not have to write the first letter.\" He held up a largenenvelope and proceeded to pull letters out of it, calling up thenrecipients. Grumbling, everyone got their letters and returned tontheir seats, ripping open their envelopes and scanning the letters. \"And finally,nZeke Thompson,\" the teacher waved the last letter in hisndirection. Shooting him a fierce glare, Zeke shuffled up to the desknand snatched up the letter before making his way back to his seat.nThe class had gone silent, save for the scratches of pencils asnpeople scrawled out their replies. As he finally took the chance tonexamine his envelope, he noticed that the handwriting on the frontnwas excruciatingly neat. Had he seriously been stuck with a popular?nGroaning quietly, he ripped open the envelope and took out thenletter. Hello, Zeke! itnbegan. I suppose this maynbe slightly awkward for you, if only for the fact that I know yournname and yet you had no clue I existed until you received thisnletter. To remedy this fact, I shall tell you my name now.nIt's Julie. We were told to asknour \"pen pal\" questions, and so my first and possibly onlynquestion to you is: Are You Gay? Zeke paused forna moment, rereading the question. Had she actually written that? Henblinked and continued reading in hopes of some explanation. He didn'tnhave to read much farther. The reason I askednyou this is simple. My older brother (an idiot, but I love himnanyways) found out about the letter assignment, although I tried mynhardest to keep it a secret from him. Anyways, he thinksnthat, as we exchange letters, we will form a tight-knit camaraderie,nwhich will then blossom into a sweet innocent love, and we will thusnride off into the sunset on either a horse or some kind of motorcyclen- I suppose it depends on what sort of Prince Charming you are. As I doubt thatnthat explained my question sufficiently enough, I will spell it outnfor you, plain and simply: if you are gay, then this Prince Charmingn\"fantasy\" will not occur, thus making my brother wrong.nAlthough I can assure you I really have nothing againstnhomosexuality. It's just that then the fantasy would be renderednuseless. As I sit here at myndesk, writing this letter, a thought has occurred to me: are we evernto find out what we both look like? I mean, obviously I have anpicture of you in my head, but I want to know if it is accurate. Donyou have a picture of what you think I look like? I would love tonhear it. My picture of you is really quite simple. I think that younare tall and slightly scary-looking. Possibly brunet? Dark brown eyesnare definitely a given, I suppose. A muscular build, I think, wouldnlook best. It would be muchnappreciated for you to tell me just how accurate I was. Apparently, Inhave somewhat of a knack for guessing others appearances. It's beenndescribed as \"spooky\" before! Alas, class time isnup and I must stuff this letter into an envelope. Best regards! Yours, Julie And THIS wasnhis pen pal? Maybe some girlsnweren't as boring as he had thought. A/N: Um...MerrynChristmas? I'm not too crazynabout the ending, but it'll work. Zeke's response will be in the nextnchapter! Reviews andnconstructive criticism are definitely welcome![Chapter 2] As far as he wasnconcerned, Zeke had never hated his English teacher more than he didnat that second. As he lay on his bed, a notebook perched on hisnstretched legs, he had to fight the urge to hit something - or somenONE - while he attempted to write his letter to his new \"pen-pal\".nTry as he might, he could not think of one single thing to write tonher, except to tell her that no, he was not gay. And, truth be told,nhe was sorely tempted to say that he WAS gay, just so that hernbrother's stupid little fantasy would have zero chance of happening. Unfortunately, hencould not deny that this girl had piqued his curiosity. For onenthing, it seemed that she actually had a strange knack for guessingnthe appearance of others, and that was just cool. And second, shenseemed to have somewhat of a personality - no matter how odd it was. Groaning loudly, hendropped his head against the wall behind his bed, attempting to beatna couple ideas into his mind. After trying this several times,nhowever, the only thing he could concentrate on was the pounding innhis head, which was not helping to boost his creativity. Decidingnthat this was, in fact, not the best thing to do, he slowly got upnoff of his bed and sauntered over to his desk, grabbing his phone andnpunching in Virgil's number. If ANYONE could help him with this, itnwould be Lover-Boy, seeing as he was always going on and on about hisnAMAZING advice on the fairer gender. As the phone rang, he sat backndown on his bed, casually noticing how he was crushing his Englishnnotebook and how, if he really thought about it, he really didn'tngive two shits because Virgil WASN'T PICKING UP HIS DAMN PHONE, andnif he didn't hurry up, Zeke would get on his motorcycle, ride overnthere, and beat that boy's scrawny little- \"Hello?\"nVirgil's voice cut through Zeke's little daydream like a knife,nstartling him just enough to fall off of his bed with a rather loudn'thump' as the phone flew from his hand. As he quicklynscrambled to his feet, mumbling a few choice curses as he knocked hisnnotebook to the ground, he grabbed the phone and nearly shouted,n\"Virgil, why the hell did you take so long to answer your damnnphone?!\" \"Um, I was kindnof busy doing homework,\" Virgil responded, sounding more than anbit confused. \"What's yournproblem?\" \"I…uh…\"nZeke paused. How was he going to approach this situation delicately?nHe rarely asked for advice concerning girls. If he said this wrong,nVirgil would no doubt get the wrong idea and decide that he - VirgilnFox - had LEVERAGE against Zeke. This was to be taken quitenseriously. \"How do you talknto girls?\" Well, THAT certainlynwent according to plan. As he sat there for a moment, holding thenphone away from his ear while listening to Virgil die laughing, hencould feel his face heat up as his temper began to flare. \"Virgil, justnshut up for two seconds and let me talk!\" he barked in thengeneral direction of the apparatus in his hand. The laughter on thenother end began to quiet, and soon it was silent. \"Done yet?\"nZeke was attempting to remain calm, but he knew that if Virgil sonmuch as chuckled again, he wouldn't be responsible for his actions. \"Yeah. Sorrynabout that, dude. It's just… you…asking how to talk to girls…\"nZeke could clearly hear Virgil attempting to hold back another boutnof laughter and he grit his teeth. \"If you mentionnthat tomorrow, I will personally beat you to death with a wrench. NownLISTEN,\" he hissed, sounding quite deadly, through clenchednteeth. His threat was met with dead silence, which he took as a signnto continue. \"Okay, so younknow how Mr. Johnson made that stupid assignment where we had to,nlike, have a pen pal? Well, I got his girl named Julie, an' shenasked-\" He paused, wonderingnhow to word this next part and why he had decided to call Virgilninstead of Charlie. At least Charlie would've been sympathetic… Sighing, he decided tonjust be blunt. \"Well, she askednif I was gay, and that's just…thrown me off? Yeah, I guess that'snthe right way to say it. An' now I just…don't know how to respondnand I swear to God, Virge, if you even MENTION this to anyone atnschool, even if you don't say any names, I will run you over on mynbike and then put you in a cheerleading outfit and-\" \"Okay, okay, Inget the point,\" Virgil hastily cut him off and Zeke smirked. Henknew that bringing up \"The Incident\" was a low blow, evennthough Virgil tried to act like it didn't bother him anymore. \"I guess talknabout…stuff? Maybe say how you like bikes and shit like that, younknow? Oh, man,\" Virgil suddenly sounded panicked. \"Listen, dude, Ingotta go. Stephanie is coming in like…five minutes and I have tonget ready. Call me later!\" And the line wentndead. Zeke stared at the phone in his hand, his jaw almost sitting onnhis chest. THIS was the fantastic advice that Virgil kept saying henwas capable of giving? He was going tonCharlie next time. Sighing, he grabbednhis notebook and threw himself backwards onto his bed, tossing hisnphone carelessly onto the floor. He was going to break that thingnsomeday… Shaking his head, henopened his notebook once more and, pausing only briefly, began tonwrite. What up, Julie, henstarted. I'm Zeke, which younalready know. I guess I shouldnanswer your question. No, I'm not gay, but I don't think that yournbrother's little \"fantasy\" is ever going to happen. But ifnit ever DOES happen, be ready to shove a motorcycle helmet onto yournhead. No damn pony's gonna take ME anywhere. Anyways, I readnyour letter and that description of me was pretty good. The onlynthing you got wrong was my eyes. I have blue eyes, not brown. Just,nyou know, so you know. I guess it's onlynfair that I ask you a couple questions now. I want to know what younlook like, so if you could send a description or something, thatnwould be awesome. And I guess, arenyou a senior? 'Cause I am. -Zeke Henlooked at the letter he had just scrawled and sighed. It would havento do, he supposed. At least he wouldn't get a failing grade. Getting up, he lopedndown the stairs and into the dining room, searching around for somentype of envelope. He wanted to find one quickly, before his unclencame back and saw- \"Whatcha gotnthere, Zekey-Boy?!\" Damn. \"It's just anletter to my school pen pal. She wrote me a letter and I have tonreply,\" he said stiffly, finally finding and envelope andnshoving said letter inside before his uncle could ask anymorenquestions. \"Ah! So it's to anGIRL, huh?\" his uncle raised his eyebrows a bit suggestivelynbefore letting out a hearty laugh and slapping Zeke on the back. \"Go easy on thenlil' lady, alright tiger? Don't want her falling all over you toonfast! And, uh…\" He leaned in towardsnZeke, motioning for him to come closer. \"If you ever getnto 'the deed', don't forget to use protection, 'cause I don't want nonlittle Zeke's running around. Got it?\" \"Aw, c'mon!\"nZeke's face was bright red as he quickly backed away from his uncle,nwho was having a hearty laugh at his mortified nephew. \"I'm justnkidding! Go on, go back to whatever it is you do up in that blacknhole of a room,\" he cried, shooing Zeke back up the stairs, whonwas all too happy to go. Finally getting up to his room, he snatchednup his backpack and unzipped it. \"You are way morentrouble than you're worth,\" he grumbled to the letter beforenshoving it into his backpack and flopping back down onto his bed,nhoping to erase all memories of the previous conversation. A/N: What is this?! AnnUPDATE? Oh golly gee! I had a lot of funnwriting Zeke in this chapter. I hope he isn't too OOC, but if he is,nplease feel free to tell me. In a review. Review plzthnx? ","Summary":" Contrary to the beliefnof the school body (save Virgil and Charlie), Zeke Thompson reallynwasn't a "},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Got Your Back","Author":"isthisreallife19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9481940","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: i don't own minutemen! |Chapter One| Normal POV \"Hey Charlie, you coming over Zeke's later right?\" Virgil asked before stuffing a handful of cheese puffs in his mouth. It was Saturday and usually on these days Virgil, Charlie, and Zeke would hang out. \"Uh yeah, but what are we going to be doing again?\" Charlie asked. Vigirl shrugged. \"I guess we'll be watching a movie of something. I called Jeanette and she's gonna bring something from her dad's movie cabinet.\" Charlie nodded. \"Come on Albert Felinestein, we gotta get you home so you can play with your new toys. I got him a brand new yarn ball, can you believe he tore up the other one?\" \"Uh I kind of don't, well, care Charlie.\" Charlie shook his head and laughed before exiting the house. As soon as he did Albert Felinestein flew out of his arms and went running down the sidewalk. \"ALBERT!\" Charlie groaned and started down the street after his furry companion. Usually there was someone outside watering their plants or tending to other parts of their yard, where were these people to catch Albert? \"Meow,\" Albert screeched. He ran around the corner and into another person's arms. \"Alber- oh thank goodness. Last thing I wanted was to have him hit by a car or something,\" Charlie said to the man. He was tall, lanky, and smelled like he lived in a bar. His clothes not to mention his car were a mess. Not someone you would normally see in Virgil's neighborhood. The man ran his hand across Albert's back. This made Charlie uneasy, he didn't like random people caressing Albert. He barely let Zeke or Virgil. \"Nice cat,\" the man said. His voice was raspy. \"Thanks... can I have him back now?\" Charlie put on a weak, small smile. The man smiled creepily back and let Albert jump out of his arms. \"You ever thought of putting your cat in commercials or ads, he's pretty clean and handsome little furball?\" Charlie shook his head, holding Albert close to him. \"What about you? You're not too bad yourself...\" Charlie's eyes widened and he turned to walk away. But in an instant he felt his waist being grabbed and soon he was being dragged down the sidewalk. \"NO! PLEASE, LET ME GO! HELP, SOMEBODY HELP ME!\" he screamed. He fought to the best of his ability, kicking and scratching. He almost escaped but was grabbed back my his shirt collar and into the man's arms. His screams were being muffled by the stinky hand placed over his mouth. All this fighting you'd think the man would be angry, but he was calm, almost like this was an everyday thing and he was used to it. OoOoOoOoOoOo \"Ugh!\" Virgil's little sister Amy muttered. She came running downstairs holding a collar. \"This smells like cat.\" \"Oh yeah I forgot to give that back to Charlie, he and Albert Felinestein slept over the other day and left it by accident.\" \"Nice going, Virg.\" \"It's no biggie, I'm sure Charlie isn't far.\" Virgil snatched the collar from Amy and headed out the door. He decided he would take the shortcut to Charlie's, then maybe he could come through his backyard and get another kick out of scaring the boy's mom. \"Ah good times, good times,\" he laughed to himself. But a second later he stopped laughing, not because it wasn't funny anymore, but because he heard something. Screams to be exact. They were muffled, but Virgil was always told he had good hearing. He squinted his eyes and slowly followed the sound. What he saw nearly stopped his heart. It was Charlie, but he wasn't alone. There was a man, and he was dragging the boy to his car. From the position Charlie was in, Virgil was sure one wrong move would snap his little neck. \"CHARLIE!\" he shouted. He rushed over and started beating the man and kicking him. He was tiny for his age, but when adrenaline kicked in Vigirl was unstoppable. \"GET OFF OF HIM YOU PERV!\" With one little feeling of courage Virgil pulled his arm back and hit the guy square in the nose. He dropped Charlie and grabbed his nose in agony. \"Agh you stupid kid!\" he said, stumbling back. He held onto his nose and hurried back into his car. Virgil was already on the phone with the police. Charlie was just lying on the grass next to the man's car, close enough for him to easily be pulled inside. But thankfully he wasn't and the guy sped off. \"Yeah okay, bye.\" Virgil tossed his phone to the side and pulled Charlie towards him. Charlie screamed in pain when Virgil touched his arm. \"What-what happened? What did I do?\" \"My arm, it hurts,\" he cried. His cheeks were stained with tears and he was out of breath. \"Oh man, it hurts.\" \"Don't worry, the police are coming.\" A/N: that was chapter one. I would've kept going but decided to stop here.[Chapter 2] A/N: I don't own minutemen! |Chapter Two| Normal POV Broken, in many ways Charlie was that. His arm was broken due to the crazy guy nearly yanking it off. His arm had been put in a cast immediately and the blood on his face had been officially cleaned off. Thankfully he only came out of the attack with those few injuries. And he felt broken inside too. He never thought he'd be a victim of something like that, he wasn't prepared. But then again who would be? By the time the police and ambulance had come to get Charlie the man was gone. The cops said they would stroll around the area to look for a gray Honda. That was the description he and Virgil were able to give. Virgil, he had been sitting next to Charlie who was sitting on a hospital bed, but he went to get a snack. \"You're parents are coming soon. They were just called… how are you feeling?\" Virgil asked as he came back into the room. He had a cup of jello from the nurse's cart. Charlie shrugged. \"I'm alright, but my arm is still killing me despite the medication. They say it's gonna take three weeks to heal, three,\" he replied. His voice was rough and raspy from all the screaming. It reminded him of the potential kidnapper's voice, which sickened him. \"Does Zeke know?\" \"Uh yeah he called my cell to see if we were still coming and I told him what happened. He was angrier than I was. He should be coming too along with Stephanie and Jeanette.\" \"You told them all? I mean I don't mind but… I don't know. It's embarrassing I guess. Little old me can't fight off a kidnapper. I'll be the punch line for all of our future conversations—.\" \"Stop it! You're not going to be the punch line. What happened to you is no joke and we won't see it that way ever,\" Virgil snapped back. He calmed his tone when he saw a tear come down Charlie's cheek. The only time he's seen Charlie cry was when he thought Albert Felinestein had been hit by a car. Fortunately it was a different cat, though any cat being killed still sucked to Virgil. \"Sorry, Charlie. Hey, I got you some jello. The red kind since I know you like it.\" Charlie smiled and used his good arm to stuff his face. Although he finished the small cup in two bites he was still appreciative. Virgil was always helping him. \"Thanks, Virg.\" \"I would say you're welcome but that jello cup wasn't worth the 25 cents I paid haha.\" \"No I mean… thanks for saving me. I've watched documentaries on kidnapped kids. I'd probably be lying in a ditch by now; I mean he broke my arm willingly. Imagine what he would've done to me if I was with him… huh, anyways, thanks.\" Virgil wasn't a hugger unless it was Stephanie or some other girl, the other girl more than likely being Stephanie again. But he couldn't help but reach over and gently pull Charlie into his arms. He had regretted being friends with Charlie freshmen and even sophomore year, but even though the fifteen-year-old was a peasant sometimes he was still a friend and he cared about him. \"Ehem, uh sorry I'm late for the hug fest,\" came a voice from outside the room. Virgil and Charlie turned to see Zeke, Jeanette, and Stephanie, who was holding a bouquet of flowers and a stuffed cat animal. \"I know how much you love cats so I got you a stuffed one since they wouldn't let Albert Felinestein in here,\" Stephanie said. She handed Charlie the stuffed cat. He snickered and placed the cat on the bedside table. \"Thanks Steph.\" \"So what'd the cops say?\" Zeke asked. \"They were out looking for the guy last time I talked to them,\" Virgil said. Zeke nodded. He rolled his eyes, obviously annoyed by the fact that someone was stupid enough to try something like this. \"Huh woodpecker I can't believe someone hurt you. I wish I could strangle him with his own hands,\" Jeanette said angrily. Everyone looked at her as if she had two heads. She was usually the bubbly type, but she was really enraged. Her voice choked up and she reached over and embraced Charlie. \"How are you feeling?\" \"I'm okay, glad you guys are here but I kind of want my parents. No offense, I mean I know you just got here—.\" \"It's cool man, I got to get back home anyways before my dad comes back from hanging with his friends. He kind of wanted me to clean out the shed but I just picked up Stephanie and Jeanette and came right over here. See you soon?\" \"Yeah see you.\" Charlie waved goodbye to Zeke and gave the girls hugs goodbye. His parents arrived five minutes later and sat with him along with Virgil. They talked for a little bit, there were tears and smiles, sighs of relief that Charlie was still there, kisses and hugs. Virgil watched awkwardly, wanting to leave but deciding to stay. Soon enough he got a call from his parents asking him why he had left Amy alone for so long. He explained what happened but although he didn't get off the hook they did understand. \"Hey Charlie I have to go alright, I'm sort of a little in trouble for ditching my sis,\" Virgil explained. Charlie nodded and watched as his best friend, and pretty much hero, left out the door. A/N that's all folks, well until chapter three, I might sum it all up from there though :P[Chapter 3] A/N: I don't own minutemen! |Chapter Three| Normal POV As the week went on Charlie was feeling a little better. His arm was still in a cast, but he felt a little happier when he looked at all the signatures he received, even from some of the popular kids at school like Derek. After a while though he came back to normal, personality wise, and he was back to science. \"I'm trying to work on something that gets rid of hair on legs for good. For my mom considering that's all she complains about. I'll probably be done with it in a week and test it on you Virg,\" Charlie laughed. Virgil rolled his eyes and tossed the game remote. \"Two things, one I'm going to beat you one day at this game Zeke, and two no way are you testing your experiments on me. Stephanie will be my girl someday soon and I know she loves hairy legs on a guy, go figure, a lot of girls hate it.\" \"Huh I'm bored with this game. You guys want to go by my dad's job. He said he'd pay us to sell some parts for him, and you can get a sympathy card with that arm and those eyes Charlie… just saying.\" \"Whatever Zeke, I'm up for it you Virgal?\" \"Yeah let me tell my mom I'm leaving so she won't panic.\" Zeke sighed and went outside. Charlie would've followed but he stuck behind. He sat down on the couch. \"Has it really been a week?\" he asked himself. Virgil heard him and sat next to him. \"Since the attack, yeah it has. It's a good thing the guy was caught two days later, who knows what other crazy stuff he does in his spare time.\" \"I want to thank you, but I'm sure you're probably really tired of hearing that.\" Virgil shrugged. \"Well… nah, it's no problem. You know I'll always have your back no matter what. I even risked being kidnapped myself for you… you owe me for that by the way,\" he laughed. \"Cool with me. You know, there was at least something good out of this whole ordeal. Stephanie is gushing over you because of your new hero status, and Jeanette who I now admit I want to be my girlfriend, won't stop giving me hugs and kisses on the cheek. She even signed my cast three times.\" \"…Sorry what'd you say, I got lost after Stephanie is gushing over you.\" Charlie rolled his eyes and punched Virgil in the arm. \"Can you do that harder, I want hugs and kisses from Stephanie like you got from Jeanette.\" \"Ignoring you now.\" Charlie laughed and ran off as he was being chased after Virgil who was being chased after an annoyed Zeke. A/N: kind of corny at the end but oh well haha I was stuck and didn't know how to end it :P I don't usually want to do short stories but I decided to give this a shot. Hope you liked or thought it was okay :] ","Summary":" A/N: i don't own minutemen! |Chapter One| Normal POV \"Hey Charlie, you coming over Zeke's later ri"},{"Movie":"Shutter Island","Title":"Fear No Evil","Author":"DeanFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6157772","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Don't own Shutter Island Author Note: This story takes place five years after the movie ended. I wrapped my sweater closer to my body to block out some of the cold wind as I stared out into the ocean from the ferry. I knew where I was going and didn't like it. I was twenty seven years old and was supposed to have my life ahead of me. Now all that stopped as my husband had me shipped off to Shutter Island. You hear horror stories but never think you'd ever end up there. That's what happening to me. I tried to leave my abusive husband. He told me if he couldn't have me then no other man will. This is my punishment. No one believed me when I tried to tell them what he really did to me. He was a respected man; the kind with the charming good looks and was rich. He knew I didn't marry him for the money which was why he chose me I guess. \"Clara, you okay?\" I turned and looked at Chuck Aule. He was the only one that believed me and tried to help me. I cleared my throat to speak. \"Just enjoying the last piece of scenery that I'll ever see,\" I said giving him a light smile. He moved behind me and but his arms around me pulling me closer to him. This was what I loved about him. He was kind and caring. Only wanted what was best for me. \"I promise you it won't be the last,\" He told me. I could feel his breath against my ear and it felt good. \"I know you did everything you could,\" I said barely a whisper. \"I will get you out.\" \"Don't make promises you can't keep.\" \"I am keeping it,\" He said turning me around to face him. I still had bruises on my body from Ray's last attack on me so Chuck was gentle. I put my hand up to his face. \"I just want you to be happy. You deserve to be with a woman who's on the outside.\" He silenced me by kissing me. It felt real good to feel again. When it wasn't pain I mean. Slowly the ferry pulled up to the island. \"Just do what they say and you'll be out in no time,\" He said giving me a light smile. \"Blue eyes.\" That was his nickname for me because I had the clearest blue eyes anyone has seen. He grabbed my hand and escorted me off the ferry. OOOOOOOOOO Chuck held me close as we entered Dr. John Cawley's office. Dr. Cawley stood up and greeted us. \"Mr. Aule,\" He said shaking his hand and then turned to me. \"You must be the lovely Clara Liotta. Do you know who I am?\" I looked at Chuck who nodded at me. I then looked back to Dr. Cawley. I licked my lips nervously. \"Dr. Cawley. You're going to help me get better.\" He smiled at me and released my hand. \"That's right. Now if you'll two please take a seat,\" He said gesturing to the two empty chairs and sat down at his desk chair. I sat down on the left as Chuck sat down on the right. I watched as Dr. Cawley shuffled some papers which I assume was about me. \"If everything goes accordingly you'll be able to leave in a month,\" Cawley said. I looked at him in shock. \"That soon? I thought I was going to have to stay here for the rest of my life,\" I said with a frown. Dr. Cawley laughed. \"No. You have good humor. I know what happened to you wasn't your fault, so if we make believe to your husband that your stable like you actually are now we'll be able to get divorce papers sent to the island for you. It'll be the safest way for you to leave him.\" \"I don't know what to say,\" I said stunned. \"Just follow the rules and in no time you'll be able to move on with Chuck here,\" Dr. Cawley said with a smile. \"Thank you, doctor,\" I said happy now. Chuck cleared his throat. \"Doc, where would you be placing her in the meantime?\" \"Ward A,\" Dr. Cawley said. \"She's not a danger to anyone and will be perfectly safe. It's almost dinner time so I suggest you get to the dining hall before all the seats are taken.\" We all stood up and Dr. Cawley escorted me to the dining hall. \"If you need anything don't' be afraid to ask,\" He told me and looked at Chuck. \"I need to talk to you.\" Chuck looked at me. \"Are you going to be okay?\" \"I'll be fine,\" I told him. \"At least Ray can't hurt me in here.\" He kissed me on the cheek. \"I'll see you in the morning,\" He said leaving with Dr. Cawley. I looked around the dining hall and found an empty table in the far back. I walked over to it and sat down. An orderly placed a tray of food in front of me and a glass of milk then walked off to the next patient. I heard my stomach growl as I stared at the thinly sliced turkey meat with a side of mashed potatoes, green beans, and a roll. I picked up my plastic fork and dug into the mashed potatoes which were the creamiest I ever had. \"You don't want to eat that,\" A voice said startling me. \"Excuse me,\" I asked and found myself staring at a handsome man but was obviously a patient here. \"It's poisoned,\" He whispered. I raised an eyebrow at him. \"Poisoned huh,\" I said playing along. \"Why would they poison me?\" \"So they can drug you and control you like they did to me. I'm telling you this for your safety.\" He seemed really worried for me but I decided to play along in case he wanted to hurt me. \"I already ate some and I'm fine,\" I said. I dipped my fork in some mashed potatoes and offered some to him. \"I promise you its okay.\" He eyed it as if he was starving. I put the fork up to him mouth and he ate some. \"That wasn't bad,\" I said putting the fork down on my tray. \"My name's Clara. What's yours?\" He smiled at me. \"Teddy. Teddy Daniels.\" A/N: Should I continue? Reviews please! Also I kind of put an actors name in it for fun. Can you guess who?[Chapter 2] Thanks for the reviews! As me and Teddy talked during dinner I finally convinced him that his food wasn't out to get him. \"I see you made a friend,\" Dr. Cawley said smiling next to me. \"Stay away from her!\" Teddy said angry in a low voice. Dr. Cawley looked at him. \"Teddy I'm merely trying to help Clara here so she can leave.\" \"Like you helped me?\" I looked back and forth between them as they spoke. I didn't want to be stuck in the middle of it. \"Teddy,\" Dr. Cawley said tiredly. \"I've been trying to help you. You won't cooperate with me to help you. The longer you struggle the longer your going to be in here.\" I stood up. \"I'm tired. I think I'm going to turn in for the night.\" \"Very well. I'll have an Orderly escort you to your room,\" Dr. Cawley told her. He snapped his fingers and before I could blink I found one standing next to me. \"Ready to turn in miss?\" I just nodded. \"Follow me,\" He said. \"DON\"T TAKE ANYTHING THEY GIVE YOU!\" I heard Teddy yell as we left the dining hall. \"Don't mind him. It's not his fault what happened to him,\" The Orderly said. I looked at him. \"What do you mean?' \"He was married before and had three children; two young boys and one young girl,\" He explained. \"What happened?\" \"He came home from work one day and found his wife outside. His wife drowned their kids in the pond lake.\" I gasped. \"That's awful. Does he remember?\" \"Sometimes he does and sometimes he doesn't.\" \"What happened to his wife?\" \"He killed her.\" \"Do you blame him? You wake up in the morning and go to work to provide for your family.\" \"I don't blame him. His wife was ill. He couldn't stand to look at her anymore and she wouldn't stop rambling so he killed her.\" He stopped in front of a door. \"This is your room. Have a nice night miss,\" He said unlocking the door to let me in. I walked in and stared at the tiny room; one single bed and a small table. I heard the door shut and lock. I sat down on the bed when a hand grabbed my foot from underneath the bed. I nearly screamed when Chuck laughed and pulled himself out from underneath. \"I wish I could have seen your face,\" He said proud of himself. I glared at him. \"That wasn't funny,\" I said. \"You know you love me,\" He said sitting on the bed next to me. \"How was your first day?\" \"I don't want to be in here anymore. I'm not crazy.\" He pulled me close. \"I know your not and Dr. Cawley knows it. It's Ray's power that's keeping you in here.\" \"I'd rather be dead than stay in here.\" \"Don't say that.\" \"It's the truth! This isn't living.\" \"It's not but at least your safe in here from him. Try to get some sleep.\" He said kissing the top of my head. \"I'm not sleepy,\" I protested. I felt something pinch my arm. Before I even had a chance to look my eyes closed shut. OOOOOOOOO \" This place is crap!\" Ray yelled when he came home from work. \"What the hell did you do all day?\" I was sick with the flu and didn't have the energy to clean. \"I'm sick.\" \" That's your excuse,\" He said hitting me causing me to fall down. The force shook my sick body and I threw up. \" When I wake up in the morning this house better be clean!\" He yelled in my face. \"Don't forget to clean your puke up,\" With that he went upstairs and slammed the door shut. I tried to lift my head up but I couldn't. I passed out knowing I was going to get it worse in the morning. As you read I'm starting to show flashbacks of her marriage. Dawnie-7 you were right. It was Ray Liotta[Chapter 3] Thanks for the reviews! I woke up the next morning to someone waking me up. I groaned and turned over to see who it was; the orderly from last night. \"Clara, ready for your shower,\" He asked politely. My eyes went wide. I was never comfortable showering in front of other people especially when I was married. He saw me panic and smiled. \"Don't worry. I'll be outside waiting for you. You are not a threat to be watching closely like the others.\" I knew they probably had cameras watching anyways. I dragged myself out of bed and followed the orderly closely. \"Since I'm going to be in here for a while, can I ask what your name is?\" \"Tim.\" He led me to the showers and let me be. My mind kept wondering to Teddy about what he had said. Could what he had been saying it true about this place or is he crazy like they say he is? I had trouble trusting people after I had married Ray. Teddy seemed like he was sure of what he was saying. I quickly shut the water off in the shower and grabbed a towel. Soon it'd be breakfast time then I could speak to him. As I dried myself off my mind starting wandering after I noticed I hadn't seen Chuck yet this morning. I knew he'd be there if he could. \"Are you finished?\" Tim asked on the other side of the wall just as I was about done dressing. \"Yes,\" I answered and walked to where Tim was who smiled at me \"You look refreshed,\" he commented. I gave him a light smile. \"I feel it.\" I followed him to the dining hall and got my tray of food. This morning it was pancakes and sausage franks. I made a sour face. Never was a fan of sausage. \"Are you going to eat that sausage or kill it?\" Teddy joked behind me with his tray. \"I'm thinking kill it,\" I said. \"Or unless you want it?\" He picked it up with his fork. \"Have you ever known a man to turn down sausage?\" He asked as they sat down at a table. \"Not really. My dad loved them. When I mean love, sometimes I thought my dad loved his meat more than my mom.\" He chuckled. \"Are your parents still alive?\" He asked taking a big bite of sausage. Looked down at my pancakes. \"No.\" He swallowed slowly. \"I'm sorry. Mine aren't either.\" \"At least their in a better place. Better than us anyways,\" I muttered taking a bite of soft flaky buttery pancake. I was officially in heaven at this moment savoring the taste. \"How come we couldn't have had bacon instead of sausage?\" \"Well for one, usually when we do have bacon its with scrambled eggs or biscuits and gravy.\" \"Biscuits and gravy used to be my specialty.\" \"Really,\" He said impressed. \"What was your secret to your gravy?\" \"Well after I'd cook the bacon I'd take it out and then slowly stir flower into the grease making sure it turned brown. After that I'd slowly pour the milk in and then I'd let it simmer for about an hour. Then I'd put black pepper and the cooked bacon in it. My gravy would turn out just right. Not too thin and not too thick. Just right,\" I explained. \"If we ever get out of this place I'd sure like to try it some day.\" \"Deal,\" I said. We continued to eat in silence the next few minutes before I finally spoke. \"Teddy, what did you mean yesterday that they do experiments in here,\" I asked in a low voice. He looked up surprised. \"Does this mean you believe me?\" \"Maybe,\" I said. \"I've only been here twenty four hours and I don't even remember anything that happened last night.\" \"They got to you.\" Sorry to leave it there but at least I updated. Thank you so much for all the reviews and that your liking this story. I've been trying to update all my stories and the only way for me to do it fast is if I don't make certain chapters long. I hope you understand and that this chapter was worth the wait.[Chapter 4] Sorry it took me awhile to update. I've been sick with the flu. The upside to the flu is I have more time to write now. Thanks to everyone that's still sticking to the story. I was starting to panic. How could they do stuff to you when you are asleep? OOOOOOOOO I opened my eyes to the sound of an annoying beeping. My body felt sore as hell and my throat was raw. I noticed I was in a hospital room and tried not to panic. I hated hospitals. I mean really, really, really hated them. I could face spiders and snakes. It was being helpless in hospitals. \" Don't move.\" Chuck ordered me. I watched him pour some water into a plastic cup and helped me drink it. He set the cup down when the water was gone. \" I'm so sorry I wasn't there for you last night,\" He said with guilt written over his face. I forced my heavy tongue to move. \"It wasn't your fault.\" \" You're in here because I couldn't protect you from him.\" I smiled weakly at him. \"No one can protect me from him.\" As if on cue the door to the room opened. Ray walked in holding flowers… OOOOOOOOOO \"Are you okay,\" I heard Teddy ask me concerned. I came out of my reverie and looked at him. \"Sorry. I was thinking.\" He nodded. \"Looked like deep thoughts.\" \"Bad thoughts,\" I corrected him. \"Were they about your husband?\" \"How'd you know?\" \"Because you looked like you were in pain,\" He explained. \"I'm sorry. Not knowing what happened to me last night took me back.\" \"At least he hasn't showed up here.\" \"Yet,\" I said. \"He'll come on his own terms. What the hell is going on in this place?\" He gave her a light smile. \"I already told you.\" \"I know. I mean how could they get away with it? How could they mess with our minds like that?\" \"I see you made a friend,\" Chuck said next to me startling. Teddy looked at him and I forced a smile. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I came to take you for a walk. A good of fresh air will help you.\" He said holding out his hand. I looked at Teddy. \"I'll see you later.\" I said standing up. Chuck steered me out of the room and quickly found myself outside. \"Why did you really come?\" I asked him when we were alone. He slowed his pace. \"I missed you. So you made friends with Teddy?\" \"Yeah,\" I answered him. \"Why?\" \"He can be dangerous. I don't want you to get hurt.\" I stopped walking. \"I've already been hurt.\" \"What?\" \"I don't remember a thing that happened last night.\"[Chapter 5] Thanks to everyone that's still sticking with the story. Chuck looked at me like I was crazy. \"What do you mean you don't remember anything from last night?\" He asked me. \"It's exactly what I mean. Something weird is going on with this place.\" Chuck sighed. \"It's Teddy. He's messed with your mind already,\" He said angry. \"Why would he mess with my mind? What would he have to gain by doing that?\" \"Because he's a nutcase!\" Chuck snapped angry at me. \"He does this with every patient and they never get better. They fall for his world and never get out of here. I want you to get out of here so we can start our lives together and have a family! Don't let another man control your life.\" I was stunned at what he just said. I didn't know who to believe anymore but at the moment I trusted Teddy more than anyone in this place. Chuck didn't know what it was like in here. He could do whatever he wanted with out anyone giving him orders. \"I'm sorry, Chuck. I didn't mean to make you upset,\" I told him. He placed a hand on the side of my face and his features softened. \"I just want what's best for you.\" \"I know you do. I promise I'll do whatever it takes to get out of here,\" I said assuring him. He smiled and kissed me. \"That's what I wanted to hear.\" OOOOOOOO Later that day I sat in Dr. Cawley's office nervous. I kept tapping my right foot up and down on the wood floor. I didn't know why I was brought to his office. I hadn't seen Teddy since breakfast and it was now all most dinnertime. I heard the door to the office open and I quickly stopped tapping my foot as Dr. Cawley sat down at his desk. \"I'm sure your wondering why I called you into my office,\" He said getting directly to the point. \"Did I do something wrong?\" I asked, almost afraid to speak. \"I'm proud to announce that you are doing quiet well.\" I sighed in relief. \"Does this mean I get to leave soon?\" \"I can't let you leave here until your husband gives you a divorce. If I let you out of here while your still married to him, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to live with myself if something were to happen to you.\" \"I appreciate your concern Doctor but Ray's never going to sign the divorce papers,\" I said miserably. \"Actually, that's where your wrong,\" He said standing up. \"Excuse me?\" I asked confused. \"Ray is outside. He's finally decided to let you go.\" Hope this chapter was worth the wait even if it was short. Sorry.[Chapter 6] I didn't believe a word that Dr. Cawley said. It's true, Ray might be here but not to let me go. That's why he sent me here to this awful place. \"Should I send him in?\" Dr. Cawley asked me. I knew I was going to have to face him again someday. Guess that day is now. \"Yes.\" Dr. Cawley mentioned with his hand at one of the workers to let Ray in. Soon enough Ray came in handsome as ever but I knew better even if I was too late. That handsome man is a cover up for the evil hidden in him. \"Clara,\" He said in a way of his own greeting. \"You look good for being in a place like this.\" \"What did you expect me to look like?\" I asked him angrily. \"I'm safer in this place than I ever was when I was with you and we both know it.\" I watched his features change on his face. He took a step towards me but I wasn't backing down. I knew I was safe in this place standing up to him. \"What the hell is this?\" Chuck demanded at Dr. Cawley. \"Are you nuts letting him near here?\" \"I asked her if it was okay and she said it was. I wouldn't jeopardize my patient's safety, Mr. Aule.\" Dr. Cawley said upset. \"Don't make me escort you out of my office!\" Ray looked at me. \"You're already banging him.\" Chuck lost it there. He punched Ray square in the jaw. Then the two started fighting. It took two security guards to remove them apart. They both looked like hell but Ray got it worse. I was proud of Chuck at the moment. \"Sign the damn divorce papers,\" Chuck spat at Ray. Ray used the back of his hand to wipe blood from his nose. \"I think I changed my mind,\" He said looking at me. \"I'm never going to let you be happy. You two can continue your little love affair in this nuthouse for all I care.\" Chuck started towards him again but one of the guards held him in place as Ray left the room. My hope failed. Teddy was right. Once you entered this place you can never leave. Teddy's POV I was worried about Clara. I had heard that her dick of a husband was coming today but I wasn't allowed near her. They wouldn't let me. I had heard there had been a fight in Dr. Cawley's office. Clare was the first woman I have cared about in a long time. She made me feel sane in this place. I'm going to do whatever it takes to get her away from Chuck Aule. He was never my friend. He was now my enemy… A/N: So sorry for the long wait again. Hope this chapter made up for it.[Chapter 7] I sat out in the courtyard watching the leaves fall from the trees. A storm was coming in. I can't spend the rest of my life in this place. I'm not even crazy to be here. I heard footsteps crunch the leaves on the ground. \"I was looking for you everywhere.\" Teddy said out of breath. \"I have something to show you.\" \"What?\" He held his hand out to me. \"Follow me.\" \"Teddy I don't know,\" I said unsure. \"A storm is coming in.\" \"Now is the best time to roam around. The guards will be busy preparing for the storm,\" He told me. I put my right hand in his and followed him going in the woods. The wind was picking up now. \"Where are we going?\" I shouted over the wind. \"You'll see!\" He yelled back still moving forward. My feet were getting tired. I don't know how long we had walked but suddenly he stopped and let go of my hand. \"Teddy, what are you doing?\" I asked watching him remove some tree branches. \"Your getting out of this place!\" He yelled over the wind. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Look!\" When he removed the last tree branch I gasped in shock. Ray was dead a long with Chuck. I could feel my heart beating faster. I looked back at Teddy now afraid of him. Please tell me he didn't kill both of them… \"You can now leave this place!\" He said excited for me. I took a step back from him. \"What did you do?\" \"Ray was never going to stop. You said so yourself.\" He said walking toward me with each step I took backwards. \"So you just kill him?\" I said in disbelief. Teddy's face changed from that boyish charm to the kind that Ray used to look like. \"I didn't this for you! For us! So we could be together!\" \"What did Chuck ever do to you?\" I yelled crying. \"He was keeping you away from me!\" He yelled angry. \"Clara, I know you feel the same way.\" \"Stay away from me, Teddy!\" I felt drops of rain on my head and looked up. The sky was now black with dark clouds. \"Clara, why are you afraid of me?\" The wind picked up harder now along with the rain. In a matter of seconds my body was soaked and so was his. I turned and ran from him as fast as I could. I could hear him yelling my name behind me. Please don't let me die out here like this. My foot caught a root sticking up from the ground and I fell hard on my stomach. I cried as I struggled to get up but the rain and the mud was making it difficult. I felt his hands pull me up and I screamed…..[Chapter 8] \"Stop screaming!\" Teddy shouted over the wind and rain. \"I'm not going to hurt you!\" I had managed to get one of my legs free and I kicked him hard where no man ever wanted to be kicked. In an instant he had let go of me and fell to the ground in shock groaning in pain. I continued crying as I ran as fast as I could away from him. I didn't want to die out here. Not where no one would even discover my body. I don't know how far I had run before I had stopped gasping for air that was desperately needed in my lungs. I tried to keep my panting as low as I could but it was impossible. \"Please somebody find me before he does,\" I begged. I looked around and saw flashing lights up ahead. \"HELP!\" I yelled over the wind. \"Please, help me!\" I saw a set of flashlights moving towards me. In the night the lights looked like little glowing fairies. \"Clara! Stay where you are!\" Dr. Cawley yelled. The only thing was I couldn't. I was so scared that Teddy would find me and kill me. I ran towards Dr. Cawley and what looked like a couple of orderlies. \"Teddy killed them!\" I cried when I had reached them. Dr. Cawley looked appalled. \"Who?\" \"Teddy. He killed Ray and Chuck. I saw their bodies,\" I said terrified. Dr. Cawley nodded to the orderlies and I saw them walk up to me. One was holding a needle. I looked back at Dr. Cawley. \"I'm not crazy!\" Dr. Cawley looked at me sadly. \"Yes, you are.\" I felt the needle pierce my skin. That was the last thing I had remembered. OOOOOOO Dr. Cawley shook his head sadly at his patient that he simply couldn't save. He had order her to be put in the White Room. She was strapped down on a single bed in a white gown and stared unblinking at the ceiling. \"I failed her,\" Dr. Cawley said his voice breaking. \"You did everything you could doctor.\" One of the male orderlies said, trying to make the doctor feel better. Dr. Cawley felt tears in his eyes. \"I failed my daughter. I couldn't save her.\" The orderly didn't know what else to say that would comfort the doctor. Clara Cawley was now officially insane. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Don't own Shutter Island Author Note: This story takes place five years after the movie"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Chronicles of the white stallions","Author":"timbuktu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6732033","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The chronicles of the white stallions Volume 1 Prologue Blood everywhere, but I had to keep running. The voice had told me so. So tired, but the enemy had been stopped temporarily. I had to find shelter quickly, but there was no where in sight. There was a wall in front of me. I didn't have time to look left or right before a large shadow loomed behind me. I put my back against the wall and turned to face my enemy. An eagle larger than a mini-bus stood with its wings spread out. Its white head and chestnut body were the first things I noticed about it. Then I looked at its feet and saw blood on its cruel looking talons. Even then I couldn't help but admire at its terrible beauty, I readied myself to fight. It opened its beak and screamed so terribly that blood dripped from my ears. My vision went dark. I woke up shaking and crying. It was the worst dream yet, but it wasn't real. I looked at my alarm clock. It read 04:30. That was two more hours before I had to wake up. Slowly and stiffly I got out of bed to see if anyone was awake. Everyone was still asleep. So I got back into bed and tried to get some sleep. Chapter 1 I'm average looking with hazelnut hair that travels down till just above the small of my back. I've got a slim waist and I'm a size four. Most guys just like me for my body, but I want them to like me, for me. I want them to respect me and treat me as an equal. I have a boyfriend. His name is Todd and he is a jock, he's got the most beautiful blue eyes you've ever seen. We normally we see each other at 15:40-17:00, that's when our parents aren't home. We normally sit back and watch movies, or other more sinister things. Don't get me wrong now I'm still a virgin, but that doesn't mean I'm a goody-two-shoes. Last year it nearly went too far. Todd was on top of me and suggested we have sex. I told him no way and he got mad saying that I didn't contribute enough to make our relationship work. He tried to force himself on me. I pushed hard at his chest, causing him to fall over. I ran out and he caught my ankle. I fell over hard. I was dizzy for a moment, and then I realized he had pulled down his pants and he was unbuckling my jeans. I kicked him hard in the groin making him suck in a painful gasp. I ran into his parent's room and locked it. He banged on the door calling me a bitch and other hurtful names. After about 10 minutes of that he asked me to come out because he couldn't do anything to me, his parents were going to be home soon. I checked the time and breathed out a sigh of relief seeing that it was 16:54. I walked out and not looking at him, left his parent's house. The next day he followed me around asking me to forgive him, promising he would never do something like that again. After about a week of listening to this, I decided to forgive him but didn't take him back until a month had passed and time had healed the wounds he had inflicted. I was a bit sceptical about being alone with him, but after about two months I started relaxing into him, he must have felt it because he kissed me. These weren't our normal lovey-dovey kisses. They were the passionate kisses of two lovers, but I still watch for the telltale signs of the 'idea' in his eyes. After six months, our relationship was stronger than it was before. Todd would tell me everyday how beautiful I looked and it would make me blush, but I'd noticed it too. As if all my attributes had spotlights on them, and the air around me was filled with wisdom and power. Chapter 2 At 6:30 my alarm rang. I woke up feeling tired and weak. I got up drowsily, walked out of my room and took off my clothes in the bathroom. I stepped into the shower and let the warm water cascade over me. For some reason I felt like crying. I cried till I could cry no more. I stepped out with a headache and wrapped a towel around me. I got back into my bedroom and got dressed. I walked out of my bedroom. I walked down the hall nearly missing the kitchen on my right. We had just moved there. It was a five bedroom double storey house. It had two kitchens, three bathrooms and two lounging areas. The whole top floor was mine seeing that my brother and sister had moved out. I didn't have to worry about anyone disturbing me. I'd talked to my parents because I was an artist and I liked to work in big places they'd finally given in to allowing me the top floor. I took out a box of lucky charms. I poured myself a bowl and sat down and ate. When finishing my food, I put it in the sink because I didn't have to worry about cleaning after myself. Martha, the[Chapter 2] At first sight of me, you might think I'm this sexy, all about herself kind of girl. To be honest I like having the company of people. I've got long dark hair that falls in curves till my lower back. I'm a size 4 and I have a wonderful tanned complexion (as everybody says). Most guys like me for my body. I have a boyfriend. His name is Tony. He's Italian and afterschool we normally relax at his house. We watch movies, TV shows and when we're feeling naughty, we do other things. Don't get me wrong now, I'm still a virgin (I mean, I'm only sixteen) but last year it nearly went too far. We were lying on the couch and Tony was on top of me. He suggested we have sex! I told him no way and pushed him off of me. He got angry and we argued about, Lord knows what, and he grabbed my arm. I told him he was hurting me but he wouldn't let go. He towered over me and I felt a painful grip of fear in my gut. I don't know how I managed it, but before I knew what was happening he let go of me and he writhed on the floor as if in pain. I ran out. On the way downstairs I met his parents and I told them he wasn't feeling well. They looked incredibly concerned, but I told them it was probably the flu. They seemed to relax at that. The next day Tony told me of how sorry he was, and of how his hormones made him think irrationally. I ignored him for about three months, but then one of my 'friends' told me to give him a break. If he didn't love me enough, he would've given up after the first week, the first month if he was persistent. I decided to give him one more chance. He was an absolute gentleman. He would carry my books for me when I didn't even ask him, which was quite something I must say. Then after a month or so he asked me to come over to his house. I was slightly apprehensive, but he had seemed genuine in his treatment. I decided to go all the way with it, since I felt that this was a whole new Tony. We sat separately and uncomfortably while watching ' Le Moulin Rouge '. It was like that for two weeks before I was comfortable sitting near him. In the following month he put his arm around me, which made me stiffen. He immediately moved his arm away. I told him it was okay and managed to relax into him. He seemed surprised but happy. The following week he kissed me, making me instantly pull away. I recovered after a couple of minutes and tentatively moved his face towards mine. Our lips touched. This was so different than the beginning. Before we were love struck teens, but now our kisses felt like they were the sharing of passions between a woman and a man. I swear I heard wedding bells ringing in the distance.[Chapter 3] Our relationship is stronger than ever, but I'm not naïve, I still watch for any slight indications in his eyes of the 'idea'. At school we're considered to be perfect for each other. Tony keeps telling me of how beautiful I'm becoming every day. I almost always blush, but I've also noticed it too of how the air seems to be filled with happiness and wisdom around me. Friday Morning: At 6.30 am, my alarm rang, I felt extremely tired and groggy. I took off my shorts and t-shirt and got into the shower. My mom and dad are big on privacy, and they are rich, so they basically gave me an entire floor in our huge house to myself. I have a bathroom, a bedroom, a sitting room and reading corner (I'm a geek. There I said it.). The kitchen and dining room are downstairs because they are big on family dinners. I got out of the shower and got dressed. In the kitchen I opened the fridge, took out a bottle of juice, a bar of chocolate, and left. On my way to school I met this guy trying to get a dog to let go of his bag. I walked up to the dog and said, \"Drop it!\" It immediately let go to my surprise. I turned to look at him, and he was giving me a funny look. I swear his eyes were like quantum singularities (Hehehe). I shivered as he continued to stare at me. \"Hi!\" I said in overly perky voice, which seemed to snap him out of his reverie. \"Hello. Sorry about that. I'm new in these parts. I was on my way to school and this dog attacked me.\" The dog turned and walked away as if in shame. He had a strange way of talking, as if he were Texan. His voice wasn't really that deep, but he had a smooth tone to his words. He had Jet-black hair, striking green eyes and greatly defined features. I realized that I was staring at him. My face felt hot. \"Uhhm, my name is Gregory, but my friends call me Greg.\" \"My name is Beth, nice to meet you.\" I shook his hand. It felt as cold as ice, but my flesh didn't even form any goose bumps. \"I go to Malicia (I know it sounds creepy), It's a very nice place.\" \"That's where I'm going. Do you mind if I walk with you?\" \"Not at all. I really hate walking alone in the mornings. It's so sad having no one to share conversations with, plus the fresh air.\" \"I know what you mean. My dad passed away when I was young, my mom struggles to pay the bills, but we live quite nicely.\" \"I'm so sorry to hear that.\" I gushed. I was feeling so awkward. He shrugged. \"Don't be, you weren't responsible. It's just fate I guess.\" We walked on in silence. As we arrived at the school gates Tony came jogging toward me. He looked at Greg with narrowed eyes, but seemed to get over it. He put his arm around me and asked, \"You're new around these parts, aren't you?\" \"Yes, I just moved in about three days ago.\" The bell rang. I waved bye to Greg and started walking into the building. Tony followed after a quick glance at Greg. My next subject was accounting. I absolutely adored it. Mister Watson was about as crazy as you can get. He was short and round. He had massive spectacles that had no function what so ever. Every lesson he would come up with theories on what life is. I loved to work with numbers and solving math problems. Tony just joined because he wanted to be close to me (Isn't that sweet). Anyway, in the middle of sorting out the financial statements of Enron 2001, he grabbed my ass. I don't care who the hell you think you are you don't just touch me without my permission. I grabbed his wrist and dug my nails hard into it. He pulled back and gave me a smile. I heard the guys at the back of the class whispering excitedly to each other. I thought he liked me for who I was, but being the softie that I was; I had given him another chance because I wanted to give him a chance to change. At the end of the period, I handed in my work and stormed out. Outside Tony caught up with me. \"I'm sorry if that made you mad. The guys dared me to do it.\" He moved as if to kiss me. I put my hand on his chest and pushed him away. He looked confused (Good). I heard the same guys chuckling behind him. \"Just because you're my boyfriend does not mean that you can just touch me whenever you feel like it. I am a human being. This is my body. Not yours, not ours, MINE .\" People had stopped to watch our tension-filled silent exchange. Tony looked around and his face became extremely red. \"The only reason I stuck with you was because I felt sorry for you. The only regret I have now is that I didn't fuck you when I had the chance.\" I felt myself stiffen. I forced my eyes to be dry, turned around and walked away. My next subject was Cooking Ed. It was one of those interesting subjects that you never paid much attention to. My teacher was Mister Johnson. He didn't mind if you didn't do his work, but you had to do well with assignments given. I didn't sit next to anyone in class, because I sat in the back. Mister Johnson didn't really mind because I got A's on his tasks, but most of the time I just avoided others, because I hated group work. People always expected the next person to do all the work. As I walked into the class, I noticed Gregory was sitting in the empty counter chair next to mine. I groaned. I really didn't feel like dealing with any guys at the moment. I just needed to get my priorities straight. I greeted him and sat down. He wanted us to make a soufflé. It was slightly difficult, because it needed time to set or it would be too creamy and sickeningly sweet. We immediately got to work. As Greg was beating the eggs he said, \"I love cooking. Ever since I was small I loved the way my mother could turn a few simple ingredients into something delicious.\" \"It just calms me down and gives me a sense of power. I know it sounds funny, but creating something as beautiful as say a wedding cake makes me feel like I can do anything. I'm not really that strong you see, but I have great reflexes. One time, when we were making baked fish, I nearly dropped baking powder into a bowl of vinegar. I caught it just as it was about to hit the edge of the bowl and cause chaos.\" \"That is a wonderful story young ma'am, but it's the end of the period. I guess we'd best be going.\" I jumped up like a jack in the box and washed my utensils. I put the bowl in the fridge, grabbed my bag and headed out. The school day went by quite quickly, and before I knew it, it was over. I got my small backpack out from my locker because my older brother Oscar and I went camping on some weekends. He kept telling me how unhealthy we young people are. He's only 25, he should live a little. I got out without any incident. I didn't see Tony or Greg (whew). On my way past the little corner I'd past Tony, I heard somebody calling my name from an alley. I know of how the audience would normally be shouting, \"Don't go in there\", but the voice sounded really familiar. I took a step forward, and before I knew it, I was about 20 yards away from the entry way. The voice stopped. I turned around to leave but I saw a group of huge guys walking in. I turned around and walked deeper into the alley, not running, because that would've made me look scared. I was just hoping I could find an exit. I turned into the first right branch off hoping I'd get lucky and surprise, surprise. A complete dead-end was blocking my path. I turned again, saw them blocking my path. They all came toward me. One of them reached out and grabbed my arm; I kicked him between the legs. He cried out. One of them asked \"What did you do that for. You seemed a little lost, we just wanted to help you.\" \"Sure.\" I said. My voice laced thick with sarcasm. His facade broke and he growled. They all came at me. One of them grabbed my legs, making me trip and hit my head on the wall. I felt more than slightly dizzy. Another was bringing his pants down and said, \"Good. You're wearing a skirt. This will go much easier.\" His hand reached my panty line and I felt tears come to my eyes. So this is how I was going to lose my virginity. Suddenly there was a bright light.[Chapter 4] They all crumpled. My eyesight was a little foggy. I saw Greg leaning over me with concern in his eyes. I immediately backed up against the wall, holding my skirt down. He held out his hands calmly and smiled apologetically. I took a few deep breaths, and took one of his hands. As soon as I stood up I immediately blacked out. Who am I? Why do I exist? What is this dark world around me? Am I alive? I woke up to the sound of beeping and a familiar scent of antiseptics. I realized that I must have been taken to the hospital. I opened my eyes and saw Greg sitting on the chair next to my bed. He was reading a magazine and as if he could feel my eyes on him, he looked up. Our eyes met and we gazed at each other for what felt like an eternity. My throat felt really thick, but I had to ask him, \"What-\" \"-Don't worry, it's still Friday. 9pm to be exact. The doctors said you were suffering from a mild concussion, and that you could be discharged tomorrow if you wanted.\" \"Can I go today? I was supposed to meet my older brother Oscar to go camping this weekend.\" \"Your family is all here. The hospital called them. They just went to your house to fetch your change of clothes for tomorrow. The guys in the alley were taken into the police station. The cops were just waiting for you to wake up so they could take your statement.\" I really did not feel like talking about it, but I knew I couldn't hold it off. \"I'm ready to speak to them if they're here.\" Greg got up and went out. A few minutes later he came in with two heavy, buff looking police guys. I told them what had happened, but left the light-part out. \"If you remember anything else, don't hesitate to contact us.\" The shorter of the two said. He seemed like a really nice person. As soon as they walked out I turned to Greg. \"How did you know where I was? Were you following me? And how did you take all of those guys out like that? I know for a fact that you didn't have a weapon with you.\" He sighed, \"I know what I'm about to say might sound crazy, but I am what you might call an alien entity. Not in the, \"Oh, an alien invasion!\" scenario, but more like from a different dimension.\" What was this gut saying? Was he crazy? I suddenly felt very afraid about being alone with him. He sighed, \"I realize that it really is hard to believe, but I can prove it. I can levitate that chair on the other side.\" All of a sudden the second chair lifted and flew around the room at rapid speeds. I tried to scream, but no sound came out when my lips parted. I tried to calm down. The chair settled back on the ground. \"Why are you showing me? It's not like I can do anything about it.\" \"I felt it appropriate to show you because you are one of us. Where I come from we still follow the autocratic system. You were born into the royal family therefore you are one of the most powerful Manipulators. The royal family passes their power and abilities onto the next generation. Therefore your power is substantial.\" \"I'm sorry to say this but you are crazy.\" \"Are you sure you haven't felt sudden surges of power when confronted with difficult situations? I know you have so there's no point in denying it.\" I stared at him and looked back on my life. In times I should've gotten badly hurt, I'd gotten back up as if nothing had happened. It led me to the most recent event between Tony and me. He had let go of me as if in pain. Then an idea came to mind. \"How come nothing happened with those guys in the alley? Huh?\" \"I'm guessing your mind had already accepted what was about to happen.\" \"Interesting, can you teach me how to do stuff like you?\" \"I can, but you are more powerful than I am. So once you are as capable as I am, your strength in the Art will be far greater than mine. With your unlimited ability, you are immortal. I will probably live for over two thousand years looking young, before I wither away and turn to dust. Your mother was the queen before she was killed by an invading clan. You are of the White Stallion clan, but Lord T r ikor, yes the r is pronounced like the French say it, was of the Eagle clan. Your Father was a noble who was also of the White Stallion clan. Before they died your mother, I wish you knew how much she loved you, took your essence and all the power that had been passed down to her from generations before her, and put it in a woman in this dimension which would have been impossible without the power of your ancestors.\" We sat in silence for a long time. I thought about my mother and how I would never know her, but I felt I would have loved her. If she was willing to leave herself defenseless for my sake, I couldn't imagine love of that magnitude. I loved the woman who had given birth to me; she had loved me and raised me. \"I think I should give you your first lesson. You look well enough and in the training rink time moves by very slowly, it will be like you never left. It would really be a great experience.\" \"As long as no one will notice I'm gone it should be okay.\" \"Great let's get started.\" I had a feeling of falling, and all of a sudden I was in a sort of arena, but it was huge! Greg came towards me and gripped my head and threw me towards a wall. He was extremely strong. I felt a tug in my gut and I slowed down, basically coming to a standstill in mid-air. I turned around slowly. \"What was that for? You could've killed me!\" \"No I wouldn't have. I knew that was going to happen. It was the only way to finally destroy those blocks around your abilities. Now you just need to control it.\" I concentrated and tried as hard as I could but nothing happened. \"Imagine it like a rising tide. Let it fill you up until you feel like you're going to explode.\" \"That's easy for you to say, you have been doing this for as long as you can remember.\" I tried to do as he said, and then as if it was always a part of me I lifted a strand of grains of sand off the arena floor. Greg was oblivious; I pushed it into his ear. He yelped and the sand fell out. He looked at me with a mischievous grin. I felt myself rising into the air. I then realized that the feeling I had earlier was still there. I briefly got a warm feeling of love, and I realized my mother had given me more than just my abilities. I cut his hold on me and pushed at the ground underneath him. As we continued to struggle in this manner new abilities began to surface. I heated the ground causing it to slowly transform into glass. I kept it in a liquid form even when it cooled. I started pulling him into it. He tried to cut into the bonds but my hold was too strong. Soon he was covered up until his throat. I immediately made it dry. I lowered myself to the ground. He gazed at me, astonished. \"I guess you're ready to learn how to fight shadows. They are extremely powerful, but with the right intensity of light you can kill them. I will release one of them. We capture a few so that children can learn how to fight them.\" He went to a little storeroom that I hadn't noticed. He took out a smooth silver sphere. \"This is where we keep them. Your ancestors developed this so we could trap as many as we could find. Over time the seal weakened and a few escaped. Now there are many more than have been seen since the Middle Ages.\" He turned the top and it seamlessly came apart. I felt him channel his energy into only allowing one to get through. Once one had slipped out he closed it. What he hadn't anticipated was that it would rush at me. I screamed and felt nearly all of my energy abandon me. I saw it coalesce into a protective sphere around me. I had a sense of vertigo, and everything went dark.[Chapter 5] I woke up feeling dazed and felt a shock of cold. I picked myself up from the snow. I felt a jerk of surprise when I looked down at myself and found that I was wearing a tight leather outfit. I collapsed only then realizing how tired I was. I don't know how long I lay there but I heard the sound of a cart. I saw the horse's hooves and felt myself being lifted. I was put on a stack of hay and covered with a blanket. I was grateful but didn't have the strength to say anything. From their voices I could tell they were old. They were probably an old man and his wife. I fell asleep. I woke up in a small, warm and soft bed. I opened my eyes. It was a bare room but it had the essentials. I woke up and walked to the mirror in the corner. As soon as I saw my reflection I gasped. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was as if the small changes that I had been noticing in me had been complete. My face was strong and angular. My breasts had become fuller. I looked like a goddess; there really was no way to describe it. I heard the door opening and turned around to see a young man of probably 19 years of age. He blushed, \"I'm sorry for disturbing you. I was just coming to see if you were awake. My grandparents would like to see you.\" He walked out, but left the door slightly open. I sighed and squared my shoulders. I walked out. The young man looked at me and blushed again. He was rather handsome but I couldn't get distracted. He held out his hand, \"Hello, I am Jacque.\" I took it. \"Nice to meet you. My name is Beth. Where exactly am I?\" \"You are in France. The British have been invading. We have tried to hold them back, but they progress slowly but surely every week.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that but do you know what year it is?\" I had to ask because, first of all his clothes looked like they were from the middle Ages, and their house looked like one of those old huts you see in those old paintings. \"Well you could say that by our count, we are 1 132 years from the time Christ died.\" What? That was impossible. I traveled to the 1100's! I suddenly felt dizzy. I put my hand against the wall and started panting. Jacque looked concerned. He put his hand on my cheek and made me look at him. I calmed down. \"Maybe it was too early for you to get out of bed.\" \"No, I'm fine. It's just a lot to take in.\" \"Why? Didn't you notice the time going by? I would have thought a lady like you would have been taught how to keep track of the time.\" \"It's just that I come from a faraway place.\" I looked at him; his gaze had traveled down to my chest. He saw my bewildered glare and looked contrite. \"Follow me.\" We traveled down a little hall and went down a flight of stairs. His grandmother came toward me and looked me in the eye. She smiled and I was reminded of my granny who made delicious chocolate chip cookies but had passed away. Her husband was sitting in a chair by their fire place. He beckoned me and motioned towards the chair next to him. I sat and was feeling very good near the heat. \"Martha, can you make us a cup of tea. This young woman definitely looks like she needs it. Now, where do you come from?\" I didn't much about France but I took a quick guess on a city that might have been near the border. \"Have you heard of a little town named Rennes? It is very close to the border.\" \"Aah yes, it was one of the first towns to be taken. How did you come to be face first in the snow?\" \"Grandfather I am going out. I will be back in an hour or so.\" \"It is getting so late, are you sure it is safe to be out after dark?\" \"Grandfather, this is a little village, not a city. Nothing ever happens here.\" With that Jacque walked out. \"What were we talking about?\" \"You asked why I was face down in the snow.\" \"Yes. I would like to know if it's not too much of a hassle.\" My mind was frantic for a second, and then an idea came to mind. \"I was running from the British. Their men are brutes who would have their way with any woman they find.\" He nodded. \"You've traveled far. I realize that this must have been a terrible ordeal for you.\" His wife had on a coat and was headed for the door. \"I'm going to buy some herbs for tomorrow. You can come along with me my dear. It would be nice for you to see this peaceful village.\" \"That is a great idea. Maybe you can bring in Jacque if you see him.\" Martha gave me a nice warm hooded ankle-length coat. We stepped out. We went to a stall that had a wide variety of cooking herbs. She probably saw that I was a little bored because she said I should wait in the tavern which was opposite. \"You should probably pull your hood up dear. Young men can get extremely rowdy when a beautiful woman walks in, but I've never seen a woman as beautiful as you.\" I blushed and quickly walked away. I pushed the door open and I really wished that my boobs were smaller. I immediately found a little table in the corner. I sat down and tired to look unobtrusive, but as my luck would have it, after only a few moments I was surrounded by a couple of drunk-looking young men. I should have probably made an excuse and tried to leave, but I wanted to see their reactions at my new-found beauty. I pulled down my hood. They gasped and fell over themselves with compliments, but one of them gave me a lust filled look. I shivered and decided to leave as soon as Martha came in. The one who had given me an unwanted look introduced himself as Phillip. The others moved away, maybe they thought I was a noble, but Phillip sat down next to me. \"How would you like to have some fun? The band is playing, people are dancing. Why don't you join in?\" \"I'm not a very good dancer, and I'm not comfortable in taverns. I'm only in here because I'm waiting for someone.\" \"Fine, whatever you'd like. I'd just like to keep you company.\" As he said it he moved closer and slipped his hand to my lower back. I shifted away, but he moved with me. \"Relax; I'm just trying to be friendly.\" \"Well, you're being too friendly for comfort.\" He acted as if he didn't hear me and put his other hand on my thigh and leaned in to kiss me. I pushed him away and got up. Everyone turned their eyes toward us. I squared my shoulders and walked quickly toward the door. Phillip grabbed my arm and pulled me into a rough kiss. The rest of the people started cheering until I pulled away from him and slapped him. He grabbed me again and pushed his groin area toward me and started grinding against, while kissing me again. I pulled away from his kiss. \"Get away from me. I don't want you.\" People started murmuring because this was happening right in front of them, and one person stepped out from them and pulled Phillip away from me. It was Jacque. \"Enough Phillip! The lady doesn't want to be bothered with you.\" \"Why do you always have to spoil my fun?\" \"This is not fun for the lady, and she is staying with me, so I've got to protect her.\" Phillip suddenly lunged at me. He knocked me over, but Jacque pulled him off before anything could happen. He pulled me up and led me outside. Inside a fight was already starting between Phillip and one of his friends. Jacque looked me over to see if I was hurt. He didn't seem to find anything out of place, but his gaze drifted to my chest again. I cleared my throat loudly and he blushed again, but this only served to darken his already drunken-pink cheeks. Seemingly without realizing, his hand tentatively reached out and stroked my cheek. I felt a shiver go down my spine. He leaned in. Our lips touched. Soon he had me against a wall in an alley and he cupped one of my breasts with one of his hands. I don't know why, but my body was burning. His touch was cool making me feel hot and cold, so out of control. I gently pushed at his chest, separating our mouths. His mouth moved down to my neck, while I was taking a breather. I wondered how he could stand the tough material; I would have been scratching like hell if I wasn't on the inside. As soon as that thought had crossed my mind, he started unbuttoning my coat. As he reached the button on my waist, he thrust his hand into my pants (Thank God I'd shaved), but this was too much. \"Jacque, stop. I'm not ready yet.\" He heard me and immediately stopped. We were both breathing hard as he helped me button up my coat. He led me out of the alleyway and we were headed back to his house. When we reached the door, we saw Martha headed our way. \"Child, where have you been? I've been looking-\" She finally seemed to notice Jacque. She gave him a stern look. Seeming to know what it meant, he started talking. \"Beth was being given trouble by Phillip, so I decided to get her out of there before anything bad could happen and-\" \"That's alright boy. I just needed to know that.\" We headed inside. The old man had seemingly already gone to bed. \"I think I should go to bed. Beth, I suggest you wash yourself to get that remaining cold out of you. I've seen you shiver from time to time. It's a miracle you haven't gotten a cold yet.\" \"Yes, I would like that.\" \"There's a bucket of warm water near the fire and a bar of soap is already in the bathroom. It's just down the hall, second door to your left. I will bring a robe and a piece of cloth to dry your hair.\" I thanked her again. For some strange reason I didn't feel awkward in this place. It was almost too easy to forget where I was. I took my bucket, went down the hall and turned to my left. I opened the door and was surprised by how many candles were lit. I remembered that in this time, they didn't have electricity. I found a little wooden tub and the bar of soap. I slowly took off my clothes, wondering where I'd gotten them. The tight leather elbow length sleeved shirt, the long tight pants and the elegant leather boots, revealed every little curve I had. It was flattering but I decided I would have to get other clothes, because these looked like a whore's battle clothing. I poured the water and got in. When I started using the soap, I was surprised to find how foamy it was. People in the future are really ripping us off. Soon the water was filled with foamy bubbles. I relaxed. After a short while it started getting cooler. Paying only half a mind to what I was doing, I heated the water using my new-found abilities. When it was at a comfortable temperature I stopped. Somebody opened the door and I covered my breasts with the foam. Martha came in and put the robe and cloth, folded nicely, next to it. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome dear, but let me give you a word of advice. Don't give yourself to any man until you are married, because before you know it, you'll be expecting and the man will be long gone if he wasn't raised properly.\" \"I wasn't going to give myself to any man anytime soon. I know what they're like.\" \"What about Jacque\" \"What about him?\" \"I noticed a look in his eye that only appears when he's smitten.\" \"We just kissed. I don't know how it happened. Maybe it's because I needed to be loved. Who knows?\" \"I'm just asking you to be careful, for your sake and for his. He's never been in a relationship before and he's still a virgin you see. I don't want him to make love to any woman, because if he chooses to get married to a different one, it could cause unwanted complications.\" \"I'm also still a virgin, and I'm not careless. I will only ever give myself to a man who has proven that he loves me above all others.\" \"Good. I'm glad. It's clear you were raised to be strong. I have a good feeling about you. Anyway, that water must be getting cold and you probably want to get out. So I'll leave you be.\" She walked up and I heard her walk up the stairs. I got out and saw a little hole of sandy soil in the floor. I took it out and watched it drain. As soon as everything was out, I put the plug back in its hole. I dried my hair and put the robe on. I picked up my clothes and headed out. I walked up the stairs and remembered that my room was the last one to the right. I went in, but surprisingly I wasn't tired at all. In my room I found a floor length sleeping garment. I put it on. These clothes were so annoying. They never revealed any cleavage or any part of your legs, but they showed off my breast size. Since I wasn't tired I decided I would do a little exploring of the village. I opened the window and lightly dropped down the two floors by slowing my descent. To avoid being seen I jumped up on to the roof of a neighbouring house. Everything physical seemed to be getting easier. I didn't even need my abilities to achieve that. I could see as far as probably a satellite. I could make out minute details that an owl would have probably looked at for its entire life and not seen them. As I jumped from roof to roof I made a map in my mind on what it looked like. I went to the village wall and made myself invisible to be undetected by the sentries. Things were much worse than I thought. As I was heading back I heard somebody whimpering. I stopped and looked down into an alleyway. There was a man holding another in an embrace. They looked like they were kissing. No flipping way! They had gays in this time? The whimpering finally registered to my mind. It was fearful. I dropped down but drifted in the air silently towards them. I was about to look at the frightened man, but the one who had him in an embrace turned around. I almost screamed.[Chapter 6] His eyes were blood red and he had fangs. He was staring right at me but he didn't seem to register anything. He turned back to the guy and I briefly caught sight of two small puncture marks on the victim's neck. Vampires exist. I felt faint. My world was being turned upside down, but I couldn't let this guy die. I pulled the vamp off of him and threw it against the opposite wall. I picked the guy up and focused on getting away from that vampire. I took to the rooftops again. I ran as fast as I could, but instead of the world being blurred, it was as clear as daylight. I distinctly heard the vampire following us. He was hissing and when I turned to look at him, he was frothing at the mouth. He gaze was completely focused on the guy. I opened my hand and pointed my palm at him. A small controlled jet of flame came out and singed his clothing. He stopped; staring amazed, and drifted out of sight. I left the guy on the steps of an inn. I traveled back to my room. I didn't realize it but I'd been gone for less than an hour. As I got in, I heard the doorknob turning, so I decided to act as if I'd been looking out at the night sky. I sat on the sill and waited until whoever it was came in. I heard him/her move toward my bed. I turned around and guess who it was. Yes, you're right. Jacque. He realized with a jolt that I was looking at him. He came toward me and knelt on one knee. What was he doing? \"Beth will you marry me. I know I will never love a woman as much as you.\" I was frantic. \"Jacque, you're not thinking clearly. The alcohol is affecting your better judgment. You don't love me; you're just confusing what happened earlier for love.\" \"No, I do Beth. From the moment I saw you I-\" \"You were looking at my breasts. You see, the only thing you love is my body, not me.\" He seemed to flounder for a moment. \"Don't worry; I don't hold it against you. I just want you to realize that you don't love me and it would never work.\" \"I'm sorry for bothering you. I think I'm going to lie down now.\" He left and closed the door quietly behind him. For some strange reason I still wasn't tired. I was awake for a long time and was probably the first to see the fire. I ran out and woke everyone. Instead of being scared, they just nodded their heads and I noticed they were already dressed. \"Run girl, put your clothes on and meet us downstairs.\" I passed Jacque and he insisted on waiting for me. I quickly dressed. I left the nuns outfit and put on my coat. I grabbed Jacque's hand and ran down the stairs. The front door was already open and the cart was waiting outside. We jumped in the back and I was surprised to find barrels of food. We started riding. We seemed to be following the other carts in the muddy street, and others fell in behind us. I was taken aback by this organized march. As soon as we got out of the village however, the pace picked up. I heard some soldiers telling everyone to hurry. I looked out and saw the last cart being followed by a small cavalry of the village's soldiers. We were nearly a mile away when I heard screaming. When I turned my head we were surrounded. We had unknowingly ridden into an ambush. Jacque got out. He whispered to me, \"Pull your hood up.\" I did as he said. I heard them interrogating the old man and his wife; they didn't seem to be suspicious. Then one of the officers spoke to Jacque. \"Boy, what do you have back there?\" \"Some grain and a few vegetables, sir.\" He seemed pleased at Jacque's respectful tone. \"I'm sure you wouldn't mind us taking a portion of it, would you?\" \"No, but please would you leave some for my grandparents?\" \"You are very selfless lad. I don't see much of that these days. I will grant you your wish. Who is that behind you?\" Jacque seemed to be panicking. \"She's my sister. Please leave her be. We just lost our parents, you see and-\" \"Shut up. If you got a woman back there we're going to have to take her. For entertainment purposes you know why, am I right? \"No, sir.\" \"You can't expect men to be loyal to their king's cause if they don't have any fun, you see where I'm going with this? So step aside before you get hurt!\" I decided that things were headed in a dangerous direction, so I decided to step out. Jacque stepped defensively in front of me. I put my hand on his shoulder. \"It's alright Jacque. I don't want you to get hurt. I'll be fine.\" \"You see? She knows what is expected of her. Don't worry. We'll take good care of her.\" I stepped away from him and walked toward the officer. He held out his hand and I took it. \"Let's see what is under that hood, shall we?\" He hooked his finger under my hood and let it fall. All of them gasped. \"I say, you are quite a beauty. Worthy of the king himself.\" Then he shouted to his men, \"Why don't we take this beautiful young woman to King Richard?\" (King Richard? Oh my f-) They all shouted their agreement and gave me a horse. \"If you try to run, we will kill you, and then we will come back for these vermin and kill them, do you understand?\" \"I understand.\" I almost hit myself in the head. My voice now had a seductive hint in it. What was going on with me? The officer leered at me and grabbed my ass to hoist me up. It was an automatic reaction; I spit in his face. The men gave cheers and the officer smiled. \"The king will enjoy taming you.\" They all mounted and as we left I waved goodbye to them. I was happy that I was a big enough distraction to make the soldiers forget to take 'their' share of Jacque's family's food. We rode for nearly the whole day and we finally arrived at a camp of tents. \"Put your hood up. The men might think you're a gift, and tackle you off your horse, to add to the fun, if you know what I mean?\" \"Why don't you just say it? They would've forced me! They would've raped me!\" \"Quiet down now. We don't want to attract any unwanted attention, now do we?\" I sat in the saddle seething. I was saddle sore. Sure I'd ridden a few times, but never for this long. We headed into the centre of camp. We reached a large red and yellow tent. A flag with an image of a fisted gauntlet and lion hung over it. Great! They led me in and the first thing I saw was the man behind the desk. He wasn't big, but he was tall and muscled. He had grey stubble on his cheeks, and I was surprised at how young he looked. I expected him to at least be like in his forty's. This was King Richard we're talking about here. He looked up and I was floored by how good he looked. Deep brown hair and sky blue eyes. The officer stepped forward. \"My liege, we found this young woman not far from here. As you can see she is extraordinarily beautiful. We thought you might like to have some fun with her.\" King Richard stared at me for what seemed like a long time. I gave him the best murderous glare I could muster. A hint of a smile came to his face. \"Leave us. You can put your report on the table captain. You are hereby relieved of duty for the next three days.\" The men started walking out. The captain put his report, gave me one last glance and walked out. I on the other hand was still giving Richard a murderous glare. He sighed, \"Why don't you take a seat.\" When I remained standing, he walked behind his desk and sat. \"You do realize, if I so wished, I could take you right now on this canvas floor.\" \"So?\" \"So why aren't you scared?\" \"I'm tired of you people thinking you're all high and mighty, but in actual fact you're just people who need to be taught manners. However I feel that you aren't going to take me because you are a devout church man.\" His brows rose at that. \"You seem like an extremely smart girl. With the right tuition, I bet you could help John run my kingdom while I'm off on crusades.\" \"Why would you appoint a woman?\" \"Why not? I'm trying to prove to the other nations that Britain is a civilized country which treats everyone equally.\" I thought it over. Refuse and get raped, or, accept and gain more power and not get raped. Hmm, difficult. \"I accept.\" \"Good. I will arrange for no man to touch you without your permission, and you shall be headed for England tomorrow morning with an escort. You shall ride to a little port town, less than a mile from here. From there you shall take a three day trip across the channel. You should stay under the deck; sailors can get very excited when it comes to a girl who's barely entered womanhood. Then you shall head to Oxford in a carriage, where you shall be taught by John, the niceties of the kingdom. Tonight you will sleep in the tent reserved for my handmaiden.\" He rang a bell and an old man walked in. \"Take this girl to my handmaiden's tent. Tell the men that they are not to touch her and are to leave her be when she's at the camp fire.\" The old man nodded and left. I followed him. He showed me to a tent not very far away. I didn't stay for long. Soon I was relaxing near the fire. I'd left my coat in the tent and I'd already gotten a dagger from one of the armouries. I'd become invisible and snuck. My leather pants had a strap to hold the sheathed weapon. It would easy to pull it out and put it back in. It wasn't that long, but it was longer than a standard kitchen knife. For a long time I was staring into the fire. I was thinking about getting home, because this was too much. I felt a hand rest on my shoulder. It was an automatic reaction; I grabbed his wrist and flipped him over in front of me. He looked up in surprise. \"I just wanted to ask if I may join you. You looked so lonely.\" \"Sorry about that. I've just been a little on edge lately. It's this whole battle. In less than a day, I've been taken from my home, had to fight off a bunch of horny freaks and been treated like a slave. It's just so much.\" He got up and sat next to me. \"My name is Michael. I realize that it is tough, but once this is over you can return to your old life, and leave this place.\" \"I can't. My home is far away (I decided to lie a bit) and my parents are dead.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that. I was asked to introduce myself. I will be escorting you to Oxford. I hope we will get to know each other.\" With that he left. I decided it was getting late, so I decided act like I needed some sleep. I got in my tent and found a blank little booklet and a small inkwell and quill. I didn't need any diary, but I decided to keep it anyway. I lay down and tried to get some rest. I just lay there for hours, staring at the canvas ceiling. In the morning before the sun was even up. I heard a light knock on my tent pole. I got up to see who it was. It was Michael. \"It's best we leave now, before the whole camp gets up.\" I nodded and was going to put my coat on, but he handed me a satin one. \"If you're going to be a lady, I think you should dress like one.\" I smiled at him. I out it on and groaned when I looked at myself. It was way too tight. We headed toward the stalls. We walked passed a couple of guys who looked like they were in their thirties and one of them put his arm around my waist. \"You look very delicious. How about you and I take this to my tent.\" \"Let go of me you pig!\" I squirmed in his grip, and before I did something I would regret, Michael stepped forward and pushed the man away. We both fell over. I was so glad that it hadn't rained yesterday. I got up. \"She is headed for Oxford. King Richard gave the order that no one should touch her.\" The man let go of me. He hit my butt as I walked away. I turned and made him trip and fall over, knocking his friends over as well. I allowed myself a little smile. The horses were already saddled, so we got on and headed out. We were going at a slow trot. I didn't feel like talking and Michael seemed to sense that, so we rode in complete silence. When we reached the little town, we bought some supplies, but we found out the ship was only going to leave the next day. He arranged for us to sleep in an inn. \"I think we should sleep in the same room to avoid any unwanted attentions to you. King Richard's influence is not strong here.\" \"There is only one bed in each room and I'm not going to sleep in the same bed as you.\" \"I'll sleep on the floor. There's nothing you need to worry about.\" We were led to our room and the innkeeper left. He was a rather grumpy man who smelt strongly of ale. Michael handed me a pack. \"Those are your provisions for the next week. Use them wisely.\" I then realized that I hadn't eaten anything in two days, but I wasn't particularly hungry. What was going on with me? I was looking at the wall bewildered, and I didn't here Michael calling my name. He grabbed me by my shoulders and shook me silly. I don't know why, I just broke down. I was crying before I knew it. Michael held me and sat on the bed. He didn't try anything. We just sat there, me crying on his shoulder, and him trying to calm me down. I fell asleep in his arms. A beautiful woman stood before me, and took me into her arms. She started singing a haunting melody that triggered some memories. Burning pains' own hand Reaches into my chest Tearing at my life-line Making me cry out for what I lost Happiness, concealed, walks through heavens' gates My heart cries for her to come back The grey monster concealing the heavens Cries blood red tears Feeling my life burning away It writhes in pain It thins and parts like twine Giving a distant rumbling cry The heat eats away at my foundations Creating a blistered dry land Full of creatures that torment me Wanting to break free and destroy everything around them Looking through the golden gates Seeing another light disappear The blaze in me burns itself out I realize greener pastures wait on the other side Yet the sadness remains And I will bear it Until I myself Walk through those gates Then she spoke. \"My child, if you let this battle harden you, you will become less human, until you do not need the things humans do. Your feelings will fade and this in turn will make it hard to distinguish between right and wrong. My daughter, turn away from this path of destruction and hate. You need to let yourself be human, or you'll regret it forever.\" She faded[Chapter 7] I woke up feeling so good. The blankets on the bed felt good on my naked body. Naked? I sat up abruptly, and found my clothes on a chair next to me. Michael was asleep in another chair behind the door with a sword in his hand. \"Michael!\" I whispered, \"Michael!\" He jumped up and threw his sword. It barely missed the side of my head. I was so scared I almost peed right there and then. He saw my horrified expression and apologized. I gulped and asked, \"What happened last night? How did I get out of these clothes?\" \"Don't worry. A maid came in and undressed you. She ordered me out so I didn't see anything. Until now that is.\" He nodded at my chest. My face felt so hot that I'm sure that there should've been flames on my face. I lifted the blanket to cover my exposed chest. I was silent for a while, trying to live down the embarrassment. He made an attempt to speak, but that made me realize how angry I was at him. \"Why didn't you tell me? You just sat there and looked!\" \"Relax now. It was a rare sight. One so young yet so grown.\" \"You know Michael, I thought you were different. You treated me so nicely, but now I realize you're just a pig.\" \"How dare you speak to me like that? I am the commander in chief of the king's royal army. I will not be spoken to in such a manner by a woman!\" I just wanted to cry. I looked away and dried my eyes. \"Please leave. I would like to get dressed.\" I heard the scrape of a chair and the door opening and close. I got out tentatively. I put my clothes on (they stank). I decided I was tired of having to live mundanely. If I could control anything, then... I concentrated on my body and felt the dirt and grime caking, and then flaking off my body. I sent it out the window. I decided enough was enough. I was leaving this bloody place. I looked out the window and saw that the streets were filled with lots of people. Oh well. I climbed out and lowered myself out and onto the ledge beneath my window. A small crowd of spectators had gathered around the base of the inn. I dropped the last 2 feet to the ground. I started walking away, when Michael saw me. I broke into a run. I made it to the outskirts before I was discovered. Michael was gaining ground, so I decided to cut into the forest. The trees were very close together, so when he was scrambling through the undergrowth, I took to the branches high above. It was all so natural. I didn't even think about these things anymore. One second I'll be on the ground, the next, soaring through the air. I flew to the topmost branch and stayed close to the trunk, hiding myself in its shadow. Michael ran past the tree without even looking around. After 20 minutes, I slowly lowered myself to the ground and ran in the direction perpendicular to him. I ran 3 days without stopping, enhancing my speed, until I came upon a small cave with a lamp at its entrance. I walked in, prepared to strike out. The tunnel was extremely long. It felt like hours had passed before I exited into what appeared to be a little village. The houses seemed to have been grown from the tree itself. The ones above were connected with bridges. I warily crept around in the shadows of trees. I saw an old lady working outside a little house. She was grinding a blue stone into powder. I watched her work for a long time. Then suddenly she turned around and looked directly at my hiding spot. \"You can come out now, that was a slight demonstration on how immortals make the best of their time.\" I opened my mouth to protest but she waved it down. \"There's no use trying to hide it. You are giving off strong energy, the strongest I've ever felt. You probably must have been displaced in time, no? I've seen countless people like you. Let me tell you, going forward to your own time is impossible. It takes far more energy to go forward than back, in fact, it's a miracle you've survived going back so far.\" \"How do I get back?\" \"It's a long process, but I hope that by the time the preparations for your return are complete, you will have mastered all I have to teach you. Time travel is an imprecise practice; you could end up a hundred years from your time.\" \"I don't care! I just want to get home. I'll do whatever I need to.\" She smiled at that and led me into her house, and that's when I began my journey of pure power. ","Summary":" The chronicles of the white stallions Volume 1 Prologue Blood everywhere, but I had to keep running"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"Maybe Baby","Author":"mizsmilie10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6467447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jane's P.O.V O.M.G! I sat on the bathroom floor with my head leaning against the wall tiles. I cannot believe it! In my hand, lied a pregnancy test. I'd been feeling weird lately and thought hey why not try and see? Sure enough, on the little screen was my future. The test was positive. In nine months, I'll be having a baby! That's right, I'm pregnant! I couldn't be happier! But, how was I going to tell Kevin. I mean, I'm sure he'd be happy, but he just got promoted. He's got the job he always wanted, writing front page for the newspaper instead of weddings, and now he's going to be a dad. I don't want to distract him from his job. And me, what about me? I couldn't be happier, my first child. Maybe, I should call Tess and tell her first. I picked up the phone, I'm not sure why the phone was in the bathroom, Kevin must've left it in there. Oh well. I dialled Tess' number and waited for her to answer. Ring ring ring! -C'mon Tess answer your phone! I muttered to myself Hello? Tess, it's Jane I have major news! Let me guess? Your pregnant? She giggled as she spoke. She was simply making a joke but little did she know it was the truth. Well.. OMG! It's true! I was just joking but it's true OMG! YOU'RE HAVING A BABY! Yes I am! Isn't this great? Yes, I'm going to be an aunt! Have you told Kevin? No, I mean he just got promoted I don't want to stress him out. You won't Jane! Kevin is a great guy! He's going to be excited! I know I know I guess I'm just nervous! So, what are you having? I don't know. I just took the pregnancy test. Well, first things first we're going to go see a doctor! We? Yes, of course I'm coming with you, sis! Alright. I'll be there to pick you up in half an hour. Wait, what? Now? Why? Beep! Beep! Beep! She hung up on me. I guess I better get ready. It's a good thing Kevin isn't home that way I won't have to tell him until tonight! Tess' P.O.V. I cannot believe Jane is having a baby! I'm so excited; I'm going to be an Aunt. I wish I could find someone like Kevin. He loves her so much! Ever since the engagement party fiasco, I surprisingly haven't had any boyfriends. My life hasn't been the same. I've moved closer to Jane, got a good job as a secretary and have been living a great life. I still keep in touch with George, I mean he is my sister's boss it's kind of hard not to. But, there's no romantic spark. After he found out my secrets, he didn't feel anything and I've moved on. I'm glad though that Jane did what she did. Although it was cruel and uncalled for, it's for the better. I'm no longer that immature, party girl. Just, Tess, Jane's younger sister. I grabbed my keys and headed for the door. I waved hello to the doorman, walking through the door, and made my way to the parking lot. I got inside my car, and drove to Jane's place. Jane's P.O.V I heard a honk outside my window. Tess must be here. I'm not too sure where she plans on taking me. I didn't make an appointment with my doctor. I wrote a note for Kevin saying I was out with Tess and then ran out the door. I hopped into Tess' car and strapped on my seatbelt. She squealed. Ah! I can't believe it! My sister is pregnant! I know! I'm getting more excited the more I think about it! The rest of the way there, we talked baby names, outfits and rooms. She suggested the name Lily for a girl and the name Zach for a boy. I like Lily, Zach not so much, it's not me. Okay, well what are you thinking then? I'm not sure, I'll have to talk to Kevin. We pulled into the Doctor's parking lot. It was packed, which meant we were going to have to wait a while. The time flew by though. Tess and I talked about every little thing I was going to need for this baby. We also talked about how I should tell Kevin and my dad that their wife and daughter was pregnant! Then, the nurse, who was wearing a pink teddy bear ensemble came out. Jane, the doctor is ready to see you.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two- Surprise! Kevin's P.O.V I walked in the door, very tiredly. It was such a long day. I'd worked so hard, just to have my editor say do it again. I think I should quit. Nah! I couldn't do that. I walked into the kitchen, and noticed a note on the counter. \" Kevin, I've gone out with Tess I'll see you later. Love you, Jane.\" Mmm, I wonder where they went. Oh well, I guess I'll have to find something to eat for dinner. Aha, some ham and cheese will do. Now, where's the bread. Found it! I'll make myself a nice sandwich, I thought to myself. Jane's P.O.V This is it. I was on my way into the doctor's office when she met me at the door. \"Hello Jane, how are you?\" She asked with a smile on her face. \"Good, a little nervous.\" \"Why? Don't worry, tell me about it. Tess would you like to come in too?\" \"Oh, I'm fine thanks, I'll wait out here for you Jane.\" \"Okay\" I stepped in the room, and my doctor, Dr. M, shut the door. \"So, what seems to be the problem Jane?\" \"Well, it's not really a problem; it's more of a pleasure.\" I said feeling a little less queasy. \"Oh my, you're pregnant aren't you? I've been your doctor for years now, you've grown up. It's such an honour!\" \"Yes I am. I think. That's why I came here. The pregnancy test said positive, but it also said it may not be accurate. I don't want any false work. So, I came here to find out for sure.\" \"Okay, dear. We'll take the a few exams and we'll know soon enough.\" Kevin's P.O.V I heard the keys turn in the lock. Finally, I've been waiting for Jane to get home for over an hour. She entered the room, wearing a smile on her face. \"Hey honey, where'd you go with Tess?\" I asked, curiously. \"Well…\" She came over and sat on the couch. She faced me, smile and all, with her legs crossed. I smirked, \"what is it?\" I was getting more and more curious! \"I'M PREGNANT!\" She blurted out all at once. WOW! I can't believe it; I'm going to be a dad. \"Wow, that's so great! We're going to be parents.\" I reached over and hugged her. I held her in my embrace for a long time. It was the perfect surprise after a long day at work. I couldn't stop smiling, this was so amazing. Our family would be complete. I wonder how many people she's told already.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3- What next? Jane's P.O.V I sat on the couch, my legs crossed, facing Kevin. We had been going over everything, what we were going to need and what names, what happens if it's a boy, what happens if it's a girl? Over all he seemed pretty happy, which made me happy. We were going to be one big happy family! \"Why don't we go shopping for the baby's room tomorrow?\" Kevin suggested. \"Sounds great, maybe we should invite Tess too, I mean she's all alone, I think it would be great for her!\" I tried to reason, I know Kevin only knew her as bridezilla, and had gotten to know her better but I was hoping for some real bonding. \"Okay, I thought maybe we could do this, you know, as a married couple, but invite Tess if you want..\" His voice trailed off. He seemed unsure, like he really wanted this to be just the two of us, which was kind of sweet in a way. \"You know what, you're right never mind!\" I grabbed his hand and pulled him down the hallway. I grabbed my jacket off it's hook and began to slip my left arm through the slot. \"Where are you going?\" He asked with a slight smirk on his face. \"I'm not going anywhere; WE'RE going on a walk!\" I smiled and let go of his hand to put my other arm in my jacket. He grabbed his jacket and slipped on his shoes. He put his arm around me again and I wrapped my hand in his, which rested gently on my shoulder. I tilted my head to rest on the end of his shoulder, it was a perfect fit. We walked down the stairs of our apartment and out the door. The air was crisp and cool. Surrounding us was people busy, talking on their cell phones, couples holding hands, and children running after one and other. Soon, that would be me, watching my child run and play. This was so exciting. I, me, Jane was going to have a baby with my soul mate! \"So where exactly are we letting this walk take us?\" Kevin whispered softly and slowly into my ear. \"I'm not too sure, I just wanted to walk.\" For the rest of the way, we walked in silence. Not an uncomfortable silence, a beautiful silence. One that let each other know we loved one and other without saying any words. It was beautiful.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 – How many choices! Jane's P.O.V \"Hi, can I help you today?\" The lady at the counter smiled. It was exactly a nice smile, more like a forced smile. \"Yes, my wife has just found out she's pregnant and we're going to need everything for the baby's room.\" Kevin smiled and pulled me close. He wrapped his arms around my waist. The counter lady tilted her head, winced, and then smiled. \"Well, most people that come in here are looking for baby things. I meant specifically.\" This lady surely didn't seem like someone I would normally interact with but I guess I didn't have a choice. I decided to cut in before things got ugly. \"We're not sure whether it's a boy or a girl, so we're thinking something unisex possibly a yellow for the wall. We'll need a basinet, a crib, a change table and a dresser for now.\" The lady finally looked pleased to see that someone knew what they were talking about. \"How did you know all that?\" Kevin whispered in my ear. \"I've been planning my life out since I was little.\" I teased. Kevin smiled. \"Well, why don't we start with the cribs?\" The lady smiled and came out from behind her counter. Kevin's P.O.V After five different baby stores and the Home Depot, we finally got what we needed. Jane decided she loved yellow for the walls. She got bunny wallpaper for around the tops of the walls. I let Jane pick out almost everything; I could tell she was enjoying herself. All I want is to make her happy. I still can't believe that I'm going to have a family with the most amazing girl in the world. I really want to make this special which is exactly why I'm going to get started on the baby's room tomorrow. Jane and Tess are going to lunch tomorrow anyway; it would be the perfect surprise. I still need to come up with something big. I just don't know what yet. I heard sudden footsteps walking across the floor. I realized that I had been standing in front of the mirror in the bathroom for almost ten minutes. Jane popped her head in the door, \"are you okay?\" she asked. \"Yeah I'm fine, just thinking about how great this is going to be.\" I walked over to her and pulled her close. I stared deep into her eyes and then gently kissed her. When we parted lips, she rested her head gently against my chest. I hugged her tighter and we stood like this for quite a while. Then we decided to lay down on the couch and watch some t.v. It had been such a long day, we were in need of a break.[Chapter 5] Jane's P.O.V - Well, thank you. Tess' going to be here any minute I should go. Bye. I hung up the phone. I was talking to the leader of my \"new mothers\" group. She's got me completely overwhelmed. I didn't know there was so much I had to do before the baby. I always had a plan, but there's so much to learn and so little time. I only have 9 months to stock up on baby food, diapers, bottles and creams. I'm also going to need to learn a few different languages in case whomever I need to communicate with that day doesn't speak English. I'm also going to need to buy a stopwatch and take lots of new mom courses. I want this baby to be perfect. Maybe Tess and I can stop buy the library and get some books on parenting. I'm also going to need to go on a specific diet so this baby stays healthy. - Knock-knock! - Tess, you know instead of saying knock-knock you could just knock? - I know, but it's more fun! -Okay, well there are a few things I want to pick up on the way. - Sure. - Kevin, I'm leaving. Kevin came out from the bedroom. His hair was a mess but at least he was dressed this time. He came over and kissed me on the cheek. - I'll see you when you get home okay? - Yes. Oh sweetie, can you pick me up a few things? I left the list on the kitchen counter. -Of course Jane, anything for you. Kevin's P.O.V She's crazy. She's absolutely positively crazy. The list had to be 25-30 items long. Towels, pillows, bassinet, 5 soothers, baby carrier, cloths, night light, 3 diaper bags, knee pads, baby helmet, bottle warmer, baby toilet seat, bottles and so much more. Baby helmet? My kid is not walking around with a baby helmet. What is she thinking? And bottle warmer, really? Um, hello there's a little thing we call a microwave why don't we use that? Why do we need pillows? We have pillows. Jane has gone completely insane. I wonder where she got all of this from. She never mentioned anything like this before and I thought she said a few things. This is more a boat load of baby things. Make those pointless baby things. Well, I should get started. I ran to grab my keys, took the list and headed off to the store.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6- Kevin's P.O.V Ugh. What a long day! I looked around for about 2 hours, and didn't get half of the stuff on the list. I'm not paying twenty dollars for a baby helmet! Again, who needs a baby helmet! I walked in the front door with 3 bags around each arm and my keys in my mouth. Wow, Jane still isn't home. I set the bags down and went to the kitchen. I had to get something to eat, I hadn't eaten since this morning, and my little shopping trip had interrupted my need for food. I sighed. To be honest, I was a little afraid for when Jane got home. I mean, that list she left for me was insane! What if she's like, crazy in real life too, not just on paper? Then what am I going to do? I pulled out an apple from the fridge, then reached behind and grabbed a beer, placing the apple back in the fridge. I was going to need it. Just as I cracked the lid open, I heard the front door. Well, here we go. Jane's P.O.V I walked in the door with about 10 books stacked high. I could barely walk. \"KEVIN! CAN YOU PLEASE HELP ME! I AM PREGNANT! I 'SHOULDN'T HAVE TO CARRY THESE!\" Kevin rushed over, beer in hand and took a few books off the top. \"What is all this?\" he asked. I looked at him, then to his beer, then back to him. \"What is it Jane?\" he asked. \"Well, it's just that you want to be a good parent right?\" I looked at him innocently. \"Yes, why?\" he looked confused. \"Well, as our child grows up, we don't want them to see you drinking beer, it sets a bad example, plus if you're going to help me, I don't want you intoxicated.\" Kevin frowned. \"But you've never had a problem with my drinking before.\" \"Yes, well according to these books, drinking is bad which means you won't do it, right?\" I raised my tone a little; I wanted to make sure he got the point. His head hung low, \"okay dear.\" I looked over and saw the bags sitting on the floor. \"Oh, did you complete the list?\" I walked over, only to be disappointed. I peered in the bags to find only half the things on the list. \"Where are the bottle warmer and the baby helmet? What about the knee pads huh?\" I turned to him with my hands crossed and my foot tapping. \"Well Jane, I didn't think our baby really needed those things, I mean what's the point?\" I stared wide eyed. How could he say that? Didn't he want our baby to turn out right too? \"What's the point?\" I yelled. Kevin stared at me not knowing what to say. \"What's the point!\" I yelled a little louder this time. \"How could you say that Kevin, do you not want our baby to be perfect like I do? You know what that's fine! I'll do this on my own!\" I ran off to the bedroom, tears streaming down my face. How could he not care? This was horrible! \"Jane! Jane, wait!\" I heard Kevin calling after me but chose to ignore him. I grabbed a tissue from the end table and sat on my bed. I peered over in the mirror to see mascara running down my face and red swollen eyes. \"Why doesn't he understand...\" I muttered to myself.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7- My bad? Kevin's P.O.V \"Jane! Come on, Jane!\" I ran into the bedroom after her, even though I knew I was soon to regret it, I went and sat beside her on the bed. She was perched on her side, leaning over the night stand with a tissue placed to her nose. \"Go away!\" Jane responded with anger in her tone. Though I would never tell her, she was beginning to act like a child. I took a deep breath before giving in, \"Jane, you're right, I do want this baby to be perfect, I just don't think we need all-\" Jane turned around sharply, and then interrupted. \"If you're not on board, then why'd you come?\" She looked at me, waiting for a response. I knew there was no way I was going to win this one, I'd just have to go along with her crazy plans. I mean, it's got to be the hormones? It'll blow over eventually. I could hear Jane tapping her fingers against the table waiting. Ugh, I thought. \"You know what? You're right. Our baby does need all that stuff, why don't I go back out tomorrow and pick them up?\" Jane's face lit up. \"Really, you'd do that for me?\" She batted her eyelashes, and wiped her nose with the tissue. \"Of course.\" Jane reached over and wrapped her arms around me. The hug only lasted a few seconds, before she pulled away. I leaned in to kiss her, but found her hand pressed against my lips. \"Not in front of the baby!\" With that, Jane hopped off the bed and scurried into the living room. I watched as she left, smiling at the slight skip in her step. She may be a crazy hormonal pregnant lady, but she's still the most beautiful girl in the world. Now, what am I going to do about that stuff I have to buy? It's insane, I thought to myself. * I'm so sorry I haven't written! I've totally had writer's block lately. But, I really wanted to thank you all for reading my story! It means so much to me! I know it's a short chapter, but there's more coming![Chapter 8] Jane's P.O.V I woke up feeling a little woozy. My back was sore and my feet were swollen. \" Kevin!\" I whined hoping he'd come rub my feet. When there was no response I called again, louder this time. \"KEVINNN! I could really use a foot rub..sweetie.\" I pouted. When he didn't respond for a second time, I groaned figuring he wasn't home. I stood up slowly, sliding off the bed. I wobbled out to the kitchen, looking around trying to see if Kevin had left a note. Suddenly, I noticed a vase with daisies in it, one that had never been there before. I smiled, walking over to it, my eyes focusing on a little card tied around the vase. I untied the small green ribbon and held the card close to my face so I could read it. Dear Jane, I'm out to get more baby stuff. I love you beautiful. Love, Kevin I felt tears building up in my eyes. \"That is so sweet.\" I whispered. Kevin's P.O.V As I searched the aisle for a \"baby bottle heater\", I wondered if Jane had gotten the flowers i left. I figured they might keep me on her good side for a while...I hoped anyway. Though I apologized last night, this was all still ridiculous. Why did I buy a microwave if were not gonna use it! I swear the reasonable practical Jane has been swallowed whole by these crazy raging pregnant lady hormones of hers. I spotted another poor sucker, who looked t be about my age, searching frantically down the baby aisle. He looked up at me, and sighed. \"Your wife send you here too?\" he asked, looking as if he was about to give up. I nodded my head with a small chuckle. \" Women.\" the guy muttered while shaking his head. \"You do not wanna mess with a pregnant woman.\" Another guy who had just came around the corner, joined in. The three of us discussed the outrageous lists our wives had given us, comparing notes for the next hour. \"Shoot, Jane's gonna flip.\" I said before grabbing my buggy. \" It was great meeting you guys. Good luck!\" I said with a laugh before rushing over to the register. When I was done at the store, I sped home, hoping that Jane wasn't to angry. I decided that I would tell her that I had to go to a couple different stores to try and find what she was looking for. If she knew that I was trashing pregnant ladies, she'd probably kill me. When I got to the house, I had trouble getting through the door with all the bags I was carrying. But, when I finally did, boy did I have a surprise waiting for me... ","Summary":" Jane's P.O.V O.M.G! I sat on the bathroom floor with my head leaning against the wall tiles. I cann"},{"Movie":"Snatch","Title":"All Bets Are Off","Author":"CosmicGirl22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2897237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Brick Top's bar sat empty. Of course, it usually was empty, it served as little more than a front for Brick tops other businesses, unlicensed boxing and dog fighting-both very much illegal. Phil was behind the bar reading his newspaper as usual. Danessa Palford sat at the bar and tried her best to stay awake. She had worked as a waitress in her dads bar for about a month now. Her father, Brick Top, had said it was a good opportunity for her to meet new people and earn some money, but Danessa knew he probably just wanted her nearby so he could keep a closer eye on her. It had been like that her whole life, ever since her mother had run off with her to try and get her out of the lifestyle her father led. They hadn't gotten far till Brick Tops men had found them and brought them back. Since then her mother spent her days in a cloud of alcohol and pills, and Danessa spent her time within ear shot of her father, whether with him at the gym, the pig farm, or under the supervision of one of his goons. Even at school all she had to do was look out a window to see a black car or someone in a black suit standing under a tree , smoking a cigarette and wondering how he got so lucky to be put on baby sitting duty. Danessa heard a ding behind her and turned around to see John and Errol coming in. Errol looked Danessa over and grinned, which on his face looked alien. She knew Errol had a crush on her, but wouldn't dare make a move. He knew what had happened to the last guy who tried to make a move on Danessa, in fact Errol had been the one that done it. His name was Gary, he had worked for Brick Top a long time, but about a week ago Liam had caught Gary peeping and masturbating to Danessa outside her window. Liam went to Brick top with the news. Gary got a stun gun in the side and a plastic bag over his head, Liam got the same…for being a grasser. \"Working hard as usual.\" Errol said as he looked around. Phil just smirked and turned the page of his paper. \"You look busy yourself, Errol.\" Danessa said as she went back to trying to make designs out of toothpicks. \"As a matter of fact I am busy. The guv'nor said for me to tell you he wants to see you.\" \"Does he now….and just leave Phil here alone…in the middle of this rush?\" Danessa sighed. Phil seemed not to notice. \"C'mon love.\" Errol said, \"Lets not keep your daddy waiting.\" \"Fine.\" Danessa rose from the barstool and followed Errol out the door. A black car waited by the curb. John opened the door of the passenger side for her and then shut it behind her. John always opened doors for her. She didn't know if it was because he liked her or if it was because he had been told to. Errol popped into the drivers seat and started the car as John slid into the back. They headed west toward the gym. Boxing was her fathers passion…well that and money. He had a new fighter, and everyone agreed he was the best they'd seen. \"Bomber\" was what people called him, Danessa didn't know his real name. Bomber Harris was in the corner practicing on a sandbag hung from the ceiling. Each punch was a deafening thud in the room. Her father was in his office on the phone with someone…and by the sound of it he wasn't happy. \"You tell that mother fucking cunt that if he so much as breathes heavy this next week he'll have me to deal with.\" Brick top slammed the phone down on its hanger, then looked up to see his daughter. After a deep breath, he motioned her to come in, Errol followed behind her. \"You wanted to see me, Dad?\" she said. \"Yeah, sit.\" he motioned to the chair and then whispered something to Errol. Errol nodded, then turned to leave. She could see Errol telling John something then they both left the place…making sure to check their guns before they went. \"Problems?\" she asked her father as he sat down at his desk. \"Nothing you need to worry about, Nessa.\" he ruffled some papers on his desk and then squared his shoulders, and looked at Danessa with his wide eyes. Danessa knew this meant he was about to give her a speech. \"I've been proud of you these last few weeks at the pub.\" \"I've hardly done anyth…\" she started but Brick Top raised his hand and she fell silent. \"You've shown initiative. Now I've got a fight coming up in a couple of days. The Bomber against Turkish's boy…Gorgeous George.\" Danessa smirked, Turkish was a bit of a laughing stock in the boxing world, but with Gorgeous George he had begun to earn some respect. \"What I want you to do is act as a liaison between Turkish and me. You'll be the Bombers manager. If you think you're up for it?\" Brick top's face was a contorted sneer, as though he were trying to hold back a smile. \"Yeah, of course I am…\" Danessa was stunned. \"Of course you are.\" Brick tops sneer turned into a smirk…which was as close to a smile as he ever got. \"Now Turkish is coming by later, he'll want to set the venue but you tell him where to stick it. Also you need to speak with Bomber, let him know you're his manager…I'm putting you in charge of this circus, and I don't want to have it fucked up.\" \"You can trust me dad. I'll do you proud.\" Brick Top stood up and opened the door out for her. \"I'll have Errol and John with you as well, when they get finished with present business. It wont hurt to have Turkish see you're well protected.\" \"All right.\" Danessa didn't want to argue, even though she didn't exactly want her dads goons following her around. She shrugged and went to speak to Bomber. Her name is Danessa Palford, but everyone knows her as \"Bricktop's daughter\", a.k.a. \"Don't Touch for Fear of Your Fucking Life\". Tommy knew a guy who knew a guy who heard that a guy had been caught getting to familiar with Miss Palford and got his ass handed to him-literally. The guy had to know he had it coming…you just don't mess with the kingpins daughter. That was alright with me, though. In my line of business, You don't have much time for relationships. They're more of a liability than anything…in case you get on the wrong side of somebody-somebody like Bricktop. Anyway, back to Danessa Palford, why Bricktop is putting her in-between him and myself in this deal is beyond me, but I'm not going to take any punches just cause she's a girl. I've got my pride.[Chapter 2] Turkishnlooked at Tommy and wondered why the hell he was smiling. This wasnnot good news. Brick Top was a bastard but at least you could dealnwith him. This girl, Turkish knew very little about. There she was,nstanding there waiting for him to come up to her, with two goons atnher side. That was ok though, Turkish had two goons as well, Tommynand Gorgeous. Sighing, Turkish gave in, and walked over to her . \"So,nyou're Turkish.\" she said as he approached. \"Hello Tommy.\"nshe half smiled. \"'ellonNessa.\" Tommy grinned back. Turkishndid a double take at Tommy. He could've mentioned he knew thengirl. \"Andnthis must be Gorgeous George.\" she walked around George who seemednuncomfortable to be gawked at in such a way. George looked at Turkishnconfused. \"Donyou mind?\" Turkish asked for George. \"Henlooks good….we'll use him.\" she said ignoring Turkish'snquestion. She had seen her dad work long enough to know exactly hownit was done. Turkish should be thankful…at least she sparred him antour of the pig farm. \"I'venalready been over this with Brick Top.\" Turkish sighed. \"Thenonly thing left to discuss is the venue.\" \"What'snto discuss? It will be at 'the warehouse'…where all our fightsnare.\" \"Inthink it should be at the club on 75th street. More room,nless hassle.\" \"Whonthe fuck cares what you want? The lady's spoken.\" Errol spoke upnto show how big he was. \"Inwasn't talking to you Errol.\" Turkish popped. \"And…nonoffense…but I highly doubt she's a lady.\" Errolnmoved forward to slug Turkish in the face, but with an \"eehh\"nlike her father's Danessa held up her hand to keep him back. \"Look…wengot people coming to this fight.\" she was trying her best to soundnsweet as she pushed past Errol, \"These people get nervous in newnplaces. You get my meaning….don't you Turkish?\" She'ns just like her old man. She talks down to me…just like her oldnman. Thank God she doesn't look like him. \"Alright.n We can use your location but I use my ref…just so I know it's anfair fight.\" Turkish sneered. \"Fair?\"nDanessa had to laugh, it was unlicensed boxing. \"First guy not tonget back up is the loser.\" \"Ohnis that the way it works?\" Turkish sneered. He had been doing thisna bit longer than her. \"Alright,nyour ref then.\" She shrugged, Turkish was known for beingnfair…everyone knew no one took a dive in his fights. Why not letnhim have his own ref? \"Fairnenough…\" Turkish nodded, then added \"We'll be in touch.\"nTurkish turned and George and Tommy followed. \"Younknow your dads not going to like your decision, there.\" Errol saidnonce they were out of ear shot. \"Dadnput me in charge of this thing, Errol.\" Danessa said as she watchednTurkish walk away. \"See you don't forget it.\" Danessa walkednback inside and Errol only shook his head as she went. --- \"Sonyou mind telling me how Miss Palford knows you?\" Turkish askednTommy when they got in the car. \"Well,n You know…Bricktop doesn't like me very much…\" Tommy said asnhe squirmed a bit in his seat. \"Inhadn't noticed.\" Turkish deadpanned. \"Yeah,nwell, when we were younger…Danessa and I…\" Tommy trailed off. \"Heldnhands and took windy walks?\" Turkish asked. \"Som'fingnlike that.\" Tommy fiddled with his fingernail and looked out thencar window. \"Younmean to tell me…you….and Bricktop's daughter were…..\"nTurkish's voice trailed off. \"Inngrade school- we went together. It was a long time ago Turkish. I'mnsurprised she even remembered me.\" \"Well,nfuck me, Tommy.\" Turkish decided to be quiet. He needed time tonprocess this new information. --- Danessandidn't realize how much work was involved in managing a boxer. nThere was checks to write, phone calls to make, people to lean on. nShe sat at her dad's home desk, filling out a check to thenwarehouse's landlord. Breifly she wondered why it wouldn't benbetter to just pay him cash but if this was the way dad did it therenhad to be a reason. \"Doingnsome homework?\" it was her mother, standing in the doorway of thenden. Danessa could tell she was well soused. As she was standing innone place yet her weight shifted and she couldn't stand still. \"Nonmother, I'm not doing homework…I've been out of school for somentime now.\" Danessa didn't look up she only kept ruffling throughnpages, hoping her mother would take the hint and leave her alone. \"Whatnare you doing then?\" taking the final sip of the drink in hernhand. \"Nothingnmum…go back to the TV.\" \"Justndismiss your own mother like that…\" she slurred and faltered onnher feet. \"Inhave a lot of work to do.\" Danessa didn't look up. \"You'renjust like your father.\" she spat as an insult. \"You look like menbut your him through and through.\" \"Isnthat right?\" Danessa put her pen down and glared up at her mother. \"Cold,ndetached, evil…\" her mother nodded. \"You rule your pile ofnshite and think you're the fucking king!\" her mother was in fullnrant mode. Danessa knew she wasn't really yelling at her, she wasnyelling at him. \"Never mind the little people…the people younstep on….kill…\" Bricktopnappeared and stood behind his wife. \"Go to bed, Danessa, luv.\"nhe said calmly through Mrs. Palford's now frantic raves. \"…Inthought I had me a man…not a monster!\" Danessanscooped up her few papers and left the room, her dad closed the doornbehind him. As she went up the stair case she heard the unmistakablenthud of him hitting her mother repeatedly. Funny, Danessa noticed itndidn't really bother her anymore…maybe she really was her fathernthrough and through. --- \"Goodnmorning, Danessa.\" It was John he was waiting outside the flat withnthe car. He opened the door for her on the passenger side, then gotnin the driver seat. \"Where'snErrol?\" Danessa asked, not that she cared. \"Thenguv'nor needed him. He said I was to drive you around today.\" nJohn started the car. \"So where to first?\"[Chapter 3] They drove around tonthe Warehouse where Danessa made sure there would be plenty ofnsecurity the night of the fight. Then she went round to the officenwhere bets were taken, and told the girl behind the counter thendetails and to go ahead and start taking bets. After these few choresnwere done Danessa and John were walking back to the car, which hadnbeen parked a ways back up the street. They were walking briskly andnafter turning a corner Danessa stopped suddenly as she ran smack dabninto someone. Looking up she saw a mans face above her. \"Oi.\" he saidnhatefully before noticing it was a girl he had just bumped into.n\"Sorry.\" he added as he began to dust himself off. Danessa was amazednat how tall the man was. He practically towered over her. His eyesnwent from her to John, who he obviously recognized. \"You ought to tellnyour girlfriend here to watch where she's going, John?\" he askednwith a slight smirk \"Excuse me?\"nDanessa asked him. John only looked around as though wishing Errolnwas close by. \"So, you got anname?\" The man continued as though he hadn't heard her. \"Do you?\" \"Tony.\" his eyesnglinted and his smile revealed a mouth full of gold. It didn'tntake a genius for her to work out who he was. \"Bullet ToothnTony.\" \"S'right, Yournturn.\" \"Danessa Palford.\" \"Well, fuck me andnall. You've grown up…and out.\" the last he added under hisnbreath as his eyes scanned down to her shirt. \"You got a deathnwish, Tony? Speaking to the guv'nor's daughter like that.\" nJohn spoke up finally. Tony ignored hisnthreat and leaned into Danessa. \"You ought'nt be hanging outnwith the likes of these guys.\" She knew he was referring to Errolnas well. \"You need protection on the street you should hirensomeone like me.\" \"Is that so?\" nShe had to admit she liked him. Usually the mention of her last namensent guys running, but here he was, not phased in the least. \"Innthat case…\" she motioned for him to follow her a ways down thenstreet, which he did. \"There's someonenI need to talk to. I'll pay you well if you come with me…andnlook menacing. Which seems to be your specialty.\" \"You have no ideanwhat my specialty is, luv.\" he thought for a second \"But, yeahnIll come with. Who is it?\" \"I think his namenis Mullet.\" She had heard Errol talk about him before. Apparentlynhe was in the right circles and had the right information-for anprice, but he was also a coward. She figured Tony was just the mannshe needed for a discount. \"I know just thenplace.\" he broke into a smile. Tony walked over andnopened his passenger side door for her. She looked over at John, whonhad just flipped up his cell phone. She knew he had called Errol atnthe first sign of trouble. John looked as though he was about to bensick. The thought of explaining to Errol-or worse Brick Top- thatnDanessa had taken off with Bullet Tooth Tony was not something henwanted to do. \"Errol says henneeds to talk to you.\" John thought quickly, and that was the bestnhe could come up with. \"I'll be fine.\"n she laughed. \"Go home.\" \"Yeah, John,\"nTony said as he closed the door behind her. \"I'll take good carenof her.\" His eye brows raised shadily. --- \"There we go.\"nTony pulled up by the curb and pointed to the gambling arcade. nDanessa made to get out of the car but he stopped her. \"Listen,nyou go in first, but just to make it fun, lets not tell him I'mnabout yet. When he starts hassling you for money, I'll come in andnlet you know you getting your moneys worth.\" \"How will I knownwho he is?\" she asked, her eyes narrowing. She hoped to God henwasn't just going to cut out on her, as some sort of paybackntowards her dad. \"Greasy git, wearsnhis clothes about two sizes too big, and he's all nose.\" \"You justndescribed half of London.\" she sighed, but didn't stay to argue. nShe closed the car door and walked up to the arcade. The door had anbell but no one bothered to look up as she entered. It wasnthankfully not busy and she zeroed in on the one she thought sure tonbe Mullet. She sat next to himnand smiled. He smiled back but then began cussing loudly at thenmachine. \"Are you Mullet?\"nshe asked once he had started to settle down. He looked at hernconfused but was more concerned with his machine, he had startednbanging it on the side. \"Who wants tonknow?\" he asked between slaps. \"I need someninformation. I hear you're the man to talk to.\" Now, he wasninterested. --- \"I want to knownwhy Mr. Palford…er…Brick Top had Gary and Liam killed.\" shenalmost knew it had something to do with her, but no one would levelnwith her. Now that she was out on her own, she hoped to find out thentruth. \"You mean you wantnme to grass on Brick Top. You don't have enough money. Have a nicenlife.\" he laughed and went back to his game. \"Mullet, How manyntimes I got to tell you you need some lessons on manners?\" It wasnTony, he had came through the back and was now saddled up besidenMullet. \"How ya doing,nTony, mate? Ya alright?\" \"Cut thenforeplay-Do you have any idea who she is?\" \"Queen of Sheba?\"nShe could tell by the look on his face that he wasn't happy to benthat close to Tony, but it still didn't stop his mouth. \"That there isnBrick Top's little Princess, and this here in your back is DesertnEagle .50. You're not in our league, Mullet. Now out with it.\" \"Jesus, Tony…Ingot to make a living like everyone else…\" What happened next wasnmostly a blur. Tony had rammed Mullets face into the blinking videonscreen. A few heads turned, but when they saw who it was theynquickly acted really interested in their own screens. \"Gary wasnhaving a pull…on the pull, if you get my meaning.\" \"Lets not be cute,nMullet.\" Tony threatened. \"Gary was having anwank, at her there, in the window, like. Liam saw the whole thingnand told Brick Top about it, and you know how he is about snitches.\" \"Satisfied?\"nTony looked up at Danessa for the first time. She nodded and got upnfrom the nearby stool. \"Thanks.\" shensaid to Mullet and tossed a fiver at him. Tony followednDanessa back to the car, once again opened her door for her. \"You could'venjust asked me.\" he said once he had the car on the road. \"Everyonenknows the reason Brick Top had Gary disposed of.\" \"So, then why'dnyou go to the trouble of bashing in Mullet's face?\" \"Oh, That was justna bit of fun.\" --- They drove innsilence. She was going over it again in her head, her dad had kilednsomeone just for peeping at her. The bad part was she had actuallynliked Gary. Tony had drove hernto the pub. \"I think this is you.\" he said finally once they hadnarrived. She took out hernmoney clip. She handed him a few bills which he pocketed with annapproving nod. \"Thanks, I would invite you in for a drink, but…\" \"…but what?\" \"Well, my Dad…\"nshe was going to finish with a 'would probably strap you to thenpool table and bash your teeth in' , but then decided to finishnwith, \"…might make you a bit uneasy.\" \"I aint scared ofnyour daddy, Princess.\" She had to admit, it was probably thensexiest thing any man had said to her, ever. \"Right, then.\"nshe motioned for him to follow her in. \"You got somennerve coming in here, don't you, Tony?\" Phil said looking up fromnhis newspaper. \"Never mind what Ingot, besides I'm here with this one.\" Danessa came around fromnbehind him. \"Your dad's notngonna be pleased.\" Phil warned when he saw her. \"Let me worrynabout him. Just fix us a drink.\" she sighed. \"You got arms.\"nhe mumbled and went back to his paper. Tony laughed under hisnbreath. Danessa knew whennshe was beat, she went around the bar and poured Tony a drink. \"Itsnon the house, of course.\" she said when she handed it to him, Philnsnickered behind his paper. \"Let's get antable.\" Tony said and moved over to the corner.[Chapter 4] The deleted scenenbetween Errol and Bricktop on disc 2 is my fav scene and it didn'tneven make it into the movie lol (I suppose deleted scenes arencannon?) soo I integrated it into my fic. Soo ya I don't takencredit for those little snippets. Thanks for all the love this storynhas gotten so far! ------- She knew Phil wouldnbe on the phone to Errol or her dad as soon as they were out ofnearshot. \"I might need tonuse you again.\" she said once they had sat down in the far booth. \"I'm yours,nlove.\" he said, before downing half his pint. She had to controlnthe urge to giggle. She knew it was just a figure of speech, butnthe speed at which he had consented to her using him made hernhead spin a bit. Now that they sat opposite each other she noticednhow unconventionally handsome his features were. She didn't havenmuch time to consider them though as the back door to the barroomnopened up and a very upset looking Errol came out. She saw him scannthe room until his eyes lit on her. He heaved a deep breath and madena B line for them. Tony read the looknon her face and turned right in time to see Errol sideling up besidenthem. Tony only smirked and looked back into his beer. \"Ah good, I couldnuse another pint.\" Tony grinned at her. \"How is the service innthis place?\" \"Danessa, Thenguv'nor wants to see you.\" Errol said. but his eyes didn'tnleave Tony. \"I thought henmight.\" she sighed not knowing if it was a good idea to leave Errolnand Tony alone. Tony downed the restnof his drink and stood up. When he did he was just as tall as Errol.n \"Goody,\" Tony said more to Errol than her. \"I haven't seen Mr. Palford in a long time.\" She could tell he had to fightnthe urge to call him Brick Top instead. \"Tony…you don'tnhave to…\" She started to say.. 'get yourself killed tonimpress me.' but he cut her off before she finished her sentence. \"Nah, Danessa,nluv. It will be nice to catch up. Lead the way, Errol, unless youngot tables to bus?\" Tony said, a half smile on his lips. Errol only turnednand went back the way he had came in, Tony right behind him. nDanessa followed and hoped to God this wasn't going to end as badnas she expected it to. Her fears weren't settled when they enterednthe next room and about 4 more guys were waiting in there for them. Halfway in, Errolnturned on Tony. \"You know that was my cousin, Laurie, younstabbed?\" he asked. Danessa made to saynsomething to stop this. Where did Errol get off interrogating hernguest, but Tony rose a hand to silence her. \"Yeah, I know Instabbed a man called Laurie.\" Tony said after he sized up the factnhe was surrounded and outnumbered. \"…but no I didn't know henwas related to a brainless tub of shit.\" \"Shut that door,nSean.\" Errol ordered a man behind them. \"No, Lock the fucking door, Sean.\" Tony called over his shoulder. He strodenthe few paces up to Errol and pointed his finger at him. \"You'rena big man Errol, but I don't care if you're ten foot fuckingntall. You got eight pints of blood, bleed like any bastard. And whennI drop you…and I will drop you, I'll open you up like a packet ofncrisps.\" his hand went menacingly up Errol's front. \"You'rena bully, Errol, but remember I can be a bigger bully.\" Danessa'snjaw dropped. Errol looked murderous. There were a few tense momentsnwhen no one said anything. They were finally sparred the horriblensilence by the door behind Errol sliding open and Sebastian stickingnhis head thru. \"I don't want toninterrupt you, Errol, but the guv'nor wants to see them.\" As Errol moved outnof the way for Tony and her to pass through, Danessa realized justnhow well-trained Errol was. He wanted Tony dead, that was more thannapparent by the look on his face, but he still obeyed her father,nunquestioningly. As they moved into the next room the other fournguys went their own way. As they entered her father's office, itnwas just Errol, Danessa, and Tony. She wondered briefly where Johnnhad gotten to and hoped she hadn't gotten him into too much troublenby taking off earlier with Tony. Her dad sat on the couch dressed innhis nice black slacks and a red shirt unbuttoned half way down thenfront as per usual. She tried to read his face, but couldn't tellnexactly how mad he was. \"I got to say youngot some front coming round here, Tone.\" he started. Danessanwondered if it was a good sign her dad seemed to have a nickname fornhim. \"No disrespect.\"nTony pointed over at Danessa. \"I'm this one's guest.\" Brickntop's eyes went from Tony to her. \"Now, Errol here's going tonfix me a drink, and I'm going to let you two discuss what you gotnto discuss.\" Errol stiffened. Danessa bit her bottom lip. \"Never mind thensmall talk, eh Tone?\" Brick top grinned. \"Of course.\"nTony turned and left the office. Errol stood therenwaiting to hear Brick Top lay into Danessa, but was shoved on his waynby Brick Top telling him to \"mix Tony his drink.\" After they werenoutside the room remained quiet for a moment, before her dad startednto speak. \"Now, I don'tnexpect you knew Tony and the lads don't get along.\" he said. \"I've gottennthat impression.\" she looked out the office inner window to seenTony and Errol squared off on each other, obviously exchanging harshnwords. \"eh, Tony's angood guy, if a bit cocky.\" Brick Top shrugged. \"I called you innhere to see how the fight's coming. I heard about your littlenverdict to use Turkish's ref.\" \"Ah…\" Danessanbreathed a sign of relief and went to sit down beside her dad on hisncouch. If this was all this was about she was good to go. \"Turkishnis known for his fights being fair.\" \"Ya,\" Brick Topnagreed. \"That's all well and good, if we wanted a fair fight.\" Danessa's mindnraced for a few minutes and then it dawned on her…of course theyndidn't. \"Sorry, Dad…Ill talk to Turkish…tell him I messednup.\" \"Too late for thatnnow, luv.\" her dad shook his head. \"However, there are other waysnto skin a rabbit. If I know Turkish, he'll find a way to fucknhimself up before it's all over with.\" They wereninterrupted by Errol yelling from the next room. \"You're anfucking dead man, Tony! You hear me…a fucking dead man!\" \"What's going onnout there?\" Brick Top yelled. Errol burst in the room. \"He's pissed innmy fucking pocket!\" Errol yelled and began checking the damage onnhis pants. Danessa had to stifle a laugh behind her hand… god ,nthis man had some balls. \"Oh, shut upnErrol…get back in your fucking pram.\" Brick Top was gettingnannoyed with this literal pissing contest. \"Tony, ain'tnyou house trained?\" Through the window Tony shrugged one shoulder.n Errol left to go clean up. \"I think I'llnshow Tony out.\" Danessa ventured. \"Might be a goodnidea.\" Brick Top nodded. \"Uh, Dad…\"nDanessa stopped at the door. \"Where's John?\" \"Don't worrynabout him, luv. He'll be back later. I've got him on annerrand…nothing major.\" Brick Top threw in to put her mind atnease. Danessa smiled andnleft the office and waved Tony to follow her. They walked through thenbar and back outside to Tony's car. Danessa liked the way it feltnhaving him close by. She felt loads more 'protected' than whennher dad's goons were trailing her around. \"So, did your dadntell yah your not allowed to come out and play wif' old Tonynanymore?\" he asked once they were at his car. He had her back tonthe car and was inching closer. \"Not exactly.\"nshe grinned up at him, liking his close proximity. \"Good.\" he saidnquietly as his eyes looked down at her lips. \"I can't believenyou pissed on Errol.\" she gushed, she couldn't hold the 'coolnact' any longer. \"I don't put upnwith any of his shit.\" Tony shrugged. \"You'renamazing.\" she said before she realized what she'd said. Tonyngrinned slightly and leaned in, hands in his pockets, he kissed hernfull on the lips. She could taste the beer from before and thenslightly metallic ness of his golden plated bullet teeth on his softnmouth. From the door of thenbar, Errol stood watching----furious. --- Please Review![Chapter 5] new chapter. (I dontnown anything-still) Thanks to my reveiwers!!! ------------------------------------------------------------------ \"Are you freentomorrow?\" Danessa asked once Tony pulled away and she had regainednher composure. \"I need your help.\" \"Have to check myndiary…\" He wasn't sure what he wanted her to say, but back tonbusiness-as-usual wasn't exactly what he had in mind. \"…but Inthink I can squeeze you in.\" \"Good.\" shensmiled cautiously. \"Be at my flat around…eleven?\" \"Alright.\" hennodded slightly even though his face had a displeased expression,n\"I'll see ya then.\" He got in and drove off. Danessa stood forna moment, not wanting to go back inside. She was sure Errol wouldnhave a few things to say and she wasn't in the mood. She sighed heavilynand made her way back towards the pub. Two questions laid heavily onnher mind. Why had Tony kissed her ? -but more distressing- Whynhad she let him? She told herself it was just the rareness of it.n Most guys, knowing her dad's reputation, wouldn't dare to looknat her, let alone plant one on her gob. Tony wasn't most guys. nWhat worried her more was the fact that she liked him--and guys shenliked ended up like Gary. John was walking upnthe sidewalk from the opposite direction. Danessa stopped and staredna bit-thankful he hadn't seen her. It was good to see him afternworrying that maybe he had run into trouble on her account. Standingnin the half light, she could see his perfectly square jaw and hisnslightly thinning-on-top head. She was struck by how handsome he was,na distressing thought having just been kissed by Tony. \"John?\" shenwhispered at him, just as he reached to open the pub's side door. nHis face scrunched as he scanned the darkness before lighting on hernframe. \"'Nessa?\" henasked and let go of the door and walked toward her. \"What youndoing out here? You alright? Did that Tony do somfin'?\" \"No…nothing likenthat,\" Danessa shrugged. \"I just wasn't ready to go back insidenthat's all.\" \"Do you need me tontake you home?\" \"That would benlovely, thanks.\" \"Just let me go innand give this to the Guv'.\" He produced an envelope out of anninside pocket. She nodded and followed John back inside. She sat atnthe bar while John went to the back and had a discussion with herndad. She had a beer in front of her but she wasn't drinking it. nShe had things on her mind. \"He stabbed Laurienand you're out there playin' suck face wit him?\" A voice saidnbehind her…a little too loudly. \"Mind your ownnbusiness, Errol.\" she didn't bother turning around. \"This is mynbusiness. I meant what I said. He is a dead man.\" \"Are you surenabout that?\" she sat down her drink and spun around at him. \"I am. You justnbetter make sure you don't get in the way, luv.\" \"And you betternwatch who you're threatening.\" her eyes narrowed. Errol's starenfaltered. He put his hands up as though he'd had enough and walkednaway. She turned back around to her drink. She heard the phonenringing, but Phil made no move to answer it. \"Stop gatheringndust.\" she ordered. Phil either didn't like the look in her eyesnor he just wasn't in the mood to argue. He reached over and pickednup the receiver. \"It's for you.\"nPhil said as he slid the telephone at her. She picked it upncautiously. \"Hello? This is Danessa Palford.\" \"We need to have anlittle chat.\" It was Turkish. He didn't sound worried but shenknew that he wouldn't be calling, especially at this hour, unlessnthere was a problem. \"Turkish…whatnhave you done now…?\" \"Never mind that…Inneed to see you.\" \"Alright, when?\"nshe sighed. \"Week from nextnTuesday….When you think!?\" Ok, so it wasnurgent. He didn't have to get sarcastic . Danessa looked up. nJohn had just returned, thankfully without Errol. \"We'll benright over.\" John raised an eyebrow. ------- \"Lost?\" Danessansaid the word out loud hoping it would make more sense that way. Shenwas sitting in Turkish's arcade. She glanced over at John who onlynshook his head as though he was as confused as she was. \"Where donyou remember having him last?\" \"Very funny.\"nTurkish deadpanned. \"But don't get your panties in a twist.\"nhe added at the look on her face. \"We're gonna replace thenfighter so you'll still have a fight.\" \" A fight…not the fight we wanted.\" \"A fights anfight…\" shrugged Tommy. Danessa scowled. \"Who is thisnfighter you've got now?\" \"He's…\"nTurkish and Tommy exchanged dark looks. \"…new.\" \"Dad's not goingnto be happy about this.\" she warned. \"We were hopingnyou could help us out with that…\"Tommy said. \"You know…fornold times sake?\" Tommy ventured anweak grin and Turkish looked as though he'd just ate his ownnstomach. \"I'll see what Incan do…\" She went to the next room. John right behind her. Shenborrowed his cell phone and called her dad. She explained thensituation and to her surprise he actually sounded pleased. \"I told you thatnuseless shite would find a way of fucking himself over. You tell himnhis new man goes down in the fourth…and make sure henunderstands the consequences if he doesn't.\" Danessa repeated it.n \"He goes down in the fourth. Got it.\" John nodded. She flippednthe phone shut and went back into Turkish's office. She explainednthe deal with Turkish who didn't seem to like the idea. \"So, what if hendoesn't go down?\" Turkish asked, eyebrow cocked. \"Then you get tontake a more in-depth tour of our pig farm…you know, the one fromninside the pig's stomach.\" \"Jesus,\" Turkishnsighed. \"Just make surenthat doesn't happen then, eh fellas?\" John said and went back tonthe door and opened it for Danessa. She cast a last look at Turkishnand Tommy. They looked as though they just found out there was nonsuch thing as Father Christmas. She felt a twinge of guilt. She and John steppednout onto the cold night street. Danessa shivered in spite ofnherself-she hated having to lean on Turkish. Its not like this wasnher dream job. \"Cold?\" Johnnasked. \"A little.\" shennodded as they waited for a car to pass so they could cross thenstreet. \" 'Ere.\" Johnntook off his black leather coat, revealing a dark green polonunderneath, and draped it around her shoulders. She smiledngratefully. It smelled like him-a strange mixture of his cologne, thensweaty smell of her father's boxing club, and faintly, the dognkennel. \"Come on then, lets get you home.\" They made it to thencar and got inside. \"I don't muchnlike threatening people.\" she said, absentmindedly playing with thendoor handle. \"You're annatural though.\" he turned the key. The car slid out onto thenstreet. \"I had goodncoaches.\" she cast him a sideward glance. Why was she openingnup to him? She generally disliked the guy. He was a brick wall. Henhardly spoke, just towered over her dad or her when he had to. Shenlooked over at him, he looked…hard and unfazed. Had she reallynbeen that worried about him? She told herself that must be thenreason. \"I'm, um, sorry about earlier-taking off with Tony. Inhope Dad wasn't too cross.\" \"Made me clean thendog cages.\" John said, never taking his eyes off the road. She made a hissingnnoise. \"I owe you one.\" \"S'alright.\" nhe shrugged. \"He could've had me cleaning at the pig farm.\" \"Still. It was anshitty thing to do.\" \"Errol was morenheated than the Guv was.\" \"He hates Tony.\" \"I think he quitenfancies you.\" \"He fancie snmy dad.\" John pulled a facenand glanced over at her. She was amazed by just how square his jawnwas from this angle, and that cute little dip under his chin. \"I mean he fanciesnmy name-who my dad is.\" \"You could donworse.\" John tried to sound blasé about it but she couldntell he was a bit protective of his friend. \"I could donbetter.\" she leaned over at him. Her hand grazed his leg and shenfelt his tension in the amount of gas the car suddenly got. Shenshifted her weight in the seat and began to softly nibble on hisnneck, where his scent was the strongest. He tried to keep hisneyes focused on the road but her breath was sharp in his ear and hernlips soft against his throat, making their way up to his ear. \"Find someplace tonpark.\" she whispered lightly as her hand trailed down his shirtnfront. \"Nessa…\" hensounded wary and grasped her hand to keep it from going any furtherndown. \"…stop.\" \"C'mon John.\"nshe laid her head on his shoulder. \"Its not like I'm going tontell anyone.\" He pulled to the side of the road and turned to facenher. \"These things havena way of getting themselves known.\" He wasn't going to make anstupid mistake as much as he might've wanted to. He remembered Gary. \"I see,\" shensaid and pulled herself off of him with a hands off motion, \"You'renscared of my dad too.\" Now she remembered what she had seen innTony. \"I respect yourndad.\" From the look on her face he could tell she didn't thinknthere was much of a difference. \"Take me homenthen.\" she plopped back into her seat. John made to say somethingnelse but then decided better of it. He started the car and theyndrove to the flat without another word. ----------------------------------------------------------- Thanks fornreading..new chapter should be up soon. (famous last words...)[Chapter 6] --- She had taken hernmorning shower and dressed for the day. She made her way down thenstairs. Her dad was sitting in his arm chair, still in his nightnrobe and slippers, watching the news on the telly. John was dressednand at the table leafing through the morning paper. \"Morning.\" shensaid as she reached the bottom step. It was nearly 10:30 and shenmade a B-line for the window looking for Tony's car. \"Morning. \" Herndad said absentmindedly, still wrapped up in the days news. \"Getnus a cuppa tea, would you?\" \"Sure.\" she saidnand walked past the table to the kitchen. She was vaguely wonderingnwhere her mom was, but then dismissed the thought. It wasn'tnunusual for her mum to sleep in after one of her binges. \"Mornin',nNessa.\" John said as she walked past him. He didn't even look upnfrom his paper but it still made Danessa stop. \"Sleep well?\" Thisntime he did look up, his dark eyes staring into hers. Sure, itnwasn't like he was declaring his undying love for her, but comingnfrom the man who never spoke, it was a lot. \"Yeah…fine.\"nShe said quickly and walked into the kitchen. The kettle had alreadynbeen heated up so the cup of tea took about two seconds to make. Shentook it to her dad but not before making another quick look out thenwindow. Tony's car had just pulled up and was parking. \"My rides here.\"nshe said as she flipped the blinds back up. She handed her dad hisntea, kissed his cheek and grabbed her jacket. \"And where are youngoing?\" Brick Top asked, suddenly skeptical. \"Out,\" shengrinned. \"…with Tony.\" She added at the look on her father'snface. Her eyes scanned John who had came out of the dining room andnwas now standing in the corner behind her dad. The man of steelnhadn't even batted an eyelash at the mention of Tony's name, butnone of his huge hands came up and scratched the side of hisnneck…exactly where she had kissed him the night before. \"Don't forgetnthe fight's tonight.\" Brick Top sounded like he was talking tonone of his lackeys for a moment. \"If Tone wants to hang about fornthe fight and make his presence known at our table. Tell him I saidnwe'd sort him out.\" \"Thanks, Dad.\"nShe grinned-It was almost like he was welcoming Tony into the family.nThen, she thought about it for a moment. Errol and Tony at the samentable? The Bomber and Turkish's new guy wouldn't be thenonly fight of the night. \"Errol wont be pleased.\" \"Let me deal withnErrol.\" Brick Top frowned, she realized she had crossed a line…shenhad questioned her dad's logic. \"Now, get out of here.\" \"Yes, Dad…Thanksnagain!\" she kissed him again on the cheek and ran out to meet Tonynwho was parked on the curb, standing beside his car. -- \"Nessa.\" Tonynsaid as she walked up to him. \"Tony.\" shenanswered. \"What's on thenagenda today then?\" he asked opening the door. \"Today, Tony. Younteach me how to drive.\" ---- This was a bad idea.n Tony was sure of all ideas this was the worst. What did she think henwas-a driving instructor? \"A girl like youndoesn't need to know this. There's plenty of blokes willing tondrive you, me included.\" They had managed to find an emptynparking lot. Tony stood out side his car. She was standing in frontnof him, her arms crossed. He stood between her and the driversnside-key in hand, not yet willing to hand them over. \"We've been overnthis, Tony. I need to know this if I'm ever going to be my ownnwoman.\" \"Don't they havenschools for this sort of thing?\" \"Yea, I'm surenthey do-but between waitressing, managing a boxer, and running aroundntown with you all day-you'll believe me that I don't have thentime for that. Not to mention the fact its something my dad doesn'tnwant me learning-\" \"All the morenreason not to teach ya.\" Tony nodded. She put on her bestndisappointed face. \"I was hoping you would get it. Nevermind then,njust take me home.\" She began to walk around the car. \"Hold up.\" Tonynstopped her before she made it to the boot. He tossed the keys atnher and opened the drivers side door. \"Better not hurt my car.\"nHe warned as she got in. ---- Tony had to admit-nhe was impressed. She had picked it up rather quicker than henwould've imagined. When he was confident they had done enoughnrevolutions around the parking lot they traded spots again. \"Thanks again,nTony.\" She said once in the passenger seat. Tony had never seennher so happy. \"When's our next lesson?\" \"Yeah, well…let'snnot go making a habit out of it.\" He said as he started the engine. Nessa didn'tnargue. \"Your fightsntonight.\" Tony said as they pulled out. \"Yeah.\" Shenanswered. \"You going to be there?\" \"Couldn't missnyour fight, could I?\" He grinned a gold plated grin at her. \"Dad wants you tonsit at our table.\" \"Does he now?\"nTony's large eyebrows raised. His mouth formed a 'fair-enough'nfrown. \"Said he'd sortnyou out an' all.\" She smiled. \"Personally, I just wanna seenthe look on Errol's face.\" r/r please![Chapter 7] New Chapter! Thanksnto Nicola! A really cool girl who messaged me and had me take anothernlook at this fic (since its been on hiatus for awhile now) --- The look on Errol'snface was something to behold as they sat ringside. Tony was obviouslynloving it. It was like killing two birds with one stone. He wasnannoying Errol and sitting with one of the most made men in town atnthe same time. Life was good. Danessa stood a bitncloser to the ring with The Bomber. She was whispering words in hisnear-which amounted to not much more than general support and remembernnot to do too much damage till the fourth round. She needn't havenbothered though because the first punch Mickey, Turkish's scrawnynlooking fighter, threw KO'ed the Bomber. Turkish and Danessanlocked eyes across the ring. It was hard to tell who looked morenupset. Mickey shrugged in her general direction. Briefly, shenwondered if she could kill him herself were she to jump in the ringnwith him-certainly someone would put money on her. Slowly she realizednthe whole place had gone insane, people behind her were throwingnthings and shouting. They had come to see a fight, not a guy throw ansingle punch-and they were angry. Not to mention that a few of themnhad been tipped off on how the fight was supposed to go down and lessnthan pleased at the outcome. Danessa looked back to where Turkish hadnbeen-he, Tommy and Mickey were now completely out of sight. Smart boys .nShe thought to herself wishing she could do the same. Her fathernwouldn't let her off that easily though, even if this hadn't beennher fault. She jumped down off the ring and tried her best to dodgenthe people who were brawling around her. She made her way to hernfathers table. They had gone as well-no doubt off to find Turkish-,nbut Tony was there. \"We need to getnyou out of here, love.\" He said as one of his large hands wrappednaround her shoulder. \"The place is going nuts.\" \"I need to find myndad…he's not going to be…\" She was cut off as a large chairnflew into her face. Her nose started to bleed. \"This is why therenshouldn't be girl managers!\" The guy who threw the chair yellednat her. Tony saw red. Henlunged at the guy and began pummeling him relentlessly. Danessa stoodnthere watching it, holding her now forgotten nose. She began to walkntoward him to pull him off the guy when Errol grabbed her from behindnand began pulling her toward the exit a little too roughly. \"Tony!\" shenyelled as she was being led away. Tony looked up fromnthe mess to see her being led away by Errol. He started off after hernagain but was held up by more fighting. --- Danessa was led tonher fathers car which was parked outside. She was shoved in the backnseat near her dad as Errol too the front passenger seat next to John. \"We left Tony innthere.\" Danessa said to her father. \"Tony's a bignboy, love. He can handle himself.\" Brick Top silenced her with anwave of his hand. \"Now, you mind explaining to me what happened innthere?\" \"I wish I knew.\"nDanessa sighed. She was still worried about Tony but she knew hernfather had dismissed him as a topic and now was far more concernednabout what had happened at the fight. \"Are you surenTurkish knew when his man was supposed to go down.\" Brick Top aimedna finger at her. \"Yes, Dad. I'mnsure. I don't see how he could mistake 'Your man goes down in thenfourth' for 'My man goes down in one punch.'\" She replied. \"She's right,nguv.\" John spoke up from the drivers seat. \"She told Turkishnright.\" Danessa was stunned. She had barely ever heard John saynfive words and he had just spoken up for her. It was kind of cutenreally. \"I figured thisnwas Turkish's fuck up.\" Brick Top nodded. \"We'll have to seenhe makes amends.\" Errol nodded from the front seat. \"Dad---I cannhandle Turkish, let me go by…\" \"I hate to donthis, Nessa.\" Brick Top began. \"But, I'm pulling you out ofnthis now.\" \"What?!\" Shencouldn't believe this. This hadn't been her fault. She hadnstarted to enjoy the freedom she was allowed by managing ThenBomber-and wasn't ready to give it up yet. \"Dad, I…\" \"Something'snhappened, Nessa.\" Brick Top continued. She looked over and saw Johnnshift in his seat uncomfortably as he was driving. \"What is it?\" Brick Top sighed anbit before continuing. \"Its your mother. Well, I'm sure you know,nshe's not been well lately.\" Not been well?nShe's been drunk as long as I can remember , but I suppose 'notnbeen well' is as good a way to put it as any. Danessa thoughtnto herself. \"She's dead,nNessa.\" He finished. \"Dead…?\"nDanessa echoed. It not quite sinking in. \"I've made thenarrangements for the funeral. You wont have to worry about anything,nlove.\" \"Thanks, Dad.\"nDanessa said somewhat distantly. She wasn't sure what she wasnfeeling right now. She knew she was supposed to be feeling something,nbut it wasn't coming. She was still concerned about leaving Tonynbehind, but now with this added bombshell she couldn't really focusnon either thing. \"Can we go home-I need to…\" \"Headed there now,nlove.\" Brick Top interrupted her. \"I have someone there to benwith you while I take care of present business.\" Danessa knew he wasntalking about Turkish. She nodded and wondered who Brick Top had atnhome to baby sit her this time. ---- \"Nessa!\" It wasnher cousin Nikki. Nikki ran to her andnhugged her as she stepped foot in the door-Brick Top already pullingnaway with John and Errol. Nikki was a bit nyounger than Danessa, but not by much. Their dads were brothers, butndidn't get along, so the two cousins rarely saw much of each other.nNeither was exactly sure why their fathers had the falling out, butnthey assumed it was over business. --Annnd that'snthis chapter. There's some interesting things coming up with thisnstory-and not just the addition of a new love interest for Turkishnhehe Please review~! nAgain Thanks to Nicola![Chapter 8] -- \"Are you ok?\"nNikki asked as she pulled away from Danessa. Nessa stood therenstaring back-not quite sure how to answer-She had lost her boxingnmatch and she just found out her mother was dead-everything had comencrashing down around her. \"You're coverednin blood….\" Nikki finished. Danessa suddenly remembered hernincident with the chair. \"Oh, no, I'mnfine.\" She rubbed her nose trying to wipe away the now dry blood. \"Come on. Lets getnyou cleaned up.\" Nikki pulled her to the kitchen and searched a fewndrawers until she found the dishtowels. She wetted one under thenfaucet and began wiping her cousins face with it. \"How did you getnhere?\" Danessa asked finally. \"My dad dropped menoff.\" \"Wouldn't comenin?\" Nessa asked -referring to their fathers long standing feud. \"Well, you knownDad-\" Nikki began. \"He doesn't want to give in his grudge tooneasily. But, I think things might be looking up. He was surprisednwhen Uncle B called us with the news. We're going to the funeralnand everything so, maybe they will make up.\" \"Kneecap' andn'Brick Top' together again… wouldn't that be something tonbehold. The city would implode in on itself.\" Danessa deadpannednas she took the rag from her cousin. \"Sorry about yournmum.\" Nikki said ignoring Danessa's comment. \"Ya-s'fine.\"nNessa shook her head, but didn't elaborate. To be honest it hadn'tnexactly sunk in, and its not as though they were close. \"I know how hardnthis is…You shouldn't bottle it up. It is ok to cry. When my momndied, I…\" \"I'm notnbottling anything.\" Danessa said a little too forcefully. \"Injust have a lot on my mind. I don't mean to snap at you.\" Shenadded at Nikki's expression. \"It's alright.nAnger is a stage of grief.\" She added helpfully. Danessa checked hernappearance in the nearby mirror. She had looked better, but at leastnthe blood was now gone. \"I hate to run outnon you, Nikki-but I need to go find someone.\" She threw the towelnback in the sink, and made her way back to the door. \"You should stay.nYour dad was pretty adamant about me watching you tonight.\" Nikkinsaid, tossing her brown curls back but not making a move to stopnDanessa from grabbing her coat. \"Well, you'renwelcome to come with me, but I'm not staying here.\" Danessanopened the door. \"I have to find…\" She turned and there henwas. \"…Tony.\" \"Thought I mightnfind you here.\" Tony said as he peered past Danessa into the livingnroom-making sure the place was somewhat safe. His face looked asnthough he hadn't managed to escape the fight unscathed. \"Tony!\" Danessangrabbed him into a hug. He didn't push her away but didn'tnexactly hug back either. His eyes scanned the street. \"I wasnworried about you.\" She said into his chest. She wanted him to makeneverything ok again-or at least make her forget this day from hell. \"That's nice,nlove. Can we go inside now?\" He was surprised at the bear hug henwas getting, but still more concerned about the street. \"After thenfight tonight, there's no telling what crazies may be out lookingnfor us.\" Danessa let go andntook a step back, letting Tony into the house. As she closed thendoor behind him, she caught the look on Nikki's face. She was staring atnTony as if he were from another planet. Danessa followed her gaze,nTony's face had become normal-almost comforting- to her, but shensupposed between the bullet teeth, bullet scars and now thenbruises-he was a bit of a sight. \"Tony, this is myncousin, Nikki.\" Danessa introduced them to each other but she stillnhad a hold of Tony's arm. \"Alright.\" Tonynsaid, but seemed more concerned with the death grip Danessa had onnhis arm. \"Are you alright?\"nNikki asked him. \"Did someone mistake your face for a shootingnrange?\" \"I get that anlot.\" Tony smiled wide showing off his teeth. \"What's thenmatter with you, then?\" He asked, looking down at Danessa. \"I amnflattered, but I know you weren't that worried about me.\" \"Her mum died. Shenjust found out.\" Nikki answered for her. Tony looked from Nikkinback to Danessa. \"Oh, hey.\" Tonynbent down a bit to get eye level with Danessa. \"You ok?\" \"I'm fine.\"nShe said. She really just wanted to throw herself back in Tony'snarms and forget everything, but she couldn't do that. She had to bentough, as her dad had taught her. Tony's gaze seemed to falter anbit, wondering whether or not he should call her on her bullshit. \"I need to takencontrol of this situation, and show my Dad I can handle this kind ofnthing.\" Danessa said. Nikki looked confused, Tony knew she wasntalking about the boxing match again. \"I need to find Turkish.\" \"If he's stillnin town. I wouldn't be if I were in his shoes.\" Tony shrugged. \"Maybe I cannsalvage some of this if I find him before Dad does.\" \"You need to justnrelax and take a hot bath, Nessa.\" Nikki said speaking up. \"I'mnsure… Tony can take care of whatever needs done on yournbehalf.\" \"No I made thisnmess, I need to sort it all out.\" Danessa took a deep breath andnlet go of Tony. She had to believe what she was saying or her plansnwould crumble in on her like a house of cards. \"You look like younneed to get yourself looked at though, Tony-your eye is swelling anbit.\" She said. \"I've taken sixnbullets in one sitting, love. I think I can handle a black eye.\" Henscoffed. \"Now, lets go find this Turkish fella-If it will make younfeel better.\" Tony and Danessanbegan to take off, but Nikki grabbed her jacket. \"I'm comingnwith you. I'm not going to be here alone when Uncle B getsnback-besides there's strength in numbers.\" \"Suit yourself.\"nTony shrugged and they headed out the door. ---- r/r! (again thanksnNicola-This wouldn't be up so quickly without you riding myncoat-tails!)[Chapter 9] ---Heyy! newnChapter! Just wanted to take this moment to let everyone know thatntoday is this fic's third birthday! lol I first posted this on apriln17th 2006-so I thought that was kinda funny that Im working on itnstill three years later. :) --anyway my friend Nicola helped menwrite this chapter so some writing credit goes to her! Many thanks tonyou Nicola!!! Enjoy. ------------------------------------ \"You? Ain't younlot cleaned me out enough for one night?\" Turkish asked as Danessanwalked in the door to his arcade. \"Shit. So, Dad'snbeen here already?\" Nessa asked as she stepped more into thenarcade. \"Yeah, and beforenyou ask I don't know what the hell happened out there.\" Turkishnscowled as Bullet Tooth Tony walked in behind her-Turkish had seennhim with Brick Top at the fight but had yet to figure out why thenhell he was involved in this mess. \"I know whatnhappened.\" Danessa began. \"You and your man made a laughing stocknof me and my fighter. You messed us all up good and proper thisntime.\" \"You think I don'tnfucking know that?\" Turkish glared. \"Oi,\" Tonynwarned-his eyebrow furrowing. \"Watch it.\" \"Will that be all,nthen?\" Turkish asked-the door opened again and Nikki entered. Shenstepped out from behind Tony and looked around the room. Turkish'snbad mood seemed to lessen slightly. \"Nice arcade.\"nNikki said taking in the room. \"Ta.\" Turkishnanswered-not sure if she was being sarcastic or not. \"Cup of tea?\" \"Lovely, thanks.\"nNikki answered. Tony and Danessa exchanged glances. They hadn'tncome here for a tea party-but they followed Nikki and Turkish intonhis back room. The tea took littlentime to make as the kettle was already hot from before. Danessanwatched as Nikki scooped sugar into hers. Turkish and her werenstanding in the small kitchenette area of Turkish's office. Danessanand Tony were standing more near the exit. As Danessa sipped her teanshe thought briefly about her how her mother used to put milk andnsugar in hers and always complained about how Danessa would drink itnplain. \"So, why is a nicengirl like you running around with the likes of them?\" Turkish askednNikki after a few sips of tea. \"Nessa's myncousin.\" Nikki explained. \"Must say I don'tnsee the family resemblance.\" Turkish scowled over at Danessa. Shenwas no where near as fit as Nikki. \"I suppose we bothntake after our mothers.\" Nikki shrugged. \"So, you'renBrick Tops niece?\" Turkish stated more than asked. \"Yeah, itsna little hard being a loan sharks daughter and a kingpin's niece.nSometimes it gets a little lonely.\" Nikki admitted. \"I knownyou've only just met me, but if you ever want to talk to someone ornjust hang around, I'm always here\" Turkish offered. Nikki giggled anbit. \"Thanks Turkish. You're not as bad as my uncle said younwere.\" Nikki's phonensuddenly began to vibrate in her pocket. She pulled it out. \"Er, Speaking ofnUncle B.\" She said. All heads in the room turned to face her as shenflicked it open. \"Er, Ya-sorrynUncle. She insisted on leaving and---\" Nikki was cut offnand there was tense silence before she continued. \"She's here withnme. Yea, We'll be there shortly.\" Nikki shut the phone andnsighed over at Danessa who nodded. \"We need to go.\"nShe stood. \"Thanks for thentea.\" Nikki grinned at Turkish as she sat the cup down on thencounter. \"Anytime.\" hengrinned back-and showed them back out to the front. -- Tony had droppednthem off outside Brick Top's place and left. Danessa and Nikkinenetered to find both their fathers speaking lowly in the kitchen.nDanessa briefly wondered where Errol and John were. \"There you twonare!\" Brick Top said loudly at the door being opened. He didn'tnlook happy, but Danessa thought it had much more to do with her UnclenMark the 'Kneecap\" in the room than her being gone. Nikki went to herndad and hugged him. \"Good news,nDanessa.\" Mark began. \"Your dad and I have been talking. We'vendecided to let bygones be bygones. This feud business is doingnneither of us much good.\" \"That's great,nDad!\" Nikki hugged her father again-happy at the fact she could nownspend more time with Danessa-which would also mean more time withnthat Turkish fellow. \"Yeah, that'sngreat.\" She agreed but with less enthusiasm than Nikki had. Danessa didn'tnwant to be rude-but she mostly just wanted this day to be over with.nShe was glad her father and uncle were making steps towardnreconciliation, but it seemed as though they were completely lookingnover the reason they were even speaking at all-her mother's death. \"I think I'mngoing to call it a night.\" She said more to her dad than thenothers. \"Good idea, love.\"nBrick Top agreed. \"We could all use some rest after today.\" She made her way upnthe stairs and passed a few of the rooms before she over heardnErrol's voice. She knew she couldnget into a lot of trouble listening into other peoplesnconversations-and normally she would've kept walking-but, she sworenshe'd just heard Errol mention her name. \"Still, she has anright to know what's happened to 'er mum.\" John said. Danessa leaned inncloser. What had happened to her mum? She assumed it was herndrinking and pill popping that had caught up with her-but was thatnnot the whole story? She remembered back to the last time she hadnseen her mum. Her dad had been beating her. Had he went too far? Didnhe have something to do with this? \"You'll stay outnof it, if you know what's good for you.\" Errol's voice repliednto John. It was a warning. \"What the Guv does is his business. Hencan handle it on his own-besides you really think she'll thank younfor your hand in all this?\" \"Suppose you'renright.\" John consented. \"I think you'llnfind that I am.\" Errol said. Danessa could hearnshuffling towards the door. She quickly backed away and turned thencorner before Errol came out. She heard his footsteps making theirnway down the stairs. She turned back around the corner and saw Johnnstill sitting in the room. John alone-and he knew something about hernmum she didn't. She planned on finding out what. \"What was thatnabout?\" she asked coming into the room. John looked up-he wasntrying hard to not give anything away in his face, but she could seenhis mind racing with 'how much had she heard.' \"Taken toneavesdropping, 'ave we?'' He asked, but she ignored him. \"What happened tonmy mum?\" She asked. \"I don't knownwhat you're talking about.\" He lied. Danessa smirked.n\"You're that scared of him?\" John stood-allowingnher to see just how tall he could be. He cocked his head to the sidenand squared his large shoulders. \"I'm not scared,nNessa, but I'm not a grass either.\" \"Right, better tonjust deny everything. Just like you denied your feelings for me innthe car the last night.\" \"And what aboutnTony?\" John asked. He had heard from Errol about the kiss-and sawnhow happy she had been when Tony had arrived to pick her upnearlier-and how she had just returned again with him. \"What about Tony?\"nShe asked suddenly mad he had brought him up. \"At least he has thenballs to stand up for what he wants-and not too chicken shit to makena move.\" John crossed thensmall room to her in two strides. He had her very nearly pinnednagainst the wall. \"Chicken shit, amnI?\" He was angry. \"You have no idea what I've done for you andnyour dad.\" He growled low close to her ear-one of his large fingersnpointing at her chest. \"Killed Gary andnLiam?\" She asked, her eye brow raised. Part of her thinking shenshould back down, but the other part was too much like her father tonswallow her pride. John's face changed at the mention of theirnnames. \"I know more than you think I do, John.\" John's facenchanged-he wasn't angry anymore. His brain had caught up to thenfact he was close to her. His face mere inches from hers. He lookedndown at her lips and remembered them on his neck the night before. Danessa could feelnthe heat from his breath, he was so close. She almost shut her eyesnin preparation for the kiss she expected to come. \"There's somenthings you're better off not knowing, Nessa.\" He said finally-andnin one swift move he was gone. ---- PleasenReview.-----![Chapter 10] Hey ! Anothernchapter. At the rate Im going this will be finished someday lol ---If you like thisnfic-theres another one I think you'll like. Its by The Real MistressnMalfoy - Its a Turkish/Oc You can find it here. n.net/s/4875188/1/Shes_definitely_got_the_minerals --Quick thanks tonNicola -for letting me bounce ideas off of you. ---also a quicknthank you to Raging Raven! for being such a loyal reviewer. I reallynappreciate your feedback! as always. Anyway on to thenfic. ---- \"Hey Nessa.\"nNikki said cheerfully coming up the hall. \"I'm going.\" \"See ya.\"nDanessa wiped at her eyes-- furious at John--- \"Hey -Younalright?\" Nikki asked coming in the room. \"You need me to stay?\" \"No-I…\"nDanessa's voice trailed off. \"Nikki, Do you think….?\" \"What?\" Nikkinasked coming in-expecting the question to be whether or not shenthought Danessa's mom had went to a better place. \"…Well, ournfather's aren't angels, are they? Do you think maybe he hadnsomething to do with this…with my mum.\" \"What?\" Nikki'sncaring tone had changed. \"No!\" \"How can I be surenthough?-I mean I just overheard Errol and John and they were talkingnabout somethin …\" \"Just shut up,nNessa. Ok?\" Danessa couldn'tnfigure out why Nikki was reacting so harshly to her theory. After allnit wasn't her mum who had just died. Suddenly, Danessanrealized what it was. She had hit a nerve. \"Nikki-Do younthink your dad may have killed your mum?\" \"Stop it. Justnstop it!\" Nikki's hands were closed into a fist. \"You don'tnknow what you're talking about.\" Nikki sprang fromnthe room and headed down the stairs, nearly bumping into Brick Top asnshe went down. Brick Top wasnstunned for a moment before heading back up. \"What's the matternwith her?\" He asked Danessa as he passed. \"Nothing.\"nDanessa answered lowly. Brick Top merely shrugged and walked on. -- Nikki had beennwalking alone on the city street for what felt like an hour. Shenhadn't really been paying attention to where she was headed. Shenonly knew she was getting away from Danessa-and away from what everninsanity she was speaking. Finally, as it started to rain, she lookednup. She had walked straight to Turkish's arcade. The lights werenstill on inside. He had told her ifnshe ever needed someone to talk to that he would be around-but shenwas sure he didn't think she would be taking him up on the offer sonquickly. She crossed thenstreet and tapped on the window. A guy peeked his head around thencorner. \"There's a girlnoutside, Turkish.\" He said. \"She looks lost.\" \"Well, let 'ernin, Tommy.\" Nikki heard Turkish's voice answer back. Tommy walked to thenfront of the arcade and unlocked the door. Nikki stepped in and shooknoff the bit of rain that had begun to gather on her jacket. \"Thanks.\" Shensaid. \"Not a problem.nCan I help you?\" Tommy asked. Turkish came around the corner fromnhis office. \"Nikki?\" Henasked, his voice sounding concerned. \"What's wrong?\" \"It's just…\"nher voice trailed off. What was she going to say? Danessa had upsetnher? No that made her sound 12. She looked over at Tommy-wishing henwould leave. Turkish's gazenfollowed hers to Tommy-catching her hint. He made a 'go away'nlook to Tommy who nodded. \"Right, Well, Ingotta get going. Ill see you bright and early tomorrow Turkish.\" \"Yeah.\" Turkishnreplied-still more concerned with Nikki. Tommy quicklynleft-knowing when he wasn't wanted. Turkish led Nikkinback to his office-where he sat her down and once again went to makenher tea. He turned around tonbring the hot cup to her, but found her already asleep in his chair. nTurkish just stood there for a moment-watching her breathing. He sighed, sat thentea cup down on the desk-took his jacket off and laid it over her. ---- The next morningnNikki walked up the steps to the church. It was Danessa's mum'snfuneral. Turkish had dropped her off on the sidewalk in a hurry to gonpick up Tommy and have a word with Mickey about another fight. Nikki stopped at thennext to top step. Danessa was sitting there. All of Nikki's angrynthoughts from the night before had vanished. \"What are youndoing out here?\" She asked. \"Just not ready tongo in yet.\" Danessa added. \"Come on. Ill comenin with ya.\" Nikki said helping Danessa to her feet. They walked into thenbuilding. It was pretty much empty. It was still early-but Nikkinimagined there would be more people than this. \"She didn't knownmany people.\" Danessa said as if reading her thoughts. The Vicar hadndisappeared into a back room leaving the two girls alone -with thenexception of John, who was standing up near the casket-as if he werenguarding it. \"I need to seenher.\" She said as she looked at the closed coffin. Why was it notnopen? \"And what's thatngoing to prove?\" Nikki asked-though they had made up, she stillndidn't like Danessa's theory anymore than she had before. \"I just need tonsee her.\" Danessa repeated. She began to move closer to the casket. John stepped innbetween her and the coffin-not letting her get any closer. \"Listen to yourncousin.\" He said, leaning down to look her in the eyes. \"Let thisngo.\" \"I have to know.\" \"What did I tellnyou? Some 'fings are better off not knowin'.\" \"She was mynmother, John.\" Danessa tried to walk forward again, but this timenJohn physically held her back. Wrapping his arms around her-his mouthnleaned into her ear. \"She's gone,nNessa. You cant bring 'er back.\" His tone was softer than normal.nShe breathed him in. She looked over his shoulder at the coffin andnsighed--about to give in. Maybe he did know best. Maybe she shouldntrust him…? \"If seeing her mumnwill make her feel better and get these crazy notions out of hernhead-Fine.\" Nikki said, as she walked briskly toward the coffin. \"Don't do it,nNikki.\" John tried to stop her but holding Danessa back kept himnfrom stopping the other girl as well. Nikki lifted up thenlid and nearly dropped it when she recoiled her hand away. Danessa felt hernlegs go out from beneath her. John had went from holding her backn---to holding her up. The coffin wasnempty. Her mind raced withnthe possibilities... Was her mothernreally dead? Where was the body? Could he have actually sent her mother to the pig farm? Suddenly it all cameninto focus. Of course he had. It wasn't like her father to leavenbodies around, was it? Why not do with her what he had done so manyntimes before to so many others. She looked down atnJohns hands holding her. Had they helped? Had they cut hernmother into the six pieces...? Had they shaved hernhead and pulled out her teeth? She turned, her eyesnlocked with his. His gaze broke away- He couldn't look her in theneyes. That was all the proof she needed. \"Let go of me.\"nShe said sternly-fighting back the tears. \"Nessa. Benreasonable.\" \"Don't touchnme!\" She yelled. John immediately letnher go. There were noises.nPeople coming in. It was her dad and uncle, followed by Errol and anfew others. Nikki quickly renshut the coffin and backed away. She grabbed Danessa by the arms andnpulled her back to the pews. \"Nessa!\" BricknTop called to her across the room. He walked briskly to her andnhugged her-she hugged him back. \"You alright, love?\" He asked asnhe looked at her swollen red face--mistaking it for grief instead ofnanger. \"I'll benalright, dad.\" She said-her voice surprisingly calm as she lookednpast him to John. \"I'll be alright.\" --- \"dun dun dunnn\"nAs Raging Raven would say, hehe. Keep up the reviews!nas I love them and I wanna get the most reveiws of any snatch fic onnhere . (I think the highest review count is 42 though soooo goodnluck! right? hehe)[Chapter 11] -- The funeral hadn'tnlasted long. Danessa had spent most of the time watching hernfather's reactions to the Vicars words-or lack of reaction to benmore precise. She sunk her headndown into her hands-to which her father mistook for grief over hernmother. His hand patted her back. It took all her willpower not tonpull away from his touch. After the funeralnsome men has shown up at the church-spoke briefly to Brick Top, whonthen apologized saying he had business to attend to-but left John andna car to drive Danessa and Nikki to the cemetery. \"Thanks, Dad.\"nDanessa smiled forcefully as she took the keys from her dad andnwatched him leave. \"I am so lostnright now.\" Nikki said coming up beside her. \"Where's hernbody?\" she leaned in and whispered. \"Get in the car,nNikki.\" Danessa said as she looked over her shoulder for John-whonhad just finished helping to carry the empty coffin to the hearse. nHe was walking toward them. Nikki followednDanessa's gaze to John, saw the keys in her hand and nodded- Shenwalked to the car and climbed in the backseat, but was confused whennDanessa got in the drivers seat. \"You know how tondrive? When did you learn that?\" she asked crawling over the frontnseats to the passenger seat. \"Lock your doors.\"nDanessa said as she started the car-John had came running up. \"Nessa!\" Johnntried to open the door, when he saw it wasn't working he startednpounding on the window-his pinkie ring tapping on the glass withnevery thud. \"Open the door, Nessa---You'll get yourself killed!\" He tried the handlenagain but again to no avail. Danessa's foot found the gas and thencar lurched a bit causing John to let go of the handle. Soon, she wasnon the road-farther away from that mock funeral. \"Where are wengoing?\" Nikki asked reluctantly. \"We're going tonget pissed.\" --- \"What's this,nTurkish?\" Tommy asked once they had gotten back in the jeep fromntalking to Mickey \"Shit.\" Turkishnlooked over at what Tommy was talking about and saw Nikki's bag.nShe must've forgotten it in his jeep earlier. \"Is it Nikki's?\"nTommy asked as he began to open it. \"Let it alone,nTommy.\" Turkish scolded. \"Well, I'll take it back to her at thenchurch-but if she's not there, I'm not going to Brick Tops tongive it back to her.\" --- John saw Turkishndrive up and made his way directly to him. Turkish saw himnapproaching and hesitantly rolled down his window. \"Alright, out thencar.\" John said. \"You what?\"nTurkish's eyes narrowed. \"Nessa's runnoff, innit she?-with the car.\" John said. \"I gotta go an' findnher.\" \"What about,nNikki?\" Turkish asked after thinking for a moment. \"She's gone asnwell.\" \"Get in-we'll gontogether.\" Turkish ---- Danessa was on hernsecond drink within seconds. Nikki sat beside her and was drinking asnwell-but far slower. \"Can I get anothernone of these?\" she yelled rather loudly-gathering a bit ofnattention from a few of the men in the bar. The bartender eyednher carefully-before refilling her glass. She flashed him an' fuck you' grin before downing it in one gulp. She slammednthe drink back down on the counter. \"Ness-you may wantnto slow down on those-remember you're the one who is driving.\" \"Fuck that car.\"nShe said ruefully. \"We'll leave it here. Let them have funnfinding it.\" \"Hey-\" A randomnguy approached them. \"My friend and I are sitting over there-wenwondered if maybe you two would like to join us?\" \"Um, I don'tnthink…\" Nikki began but Danessa cut her off. \"Yeah, alright.\"nShe was already climbing off her barstool. \"Ness?\" Nikkinbegan- \"Come on-They'llnpay for our drinks-and they aren't bad looking.\" Nessa shrugged. Nikki scrunched upnher eyes-but followed Danessa over to the booth. --- \"There it is.\"nJohn said as he spotted the car. \"Which buildingnyou think they're in?\" Turkish asked as he parked his jeep besidenit. \"The pub.\" --- -kindnof a setting up the next bit update...but I thought I would go aheadnand post what I had.[Chapter 12] Updated. pleasenreview.-thanks to reviewers and Nicola. :) --- Danessa was sittingnclose to the fatter one. He was talking about some football match andnshe was doing her best to act interested-as long as it kept the boozenflowing he could be talking about the economic troubles of Rwanda fornall she cared. Nikki's arms werenfolded beside her-she didn't care much for the company and her bodynlanguage was practically screaming it. Nessa took anothernlarge gulp. \"Slow down,nlove-You're not part fish, are you?\" the guy beside her joked. nNessa grinned a bit-but took another drink. The bell rang andnshe saw the last person she wanted to. It was John-followed bynTurkish. As John's eyesnscanned the pub, Danessa toyed with the idea of hiding under thentable-but she was far too drunk to do much of anything at the moment. He found her easilynand with a backward hand to Turkish they approached the table. Nikki turned-havingnfollowed Danessa's death stare. She jumped out of her seat.n\"Turkish!\" She said going over to him. \"I'm so glad to seenyou. I think she's gone a bit wrong.\" John glanced atnNikki sideways before turning his gaze to Danessa. \"Come on,nNessa-we're going.\" he said a bit forcefully. \"Is there anproblem?\" The guy she was sitting next to asked. He didn't wantnto fight a guy as large as John-but the alcohol had given him somenbravery and he was certain this Nessa girl was a sure thing andndidn't like some guy just showing up to cart her away. \"No, there aint nonfucking problem-so long as you keep your ass sat down.\" Johnnreplied quickly. \"Oi?\" His matenspoke up from where Nikki had been. \"You fuckin too.\"nJohn dismissed him. He turned his attention back to the girl. \"Comenon, Nessa.\" \"I aint going backnthere.\" She didn't look up at him-just back into her drink. \"Injust cant right now.\" \"Well, you aintnfucking staying here.\" John said, tired of her shit. He steppednforward and picked her up off the seat. The two men she hadnbeen sitting with started to get up-but thought better of it whennTurkish stepped in-letting them know he would step in if necessary. John had her to thendoor in all of two strides. Turkish and Nikki followed them outside. He got the keys fromnher and sat her in the passenger seat of Brick Tops car. \"You'll get hernhome, yeah?\" John said to Turkish-motioning to Nikki. Turkish did a doublentake, but nodded. \"Where you takin'nher, then?\" Nikki asked. \"Just tell BricknTop -she's with me and she's safe.\" John said as he walkednaround to the drivers side. Nikki nodded andnwatched as John climbed in and drove away with Danessa. \"Am I missingnsomething?\" Turkish asked once they were out of sight. \"I knownher mum died and all but…\" \"The coffin wasnempty.\" Nikki said quietly. \"She thinks Brick Top-\" she brokenoff-unable to actually finish the words. \"Jesus.\" Turkishnsighed. He knew Brick Top was a bastard but this was cold even fornhim. \"Lets get you home.\" He pulled Nikki to his jeep. -- The car was silent. Danessa didn'tnknow where he was taking her-but to be honest she didn't care, sonlong as it wasn't home-the boxing ring-the pub, or the pig farm. She watched himndriving-his large hands-the hands that she was so sure had helpedndispose of her mother. She looked away out the window-the booze hadnnumbed the pain somewhat- but not fully. She closed her eyesnand thought of Tony. The car stopped innfront of a crappy building. John got out and opened her door for her.nShe didn't move. \"Am I gonna havento carry you upstairs as well?\" he asked. She shook her headnand stood up reluctantly. The rush of blood to her head caused her tonfalter on her feet. John steadied her. \"Come on. Lets getnyou upstairs.\" he said softer into her ear as he led her up thenconcrete-into the building and up the stairs to a small flat. He unlocked the doornand stepped in. She was met with anrush of air that smelled like him and knew instantly where she was.nThis was John's flat. She looked aroundnthe one room flat. It was clearly a place he only came to shower andnsleep. There was little in the way of furnishings besides his bed, anweight bench and a small tv and radio in the corner with a fewnrecords lined up beside it. \"Make yourself atnhome.\" he said as he flicked on the bathroom light. He shut thenbathroom door behind him. \"Thanks.\" Shensaid and tentatively sat on the unmade bed. She rubbed her hand onnhis pillow allowing herself a little rush as she thought that'snwhere his head is when he sleeps. \"I don'tnentertain much.\" he said as he came back out. \"Its fine.\" Shensaid, recoiling her hand-as though he had caught her. He took one step tonthe record player and put on a record-it was turned down low-shenfigured because the walls in this place were probably thin asnpaper-not that anyone would complain to a man like John. The alcohol hadnstarted to wear off a little when he turned and looked at her- Henlooked tired and thoughtful. Not like the strong man who hadnpractically kidnapped her from the pub. He sank down besidenher on the bed-leaned forward on his knees-he rubbed a bit as hisntemples as though weighing his options carefully, before he spoke. \"I wanted to tellnyou.\" He said finally. \"Your mum, I wanted you to know whatnhappened…\" \"I know.\" shencut him off. \"I heard you with Errol. I know.\" \"I didn't likendoing it, Ness.\" He said unemotionally-looking straight forward.n\"But, its my job.\" \"I know.\" shenrepeated softly. She had wanted him to confess before, but now shendidn't. \"I want you.\" hensaid, finally turning and looking at her. \"I want you, and Illnfight for ya-- Tony, Brick top--whoever. I'll fight for ya.\" henrepeated. Danessa leaned inncloser. He made no move to pull away or get closer, but let her moveninto his neck where she kissed him again. His deepset eyes closed. -pleasenreview. (BTW Dave (john) was hot in the new Harry Potter movie!!!) ","Summary":" Brick Top's bar sat empty. Of course, it usually was empty, it served as little more than a front f"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Readjusting","Author":"TheWaffleKid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11995696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Virgil tried not to laugh when he saw Chester and Eugene because they looked so uncomfortable and afraid now that Zeke was sitting at their table. In the other time line, the three friends had grown used to sitting at this table after Chester and Eugene left it. Virgil had completely forgot that it used to be theirs in the beginning. They tried to say hi, but Zeke merely replied with a grunt and a careless glance, which they misinterpreted as a leave-me-alone glare. The pair was more than relieved when Virgil and Charlie finally showed up. \"H-Heeeyy guys!\" Chester said. \"Hey dude,\" Virgil talked to Zeke. \"Charlie and I were thinking about eating out at the bleachers today.\" \"Give me a sec...\" Zeke scanned the cafeteria and the lunch line. Virgil looked around with him. \"...Whooo are you lookin' for?\" The tall teen heaved a sigh and grabbed his lunch bag. \"I'll tell you later.\" \"Hey guys, we'll see you around,\" Virgil told the other two, who had grabbed their trays to join the trio. \"Oh...okay,\" Eugene said. It made Virgil feel guilty, but the truth was he really only wanted to talk to Zeke and Charlie. While the three made themselves comfortable in the bleachers, Virgil asked, \"So who WERE you waiting for?\" \"Jay.\" \"Is there a specific reason she didn't show up?\" \"She's not ready.\" Others would have taken Zeke's tone as a subtle threat, but Virgil now heard past that. He sounded sad...regretful. Virgil could kind of relate. He was getting closer to Stephanie back then, he even managed to kiss her! And all of it had been wiped away. The difference between the two boys was that one had to start over with a complete stranger. Virgil clapped Zeke's shoulder reassuringly. \"She will be.\" The three ate in silence as they stared at the spot out in the field...the spot where the black hole opened and closed. The events played like a movie in Virgil's mind. \"I can't believe we're alive.\" \"I can't believe it's over.\" Zeke said at the same time Virgil spoke. \"Aside from the black hole, I was actually having a lot of fun doing what we did.\" Virgil grinned. \"Even with the guards and the reporters.\" Zeke shrugged and returned the grin. \"Even then.\" \"It's a shame things turned out the way they did,\" Virgil said. \"If the risks weren't as big as we saw...maybe we could build it again.\" \"I would never ever build that machine again,\" Charlie suddenly said. \"You guys were losing your minds with it!\" Virgil laughed. \"Are you saying that because you lost control of it?\" Charlie looked flabbergasted. \"Wh-No!\" Virgil and Zeke shared a playful look. \"Got 'im.\" \"The consequences could be more drastic next time, that's why I've concluded it's safer to follow the teleportation route,\" Charlie said a little triumphantly. Zeke stopped eating altogether. \"Charlie, NO.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because it could turn out to be just as bad as time travel. Anything that involves warping, opening, reversing or closing a hole in the fabric of reality is bound to create trouble.\" \"But-\" \"And what does teleporting do? It opens holes in the fabric of reality. So NO, Charlie. No teleportation,\" Zeke concluded. \"You can have fun making other things,\" Virgil suggested timidly; although Zeke's attitude had improved considerably, he was still afraid to cross him when he argued. \"Like an invisibility machine. Or something that can make you fly.\" Charlie pouted. \"That isn't SCIENCE. That's...That's...vigilante business!\" \"Weren't we already doing that?\" Virgil said. \"We were and because of it, he ended up getting carried away with Jeanette,\" Zeke implied slyly, poking around in his chocolate pudding. Charlie's face turned red. \"Huh? What's this I hear?\" Virgil teased, raising an eyebrow at the short genius. \"N-Nothing!\" Zeke and Virgil laughed. \"Let's just say that Charlie forgot Jeanette made the first move beforehand,\" Zeke chuckled. Charlie's mouth dropped open and he tried to talk. Virgil and Zeke enjoy messing with him, but they knew when to stop. \"Well, whatever happened, let's be glad it was able to happen because we stopped the black hole.\" Virgil raised his milk carton. \"To second chances.\" His two friends tapped their cartons-Charlie more hastily than Zeke-and repeated after him. The bell rang and they picked up their trash. Virgil took in the happy, peaceful environment. People were laughing and going back to finish the school day, oblivious to the fact that they were living the day a second time. It made the blonde feel inspired. \"You know what? Let's celebrate. After all, we WERE almost stuck in the past.\" \"What did you have in mind, Virg?\" Zeke asked. \"A movie. And a celebratory meal at The Burger Hour.\" \"Just the three of us?\" Virgil snorted. \"Come on, dude. When have we EVER done anything without the Minutegirls?\" Zeke shrugged. \"Stephanie never officially became one.\" Virgil simply stared at the tall teen. Even though he didn't say anything, his intention to invite Stephanie along was transparent. He sighed. When did he become so predictable? Zeke chuckled and raised his shrug higher. \"Sorry dude, but it's the truth.\" \"Whatever man,\" Virgil grunted, upset that Zeke could read him so easily. The three dumped their trash and said goodbye before splitting up to go to class. Further ahead, Virg saw Stephanie buying a drink from the vending machine. Grinning, he picked up the pace to go talk to her. ... Zeke wondered if Jay would agree to go to the movies with the group and he broke out of his train of thought when he saw her climbing down the stairs. To him, she was perfect. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous, or had natural features of a beautiful queen. She was just an average girl who understood his sense of loneliness, who actually had common sense that helped her survive three years of absolutely no friendly contact. How she managed to have a huge stash of sarcasm hidden inside her made no sense, but she did. And it was fun to talk to her. Zeke thought back to all the conversations they had, all the times he made her laugh and he managed to see that pretty Vampire Smile. He missed that Jay and he wondered if he would be able to coax her out of the current state she was in, that depressed stage he knew all too well. Then a sudden thought stabbed him. He sounded like he was trying to change her to the way he wanted her. Up to that point, his thoughts had been, \"She's in her sweater stage, she's not the girl she was before, she's not ready, what if she never is?\" It disgusted Zeke when he realized his thoughts were about changing her instead of accepting her for who she was. If he truly liked her, he should be able to embrace all sides to her. He watched her maneuver so she wouldn't touch anyone at the base of the stairs, the busiest part. Her sense of style was so much different now than it was pre-black hole. She wore more feminine things before. They were still dark, but in good taste. Now she wore a black hoodie with rolled up sleeves. He remembered himself noticing her figure, her v-neck shirts, and he watched her walk to her next class. Did he initially pay attention to her because of her looks? Is that all he was attracted to? If she never became the date he left at the Homecoming dance... ...would he still like her? -XYZ- Hey y'all! I know it's been a while since the first part of the story and I apologize. I FINALLY worked up a storyline I was content with. ^-^ I originally wanted more Derek drama, but it would have interfered too much with the teleportation reveal. And other stuff... Anyway, I'm back and here's the sequel to \"If Things Went Differently.\" :)[Chapter 2] Zeke and Virgil leaned on the school statue to wait for Charlie to show up. The blonde talked about choosing what movie to watch and movie times and who was going to ride with who. Then he said he already invited Stephanie during lunch time. He nudged Zeke. \"What about you? Have you already talked to Jay?\" \"...No.\" Virgil straightened himself up. \"Why not?\" \"I was going to, right, I saw her at the stairs the cafeteria, but...I don't know, dude. I just worry that...I may not really like her for HER.\" Zeke had used more knife hands than he normally did. \"What makes you say that?\" \"I keep thinking about her changing instead of the chance that she may stay like that...and I don't know if I'd keep liking her then or not.\" Zeke shrugged. \"To me, if someone thinks like that, they never had intentions to be with the other to begin with.\" \"Well...\" Virgil tried to choose his words carefully. \"Have you considered that that may be Jay's 'true form?' Dang, I sound like I'm talking about a Dragon Ball Z character. But you have to remember that she was alone for three years. She moved away from everyone she knew, all her close friends and teachers. The way she is now is a result of being isolated with no reason to be...alive, if I'm making any sense. She still is that girl from the dance, she just needs a reason to break out of her shell again.\" Virgil paused to see if the tall teen had anything to say, but he was staring at the ground with a blank expression. Virgil shrugged. \"If all else fails, why not get to know this side of her too? Who knows, you might fall in love with her...from a different angle.\" Zeke chuckled under his breath and elbowed the blonde. \"Try to sound more manly when you're giving me these pep talks, okay? We sound like a pair of gossiping females.\" Charlie's loud arrival got their attention. \"So are we going to play video games today? If that's the case, I was wondering if you could drop me off at my house so I could work on something.\" Zeke stood straight and shouldered his bag. \"You guys go ahead, I'm going to find Jay.\" \"Have you talked to Jeannette about the movie?\" Virgil pointed at Charlie. The short genius turned red again and he looked down as he started to twirl a backpack strap. \"Uuhhhhh, nnnno?\" Zeke suddenly seemed more alarmed. \"Why not? No.\" He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. \"Forget I asked. But you still need to go talk to her.\" \"Why?!\" Charlie threw his arms wide. \"I don't want to talk to her! I don't want her to go even if I did ki...kiiiii-do what I did!\" \"Listen Charlie,\" Zeke slouched over him, \"I need you to invite her because Jay won't go unless she's there.\" Charlie's eyes were wide with fear. Just like Virgil, he had become close to the tall biker, but that didn't mean he was completely free of his occasional anger. \"Th-Then maybe YOU should go invite her!\" Virgil almost whistled in amazement. Charlie grew a lot of guts to say that, he would have never said something so bluntly to someone like Zeke. 'We really have changed a lot.' Virgil eased the two away from each other and addressed Charlie. \"Dude, you're more nervous than I thought, but for whatever reason it is, you have to set it aside. YOU'RE the one that made a move on Jeannette, she needs some sort of explanation.\" \"It's the least she deserves, nerd.\" Zeke occasionally called him that as a playfully harsh nickname. \"She's been going after you for a while, you kiss her and then avoid her? That's a dick move.\" \"Whoa!\" Zeke had the biggest swearing problem Virgil had ever seen in anyone. He had been cutting down lately, but a few words slipped here and there. \"There's no need for that language,\" Charlie scolded at the same time of Virgil's exclamation. He looked at the front doors of the school. \"...Fine. I'll go talk to her.\" Grinning a little, Zeke started towards the school. \"And I'll go find Jay.\" \"And I'll just...wait...out...here,\" Virgil sighed and leaned on the statue. ... Zeke was glad Jay was still at her locker. Deep down, he felt sad and nostalgic, but above that Virgil gave him the energy he needed. \"Hey there,\" he said. She looked at him in surprise. \"How did...How did you know where my locker was?\" Zeke shrugged. \"I just roamed the halls until I found you, but it doesn't matter. I need to talk to you.\" \"About?\" \"Why didn't you show up to eat lunch?\" She frowned slightly and tore her gaze away. \"Because...Because I don't KNOW anyone.\" \"Virgil-\" \"Yes, I do know Virgil because we were partnered up one time before, but that's all. He could have changed, for all I know.\" \"I'm pretty sure he hasn't.\" Zeke couldn't really say, but what with everything they went through-the time traveling, the black hole, whatever it was with Stephanie and Derek-Virgil was a stronger person. Zeke shrugged. \"Maybe he changed for the better, you'll never know until you actually spend time with him.\" Jay gave him a suspicious look and slammed her locker shut. \"Look...I don't know how you became confused, but I don't...there's nothing PERSONAL going on between Virgil and I.\" Zeke's eyes widened in alarm and he felt a tad bit embarrassed. \"I didn't mean like that, I just-\" He closed his eyes for a second to take a breather. \"Virgil is the only one you know of our little group. You also have Jeannette.\" Jay's eyes flashed when she heard her name. Maybe it was a no-go trying to get her to come closer to the group by using Virgil. But there was absolutely no reason why he shouldn't use Jeannette. \"Look, we're all going out to watch a movie at 5:30. You should go with us. Jeannette's going to, so if you need a ride you could go with her. Or...you could ask me.\" He regretted the last sentence the second he said it. Damn, damn, he pushed too much on her! \"Uhhh...which movie theater exactly?\" She was looking away from him now, concentrating really hard at an empty spot. \"The one at the mall. Oh, then we're going to The Burger Hour to eat.\" She furrowed her eyebrows worriedly. It bothered her, he could tell, he just wished he knew WHY. Maybe it was because it was always full of teens. He couldn't stand it much either before because of the exact same reason. \"The Burger Hour?\" \"Yeah. So do you want to come?\" \"I...I don't know. I'll think about it.\" The tall teen didn't know why he felt sad. Maybe it was because that was the same reply she gave him when he invited her to eat lunch with the guys. Or maybe it's because she hadn't looked at him in the eyes when she answered. \"...I need to go now. I'll see you around.\" He watched her walk away. How could he get to know this side of her when she was pushing him away? ... Charlie would have usually had a paragraph prepared and rehearsed. But this was so sudden, his brain was scrambling to figure out what to say. He kept flicking his hair out of his face and wiping his hands down his pants. He couldn't get out of doing it either; Zeke would most definitely hang him up from the statue and he didn't want that. What to say, what to say? He went around the corner and saw her slam her locker door shut. Immediately, he froze and turned around. 'I can't do this! I can't talk to her!' Then he remembered the kiss he gave her in the library. 'It's the least she deserves,' Zeke's voice reminded him. Charlie recalled every day she smiled at him, called him a ridiculous bird name, and helped out during his cooking classes. She was always there for him, even when he didn't want her. And HE had kissed HER. He did owe her an explanation. He turned right back around and forced himself to walk towards her. He didn't mind the two times they had kissed. It was sweet and it had taken his breath away because it was something he hadn't been prepared to receive in his LIFETIME. He never thought about girls and no girls ever thought about him. Only Jeannette. She saw him further ahead and to his surprise, she smiled and waved. \"Hi, hummingbird!\" Charlie caught himself looking at her smile and he fought down the urge of embarrassment. \"J-Jeannette. Uhhh...I need to talk to you.\" She licked her fingers and fixed his bangs. \"What about?\" \"About the...about the kiiiii...the kiiiiiii...about what happened in the library.\" \"Oh that? That's okay,\" she easily waved it away and hugged her colorful book bag tightly. \"I'm just so happy to finally have a boyfriend!\" \"A boy-boyfriend?\" Charlie's voice became a high pitched squeal. \"Yeah well at first I was like, really surprised when you just kissed me out in public like that, but then I really thought abo-\" It was all too much. Charlie closed his eyes with his fingers. \"Jeanette! Just slow down.\" \"What is it, pigeon?\" she bent down to meet his gaze. \"I...do like you, but I'm not ready to be your boyfriend yet,\" Charlie said quietly. He didn't like seeing her smile fading along with her happy expression. But it was the truth. \"Look Jeannette, I do like you. But instead of jumping into this so suddenly, can't we just...take this slowly and...see where it heads?\" Jeannette smiled slowly. It wasn't her usual wide, cheerful smile. It was a soft, reassuring one. She sounded like she wanted to cry when she spoke. \"Of course.\" The way she talked, it made Charlie wonder if the smile was meant for his sake or for her own. \"I've waited this long, haven't I?\" she added a little more triumphantly. \"And sometimes, to be able to get a glimpse of the rarest birdies, one has to wait an extra long time.\" Charlie let out an amazed chuckle. \"Right! Uh...The group is going to watch a movie at the mall later on at 5:30. Do you want to come along?\" This time, she nodded more profusely and with her usual smile. \"Absolutely parakeet!\" \"Great!\" Charlie clapped his hands awkwardly. Now that he dealt with what he needed to do, how should he excuse himself? \"Uhh, I need to-\" He jabbed behind him but he really couldn't form the words to say, 'I need to leave now.' \"Sure thing.\" Jeannette skipped up and gave him a peck on the cheek. \"I'll see you later tonight, cockatoo!\" Charlie watched her skip away with a ridiculous smile, his hand on his cheek. Things worked out...more than perfectly.[Chapter 3] It was Jay's first time going out ever. It was all a blur, the emotions of excitement, wonder and anxiousness. She felt like she wanted to throw up and she caught herself spacing out as she tried to process everything that was happening. The funny thing is that the only thing happening at the moment was a car ride. Once they got to the mall, the girls gave Mrs. Pachelewski a quick 'Thank you!' and got out of the car. Jay gazed at the massive building. \"...Wow! It's amazing.\" \"You really haven't been here before?\" Jeannette circled her arm around Jay's and led her to the entrance. \"No...we don't really...go out.\" It felt like she was sight seeing. Everything was colorful and lit up, like a video game. It was way different than the little plaza she and her parents occasionally went to go visit. She saw a ton of food places, little kiosks in the middle, clothing stores, toys, games, a...bungee cord? Jay stopped walking altogether. \"Wait...You can bungee jump in here?!\"Jeannette laughed. \"Yeah, the mall is two stories tall, they have room for it.\" Jay saw kids and pre-teens gathered around and her heart began to drop. Was it only for-? She saw the age requirement on the sign (12-18 years) and she smiled, letting out a relieved laugh. \"I can go on that! Jeannette, I can seriously go on that?\" \"Yes, but maybe a little later,\" Jeannette pulled on her arm. \"We've got to go meet everyone at the theaters.\" Jay's eyes were buzzing back and forth, watching the people, watching the stores, there was so much to look at! \"This is surreal!\" The girls soon made it to an aisle completely made of mirrors. It was incredible to see, but Jay avoided looking at her reflection; she wasn't ready to feel disappointed so early on a night like this. \"Hey everyone!\" Jeanette said when they made it out. They were in a swanky little eating area for the movie customers. Jay felt her throat close up. There were too many people she didn't know. And they were looking at her and Jeannette. Okay, maybe it wasn't A LOT a lot, but it felt like it. And she was already beginning to feel intimidated by the cute blonde that stood among the group. \"Jeannette! Jay! You made it!\" Virgil exclaimed. \"Hi Virgil,\" Jay said through a painfully forced smile. 'Forget the blonde girl. Forget the short kid. Forget...the handsome biker.' \"It's so good to see you again,\" Virgil said. \"Yeah same here. You look the same as you did before.\" \"You do too.\" He smiled briefly at her before gesturing to the blonde. \"Girls, I'd like you to meet my childhood friend Stephanie.\" \"Hi!\" Jeannette waved enthusiastically. Stephanie giggled. \"Hi, it's nice to meet you.\" Her kind tone eased Jay's nerves a little and she replied with a quiet, \"Hey.\" \"Aaand Jay, this is Charlie,\" Virgil pulled the short teen out in front. \"You've probably never met him before right?\" \"No.\" Charlie looked at Virgil in confusion and it made her feel hostile. Why would he react that way? Was there something wrong? Virgil gave Charlie a just-do-it glare and the short teen waved. \"Uh, nice to meet you Jade.\" That took her by surprise. Her glare softened. How did he know...? \"Uhh, hi.\" \"Aren't you on the cheerleading team?\" Jeannette talked to Stephanie. \"I see you around when I'm out ith my drama friends.\" 'A cheerleader?!' Jay froze. No wonder she was so perfect. People who participated in school groups looked the best. \"Well, yeah I am,\" Stephanie admitted. \"It's very fun but very dangerous as well. If you make one wrong move, you could end up with a broken leg...or worse.\" Jeannette hit it off with her very well. The two girls talked about cheerleading and acting while the group slowly walked to the concessions. \"You okay?\" Zeke suddenly appeared by Jay's side. \"Yeah.\" It was obviously a lie. She was overwhelmed and Zeke's attention wasn't making it any better. \"How are you liking it so far?\" She thought to the lights, the colors...the bungee cord. Involuntarily, she smiled. \"Pretty okay.\" Before they officially made it to the concessions, Virgil stopped them and told them what movie they were going to watch, handing each person a ticket. Jay's eyes went wide. \"Virgil I can't take it.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because I didn't pay for it. That's not fair for you!\" she panicked. \"Whoa, Jay, calm down,\" Virgil said. \"It's nothing, really.\" She pulled her wallet out and scrambled to pull out some money. \"Hey, hey,\" Zeke grabbed her hand and pulled it away from her wallet. \"We split the bill, forget about it.\" \"What?\" \"Just enjoy yourself and watch the movie.\" Zeke took the ticket from Virgil and put it in Jay's hand. \"It's not a big deal.\" She furrowed her eyebrows. \"Are you sure?\" \"Yeah.\" Zeke and Virgil said at the same time. \"...Okay.\" ... Jay couldn't concentrate on the movie very well. Zeke had taken a seat next to her and confiscated the arm rests. She kept her arms crossed to help ease the urge to hold his hand. He offered a few of his snacks and she politely rejected. When the movie ended, Virgil talked about going to The Burger Hour. A part of Jay felt sad because she really wanted to stay and explore the mall, but alas, she found herself in the parking lot ten minutes later with the others. \"I can take someone, if any of you are interested.\" Zeke put his helmet on. Jay glanced and saw that he had a second helmet secured on the rear end of his motorcycle. She wondered what it must be like to ride around on that thing. Fast and free. She wanted to volunteer so bad and not just because of the motorcycle. But she was too nervous. She looked at the bike, fighting to push through the knot in her throat. Zeke must have noticed her staring because he jabbed a thumb at his bike and said something. Even though the helmet muffled his voice, Jay knew it was an invitation to ride with him. She shook her head quickly. \"No thanks.\" Everyone else piled in Virgil's car. The only thing she could focus on was the sound of Zeke's motorcycle trailing behind them as they went to The Burger Hour. What must it feel like to ride, to hold him tightly, to rest her head on his shoulders? She shook her head. 'Knock it off. He doesn't see you like that, no point in being disappointed.' ... \"So Jay, how did you meet Virgil?\" Stephanie turned to Jay mid-bite. \"Uhh...\" To eat or not to eat? She lowered her hamburger. \"He and I had a class together as juniors. Our teacher made us do a project so we became partners.\" Stephanie laughed. \"Really? Was he pulling his own weight?\" What was this? She seemed so at ease, it surprised her how genuinely NICE she seemed. Jay grinned slightly. \"He did.\" \"What did you two have to do for this project?\" She smiled at how ridiculous it was about to sound. \"We had to make a radio station from the...'50s? '70s?\" \"Yeah, it was pretty fun!\" Virgil said. \"We were VJ Live, bringing you awesome jingles from the past.\" Zeke chuckled as if it was an inside joke. \"Remember the Pepsi one?\" Jay asked. \"But of course.\" Virgil cleared his throat. \"Do do do do, ba doodee do da da. Do do do do, ba doodee do dada. Pepsi cola, hits the spot.\" He pointed at Jay and she shook her head in embarrassment. \"No, I can't.\" Stephanie laughed and rubbed her back. \"Plleeeaaassee?\" \"Pepsi cola, hits the spot,\" Virgil repeated. Jay gave him a wide, embarrassed smile. Her cheeks felt warm but before she knew it, she heard herself sing along with him. \"Twelve whole ounces, that's a lot. Twice as much for a nickel too!\" Virgil made a popping sound with his mouth. \"Pepsi cola is the drink for you.\" \"Nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel,\" Jay could barely say it without chuckling in embarrassment, but Virgil joined her. \"Nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel.\" The table burst out in laughter and she buried her face in her hands, still laughing and smiling in complete shyness. \"That's catchy!\" Stephanie exclaimed and she looked at her. \"Will you sing it again so I can learn it?\" \"Me too!\" Jeanette added. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Zeke staring at her. Her smile wavered as she started to feel nervous. \"Uh, Virgil?\" \"Mm,\" he held up a finger and hurried to chew his mouthful of food. Then he pulled out his phone to look it up. \"Hang on Jay. I've got you.\" -XYZ- So here's this. I just wanted to let you guys know that I have actually been to a mall that has a little bungee cord inside of it, so I'm just using that experience here. And that Pepsi Cola jingle is actually true too. It's just so catchy! XD[Chapter 4] Stephanie told everyone her dad was picking her up and they all waited until she left to do anything. They cleaned their table while talking about who was riding with who. Zeke was thinking and he probably looked angry because Virgil elbowed him. \"You okay?\" Zeke glanced over at Jay. \"What do I do? I want to talk to her, but she shuts down whenever I try.\" \"I dunno,\" Virgil shrugged. \"Maybe you need to give her a push.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Don't give her the option to shut down.\" \"What?\" \"Virgil!\" Jeannette came with Charlie. \"I feel really bad asking last minute, but my mom called me and told me she had to run an errand so can I, pretty please, get a ride from you?\" \"Sure, no problem,\" Virgil smiled at her. Everyone went outside and they made a little group between Virgil's car and Zeke's motorcycle. 'Don't give her the option...' Zeke went to get his helmets and he took one over to Jay, sticking it directly in front of her. \"What the-?\" \"Come on. I'll give you a ride.\" She tentatively took the helmet and blinked a few times as if to wake up from a dream. \"Wait...what?\" \"Virgil's already giving the other two rides. If you don't want to ride with me, then leave the helmet on the rack.\" He put his helmet on and climbed on his bike. Damn...he was too rough. Would it scare her away and completely destroy any chance he had with her? Slowly, she put the helmet on. Zeke smiled at how big it looked for her. She got on his bike and lightly held onto his waist. ... Okay. He was guilty. He liked how she held firmly onto him when he turned the corners. He was tempted to speed up on purpose, but he didn't do it because he was taking directions from her. Aaaand it would've been just pathetic. He parked on the driveway and Jay got off, putting his helmet on the rack. When he started to do the same thing, she waved her two hands at him. \"Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?!\" He gave her a duh-what's-it-look-like-I'm-doing expression and gestured to her house with his helmet. \"I'm walking you up to your door.\" \"You don't need to.\" \"Well I am.\" He hung his helmet on one of the handles. She jumped in front of him and held her hand up firmly. \"Stop. I don't need you to walk me up to my door. It's literally RIGHT THERE.\" He shrugged. \"Well that's a shame isn't it?\" ...And he walked around her. \"Wait, wait!\" She pulled on his leather jacket to no avail. \"Zeke, seriously! It's fine.\" \"What? Sorry I can't hear you,\" he called over his shoulder. She came around to the front and tried to stop him. He felt so many exhilarating things the second her hands touched him, but he also felt amused. She was using all of her body weight to try to stop him, but it wasn't working. He laughed. \"You're so short.\" She stopped and glared up at him. \"I am NOT. I am 5'4 and a half.\" \"What's that half inch supposed to do?\" Zeke teased. She crossed her arms and pouted angrily. \"A lot of things.\" She looked like a kid who lost her toy and Zeke found it so funny, he laughed. \"Okay.\" She glared at him. \"Go back to your bike. I can walk myself up.\" \"Nope. You may as well indulge me. It'll be faster than if we argue about it.\" She sighed. \"...Fine.\" Zeke couldn't decide if he was making any progress or not. He didn't visit her house before, so...maybe it was? They reached her porch up in silence. \"There, we're here. You happy now?\" she gave him an attitude. It bothered him because he didn't do anything bad other than...forcefully walk up to her house. Since he did deserve it, he calmed his own attitude and shrugged. \"I dunno, are you? Did you have fun with everyone today?\" \"Yeah, it was pretty okay.\" \"Jay...\" Zeke didn't even know how to word what he wanted to say so he figured, why not wing it? \"They're all good people who want to be your friends. You have a chance to be with people instead of being on your own. Take it from someone who's been where you are right now. It feels so...great to finally find people who are worthwhile and who make every day worth waking up and seeing it through to the end. Don't push us away.\" She stayed quiet for so long, he thought she was ignoring him. \"...But why would they want to be friends with me? Why would anyone want to be friends with someone else?\" \"Why do we even live? What's the point of going through the motions of life if, in the end, we're all going to die?\" Zeke said. \"We may as well do things that gratify us before we're done, right? And we may as well find the few friends that make high school more bearable before it completely ends.\" He stepped off the porch to leave. \"You have a good night Jay.\" He felt like he chatted her ear off. Maybe she didn't listen to everything he said... \"Zeke.\" He was pretty surprised that she called out to him at all. When he turned, he was relieved to see that she seemed more at peace. \"Thanks for the ride.\" He grinned. \"Anytime.\" -XYZ- Maybe later on I will try to explain WHY she didn't want him to walk her up, but I'll do it now too. She didn't want her parents to think the wrong thing was going on (though I'm totally making it happen soon). *Shrug* Yes, yes, devious writer, I know. ;)[Chapter 5] After saying goodbye to his friends in the morning, Virgil was surprise attacked by Derek. Well, not \"attacked,\" just...suddenly cornered in an aggressive manner. \"What the hell were you doing yesterday with Stephanie, huh?\" \"Hey back off.\" Virgil pushed him away lightly. He had never been in-Well...yes he HAD been in a fight before. With Derek. And he was getting his ass handed to him so it was needless to say that Virgil was getting nervous. \"You and your group of morons need to stay away from her,\" Derek pointed menacingly at him, once again crossing the personal area line. \"Hey, watch it fake jockey,\" Virgil snapped, then he frowned. \"Wait...How did you know we were with Stephanie yesterday?\" Derek gave him an are-you-kidding-me? look. \"You went to THE BURGER HOUR and you really didn't think I'd find out?\" \"Uhhh...\" Yeah, that was a mistake on his part. \"Well it doesn't matter,\" Derek waved it away hastily. \"I won't have you ruining my reputation by hanging around where you don't belong.\" \"Are you even listening to yourself right now?\" Virgil scoffed. \"You don't even care about Steph! All you've ever been worried about is yourself, she deserves way more than to be with a coward like you.\" He regarded Derek in disgust. How could he have become THIS? After all the adventures they had together in their childhood...How could he be so mindless to worry about popularity? It saddened Virgil that Derek had fallen to the clutches of that fate. \"Why don't you just break it off and run to Jocelyn Lee already?\" Derek shoved him against a locker and hissed: \"You better watch your damn mouth, Virgil or it's gonna bring you a lot of pain.\" A small crowd had formed their dispute and Virgil got even more nervous. But he wasn't going to let Derek bully him ever again, not after finding out about what really happened in The Incident. \"If you want to beat me up, do it now so Steph can see you for what you really are,\" Virgil challenged. \"So what, you think if you run to her she'll choose you over me?\" \"Maybe not, but she'll finally know the truth about everything. About how YOU were responsible for what happened to me and Charlie in The Incident.\" Derek scowled at the mention of that day. \"She's not going to believe you.\" \"With all these people here, she'll know that THIS was real.\" Derek huffed angrily and glanced around, the doubt of fighting visible in his eyes. \"I'm going to catch you soon enough, loser, and I won't do it in front of these people.\" And with a final glare, he disappeared. ... \"Dude you look like you've seen a ghost. Are you okay?\" To be honest, Virgil was a little shaken up with his earlier encounter, even if it was short. He wondered how things would have gone if he said something different. He shook the thoughts out of his head. \"Derek...he was just being a donkey this morning.\" Zeke chuckled. \"An ass?\" \"You already know I refuse to swear so yes, that.\" \"What happened?\" \"He got all possessive about Stephanie. He found out we hung out with her yesterday and he was basically telling me to stay away from her.\" Zeke's expression was serious and dark. \"Did he get physical?\" \"Nothing as serious as before,\" Virgil referred to his previous fight with the quarterback. \"I'm going to tell you how I did then, stay alert. Avoid starting any fights, but this time if he gets starts one, you best fight back,\" Zeke said. \"I'm not a fighter, I'm a...\" Virgil struggled to find the word. \"Comedian.\" Zeke sighed and shook his head. ... After their Public Speaking class, the boys split up for lunch. Zeke went to get his bagged lunch and Virgil was heading over to the lunch line. Just before he made it, he saw Steph. \"Hey Virgil!\" she as cheerfully as usual. \"Hey Steph.\" \"I just wanted to say that that jingle has been stuck in my head all. Day. Long.\" Virgil laughed. \"Are you serious?\" \"Yeah, it was so hard to concentrate in my math class today. I blame you and Jay,\" she teased. He shrugged. \"Well, we did-\" \"Stephanie,\" Derek appeared out of nowhere. \"What are you doing here?\" Virgil mentally groaned. \"I was just chatting with Virgil before I went to buy a drink,\" Stephanie said. Derek chuckled, but to Virgil it seemed forced. He grabbed onto Stephanie's arm and he started to talk in a low tone. \"Steph, babe, I've told you countless times not to go ahead of me.\" \"Ow? Derek, that's too tight.\" \"I keep telling you that you're my girlfriend and that we have to stick together, I mean we both have reputations to uphold.\" \"Derek let go of my arm,\" Stephanie whispered urgently, boring her eyes into him. \"I don't know what to think now that you're suddenly hanging out with Virgil again because Steph, you know HE left US.\" Virgil acted on his pure urges at that point. He stepped in between the two and tore his arm away from Stephanie's. \"Didn't you hear her? You're hurting her.\" He got too cocky, he actually believed that Derek wouldn't do anything stupid in front of Steph. He didn't know how to react when he pushed him back and stalked towards him in an aggressive demeanor. \"Whoa, whoa!\" Stephanie came in between the two and stared at her boyfriend in shock. \"What are you doing?!\" \"I've had enough of your crap, Virgil. This ends here.\" Derek swung at him, but he missed considering Virgil jumped back and Steph was in between, who was accidentally hurt in the process. \"Ow!\" \"Hey, what the hell is going on?\" Zeke couldn't have had more perfect timing. He appeared from the crowd and stood by Virgil defensively, dropping his lunch bag on the group. Derek ignored him and grabbed onto Steph's arm again, scowling at Virgil while he spoke. \"We're leaving and for the last time, forget about Steph, forget about me, and forget that we were ever friends in the past.\" \"I refuse to be anywhere near you,\" Steph said angrily, trying to pull her arm free. \"Let go of me.\" Virgil surged forward and luckily for him Zeke jumped into action as well, grabbing the quarterback in a bear hug while Virgil separated him from Stephanie. He moved away with her as Zeke tossed Derek to the side. \"Stephanie! Steph! Are you okay?\" A crowd of girls swarmed Virgil to be by her side, but she stared intensely at Derek who scrambled to get to his feet. \"I don't care who you think you are, but you just made a huge mistake,\" Derek growled at Zeke. \"Oh, I'm so scared,\" Zeke said mockingly. \"You,\" Steph broke up their conversation. She glared at Derek and pointed accusingly at him. \"What's WRONG with you? You're picking fights and acting completely unreasonable for no reason.\" \"Steph, I alrea-\" \"No, Derek!\" she said sternly. \"NOTHING constitutes your behavior today.\" Derek stayed silent and he gave her a pleading look. \"I think we need to take a break,\" she continued quietly. \"Wait, babe!\" Derek reached to her, but she had retreated to her friends and they stopped him from getting to her. One held a hand up and jutted her hip out. \"Whoa, where do you think you're going?\" Derek looked around at the scene and when he saw the crowd of people-the mix of all the cliques in the cafeteria-he restrained himself from trying to talk and left. One of Stephanie's friends noticed Zeke and she gave him a flirty smile. \"Hey, thanks for standing up for her.\" The biker made a disgusted face at her. Virgil stood by awkwardly as Steph was swarmed by countless 'are-you-okays?' He wanted to check in with her, but he didn't want to interrupt the girly kumbaya so he scratched his head. Luckily for him, Stephanie reached out to him really fast and gave him a quick thanks before she was whisked away. Virgil and Zeke shared a look and they separated themselves from the crowd of people, heading over to the lunch line. \"Thanks man,\" Virgil told him. \"You're seriously always there whenever I need you for a fight and I'm grateful.\" Zeke shrugged. \"No need.\" Chester and Eugene had caught up with them in the line. \"Are you guys crazy?\" Eugene asked. \"No one messes with the populars.\" \"It's suicide!\" Chester added. \"But since they did fight for another popular, maybe they'll become popular too?\" Eugene said. Zeke scowled at them; these two got on his nerves without them even trying. They settled too much with the unspoken high school system. He bent down and snatched his lunch bag. \"I'll see you at the table, Virg.\" -XY- If it seems forced, I apologize. But I'm leaving it. :|[Chapter 6] Fear kept Jay from going to the cafeteria during lunch. She was already on her way when she saw the conflict go down-Stephanie standing in between Virgil and a jock-looking brunette. Her breath caught in her throat when Zeke showed up and he jumped into action with Virgil. He seemed so confident, it made her heart race really fast. When the issue settled down, her eyes stayed glued on Zeke and Virgil up until he left Virgil in the lunch line. It seemed that he was heading her way so she ran up the stairs to the library. She still wasn't ready to join her...friends...for lunch. It was a difficult challenge. She went through the motions of the day, as usual, but she kept thinking about yesterday night. The car ride, the movie, the food...She wanted more of it, but why was it so hard to reach out? School ended and after she strolled to her locker, she decided she needed a trip to the nearest convenience store for a cold drink. Instead of going out her usual way, she went towards the athlete's hall where all the cheerleaders and jocks had their lockers. It made her a uncomfortable to go there on her own because of how packed it would get. She wasn't surprised to see a few groups loafing around when she made it down there, but she WAS surprised when she saw Stephanie leaning against a wall, hugging a few textbooks tightly. She looked like she was thinking really hard and Jay could understand why, her boyfriend DID go all super-macho during lunch. Her friends were probably doing something really fast, Stephanie wouldn't be by herself for no reason. She was way too nice and she was a cheerleader. Jay was about to leave but then she thought about how nice she was the night before and...she figured a few consoling words wouldn't hurt. She took a few cautious steps in her direction. \"...Stephanie?\" The pretty blonde looked up quickly and she gave Jay a soft smile when she saw her. \"Hi Jay.\" \"Are you okay? I mean, I saw what happened at lunch and I just wanted to say I was sorry.\" \"It's okay, it's not your fault. I should have listened to my instinct about Derek a long time ago.\" \"Hmm...\" Jay looked at Steph's feet. What could she say now? \"If you ever wanna talk or something, I'm always around.\" Stephanie giggled lightly. \"I'll keep that in mind, thank you.\" Jay gave her a soft smile in reply. \"No, thank YOU. Thanks for hanging out yesterday. It was really fun.\" \"I had fun too. Maybe we could do it again sometime soon.\" \"Yeah, maybe.\" Jay didn't want to stick around until the other cheerleaders swarmed around Steph. She already had enough trouble trying to talk to one pretty cheerleader, she didn't need to stay and confront a whole group. \"Well, I'll be going. Take care.\" Stephanie waved, still smiling pleasantly. \"I'll see you around, Jay.\" ... Charlie had told Virgil he wanted to stay behind to do some extra work for the AV Club. At first, Virg was hesitant to let him stay without a ride, but Charlie reassured him he'd find a way. Worst case scenario was he'd have to text Virgil to come pick him up anyway. The only two people in the AV Club room were Charlie and Jeannette, who was working on her chemistry homework. While he typed away at the computer, she would ask him a few questions about her assignment. He didn't mind helping her after all, it was for science. She worked quietly through her textbook problems while he tried to figure out if his new formula would work. Yes, it did make him sad that his two best friends weren't onboard with his teleportation idea...but Charlie HAD to work to discover it. It would be a major breakthrough for the scientific world, making the 21st century a lot like what movies predicted it would be. With teleportation, hover cars, holograms... Charlie thought about Back to the Future 2 and he chuckled to himself. HE would be the one to jumpstart THAT future. He and his friends did believe that the future would be like that, but unlike Virgil and Zeke, Charlie believed it would happen in THEIR lifetime. And it would start with him. His computer beeped and colorful lights flashed repetitively. He...He... \"I did it,\" he whispered in awe. Jeannette looked up. \"Did you say something, humming bird?\" \"I discovered teleportation!\" he backed away from the computer and grabbed two fistfuls of his hair. \"I did it!\" Jeannette jumped up and clapped, squealing in excitement. She hugged a stunned Charlie and hopped around like an energetic child. \"What do we do now?\" she asked once she calmed down. \"Now...we get a room.\" \"To do what?\" \"To start building.\" ... Charlie and Jeannette found Vice Principal Tolkan around the corner to the Main Office, admiring a mini model of the high school. He was distracted by it and as much as he was annoyed by being bothered, the pair managed to get permission to use Room 77. Down at the basement door, Charlie looked at the key in his hand as he felt a stir of emotions. It brought the Minutegang's good old times to mind and he wondered what everything would be like if the black hole hadn't happened. If Jay hadn't jumped back to-No. If Marcy and Riley hadn't discovered the-No. If Charlie had just locked that door... The short teen squeezed the key and shook his head slightly before opening the door. He slowly led Jeannette inside, looking at the exposed pipe Zeke had to duck under every time he visited. \"Whoa,\" she exclaimed, gaping around. But Charlie didn't hear her. He was just eager to see- He stopped completely and Jeannette bumped into him. They had reached the center of the room. It was messy, cluttered and filled with cobwebs, but in his mind he saw the time machine. The adventures he had with his friends... Jeannette gently laid a hand on his back. \"You okay, sparrow?\" \"Uh...\" He scanned the room slowly and smiled softly to himself. He couldn't believe that adventure even existed, but somehow it had. \"Yeah. I'm just happy to see it again.\" \"Again?\" \"Yeah, well...\" Charlie met her eyes and wondered if he should mention the time travel at all. She wouldn't believe him, of course, he had no proof. So what was the point? \"Nothing, it's nothing.\" \"You sure?\" One day, he'd tell her but for now he just nodded. \"Yeah. Let's start cleaning this place up a little.\"[Chapter 7] Stephanie had texted Virgil almost the entire evening. She didn't want to call him because she was sobbing quietly. Of course, it wasn't like she caught Derek cheating with Jocelyn Lee, but the fact that they broke up still hurt. He was acting so differently nowadays, it made her heart yearn for the past when everything was perfect. But now, she didn't even know if she loved him. Her cellphone kept ringing from calls and texts and social media messages, mainly from Derek. I want to talk. Steph, please. Don't give me the silent treatment. Steph, it wasn't what it seemed. Let me just explain. Paired with the sympathetic texts from her friends, it seemed like her phone was never going to stop ringing. It was irritating to keep ending calls and ignoring texts to talk to Virgil. So she quickly told him about Derek's texts and how she decided to turn her phone off so she could have time to think. [Virgil] ok, take care & rest. & remember not to lose sight of what u really want & what's good for u. [Virgil] If its too hard to tell what u should do, just imagine what ur parents would say [Stephanie] Ur right, thank you [Stephanie] See u tomorrow, Virg and thank u. XO The pretty blonde sighed and tossed her phone to the side after turning it off. She put some music on and just sat on her bed, hugging her biggest stuffed bear for comfort. She was probably making a big deal about the situation, but everything was slowly rotting with Derek and it saddened her. They've been going out for almost three years. Three years of romance, future planning, holding hands, kissing, hugging, cuddling, sharing and support. And now it's like all of that never existed. She thought back to the beginning of their blossoming romance and the absolute joy that came along with it. She yearned for it so much, her chest ached and she squeezed her bear tighter. \"It hurts, Wiggles,\" she told the bear and buried her face in the back of it's head. \"It hurts so much.\" Stephanie stayed like that for a long time and when her mother knocked on her door, she was surprised when she saw the time. It's been two and a half hours. \"Come in!\" Steph sniffed and scrambled to wipe her tears away. \"Steph, sweetie, it's Derek,\" her mother peeked in and waved the house phone, covering the speaker end, but her eyes widened when she saw her. \"Hon, what's wrong?\" \"Um, can you tell him I'll take a message?\" Steph tried to keep her tone under control, but she failed. Her mother came in and closed the door behind her. \"Derek, she's taking a shower. I'll tell her to call you tomorrow, okay?...You have a good night, too. Okay, bu-bye.\" Mrs. Jameson tossed the phone on Steph's bed and climbed on to sit next to her. She hugged her and stroked her hair. \"What happened?\" she asked in a soothing tone. \"Nothing important, mom,\" Steph sniffed. \"Really.\" \"Sweetie, I know a broken heart when I see one. If there's one thing in this world we can't hide, it's affairs of the heart.\" \"It's just...Derek was being a jerk today.\" \"Ahh so in a way, he disappointed you.\" Stephanie nodded. \"He's been acting weird ever since he talked to Virgil about two days ago.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"He's been...more aggressive.\" \"Stephanie,\" her mother firmly grabbed her arm and forced her to look at her. \"Has he ever been aggressive towards you? Because if he has, your father and I will rain upon him and his parents endless misery and lawsuits-\" \"N-No, Mom!\" Steph felt bad lying to her mom, but if she knew what happened during lunch earlier in the day, she'd most certainly lose it and stomp over to Derek's house right then. \"He was being a jerk to Virgil and his friend!\" Mrs. Jameson's firm gaze softened. \"Sweetie, there's got to be more to the story than just Derek and Virgil.\" \"I...\" Stephanie immediately thought to Jocelyn Lee, a topic she had confronted Derek about various times. But if she told her mom about it, it would appear false and hysterical. \"I guess today I saw something that I've been denying for a long time. He's changed from the beginning, mom...and it's hard for me to accept.\" Mrs. Jameson took Stephanie's hands. \"The best thing you can do is accept it and move on, dear. You can't be stuck on the past because if you are, you won't ever make it to the future. There are millions of boys out there that are dying to be by your side.\" She wiped away one of Steph's newly formed tears. \"It's natural to mourn at the end of a relationship because it's the end of something beautiful that became a part of you. But if Derek's changed and you don't feel comfortable with it, don't mourn for too long. One day, you'll find the prince of your dreams and you'll see that he's worth a million times more than Derek ever was.\" Steph smiled softly and sniffed. \"Thanks, mom.\" \"You got it, sweet pea.\" Mrs. Jameson kissed her daughter's forehead and jumped up from the bed, grabbing the phone on her way to the door. \"I'll go make some hot chocolate for both of us. And honey...\" She looked back at Steph with a raised eyebrow, \"...If that boy really did do something aggressive towards you, you better tell your father. Neither of us will ever stand for a boy who even ONCE physically harmed you.\" Stephanie giggled through her new tears, wondering how she didn't inherit her mother's sass. ... Virgil worried about Steph. A little part of him kept wondering if something happened during the last 12 hours and some curse was cast to a parallel universe where Stephanie and Derek got back together. He hoped not because she deserved to move on from that donkey. He went to his locker and found a folded note inside, which read: I'm not giving up that easily. She's mine. No need to wonder who THAT was from. With a disgusted scowl, Virgil crumbled it and shoved it in his pocket. During free time in Public Speaking, Virgil showed the note to Zeke. \"What the hell does he think this is, some high school, Romeo and Juliet, West Side Story, musical drama?\" the tall teen scoffed. \"As far as I'm concerned, SHE decided she wasn't his anymore.\" Virgil tapped his desk. \"I'm worried, dude.\" \"What for?\" Zeke snorted. \"What if he succeeds and Stephanie actually gets back together with him?\" \"Well...One, her loss,\" Zeke began to count off his fingers. \"Two, she'd be the most gullible female in existence. Three, good for you. You get rid of her cuz there are tons of fish in the sea. And four, it's not going to happen. Why? Because one, Derek's an asshole-\" \"Whoa!\" Zeke raised his eyebrows. \"Wouldn't you agree?\" Virgil thought about it for two seconds and he shrugged a shoulder. \"Eh, I'll let you have this one.\" \"Point is dude, if she ran back to him after what happened I'd say it's a good thing because she wasn't meant for you anyway and it would save you from wasting any time with her.\" \"I guess.\" The teacher was walking to his desk and he froze in his tracks in front of Jocelyn Lee. \"Jocelyn, do you REALLY have to use Nail Polish Remover in here?\" \"How else am I going to put this new color on?\" Jocelyn asked. The teacher shook his head and sighed; he wasn't even going to try to argue with her. Zeke glanced at the note in his hand and gave it back to Virgil. \"I told you twice before now and I'm saying it again, watch your back. You should consider going to some sort of self defense classes so you won't get your ass kicked if I'm not around to help.\" Virgil barely heard him as he was deep in thought. \"...You know, if Steph considers giving Derek a second chance, I could expose him with Jocelyn Lee.\" Zeke looked at the oblivious girl up in front. \"That isn't a bad idea, but would it matter? Derek's basically got the right to do whatever he wants since your future girlfriend broke up with him. AND...that'd also be a dick move.\" Virgil jolted. \"Come on, dude!\" Zeke gave him an unamused look. \"Virgil, if you did that now she'd probably be emotionally inconsolable until she graduates from college. So just wait for a while.\" Virgil sighed. \"Fine.\" -XY- Hey everyone! It's been a while frankly because I have a short attention span when it comes to doing stuff. :/ However comma, I'm glad to report that I'm once again motivated to keep writing! If some of the chapters are too short-like this one, I felt like-sorry about that! It's just me and my attention span of a goldfish trying to write here.[Chapter 8] In the AV Club, Charlie shuffled through blueprints and designs and rolled them up. He groaned in frustration. \"We are going to have to find someone that has the mechanical skill that Zeke does to help us build this.\" \"Why not ask Zeke?\" Jeanette asked curiously. \"Because he doesn't want to help me build this. And I can't use Virgil's contacts either because he also doesn't want to help.\" Charlie sighed and hung his head. \"How am I going to find someone?\" \"You know,\" Jeanette piped up after a few moments. \"I think I may know someone who can help.\" ... Out of all the places, Jeanette led the short teen to the last place he would have expected: Mr. Cunningham's classroom. In the previous timeline, the World Civ teacher had been the group's detention supervisor when they had been caught as the Minute Gang. Everyone had liked him because of how laid back and blunt he was so Charlie was honestly a little happy to be able to see the teacher again. But now was not the time for reconciliations. He wondered who Jeanette's mysterious person was and their future involvement with the device. Would they be trustworthy? Would they ever really find out what this generator would power? Could they keep the secret and if they could, would the group have a new addition to the family? Charlie tried to peer inside Cunningham's room. \"Who are we meeting here?\" \"Mr. Cunningham, of course!\" Jeanette said. Charlie's heart froze. \"Wait, WHAT?\" Had Jeanette lost her MIND? No teacher in their right mind would ever help a student with a project like Charlie's, in fact chances were they'd turn the project into the principal! \"Wait, wait Jeanette,\" Charlie snagged her before she skipped into the classroom. \"MR. CUNNINGHAM? The TEACHER?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"Well one, what makes you think he would help us? He's a teacher! Two, HOW would he even be able to? Again, he's a TEACHER. Not a mechanic!\" \"But he is!\" Jeanette argued. \"And how would you know that?\" \"He went to the French Club's social event and he talked about how he finished fixing up a car for one of his friends,\" Jeanette explained. \"So he's the perfect person to help us isn't he?\" \"Well yeah, but-\" \"Then come on! Let's ask if he'd be willing to help!\" She didn't give Charlie a chance to protest and grabbed his arm, leading him into the classroom. \"Hi, Mr. Cunningham!\" \"Oh, hello Jeanette,\" he casually greeted from the computer at his desk. \"I was wondering if you could help us with something.\" \"Sure let me just...check the updates for the tennis tournament game really fast...\" He must have been impressed because he whistled at the screen. \"Who would have figured the score was going to be so high? Anyway,\" he stood up and walked over to the pair, \"what can I do you for?\" \"We needed help building a machine,\" Jeanette looked over at Charlie so he could take over. The short teen was still skeptical, but it was too late to try to bail out. He ignored his annoyance and searched through the designs to show Cunningham the specific part that he wanted help with. \"We need to build this.\" He gave him the plans for building the main part of the teleportation device, the generator, which required a car engine to run. Cunningham whistled again when he looked them over. \"What's this for?\" \"Uh...for a science project.\" Cunningham looked up at him with a 'really?' expression. \"You're not a good liar, kid.\" \"It's more of a...personal project that we hoped we could later uh, present in science class,\" Jeanette quickly tried pitched in. \"Ehhh, I'll try to believe that.\" It was obvious Cunningham still didn't believe them, but he still looked through the plans. \"It looks like it'll be a pretty neat project. When were you planning to start building it? And where?\" \"As soon as you can start and down in Room 77. We can't really build the rest of it without this part first, so it's our priority at the moment,\" Charlie said. \"Hm...Do you have everything you need to build this specific part of it?\" Cunningham asked. \"No, we have yet to find a suitable car engine.\" In all honesty, Charlie was a little disappointed that he and Jeannette weren't able to get the parts for the generator without help, mainly the car engine. If it weren't for Jeanette's quick thinking, they wouldn't even have stood a chance! Maybe the device wasn't meant to be built, a small voice said in the back of Charlie's mind. The World Civ teacher rolled the plan up and handed it to Charlie. \"I can help you get an engine by tomorrow afternoon, at the latest.\" Charlie's eyes lit up. \"Wait, really?! You would do that?\" \"Yeah, I have an old friend that owns a junk yard with unused cars. I could ask for a favor and get you one if you guys don't have another option. No strings attached.\" \"Uh...well yes! Thank you!\" Charlie couldn't control himself and he shook Cunningham's hand profusely. \"No problem, the plans seemed a little complex so I can imagine it would be nice to get some help.\" Cunningham grinned. \"I also just really want to see how it's going to turn out.\" This guy was seriously perfect. How in the world did he end up as a high school teacher? Charlie needed to regain his composure. \"Well uh, we need to go. It was a pleasure talking to you.\" ... Stephanie was showered with attention and little gifts throughout the day and it brought her some comfort, though it made her feel a little guilty as well. Chocolates, candy and cute little charms were stacked on the top shelf of her locker, so much so that she figured SHE'D be the one giving things away by the end of the day. She kept glancing at the clock throughout her classes, dreading for lunchtime to finally come. How should she act if she saw Derek? Where should she sit? Would he try to reach out? All of her thoughts made it difficult to concentrate on her studies. She really couldn't do much expect hope that the day dragged on longer than it should to at least mentally prepare. Finally, the lunch bell rang and she bit her lip. Maybe she should find a group of friends to just mingle with the entire time, maybe it would discourage Derek from trying to talk to her about their relationship. She found a group of friends and tagged along towards the cafeteria, staying silent as she pondered on possible courses of action. When they rounded a corner, Stephanie saw Virgil-his clothes covered in food-quickly walking out of the cafeteria with Zeke. He seemed desperate to get away before he was seen and his tall friend looked furious, making Stephanie nervous to try to approach them. Somehow, she found the courage to dismiss herself from her friends and go talk to them. \"Virgil? What happened?\" His eyes widened and he faltered in his tracks; he really wasn't expecting to see her. \"Hey Steph. Uh, I was just being a little clumsy in the cafeteria today.\" Chuckling sheepishly, he scratched the back of his head. He looked so shy and embarrassed, it reminded her of a guilty toddler and she giggled. Zeke made a face and grunted. \"You're pretty lucky he didn't get you with anything.\" Hopefully she didn't sound as nervous as she felt. The biker shrugged. \"You never know with this one.\" He still didn't sound very amused, but Stephanie laughed to be polite. \"I have a change of clothes if you need them.\" \"You do?\" Virgil's eyes lit up gratefully, but just as soon as they did they squinted curiously. \"Wait...Is it extra clothes for a guy?\" \"Well, duh silly,\" Steph rolled her eyes. \"I doubt my practice sweats would fit you.\" \"Why exactly do you have guy clothes?\" \"Let's go to my locker, I'll explain on the way.\" ... At least Derek's gym clothes came in handy. Steph was happy they were being put to a good use rather than sitting in her locker, reminding her of her relationship. While she rummaged through her locker, she noticed that Virgil was fidgeting out of the corner of her eye. \"You look like someone's going to come getcha or something,\" she teased. \"I don't like being here,\" he said. \"Why not?\" \"Let's just say that after The Incident, it became exhausting to even TRY walking through here without hearing about it.\" Stephanie stopped moving. How could she have been so inconsiderate about that? She couldn't even begin to imagine how horrible that must have been. \"I'm sorry.\" She gave Virgil the clothes and a rainbow lollipop. After everything he'd been through it sounded like he rightfully earned something from her stash, even though it was meant to help with a breakup, not bullying. \"Hopefully this will also help.\" He lit right up. \"Wooww, thanks Steph!\" \"It's the least I could do...\" she gave him a reassuring smile. The sad thing was that she wasn't entirely sure if she was talking about the clothes or the lack of being a good friend. Virgil's expression quickly turned sympathetic. \"Hey are you okay?\" \"Yeah, just...\" Steph crossed her arms. \"I'm sorry I wasn't there when you needed me. You're there for me whenever I need you. You were there when Derek was being a jerk and you had no reason to be there to stand up against him!\" As always, Virgil acted against her expectations and he placed a hand on her shoulder. \"Hey...We've been friends for how long now?\" He was talking so gently, Stephanie didn't understand why until she sniffed and felt a tear roll down her cheek. Goodness knows that if anyone started crying in front of her, Steph would talk to them the same way Virgil was talking to her now. Feeling a little silly for her emotional burst, she chuckled and wiped her cheek. \"Uh...since middle school.\" \"And how many times have we done something stupid, requiring the other-BY CONTRACT-to help?\" She laughed again. \"A lot of times.\" \"Remember that one time we all got pretty scraped up after trying to jump our makeshift ramps?\" \"Yes.\" \"Who was the one that helped bandage me up?\" \"Me.\" \"Sorry who was it? I couldn't hear you 'cause you were kind of mumbling.\" \"Me.\" \"And who's the one that gave me the clothes of my ex-best friend, current-archenemy when I needed it most?\" \"You make it sound so bad, I'm kind of afraid to say it was me.\" Virgil waved a hand carelessly. \"Clean clothes is better than Italian pork chop sauce, chocolate milk and pasta. Trust me, I became the expert a few minutes ago. But the point is that you ARE there for me, you've been there for me in ways you don't even know.\" In ways you don't even know. What does he mean? Stephanie stared at Virgil with wondrously wide eyes. Her female intuition picked out his embarrassment and she saw a faint blush across his face. Her heart began to beat quickly and her face worked up it's own blush. The fact that she felt shy confirmed the suspicion she felt the day they talked outside the library. She was beginning to like Virgil as more than a friend. The second the realization dawned on her, her heartbeat changed. It went from joyous jumping jacks to pounding, rib-breaking guilt. How could Stephanie feel romantically towards someone else literally a day after she broke up with her boyfriend? The worst part was that they all used to be best friends! No, Stephanie thought. The worst part is that I started feeling this way when Derek and I were still together. She lowered her eyes and rubbed the back of her neck. \"Uh...I'm sorry about the gym clothes, but it should get you through the day. Or if you decide to go to your house to change really fast, your car won't become messy.\" \"Right, right. I should go get changed.\" He smiled warmly. \"Thanks again by the way, if you hadn't heard it for the billionth time already.\" \"You're welcome.\" -XYZ- Hopefully it's going well. I was stuck for the longest time on this chapter so I'm glad I was finally able to do SOMETHING about it. ^-^[Chapter 9] Zeke was still angry about how two of the stupid quarterback's friends purposefully ran into Virgil and dumped their left overs on him during lunch. Had Zeke made it back in time with his bagged food, he might have smacked them with their own trays, but he wasn't able to because he made it there after the fact. Needless to say, he didn't like how that stupid jock was picking on Virgil AND sending his friends to do the same. In addition to that, he wasn't sure how he felt about Virgil lying to Stephanie on what had happened. It ticked him off at first because he thought he was protecting Derek or maybe himself from embarrassment at still being a target to occasional bullying. The more he thought about it, the more he came to realize that Virgil had lied to protect Stephanie and save her from additional worry. Huh, Zeke thought to himself. It still didn't help calm his anger down though. He stomped up the stairs, unaware as to why he was heading towards the library. The last thing he needed was to take his fury out on Jay, so why was he going to the one place he knew she was at? I just want to get one glimpse, he immediately thought and became embarrassed at how sappy it sounded. However, it was the truth. He was simply planning to walk past the library to get a glance and go someplace else to cool off. Making it to the top, he was blindsided with surprise when he saw Jay speed walk around the corner across the library. Curious, he followed her. \"Jay?\" He peeked around and saw her leaning against the wall, biting on a nail as if to say, 'Crap I hope he doesn't come back here.' \"What are you doing here?\" She quickly looked at him and reared away slightly, acting defensively. \"I came out for a drink of water.\" \"I saw that, I meant why did you come HERE after taking said drink of water?\" She hesitated and looked as guilty as a scolded kid, lowering her gaze to the ground. \"...I was nervous about going down there to eat with you guys.\" The fact that she was even considering going down to the cafeteria excited the biker, but the nervousness she felt surprised him. \"What, why?\" \"Well, because of everything that's been going on. I saw what happened the other day with Stephanie and her boyfriend and I've been worried. And then today, with those jerkwads ramming into Virgil...\" She shook her head. \"Just when I'm about to go down there, SOMETHING happens that makes me glad I never have.\" Another reason why Zeke should find those annoying football asses and throw them in the cafeteria dumpster. Instead, he grunted and leaned on the wall with Jay. \"Things have been crazy lately,\" he admitted. \"But they'll get over it soon enough.\" \"Get over what?\" \"The whole situation with the cheerleader and her boyfriend. They're being a bunch of sour asses.\" \"I can tell,\" Jay chuckled at the name calling. \"...You okay after, you know, almost fighting with that brute?\" He laughed. \"Who uses the word brute anymore?\" \"Well, I do. On special occasions such as these.\" Zeke's breath was taken away when he looked over at her and saw her Vampire Smile-the endearing smile that showed off her two dull peaks that reminded him of a blood sucker. She was starting to break out of the shell, she was coming back to him... The realization made his chest-piece (ugh...HEART) leap in joy, but he controlled himself and nodded towards her messenger bag. \"You're not going back to the library?\" \"I wasn't planning to.\" \"So what are you going to do now?\" \"...I don't know.\" Now she just seemed tired and Zeke suspected he knew why. Back when he was a loner in middle school, he remembered how weary he felt at times from just being alone. Sometimes he had wished there was someone, just one person, to talk to. As he grew older, he became careless to the point where he couldn't give a rat's ass anymore. Jay was still in his middle school days, having days where she wanted to have friends. It's why she's been hesitant about going to the cafeteria to eat with them, he realized, and it must have sparked from the day they went out to the movies. \"Want to go to the weld shop with me?\" She seemed thoughtful as she met his gaze. \"...Why not?\" ... Being up so high in the clouds, Virgil was sluggish when the final bell rang to go home. He was just so happy from lunch! Sure, two football players smeared him with food but he was looking at the bright side. He got to talk to Stephanie and he was pretty sure they were having another moment. For the umpteenth time, he ran his thumb across the rainbow lollipop. She was just so... Amazing. Beyond the pretty cheerleader, Virgil saw her character and her heart. He loved her personality, the way she was so hopeful about the smallest things. She was so supportive and caring. He was happy that she didn't change from when they were kids. It was like she was a precious gem, unscathed through the corrosion of time, making her more valuable to Virgil who treasured their past. He found Zeke among the sea of anxious high school students and he seemed to be up in the sky as well. Of course anyone else would have missed it, but Virgil saw it in his expression which was less angry and challenging than usual. Heck, he was even grinning a little. \"What happened with you?\" \"I'll tell you later.\" Zeke nodded at his outfit. \"So what, you went back home to change after all?\" \"Yeah, I wasn't about to start walking around with Derek's gym stuff on me. I'm not sure how but that would have been worse.\" Zeke nodded and changed the topic as the pair went off to find their third man. \"So what's the plan for today?\" \"The usual,\" Virgil shrugged. \"TV, movie, video games, but what I can't decide on is pizza or Chinese? Hmm.\" \"Pizza,\" Zeke said in a heartbeat. \"Holy hell, why would you ever consider CHINESE?\" The boys went to Charlie's locker, but he wasn't there so they headed to the AV Club. They were in luck as Charlie rushed out with an armful of papers and an excited gleam in his eyes. Virgil had seen that look before, so much so that it was officially dubbed 'The Mad Scientist.' \"Hey!\" Zeke called out when the boys saw Charlie hadn't noticed them. \"Where are you headed off to, nerd?\" \"Oh! Hi guys. I was just going to work on a new experiment.\" Virgil frowned and racked his brain. \"You haven't mentioned anything about a new experiment.\" Charlie gave him an unamused look. \"Would you have actually cared Virgil? I was positive that this experiment was going to be no different to you than my feline communicator.\" \"Whoa, where did this attitude come from?\" Virgil joked and held up his hands. Charlie frowned in confusion. \"What attitude? I was simply-\" \"That attitude,\" Virgil pointed at him, grinning sarcastically. \"That's not-\" \"Sass.\" \"-an attitude-\" \"Ah!\" \"Virgil!\" Virgil covered his ears. \"It's too much, I can't handle it!\" \"Well, it's because he's in touch with his inner Tyra Banks,\" Zeke pitched in. \"No one in their right mind can handle that.\" \"Tyra Banks? Who in all the universal composition is that?\" Charlie asked. Virgil stared at Zeke. \"...I'm actually disappointed AND surprised that you know who that is.\" Zeke chuckled and shrugged. \"I'm disappointed too.\" \"Look guys I'd like to hang out, but maybe another day, now if you don't mind...\" Charlie turned and started to leave. \"I'll text you later!\" \"Nah ah ah!\" Virgil jumped in front of him. \"You're not leaving until you tell us what this experiment is. This is the first time you haven't said anything about it. At all!\" \"I'm a little curious myself.\" Zeke blocked Charlie from behind. \"What exactly are you working on?\" Charlie glanced between the two and backed up into a locker, clutching his papers tightly. \"Uh-It's nothing important. Really.\" \"Am I going to have to stuff you in the vending machine again?\" Zeke threatened. \"N-No.\" \"Then what is it?\" Virgil asked. Charlie groaned and kept glancing between the two, making Virgil suspect that this 'experiment' was really just a secret about something else. \"Charlie?\" Jeanette appeared behind the group of boys, hugging her chemistry book lightly. She peered curiously beyond Virgil and Zeke to see what was happening. \"Are you ready to start?\" It was like two pieces of a puzzle came together in Virgil's mind and his face lit up with a bright smile. Charlie was helping Jeanette with her homework and he lied because of what happened the day they came back from the past! \"Oh,\" Zeke muttered and shared a sly grin with Virgil. \"Hey Jeanette, we were just um, inviting Charlie over for some video games at my place.\" Virgil didn't know how he managed to say that without laughing. \"Oooh! Fun!\" the spunky girl hopped like an energetic child. \"Canary, do you think we can go after we finish working?\" \"Uh, yeah. I'll think about it.\" Charlie zipped away from his two friends and hurried past Jeanette, guiding her away by placing a hand on her back. \"I'll talk to you guys later!\" \"Don't expect us to save you a piece of pizza!\" Zeke said. \"Just for you Jeannete!\" Virgil added sarcastically and started laughing with his friend. \"I can't believe tha-I mean, how did he eve-What have I been missing out on?!\" Smiling, Zeke shrugged. \"I don't know, I can't figure it out no matter how I think about.\" Virgil sighed. Laughing as much as he did made him feel better about the day's events. \"Well...I guess it's just you and me today.\"[Chapter 10] Stephanie couldn't believe the AUDACITY, the NERVE, the-the darn near STUPIDITY. How dare Derek try to act as if last night didn't happen? To think that she felt guilty about liking Virgil made her blood boil. For all she knew, Derek could have had feelings for Jocelyn Lee way before Stephanie even thought about talking to Virgil! She shoved Derek away from her as hard as she could, careless about whether or not the students stared. \"I saw you, Derek!\" she snarled. \"I saw you kissing Jocelyn Lee at The Burger Hour and you're trying to get back together? Especially by telling me that I'm WRONG? That-That I somehow confus-?\" \"Shh, Steph!\" Derek glanced around and tried to lead her further up in between the cars. \"No! Don't touch me,\" she slapped his hands away. \"I don't care what any of these people think, they don't even know the whole story!\" \"Stephanie please. You're making it difficult for me to try to talk to you,\" Derek pleaded. \"About what? As far as I'm concerned, we've nothing to talk about.\" \"Yes we do! About what happened with Jocelyn Lee last night? Steph I didn't kiss her, SHE kissed ME.\" The pretty blonde scoffed. She saw them with her own two eyes and it definitely seemed like he was going along with it. \"I don't care. You and I are DONE, you can do whatever you want, date whoever you want and kiss whoever you want,\" Stephanie laid out the hard truth. \"But DON'T expect us to get back together, especially by telling me a lie.\" \"I care about you! She doesn't mean anything to me!\" Derek protested. She shook her head, closed her eyes and felt a single tear drop roll down her cheek. Steph wasn't really sure why she was crying, but she felt tired. \"I've had enough, Derek.\" \"But Stepha-\" he tried to grab her arm. \"No. No more,\" she blocked him. \"Don't ever try to talk to me again or I'll talk to my parents. And my mom has already threatened to place lawsuits against you.\" He froze. The pretty blonde didn't wait another second. She walked away. \"Goodbye, Derek.\" ... Charlie and Jeanette had received an early ride to school from her mom. The short teen developed an idea roughly 10 hours ago and now he just HAD to run simulations through the computer in the audio/visual room. Jeanette was sweet enough to bring along hot chocolate for them both and she sipped on hers as she watched her crush work. He muttered to himself, checked blueprints, calculations, sipped hot chocolate and scribbled things out in his notebook. \"Okay, my clever crow,\" she yawned and leaned next to him. \"What are you trying to do?\" \"Trying to make these pods sync up through the watch, through the generator.\" Charlie didn't really speak in full sentences when he was working. Everyone who's seen him work knew it was basically him spewing his thoughts out loud. \"Pods?\" \"Makes it easier to teleport. No more resetting,\" Charlie muttered. \"Just toss one.\" Jeanette frowned. It was too early for this, but she wanted to understand. \"How would the watch and the pods like...work together?\" \"Run Mode.\" \"The what now?\" \"Push the start button to run, stop when you're done.\" \"Hehe, that rhymed.\" Jeanette figured it couldn't hurt to try to lighten the mood up. Especially since Charlie was confusing her the more he talked. After an ETERNITY, Charlie gave a cheer. \"Just as I thought!\" \"It worked?\" Charlie jumped up from his seat as Jeanette tried to decipher the computer screen. \"All I need to do is find some sort of tiny robots to be able to link up through the watch and then we'll be able to travel without having to input the addresses or make some sort of psychological link to read our minds or some nonsense!\" Jeanette only heard about half of what he said and even then, she didn't understand him. However, she showed support and jumped up, clapping her hands in excitement. \"Easiness!\" The short teen lit up thinking she understood him and in a moment of pure joy, he hugged her and kissed her cheek. She was surprised at first, but she happily returned the embrace. A third person scared them by clearing their throat. Chester stood at the room's entrance, squinting his eyes at the pair. \"Ch-Chester,\" the short genius tried shuffle through his papers but he made a bigger mess. It wasn't a big deal, a hug and a peck on the cheek, but Charlie knew that stuff was disrespectful in the AV Club's room. He was only grateful he didn't get the urge to kiss her on the mouth! Oblivious to the situation, Jeannette waved at Chester with her usual cheerful smile. \"Good morning there!\" He ignored her, keeping his suspicious glare on Charlie. \"How are you today, Commander Supreme?\" The short teen still couldn't look at him and he shrugged a shoulder while snatching up his papers. \"Oh you know, just working in the name of science. How are you? Good, I should hope so. Oh my, I haven't noticed the time! We've got to run along now don't we? I'll see you later.\" He usually babbled on when he was nervous, however this time he purposefully kept talking so Chester wouldn't be able to. He grabbed Jeanette's hand and got the heck out of there. ... If Virgil could rub his eyes he would, but he had to hold his lunch tray. He stood frozen, staring at his lunch table. Was Stephanie really sitting there? Maybe it was some other confused pupil. Maybe he was hallucinating and no one was there. He glanced over to the popular table and saw them whispering amongst themselves, taking quick looks at Virgil's table. So he wasn't crazy. He approached. \"Steph?\" \"Hi Virgil!\" Her smile was as bright as ever, as if nothing bad had happened these past few days. \"You do realize where you're sitting right?\" \"Yeah. I'm sitting with you and the others.\" She said it so naturally, it sounded like she did it every day. \"Ha, okay,\" he grinned, taking a seat next to her. He forgot about Chester and Eugene and felt embarrassed at their reactions. They regarded Steph like a pop star and took a seat. \"Stephanie Jameson? What are you doing here?\" Chester asked with a toothy smile. \"Y-Yeah, shouldn't you be over with the populars?\" Eugene said. Stephanie giggled. \"I just wanted to sit with Virgil and Jay and-Oh. There's Zeke now.\" Zeke plopped his lunch bag down and dragged the chair out next to Virgil. \"Steph,\" he greeted simply. \"Hi Zeke! How has your day gone?\" \"Good. And yours?\" \"Great, thanks.\" She looked around the cafeteria. \"When are the others coming?\" \"Oh, Charlie and Jeanette will probably be working on something. They've been working through lunch and staying after school for about a week now,\" Virgil said. \"Ugh. The Commander Supreme and his GIRLFRIEND,\" Chester muttered with a scowl. \"His what now?\" Zeke was surprised, but his tone sounded harsh to Chester and he jolted. \"Wait, and Jay?\" Steph asked, perking Zeke's attention. He glanced up the far flight of stairs. \"She should be coming down in a few minutes. I'll go get her if she doesn't come.\" \"Okay.\" ... Zeke ate a little faster than usual. Stephanie was receiving everyone's attention and he felt out of place. Clutching his empty lunch bag, he excused himself and headed to the library. Remembering the previous day, he glanced at the hall before going inside. Sure enough Jay wandered slowly, deep in thought. \"Hey!\" Zeke caught up with her. \"Aren't you planning to go eat today?\" \"I'm not very hungry,\" she said. \"And I don't want to sit in the library today. I just...I can't force myself to go down there.\" She furrowed her eyebrows and her eyes projected anxiousness. \"Steph is sitting with us today, if that helps at all.\" Jay frowned. \"She is?\" \"Surprised the hell out of everyone, you'd think she's some sort of a star with all the attention she's getting,\" Zeke said. He jerked his head to the side. \"Come on. Let's go sit with everyone else.\" \"...Okay.\" Zeke felt like he was leading a kid to his first day of school. Jay looked around the cafeteria cautiously, probably expecting something to happening. \"Look who I found,\" Zeke said. \"Jay!\" Steph exclaimed happily. \"Hey partner,\" Virgil grinned. \"Hi guys,\" Jay waved. The joyous way she smiled made Zeke feel happy. He couldn't help but to grin himself. \"You can...take this seat if you want,\" Virgil offered the one next to him. \"Leave your stuff here to save the seat and go get some food. The mashed potatoes are AMAZING.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" As she slung off her messenger bag, Zeke looked at Eugene. \"Hey, can you scoot over?\" The flimsy kid didn't seem to be paying attention, forcing Zeke to snap his fingers in front of his face. \"Hellooo? Earth to Eugene. Scoot over.\" \"Oh, oh, okay.\" Chester moved a seat over, giving his chair to Eugene and allowing Zeke to claim the chair next to Jay's. The biker accompanied her through the line, seeing as how she seemed intimidated, and when they returned Virgil told them about the Top Ten program showing later that night. The idea of having everyone hang out to watch it excited Virgil, plus he was positive Charlie would agree to watch it as well. Chester and Eugene cheered and high-fived, thinking the invitation included them. However, Virgil wasn't mean. He shrugged and welcomed them as well, much to Zeke's annoyance. He didn't let it bother him much, especially since Jay actively agreed to participate as well. He watched her eat and she must have seen him from her peripherals because she looked at him with a sparkle in her eye. The best part was that even then her Vampire Smile didn't waver. ... Jay was looking forward to later that night. Hanging out with everyone again (and those other two boys) was going to be great! She was in high spirits and decided she wanted to buy a cold drink, the thought of walking through A-Hall didn't bother her. Midway down the stairs, she heard a group of females-probably cheerleaders-talking and it didn't affect her until she heard them say, \"Stephanie.\" She hurried down and around the base, leaning against it to eavesdrop. The cheerleaders were in the open, Jay didn't understand how they could just talk crap like that. They didn't even try to lower their voices, allowing Jay to hear every word. \"-understand if I were in her shoes. Especially with how Derek's been acting lately. I would have broken up with him too.\" \"I heard she caught Derek and Jocelyn Lee doing something and THAT'S why she broke up with him.\" \"But she broke up with him when he almost got in a fight with those two idiots. I was there, I heard her.\" Jay scowled. Zeke and Virgil were NOT idiots. \"That was them taking a 'break.' Steph officially broke up with him this morning, out in the parking lot.\" \"It's understandable, but sitting at a different table during lunch? Especially with a group of losers?\" the girl talking scoffed. \"With her reputation she'll be drawing attention and not the good kind.\" \"How long until she becomes one of them?\" \"She won't. Her reputation will be hurt of course, but she's been popular all through high school. She's a cheerleader. Everyone knows her by now. She'll just have people talking crap behind her back.\" \"Oh my goodness, I CANNOT believe-I mean how did she even know those losers?\" The girl's snicker sounded cruel. \"I don't know, but did you see that nerd's BIG GLASSES? They were huge!\" Their laughter made Jay feel nauseous, as if their voices were some sort of poison. \"Ugh, that blonde she was talking to needs a better haircut. His. Looked. Horrendous.\" \"He was ugly too.\" \"Hon, they all were. They need a stylist to help them. Especially that girl that was sitting with them. Her jeans were horrendous. They looked like hand me downs. Ugh.\" Jay felt a fire burn in her chest as she heard the roasts. THIS is why she stayed away from people. They were backstabbing, judgmental assholes that deserved to be stuck in a horrible loop for all of eternity. But the fact that they criticized her hurt her the most. She tried her best to be neutral to the crowd, but they had the gall to mock the quality of her clothes. I'm better off on my own, she thought bitterly as she stomped away, leaving the cheerleaders to their roasting session.[Chapter 11] Zeke ate chips as everyone socialized in the living room. This wasn't Chester and Eugene's first time at Charlie's house, which made sense. They'd been friends longer than Zeke had with Charlie and Virgil. However, they jittered in excitement at the thought of having other people show up (not including the scary biker, of course). The tall teen was deep in thought. If anyone ever found out how sappy his thoughts were becoming, he'd have to weld them onto a bus and hope they'd get sent out of the CITY. It was embarrassing how often Jay was on his mind even worse, stuff that he wanted to do to her. Like kiss. I should have kissed her before we jumped into the black hole. A wasted chance. Things were going great. It wouldn't have been weird if he'd leaned in and kissed her. The dance. I hope we go together again. He grinned as he remembered that trip to her locker to invite her. \"What's up?\" Virgil sat down on the love seat near the single couch Zeke was sitting on. There was absolutely no way this subject was being discussed. \"Nothing.\" \"The girls haven't arrived yet and I'm getting worried.\" \"Why?\" \"Well, I completely forgot about the fact that DEREK is Charlie's neighbor and-\" Zeke couldn't help but snicker at where this was going. \"Dude I'm serious!\" \"All right, all right. I'm sorry, go on.\" Zeke attempted to make a straight face. \"This is really the only place we could do this. Amy would have annoyed the heck out of us and you-\" Zeke snorted. \"Yeah no.\" \"Exactly.\" Virgil tapped his foot rapidly. \"...Maybe it was a mistake to invite her here.\" \"Dude, relax. We're going to be in Charlie's house watching a nerdy Top Ten show. Everything's going to be fine.\" Virgil looked at the time on his phone. \"It starts in half an hour and Steph's not here yet. Zeke frowned and glanced around. \"Jay isn't here either. Hmm.\" The two friends shared a quick look before they stood up to go talk to Jeanette, who was having a conversation with Charlie. \"Hey have you heard from the girls?\" Zeke leaned next to her. Jeanette looked puzzled. \"No, not really.\" Zeke and Virgil stayed quiet for a second before moving. \"All right. I'm going to Jay's house.\" \"And I'm picking Stephanie up.\" ... The tall teen had just barely got off his motorcycle when Jay hurried out of her house. \"No, no, no. I do NOT need this right now!\" \"What?\" Zeke frowned. \"What are you talking about?\" She ran into him and tried to push him back to his bike. \"You need to go, you need to go, you need to go NOW.\" \"Why?\" Zeke glanced back at her house in case he missed something. The curtains were pulled back and people were peeking through. Jay grabbed his helmet and shoved it in his arms, prompting him to mount his bike and leave. \"Look this is a bad time,\" she said urgently. \"My parents are here and the last thing I need is for them to think that I have a boyfriend.\" Something was off with Zeke, he kept snickering like a gossipy girl! Maybe it was the irony of the situation. After all, had things gone differently, he'd be here meeting her parents because he would have been Jay's boyfriend. One day soon, it would really happen. \"What's so funny?\" Jay asked. \"Nothing, nothing.\" \"All right fine, whatever. I still need you to get on and go back to wherever it is you came from,\" Jay prompted him towards his bike. Zeke shook his head. \"No. Not until you come with me.\" \"What?! Why?\" \"Because you were there during lunch, you said you would go to Charlie's place. What happened to that?\" \"I changed my mind.\" She seemed rushed and she kept glancing back at her parents. \"Why?\" \"Because I didn't want to be a killjoy.\" \"Don't be ridiculous, you wouldn't be a killjoy.\" Zeke was starting to feel annoyed. He wanted to shake the jitters out of her so she could stand still and have a conversation. \"Why would you even-?\" \"I just know I would Zeke, okay?\" Jay finally burst, throwing her hands wide. \"I was pissed because I heard these cheerleaders talking crap after school and it got to me.\" Ohhhh. Shit. Zeke didn't know what to say. \"...Who were they talking about? Stephanie?\" \"All of us!\" Jay snapped. \"...All of us,\" she repeated in a softer tone. \"Hey, hey,\" Zeke reached out and rubbed her arm, placing his hand under her chin to make her look at him. \"There's always going to be someone to talk crap about others. You can't let that bother you.\" Her eyes shone softly in gratitude. Zeke's instincts kicked in and he knew that at that moment, he could have stolen a kiss. However logic also warned him it wouldn't have been appreciated as her parents were peeking through the windows. \"Let's go watch tonight's Top Ten.\" ... \"Wow,\" Jay muttered as she took off her hoodie. \"This place is nice.\" Zeke remembered the first time he saw Charlie's house. It was fancier than Virgil's and about five times the size of his own. He took her hoodie and hung it with the rest on the coat rack. \"Thanks,\" she mumbled. \"Let's go through here.\" Zeke led her to the living room where the others were socializing. \"Jay Bird!\" Jeanette jumped up and tackled her friend in a hug. Hearing the nickname gave Zeke a pang of nostalgia. \"Hi there!\" she greeted in return, then turned her attention to the others. \"Hey Charlie. Chester. Eugene.\" Eugene had a goofy smile and he waved shyly. \"H-Hi.\" \"We're just waiting for Virgil and Stephanie now,\" Charlie said as Jay took her seat near Jeanette. \"Hm.\" Zeke mumbled, remembering Virgil's concern about Derek. Was he having trouble convincing Steph to come hang out? Zeke went to the window and peeked out to look at Derek's house. It looked like his family was there. 'There shouldn't be a problem today then, if she does come,' Zeke thought and made his way back to the living room. \"...yeah, okay may I get a muffin?\" Jay was pointing to a platter at the end of the coffee table. Eugene jumped to his feet, snatched one up and plopped down next to Jay, giving her the request. \"Here you go,\" he said shyly with the same goofy smile as before. It was then that Zeke's blood froze. The shy smiles, the stutters, his nervous behavior, his will to get Jay what she wanted... He had a crush on her. \"Thanks.\" She was simply being polite, but Zeke could see that her smile gave Eugene a touch of the jitters. \"S-Sure.\" Zeke's mind went to overdrive as he remembered the previous timeline to the first time the gang ate out. He recalled that Eugene reacted nervously to Jay's Vampire Smile. At the time, Zeke thought he had poor speaking skills and now his jealousy made his teeth grit. He went over to them and flicked his wrist to the side, motioning Eugene to scoot. \"I was sitting here.\" Zeke squeezed in between them before he completely moved over. \"I'll move over,\" Jay said. \"Nah, it's fine. We can all fit.\" That was a lie as Eugene was squished between Zeke and the arm rest. \"Okay. So the only ones left to come are Virgil and Stephanie?\" Jay addressed everyone but her eyes landed on Zeke for an answer. He opened his mouth to reply but Eugene beat him to the punch, earning him a death glare. \"Yes. But I'm pretty sure we'll start watching without them if they don't show up on time.\" \"Oh,\" she seemed astounded he answered. \"Um, okay.\" ... Although Stephanie reassured him she'd be fine, Virgil was nervous as he turned the corner to get on Charlie's street. Out of his peripherals, he saw her purse her lips and look out her window. Probably to avoid looking at Derek's house, which was on Virgil's side. Virgil was on edge while he parked his car in Charlie's driveway and led Stephanie up to the front door. He kept thinking that SOMETHING was going to happen. Like the universe was going to look down upon them and say, \"Oh look, Virgil's been having an unusually good day.\" And...send ninjas as karma for thinking about a bad shirt he saw at school today. No ninjas, no ninjas, no ninjas. No ghosts. No...werewolves, whatever! he thought to himself. The second Jeanette opened the door, Virgil jumped in and sighed in relief when the door shut behind them. \"Hi Jeanette,\" Stephanie greeted with a warm smile and took her coat off. \"Ooohh! I hope you like my merengue cookies Steph!\" Jeanette hopped and clung onto her arm like a child. \"You too Virg! I brought more than enough for everyone.\" \"Wow, thanks Jen,\" Virgil grinned. The spunky girl clapped her hands and gave him a bear hug. \"Did you just give me a nickname? Ohhh, Virgil! I love it!\" Everyone was gathered in the living room. Virgil wasn't sure if they were comfortable or not especially Eugene, who was squished between Zeke and an arm rest. \"Hey everyone.\" \"Virgil! You missed the first two storms!\" Charlie said. \"What could I have possibly missed?\" Virgil replied sarcastically and sat at the love seat. \"It's not like they're all storms.\" Stephanie sat down next to him and he only hoped he didn't smell bad. He knew he certainly didn't smell good either. Neutral , he thought. I hope I smell neutral then. They all watched the storms, but for some reason Virgil felt a lot of tension. There was some from Chester (which was weird because he wasn't supposed to have any) obvious tension from Zeke, and some awkward tension between Stephanie and himself. Nothing like a little comedy to ease up there. On a commercial break, he said, \"I call dibs on the remote.\" \"What?\" Charlie frowned. \"Virgil, we're almost done with the storms. We can't just-\" \"Don't worry. I'm changing it after it ends,\" Virgil rolled his eyes. \"Well, okay. Though I'm not sure if everyone wants to stay later to indulge in your choice of program.\" \"Charlie speak.\" Zeke chuckled at the confused looks the short teen received. Aside from him, Virgil was pretty sure he and Chester were the only other two that understood Charlie, but he still didn't understand how someone could just...talk that way. \"I'm thirsty, is there water I could get or...?\" Jay was halfway in between standing when Eugene jumped up. \"I'll get it!\" Zeke glanced at him and stood up. \"You know what? Jay and I'll go get drinks for everyone. Charlie you have juices right?\" To the boys, it was known that Charlie's mom didn't allow him to keep any soda. Only juice and (mainly) water. \"Always. V8. Caprisun. You name it.\" \"All right so...Jay?\" Zeke looked at her expectantly. \"I'll help.\" Eugene raised his hand as she stood. \"We got it,\" Zeke said with a slight scowl. Virgil tried to hide his grin. He knew Zeke was keeping Eugene from hanging out with Jay. He just wondered how long it had been going on. After the show ended and everyone got a drink, Virgil changed the channel to watch Ridiculousness. After three episodes and a lot of laughter, the group disbanded to leave. They were leaving with a lighter note and Virg felt comfortable with that, he forgot that Derek lived across the street. Stephanie's smile faded when she accidentally got a look at Derek's house. \"Oh. There's...Jocelyn Lee's car.\" Virgil felt like someone knocked the wind out of him. He wished he could have spared her from seeing that. \"Um...Hey, I'm really sorry. For what happened between you guys.\" As much as Virgil wanted them to break up, sometimes he wished it ended differently to spare Steph a lot of pain. \"I didn't want it to end that way.\" Steph raised an eyebrow and playfully asked, \"Oh, so you WANTED us to break up?\" \"No, no! I meant that if or when you guys decided to end your relationship, it should have ended better.\" Steph smiled lightly. \"It's fine, Virg. I understood what you meant. But...it's okay. We're both free now. It kinda makes me happy.\" \"How so?\" \"Well, for one, I don't have to worry about him and Jocelyn Lee anymore. I also don't have to do things with him because we're quote-unquote, the most popular couple at school. And who knows? I could probably end up with someone who is a better match for me than Derek was anyway.\" \"You sound like you have someone in mind.\" \"I kind of do.\" Stephanie smiled up at him as they walked to his car. They listened to the radio and laughed at stories Virgil told while he drove to her house. She unbuckled her seatbelt. \"Thanks for the ride.\" Virgil shrugged. \"What's a ride amongst friends?\" He shrugged again playfully and he was surprised when all of a sudden, Steph leaned across and kissed him on the cheek. He reached up to touch the spot she kissed and he laughed nervously. \"Wow, Steph. Um, th-thanks.\" Steph laughed and opened the car door. \"I'll see you tomorrow Virgil.\" -XYZ- I was going to make Stephanie kiss Virgil, like actually kiss him, but...Eh. (Shrug) Anyaways, I JUST discovered that they have Minutemen on Hulu! (Squee!) So y'all can bet your asses I have and will keep watching it! I also made a little \"spin-off\" story if you guys want to check it out. It's called Family Ties . ","Summary":" Virgil tried not to laugh when he saw Chester and Eugene because they looked so uncomfortable and a"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Minutemen Ride Again","Author":"max'sgirl13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7928060","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Minutemen. So when I was in 8 th grade, I saw the movie Minutemen and hated the ending. I wrote an extension of the movie, which ended up getting bigger and bigger until it became a fully fledged screenplay. As of late, it's been doing nothing but take up space on my flash drive, so I figured I'd do something with it. So, here's one year of work in several installments, still formatted as a screenplay. The Minutemen ride again! Scene 1 Setup: Two years previous. Sophomores Virgil and Charlie are in Charlie's bedroom. Virgil is sitting on Charlie's bed, looking stressed out. Charlie is on the computer, working with a complex computer program. Charlie: 97%…98…99… YES! [Charlie jumps out of the chair and punches the air with his fists.] Virgil: Great…what were you doing again? [Charlie turns to face Virgil.] Charlie: For the last time, I just created a virus protection computer program that cannot be hacked into! Virgil: (sounding very uninterested) Oh yeah, great. Charlie: Virgil, what's wrong? [Virgil sighs and doesn't answer him.] Charlie: Was it Derek again? Virgil: Yep. Charlie: The usual jokes? Virgil: Do they ever change? Charlie: I guess not. [Awkward silence for two seconds] Charlie: Look, that stuff wears off after time. I bet by next year, he'll forget the incident. Virgil: Charlie, that incident was big! He'll never forget it! He'll be cracking jokes until graduation. Charlie: Maybe not. Virgil: Look, just…just drop it, okay? Charlie: (sighs) Okay. [Charlie goes to sit back down at the computer. Virgil sighs.] Virgil: (mutters to himself) We're never going to be popular. Scene 2 Virgil (voiceover): For the past 3 weeks, one thing has been on my mind: time travel. I know the other guys said they wanted to bag the idea, but I still wonder about it. Could we be able to do it again? And if we could, how would we do it? Charlie kept claiming it was impossible to do it, but to be truthful, I want to be able to time travel again. As the Minutemen, our peers all finally noticed us. We finally mattered a bit to the rest of the student body. Now we've lost all that. I know that if there were some way, a way to get all of that back, Charlie and Zeke would feel the same. But should we try again? Is it worth the risk, the risk of endangering everything we have? Setup: Summerton High. It has been three weeks since the black hole incident, and the guys have done no time travel since. The bell rings for lunch, and Virgil, Charlie, and Zeke walk out of class. Virgil: Dude, that class was so boring! Zeke: Thank god it's over. Let's grab lunch. [The guys walk to the cafeteria, get lunch, and sit at their table. While they're eating, Virgil brings up a completely random topic] Virgil : So, guys? I was thinking about the time travel... Zeke : Oy... Virgil: Do you think we'll ever use the machine again? Charlie: (starts speaking, slowly raises voice to a shout) Need I remind you where we were 3 weeks ago? If we use the machine, we'll damage the space-time continuum, again, causing a black hole, again, or worse! Imagine the consequences! KABOOM! (Flails arms dramatically) Virgil: Okay! I can go without the sound effects. Zeke : But dude, he is right. Virgil : Come on, Charlie. You said yourself you wanted to continue time traveling. We'll just be more careful, and maybe the black hole won't happen this time. You never know. Charlie: No, Virgil. We can't take that risk, it's too much. If we want to be able to time travel safely, we need to make our methods much more reliable. Like you said, we don't know what might happen. I've been working on a way to do this, but I've had no luck finding anything. I want to keep doing this as much as you do, Verge. Besides, if I knew how to do this safely, you would know already. Virgil: Yeah, I know. (Sees Stephanie) I got to go. (Walks off to talk to her) Zeke: Wait, so if you're working on the machine improvements, does this mean no more teleportation? Charlie: No. I mean, yes. Way too dangerous for us. [Zeke flashes him a satisfied smile] [Jeanette stops over where Charlie and Zeke are.] Jeanette : Hey Hummingbird, what'cha doing? Charlie: (doing his best not to keep eye contact) Um, well, uh, not much, I guess. Jeanette: Oh. Well, just wanted to say hi! (Kisses him on the cheek) Well, I need to get to class. Bye! (Walks off) [Charlie has a shocked look frozen on his face.] Zeke: (snapping his fingers in front of his face) Charlie? Charlie? Earth to Charlie! Dude, we need to get to class! [Charlie still frozen, Zeke picks him up and walks away, grumbling under his breath.] [Meanwhile, Stephanie is standing over by a post, not far from where Derek is sitting at a table with the other popular kids. Virgil walks up.] Virgil ; Hey, Steph! And how might you be today? Stephanie: (smiles) Not bad, Verge. You? Virgil: I'm okay. Stephanie: Oh, I've been meaning to talk to you. Virgil: What about? Stephanie: Well, about 3 weeks ago, I heard you talking to Derek in the library. Virgil: Ah, yes. Stephanie: \"You were always going to be a jerk\"? What the heck, Verge? You haven't really been getting along, but you always acted civil around each other. What changed? Virgil: Steph, it's nothing, long story. Stephanie: Ok...? Zeke: (Dragging Charlie along, losing his grip on him) Hey Verge! A little help please! Stephanie: What's with him? Virgil: No idea. Well, I'll see you later. Stephanie: Yeah, see ya. [Virgil walks off to help Charlie, and Stephanie walks over to where Derek is, and the bell rings for class][Chapter 2] Scene 3 Setup: The guys are walking out of school. Virgil has been coming up with ideas all day about how to solve their time traveling problems, all of them rejected by Charlie and Zeke. Virgil: How about we- Charlie: No Virgil: Then, why don't we- Zeke : No. Virgil: Well, then let's- Charlie : Nope Virgil: Come on, guys! Just give me a chance! Zeke : Dude, no offense, but your ideas are getting really bizarre. Charlie: Yeah, and the most reasonable idea you've suggested was the containing the vortex in a vehicle like they do in the movies, and even that wouldn't work. Virgil: Why not? It sounds like it could work. Charlie: It might, but there are still a ton of unanswered questions. How would we contain the vortex? What if something goes wrong and we can't get out? Besides, there's still the unsolved problem of preventing another black hole. Virgil: How can you even be sure that... Wait a sec... Zeke: Oh no... Virgil: Charlie, didn't you say in order to time travel, we have to create a rift in the space-time continuum? Charlie: Yes... Virgil: And all those rifts didn't disappear like you expected, but combined to make the black hole... Zeke: Verge, what's your point? Virgil: If the rifts don't close naturally, can't we find a way to close them ourselves? Charlie: (smiling, slightly sarcastic and condescending) Way to go, Einstein. Virgil: Wait – You figured that out already? Charlie: Yep, about a week ago, just after I was locked in the vending machine by two particular someones. (Gives them an accusing look) Virgil: Yeah, sorry about that. You got rid of that Charlie clone, right? Charlie: Of course I did. Zeke: You know, you might've told us this earlier. Charlie: I didn't want you to get your hopes up before I was sure. Virgil: Well why not? Charlie: It's not just the matter of what to do, but how to do it. I've been running tests and computer simulations, but I've had no luck finding a method so far. I haven't found any other way to eliminate the problem, so if we can't figure this out, then the Minutemen are history. Virgil: I think the tern nonexistent history would be better. Zeke: You always have to be so technical. Virgil: Well then, I suggest you keep working. Have fun. [Later, Virgil and Charlie are driving home. Charlie is talking endlessly about the possible ways to modify the machine to fix the problem, while Virgil is lost in thought.] Charlie: - so, I think if we're able to make the modifications, we can make the machine multi-task so it'll close the rift while we are sent through time, and we'll be able to time travel again with no problem. I can't see another way to – Virgil? Verge? Have you been listening at all? Virgil: (snapping out of deep thought) Whoa, sorry. Got distracted. Charlie: Obviously. As I was saying, I can't see another way to do this, so if, just if, this idea doesn't work, then we've got either few or no more options. [Virgil pulls up to Charlie's house.] Charlie: I'll call you later when I have an answer. Virgil: Yeah. Good luck. [Late at night, in Virgil's bedroom. Virgil is waiting for Charlie to call. When the phone finally rings, Virgil picks up.] Virgil: Charlie? What's up? Charlie: (in his bedroom, sitting at a computer) Verge, I entered in all the formulas, and I'm waiting for the numbers, which shouldn't take too long. I just- (computer makes beeping sound) one sec- (opens up the data) alright, let's – (freezes and stares at the screen without a word. Virgil is waiting on the other end) Virgil: Charlie? Are you still there? What's the verdict? Charlie: Not good. Scene 4 Setup: Summerton high. The guys, shocked at the results, are talking about the time traveling issues. Charlie: I don't know what it is, guys. None of the numbers make any sense. I've never had this problem before. Virgil: Probably because all your inventions always work without a hitch. (Hint of sarcasm) Charlie: Well, whatever it is, if we want to keep using the machine, we need more expertise from an outside source. Zeke: English, please? I don't speak nerd. Charlie: We need someone else to help us. Virgil: We just need find an outcast uber-nerd. Not that hard. Charlie: Virgil, we can't just – excuse me? Virgil : Never mind. Charlie: Okay - anyway, we need someone really smart; someone who could figure something like this out. Zeke: Okay, that narrows down our options a bit. To about, no one, I think. Charlie: There's must be someone. Zeke: (sarcastically) Okay, sure. I'll just grab another one of the kids who skipped three freaking grades. Virgil: (Walking around, trying to think.) Who the heck would be smarter than Charlie? (Gets an idea) I got it! (Points to a girl getting books out of her locker) Her. Charlie: Great... and who might that be? Virgil : She, my friends, is Karli Clemmons, an overachiever in the junior class. She's perfect for what we need. Charlie: Are you sure? Virgil: Charlie, do you hear yourself? She's won 3 science fairs, and in her most recent project she cloned insects, and she's gotten straight A's since 1st grade. Plus, she's the only other person in the entire school besides you who's skipped grades! She'll be perfect! Charlie: I'm just wondering how she'll handle this whole thing. She may be smart, but she'll also need common sense, something that some geniuses lack. Besides, think of the dangers. Think of the black hole! Do we really want to bring her into this? Virgil: Well, considering she's one of the smartest people we know, I think we should. Zeke: And remember, she can always say no. Charlie: Well... (Bell rings, Charlie sighs) let's talk to her after school. [After school, Karli is walking out of school when the guys see her and sprint after her] Virgil : Karli! Hey Karli, wait up! (Karli turns around) Karli: Huh? (Rather confused) Virgil: Karli, we- Karli: You're Virgil Fox, right? Virgil: Yeah. Karli: (looking at Charlie and Zeke) And you're Charlie Tuttle and Zeke Thompson? (They nod) Charlie: We have a favor we need to ask. Karli: Is this related to that time travel project you were talking about? [The guys exchange panicky looks.] Virgil: Um, could we talk about this somewhere else? Karli: (looking a bit confused)Ok... [The guys and Karli walk down to the door for room 77. Karli sits on a chair nearby while the guys talk with her] Charlie: At lunch, you were eavesdropping! Karli: No, you were just talking way too loud. A little FYI, if you want to keep a secret, you should keep your voices down. Charlie: What exactly did you hear? Karli : Just the words time travel. Is this for some school project, or something? Virgil: Well, not exactly. Look, there's a whole story to it, and I don't think you'll believe it- Karli: Try me. Virgil: Ok... well it all started... [5 minutes later.] Karli: Okay, let me get this straight. You expect me to believe that you invented a \"time machine,\" and you want me to help you \"improve it\", so another \"black hole\" won't occur? (With finger quotes) Virgil: Yeah, that's pretty much it. Charlie: So, are you in or not? Karli: You show me this time machine and prove that it works. Then we'll talk. Virgil: Well, that's easy enough. [The guys open the door and take her in to room 77. Karli eyes the machine doubtfully] Karli: You time travel with that piece of junk? How's it supposed to run? Charlie: Like this. (He sits down, fires up the machine, and the vortex is emitted from the projector. Karli stares at it in awe) Karli: How the heck did you do this? Virgil: Charlie's brains and Zeke's hardware skills. Karli: What about you? Virgil: I just helped. Karli: So, how's it work? Charlie: (powers down the machine) We'll show you. [A minute or two later, the guys are suited up. Charlie shows Karli how to turn on the machine and the guys get into position to jump back] Karli : What's with the snowsuits? Charlie : When you time travel, it gets really cold. They're also for identity protection. Virgil: All right Kar, fire it up. (Karli turns on the machine, the vortex reappears) Charlie : Great first try. Karli : Thanks. I learn quite quickly. (Matter-of-factly) Virgil: That's why we called you in to help us. Now if you'll excuse me... (Runs and jumps into vortex) Yeeha! (twists out of sight) Karli: (looking stunned, to Charlie) Is he nuts? Charlie: Nope (jumps after him after him along with Zeke) Karli: This is insane! [The guys are spat out of the vortex, land on the mattress and boxes, and get up.] Charlie: So, what do you think? Are you in? Karli: (matter-of-factly) I think what you're doing is crazy and suicidal. (Pauses, then smiles) Count me in. Virgil [voiceover]: So we finally had our girl. Easy part, over. Now came the tricky part.[Chapter 3] Scene 5 Setup: Charlie's bedroom. Karli is running tests and more tests on Charlie's computer, while the guys wait for the verdict. Karli: This isn't getting anywhere fast, but I do have one verdict for you. Zeke: Good news or bad news? Karli: The latter. Using the machine to time travel AND close rifts isn't going to be possible. (guys groan) Charlie: (sarcastically) Lovely. Is there anything else we could do? Karli: (focused on the computer screen, typing at the same time) Maybe, but in order to seal the rifts, you need to reverse the flow of the vortex, which would make it dangerously unstable. That would disrupt the machine internally, and you guys could be literally eaten alive by it, or worse. Even if that doesn't happen, you'll have one busted time machine on your hands. If you want to keep traveling safely, you're going to need a separate machine... wait a sec... Zeke: (Under his breath to Virgil.) Why have I come to dread those words? Virgil: I don't know. Why? Zeke: Because a far-fetched and crazy idea tends to follow. Virgil: Oh. Karli: Charlie, you mentioned that you have some kind of remote pack that you sealed the black hole with, right? Charlie: Yeah... Karli: And wasn't the black hole kind of like a huge rift? Charlie : Umm... ya, I guess you can say that. Karli: So, what you did with the black hole, isn't that sort of what we're doing here? On a smaller scale, of course. Charlie: Wait – are you saying we can use that remote pack to close the rifts? Karli: Possibly. Let me just run that through the computer. (lots of typing, Karli watches screen, Charlie attentive over her shoulder) Hmm... Virgil: Well? Karli: Guys... We're going to need to test it to be sure, but I think this will work. (smiles) Guys: YES! (guys celebrate) Karli: But, we'll need to make a new machine. If we use the remote pack, we'll fry it after a few runs. [Next day, the guys are down in room 77, looking impatient. Karli enters, frazzled and running.] Karli: Hey guys! Sorry that I'm late. Charlie: Let's get started then. (Pull a 4th chair to a table covered in large art paper, starts drawing and explaining what he's drawing) [Later, they have the machine drawn out in blueprints. Zeke examines the drawing.] Charlie: I think that's all we're going to need to alter. You guys think this will work? Zeke: Well, looking at this as a whole... I think we can do this. Virgil: Great. (Pulls out the remote pack and drops it on the table) Let's get started. [Everything goes well, until the second day. Charlie is installing a high volt generator that works as the support battery. When Karli notices that he is only using a small wire to connect it to the rift closer, she comes over to tell him off] Karli: Are you crazy? Charlie: What? Karli: You're only using one wire to connect the battery to the machine! That wire's going to fry when we turn it on! Charlie: Uh, no, it won't. Karli: It's not meant to take that type of voltage! Charlie: We won't be putting out the maximum voltage. We're only going to need half of what this thing can dish out. Karli: You never know! We might need more then you think, and you also need to factor in heat and all other types of variables! You need to use a stronger wire, and a converter so if the wire fails, it doesn't fail all over the board. Charlie: Karli, I don't need a converter! This thing will hold! Karli: But if it fails, we lose half the power, computers shut of, and the vortex goes screwy! Charlie: We don't need to worry! Besides, where am I going to get thicker wire? It's not cheap! Karli: Splurge, because we need thicker wire! Charlie: I repeat for the last time, we won't need it for the voltage output we're dealing with! [Meanwhile, Virgil and Zeke are talking.] Virgil: Do you even know what they're arguing about? Zeke: I missed the first part of it. You? Virgil: No, and I don't even think I even want to know. Karli: Charlie, it's gonna fry! Charlie: No it won't! Karli: Yes it will! Charlie: No it won't! Karli: Yes it will! Charlie: No it won't! Karli: Yes it will! Charlie: No it won't! Virgil: Both of you, shut up! [Karli and Charlie stop, and look over at Virgil] Virgil: I don't know what you two are arguing about, but what ever it is, just leave it. Zeke: I agree. Charlie: HA! 3 to 1! You lose! Karli: Okay, fine. (With attitude) But when that wire fries, and the whole machine gets wrecked, don't come crying to me. [Over the next day and a half or so, the guys and Karli alter the rift-closing machine. The tweaking results in an almost overhaul, making the machine slightly bigger and more powerful. On day two, Charlie is finishing up with programming the computer.] Charlie: All right, then. Does it look good, Karli? Karli: I'd say we're good to go. I want to rig up the system so that when the time machine is shut off, the rift-closer will start up automatically. Plus, I want to run a few tests before you start jumping, just to get any bugs out. But before we rig up the automatic startup, I want to start it manually to make sure it even works. Charlie : (Starts up the time machine) We'll just need to let that sit for a moment, and then we'll have ourselves a rift to close. [Virgil notices his suit in the corner and gets an idea. He goes for the suit, and while the others are talking and don't notice, he slips it on and gets in position to jump.] Karli: I really hope this works. Charlie: Want a bet over if the wire holds? Karli: Sure. Charlie: Okay, here's the deal: If we run this thing three times, and the wires stay fine, you pay me ten bucks. If it fries, then I pay you ten bucks and pay damages. Karli: Deal. Charlie : Wait, if we want to be sure that we've created a rift, why don't we just have someone - (Virgil jumps into the vortex and lets out a distorted yell) – jump back. (Sighs) I'll never understand him. (The guys wait a few seconds, and Virgil comes out of the vortex. Karli sits down at the controls of the rift-closer.) Karli: Okay Charlie, you can power down whenever. (Charlie shuts off the time machine, and the rift-closer starts up) Here we go. 3…2…1… [Karli begins typing commands into the computer, and hits the enter button. The machine begins to whirr, until…THUD!] Charlie: Shut it off! [Karli shuts off the machine.] Virgil: What happened? Zeke: I think something broke. Virgil: (sarcastically) Ya think? Karli: Let me take a look. Oh, and Charlie, that doesn't count as a run. Charlie: Shoot! [Karli slides under the new machine, and starts fiddling with controls. Then, she notices a red lever near the mass of cables.] Karli: Hey Zeke! You know the small red lever by all the wires? Zeke: Yeah? Karli: Did you flip it while you were working on the underside? Zeke: Uh, no. Karli: That's our problem, then. Charlie: See? It wasn't the battery! Karli: Charlie, that wasn't even a proper run! Zeke: Just flip the lever already! Karli: Okay, okay! Sheesh! [Karli flips the lever, and then slides out from under the machine.] Karli: Okay, now lets try this again. [She sits back down at the controls] Karli: 3…2…1…start. [She starts typing commands into the computer again, and the machine begins to whirr again.] [A rift, somewhat like what the black hole looked like on the opposite side of it, appears right over where the vortex just was and the new machine emits a 2nd vortex, which shoots up into the rift and begins to stabilize and close the rift. Karli is looking at the monitor, watching the progress and holding her breath.] Virgil: Wow. [After a few seconds, the process is complete, the hole disappears, and Karli shuts off the machine. The guys look at each other, completely baffled.] Charlie: (stunned)W-we did it! (They all celebrate.) Karli: But we still have two more runs! Charlie: I know! Virgil [voiceover]: So we finally did it. The last time I had felt this happy, I was watching the time machine run for the first time. At that moment the Minutemen were reborn. Well, reborn to us, I guess. [The next day after school, Virgil is in the library working on homework when Stephanie walks in.] Stephanie: Hey Verge! Virgil: Hey Steph! What's up? Stephanie: Can we talk for a sec? Virgil: (looks up from homework) Oh, yeah, sure. What about? Stephanie: Remember? Virgil: Ah, yes. (Glances down) Stephanie: What happened? You and Derek have been friends for, like, ever. I know you haven't spoken since the Incident, but why? Virgil: You said it yourself. The Incident. Stephanie: (exasperated) Don't tell me you're still blaming him? He tried to help you! Virgil: Look; did you hear exactly what he said that day? Stephanie: I don't know, I think it was like \"We shouldn't do that...\" Virgil: But did you hear the rest? Stephanie: No, I guess not. Virgil: Exactly. You need to know the whole story. And I know the whole story. Stephanie: And just what might that be? [Virgil looks around the room, then whispers in her ear] Stephanie: What? There is no way- Virgil: I'm telling you, that's what happened. Stephanie : (doubting) Well, why didn't this get mentioned, I don't know, a few years ago? You could've saved yourself some grief. Virgil : Because I didn't know about it myself until recently. Stephanie : Well then, how did you find out? Virgil : I... umm... found a... film of that practice... for the... college scouts looking for players. It was kinda grainy because it had been in storage, but I heard him say it well enough. Stephanie : Honestly... Virgil... Virgil : I'm serious. I know what I heard! Stephanie : Well then, can you show me this tape? Virgil : Um... the problem is... Stephanie : Yes? Virgil : I... broke it trying to get it out of the machine. You know me. I break stuff. Stephanie : Amen to that. Remember my old DVD player? Virgil : You mean what's left of it. I'm surprised that your dad let me back into your house! Stephanie : Me too! You should've seen his face! Virgil: I did see his face! Oh man! [The two start giggling quietly, until Stephanie turns back to the topic.] Stephanie: But seriously, he said that? Virgil: Yes. Lipstick. He never even came close to help me. And that's why I called him a jerk. (Awkward pause) Stephanie: Wow. Are you positive? Virgil: Would I tell you this if I wasn't? Stephanie: No, I guess not. (Sighs) I can't believe he lied to you and Charlie. And to me! Virgil: Neither can I. Charlie: (from out in the hall) Virgil! [Charlie rushes in] Virgil: Charlie? What's going on? Charlie: We need you you-know-where for you-know-what with you-know-who! Now! Virgil: (confused) What? Charlie: Come on! Time is of the essence! Virgil: Oh! Right! (Starts to get up from chair and grabs his stuff) Uh, Stephanie, I gotta go, but we can talk later- Stephanie: (confused) That works, I guess. (Charlie pulls Virgil out of the room, Stephanie stares after them, looking confused. She then walks away, rolling her eyes.) Virgil [voiceover]: I didn't feel comfortable lying to Stephanie. But, considering that Charlie would have my head if I told her the truth, I suppose it was all for the best. Besides, I only had two minutes to consider the conversation when I realized that we had an even bigger problem on our hands. Scene 6 Setup: Minutemen headquarters. Karli is working with the controls of the rift-closing machine, and Zeke is doing some internal repair work on it. The machine is smoking and small pieces have detached. Karli: (resting her forehead in her palm) Hopeless. Absolutely hopeless. How's it going down there Zeke? Zeke: (sighs) I might have something... Karli: (starts typing again, muttering in frustration) Beyond hopeless. [As soon as she starts typing, a wire on the rift closer sparks and shorts out. Then her data screen is messed upon the computer.] Karli: Oh, come on! [Karli grabs a pair of pliers and starts repairing the broken wire.] Karli: Stupid, rotten, piece of- [Karli looks up in mid sentence, and sees Virgil and Charlie staring at her.] Karli: Um, hi! Sorry. Virgil: Okay, I'm here. What's this problem Charlie's been ranting about? Karli: Um, we're, uh, having some issues with the machine and – well- Virgil: (sighs) What blew up this time, Kar? Karli: (Trying to look chipper) Blew up? Nothing, nothing blew up, it's just that- (sharp breath, speaks fast) I-tested-the-machine-and-it-went-crazy. (Stares at the ground, embarrassed.) Virgil: What? Karli: You heard me. I tried running the machine a few minutes ago, and it went berserk. Virgil: Berserk how? Charlie: Berserk as in the vortex went completely unstable. Karli: Charlie, that makes it sound too uneventful. Virgil: What? But it worked perfectly yesterday! Karli: Well, it worked the opposite of perfect today. Crazy vortex, some parts blown off, and some wires even fried! By the way, Charlie, you'll need to get another monitor for computer number 3. [Karli points to a computer that fell to the floor.] Virgil: Is this even safe to keep doing? [Zeke slides out from under the machine.] Zeke: One we get the repairs made, we'll be fine. We just didn't cover some of the crucial principles of the internal hardware when we built the thing. (Slides back under the rift closer] Virgil: Sorry, I don't speak hardware guy. Karli: He means we built the thing too fast, and we skipped over some stuff. It's all repairable, though. Virgil: What about the time machine? Karli: Nothing happened to it. Virgil: What about the vortex problem? Karli: I don't know what happened there, and neither does Zeke. I think I have a way to fix the vortex problem, though. I designed this stabilizer that fits onto the machine. (holds up a sketch of a tiny object about the size of a baseball) Zeke's working on it now. It should solve our problems, but… wait a minute. [Karli reaches under and pulls out the backup battery. The wire, which Charlie claimed would have held, has melted and is still smoking.] Virgil: I think that's your problem. Karli: Ha! You lose! (Points at Charlie) Charlie: It didn't hold? No! Karli: I told you it wouldn't hold! The voltage output from the battery was more then we thought. Pay up! [Charlie digs into his pocket and pulls out ten bucks. He gives it to Karli.] Charlie: There! Karli: And you have to pay for repairs. Charlie: Where am I getting the money for repairs? Karli: Cut grass, clean the garage, win the Nobel… you'll think of something. Virgil: So what were you saying before your newest discovery? Karli: Okay, well once we get all this straightened out, most of our problems should be neutralized. But because this is such a delicate and dangerous operation, I'm going to need to keep all eyes on the rift-closing machine and bag the automatic startup. Virgil: Okay. So? Karli: So, if my focus is on the rift closer, then I can't control the time machine. And if I can't control the time machine, then one of you guys need to. That is, unless you get someone else in on this. Zeke: What if we ask Jeanette again? She did well last time. Karli: You got Jeanette last time? Charlie: Yeah, why? Karli: She's my best friend! At least I won't have to hide awkward secrets from her. Zeke: Okay, so are we good with her helping out? Virgil: That works for me. Karli: Works for me too. Charlie? Charlie: Uhhh... Karli: Well, like it or not, she's probably coming down here. Charlie: How do you know that? Karli: Saw her asking about your \"club\". She'll likely be down here any minute. [As Karli is saying that, the door creaks open, and Jeanette walks in.] Jeanette: Hi guys! [Karli gives them an \"I told you so\" look] Virgil: Hey Jeanette! What brings you down here? Jeanette: I was looking for a club to join, and I saw yours on Vice Principal Tolkan's list, the Back to the Future fan club. I absolutely love that movie! Virgil: (whispers to Charlie) Wow. Déjà vu. Jeanette: What? Virgil: Nothing. Jeanette: So, are there still places for members? Charlie: Well, this really isn't a club. Jeanette: It isn't? Virgil: Yes. I mean no. I mean, we're sort of working on a project, but we could use your help with it. Jeanette: Like, a project for school? Virgil: Extracurricular. Charlie: (whispers to Virgil in a sarcastic tone) Wow, I didn't know you knew that big of a word. Virgil: (whispers back) Shut up. Jeanette: Okay. What kind of help do you need? [Metal thunk comes from the machine as a piece falls off and lands on Zeke.] Zeke: Ow! Stupid piece of junk! Karli: (glares at Zeke) Take a seat and we'll tell you the rest. (Shows her the operator's chair) [A few minutes later, Jeanette is at the controls of the time machine, and Karli is at the controls of the rift closer. Charlie and Virgil are giving Jeanette instructions on the operation of the time machine, and Karli and Zeke are finishing up on the rift closer. Karli is typing commands into the computer, and Zeke is under the rift closer, belly up.] Virgil: (to Jeanette) So, you got that all? Jeanette: Yeah, but how do you time travel with this? Charlie: You'll see. Hey Zeke, are you done over there? Zeke: Yep, I just need to – (hits his head again) Ugh! Not again! (Crawls out while holding his head) I'm okay - ahh! (Slips and falls on a sheet. Virgil, Charlie and Jeanette watch with weird looks on their faces, and Karli is suppressing laughter. When he gets up, he glares at them.) What are you looking at? Karli: Okay guys and girls, we're good to go. Fire away, Jeanette. [Jeanette starts the machine with a doubtful look on her face. The machine whirrs to life and the projector shoots out the vortex. Jeanette stares in awe.] Charlie: There's your answer, Jeanette. Jeanette: What the heck! Virgil: So you'll help us? Jeanette : Duh! Who wouldn't want to? But I still don't get why you need me. Karli: Since our automatic startup rig failed, I can't maintain both machines at once. Hey, can you power it down? Jeanette: Sure. [Jeanette, like she had done it millions of times, shuts down the machine.] Charlie: Well? Jeanette : (turns towards the 3 guys) You've got yourselves a deal. Karli: Great! So that just leaves one thing. Charlie: Huh? Karli: Hello? The battery! And the repairs! Charlie: Oh, right. Karli: I know where we can find the converter, but we're going to need wire about twice as thick at the original stuff, and I don't know where to find that. Zeke: I think I know a place where we can. But it might be tricky getting what we need.[Chapter 4] Scene 7 Setup: Outside the auto shop room, Virgil and Zeke are plotting how to get the wire. Zeke is looking into the shop. Zeke: Okay, no one's there. Come here. [Virgil comes over to his side and looks in. Zeke points to a cabinet on the far wall.] Zeke: You see that cabinet over there? That's where the wire is. I need you to go in there and grab the thickest wire on the top shelf. Virgil: Got it. Zeke: Oh, and you'll need a stool to get to it. Virgil: Okay. Zeke: Oh, and the stool wobbles, so be careful. Virgil: Can we just get the wire already? Zeke: Okay, Go! [The two run in to the shop, and Virgil grabs the stool. He climbs up on it, and looks for the wire. Zeke is keeping watch.] Zeke: (Whispers) Hurry up! Virgil: I'm getting there! [Virgil looks feels around for the wire, until he finally finds it. He pulls out a large amount of thick, rolled up wire.] Virgil: I got it! [Suddenly, he looses balance and falls to the floor.] Virgil: Ow! [Zeke comes over to help him up.] Zeke: (Whispers) Shush, someone might… [Zeke picks up the sound of someone's approaching footsteps.] Tolkan: One moment Miss Carrol, I think there's someone in the Auto shop. [Zeke shoves Virgil into a closet and grabs a toaster. He pretends to be working on fixing it. Then, Tolkan walks in.] Tolkan: Oh! Mr. Thompson! What are you doing in here? Zeke: I needed to fix this toaster. [Tolkan looks around the room, and notices the open cabinet.] Tolkan: Why is the cabinet open? Zeke: I needed some new wire for part of the inside. Tolkan: Really? Zeke: Yep. Tolkan: Do you mind if I watch you fix it? I've been having trouble with my toaster lately. Just yesterday, it started burning my toast all the time instead of toasting it properly, and I had horrible stomachaches, which make working very hard. [While Tolkan is talking, Virgil sneaks out of the closet and out the door with the wire.] Zeke: (looking inside the toaster) Actually, it looks like I need a pair of mini pliers to fix this, and the school doesn't have any, so I guess I'll just take this home with me. [Zeke shuts the cabinet door and grabs the toaster.] Zeke: Have a good evening, sir. Tolkan: You too, Mr. Thompson. Good luck with the toaster. Zeke: Thanks. [Zeke walks out of the room, and walks casually down the hallway. Then he meets up with Virgil] Zeke: (Whispers) Do you have it? Virgil: (Whispers back) I got it. Why do you have a toaster? Zeke: Don't worry about it. Just go! Virgil: Okay! [The two of them sprint back to Room 77.] Virgil: Yes! We made it! Karli: Did you get the wire? Virgil: Right here. [Virgil hands her the wire.] Karli: This looks good… but you guys got the wrong size. Virgil: WHAT?! Karli: I'm just kidding! This wire's just fine. [Virgil breathes a sigh of relief.] Karli: Zeke, why are you holding a toaster? Zeke: Hey, be glad it's not a detention slip instead! Jeanette: Did it really go that bad? Virgil: Tolkan almost busted us. Zeke: The toaster was a cover story. In other words, we got really lucky. Virgil: Yeah, we are not doing that again! Karli: You guys won't have to. Besides the wire, we can get the rest of the stuff cheap. Charlie: (Annoyed) But I'm still paying for it. Karli: Hey, a bet is a bet. Charlie: Yeah, yeah, whatever. Karli: Now let's get to work on this thing. [The 5 start on the repairs. The next day, the machine is ready. Karli comes up to the others in between classes.] Karli: Hey guys, let's test the you-know-what after school today. Zeke: Actually, I can't make it. My dad needs me at the shop. Charlie: Neither can I. Jeanette and I are going to the aviary. Virgil: And I'm driving them. Karli: Okay. How about I test it, and I tell you about it later? Virgil: That works. Karli: Okay, talk to you later. [The bell rings for class, and the guys go where they need to go.] [Later, Virgil gets back from the museum and checks his email. At the top is a message from Karli. He clicks on it. It reads:] Message: Guys, we are ready for action! Virgil: Yes! Scene 8 Setup: It's the middle of the afternoon two days after recruiting Jeanette. A sophomore named Sam Wilcox, who's been considered a dork by the popular kids, is walking by the vending machines in the cafeteria and runs into some punk kids. The leader, Brad, comes forward. Brad: (mocking Sam) Oh, look guys; it's little baby Wilcox. [Brad's crew laughs.] Brad: We missed you in the bathroom yesterday, Sam. What happened? (Imitates little kid talking) Did wittle baby Sam wun home to Mommy cwying? (The guys laugh again) Sam: (summons up his courage, but clearly nervous) No, Brad. (Takes a deep breath) I didn't show up because I didn't want to. You can't tell me what to do anymore. (Pauses, Brad starts to loom over him) I'm not scared of you, Brad. Brad: (In Sam's face) Is that right? (Sam nods, but tries to keep a straight face) Well then, since you missed yesterday, why don't we make up for lost time, huh? (Grabs him by the collar) Let's go, guys! (The guys cheer and follow brad as he pulls Sam along. He whispers to Sam.) It's your lucky day, Sam. You, my friend, are about to find out what happened when you mess with Brad Anderson. [A ways down the hall, Virgil and Charlie are walking and making plans for after school.] Charlie: So I was wondering if you want to come over today. I just got this new computer program, and - (looks up, and stops talking) Oh, boy. Virgil: (looking at the same thing Charlie sees) Wow. [In the cafeteria, Brad and his buddies have hung Sam on a coat rack – by his underwear.] Sam: Come on, guys! Help me down! Please? Brad: See you later, sucker. (Walks away with the other guys laughing) Sam: Aw, man. (Vice Principal Tolkan walks by) Tolkan: Well, well, well. What do we have here? Samuel Wilcox, am I right? Looks like you got yourself in a bit of a fix. Sam: Yes! It was Brad Anderson! Please help me down! Tolkan: I would if I could, but we have a social system here that must be respected, so, hang in there. (Smiles in a smug way, then walks away. Kids are still laughing at Sam.) Charlie: Well, Verge, it looks like our afternoon is already booked. Virgil: Yep. (Ripping sound and a thud come from Sam's direction. More laughter. Virgil grimaces) Ooh, that's gotta hurt. [Down in room 77, the guys are suiting up, and the girls are setting up the machines. The guys finish and get ready to go] Virgil: Okay girls, are we ready? Jeanette: I'm good. Karli: (Typing) Give me a sec. (Hits the enter button) Ready. [Jeanette starts the machine. The guys jump into the vortex and are sucked out of sight.] Jeanette: This is so incredibly cool! Karli: I'm with you, Jeanette. [On the other side, Brad is head on with Sam.] Sam: I'm not scared of you, Brad. Brad: Is that right? Well then, since you missed yesterday, why don't we make up for lost time, huh? [Brad goes for Sam's collar, but Zeke, Charlie, and Virgil intervene. Virgil shields Sam and Zeke grabs a startled Brad by HIS collar, lifts him away, let him go, and Brad slides underneath a cafeteria chair. He stays down out of shock.] Zeke: Let's not and say you did, okay? (Looks over at Brad's group menacingly, and the guys scatter.) [The Minutemen leave the scene, and people start to cheer. The demonstration does intrigue two in particular.] Tolkan: (Walks in on the scene as the boys are leaving, eating a banana) Hmm. Interesting. (Takes a bite) Stephanie: (In the cheering crowd) Wow. Talk about being profound. (Walks over to Derek) [Back on the other side, the guys emerge. The machine shuts down, and the rift-closer starts up, and finishes quicker than usual, but no one except Karli notices this. The guys watch the rift closer until it finishes.] Virgil: Well done, guys. Well done. [After the group undresses, the guys and Karli walk upstairs, and are confronted by Chester and Eugene.] Eugene: Where have you been guys? You just missed it! Virgil: (innocently) Missed what, Eugene? Chester: Sam missed his 'session' with Brad yesterday and Brad was going to teach him a lesson, but- Eugene: These guys came out and one of them shoved Brad away. Scared the pants off him! Chester: It was awesome, man! We need more guys like them here. (Under his breath) Sure hope they stick around. Charlie: (Innocently) Really? Chester: Yeah! There were 3 guys, dressed in white snowsuits. Couldn't see their faces, though. I hear Tolkan really wants to find them. Later dudes! (Walks away) Karli: Okay, was that, how exactly did you save Sam, and what did you do to that guy?! (Catches sight of Brad during her sentence.) [Brad is jammed underneath a chair, still lying in shock.] Zeke: Whoops. I guess my aim was off. Karli: Ya think?! [Later that day] Tolkan: …so students, please do not leave any items lying out in the locker room. Finally, yesterday, a group of students dressed in white ski suits tried to stop a bully. While I applaud them for their help, please remember that if there are problems with bullies, inform one of the teachers or myself, instead, and we will take care of the situation. Will those 3 students please stop by my office today? Thank you. [Meanwhile, the guys and Karli are sitting in the library, listening to the announcements] Karli: Yeah, right. He probably wants to give you detention slips. Charlie: Hmm. That wasn't what I expected though. Virgil: What did you expect? A SWAT team? Charlie: No. More like, less kind mention, more discipline. Zeke: Why should they? Charlie: What? Karli: He's got a point, Charlie. [The guys give her a \"What are you talking about?\" look] Karli: Uh, yeah, he does. Listen. Did you do anything wrong? Against school policy? Anything at all, besides what you had to do? Virgil: Um, no. Karli: Exactly. Last time, if what you tell me is correct, you smashed up a diorama belonging to Tolkan, so he had a reason to punish you. This time, you followed restrictions. So he has no reason to discipline you. By the way, how exactly did you manage to smash a diorama? Charlie: Long story. Karli: Remind me to ask you later about it. But guys, don't be concerned about what bad that could happen. If you set your mind on a grim issue that hasn't happened, and probably won't, it's gonna come back and bite you in the rear. Don't focus on failure, or you're going to look it in the face at the worst time possible.[Chapter 5] Scene 9 Setup: By a window overlooking the football field. Zeke is sitting on the windowsill, and looks out side and sees the following scene: the football team is chasing Chester and Eugene. Eugene trips on a skateboard and falls into a trashcan. Chester looks back while running to see how far away the guys are, then turns around and runs headlong into a wall. They are picked up by the guys and carried away. Zeke turns around and makes a mental note to tell the guys. Then his phone rings. Zeke: Hello? Jeanette: Zeke? Come down to parking lot. There's something you gotta see. [60 seconds later, Zeke and Jeanette are facing a new scene; Chester and Eugene, smeared with dirt, stuck in the bushes with the football players jeering at them. The scene fades out, and goes to Room 77. The guys get dressed in their suits, and are ready to go.] Karli: Okay, guys, good luck. [Jeanette starts the machine, and the guys jump back.] [Out on the football field, the guys are being chased again. Meanwhile, the guys are in the bushes, talking strategy.] Virgil: (in a hurried manner) Okay Zeke, you take Chester. Charlie and I take Eugene. Go! [The guys go into action. Charlie and Virgil catch Eugene as he slip, and Zeke snags Chester before he hits the wall. The boys run for the parking lot, and the Minutemen dash for room 77, some students pointing and cheering.] [Later on, at Virgil's house] Karli: (laying out some blueprints) So, guys, I wanted to- Amy: (walks down while Karli is speaking) Hey Virgil, Mom says you need to – Oh you have a new friend over! Virgil: Amy, what are you doing down here? Amy: (to Karli) What's your name? Where do you live? ( Virgil: Amy, please…) How old are you? Do you go to school with Virgil? Do- Virgil: Amy, could you please leave us alone? Amy: Another one of your private meetings? Maybe I should stay. (Mischievous smile) Virgil: All right, that's it! (Grabs her and pulls her up the stairs) Amy: Let me stay! Let me stay! Virgil: Go play with your dolls, or something! (Walks back to his seat) Karli: Verge, your little sis is so cute! Virgil: Yeah, um, anyway, so what do you have for us? Karli: Just wanted to show you some modifications that we can make for the machines to make them more energy efficient. Zeke: What, do you want solar panels for it? Karli: Very funny. It's just some part modification. What do you think? Zeke: Looks doable. What's it for? Karli: I want to eliminate the backup battery on the rift closer and the time machine. It's starting to short out at bad times, and power is being unevenly disbursed. It almost ruined the flow cable the other day. Virgil: The flow cable? Karli: It's a cable on the side of the machine that contains the time flow. It controls what time you guys jump back to. [Karli points to a drawing of the flow cable on the blueprint.] Karli: The thing is, it's taking a lot of grief from the backup battery because it's so far from it, that it's one of the first parts that might go if the battery dies. If that happens while you guys are back in time, it'll leave you stranded there. If it fails when you're in the flow, you're dead. Zeke: (Sarcastically) Well, that's a pleasant thought. [Virgil's cell phone rings] Virgil: (picks up) Hello? … A kid did what? … Okay, well be there. (Hangs up) We've got another job. Scene 10 Setup: The cafeteria. The 3 guys and 2 girls are at a lunch table, and the cafeteria has been decorated with we love the Snowsuit Guys posters. Virgil [voiceover]: It's been a couple weeks since the Minutemen saved Chester and Eugene. We've become iconic among the students, and everyone wants to know who we are and how we do what we do. Everything is going just great. Virgil: Wow. This is even better than last time. Charlie: It is like last time minus the outlaw factor. Virgil: That's what I meant. Plus, Chester isn't becoming a jerk. Neither is Eugene. Stephanie: (shouting from across the cafeteria) Hey Verge! Can you come here for a sec? Virgil: (to Charlie) Gotta go. Duty calls. [Virgil stands up and goes over to Stephanie] Virgil: Hey Steph, what's up? Stephanie: Um, well, I overheard Derek talking the other day to some of the football players, and I heard him talking about you. Virgil: Aw, crud. How bad was it? Stephanie: I heard the words 'loser' and 'dork' used. Virgil: Of course. Stephanie: Anyway – Derek: (coming over from the table) Hey Steph! Jocelyn just told the funniest joke, and – oh (notices Virgil) Hello, Virgil. Virgil: (coldly) Hello, Derek . Derek: (turns attention to Stephanie) So, anyway, are you coming back over? Stephanie: In a minute. (Derek walks away) I can't believe he's still doing this. Virgil: So, um, anyway, what do you think of the Snowsuit Guys? Stephanie: Oh my gosh, those guys totally rock. Virgil: Really? Stephanie: Are you kidding? We need more guys like them in this world. I wish they'd just tell us who they are. Virgil: Well, I do know one thing about them that other people don't. [Charlie and Zeke overhear him, and shoot death glares at Virgil.] Stephanie : Really? What is it? Virgil: I believe they call themselves the Minutemen. Stephanie: The…Minutemen? Okay, I'll pass that on. Bye, Verge! [Stephanie walks off, and Virgil sits back down.] Charlie: (sarcastically) Thanks for the heart attack Virgil. I really appreciate it. Virgil: Hey! It came up, and it was the perfect opportunity – Karli: Uh, guys? I, uh, have a little, ah, something to, uh… Zeke: Spit it out, Karli. Karli: Well, it's, uh, about the time traveling. Charlie: (lets out exasperated sigh) What blew up on the machine this time? Karli: Blew up? Nothing, nothing blew up. Jeanette: Then, what is it? Karli: Well, this was sort of to be expected, but there were some guys I overheard the other day talking about you. Virgil: About us, or about the Minutemen? Karli: The Minutemen. But, these guys, they're trying to blow your cover. (To Virgil) And I believe your good old friend Derek is among them. Virgil: (Sarcastically) Wonderful. Zeke: Well, then, what should we do about it? Karli: There really isn't anything you can do. Just be extra careful when you jump back. Or, maybe you should just lie low for a while. Charlie: I vote we take some time off. We deserve a break. Virgil: A break? But – Zeke: I agree. [Later that day, the 5 are walking out of the building. Some workmen are doing patchwork on the roof, and are tearing out some old chunks of concrete.] Charlie: So we're all agreed over this break? Virgil: I guess. Oh, look. (looking at workmen on roof) They finally got to fixing the roof. (walks off to his car) [Closer to the building, Derek and Stephanie are walking out of the building, almost directly under the worksite.] Derek: Ooh, better be careful waling underneath that. Virgil [voiceover]: I was kind of disappointed when we went on the break. It got me wondering when we would use the machine again. But my questions would be satisfied sooner then I expected.[Chapter 6] Scene 11 Setup: The next day, which happens to be Saturday, at the Fox household. Virgil gets up from bed and takes a look at the paper. The headlines scream \"Student Injured by Falling Concrete at Summerton High\" Virgil: Oh, no. [Virgil scans the page, looking for the name of the injured student. The student ends up being Stephanie.] Virgil: Oh, no! Please, no! [Virgil rushes upstairs, gets changed, and drives to the hospital. At the hospital, Virgil practically runs up to the front desk] Virgil: (to the receptionist) I'm here to see a patient. Receptionist: Name? Virgil: Stephanie Jameson. Receptionist: Miss Jameson is not in a state to receive visitors right now. You may be able to see her in a few days. Virgil: Thank you. [Virgil walks out of the hospital and pulls out his cell phone, and punches in a number. Someone immediately picks up.] Virgil: Hello, Mr. Tuttle? May I speak to Charlie, please? [2 hours later, the 3 guys and 2 girls are at Charlie's house, in his room.] Charlie: Virgil, why do you always throw out mission ideas at times like these? What about the words 'well deserved break' do you not understand? Don't you remember what happened last time? Virgil: Charlie, last time it was the FBI. This time, it's only a group of teenagers. Charlie: Teenagers who want to expose us! Virgil: Listen, Charlie, we need to help her. This isn't just a broken leg; it's a crippling injury. Charlie: I repeat the words creepy crush once again. Virgil: Charlie, I went to the hospital today. Jeanette: How bad is she? Virgil: How should I know? They wouldn't let me see her. They said that she wasn't fit to take visitors. Zeke: Dude, that's bad. Karli: How so? Zeke: They only say that when someone's either grotesquely injured, or they're in a coma. Charlie: It could also mean that she doesn't want visitors. Karli: Charlie, this isn't something we can take a chance with. You guys need to help. Charlie: Why? Karli: If you don't help her, everyone's going to be taking about it. They'll want to know why you didn't help her. And that will fuel the motivation to unmask you. If it comes to that, if and when they do, Derek's gonna be mad, especially because Stephanie's his girlfriend. Charlie: (sighs) Okay, fine. But I still see danger here. Danger for us. Karli: No argumentthere. Virgil: What do you mean, danger? Charlie: And I thought you were the one that read that article. Karli: Do you not know what the words roof collapse mean? It means not so small chunks of concrete raining down on your head. When one of you pushes Stephanie out of the way, if you miscalculate by one second, you'll be the one lying on a hospital gurney instead of her. Charlie: And there's the small issue that none of us actually witnessed the critical moment. So if we do this, we'll be improvising the whole time. Virgil: (annoyed) Charlie, stop making such a big deal out of all this. Only one chunk of concrete fell, and there are some bushes near the place where the work was being done that we can hide in. It won't be that hard. Charlie: Yes, it will be! Virgil, this isn't just someone humiliating himself or herself. This is a situation when someone obtains a crippling, maybe fatal injury! It's dangerous! I refuse to stick my neck in the noose for her until we have a concrete plan of action! Virgil: First of all, you won't be the one catching her. Zeke: Verge, I am not going to risk breaking my spine. Virgil: I wasn't talking about you. I'll be the one to catch her. Second, Charlie, I have no objection to your concrete plan idea. Charlie: Virgil, we cannot make a complete plan of action that is accurate and safe in 24 hours. Plus, it's Saturday! How are we supposed to get into the school? Karli: Why only 24 hours? Charlie: Because the machine only goes back 48 and a day's already passed. Karli: Oh, you don't have to worry about that. Charlie: Dare I ask why not? Karli: Didn't I tell you? When we built the rift closer, I had to make some modifications to the time machine. While I was making the mods, I noticed the 48-hour restraint in the program. So I fiddled with it a little. Virgil: And? Karli: Let's just say that the restraint is no more. [All the guys go silent for a minute out of shock.] Jeanette: Seriously? Karli: Yep. Now you can go back as far as you want. But you can't go forward. Not yet. Charlie: How in the world were you able to pull that off? Karli: Just change some wires connections and computers settings, really. Oh, and modify some parts. Virgil: Can we return to the matter at hand? Since we have the restraint out of the way, we can take more time to plan this, right? Karli: Verge, take as much time as you need. Virgil: So, what do you say, Charlie? Are you in? Charlie: Yep. Virgil: Zeke? Zeke: I'm your man. Virgil: All right then. Let's do it. Scene 12 Setup: After 3 days of planning, the Minutemen have a plan, and are ready to go. After school, the 5 meet in room 77, ready to move. Jeanette and Karli take the controls, and fire up the machine. Jeanette: Be back quick, okay? Virgil: No problem. (Jumps into the vortex and disappears. The other 2 follow him) [Back in the past, the scene plays out. Stephanie walks out of the school with Derek, and Derek looks up.] Derek: Ooh, better be careful waling underneath that. [Derek and Stephanie walk towards the parking lot, but ten seconds later; Stephanie noticed that she forgot something.] Stephanie: Wait! I dropped my purse! [Meanwhile over in the bushes, the guys are ready to move.] Zeke: (to Virgil) Okay buddy, you ready? Virgil: Ready as I'll ever be. [Stephanie is picking up her purse, when the chunk of the roof falls out.] Workmen: Watch out! Charlie: Now, Virgil! [Stephanie looks up, and Virgil leaps from the bushes. He shoves he out of the way seconds before the rock falls exactly where Stephanie's purse was. Derek, upon seeing this, rushes over to help her.] Derek: Steph! [Stephanie, still on the ground, looks up at Virgil's masked face.] Stephanie: I'm not sure who you are, but…thanks. [Virgil nods silently, and runs for the school entrance. Derek run up to Stephanie, closely followed by Vice Principal Tolkan, who had seen the whole incident. Derek helps her up.] Derek: Stephanie! Are you okay? Stephanie: I'm fine. Thanks to the Minutemen. Tolkan: The Minute who? Stephanie: Minutemen. That's their name. Derek: Who told you that? Stephanie: (smiling) A good friend. [Immediately, Stephanie is surrounded by students, asking if she's okay, and if they knew who those guys were.] [On the other side, the 3 guys are spit out of the vortex.] Jeanette: So? Charlie: Mission accomplished. Karli: I told you. Jeanette: Hey guys, you might want to see this. (Hands Charlie a newspaper with the headline \"Student Saved from Nasty Fate: Mysterious Students Rescue Fellow Classmate\") [Upstairs, the guys are standing by Karli's locker, reading the article.] Charlie: \"Just in the nick of time, Senior Stephanie Jameson was saved from being crushed by falling concrete.\" Virgil: \"The students responsible for Jameson's rescue remain anonymous, due to the fact they were wearing snowsuits and masks at the time of the rescue. Vice Principal Tolkan of Summerton High commented that these students have made appearances as such during the past few weeks, and that their identities remain unknown.\" Charlie: \"Tolkan comments 'We hope to see more from these heroic students in the future.'\" They're calling 'them' heroic? Derek: (walks up) It's more then what can be said for you. Virgil: (sighs) Derek, why now? Derek: My popularity has increased because the Snowsuit Guys saved my girlfriend. Virgil: So you came to shove it in out faces. Wonderful, now beat it. [As the guys speak, Stephanie walks up behind them] Derek: So, I thought I'd remind you – Stephanie: -That you're a jerk, Derek. Derek: Steph? What are you talking about? Stephanie: I'm talking about a certain incident during freshman year that you lied to Virgil about. Yes, Derek, I know about that, and you won't do anything like that to him again. Derek: Steph, I – Stephanie: We're finished, Derek. [Stephanie walks away.] Derek: Steph, wait – Stephanie keeps walking, ignoring Derek completely. Derek turns to the 3 guys and 2 girls. Virgil has a satisfied smile on his face.] Derek: You have something to do with this, don't you? Virgil: I wish. Derek: You, you, YOU GIRFRIEND STEALING DORK! [Derek makes a lunge for Virgil, but Zeke grabs him and shoves him away.] Zeke: Leave him alone, or I'll weld you to your locker! Derek: Oh, so you got a bodyguard now, huh? Virgil: Looks like you could use one yourself. [Derek, unable to think of a good comeback, is silent for a moment.] Derek: I'll get you for this, Virgil. I'll get you all. Karli: You and who's army? [Derek, once again short of a comeback, walks away.] Zeke: Kar, this is not the time to get a smart mouth. Karli: He wouldn't hit a girl. I know his type. All talk and no action. [The bell rings, and the guys go off to class.] [That day, after school, the guys are down in room 77. the guys are doing some general maintenance work on the machine. Karli and Charlie are working at the computers, Zeke is replacing some wires on the machine, and Virgil is hovering over Charlie, looking at the computers.] Karli: Hey Charlie! Can you check the files on the closure rates for the rifts? I need to do some speed checks. [Zeke is working on parts of the machine near the diving board and he starts to raise his head.] Virgil: (in a rushed fashion) Zeke, watch you head! [Zeke hits his head on the underside of the board.] Zeke: Ow! [As he hits his head, nobody notices when Stephanie sneaks in.] Stephanie: Virgil? [Everyone turns to face Stephanie, shocked to see her down there.] Virgil: (turns around) Stephanie? What are you doing here? Stephanie: I was looking for you, because I had some questions about our trig homework. Chester said you came down here, so I came looking. Virgil: How'd you get though the door? Stephanie: It wasn't locked or anything. Virgil: Really? Because I thought someone was supposed to lock it. (While saying this, he turns to look at Charlie.) [Charlie mouths 'I thought I did.' At Virgil.] Stephanie: What is that? (points at the machine) Virgil: This? This is one of Charlie's inventions. Stephanie: What's it do? Virgil: It's a… it's…uh… Charlie: It's a super powered generator. Virgil: Yeah. That. Charlie: I'm trying to make it run on all sorts of alternative fuel sources, and when I do that, we can power the school with it. Stephanie: Oh, well, that's cool. Anyway – Wait, what's that? [Stephanie points to a box in the corner that contains their suits. It's covered with a blanket, but part of one of the hood is peeking out from underneath. Stephanie walks towards it and moves to uncover it.] Virgil: Oh, that? That's nothing. Wait, don't - [Stephanie uncovers the box and sees the suits inside.] Virgil: - uncover it. Stephanie: Snowsuits? Virgil: Uh, yeah. [Stephanie takes one of the suits and holds it up. She looks at Virgil, shocked.] Stephanie: It's you guys? Virgil: (sighs) Guilty. [Awkward pause.] Stephanie: So, how do you do it? Charlie: Do what? Stephanie: You know, help everyone. How do you do it? Are you psychic, or something? Charlie: Psychic? Stephanie: That's the rumor going around. Because you guys always know when something bad is going to happen. Virgil: We'renowhere near that. Karli: Believe me, those guys aren't psychic. If they were, we would've known that you were coming. Stephanie: True. So, how do you do it? Virgil: Well… (Looks back at Charlie) Charlie : Ah, go ahead and tell her. It won't hurt. She knows half the stuff anyway, she might as well know the rest. Virgil: (to Stephanie) Okay, well, before I say anything, I think the whole sworn to secrecy thing about all of this goes with out saying. Stephanie: Definitely. Virgil: And you can't laugh at me when I tell you. Stephanie: Verge…just tell me. Virgil: Okay…well, the three of us, me, Charlie, Zeke, we, well…using this machine, we… Karli: (Annoyed) Oh, for Pete's sake Virgil, just spit it out! It's a time machine. Stephanie: A time machine? Virgil: Uh, yeah. Time machine. Stephanie: (sounding doubtful) Okay… Zeke: You want proof? Stephanie: Some proof would be nice, yes. Charlie: Jeanette, fire it up. [Jeanette starts up the machine, and the vortex appears.] Stephanie: Oh. My. Gosh. This is just- Virgil: Too cool? Stephanie: That's an understatement. [Jeanette turns off the machine.] Stephanie: So, uh, one more question. Virgil: Yes? Stephanie: Which one of you guys caught me the other day? Virgil: (smiles) Guilty again. Stephanie: Thank you, Verge. [The 2 hug each other.] Karli: (sarcastically) I'm sorry to interrupt the love fest, but Verge, we have actual work to do, so when you feel like ending this extremely romantic moment, why don't you come back over. Virgil [voiceover]: It was nice having Stephanie know about us and the machine. Now any awkwardness that might have occurred between us because of secrecy was gone. Plus, I knew she wouldn't tell anyone, because she's always been trustworthy. Believe me, I know.[Chapter 7] Scene 13 Setup: Summerton High, out at the football field. It's been a week or so since Stephanie's rescue. A group of guys are fooling around on the track, racing and shoving each other. They are being followed by a newbie, who just started to hang out with them, and used to be a nerd. This guy, not watching where he's going, runs straight into a flagpole and falls over. The guys around him start teasing him and laughing at him, saying that he's clumsy, and start cracking jokes. Over by the entrance, Karli sees the whole thing play out from a distance. Karli: Hmmm… (Walks away.) [Down in room 77, after school, the 3 guys and 2 girls are meeting. Karli and Charlie are debating over whether to help the guy or not.] Charlie: Why are you so insistent about doing this? We've only been out for a week, and you're already saying that we need to go back out. Does anyone in this room understand what a break is? Virgil: Charlie, that guy who tripped was a freshman. This could scar him for life, like us. Charlie: I thought you were over that by now. Virgil: I am! Karli: Charlie, this is the 6th incident that we've blown off already! People are staring to talk. Every time you guys ignore a problem, more people start to wonder where you are. Charlie: Exactly. And once they give up on us, then we come back. After the guys out to catch us give up. Virgil: Charlie, we are going against what we stand for with this. And those guys, they'll always be on the lookout no matter how long we sit out. So if you're going to insist that we wait until this dies down, we might as well take a sledgehammer to the machine right now. Karli: Not to mention the fact that they'll try to narrow down on how we do what we do. Charlie: What does that have to do with sitting out? Karli: (exasperated sigh) It has everything to do with it! (Points to door) Right now, everybody outside that door except Virgil's girlfriend – Virgil: She is NOT my girlfriend. Karli: Oh, whatever! The point is that except for us and one other person, everyone thinks you guys have psychic powers. What happens when you don't show up anymore? They get suspicious. They'll start to wonder how exactly you save people and if you guys really are psychic. And when they get nosey, someone's bound to figure it out. Especially when they don't have many options to work with in the first place. [Knock on the door] Stephanie: Virgil? You in there? Virgil: One second. [Virgil gets up, opens the door, and walks out where Stephanie is standing.] Virgil: What's up, Steph? Stephanie: Well, I just wanted to talk to you guys about – you know, that. (Jerks her head towards door) Virgil: Um, okay. Come on in. [Virgil opens the door and Stephanie come over to where the others are sitting.] Stephanie: Um, hi. Well, anyway, I noticed you guys have been sitting out for a while, and I was just curious why. Zeke: Charlie insists on going under until you ex-boyfriend backs off. Stephanie: Uh, bad idea. If you're going to wait that long, you might as well call it quits, because those guys will be on your tail until graduation. Virgil: That's exactly what I was going to tell Charlie. Stephanie: And, Charlie, Derek's getting nosy. He's randomly grabbing kids and trying to make them confess. He's even more fueled up because you guys have disappeared. You might cut down his investigating if you fix everything up. Jeanette: (puts her arm around Charlie) C'mon bluebird. Do you want to do this or not? Charlie: (groans) Ugh, are you guys never going to stop pushing this? Virgil: Give in and we're done. Charlie: (exasperated sigh) Okay, fine. Virgil: Yes! Charlie: (stands up, and walks around to boot up the machine as he talks) Okay, get the suits. We have 6 incidents to make up and not a lot of time. [Everyone starts moving around, getting suited up, and setting up the machines.] Karli: Uh, Stephanie, you might want to wait outside for a few minutes. Stephanie: Um, okay. (She leaves) [10 minutes later, the guys are taking a rest break.] Virgil: Okay, so what do we have left? Karli: (typing at the computer) At this point we only have the flagpole incident left. You guys ready? Zeke: Yep. [Jeanette turns on the machine, and the guys jump back. But the machine is making a weird noise.] Karli: Hey Jeanette! Do you hear that? Jeanette: Yeah. It sounds like a fizzy noise. Karli: I think the flow cable's fraying. I meant to fix that this morning. Jeanette: Is that bad? Karli: No, just give me a second to tape it up. I'll replace it later. [Karli gets out of her chair, and grabs some electrical tape. She moves in to fix a heavy-duty cable on the outside of the body of the machine. When she bends down, she grabs the frayed cable to fix it, but her hand touched the exposed wire. She is electrocuted, and she passes out, her hand still on the wire. Jeanette looks around, trying to see what's going on, clueless to what's happened.] Jeanette: Karli? You okay? [On the other side of the rift, the guys are moving in to help the guy who slammed into the pole. They run out, and Virgil grabs the guy before he hits the pole. At the very same time, Derek and his Minutemen haters spot the trio, and they head over to the scene.] Zeke: Guys they're here! Let's beat it! [The guys start running, and Virgil and Zeke are staying away from the group. But Charlie falls back and gets caught by the group. A group of bystanders start to form] Derek: (steps forward) All right then, let's see who you are. [Derek pulls off Charlie's mask as another group member pulls off his hood.] Derek: Whoa. Charlie Tuttle? Charlie: Yeah, that's right. You have a problem with that? Derek: Well, I was kind of expecting – [Zeke comes up while Derek is speaking and socks him in the stomach. Derek doubles over and his group backs up a bit.] Zeke: Drop him! [The group drops Charlie, and Charlie looks up at them.] Charlie: Guys, just…take off your masks. Virgil: What? Charlie: They'll figure it out eventually. Take them off. [After a second's hesitation, Zeke and Virgil unmask. There are several gasps from the bystanders, and Derek stares at Virgil in shock.] Derek: Verge? It…it's you? Virgil: Yeah, not that you really care. Derek: What's that supposed to mean? Virgil: You use us to boost your popularity, and this is the thanks we get? Sad. Derek: Verge, I…I don't know what to say. Virgil: I do. Jerk. Karli: You guys are gonna have a dozen more problems if you don't move right now. [The 3 guys turn around and see Karli standing at the front of the crowd.] Virgil: Karli? What are you doing here? Karli: It doesn't matter. What does matter is that you get back to where you need to go safely. Charlie: (mutters) Karli, be careful what you're saying. Karli: Oh, does it matter? They already know who you are; they might as well know the other half of the equation. This morning, I found a frayed cable on the machine, but I couldn't fix it. (looks at her watch) Right now, it is 12:39. I haven't fixed the cable yet. Charlie: What do you mean by…(realizes what she is talking about) OH. Karli: Yeah. Oh. We need to move, now. [The guys start running for the school along with Karli.] Derek: Wait! What were they saying about a machine? [The guys run through the cafeteria to the door that leads to the basement. They run all the way to room 77, and open the door. Inside, the vortex has become extremely unstable. ] Charlie: (anxious) Oh, this is not good. Karli: (runs over to the flow cable to fix it. As she speaks, the guys are checking the monitors and getting position to jump) We need to move, fast. Once you guys get back over, get control over the rift, and get Stephanie away from the room and above ground. Charlie, do you have electrical tape? Charlie: Sure. (Grabs a roll) Catch! (Throws it to her, and Karli catches it) Karli: (tapes up the cord, and the vortex begins to re-stabilize) Okay, you're good to go. Virgil: Wait! How did you know that Stephanie's waiting for us? Karli: Um… Charlie: Virgil, just go! [The guys jump and are sucked into the vortex. Just after they leave, a jolt of electricity comes out and hits Karli. It connects with her body for a few seconds, and then is sucked back into the vortex. Karli goes unconscious for a minute, and then wakes up, confused.] Karli: How did I get here? [On the other side, the guys come out of the vortex. Jeanette is struggling with the controls.] Charlie: Jeanette? Are you going to shut it down? Jeanette: I can't! It won't let me! [Charlie goes over to a monitor tracking the path of the rift.] Charlie: That's odd. It says that there are still objects coming through. Virgil: Hey Karli! Can you give us a hand? [No answer.] Virgil: Karli? Are you there? [Virgil walks around to the side where Karli is lying unconscious. He sees her body, and gasps.] Virgil: KARLI! NO! [The other guys rush up behind him.] Charlie: Oh my gosh! [Virgil tries to make a grab for her, but the guys grab him.] Zeke: Verge, no! Charlie: We can't touch her! Her hand is still on that wire! We need something to move her! Jeanette: How about this? (Tosses Charlie a broom) Charlie: Perfect. [Charlie grabs the broom and starts moving it towards Karli's unconscious form. But before he touches her, the jolt of electricity that hit Karli on the other side of the rift come out and hits Karli again.] Charlie: Aaah! (Drops the broom and backs up with the other guys) [After ten seconds, the stream of electricity ceases, and the machine shuts down. Karli starts to stir.] Karli: Mmmm… What happened? (She looks up where the guys are back up against the wall) And why are you backed up away from me like that? Virgil: Um, because a huge stream of electricity just came out of the machine and hit your already unconscious body? Karli: Um…explain, please? Virgil: That's what I was hoping you'd do. Jeanette: Are you all right? (Comes over to help Karli up.) Karli: Not really. Ow! (Looks at her hand. On it is a bad burn mark.) Charlie: What happened? (Comes over to see her hand) Oh my gosh! Karli: It's nothing. We don't need to worry about it. Virgil: Of course we do! Karli: No, we don't! Keep in mind that you guys just blew your cover! Virgil: Oh yeah. Right. Karli: You forgot in the three minutes since it happened? Virgil: Dealing with an unstable vortex and seeing one of your friends electrocuted tends to do that to you. Karli: You were barely freaking out when the vortex went ballistic. Virgil: Well…wait a minute. So it was you! Charlie: Hold it! (Pause) I think we need to hear about what each of us saw to make sense of this. Karli, tell us your side. Karli: Well, after you guys jumped back, I noticed that the flow cable was fraying. When I went to fix it, my hand hit the wire. When it did, I passed out for a second, and then I was standing outside the school. Then I saw you guys, and Charlie getting tackled, so I went over to help. Charlie: Anything else? Karli: Well, after you guys went back into the vortex, this huge current of electricity shot out of the vortex and hit me. Then everything went black again, and I was here. So, what's your side, Virgil? Virgil: When we got back here, you were passed out on the cable. Then that current thing you described came out and hit you. Karli: Okay. Charlie, you have any ideas? Charlie: Karli, you said that after you touched the cable, you were standing outside. Right? Karli: Yeah. Charlie: Do you remember seeing the incident from your original standpoint? When you first saw it? Karli: Um…(Thinks) No. I don't. Charlie: Oh boy. Zeke: What? Charlie: I think I know what happened. But I need some time to make sense of it. Karli: Okay, now that that's out of the way, what are you going to do about blowing your cover? Virgil: Is there anything we can do? I mean, we can't go back and save ourselves. Charlie: I think we just have to go with the flow this time. It probably won't be that horrible. By the way, Karli, do you think…? Karli: The battery had nothing to do with it, Charlie. Zeke: Are you guys never going to stop talking about the battery? Karli: Probably not. Let's just go. [The guys go upstairs, and are greeted by Derek and his group. Derek is smiling at them like they're friends.] Derek: Hey guys! Verge! How ya doing? Virgil: Um, fine. Derek: Great. You know, I was thinking about the whole Snowsuit Guys thing, and I think it's not so bad after all. I'm having a party at my place this weekend, and you need to be there. What do you think? Virgil: Uh…Sure. Derek: Great! See you later! (Walks away) Charlie: What just happened? Virgil: Um, the football team is being nice to us. Karli: I have a feeling they're not the only ones. [On the way to class, students are constantly coming up to the group to talk to them or compliment them until they reach their classes.] Charlie: That was a lot more painful then it should've been.[Chapter 8] Scene 14 [Later that day, Stephanie is sitting out on a bench, and Virgil comes over to join her.] Virgil: Hey Steph! So, what was it you wanted to talk about? Stephanie: Well, I was thinking, and…do you remember that day we were talking in the library? Virgil: Yeah. What about it? Stephanie: Well, I was thinking about what you said to me about the incident, and I was wondering if maybe, because of the passing of certain events, we could speak a little more freely about it. Virgil: Um, yeah, I guess we can. Stephanie: I thought so. So, how did you really find out the truth? Virgil: Well, it involves the time machine. Stephanie: That's what I assumed. Go on. Virgil: Sometime back, we had a little accident with the machine, and it sent us a little further back in time then we wanted. Stephanie: To the day of the incident? Virgil: Exactly. And I saw everything happen. Stephanie: You saw everything happen? Even… Virgil: Yes. I saw it with my own eyes and heard it with my own ears. Stephanie: (shocked) Wow. Virgil: I know what I saw and heard, Steph, and I'm not lying. Stephanie: I never said you were lying, Verge. It's just…whoa. Virgil: I know. It's a little unbelievable. Stephanie: Oh, I believe you Verge. Virgil: You do? Stephanie: Yeah. That story's actually a little more believable then the tape of the practice. Virgil: Yeah, that's what I thought. Stephanie: Its just…are you open to a little advice? Virgil: Fire away. Stephanie: Be careful with your time travel Verge. With it, you have a power unmatched by anything, and you have control over our past, present, and future. Don't abuse that power. If you do, a lot of things will be influenced by it. Because through the past, present, and future, you have control over the lives of everyone on the earth. And you could use that control to destroy everything. Don't. Virgil: I won't. I mean, we won't. Stephanie: I gotta go home, so I'll see you later. Virgil: Yeah. See you. [As soon as Stephanie walked off, Derek swoops in.] Derek: Hey Verge! What's up, man? Virgil: The sky. Derek: What…Hey, that's a good one! Virgil: (sounding annoyed) What do you need, Derek? Derek: (sits down) Dude, I want to say sorry about what happened freshman year. Virgil: You do? Derek: Yeah, and about what happened today. What happed four years ago, I didn't mean for it to happen. I cracked under pressure. Virgil: I know. Derek: And I'm really, really sorry about the other day. I even told the other football guys to just forget it and the Incident, and that it was my fault. Virgil: You told them that? Derek: Sure did. Half of them hated me afterwards, but I told them. Virgil: You gave up half your friends for just one? Derek: One friend that's beenmy friend for longer then they have. You mean more to me as a friend then popularity. It just took three years for me to realize that, because I'm just stupid like that. Virgil: Thanks, dude. (smiles.) Derek: And Verge? You really look good in that suit, by the way. Virgil: Thanks. Derek: So, are we cool? [Slight pause while Virgil, is determining his answer.] Virgil: Yeah, we're cool. [The guys shake hands.] Virgil [voiceover]: So I was popular, and I had my friends back. Life couldn't be better, right? Well, it wasn't long before popularity began to pull the Minutemen in separate directions.[Chapter 9] Scene 15 Setup: The school cafeteria. It's lunchtime, and the 3 guys and Karli are getting lunch, when Karli speaks up. Karli: Hey guys, if you don't mind, I'm going to sit with some of the other juniors and Jeanette today. Virgil: Actually, Derek asked me to sit with him today too. Charlie: No problem. Zeke and I are going elsewhere too. [The 4 go and sit at their tables.] [A week passes, and the 4 start to lose contact. They start to drift away from each other, getting lost in popularity. One afternoon, Virgil gets a phone call.] Karli: Hey Virgil? Can you meet me at the football field? [At the football field.] Virgil: Hey, I haven't seen you for a while. Karli: Actually, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. I like popularity and all, but it stinks that the four of us aren't seeing each other anymore. Virgil: (gets a distant look on his face for a moment) Yeah that is a downside. Karli: What's wrong? Virgil: Huh? Karli: You got this look on your face like you were remembering something unpleasant. Virgil: Oh. It's nothing. Just something from before. Karli: When you say before, are you talking about a pre-black-hole occurrence which was when most of your action packed lives went on but no one will ever know about it because it technically never happened? Virgil: What? Karli: Did it happen before the black hole? Virgil: Uh, yes. Karli: I thought so. Did you guys get found out that time? Virgil: Not publicly. I was the only one that was popular, and the other guys started hating me. I probably deserved it anyway. Karli: Hmmm. Any way, so what are going to do about the whole popularity thing? We need to stay together. Virgil: I guess we'll think of something. We always do. Karli: You mean, Charlie always does. Virgil: True. Karli: See you later Verge. {Gets up and leaves] [Later that night, Karli receives a phone call.] Karli: Hello? Charlie: Karli? It's me. I figured it out. Karli: Figured out what? Charlie: What happened the day you got electrocuted. The machine made it that only your mental state went back in time. And when your mental state was transported back, it took over your past body. Karli: Well, that makes sense. So it was like my future self was possessing my past body? Charlie: Exactly. Listen, let's not tell anyone about this. We don't want anyone getting any weird ideas. And I think you know whom I mean by anyone. Karli: No problem. Listen, I need to do some checkup on the machine tomorrow. Can you get all the necessary data transferred to my laptop? Charlie: No problem. [The next day, down in room 77, Karli is on the computer doing her check up on the machine and the rift closer. The computer is only giving her bad results.] Karli: What? This doesn't make any sense! It's like there's something missing. (Glances down at the table and notices an envelope with her name on it.) What's this? (Opens it and reads the letter) \"Had to delete the file, and thought you might need this. Charlie.\" (Followed by the data Karli was missing. She enters it into the computer.) Okay...processing data... (Scans results) Enter... (Computer begins beeping. Karli stares at the screen with wide eyes. ) Oh no. (Runs over to her bag, and fumbles for her cell phone.) [Up in the hallway, Virgil meets up with the other guys.] Virgil: Hey guys, wait! (They stop and turn around) Hey, guys. Listen, I just wanted to tell you – (cell phone rings) Hold on a minute. (Picks up) Hello? Karli: (frantic, loud enough for Charlie and Zeke to hear) Are you with Charlie and Zeke? Virgil: Yeah. What- Karli: All of you get down here now! Bring Jeanette! You know the place! (Hangs up) [There is a moment of silence.] Charlie: You don't think that... [Momentary Pause in conversation.] Virgil: Oh no. [The guy take off at top speed for room 77, grabbing Jeanette along the way. The guys rush into the room.] Virgil: (Running in, followed by the others) Karli! What's going on? [Karli is sitting at the computer, a look of shock frozen on her face. The other guys walk over, and look at the screen.] Charlie: Oh no. [On the screen is a grid. Tiny holes are forming on the grid, and begin to blend together. It creates one huge hole, which spreads and destroys the entire grid.] Virgil: Oh, crud. Zeke: Please don't tell me that's what I think it is. Charlie: It's…It's… Karli: It's not a black hole. [Everybody stares at her.] Jeanette: Then what is it? Karli: Something a lot worse.[Chapter 10] Scene 16 Setting: Karli's room. The guys and girls are discussing what to do about this new problem. Karli is pacing across the room. The others are sitting down. Virgil: Karli, how in the world did this happen?! Karli: (clearly stressed) I don't know. I checked the computer settings, and found a few errors in the program, but nothing that would cause a problem this big. Jeanette: If we find out what the problem is, can we fix it? Karli: (Stops pacing) Not by jumping back. We've already gone over the limit, another go would cause the…the… Charlie: The what, Kar? Karli: Well, the problem that we're dealing with doesn't really have a name, probably because no one's ever had to deal with it. Charlie: Let's just call it the 'Giant rift.' Karli: Okay…well, if you guys time travel again, it could cause the 'Giant rift' to prematurely open, and we wouldn't be prepared to do anything about it. Virgil: You did change the settings though, right? Karli: Yes, but at this point, it's not gonna do much good. The damage has already been done. And besides, the settings may not have even played a hand in it. Remember when we repaired that wire? I think that created a paradox which- Zeke: Look, guys, can we start working on an actual plan, because I'm not in a mood to improvise at the last minute. Karli: I've been working on a plan ever since I saw the data, Zeke. (Sits down at the computer) I've been studying the rift, and I think closing it is pretty straightforward. The rift is twice the magnitude of the black hole you created, though, so it's gonna take double the effort to close. You'll have to go inside it, close the far end, and we'll close the near end after you're back on the right side. You'll have to be quick, though, because, if the rift touches the ground, well, there's only one thing you can do then. Jeanette: What would that be? Karli: Brace yourself, and kiss your bum goodbye. Charlie, please tell me you still have that spare remote pack. Charlie: Yep, it's right here. (Tosses a backpack at her.) Virgil: Spare remote pack? You make it sound like something typical to have two or more of. Like a spare tire. Karli: Virgil, shut up. Charlie, that's good. We'll also use the pack I designed for when you jump to the other side. (Walks over to a table and picks up a pack similar to Charlie's, but with a lot more controls and wires.) Virgil: What in the world…? Charlie: (takes the pack and examines it with a confused look on his face.) And you expect me to learn how to operate this thing?! Karli: It's not that hard. I'll show you. Charlie: Maybe to you, but you built the thing! It took me a few days just to build my remote pack, and few hours to get it to operate and work right! Karli: Well, I kinda need you to learn how to use this, because I'm not exactly coming with you. Virgil: Maybe you should. Karli: What? Virgil: You know how to operate the remote pack, which might take hours to learn how to operate. We know the dangers of time travel, which we could teach you in about 5 minutes. I think you see what I'm getting at. Karli: You sure about that? Zeke: Absolutely. We got your back. Karli: (sighs)Okay, fine. I'll go, but just this once. I see one more problem, though. Charlie: Does it have something to do with the fact that we can't use headquarters for this? Karli: Yep, it does. We'll have to use the football field. And that creates another problem. There's a varsity game going on tonight. Virgil: (Sarcastically) Great. An audience. Just what we need.[Chapter 11] Scene 17 Setup: The football field. The football game is going well for Summerton, and the game just hit Halftime. Meanwhile, the Minutemen and Karli are suited up, and hiding in the bushes. Jeanette is standing by the wall, waiting for the guys' signal. The 4 in the bushes are talking last minute strategy. Karli: All right, so are we all good with the plan? Virgil: Karli, stop freaking out. It's not the – well, I guess it kind of is the end of the world, so never mind. Charlie: It's not the end of the world, Virgil. Everything's going to be fine. We've done this before. Karli: Last I checked, you don't save the world from destruction-by-out–of-control-rift on a regular basis. Zeke : C'mon guys, focus! Karli, how much time do we have? Karli: According to my calculations, we only have a minute or two. But there's something I need to tell you before we go out. Virgil: Spit it out. Karli: Well, there's something that I've been thinking about, and been meaning to ask you. (Slight pause) When you time travel, if your past self ends up seeing your future self, are your memories of the occurrence changed at all? Virgil: Well…no, they're not. (looks at Charlie and Zeke) What about you guys? [They shake their heads no.] Karli: I knew it. Zeke: Is there something wrong with our minds? Karli: No, I don't think so. Charlie: Wait a minute! Is this going to affect what we're doing in a few minutes?! Karli: Charlie, I think this might have been what caused the rift. Of course, there's nothing we can do now. [The guys all sigh out of exasperation and show signs of frustration.] Charlie: (slides down the wall behind them) So we are going to die. Zeke: Have I ever told you guys that I still sleep with a blankie? [The others give him a \"What the Heck?\" look] Karli: We're not gonna die, guys. I'm just making you aware if this does cause a problem. We'll be fine. [Slight pause in conversation, then Charlie starts talking to Zeke about the machine functions. Karli sits hunched up and looks sad. Virgil notices this.] Virgil: What's wrong Karli? Karli: Guilt. Virgil: Well, why? Karli: I feel like all this is my fault. That it's my fault that we're in this fix. Virgil: Why? This isn't something one person did. It's a precaution we should've taken ages ago. Karli: Yeah, but I made the machine, and if I had said no – Virgil: Karli, don't beat yourself up about this. It isn't your fault. It's nobody's fault in particular, either. Karli: (smiling) Thanks Verge. (Looks at her watch) Get ready guys, we have fifteen seconds. 14…13…12… [While Karli is counting down, Derek is discussing a game plan for the next play. They get into position. The whole time you hear Karli's voice in the background.] Karli: 8…7…6… [They guys brace themselves.] Karli: 3… 2…1… [Up in the sky, a huge rift appears out of nowhere. The people at the game scream and panic at the sight of the monstrosity, and begin to leave the stands and field] Stephanie: Oh. My. Gosh. Derek: This isn't happening. Virgil: (In the bushes) Alright guys, lets move! [The guys and girls spring into action, leaping out of the bushes and moving towards the football field. Chatter comes from the retreating crowd] Bystander 1: Hey, it's those guys! The Minutemen! Bystander 2: They've got a new recruit! Bystander 3: Who cares? Let's get out of here! Virgil: Everybody, move back! [The Minutemen move to towards the rift. They get under it, and set up the machine.] Karli: Okay Charlie, let her rip. [Charlie types commands into the hand-held computer on the remote pad. A vortex like the one that comes forth from the rift closer shoots up into the Giant rift. Exclamations of shock come from the sidelines, but Virgil singles out one in particular.] Derek: Verge, what the heck are you doing?! Virgil: (shouts in his direction) Exactly what we've been doing for the past month! Derek : What?! Karli: Penetration complete. Let's go. (Jeanette takes over controls as the guys prepare to jump) Derek: Verge! I'm waiting for an answer! Virgil: (screams at the top of his lungs) TIME TRAVEL! (jumps at the vortex, and is carried up) [As Virgil and the others disappear, everyone begins to yell because of either 1. It's the end of the world (or seems like it) 2. The Minutemen just admitted to using time travel to rescue kids, or 3. Said group just got sucked up into the rift. The principal just drives in, and runs over just in time to see the boys and Karli disappear. He runs over to Derek, who is standing closest to, but a good distance from the column of light rising into the rift.] Tolkan: What in the name of all that's good is going on here? Derek: No freaking idea. Tolkan: Well, you may have 'no freaking idea' of what's going on, but those students are going to die! Does anyone know? Anyone? Excuse me! (Pushes through the crowd and starts talking to someone who is standing nearby) [Meanwhile , Stephanie is standing at the back, looking nervously at the rift.] Stephanie: (Whispers) Be careful, Verge. [Inside the rift, the Minutemen are tumbling through to the other side. When they reach the other side, the vortex spits them out onto the Summerton football field. The field is deserted…for the moment] Karli: (holding her head in her hands) Ooh, my head. I need a minute. Virgil: Cope, because we don't have a minute. Charlie, get the machine. [Charlie gets the pack out, and sets it up. Karli takes out a battery, and hooks it to the base of the pad, and it whirrs to life.] Karli: Okay, beginning seal process. [A vortex erupts from the machine, shoots up into the rift, and begins to reverse and seal the rift.] Charlie: Uh, Karli? That looks a little unstable. Karli: I'm working on it! (types at a furious speed) [As the rift is being sealed, it shrinks in area, until it disappears completely.] Karli: Seal complete. (Shuts down machine) Now we need to relocate and create a new rift, so we can return. (walks over to the area of the field closer to the building) Virgil: This is weird. Zeke: Dude, our middle name is weird. Virgil: No, I mean it's weird that there's no one here. Wouldn't there be practice, or something? Karli: (shouts) Or something. Guys, you need to see this. [The guys come over and see what Karli is looking at: the Incident. Freshman Virgil and Charlie are hanging from the ram statue in cheerleaders' outfits. Karli is staring open-mouthed at the sight.] Virgil: (sighs) How many times do I have to see this play out again? Charlie: Apparently twice. Karli: Is this the Incident you're always talking about? Virgil: (bitterly) Yes. And now, for an added bonus, you get to see it for yourself. (sighs again, and turns his head.) [Derek is standing a few feet away from where they are, no one is around him. Virgil gets an idea, and starts walking towards him with his hood up.] Karli: I never thought it was this bad. I thought is was just something like… Zeke: More minor? Karli: Yeah. A lot less then this. Charlie: It's a lot worse when you're the one hanging… Hey, where's Virgil going? [Virgil is standing just behind Derek.] Virgil: So, proud of your little accomplishment? Derek: (turns around) Who are you? [Virgil pulls off his hood and smiles at Derek] Virgil: Hello Derek. Derek: VERGE? How did you get…(looks at ram statue) But you're…What the heck is going on?! Virgil: Something that you'll eventually understand. Derek: (stunned) You look older. How did you get here? Virgil: That's because I am older. And for the second question, that's for me to know and for you to find out. Derek: Why are you here? Virgil: We need to talk, Derek. Derek: (clearly confused) Okay. What about? Virgil: (points to the ram statue) That. Derek: Oh. That. Virgil: Why, Derek? Why? Derek: Dude, I tried to stop them but- Virgil: I think we both know that's not the truth. Derek: (sighs) Listen, Verge, I was under a lot of pressure, and I just wanted to- Virgil: Fit in? Did you even think that I wanted that too? Did you ever think that maybe I wanted my reputation to survive beyond my first day in high school? No. You didn't. I can tell that. You chose popularity over the guy who's been your best friend for ages. And look where that landed me. I won't deny that some great things came out of that. For instance, that guy hanging about 3 feet away from me became my best pal. And we hang out every day, and act like we've known each other forever. All because the guy who I thought was my best friend stabbed me in the back when I most needed him. Derek: I'm sorry dude. I should have thought more. Virgil: It's okay. D-rock. (smiles) [He holds out his hand, and the guys do the handshake.] Virgil: So, you gonna leave me hanging? Derek : Well, I…(looks at freshman Virgil, and that turns around, but Virgil has already slipped away. He starts muttering to himself, and walks away.) It was just a hallucination, just a crazy hallucination. [Virgil walks back to where Karli and the guys are, and Karli is starting up the machine. Charlie walks up to Virgil and slaps him across the face.] Virgil: Ow! Charlie: Are you insane? You just blew our cover! What did you…Oh my gosh. (notices something) [Virgil turns around, and sees Derek helping the guys down from the statue.] Charlie: What did you do him? Virgil: Made him see sense. Don't worry; he thought he was just going crazy. Charlie: (looks doubtful) Seriously? Virgil: Seriously. And you owe me. Karli: Guys! Earth to Virgil! Giant rift opening up! [Karli hits a button on the pad, and a vortex creates a new rift. She shuts it off, and jumps. The guys look at each other, shrug, and follow her up. The rift closes behind them. On the other side, the guys are spit out back onto the football field at present day.] Tolkan: There they are! They owe me an explanation! Jeanette: Guys! Help me out here! [The guys rush over and look at the machine. They notice the vortex isn't entering the rift. It's being stopped from entering the rift by some invisible barrier blocking the opening to the rift. Charlie and Karli are flipping out.] Charlie: What's going on? Karli: Oh crud. Jeanette, let me at the machine. [On the laptop screen hooked up to the machine, there's a grid, showing the vortex and rift. It also show's a barrier bubbling out from the rift's opening.] Jeanette: What's that? Karli: (turns around, looking anxious) Remember that potential memory strain I told you about in the bushes? Zeke: It can't be. Karli: It is. Charlie, how do you shut this thing down? Charlie: Shut it off? Why? Karli: I'm setting up another vortex, one more powerful. Maybe that will break the surface of the strain. Charlie: How do you know that? Karli: I don't. From this point on, everything we do is guesswork. Let's just hope this is the right guess. [The vortex shuts off. Karli prepares for the computer to signal the pad for the next vortex.] Karli: Oh, crud, the power's low. Charlie, do you have a battery? Charlie: Here! [Charlie hands her the battery, and she connects it into the case in the middle.] Karli: That should help it hold. Virgil: Is the sequence going to work? Karli: It's getting there. One second. [The 5 are waiting for the sequence to begin. Then, a countdown to the power up appears on the screen.] Karli: (shouts) Okay, we have ten seconds! Everyone, MOVE BACK! [The entire crowd shifts back even further, including Virgil and the others. But Karli remembers something else. Something important in this extreme move they're attempting] Karli: (talking to herself) Wait. But if the people time traveling have experienced changes to drastic level, then – oh crud. (screams at Virgil) Virgil! Brace yourself! [Before Virgil can respond, the machine shoots up another vortex, and the sky blows up. Or so it feels like. All of the tension behind the strain bursts out like a shockwave, and hits everyone like a huge wind. But when Virgil is hit, he gets this puzzled, but pained look on his face, and the falls to the ground, fainted dead away. When the wave passes, the guys start to rush over to Virgil's seemingly lifeless body.] Stephanie: Oh no. Virgil. (she starts rushing to him) Charlie: Verge! [The guys go for Virgil, but Karli waves them away.] Karli: Guys, no! It's not safe yet! The shockwave is coming back! Just get out of here, I'll get him! Charlie: But what about the machine?! Karli: Forget it! If you're to close to the machine when it comes back, it's gonna take you out! Just go! [Charlie and Zeke, along with the other people who were at the game start running in the opposite direction. Karli starts dragging Virgil away in the opposite direction. Stephanie comes over and starts helping her.] Karli: Stephanie, just get out of here! Stephanie: Not without Virgil. Karli: This is no time for arguing. Just go! [At that moment, the shockwave returns. Karli, Stephanie, Virgil, and the machine are taken up into the vortex, but Karli shoves Virgil's body out of the draw of the shockwave. The girls and the shockwave disappear into the rift, which closes. All is silent for a few seconds. Charlie and Zeke come out of hiding.] [Out on the field, all is silent. The spectators, including Jeanette, have all gone for cover, and there is no one out there but unconscious Virgil lying on the field.] Charlie: Where's Karli? Zeke: Dude, she…she got sucked up. Charlie: (look of horror on his face) WHAT?! Zeke: She was too close to the rift. Charlie: Well- (at a loss for words) So be it, I guess. Let's go. Zeke: Wait. Virgil. He's still out there. [The guys run over to Virgil's body, and start trying to get him up. After a tense minute, Virgil begins to stir. ] Virgil: Ugh. Charlie: Verge? You okay. Virgil: Charlie? What happened? Charlie: You passed out. And the rift closed. Virgil: (sighing in relief) Thank goodness. Wait, where's Karli? [Charlie, unsure of what to say, looks away] Virgil: Guys? What happened? Charlie: (turns around) She…she's not here. Virgil: O…kay. Then, where is she? Charlie : She…she was standing too close when the shockwave came back, and got…sucked up. [Virgil says nothing, but doesn't need too. The horrified expression on his face says it all.] ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Minutemen. So when I was in 8 th grade, I saw the movie Minutemen and hate"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Torn","Author":"bean21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4371184","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- A quick note on most of my minutemen fanfics: they can stand alone for the most part, but they all basically tie in with each other. You can read \"Torn\" by itself, but you might want to read \"Different\" first. Thanks for reading any of it and tell me what you think! :) Torn Stephanie walked quietly into the cafeteria and over to the pop machine. She looked around, but only a few other students were in the large room. Then she noticed Zeke sitting alone where he usually sat with Virgil and Charlie. She turned back to the pop machine without thinking much about him, but she suddenly remembered something Virgil had said when he called her a week ago. They had been talking about Zeke. \" I think life's hitting him harder than us.\" Looking back at Zeke, Stephanie realized that she hadn't seen him in school a single all last week, and that she hadn't noticed, or cared, until just then. He was just staring off into space, looking really thoughtful, and also a little more tired than usual. Suddenly Stephanie felt guilty. This was one of Virgil's best friends and she had never actually met him. Forgetting about the pop she had been about to get, she started walking toward Zeke. \"Stephanie!\" Derek waved at her from across the room. Half-heartedly returning his wave she walked over to him. \"Hey Derek.\" \"What's wrong, Steph?\" \"Nothing.\" \"You don't seem very happy.\" Stephanie shrugged. \"I'm fine.\" \"Ok. Hey, I'm gonna go talk to some of the guys, ok?\" \"Yeah, Derek.\" As he walked away Stephanie sighed. Derek seemed so self-absorbed these days. At least, more than usual. She looked over at Zeke again. He was just sitting there, absentmindedly fiddling with a fork. Even though he was a really unapproachable guy, she felt like she should talk to him. Taking a deep breath she headed for his table. \"Hi.\" He jumped a little bit, then looked up at her with surprise. \"Stephanie?\" She smiled, hoping she looked friendly. She was actually really nervous. \"You're Zeke, right?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" \"I'm Stephanie, but I guess you already knew that.\" She looked down at Zeke, feeling embarrassed. She stood there a little awkwardly, not sure of what to say. He was silently looking up at her through his dark hair. \"Well,\" she continued, \"I just noticed that you were gone last week so I thought I'd say that it's nice to have you back. Plus I thought I should finally introduce myself for real since I never have. Virgil talks about you a lot, so I just thought I'd say hi.\" She smiled again, then turned to leave. \"So what does Virgil say about me?\" Stephanie turned back to Zeke with a small smile. He was looking down at his fork again, but at least he had said something. That was all Stephanie needed. \"Well, he says that you're really into interpretive dance,\" she said slowly, walking back to the table. Zeke looked up at her with a small hint of a confused smile. She laughed. \"Mind if I sit down?\" Zeke shrugged. \"Be my guest.\" Stephanie pulled out a chair at the small table and sat down. \"Honestly? Virgil's told me that you're a really cool guy. He's made me want to meet you.\" \"Well, now what do you think?\" Zeke asked, looking over at Stephanie again. She looked back at Zeke. \"I think it might take some time to figure out, but I'm pretty sure he's right.\" Zeke looked like he was about to say something, but a sudden voice interrupted. \"Steph, what are you doing?\" \"Oh, hey Derek.\" Inwardly she groaned. She could already tell that Derek was annoyed. \"Come on Steph, let's go sit down,\" Derek said, glancing at Zeke. Stephanie stood up slowly. \"See you later, Zeke,\" she said kindly. Zeke nodded. \"Stephanie, what were you doing?!\" Derek exclaimed as they started to walk. He was looking at her like she was out of her mind. \"I was just introducing myself.\" \"Why?\" \"He's Virgil's friend and I wanted to meet him.\" \"Don't take this the wrong way, Stephanie, but you're one of the most popular girls in school. You don't need to be meeting guys like him.\" \"His name is Zeke, and what do you mean guys like him ?\" \"You know, guys like him. Zack, or whatever his name is. Loners, outcasts, whatever you want to call them.\" They were sitting at their usual table now and she looked over at Derek in disbelief. \"He's Virgil's friend, Derek!\" \"Steph, who cares?\" \"I do.\" She shook her head sadly. \"I thought you did, too.\" \"Look, Virgil's a good guy and all, but c'mon, he's a total dork.\" \"What happened to you, Derek?\" Stephanie asked quietly. Everyone else was starting to sit down at their table, so the two became quiet.[Chapter 2] Stephanie glanced around the cafeteria and noticed that Zeke had left his table and was talking to Jeanette across the room. That seemed a little weird, but she didn't pay much attention. She started to get lost in her own thoughts when a loud noise suddenly brought her back to the now full cafeteria. Zeke had obviously tripped and was now sprawled out on the floor not far from Stephanie's table. \"Wow, nice going, dork,\" Derek said as he started laughing along with most of the student body. Stephanie didn't laugh, but she didn't do anything to help, either. She just watched as Zeke slowly moved to a kneeling position. One of the football players walked by and roughly shoved him back to the floor, getting more laughs from the teens. \"Hey!\" The one voice rang clearly through the cafeteria, quickly silencing everyone. Virgil and Charlie were standing behind Zeke, looking out at the students. Charlie stepped forward and gave Zeke his hand while everyone watched silently. Virgil was the one who had spoken, so he faced the students as Zeke stood up off the floor. \"Why are you all laughing? What's so funny about one guy tripping? Did any of you even stop to think about whether or not he's ok?\" Stephanie bit the corner of her lip guiltily, then looked around to see the other students' reactions. Some of them, including Derek, were looking at each other and shaking their heads, like they thought Virgil was crazy. Others just looked like they weren't sure what to do. \"You know what I wish someone would do in this school?\" Virgil continued, talking loud enough for everyone to hear. \"It's something that I don't think has happened before. I wish that, for once, whenever someone is embarrassed or whatever, that other people would think about how they would feel if it was happening to them. I wish people would just ask if the person was ok, and then forget about it.\" Many of the students were looking down nervously and guiltily. The whole cafeteria was silent, until Jeanette stood up. With a big smile she walked over and stood next to Charlie. \"Me too.\" The four of them looked around the cafeteria. Guilt was gnawing at Stephanie. She wanted to stand up so badly, but she couldn't stop thinking about what people might think about her and wondering if anyone else would stand up. Feeling shaky, she slowly stood to her feet, with her hands on the table for support. Looking Virgil in the eyes, she nodded. He smiled at her, and when she looked at Zeke's eyes she saw that they were filled with gratitude. Feeling less shaky, she stayed standing. Across the cafeteria she heard chair legs scrape across the floor as a handful of students slowly stood to their feet, one by one, and nodded at Virgil. Virgil looked around and nodded back at them with a small smile. Stephanie and the other students sat down again as Virgil, Charlie, and Zeke went to their table. Slowly the conversation in the cafeteria picked up again, but it was obvious that most of the students were talking about what had happened. Stephanie looked at the teens at her table. All of them were staring at her with wide eyes and open mouths. \"What were you doing?!\" Derek exclaimed. He looked like he was about to have a heart attack. \"I was agreeing with Virgil,\" Stephanie answered softly, not meeting the astonished glances of the others. \"But, why ?\" \"Because he's right, Derek!\" Stephanie exclaimed, looking up now. \"All of us hate when we're embarrassed, so why should we laugh when someone else is?\" \"Steph, they're nerds. Being embarrassed is just what happens to them. C'mon, you're popular, why do you care anyways?\" Stephanie frowned. \"Being popular means not caring about my friends?\" \" We're your friends, Steph,\" one of the girls said. \"Maybe I don't want to be popular,\" Stephanie answered softly. The other teens at her table gave her a weird look, then they all got quiet for the rest of lunch.[Chapter 3] Stephanie was laying on her bed writing in her diary, but she hadn't actually written anything for a while. It was Friday afternoon, but she couldn't stop thinking about Monday. She was lost in thought, playing back through her mind what had happened then at lunch. She couldn't stop thinking about all the things Derek had said. He had seemed so different lately. It was like he didn't even care about Virgil anymore. Or anyone else, for that matter. Except maybe Jocelyn. He had been so full of himself and acting so, well, popular . She sighed and held her head in her hands. Suddenly she started thinking about Virgil and wanting to see him. She quickly shut her diary and ran downstairs. \"Mom?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Is it ok if I go over to Virgil's house?\" \"Sure sweetheart. Just don't stay for too long.\" \"Thanks, mom!\" OoOoOoOoOoOo Virgil was out in his backyard. He was supposed to be finishing mowing the lawn, but he had stopped a few minutes ago to take a break. He absentmindedly picked up three rocks off the ground and started juggling them. \"Hey.\" Dropping the rocks he whirled around. Stephanie was standing there, smiling at him. \"Oh, hi Steph! What're you doing here?\" \"Do I need a reason to visit my friend?\" she asked with a smile. Virgil laughed. \"Good point.\" \"But I guess I did sort of come here for a reason,\" Stephanie said as she sat down on a bench in Virgil's backyard. \"A while back you asked if I'd like to hang out with you and Zeke and Charlie on a Friday night. Are you still offering?\" \"Well definitely!\" Virgil exclaimed, sitting down on a chair across from Stephanie. \"Do you mean tonight?\" \"I don't have anything else to do.\" \"Don't you have something you could do with Derek?\" Virgil said, his voice getting softer. Stephanie thought he sounded kind of sad. She rolled her eyes. \"I guess he's probably doing something, but I want to hang out with you guys.\" \"Even though we're the biggest dorks at school?\" Virgil asked with a smile. Stephanie smiled a little bit. \"You're my friend, Virgil. You always will be, no matter what other people call you. Charlie's cool too, and I'd like to get to know Zeke more.\" \"Have you met him? Zeke, I mean.\" \"Yeah, I introduced myself on Monday, right before...\" Her voice faded. Virgil looked at her and nodded. \"By the way, Stephanie, I wanted to thank you for standing up. You didn't have to, but I'm really glad you did. I don't know how many people would have if you hadn't. And I know it couldn't have been easy. So, thanks.\" Stephanie nodded. \"You're right, it wasn't easy, and things have been kinda weird since then, but I'm glad I did.\" The two friends were quiet for a minute, until the silence was broken by the sound of a motorcycle pulling up in front of Virgil's house. \"Virgil? You here, man?\" \"I'm in the back,\" Virgil yelled in reply. A few seconds later Zeke turned the corner and walked into Virgil's backyard. He pulled off his helmet and shook out his dark hair. Then he looked over and saw Stephanie. \"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know...\" he began, looking from Stephanie to Virgil. \"Uh, I can go.\" \"Dude, it's fine,\" Virgil said kindly. \"What were you coming over for?\" Zeke glanced behind him, towards the front of Virgil's house. \"Uh, I got a new bike today. I wanted to show everyone I know, but um, you're the only person I could think of. I would show Charlie, but I'm kinda in a hurry and he'd probably want to show me some new invention or something. But I can go, I'll just show you tonight.\" \"Zeke, there is no way that you're leaving without showing me!\" Virgil answered with a smile. \"But Virg, you have company,\" Zeke said softly, sounding embarrassed as he glanced at Stephanie. \"You mean Steph?\" Virgil looked back at her and smiled. \"It doesn't matter. Plus, she's going to be hanging out with us tonight, too. So you might as well show us now.\" Zeke's eyes suddenly got wide. \"She's coming tonight, too?\" he asked softly, almost in a whisper. \"Yeah. Zeke, what's wrong?\" \"We're having it at my place tonight,\" Zeke said simply. Virgil's eyes got almost as wide as Zeke's. \"We can change it to my house tonight if you want,\" Virgil said quickly. Stephanie was just watching the guys with a confused look on her face. Zeke shook his head. \"It's fine, dude. We can still have it at my place.\" \"Are you sure, man? We don't have to.\" \"Virg, it's ok. She's your friend, and uh-\" He lowered his voice even further. \"If this is gonna become a regular thing she should know, dude.\" \"Are you sure this is ok, Zeke?\" \"Don't worry about it, man. It's fine. Anyways I'm gonna go. I have to run an errand for Mrs. Carpenter. I'll show you my bike tonight.\" Stephanie stood up and walked toward the two guys. \"Zeke, just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I don't want to see your motorcycle too.\" \"You sure?\" Zeke asked, looking at Stephanie like he didn't really believe her. \"C'mon, just show us!\" Virgil answered. Zeke smiled a little and started walking around to the front of Virgil's house. Virgil grabbed Stephanie's arm and pulled her closer to him. \"You've never liked motorcycles,\" he whispered, looking to make sure Zeke hadn't heard. \"Just because I said that to him doesn't mean I like them,\" she whispered back with a smile. Virgil smiled back and they followed Zeke out front.[Chapter 4] \"You ready, Steph?\" \"Definitely! Let's go. Bye mom!\" Stephanie followed Virgil out her front door and climbed into his car, saying hi to Charlie who was in the back seat. \"So, Virgil, you're sure it's ok with Zeke that we're having it at the Carpenter's?\" Charlie asked once they started going. \"Yeah, he said it was.\" \"Ok guys, explanation time,\" Stephanie said, looking over at Virgil. \"What do you mean 'the Carpenter's'? I thought Zeke said it was at his house. Isn't his last name Thompson? And why wouldn't it be ok to have it at his house? Or wherever we are having it? Ah!\" She held her head in her hands. \"I am so confused.\" \"Look, Stephanie,\" Virgil said slowly, \"I would explain it to you all, but I think Zeke wants to tell you himself. Everything will make sense in a while. Oh, Charlie, by the way, Jeanette's gonna be there tonight, too.\" \"Jeanette?\" Stephanie asked. \"Ok, now I really am confused.\" Virgil smiled a little bit but didn't say anything. Charlie started talking about some new invention he was working on, but in not too long Virgil pulled over to the side of the street in front of a small house. \"Here we are.\" The three of them walked to the door and Virgil knocked. He turned to Stephanie with a smile. \"Brace yourself.\" \"Huh?\" The door was immediately flung open. \"Virgil! Charlie!\" A crowd of kids flung themselves on Virgil and Charlie, all talking at once. Then suddenly all six pairs of energetic eyes turned to Stephanie. \"Are you Stephanie?\" a small girl asked. \"Yeah, I am,\" Stephanie answered with a slightly confused but kind smile. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Sarah!\" \"I'm Billy!\" \"I'm Ellie!\" All the kids started saying their name's at once, trying to be louder than their siblings. Stephanie laughed and held up her hands. \"Ok, one at a time. Now, you start.\" Stephanie bent over with her hands on her knees so she was almost eye-level with the kids, then pointed to them one by one and they told her their names. Virgil and Charlie watched with amazement. This was the quietest they had ever seen the Carpenter kids, but all six of them were just staring at Stephanie with wide eyes, like she was an angel or something. Virgil knew Stephanie had always been good with kids, but this was amazing! \"Ok, so, it's Sarah, Carrie, Billy, Ellie, Andy and Jamie. \" Stephanie went down the line again, remembering every kid's name. They all beamed when she got it right. \"Ok, munchkins, let them come inside for crying out loud.\" Virgil, Charlie, and Stephanie looked up to see Zeke with his arms crossed, head down, but a big smile on his face. The kids smiled up at him like they thought he was the greatest thing in the world, then scampered inside. \"You call them munchkins now? To their face?\" Virgil asked as he stepped inside. Zeke shrugged. \"They seem to like it. Sorry about all that, Stephanie.\" \"You don't have to apologize, I love kids.\" \"Are they here, Zeke?\" a woman's voice called. \"Yeah, they are,\" he yelled back. \"Want to come meet Stephanie?\" A smiling lady emerged from the kitchen, wiping her hand on an apron, then extending it to Stephanie. \"I'm Elaine Carpenter.\" \"I'm Stephanie Jameson. Thank you so much for letting me come to your house.\" \"It's my pleasure! I'm sorry my husband can't be here, he usually works on Friday nights. But don't let me keep you with all my talking, I think your show is starting.\" Mrs. Carpenter said hi to Virgil and Charlie, then went back to the kitchen with a smile. \"So what we counting down tonight?\" Virgil asked, sitting down on the couch. Stephanie took a seat next to him, starting to wonder if anyone would explain things to her, because she was really getting confused. \"Floods, I think,\" Zeke answered, sitting down on the floor, while Charlie took the recliner. Stephanie bit the corner of her lip, looking at the tv screen, but thinking totally separate thoughts. I'm sure someone will explain things soon, stop worrying. So let's see, Zeke's last name is Thompson, not Carpenter, but that's Mrs. Carpenter, and this is the 'Carpenter's house', but Zeke said it was 'his place'. And I didn't think he had any siblings. Then again, I don't know very much about him at all. Just stop worrying and enjoy yourself tonight. She blew out a little puff of air. \"Steph, you ok?\" Virgil asked. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"Oh man, you're probably still confused, aren't you?\" Smiling a little bit, she nodded. Zeke suddenly looked up and between her and Virgil. \"You guys didn't tell her?\" \"No, we thought we'd leave it to you.\" \"Oh boy.\" Zeke ran his hand through his hair. \"Uh-\" \"Guys! Hush! You're missing the first flood!\" Charlie exclaimed. \"Come with me, Stephanie,\" Zeke said softly, looking slightly uncomfortable. He got up and started walking to the hallway, hitting Charlie over the top of the head as he walked past. Stephanie looked at Virgil. \"Is this ok? With him, I mean,\" she whispered. \"It'll be fine, don't worry about it. Just go.\" Stephanie stood up and started walking slowly, glancing back at Virgil as she went. He smiled, gave her a small thumbs-up, and went back to watching the tv. Zeke was standing in the hallway in front of the stairs, watching as she walked over to where he was. Calm down, Steph, he's just a guy. She was usually really good with people. Just about everybody. Stephanie hated to admit it and felt like a dork, but she was really intimidated by Zeke. Not only was he really big, pretty much towering over her, he was a biker guy who was almost always glaring at someone. Over all, kind of scary. She sighed a little bit as she reached him and tried to smile. \"So, is something up?\" She hoped her voice was casual, but that was hard. \"Oh come on, don't even pretend you haven't noticed,\" Zeke said softly, looking down at her. Stephanie looked down at the floor, unsure of what to say. Zeke sighed. \"My name's Thompson, their's is Carpenter. I don't have siblings that young. Stephanie, these people aren't even related to me.\" The pieces started to come together in Stephanie's mind even as Zeke slowly said: \"I'm a foster child.\" Stephanie wasn't really that shocked, just sort of surprised, but for some reason she couldn't speak. What could she say? She was thankful when a voice cut in. \"Oh, hi Stephanie!\" Jeanette waved from where she was coming down the stairs. \"Hi Jeanette.\" \"Jeanette, Charlie and Virg are in the living room,\" Zeke said simply. The spunky girl walked past them and into the living room. \"Hi bluebird! Hi Virgil!\" Stephanie looked at Zeke with a questioning glance. \"Babysitter.\" She nodded her head. Everything made sense. Why did she feel so weird about it? Zeke shrugged. \"Look, plain and simple, I've been a foster child my whole life. I've never been to juvie and my parents aren't criminals, if you're wondering. They just gave me up for adoption when I was born. So, now you know.\" Stephanie nodded and smiled, but she still couldn't think of anything to say. The two of them walked quietly back to the living room.[Chapter 5] \"Where were you, Steph?\" \"I told you I might not be there, Derek.\" \"But I didn't think you actually wouldn't!\" \"C'mon, I don't have to do absolutely everything with you every Friday night, do I?\" \"So what did you do that was better than hanging out with me?\" Stephanie sat down on her bed, starting to wish she hadn't called Derek. \"I went and hung out with Virgil.\" \"Virgil? Anyone else?\" \"Well, Charlie, Zeke, and Jeanette were there too.\" \"No way! Stephanie, what's wrong with you?!\" Stephanie felt tears prick at her eyes. \"Derek,\" she said softly, \"I needed someone to talk to, not someone to nag at me.\" \"You're right, Steph. I'm sorry. What did you want to talk about?\" She opened her mouth, then shut it. She had wanted to tell him that Zeke was a foster child, but something made her rethink doing it. \"Stephanie?\" She sighed. \"Look, I'm sorry I bailed on you but I had a really good time.\" \"Did any one see you?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Did any of the popular people from school see you hanging out with them?\" \"No, we were at, uh, we were at Zeke's house. Why would it matter anyways?\" \"I don't know, it's just, well, I don't want you to totally ruin your reputation by hanging out with them.\" Stephanie frowned. \"Or is it that you don't want me to ruin your reputation?\" \"Stephanie, come on, don't be like that. You're my girl, I care about you and what other people think.\" \"No, Derek,\" she whispered. \"What?\" \"You've always just cared about what people think about you . You don't care who you hurt, so long as you're still popular.\" \"Steph, what are you talking about? Of course I care about you.\" \"When did you stop caring about Virgil?\" \"I, uh, I didn't.\" \"Then why does it matter if I hang out with him?\" \"It's not Virgil, ok Steph.\" Derek sounded more annoyed than genuine. \"It's Charlie and that other guy.\" \" Zeke! His name is Zeke .\" \"Whatever, Stephanie.\" \"No, not whatever!\" Her voice started to rise as a tear slid down her face. \"If you really cared about Virgil you would care about them, too. They're his friends!\" \"Well that's his fault that he chose loser friends after ditching us.\" \"Ditching us?! Derek, we ditched him if anything! What happened that first day of freshman year...\" \"Look, Steph,\" Derek interrupted, \"calm down, ok? It doesn't matter what happened then...\" \"Derek!\" Now it was Stephanie that was interrupting. Her voice became suddenly quiet and sad. \"What happened to you?\" \"What do you mean, Steph?\" \"I mean you don't care about anyone anymore! All you care about is yourself and being popular. Even our relationship is only about you. If being the head cheerleader's boyfriend will keep you popular you'll stick with it, even if you'd rather be with Jocelyn Lee! I don't know how long it's been like this, or if it's been this way the whole time and I was just too blind to see it, or didn't see it because I didn't want to see it.\" \"Steph, c'mon, you're taking this way too far.\" Stephanie heard the words, and wanted to believe them, but the boy on the other end of the phone didn't sound very sure of himself. \"Am I, Derek?\" \"Oh man Stephanie I am so sorry, but I have to go. I'll talk to you later, ok?\" \"Ok.\" \"Hey, it's ok, all right?\" \"Derek?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Promise me we will talk about it.\" \"We will, promise. Now I gotta go.\" \"Ok. Bye.\" \"Bye.\" Stephanie hung up the phone and laid back on her bed with a groan. Something told her Derek really wouldn't want to talk about it. She realized that she didn't want to, either. She quickly grabbed her diary and started writing. How can I keep ignoring this? she wrote. I wish I could pretend like it wasn't happening, like these obvious problems weren't so obvious. I've kinda tried to just ignore things that Derek says, but it's not working anymore. He's not the same guy he used to be. At least I don't think he is. Or was he always this guy? Am I just seeing it now? Like I told him a few minutes ago, he doesn't care anymore. All he cares about is himself. I don't really want to be his girlfriend anymore. I would so much rather hang out with Virgil, and even Charlie and Zeke. They seem pretty cool. At least I think they do. I don't know what to think of anything anymore! It looks like I have two choices. Either I stay with Derek, stay popular, and go on being friends with Virgil just in the background, basically keep my life the way it is now. But I feel like that life is a lie. Or I can break up with Derek, be friends with Virgil and his friends, and stop being popular. What am I supposed to do? I just feel so...torn.[Chapter 6] Stephanie walked into the cafeteria and looked around. About half of the student body was already there, talking and laughing. It was Monday afternoon, and Stephanie already felt exhausted. She was not ready for a whole new week. Derek was already sitting at their table, talking to some of the other football players. She looked over and saw Zeke sitting where he usually did, but when he looked up she quickly moved her eyes away. When she did she saw Virgil coming towards her. \"Hey, Stephanie!\" \"Oh, hey Virgil!\" \"How's it going?\" \"Oh, you know. Gotta love Mondays.\" Virgil smiled. \"I know it. Hey, thanks for hanging out with us Friday night.\" \"Oh, no problem, it was fun.\" Virgil's smile faded a tiny bit and he lowered his voice. \"You seemed to be kinda quiet after Zeke talked to you.\" \"Oh, uh, I guess so.\" \"Look, Steph, I know that it's kinda crazy at first, him being a foster child and all, but he's a really good guy. He's not that different, he just has a slightly different background.\" Stephanie nodded. \"I know, Virgil. I do want to hang out with you guys more. It's just, I don't know, it seems hard to be around Zeke, sometimes. Like it's just hard to relate to him.\" \"I know it can feel like that. But really, it's not that hard once you get to know him.\" Stephanie nodded again. Virgil smiled a little bit again. \"I would love it if you could hang out with us more, Stephanie. But if you don't want to, that's ok too.\" She was about to say she would love it too, then sighed. \"I'm not sure what I want to do right now, Virgil. I think I would like to, but I just don't really know. Give me some time, ok?\" Virgil nodded, then smiled a little bit. \"Is it too much to invite you to lunch? Cafeteria food isn't all that great, I know, but we have a pretty good view of things from our table.\" Stephanie hesitated, then laughed. \"I think a change of view will be good for me.\" With another smile Virgil offered his arm, which Stephanie took with a laugh. But they both got quieter once they actually reached the table. Zeke looked up and in looked between the two of them for a few seconds, then shrugged and looked down again. It looked like he was trying to fix a watch. Stephanie glanced at Virgil, then they sat down. \"So,\" Zeke said without looking up, \"since when do you hang with us at school?\" \"Is that ok?\" Stephanie asked softly. \"Of course it is, Steph,\" Virgil said quickly, but she still looked at Zeke to answer. \"Yeah. I just didn't know if you'd ever get around to doing it.\" \"Why wouldn't I?\" Zeke looked up and studied Stephanie's face for a few seconds, then went back to working on the watch. \"Are you kidding me? People are already starting to stare. Popular cheerleaders just don't sit with people like us.\" With shock Stephanie started to look around. People really were staring. As must as she hated to admit it, Stephanie knew Zeke was right. She felt her face get hot. Why did people have to be like that? \"Steph, you can leave if you want to,\" Virgil said softly. Stephanie had no idea what she wanted to do. She really would like to eat with Virgil, and even Zeke, but what would other people think about her? She had to admit it, she was a people-pleaser. She wanted to make everybody happy. How could she do that in this situation? \"Hey guys.\" Charlie's voice interrupted her thoughts as he sat down out the table. \"Oh, uh, hi Stephanie.\" Suddenly she heard footsteps and saw Derek hurrying over to her. \"Stephanie, what are you doing?!\" \"Derek, uh...\" What could she say? \"You can't eat with them!\" Virgil, Zeke, and Charlie were all just staring at them. So was everyone else in the cafeteria. \"Why not?\" she whispered. Everyone had gotten quiet, and Stephanie could practically feel their eyes boring into her. \"You're my girlfriend. You don't eat lunch with other guys! Besides, everyone has their tables, and this is not yours!\" \"Steph, it's ok,\" Virgil said quietly. Her eyes appologized to him, but she said nothing as she slowly moved to sit with Derek. Everyone slowly started talking again, but they talked quietly, most of them looking over at Stephanie every few minutes. She wished she could just crawl into a hole somewhere, away from everyone else. Derek didn't say anything, but she could tell he was embarrassed and angry. She wanted to please everyone, including Derek, but how could she please Virgil and Derek at the same time? How could she live in two different worlds? Virgil sighed as he looked down at the table. Charlie looked uncomfortable, and Zeke stopped working on his watch. \"How long's it gonna take?\" Zeke asked quietly. \"What're you talking about?\" Virgil answered, looking up at his friend. \"When's she gonna choose who's side she's on?\" \"Stephanie?\" Zeke nodded. \"This is really hard for her, dude,\" Virgil answered. Zeke shook his head. \"It shouldn't be hard to tell who your real friends are.\" \"It doesn't seem like it, but it can be hard.\" \"Maybe. But she's gotta figure out who's side she's on, because right now she can't be on both.\"[Chapter 7] Virgil sighed as he laid back on his bed. It had been about two weeks since Stephanie had wanted to eat lunch with them. He'd seen her off and on since, but they mostly just talked outside of school. She had come to his house a week ago, last Friday night, but had just called to say she couldn't hang out tonight. One subject had been on his mind a lot because of something that happened last Friday night when Stephanie was over. He couldn't stop thinking about it... \"Is there really no better way to spend Friday nights?\" Zeke asked, plopping down on Virgil's couch with a bag of chips in his hand. \"Surely there's something better on tv.\" \"Better than this?!\" Charlie asked. \"No way!\" \"How many natural disasters are they gonna do, anyways? They have to run out sometime.\" Virgil laughed. \"That's true, I guess. Then we'll go back to having no life on Friday nights.\" \"You call this a life ?\" Zeke asked, but he was smiling. Stephanie laughed. \"You guys sure fight a lot.\" \"Yeah,\" Charlie said absentmindedly, without taking his attention off the tv. \"Jeanette told us that once after we went back in time.\" \"Charlie!\" Zeke yelled, sitting up suddenly and spilling potato chips all over Virgil's couch. Stephanie looked quickly between all three of the guys. \"What?\" \"Nothing,\" Virgil said quickly. Zeke and Charlie were looking at him with nervous faces and Stephanie was looking at him with confusion. He had to say something. But what could he say? He wasn't going to lie to Stephanie, but he couldn't really tell her the truth either. \"Um, it's nothing.\" \"Did he say-\" \"It doesn't matter what he said,\" Virgil said, interrupting Stephanie. \"Sometimes when Charlie gets ideas about some science thing he starts talking like he's actually done them.\" That was true, Charlie had done that before, but Virgil still felt guilty. Stephanie opened her mouth to say something but Virgil's mom walked into the room and asked how everything was going. \"Everything's fine, mom,\" Virgil answered, but he wasn't sure of that himself... With a small groan Virgil sat up on his bed again. The rest of that night had been pretty quiet, and seemed kind of tense. After Charlie appologized to him and Zeke later on no one had brought up the subject all week. Still, Virgil couldn't get it out of his head. He quickly leaned over and grabbed his phone, then started hitting the numbers. Standing up he held it to his ear and started to walk around his room. \"Yeah?\" \"Hey Zeke.\" \"Hey Virg. What up?\" \"Uh, not a whole lot.\" \"Ok, so why did you call?\" Zeke asked. He never was one to beat around the bush. \"Actually, it's about last Friday night.\" \"Ok, what about it?\" \"Well, um...\" \"You want to tell her, don't you, Virg?\" Virgil laughed a little bit. \"I didn't know you could read minds.\" \"Oh yeah, totally,\" Zeke answered, then his voice got serious again. \"Virg, this is huge, man.\" \"I know,\" Virgil answered with a sigh, sitting down on his bed again. \"But, Zeke...\" \"Have you talked to Charlie yet?\" \"No. I wanted to see what you think first, 'cause I already know Charlie's gonna freak when I tell him. Do you really think I shouldn't?\" Zeke was quiet for a little bit. \"After what happened last Friday, I think it might be good to tell her. I just honestly don't know if she'll believe you.\" \"That's what I was worried about, too. But I just really feel like I should tell her.\" \"What will you do if she doesn't believe you?\" \"I really don't know.\" \"Talk to Charlie. If he lets you, tell her. Good luck, bro.\" \"Thanks, Zeke. See ya tonight.\" \"Later Virg.\" Virgil hung up his phone and looked at it. Time to call Charlie. Oh boy.[Chapter 8] \"No way!\" \"Charlie, c'mon...\" \"No, Virgil! No, no, no, no, no !\" \"Charlie, just listen to me-\" \"Are you out of your mind?! We cannot tell anyone!\" \"But after Friday night she deserves to know.\" Virgil felt like that was the first entire sentence he had gotten in since he first called. \"Look,\" Charlie said slowly, calming down a little, \"I'm sorry that I slipped last week. But Virgil, Stephanie can't know about this! No one can!\" \"Why not? It's not like we even have the time machine anymore.\" \"But if anyone found out they might want us to make it again or something!\" \"Who says they would even believe us?\" \"Who says Stephanie will believe you?\" Virgil sighed. \"I don't know. But I need to tell her.\" \"I don't know about this, Virgil.\" \"Come on, Charlie. What's the worst that could happen?\" \"A lot.\" Virgil waited without answering. After a few seconds of silence Charlie sighed. \"Fine.\" Virgil's jaw dropped. \"Really?\" \"I guess so.\" \"Thank you, Charlie!\" \"Just be sure she's the only one you tell, ok Virgil?\" \"Yeah, sure. Thanks man, I didn't know if you'd let me.\" \"I don't know why I am. She's the only one, right?\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" \"No, not 'whatever', Virgil! Seriously, she's the only one!\" \"Ok, Charlie. Thanks man. See you tonight.\" \"Bye.\" \"Bye.\"[Chapter 9] Stephanie stood with one hand resting on her hip, looking into her closet. She couldn't decide what to wear. Derek wanted her to watch a movie with him and some of his friends over at his house. She didn't want to be too dressed up, but still wanted to look nicer than usual. Still having a few hours before going over there, she sighed as she looked at her clothes. Suddenly her phone rang. Shutting her closet door, she walked over to pick it up. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Stephanie.\" \"Oh, hey Virgil. Um, sorry, but didn't I already tell you I can't hang out tonight?\" \"Oh, yeah, you did, but that wasn't what I was calling about, actually. It's not quite tonight yet, though.\" \"What do you mean, Virgil?\" \"Uh, do you think you could come over to my house? Just for a little bit.\" \"I guess so. Why?\" \"I wanted to talk to you about something.\" Stephanie felt her stomach tie in a knot. Ever since last Friday things had felt really weird, especially around Virgil and Charlie and Zeke. Realizing that Virgil was waiting for her to answer, she glanced over at her clock. \"Um, ok, I guess that would be all right, if it's quick.\" \"I'll try to make it. See you in a few minutes?\" \"Yeah. Bye Virgil.\" \"Bye Steph.\" OoOoOoOoOoOo Stephanie sighed a little as she knocked on Virgil's door. She tried to smile when Mrs. Fox answered the door. \"Hi Stephanie. Virgil's in the living room.\" \"Thanks, Mrs. Fox.\" She walked into the house and to the living room where Virgil was waiting. \"Hey Steph. Thanks for coming over.\" \"No problem.\" Stephanie sat down on the couch across from Virgil and tried to act casual. \"What did you want to talk to me about?\" Virgil's uneasy face didn't help to calm down Stephanie's stomach. He looked really nervous. \"Uh, it was about last Friday night.\" The smile Stephanie had been trying to keep on her face disappeared. The one thing she was worried about but most wanted to know about was here now. No ignoring it or wondering about it. This was it. \"Ok.\" That was all she could say. Virgil sighed, then plunged in. He told her about the time machine, the \"snowsuit guys\", the black hole, and how, when they had come back, they had gone back in time so nobody knew about any of it. Stephanie listened without saying a word or showing any sort of a reaction on her face. She just sort of sat there, but she didn't lose a single word Virgil said. \"So, that's it.\" Virgil leaned back a little bit and looked at her. \"Wow, Virgil,\" Stephanie whispered, not even looking at him. \"I know! It's-\" \"It's just great to lie to your friends.\" \"Stephanie!\" Virgil looked shocked. \"I would never lie to you!\" \"Wow,\" Stephanie said again with a small laugh, but tears were starting to form in her eyes. \"First you lie, then you pretend like you actually expect me to believe you.\" \"But, I, I mean...\" Stephanie looked over at Virgil. He looked completely confused and unsure of himself, and that surprised Stephanie, because she had never seen Virgil look like that. \"Just stop, Virgil,\" she whispered in a shaky voice. \"Stephanie, please.\" She had never seen him look so hurt. For a few seconds as she looked at him she began to doubt herself, then she shook her head. \"This is ridiculous, Virgil. I don't know if you're trying to impress me or if you just think I'm stupid. But please don't ever talk to me about this again.\" \"I'm not lying to you, Steph,\" Virgil whispered. Stephanie met her long-time friend's eyes, but the tears she saw forming there were too much for her to handle. With one last shake of her head she stood up and ran out of the house. She stopped when she got outside and tried to slow her rapid breathing. Everything was blurry. The world was swimming through the tears in her eyes. Even though the setting sun warmed her body Stephanie shivered.[Chapter 10] \"Did you really expect anything different, man?\" \"I guess not. I just didn't think she would react like that. She thought I lied to her!\" \"What else would she think?\" \"I don't know. I just really hoped somehow she would believe me.\" \"Virg, if, before we were the minutemen, someone you knew came up to you and told you they had figured out how to time travel, would you believe them?\" Zeke could hear Virgil's breathing on the other end of the phone and waited quietly for his friend's answer. \"No.\" \"It really does sound pretty crazy.\" \"But Steph usually is more willing to believe stuff like this.\" \"Yeah she did when she could actually see the minutemen. She has no evidence, and time travel is so out there, I probably wouldn't believe you either, dude.\" \"But what do I do now? She probably won't ever want to talk to me again.\" \"Honestly, I'm not sure, Virgil. We'll work it out somehow, ok? Just not tonight.\" \"I feel so awful, Zeke. She looked so, oh I don't know. So hurt.\" \"That's not your fault, Virg. You told her the truth. That's all you can do. I guess it's up to her whether she'll trust you enough to believe you or not.\" OoOoOoOoOoOo Stephanie picked out an outfit without even noticing which it was, quickly reapplied her makeup, then sat down on the edge of her bed, staring at her clock. Finally she decided she could head over to Derek's, even though it was still a little early. She tried not to think about Virgil, but she couldn't help a sudden thought that came to her as she was driving. Virgil had said they were going to be at Charlie's house tonight. Charlie lives right next to Derek. She groaned, then thought about canceling with Derek. She really didn't feel very good. But he'd probably be upset if she bailed on him three weeks in a row. Sighing, she pulled into Derek's driveway. Glancing over, she saw Virgil's car and Zeke's motorcycle outside Charlie's house. Before she got out of the car Stephanie leaned her head forward on the steering wheel and sighed. She just hoped she wouldn't have to face Virgil again any time soon. Truthfully, she didn't want to see anyone just then, but thought that watching a movie with Derek and his friends might get things off her mind. It didn't. Throughout the movie she couldn't concentrate. Any time someone tried to talk to her it took a long time to get her attention. Finally, about half way through the movie they were watching, she stood up off the couch. \"I'm sorry guys,\" she said softly. \"I need to go outside and get some fresh air.\" \"Are you ok?\" one of the girls asked. \"Yeah I'm fine. Just go ahead and keep watching the movie.\" As she headed to the door she heard someone get up behind her. \"Hey Steph!\" Turning around, she saw Derek walking toward her. \"Yeah?\" He came close to her and lowered his voice. \"Just uh, promise me you're just going outside. Don't go over to Charlie Tuttle's house, ok?\" She nodded. \"I won't, Derek, don't worry. I promise. I don't want to go over there at all.\" Derek nodded and went back to his seat on the couch. Stephanie glanced back one more time to see Jocelyn Lee sit down next to him. With a small sigh she walked out the door. The night was a little bit chilly, but the slight breeze felt refreshing. Closing her eyes, she just stood there, trying to stop the thoughts racing through her head, but it wasn't much help. Finally she allowed her thoughts to keep going through her mind and she tried to sort them out. Why would Virgil do that? He's never lied to me the entire time we've been friends. Making up some stupid story is one thing, but then he was acting like I should actually believe him! How could I? Should I? But how? It's impossible. But I've never seen him look like that, either. He looked so hurt that I wouldn't believe him. What am I supposed to do? \"Stephanie?\" The sudden voice startled her, but as soon as she opened her eyes she wished she could shut them again. \"Oh, hi Zeke.\" \"Uh, are you ok?\" he asked slowly, looking at her. She nodded. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Just wishing I was invisible. He didn't look like he really believed her, but just shrugged and walked over to his bike. She watched him rummage through a backpack and pull out his cell phone, then check for any missed calls. Putting the phone in his pocket, he turned back towards Charlie's house. Suddenly he stopped. Everything inside Stephanie wanted him to keep going, just to leave. But he turned around. \"Virgil didn't lie to you.\" She groaned. \"He told you?\" \"Yeah. If you were in his place, wouldn't you want to tell someone that actually does believe you that your friend didn't believe you?\" Stephanie didn't answer, just looked down at the grass under her feet. Still wishing Zeke would go away, she didn't look up when he walked a little bit closer to her. \"Everything he told you was true. The time travel, the minutemen, the black hole, everything.\" \"Do you honestly expect me to just believe him?!\" Stephanie exploded, looking up at Zeke. This time she didn't take her eyes away. What Zeke said next shocked her so much that she kept looking at his face, trying to understand. \"No, Stephanie. Honestly I don't.\" \"You don't?\" \"No. What I do expect you to do is to think it through, not just immediately assume that Virgil's either crazy or a liar.\" Stephanie's eyes fell again as she thought about that. \"Look,\" Zeke continued. \"I haven't known Virgil for very long, really, but I already know that he doesn't like to lie, especially to people who are close to him. Has he ever lied to you before?\" \"No,\" Stephanie admitted softly. \"Listen, you can choose whether you believe Virgil or not. All I'm saying is that me and Charlie both back him up 100, and you know that he wouldn't lie to you. Forget what it actually was that he told you, and remember that where you make your decision is based on those two things and how much you trust him.\" Without another word Zeke walked back into Charlie's house and left Stephanie standing outside, thinking about what he had said.[Chapter 11] Dear Diary, I can barely believe it, but it'll have been a week tomorrow since Virgil talked to me about the whole time travel thing. Six days and I still don't know what to think. I haven't seen much of him since then, either. I've kinda tried to avoid him at school. I don't want to, but I don't want to see him, either. I don't know what I want to do. A while back I wrote in this that I had two choices, basically Derek and popularity or Virgil and, well, whatever would come with that. But I don't know what to do. Part of me would want to be friends with Virgil and Charlie and Zeke, but now after the whole time travel thing I'm not sure. And sometimes when I'm with them I just feel so awkward, like I can't relate to them. Zeke's a foster child, so I don't know what that's like at all, so it's hard to relate to him, and Charlie's super smart, so half the time I have no clue what he's talking about. And I don't even know what to think of Virgil anymore. I never thought I'd say that. I have to know what to do, but I don't see how I can. I haven't been able to stop thinking about what Zeke said last Friday night. He's right, Virgil hates to lie. He always has. And I know he's not crazy. I'm starting to think I am, because part of me actually wants to believe him. All common sense tells me not to. But I've always believed Virgil on everything...I really must be crazy! I'm actually starting to believe him. I don't know how, but all I know is that I trust him. Wow, I can't believe I feel this way, but I think I would rather be crazy and be friends with Virgil than be popular and not be his friend. I think I'm gonna go to Virgil's house.[Chapter 12] 1 \"Amy, gonget the door!\" Virgil yelled without taking his eyes off the videongame he was playing. \"Fine, I'm going! Hopefully it's not one of your dumb friends, like usual!\" Virgil smiled a little bit. Even though Amy pretended she didn't, she had become pretty fond ofnboth Zeke and Charlie. Honestly, Virgil couldn't think of whonmight be at the door, but he didn't really care too much. \"Oh, hi there!\" Amy'snvoice drifted to Virgil from the doorway, and she sounded morenfriendly than usual, but Virgil just shrugged and kept playing hisngame. \"Hi Amy!\" Stephanie saidnwith a smile. Virgil's little sister was so cute. \"Why are you here,nStephanie?\" \"Well-\" Stephanie wasnabout to say that she had wanted to talk to Virgil, but then she gotnan idea. \"Can I talk to you for a few seconds, Amy?\" Amy looked surprised, butnhappy. \"Of course!\" Stephanie bent down to Amy'snlevel and lowered her voice a little bit so Virgil wouldn't hearnher if he was close by. \"I just want you to tell me one thing.\" Amy smiled and nodded. \"How often does Virgilnlie?\" Amy'snsmile faded and she crossed her arms. \"If you would have asked menanything else I could have told you all sorts of embarrassing stuffnabout him. But lying?\" She shook her head. \"Virgil never lies. He's only told a couple lies that I can remember, but who hasn't? And he never liesnabout anything big or important.\" Stephanie nodded and smiled anlittle bit, knowing what she had to do. \"Thanks, Amy. Can I talknto Virgil now?\" Amy shrugged and rolled herneyes. \"Sure, he's in the living room.\" Virgil didn't even look upnwhen Stephanie walked in the room, he just kept playing video gamesnwith his back to her. \"Who was it, Amy?\" henasked. Stephanie smiled a little. \"No one too important.\" Virgil turned around when henheard her voice. \"Woah, hey Steph!\" \"Hey Virgil.\" \"Uh, what are you doingnhere?\" She smiled a little bit. \"DonI need a reason to visit my friend?\" Virgil smiled back, answeringnher like he had once before. \"Good point.\" \"Well, actually, Virgil,nlike usual, I did come for a reason today.\" \"Ok. What's up?\" Stephanie sighed as she satndown on the couch. She wanted to look down at the floor and playnnervously with the ring she was wearing, but she forced herself tonkeep her hands still and to slowly look up into Virgil's eyes. \"I believe you.\" Her words were barely anwhisper, but they seemed to echo over and over again in the silencenthat followed them. Virgil just stared at her for a few minutes. Finally he shook his head a little bit and laughed softly. \"It'snlike I want to say something but I don't know what,\" he saidnquietly, but he was smiling. \"Do you really believe me, Steph?\" She smiled back and noddednher head. \"Yeah. I believe that you wouldn't lie to me, so I'llnbelieve you when you tell me something. Even if it sounds crazy,\"nshe added with a laugh. Virgil smiled, then suddenlyngot a weird look on his face. \"What's wrong?\" \"It might not sound soncrazy after all.\" \"Uh, it's time travel,nVirgil, of course it does.\" Virgil didn't look like henhad heard. \"Wait right here, Steph.\" Without another word hentook off up the stairs to his bedroom.[Chapter 13] Virgil frantically rummaged through the mess that was his room. He started muttering to himself as he tore everything apart, looking for one thing. \"C'mon, where is it?\" He ran to his closet and shoved the clothes in it over to one side. Hanging at the end was his snowsuit. Unzipping it he found a big pocket on the inside and felt it. There was definitely something in there. Holding his breath he pulled it out and ran back downstairs. OoOoOoOoOoOo Stephanie was feeling extremely confused. She felt better after choosing to believe Virgil, but now he had taken off without any explanation. Playing with a small strand of hair she listened as he threw things around in his room upstairs. After a few minutes she heard his door open and shut again, then heard his feet running down the stairs. \"Virgil, what's going on?\" she asked as soon as her friend came into sight. With a victorious smile Virgil held up a VHS tape with nothing written on it. \"Uh, it's a tape.\" \"Not just any tape! The big football game is coming up still, right?\" \"Well, yeah. Derek won't stop talking about it.\" \"What if I told you that you could watch the game right now?\" Stephanie didn't answer. She had no clue how to respond. But Virgil just smiled and stuck the tape into his VCR. Stephanie began to watch, still feeling confused, but soon she was leaning forward with her mouth open in amazement. When the tape ended she fell back against the couch and looked up at Virgil. \"Is that really...?\" Virgil nodded. \"That's the game that's next Friday. Or at least, how it happened in the past. Or the future. Time travel can get confusing. But you guys asked me to go back and change it since the team lost and Derek felt like it was his fault. I took this tape with me then to show you guys when I got back. Because I took it with me on that jump it still existed. Then I forgot to take it out of my snowsuit. So I still have it.\" \"It's really true,\" Stephanie whispered. \"Of course it is, Steph. I told you I would never lie to you.\" \"I'm sorry, Virgil,\" she said softly. Suddenly she looked up at him and her smile became huge. She jumped off the couch. \"It's really true! You really time traveled! That is so cool!!\" Virgil smiled. \"That's what you told me the first time you found out. The time that doesn't exist now.\" She shook her head. \"That is so weird.\" Virgil stood up. \"I know it is. I'm just glad you believe me now, like you did then.\" \"This is so huge, Virg!\" \"But you can't tell anyone. Ok?\" \"Ok.\" \"Promise me you won't tell anyone at all.\" She looked up at Virgil and saw how serious he was. Then she nodded. \"I promise, Virgil.\"[Chapter 14] Stephanie sat alone in her room, not stopping the tears that ran down her face. She slowly shook her head, not wanting to believe what she had seen, but unable to get it out of her head. Trying to calm down enough to talk, she reached over and grabbed her phone. OoOoOoOoOoOo Virgil looked up as his phone rang. He leaned over and picked it up. \"Hello?\" \"Uh, Virgil?\" a choked up voice answered. His eyes got wide and his stomach tied in a knot. \"Stephanie, what's wrong?\" \"Um-\" Her voice ended in a sob. \"Hold on I'll be right there.\" Virgil quickly hung up the phone then ran downstairs. \"Where are you going, speedy?\" his dad asked from where he was sitting on the couch. \"I'm going to Stephanie's, I'll be back in not too long.\" He ran into the kitchen and grabbed a bag from the cupboard. Looking down at hit he shook his head. It was pasta shells. He quickly put it back and grabbed the pistachio nuts that were there. As he drove to Stephanie's house Virgil's mind was racing. He hoped so much that it wouldn't be what he thought it was, but something told him that it would be. As he pulled to a stop at the stop sign he banged his fist against the wheel. \"I've changed the past before! Why couldn't I change this?\" he wondered out loud. \"Why did this have to happen again? I don't understand.\" OoOoOoOoOoOo Stephanie looked up when she heard a knock on her door. She quickly wiped the tears off her face. \"Come in.\" The door opened slowly and Virgil stuck his head in. \"Hey, Steph.\" \"Hey Virg,\" she said softly. Virgil came in quickly and sat down in front of her. \"What's wrong, Stephanie?\" \"Well, um, I had to go to the mall today.\" Virgil listened quietly. So far it wasn't the same, but she had only gotten one sentence out. He hoped against hope that it wouldn't be about Derek and Jocelyn. \"And, well, I saw Derek there.\" He stayed quiet, but Virgil's hope had died. \"He was with Jocelyn Lee.\" Stephanie paused to brush the tears off her face again. \"They were by themselves, and they were holding hands, then Derek put his arm around her. It was pretty obvious that it wasn't just a friendly thing.\" Virgil let out a small sigh of relief. It wasn't as bad as last time. But it was still bad. Poor Stephanie. \"Steph, I'm sorry.\" \"I knew it, too,\" Stephanie said softly, shaking her head. \"I feel so stupid. I saw this coming but didn't want to admit it.\" \"Well, Stephanie, I brought you some pistachio nuts because I knew how much you liked them. I almost brought some pasta shells on accident.\" Stephanie smiled a little bit, and took the bag of pistachios. \"Thanks, Virgil. You're a good friend.\" Stephanie looked at him for a few seconds. \"Are you ok? You look like you want to say something.\" Virgil sighed. \"It's not that I want to say something. It's that I feel like I should but can't decide.\" Stephanie pushed her hair back and wiped her eyes again. \"Well, now I'm curious, so you have to tell me.\" She tried to smile a little bit but couldn't when she saw how serious Virgil's face was. He looked up at her and he looked almost as sad as she was feeling. \"Steph, this has happened before.\" \"What are you talking about, Virg?\" \"When we were the minutemen, in the past or the future or whatever it was. In the time that only me and Charlie and Zeke know about. Almost this exact same thing happened. Except it was-\" He shook his head. \"It just happened.\" Stephanie stared at him in shock, unable to say anything. \"Believe me, Stephanie, if there were any way I could have saved you from being hurt like this I would have.\" She had to hold back tears again. \"You could have told me,\" she whispered. \"I didn't know he'd do it again.\" \"He's the same guy, whatever time he's in. I deserve to know things like that, Virgil.\" Virgil sighed. \"You would have been hurt either way. I wanted to keep you from this.\" Stephanie looked down as a tear slid down her face again. \"You're right, Virgil. I'm sorry. Derek just isn't the same guy he used to be.\" \"No, Stephanie. I'm sorry. You deserve to know what Derek's like. I should have told you. He's not the same, and he hasn't been for a long time. I think it started freshman year.\" \"Oh Virgil if this is about what happened that first day you have to know that Derek didn't mean for things to happen like they did. He's told me that he's sorry for what happened. But it can't be changed.\" \"Actually, Steph, it could have been. I almost did change it. But not after I realized that doing that would be a mistake.\" Stephanie held her head in her hands. \"Virgil, what are you talking about?!\" \"Ok, when I told you about the minutemen, I didn't exactly include everything.\" \"What did you leave out?\" \"When we went back to shut down the black hole, we went back to the first day of freshman year. I was about to change what happened when I saw Derek. He wasn't trying to stop it. He wasn't even just watching, which would have been bad enough. He was in on it. I'm glad I didn't change it, because I realized that Derek isn't the kind of guy I want for a friend.\" Stephanie looked at him in shock, then slowly asked, \"Is there anything else you left out?\" \"No. I only left out the stuff about Derek because I was afraid to tell you. I was so scared that you wouldn't believe me anyways. I figured that if I included the parts about Derek you would hate my guts.\" \"I'm sorry about Derek, Virgil. I see why you didn't tell me. But I'm glad that I know now. I just can't keep doing this.\" \"Doing what?\" \"Living this lie,\" she answered in a whisper. \"Staying with Derek when I want to be with you. Being popular but not having any real friends when friends are all I want and I could have that with you and your friends.\" Virgil smiled a little bit. \"Are you serious, Steph? I want you to be, I really do, but are you sure? I mean, you can break up with Derek and still be popular. If you hang with us, people are going to talk. And people can be pretty brutal in that school.\" Stephanie looked at him. \"I'm not sure. I'm not going to lie, I like being popular. But not when it's like this. If people talk, that's their problem.\" Virgil smiled wide and hugged Stephanie. \"I'm glad, Steph.\"[Chapter 15] Dear Diary, Not very long ago I felt completely torn. Honestly I was torn between being popular and actually being happy. I don't feel that was any more. Actually, I feel better than I have through all of high school. I'm not sure why it took me this long, but I'm so glad I finally made the right decision. I broke up with Derek, but rumors are going around that he's dating Jocelyn Lee. That doesn't surprise me. It was hard to do, and it was painful, but I'm glad it's over. I've been hanging out with Virgil and Charlie and Zeke, and Jeanette is there too most of the time. All of them are actually really cool. Zeke isn't all that hard to relate to, and even though Charlie's super smart he's still cool. Jeanette can be lots of fun, and of course Virgil is still Virgil. I really like him, but we both agreed not to date each other or anyone else for a while. I have to admit, it's been pretty hard around school. People talk, and the majority of it isn't nice. Going from one of the most popular girls in school to one of the \"dorks\" was hard, but it was totally worth it. It's so nice to not be torn anymore. ","Summary":" A/N- A quick note on most of my minutemen fanfics: they can stand alone for the most part, but they"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"Different","Author":"bean21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4370719","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Different Zeke pulled his motorcycle into Virgil's driveway. He sighed as he took his helmet off and shook out his hair. Good thing it was Friday, he needed to get away from the tangled up mess that was currently his life. He slowly walked toward the door and knocked. Amy swung the door open, then looked up at Zeke. \"Oh, it's just you ,\" she remarked. \"Go ahead in, they're waiting for you.\" \"Good to see you too, Amy,\" Zeke replied as he stepped past Virgil's little sister. He could already hear his two friends talking over the sound of the tv as he walked into the living room. \"Zeke!\" \"Hey man!\" \"Sorry I'm late, guys. Some stuff came up.\" \"You missed the first two tornadoes!\" Charlie exclaimed. \"No doubt you'll tell me all about them,\" Zeke answered with a smile. \"Here, have some pizza,\" Virgil offered. \"Don't mind if I do.\" Virgil handed the pizza box to Zeke, who took two large slices and transferred them to a paper plate. Looking into the box again he grabbed a third piece and laid it on top of the others. A few minutes later Charlie slid the box over to himself and opened it. \"Hey!\" Charlie exclaimed. He pushed away the empty box then reached over and grabbed the last piece of pizza from off Zeke's plate. \"That's mine, thank you very much!\" \"I don't think so!\" Zeke stood up, picking Charlie up off the couch and slinging the younger teen over his shoulders. He grabbed the pizza slice and while still holding Charlie began to eat it. \"Knock it off!\" Charlie yelled, trying to grab the pizza and get down at the same time. \"That is so not fair!\" \"Ok, guys, that's enough,\" Virgil's mom said good-naturedly, coming in from the kitchen. Zeke smiled slightly, set Charlie down, and quietly finished eating the pizza slice. At the 3rd ranked tornado Zeke's cell phone started to ring. He looked at the caller ID and groaned. \"Who's that?\" Virgil asked casually. \"Uh, it's no one. Hang on one sec.\" Zeke flipped his phone open. \"Yeah?\" he answered with agitation in his voice. With an apologetic look at Virgil and Charlie he stood up and walked out of the room. Virgil heard the door shut and exchanged a confused glance with Charlie. \"Who do you think it is?\" Charlie asked. Virgil shook his head. \"I don't know.\" They waited around a couple minutes. After a while Zeke came back inside and started to grab his things. \"I gotta go,\" was all he said. \"Who was it?\" Virgil asked. \"Is everything ok?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Zeke answered in a distracted voice. \"What's going on?\" Virgil asked again, looking a little worried. \"Nothing, just forget about it!\" \"But-\" Zeke silenced Virgil with one cold glance. \"You haven't even seen the top tornado!\" Charlie blurted as Zeke headed for the door. \"Charlie!\" Zeke exclaimed, turning around. His voice became quiet. \"Do you honestly think I care?\" Without another word Zeke turned and walked out the door. A few seconds later Virgil and Charlie heard his motorcycle start up and pull quickly out of the driveway. \"Did he just revert to 'scary Zeke' on us?\" Charlie asked softly. \"I think he did.\" \"But he never does that to us !\" \"Something's going on with him,\" Virgil answered, still looking towards the door. \"I guess we'll find out at school on Monday.\"[Chapter 2] Charlie walked down the hallway, looking around. He spotted Virgil and ran toward him. \"Hey, Virgil!\" Virgil turned and looked at Charlie with a slightly worried face. \"Have you seen him?\" \"No, not yet,\" Charlie answered as he slowed down. \"Have you?\" \"No.\" Virgil sighed as the two friends started walking together. \"School hasn't even started yet, maybe he's just a little late,\" Charlie said hopefully. \"He's not late very often. I don't know what was up with the message he left on my phone.\" \"What did it say, again?\" Virgil thought back to the message he had listened to that morning. \"It just said 'Don't worry about picking me up today Virg.' \" \"That was all?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Do you think he's gonna come to school?\" \"I don't know, Charlie. Maybe we'll find out at lunch.\" \"Yeah, you're right. Hey, I have to go.\" \"Ok,\" Virgil answered. Glancing at his watch, he figured that he had enough time to check one last place. Quickly he wound his way through the halls to the window where Zeke sat sometimes, but it was empty. \"What's going on, Zeke?\" he said softly, turning to make his way to class. At lunchtime Virgil and Charlie met outside the cafeteria and went in together. They immediately looked toward their table, where Zeke would normally be sitting, but it was empty. They quietly got their food then made their way over. \"What's that?\" Charlie asked, setting down his lunch tray. Virgil picked up a slightly crinkled piece of paper off the table and unfolded it. Written in jagged all capital letters was the word \"sorry\", with the name Zeke signed below it. \"That's it, we're finding out what's going on,\" Virgil said, walking away. \"Wait, Virgil, where are you going?\" Charlie asked. \"We can't just leave our food here! Wait, just, ah fine!\" Taking a quick bite of his lunch he ran after Virgil. \"Where are you going?\" he asked again once he caught up. \"To Vice Principal Tolkan. He might know where Zeke is.\" Virgil quickly walked through the halls with Charlie next to him. He felt like something was wrong, and he wanted to find out. As he turned the corner he collided with someone and stumbled backwards. \"Woah!\" Vice Principal Tolkan exclaimed in an annoyed voice. \"What's going on?\" He looked at Charlie and Virgil and smoothed out his suit jacket. \"You two are supposed to be eating lunch!\" \"Vice Principal Tolkan! Just the man we wanted to see!\" Virgil said, hoping to get the Vice Principal a little less annoyed at them. It worked. \"Well, usually students don't actually seek me out. You should be eating lunch, but as it's obviously important it will be all right. What can I do for you two?\" \"We were wondering if you might know where Zeke is, he doesn't seem to be here today.\" \"Zeke?\" \"Zeke Thompson,\" Charlie added. \"Oh, the big scary guy?\" Virgil and Charlie nodded. \"He showed up at my office early this morning. I excused him from school for a week, he had to leave because of legal issues.\" \"Legal issues?!\" Charlie and Virgil exclaimed at the same time. \"Yeah, I guess since he turned 18 a while back he's pushing to get out on his own, it's all really complicated.\" \"What are you talking about!?\" Charlie practically yelled. \"Well, didn't you guys know?\" \"Know what?!\" \"Zeke is a foster child.\"[Chapter 3] Virgil and Charlie slowly walked back to the cafeteria after thanking Vice Principal Tolkan. Neither of them said anything as they walked to their normal lunch table and started eating. Jeanette walked over and waved at them. \"Hey guys, mind if I sit here?\" Virgil jumped a little bit at Jeanette's sudden voice interrupting his thoughts, but he nodded his head. \"Yeah, no problem.\" She slid down next to Charlie with a smile. \"What's new, cockatoo?\" Without even waiting for an answer she quickly asked, \"Hey, where's Zeke?\" \"He's-\" Charlie began, but Virgil shook his head slightly. \"He's just not here today,\" Virgil said slowly. Jeanette frowned a little bit. \"Is everything ok? 'Cause if he's in trouble that would be so not cool...\" \"Everything's fine, Jeanette,\" Virgil interrupted, but under his breath he added \"I hope.\" The rest of the day went by slowly, and Virgil couldn't stop thinking about Zeke and wondering if he was ok. He thought about all the signs that Zeke was a foster child and how he understood them now, but never had before. Little things pointed to it, like how Zeke never mentioned his family, or how they had never actually been to Zeke's house. As he thought about it more Virgil began to feel guilty that he had never asked Zeke about it, while at the same time he wondered why Zeke never told them. He and Charlie didn't talk about it all that day until they were heading home in Virgil's car. \"Why did you stop me from telling Jeanette?\" Charlie asked. \"Because if Zeke never told us it was for a reason, and he obviously didn't want it spreading around. I want to keep it quiet until we can talk to him, ok?\" \"Ok,\" Charlie agreed. \"I'll try to call him tonight,\" Virgil said. The rest of the ride was quiet until Virgil got to Charlie's house. \"See you tomorrow.\" Charlie looked over at him. \"Do you think Zeke is gonna be ok?\" \"I hope so, Charlie.\"[Chapter 4] Virgil punched Zeke's number into his phone and held it up to his ear. \"C'mon, Zeke, pick up,\" he whispered as he listened to it ring. After a few seconds a voice came on. \" Hey, it's me, I couldn't answer my phone, leave a message .\" Suddenly Virgil didn't know what to say. \"Hey, Zeke, uh, I hope everything's going ok.\" He sighed and continued. \"Look, man, we're worried about you. You should call me or something.\" He ended the call and threw the phone on his bed. After a few seconds he picked it up again and started pushing the buttons. \"Hey, Steph?\" Stephanie's voice answered on the other end. \"Hey, Virgil! What's going on?\" \"Uh, life,\" Virgil answered with a small laugh. Stephanie laughed too. \"I can relate! So what did you call about?\" \"Oh, I don't know, nothing specifically. I guess I just needed someone to talk to.\" \"Well, I'm glad you called me. I think I needed someone to talk to, too.\" \"Talk tutu? Woah, if this is getting into ballet then I'm out of here!\" Stephanie laughed again. \"C'mon Virgil, you know that you secretly love it.\" After laughing together the two friends got quiet again. \"I miss you, Virgil,\" Stephanie said suddenly. \"We need to hang out sometime.\" \"Ok, I know this sounds really lame Steph, but hear me out,\" Virgil said with a smile. \"Maybe if you want you could hang out with us next Friday night. We always get together and watch the weather network count down the top 10 natural disasters, like tornadoes. It's me and Charlie and...\" Virgil's voice faded out. \"Virgil? Are you still there?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I'm here.\" \"That sounds like fun. I just don't know how I would tell Derek. Anyways, what about Zeke? Doesn't he hang out with you guys on Friday too? It seems like you three are always together these days. By the way, was he at school today? I didn't see him.\" \"Uh, no, he wasn't there today. Yeah, he usually hangs out with us too, but I don't know if he'll be able to this week.\" \"Why not?\" \"I think life's hitting him harder than us.\" \"Is he ok?\" \"I'm not really sure.\" \"Hey, Virgil, I'm sorry but I have to go.\" \"Ok, no problem.\" \"I hope everything's ok.\" \"Thanks, Steph. Honestly, so do I.\" \"I'm glad you called, Virgil. Call me again some time and we can talk longer.\" \"Ok. I'm glad I did too.\" \"Bye!\" \"Bye, Stephanie.\" Virgil ended the call, then quickly dialed Zeke's number one more time, but shut his phone when no one answered.[Chapter 5] \"Zeke?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I checked your phone, you missed three calls and have two new voice mails.\" \"Ok, thanks.\" Zeke grabbed his phone and looked at it. Two missed calls from Virgil and one from Charlie. He sighed and listened to his first voice mail. It was from Virgil. \" Hey, Zeke, uh, I hope everything's going ok.\" \"Never been better,\" Zeke mumbled to himself. Virgil's voice paused, then continued. \" Look, man, we're worried about you. You should call me or something.\" Zeke sighed and listened to Charlie's. \" Hi Zeke. Look, Vice Principal Tolkan told me and Virgil that you're a foster child. Are you doing ok? Please call us and tell us what's going on. Ok bye.\" Zeke pulled his phone away from his ear and looked at it. His picture was one of him, Virgil, and Charlie together. He ran his hand through his dark hair. Slowly he began to dial Virgil's number. \"Zeke?\" \"Yeah?\" \"They need you in there again.\" \"Ok.\" He closed his phone and turned it off.[Chapter 6] Virgil sighed. Home Ec. wasn't exactly his best class. They had to make cookies today. This could be interesting. \"It's Friday already and we haven't heard anything from him,\" Charlie said as he stirred the eggs and milk together. \"Do you think he's ok?\" \"He must be all right.\" Virgil paused. \"You said you told him we know he's a foster child?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Do you think he might be mad that we know?\" Virgil asked. \"Why would he be?\" \"Well, I don't know, but he never told us.\" \"But he wouldn't be mad , would he?\" \"I don't know! Hey, how many chocolate chips are we supposed to use?\" \"I don't know, the recipe doesn't say.\" \"Fine, we'll just use the whole bag.\" \"No way, Virgil, that's too many!\" Charlie grabbed the bag of chocolate chips away from his friend. \"Give me that.\" \"Hey, give it back!\" \"Uh, guys?\" Jeanette said from her table. She suddenly looked toward the door and was about to say something but stopped. The whole classroom was quietly watching, but Charlie and Virgil didn't notice. The two kept arguing and each began to pull on the bag. Virgil whacked Charlie and Charlie was about to hit back when a hand wearing a black leather glove grabbed his arm. \"Hey!\" a familiar voice said loudly. Charlie and Virgil wheeled around and stared in shock. \"No hitting.\" \"Zeke!\" \"Hey guys. Sorry to interrupt your, uh, class.\" He looked toward the home ec. teacher, who just nodded with an understanding look and told the other students to keep working. He let go of Charlie's arm. \"How did we survive a week without you, man?\" Virgil said with a smile. \"I have no idea.\" Zeke leaned over to look behind Virgil and Charlie. \"Uh, what is that?\" \"In the bowl?\" Charlie asked. Zeke nodded. \"It's cookie dough.\" Zeke smiled slightly as he looked at the soupy mixture. \"No offense, guys, but remind me to never eat anything you two make. I don't think I would even feed that to Albert Felinestein.\" \"Hey!\" Charlie said, but he was smiling. \"Listen, guys, I should let you get back to your cooking or whatever you want to call what you're doing,\" Zeke said with a small smile. \"Can we hang out after school?\" \"Sure, no problem,\" Virgil answered. \"I think we have a lot to talk about,\" Zeke added softly. \"See you guys.\" \"Zeke?\" \"Yeah, Virgil?\" \"I'm glad you're back.\" Virgil looked over at Charlie, then back at Zeke. \"We both are.\"[Chapter 7] Virgil threw a piece of grass toward the sky, waiting silently with Charlie. Zeke would be showing up any second. With a sigh he pulled another piece of grass from his back lawn and started twirling it between his fingers absentmindedly. \"What are we gonna say to him?\" he asked softly. \"What can we say?\" He looked over at Charlie who only shrugged in response. They heard a motorcycle and both of them quickly stood up and walked around to the front of the house. Zeke took his helmet off and climbed off his bike. \"Hey guys.\" \"Hey. So, I was thinking we could hang out in the back, if that's ok,\" Virgil said. Zeke nodded. \"That's fine.\" The three friends walked quietly to Virgil's back yard where Virgil and Charlie sat down on the grass and Zeke propped himself up against the tree in the yard. \"Are you ok, man?\" Virgil asked Zeke softly. \"Yeah. I mean, I guess so. This is pretty much normal for my life.\" Suddenly the kitchen door opened and Virgil's mom stuck her head out. \"Hey boys, I have some snacks for you if you want to come get them.\" \"Ok, mom, thanks,\" Virgil said. \"Want something to eat?\" he asked Zeke and Charlie. Both of them nodded and stood up. \"Good to see you again, Zeke,\" Mrs. Fox said kindly as the three boys started getting the snacks that were laid out for them. \"Thanks. It's good to be back.\" The boys moved back out to the back yard, taking their snacks with them. After a few moments of silent eating Zeke looked up at Virgil and Charlie. \"Did either of you guys tell anyone else?\" Virgil shook his head. \"We wanted to talk to you before we did. We couldn't get a hold of you all week.\" \"Sorry I didn't call you guys.\" \"Why didn't you ever tell us you're a foster child?\" Charlie blurted. \"I just don't like telling people,\" Zeke answered quietly as he looked down at his food, his long black hair partially hiding his face. \"Look, Zeke,\" Virgil began, unsure of exactly what to say, \"you didn't have to tell us if you didn't want to. But you should know that we understand...\" \"No Virgil,\" Zeke interrupted suddenly, looking up. His face was a mixture of anger and sadness. \"I don't know what you were gonna say but it doesn't matter, because neither of you guys will ever be able to understand what it's like to be me. You might understand what it's like to have issues with your family or whatever, but that is completely different. Both of you have a mom and a dad who love you, Virgil you have a little sister who, annoying as she can be, still loves you. I have moved from one family to another my entire life. Some of them liked me, some of them didn't. I liked some of them, too, but it's not the same. I have never known what it's like to have a real family, and lots of people in my life have let me down, so you'll excuse me if I don't tell people everything about my life.\" \"C'mon, Zeke, you had to have parents once,\" Virgil exclaimed. Zeke glared at him coldly. \"Don't talk about things you don't know about, Virg.\" \"Well, you should have told us anyways,\" Virgil continued. \"I mean, we're your friends! Why wouldn't you tell us? Do you not trust us or something?\" He really didn't mean to sound as rude as he did. The truth was that he had no idea how to handle the awkward situation, so his words came out harsher than he wanted. Without a word Zeke stood up and started walking away. \"Wait, Zeke!\" Charlie stood up and ran after him. Zeke stopped and looked down at him. \"Look, don't pay attention to Virgil. We want to help, really. Both of us do.\" Zeke's hard look softened a little bit. \"I'm sorry. I should go.\" \"Zeke!\" Virgil stood up and walked slowly over to Zeke and Charlie. \"Look, Zeke, I'm sorry, man.\" \"I know, Virgil. I don't think any of us are really ready to talk about this. I'm gonna go.\" Without another word Zeke slowly left.[Chapter 8] After having driven for a while Zeke pulled his motorcycle over to the side of the road. Quietly he pulled a small slip of paper out of his pocket and looked at the address written on it. He had been moving between families for so long that it got confusing when he had a new address to memorize. He stuffed the paper back in his pocket and started heading towards the home of his newest guardian. When his last foster parents hadn't wanted him anymore a couple weeks ago the Carpenter family had volunteered to keep him with them for a while. He would stay with them until he could get the legal issues of moving out on his own out of the way. This was his first day with the Carpenters. He had been able to meet them and start moving some of his stuff in a couple days ago, but this was his first day of actually staying with them. While he drove his bike down the streets he started to get a little bit nervous. The Carpenters had six young kids and had never had a foster child before. Zeke started thinking about what it might be like. He had never been good around kids. But it was too late to back out now. He pulled up to their house and parked his bike. Looking at the small home he wondered how six kids could fit into it, and how he would fit into it on top of them. He sighed and walked up to the door. Suddenly he wasn't sure if he should knock or just walk in, so he decided to knock. A young girl swung the door open and looked up. \"It's Zeke!\" she yelled. All the kids who had been running around behind her in the house suddenly ran towards the door. \"Zeke!\" Six happy faces were looking up at him and he had no idea what to do. Luckily Mrs. Carpenter came walking up. \"Go on, kids,\" she said with a smile. \"Let him come in before you attack him! Zeke, you don't have to knock anymore.\" \"Yeah, thank you.\" \"Well, come on in!\" Mrs. Carpenter walked back into her crowded house. The kids were back to running around, but the little girl that answered the door stopped and smiled up at Zeke. \"Are you my big brother now?\" she asked excitedly. Zeke couldn't help but smile a little bit. \"I guess so, for a little while.\" The girl, about five years old, smiled even bigger than before, revealing a couple missing teeth. She giggled, then ran off with her siblings. Mrs. Carpenter reappeared with the kind smile that seemed to be constantly on her face. \"Well, you know where your room is. You can go up there if you like, and dinner is in an hour. Zeke, you know we've never had a foster child before, so I'm not sure how things are normally done. So, for as long as you're with us, you're going to be part of the family.\" Zeke nodded and started up the skinny stairway. He got into his room and looked around, then set his helmet down on the bed then sat down next to it. It was a weird feeling, but he couldn't stop thinking about how excited the kids had been to see him. He was used to everyone getting really quiet and walking the other way as soon as he showed his face anywhere. Even his foster families had seemed to avoid him for the past few years. But those kids had looked so happy when he showed up. For a second he wished that everyone could be as accepting as kids are, then he thought back to some other kids in his life and he frowned.[Chapter 9] Zeke sat on the edge of his bed with his hands folded. In his mind he played back a memory he had wanted to forget for so long... \"Zeke? Are you ready? You're going to be late!\" \"I'm coming!\" Fifth-grader Zeke Thompson quickly ran out the door and climbed into his guardian's car. His smile was huge. One of the boys in his class, Timmy, was having a birthday party, and he invited Zeke. The two boys weren't exactly best friends, but they stayed together most of the time during school. This was the first birthday party Zeke had ever been to, and he couldn't wait. The party itself went fine. It was the end of the party that Zeke would never get out of his head, as much as he wanted to. Cars had started pulling up as parents came to pick up their kids. Zeke watched them silently. Pretty soon Timmy's mom walked over to the young boy. \"Do you need a ride home, Zeke?\" Zeke shook his head. \"No, my guardian's going to come pick me up.\" The kids that were left looked at him strangely. \"Your guardian?\" \"Yeah, my foster mom.\" \"You mean you don't have parents?\" one of the kids asked with a weird look. \"Well, I do, I guess.\" Zeke frowned, unsure of what to say. \"Are your parents some type of criminals or something?\" \"Timmy!\" his mom scolded. \"That's enough.\" Zeke walked away from the other kids. He felt like crying, but he wouldn't. Relief washed over him the second he saw his foster mom's car, and he ran to it without saying goodbye to the others. The rest of his fifth grade school year was miserable for young Zeke. The kids always looked at him weird, and everyone seemed to be avoiding him, even Timmy. He felt like they didn't want to be with him, or they thought he was weird, just because he was a little bit different. Before then he usually told people that he was a foster child. After that year he moved to a different town and a new school. He didn't tell anybody. He didn't really get to know anybody either. As he got older he became more isolated, preferring to stay by himself, and usually scaring away anyone that tried to get close to him. Things changed, at least a little bit, when he met Charlie and Virgil. At first he was just going into it for something to do and to build. He had no idea he would come out of it with two amazing friends. When he started to get close to Charlie and Virgil he considered telling them he was a foster child, but decided not to. As they became even better friends he wanted to tell them so badly, but he was also afraid. Zeke smiled grimly at the irony. He was the \"big scary guy\" who made everyone else afraid, but he had been scared to tell his two best friends that he was a foster child. Now he wished that he would have told them, and he had no idea what to do with the awkward situation between them. There was a soft knock on his door. \"Come in.\" The little girl who had opened the door to their house was standing there again. She looked over at him with her big blue eyes and smiled. \"Mom told me 'Go get Zeke to come down for dinner.'\" Zeke nodded and stood up to follow the young girl. He had been trying to remember all the kids' names, and suddenly he remembered hers. \"Thanks, Sarah.\" Sarah smiled her big smile again, and Zeke followed her down the stairs.[Chapter 10] \"Zeke, come watch a movie with us!\" Zeke looked down at the kids, who were holding up Toy Story . He had barely finished eating and these guys were ready to do something else. He started to wonder if they would ever get tired. \"Uh, ok I guess.\" Not long after he had sat down on the couch Mrs. Carpenter walked in. \"Kids, go ahead and start the movie. Zeke, can I talk to you for a second?\" Zeke got up and walked into the kitchen. \"I am so sorry, Zeke, but I have to go somewhere tonight on short notice,\" Mrs. Carpenter began. \"I didn't think you would want to be left alone with the kids, so I called their normal babysitter. She should be over any time now. Is that ok?\" Zeke nodded. As long as he wasn't completely alone with the munchkins he'd be ok. After talking a little bit with Mrs. Carpenter the kids yelled for him to watch the movie with them. It was about five minutes later that the doorbell rang. Zeke didn't pay much attention, he just stared at the tv screen and thought about other things, mostly Virgil and Charlie. Even when he heard a girl's cheerful voice talking with Mrs. Carpenter in the kitchen he only heard the conversation subconsciously. \"Hi! Thank you so much for coming over to watch the kids at such short notice.\" \"Oh, it's no problem. I was, like, so bored at home anyways. By the way, is the foster kid here now?\" \"Yes, he's in the living room with the kids.\" \"Ok. I just want to make him feel welcome and all. It's hard to move to a new place.\" \"But, oh, didn't I tell you? He didn't move here, he already lived here. In fact, I think he goes to your school.\" \"What?\" Zeke heard footsteps walking to the living room and he looked over. He immediately stood up. \"Jeanette?!\" \"Zeke?!\"[Chapter 11] \"What are you doing here?\" Jeanette asked with a surprised look on her face. Zeke groaned. He had kept his private life hidden from the people he knew for so long, but three people already knew his biggest secret in less than a week. The walls he had put up around his life were slowly crumbling. He shook his head and ran up the stairs without any explanation. He could hear everyone talking downstairs. Jeanette's confused voice was the loudest. \" Zeke is your foster child? No way, not Zeke! He's like, well, he's just Zeke!\" Running into his room, Zeke shut and locked his door. He held his head in his hands and tried to slow his rapid breathing. After a few minutes he sat down and tried to get his thoughts together. Things had quieted down in the living room downstairs, and it sounded like the kids were back to watching the movie. He looked out the window and saw Mrs. Carpenter pulling out of the driveway. With a frown he realized that he was alone in the house with Jeanette and the Carpenter kids. He quietly started pacing his small room, then stopped and looked sadly around it. All of his things were there. His posters were hung on the wall, his computer was set up next to the bed, and his pictures of him with Charlie and Virgil were up on the dresser, but it wasn't his room; it was the Carpenter's. He sighed as he started to think about how none of the rooms had been his, neither had the houses or the families he stayed with. He felt completely overwhelmed. He needed someone to talk to. Anyone. Taking a deep breath he unlocked his door and walked down the stairs. Quietly he stuck his head into the living room. Jeanette was sitting on the couch with the kids, who were still watching \"Toy Story.\" Zeke cleared his throat and everyone looked back at him. \"Uh, Jeanette, can I talk to you?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" Jeanette and Zeke walked into the kitchen and stood there a little awkwardly. \"So, you're their babysitter?\" Zeke asked, trying to think of something to say. He could only think that he wished he had stayed upstairs. \"Yeah, I am,\" Jeanette replied with a smile. \"They're such good kids. Most nights I bring over my bird matching game, but I forgot to get it tonight since it was pretty short notice. The kids love that game. I think they like the pictures of the birds. It's sort of like concentration, but with bird pictures...\" Zeke just looked at Jeanette. Her she was, after what had happened earlier, and she was smiling and rambling off about birds like everything was normal. Then he realized that she had stopped talking and was looking at him. \"So,\" Zeke said softly, \"I guess you know my secret now.\" \"What secret?\" Jeanette looked confused, then she smiled. \"Oh, you mean the foster child thing?\" She shrugged. \"That's no big deal.\" \"But, I never tell anyone,\" Zeke said, with a slightly confused look. \"Yeah. I don't really see why, but I mean it's your life, you don't have to tell anyone if you don't want to.\" \"Well, weren't you surprised or anything?\" He couldn't figure out why Jeanette seemed so calm. He had gotten a lot of different responses when people learned he was a foster child, but Jeanette's attitude of total acceptance was one of the weirdest yet. \"Well, I guess I was at first,\" she admitted. \"But only because I didn't know why you were here. Then Mrs. Carpenter explained that you're the foster child they've been talking about. It was a little surprising, but then I just thought that it was really cool that you're here.\" \"Trust me, Jeanette, there is nothing cool about being a foster child,\" Zeke said coldly. Jeanette stepped backwards some, looking sort of intimidated. Then she smiled. It wasn't her usual, spunky smile, though. It was softer, but still sincere. \"Ok, so maybe being a foster child isn't cool in itself, but you have to admit that some cool things have happened to you because of it.\" \"Like what?\" \"Like staying with the Carpenters. They're a really good family, and they care about you already Zeke, even though they've only know you a couple days. The kids were so excited, they wouldn't stop telling me about the 'big brother' they were gonna have. And, think about it, if you weren't a foster child, you probably would have never moved to this town in the first place.\" \"So? What are you getting at?\" \" So , you would have never met Virgil or Charlie. You guys all seem to be, like, really close.\" Zeke paused, then nodded. \"Thanks, Jeanette.\" Without saying anything else he slowly walked back upstairs to his room. Once he had shut the door again he started to think about what Jeanette had said. He thought about what his life would be like if he hadn't moved to the town he had lived in for the past several years. He would never have met Charlie and Virgil, never helped build the time machine, never have been one of the minutemen. Suddenly he realized that he would never have had the greatest experience in his life, or the greatest friends.[Chapter 12] 1 Virgilnflopped down onto his couch and grabbed the tv remote. It was onlynhalf way through Saturday and he was already bored. He turned the tvnon and started flipping through the channels, but he wasn't reallynpaying attention. He paused on a random channel, too absorbed withnhis thoughts to see what he had landed on. \"Wow, Virg,\" a voice saidnfrom behind him. \"I didn't know you were into opera.\" Virgil whirled around to seenZeke standing behind him with a small smile on his face. \"What arenyou talking about, Zeke?\" Zeke just nodded at the tv. Virgil looked back and saw that the channel he landed on was playingnan opera performance. He laughed. \"Oh yeah,\" he answerednsarcastically. \"I guess you found out my secret addiction!\" Zeke smiled. \"Sorry to,nuh, interrupt. Your mom let me in.\" \"Don't worry about it. Not like I was doing anything anyways!\" He turned off the tv. \"Gonahead and sit down.\" Zeke did sit down and henlooked over at Virgil. \"So, what's up?\" Virgilnasked. \"Uh, a lot,\" Zekenanswered softly. \"You know you can tell menif you want to.\" Zeke smiled a little. \"Yeah,nI know.\" He laughed. \"Man, you thought we landed in munchkinnland when we went into that black hole. I think I somehow got myselfnthere again.\" Virgil had no idea what Zekenwas talking about, but he laughed. \"Are the munchkins as annoyingnas they were then?\" \"Never thought I'd hearnmyself say this, but they don't seem to be half bad. At least theyndon't ask me if maccaroni is a vegetable.\" \"Do you still have yourngrappling hook just in case anything goes wrong?\" \"Hey, you making fun of thenhook again?\" \"No man, just making surenyou have it. Who knows when it'll come in handy!\" \"Need I remind you, Virgil,nwe could be stuck in the past if not for my grappling hook. Thennthere would be two of you to live down the 'incident.' Now thatncould be weird.\" The two friends startednlaughing. Virgil was relieved that the tension between them was gonenagain. Things got quiet after a few seconds and Zeke's face becamenmore serious. \"Listen, Virgil, I camenover here to tell you something.\" \"Ok, what is it?\" Zeke sighed then lookednstraight at Virgil. \"Look, I am not the kind of guy that tellsneveryone what's going on in my life, as you've seen. I hatentelling people how I feel or being 'open' or whatever you want toncall it. But I am sick and tired of keeping everything from you andnCharlie. I want to tell you guys about my life, at least a littlenbit. I want you to know what's going on and I want to be able tontell you things in the future.\" \"All right.\" \"Can you guys come over tonthe house I'm staying in on Monday after school? Sorry to word itnlike that, I know it sounds weird, but it's always been weird fornme to call the place I'm staying my home.\" \"Yeah, that's fine. We'll be over.\" \"Ok, I'll email you thenaddress. Sorry, but I should probably get going.\" Zeke stood upnoff the couch. \"Zeke?\" \"Yeah, Virgil?\" \"Thanks for coming over.\" Virgil smiled. Zeke smiled back a littlenbit. He started to leave, then turned back. \"Oh, Virgil?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Don't be surprised ifnJeanette is over there too.\" \"What?!\" Zekenlaughed. \"I said don't be surprised.\" \"Uh, ok.\" Virgil gavenZeke a confused look, but then he smiled. \"See ya on Monday,nZeke.\" \"Later.\"[Chapter 13] \"He wants us to go to his house?!\" Charlie exclaimed. \"Yeah. Well, his foster parent's house,\" Virgil answered, switching his phone from one ear to the other. \"You're sure?\" Charlie's voice sounded doubtful as it crackled over the phone. \"Dude, he left my house two minutes ago.\" \"But you're sure we're talking about the same Zeke?\" \"Oh come on, it's not that surprising.\" There were a few seconds of silence. \"Ok wipe that stupid smirk off your face 'cause I know it's there, Charlie. So it was surprising, but I don't really see why it should be.\" \"Virgil, this is Zeke we're talking about. You know, the guy who doesn't tell anyone anything? Are you sure he wasn't joking?\" \"I'm positive. You know as well as I do that he wouldn't joke about something like this. Besides, he looked so serious, he couldn't have been joking.\" \"Yeah, you're right,\" Charlie said softly. \"Life can just be so crazy sometimes, it kinda caught me off guard.\" \"I know what you mean. Hey, sorry, but I need to go, dude,\" Virgil said quickly. \"I think I hear Amy trying to give the hamsters a make-over again.\" \"Ok, see ya. Have fun with that.\" \"Later.\" Virgil shut his phone. \"Amy!?\" OoOoOoOoOoOo Zeke slung his backpack off his shoulder and set it on the ground next to his table. He was the first person in the cafeteria so he just sat down and started thinking. Virgil and Charlie were coming over to the Carpenter's house today; Mrs. Carpenter had given him permission to have them over. He had told all the Carpenter kids, too. It was pretty crazy how excited they got about meeting someone new. He was able to get a taste of what it must have been like for Jeanette after the Carpenters decided to take in a foster child. He wouldn't of thought he would admit it, but he had been having a fairly good time with the Carpenters the last couple days. He still felt a little weird around the kids, but he was getting used to them, not to mention finally getting all their names down. Truthfully, the Carpenters were one of the best foster families he had ever stayed with. They treated him like he was part of their family, nothing else. Still, he was a little bit nervous about Virgil and Charlie going over there. Mainly he was still not quite sure what exactly he was going to say to them. Zeke looked up and noticed a couple students coming into the cafeteria. Most of the popular teens were coming in, including Stephanie and Derek. He watched them for a few seconds, then looked down and started fiddling with the fork on his table absentmindedly. \"Hi.\" As much as the sudden voice surprised Zeke, he was even more surprised when he looked up and saw the speaker. \"Stephanie?\" \"You're Zeke, right?\" Stephanie asked with a smile. \"Uh, yeah.\" \"I'm Stephanie, but I guess you already knew that.\" Zeke just looked up at the popular blonde girl in front on him with a questioning look while she stood there a little awkwardly. \"Well,\" she said, \"I just noticed that you were gone last week so I thought I'd say that it's nice to have you back. Plus I thought I should finally introduce myself for real since I never have. Virgil talks about you a lot, so I just thought I'd say hi.\" She smiled a little bit again, then started to leave. \"So what does Virgil say about me?\" Zeke asked suddenly, without looking up. Stephanie turned back to him and smiled again. \"Well, he says that you're really into interpretive dance,\" she said slowly, then she started laughing as soon as Zeke looked up at her with a hint of a smile on his face. \"Mind if I sit down?\" she asked. \"Be my guest.\" Stephanie pulled out a chair at the small table and sat down. \"Honestly? Virgil's told me that you're a really cool guy. He's made me want to meet you.\" \"Well, now what do you think?\" Zeke asked, looking at Stephanie again. \"I think it might take some time to figure out, but I'm pretty sure he's right.\" \"Steph, what are you doing?\" a new voice suddenly said. \"Oh, hey Derek.\" Stephanie didn't sound very excited. \"Come on, Steph, let's go sit down,\" Derek said, glancing at Zeke. Stephanie stood up slowly. \"See you later, Zeke,\" she said kindly. Zeke nodded. He could hear Derek starting to question Stephanie, but he tuned them out. The cafeteria was filling up quickly and Zeke started to look around for Virgil and Charlie. They still weren't there yet, but he saw Jeanette standing across the room. He stood up and started walking toward her.[Chapter 14] \"Hey Jeanette.\" \"Oh, hi Zeke!\" She waved, then hurried over to him. \"What's up?\" \"Are you going to babysit today? Mrs. Carpenter mentioned that she had somewhere to go again.\" \"Oh yeah, she's going to some sort of cooking show and Mr. Carpenter is at work again. They're not usually gone this often, though. But-\" \"Jeanette!\" Zeke interrupted. \"Are you babysitting or not?\" \"Yeah, I am. Oh, I'll bring my bird matching game tonight!\" \"Uh, ok. Listen, Virgil and Charlie are going to be coming over after school, ok?\" \"If it's fine with the Carpenters it's fine with me. Maybe Charlie will play my game with me...\" Zeke smiled a little bit. \"Ok, I'll see ya later.\" \"Bye!\" He started heading back to his table, deciding that Jeanette was good for the kids; she had about as much energy as they did. He started thinking and stopped paying attention to walking. Suddenly his foot caught on a chair that was sticking out. He tripped and fell, landing sprawled out on the floor. \"Wow, nice going, dork,\" Derek said from his table as he started laughing along with most of the students in the cafeteria. Zeke slowly started to stand up, and had gotten to a kneeling position when he was shoved back to the floor by one of the football players that was walking by. \"Hey!\" The one voice rang clearly through the cafeteria, silencing everyone. Zeke turned his head and saw Virgil and Charlie behind him. Charlie stepped forward and gave Zeke his hand while everyone silently watched. Virgil was the one who had spoken, so he faced the students as Zeke stood up off the floor. \"Why are you all laughing? What's so funny about one guy tripping? Did any of you even stop to think about whether or not he's ok?\" Zeke started looking around at the students' different reactions. Some of them, including Derek, were looking at each other, shaking their heads, like they thought Virgil was crazy. Others were looking around like they weren't sure what to do. \"You know what I wish someone would do in this school?\" Virgil continued, talking loud enough for everyone to hear. \"It's something that I don't think has happened before. I wish that, for once, whenever someone is embarrassed or whatever, that the other people would think about how they would feel if it was happening to them. I wish people would just ask if the person was ok, and then forget about it.\" Many of the students were looking down nervously and guiltily. The whole cafeteria was silent, until Jeanette stood up. With a big smile she walked over and stood next to Charlie. \"Me too.\" The four of them looked around the cafeteria. Slowly Stephanie stood up and nodded. Across the room a couple of the students stood up as well. Virgil looked around and nodded. Zeke followed him and Charlie as the three of them went to sit down. Slowly the conversation in the cafeteria picked up again, but it was obvious that most of the students were talking about what had happened. Zeke looked over at Virgil and Charlie. \"Hey. Thanks, guys.\" Virgil smiled. \"Maybe we can't undo mistakes anymore, or anything like that, but I say we can still help with them.\"[Chapter 15] \"They're here!\" Billy jumped down from the window and ran over to Zeke, who was sitting on the couch. \"Your friends are here, Zeke!\" Zeke walked over to the window and saw Virgil and Charlie standing on the sidewalk, looking up at the house like they were making sure they had the right address. \"Is it them?\" the little girl named Carrie asked excitedly. \"Yeah, it's them,\" Zeke answered. \"Hey Jeanette!\" \"Yeah?\" Jeanette called from the other room. \"They're here.\" Zeke turned to the kids who were gathering by the window. \"Hey you guys I need you to behave and not attack my friends the second they come in, ok?\" \"Ok, Zeke,\" the kids replied in unison. He smiled a little. For being kids, they were pretty cute. A soft knock on the door interrupted his thoughts and the kids all went running toward it. So much for not attacking them. Sarah reached the door first and flung it open. Zeke couldn't help but start laughing at Virgil and Charlie's shocked faces at seeing six kids standing there. He considered going to save his friends, but he stopped to stand back and watch. As if on cue, all the kids started talking at once. Charlie looked like he was going into shock, but Virgil started laughing. \"Ok guys,\" Zeke said as he stepped forward. \"I think there's some ice cream in the freezer, go see if Jeanette will get you some.\" \"Ok Zeke!\" With that the kids scurried away. \"Wait. Jeanette?!\" Charlie exclaimed. Virgil and Zeke both started laughing. \"Come on in, guys,\" Zeke said. \"Wow, Zeke, when you said you landed in munchkin land, you really meant it!\" Virgil smiled. Charlie looked between the two of them, obviously confused. Virgil looked at Zeke again. \"And Jeanette...?\" \"She's the babysitter.\" Just then Jeanette poked her head in from the kitchen. \"Oh, hi kookaburra! Hi Virgil!\" Virgil waved back while Charlie stared at everything with wide eyes. \"Charlie, close your mouth, you could catch flies in it,\" Zeke said. He looked at Virgil. \"Well, this is it. You want me to show you guys around?\" \"Sure, that would be cool.\" Zeke gave them a short but thorough tour of the small house. They ended in the kitchen, where Jeanette was getting ice cream for the kids. \"Do you guys want some ice cream?\" she asked kindly. \"I'll take some,\" Zeke answered. \"Me too.\" \"Sure.\" When they had their ice cream the three boys moved into the living room and sat down, while Jeanette took the kids upstairs to play a game. \"So, this is basically my life right now,\" Zeke said bluntly. \"Last week when I was gone, it was because I was trying to deal with the legal things of moving out on my own. I guess I just got tired of moving between families. Most people don't want a foster child who's 18. It seems like I haven't really been wanted for several years now. I'm sorry I didn't tell this all to you guys sooner. I wanted to, I really did. But I'll tell you now.\" \"You still don't have to if you don't want to, Zeke,\" Virgil said softly. \"Yeah, that would be totally fine,\" Charlie said. \"I know. But I really feel like I should tell you guys.\" Zeke took a deep breath, then started. \"I never knew my biological parents. They had already had one kid, and that was all they wanted. My mom decided not to get an abortion, but as soon as I was born she put me into foster care. When I was really young it wasn't bad because it was all I knew. But it got harder while I got older. \"I started to understand that lots of other kids weren't like me. They all had one family that they always stayed with. When I was finally told that my parents hadn't wanted me, things got pretty rough. I kept seeing other kids with their parents and wondering why I hadn't ever been loved like that. But I kinda got used to it. When I was young I usually told the people I met that I was a foster child. Until 5th grade. I had a bad experience with some kids then. They just treated me like I was weird because I was different than them, so I stopped telling people. I did better when I was on my own. I guess I became the 'big scary guy' over time, mainly because I liked to be by myself and I didn't really let people get close to me.\" The living room was really quiet for a few seconds. Then Jeanette walked in. \"Hi guys! Is it ok if I sit down?\" Zeke nodded. \"Sure.\" In Jeanette's hands was a stack of cards with colorful bird pictures on them. Sitting down next to Charlie, she started to lay out the cards face down and then flip them over, two at a time. Zeke figured that this was her bird matching game. He looked over at Charlie and Virgil again. \"I guess what I'm trying to say is that I've never actually had a family and I never really had friends before you guys. So I'm sorry that I didn't tell you, and I guess I'm just sorry that I'm different.\" \"Dude, are you crazy?\" Virgil said suddenly. \"Man, you do not have to apologize for being different.\" \"Yeah, Zeke, everyone is different,\" Charlie added. \"That's the point. No one's the same.\" \"Charlie's right,\" Virgil said. \"If everyone was the same, life would be totally boring. We all have different interests, abilities, and backgrounds. Personally I'm glad that we do. Really Zeke, me and Charlie are just as 'different' as you are.\" \"Wow Zeke, it's like a weaver bird!\" Jeanette exclaimed suddenly. \"Do I want to know what you're talking about?\" Zeke asked. Jeanette just smiled and handed him two of the cards from her game. The word weaver was written across the top of both cards, and a small description of the birds was at the bottom, with a picture in the middle. Zeke studied the pictures. \"Jeanette, these birds look nothing alike,\" he said after a few seconds. \"I know,\" the bird-loving girl answered with a smile. \"Weaver birds live mostly in Africa, and they come in all different colors. They're all different. But they all live together in huge nests that they basically weave together. That's where they get their name. They aren't technically families, but they all live together, even though they're different from each other.\" Zeke looked sideways at Jeanette. She seemed to be a lot more serious than usual. \"They are so cool!\" she exclaimed. So she was still the same spunky girl after all. Virgil smiled. \"In a crazy way, Jeanette is right, Zeke. Just because people are different or aren't related doesn't mean they can't still be family.\"[Chapter 16] Zeke was alone in his bedroom, sitting on the edge of his bed with his hands folded. So much had happened in one day that he was trying to sort it all out in his head. Virgil and Charlie had left quite a while ago, and it had been about an hour since Jeanette left. It was such a weird feeling. He knew that Virgil and Charlie were his friends, of course. But he had never felt so much acceptance as he had that day. A couple people had been 'friends' with him before, but it had almost always been a conditional thing, like they would be friends with him as long as it was 'cool.' No one had really stood up for him before. In fact, a lot of people had let him down. Starting from when he was born, no one had been there for him. But that day at lunch, Virgil, Charlie, and Jeanette had stood by him. They defended him while everyone else laughed. Even Stephanie had stood up, silently standing against the other students. Then, that afternoon, he had felt more accepted than ever before. He knew that Virgil and Charlie were his real friends, more so than anyone had been in his life. Even Jeanette was more of a friend to him than others. He smiled a little bit. For once in his life things were finally going good. He wasn't even in as much of a hurry to move out on his own as he was before. Maybe staying with the Carpenters for a little longer wouldn't be too bad. He looked over at his dresser. There, next to his grappling hook, was a picture of him, Virgil, and Charlie posing in their snow suits. He took it down and smiled at it. There was a soft knock on his door. \"Yes?\" Slowly the door opened a little bit to reveal two blue eyes under a curly blonde head. \"Come on in, Ellie,\" Zeke said with a smile. At three years old, Ellie was the youngest Carpenter girl. She smiled and walked into Zeke's room. He picked her up and set her on his bed next to him. She looked down at the picture he was holding. \"Are we your family, Zeke?\" she asked softly. He looked down at her. \"I think you are, Ellie.\" \"Are they your family too?\" She pointed to the picture. \"Yeah, Ellie. Yeah, they are.\" ","Summary":" Different Zeke pulled his motorcycle into Virgil's driveway. He sighed as he took his helmet off an"},{"Movie":"Minutemen","Title":"If Things Went Differently","Author":"TheWaffleKid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11043156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, the first mission was a complete FAIL. After Virgil Fox and his friends finished building their time machine, they had used it for the one thing that Virgil REALLY wanted. He only had two words in his mind when they jumped through the vortex of their machine: the lottery. Everything was running smoothly up until the cashier asked them for ID to prove they were 18 years old. Virgil smiled because out of the three boys, he was the only one who was 18. When he checked his pockets however, he really wanted to kick himself for FORGETTING HIS WALLET back in his own time period. He wanted to leave the ticket with the Robot Man in front of the convenient store, but Zeke Thompson, one of the three, stopped him on account of \"not trusting the guy.\" All in all, the complete waste of the trip disappointed Virgil. If only he left the ticket with the Robot Man… The regret was eating at him and instead of mourning about it, he was brainstorming a few backup plans while his best friend, Charlie Tuttle, untied his shoes in the boys' locker room after gym class. It was only when he suggested to have other people down in the basement when Charlie cut him off. \"Forget it Virgil!\" he said sharply. \"If anyone finds out about the machine it will be the end of you, me and Zeke. The end!\" \"Uh…\" Virgil had turned his head to keep his nose from touching Charlie's, who had stood on the bench and leaned in towards Virgil to emphasize the point he was trying to make. \"Can you back up? I've got personal space issues.\" Charlie was stubborn at times, but so was Virgil. Even as they left the locker room, he was still trying to find a way to get his hands on that lottery money. \"Listen,\" Charlie said as they climbed up the stairs to the main level, \"forget about cheating your way into getting that money. We should use the machine to do GOOD, USEFUL things.\" \"Like what? That 48-hour limit doesn't give us many options you know.\" \"You'd be surprised, Virg.\" A loud commotion further behind made them turn around. They saw an acquaintance, Chester, wrapped in a towel, pleading with a group of punk kids to return his stolen clothes. A kid snuck up behind him and snatched the towel away, exposing poor Chester to the entire student population. Virgil felt a knot form in his throat as everyone roared in laughter. He felt bad for the kid, but he couldn't do anything about it. \"I got it!\" Charlie beamed, smacking Virgil's arm excitedly. The two locked eyes, transmitting their thoughts to one another. The knot disappeared and Virgil felt a smile of his own grow on his face. \"We use the time machine to…\" \"Exactly!\" The two did Virgil's special handshake, but Charlie didn't finish correctly. \"Scratch!\" he yelled. Virgil looked at him in disbelief and began to walk away to look for Zeke. \"It's 'Scorch'. Did you even read the instructions I emailed you?\" … The boys were preparing to jump through again when Charlie groaned in frustration. \"None of these remotes are going to work! One of us needs to stay behind to ensure nothing happens while we're on the other side.\" Since no one wanted to miss out on the fun, no one volunteered and the room became dead silent. Virgil knew there was only one way to solve the dilemma. \"Not it!\" he suddenly shouted. \"Not it!\" Zeke said quickly. \"Not it!\" Charlie caught on slowly. \"Daaah! That wasn't fair!\" \"Not it!\" Virgil shouted again. \"Not it!\" \"Not—Oh, come on! I invented the thing!\" Charlie argued. Virgil and Zeke smiled in amusement at his distress and glanced at each other. Messing around with the short teen was fun. \"Not it!\" a female said, making the three boys whip their gaze to the door. Cheerful Jeanette Pachelewski stood at the entrance with a girl who unlike Jeanette, gave off a more mature vibe with her posture and calm, almost blank, expression on her face. Being the 'people person' he was, Virgil was the only one who recognized her. The girl's name was Jade Quelin (although she preferred Jay) and she was a senior who moved to Summerton High School during his sophomore year. He shared a class with her once and after they got different schedules, she pretty much disappeared. Now he occasionally saw her in the hallways, but that was it since she was a person who could become invisible to the crowd. Being present in the basement was an unpredictable move. And a miraculous one. Realizing that the girls were an answer to their problem, Virgil glanced at Zeke and Charlie. While Charlie seemed a little scared that JEANETTE was standing in the same room as him, Zeke's blue eyes flashed apprehensively. The two looked at the girls with a friendly smile and Virgil addressed them both. \"Hey Jeanette. Hey Jay.\" Jay looked stunned for a brief second, but the expression was quickly replaced by a grin. \"Hi Virgil.\" \"What are you doing here?\" Charlie asked Jeanette. By his tone, Virgil knew he was ultimately looking to get rid of them. \"We were just looking for a club to join and we saw yours the 'Back to the Future Fan Club',\" Jeanette explained, holding up a paper. \"And personally, I love that movie. I just find the concept of time travel very…science-fictiony?\" Jay frowned slightly at the use of the word. \"Uh…\" \"Excuse us for just one second.\" Virgil held up a finger and waved Charlie over. The boys huddled up. Zeke and Virgil tried to convince Charlie that letting the girls in on the 'secret' was convenient, but Charlie refused to listen to them. They argued in whispers and slowly got louder. Jay shifted uncomfortably and shared a confused glance with Jeanette. The boys' arguing got up to the point where Charlie screamed \"No!\" and got into a smacking contest with Virgil. \"Hey, no hitting!\" Zeke broke them up. \"Uh, would you like us to go?\" Jay asked uneasily. \"No!\" Zeke and Virgil said, confusing her even more. Virgil cleared his throat. \"We need a favor.\" … \"Do you understand?\" Charlie's tone carried a hint of annoyance as he finished explaining how to work the machine. \"Sure bluebird,\" Jeanette answered. \"But first…\" she turned off the machine and gave the boys disapproving looks. \"We so gotta do something about those outfits.\" Confused, the boys looked down at their clothes. \"I think they look fine.\" Jay shrugged a shoulder, earning her the same disapproving glance. -XY- So I just saw the movie and freaking LOVED IT. (I can't believe I'e never seen it in my childhood.) Anyway here I am, writing about it years after it was 'the thing'. C:[Chapter 2] \"Yesterday,\" the vice principal was announcing the next day, \"a group of students were involved in a bullying fiasco during third period. They stepped up to help a fellow peer in need, but while I appreciate what these students did, I remind them that it is not their responsibility to handle situations such as that…That is all.\" … At a certain time late in the afternoon, the tall teen found himself craving a cheeseburger with fries so he went to The Burger Hour, a hot spot for teens to hang out and get food. He sat alone at a table near the back when further up near the front, he saw an employee who was one of Virgil and Charlie's acquaintances slip and fall. Unfortunately for him, the tray of food that he was carrying flew up in the air and spilled on him. Everyone laughed and jeered at him, but as terrified as the kid seemed, no one stepped in to help him. Disgusted with the display Zeke left, glancing at the clock on one of the walls. … At a certain time late in the afternoon, the table near the back stayed empty as Eugene took an order to a group of cute girls. His heart stopped when he slipped on the wet floor, but to his surprise he found himself in the arms of one of the Snowsuit Guys. However, that wasn't all. Eugene had accidentally pulled on the handle of a dirty mop and sent the wet top flying toward the table of the girls, spraying them with dirty water. Everybody laughed while Eugene heaved a relieved sigh. \"Thanks Snowsuit Guys!\" he beamed at the trio. The tallest one acknowledged him with a quick nod before following the other two out. … Jay was leaning on one of the pillars with her homework on her lap and Jeanette was at the computer when the boys jumped back. Virgil and Zeke landed on the mattresses they laid out in their corner, but Charlie crashed into the pile of cardboard boxes. Pulling out a bud, Jay tried to hide her grin while she went to help him up. \"Are you okay?\" she hauled him to his feet. He stumbled before regaining his balance; his expression was that of a dizzy drunk. \"Yeah. Thanks.\" Jeanette turned off the vortex and jumped out of the seat. \"Was it a success?\" she asked enthusiastically. Virgil smiled and glanced at his two partners. \"Yeah.\" Smirking, Zeke found himself craving another cheeseburger. He took off his snowsuit and put it in one of the boxes along with his grappling hook. He slipped his leather jacket on and was about to leave when Virgil spoke to him. \"Hey, want to go to The Burger Hour to celebrate? I think it would be quite suiting.\" The unexpected request was a strange coincidence and it took Zeke by surprise. Not knowing what to say, he simply shrugged a shoulder. It wasn't a yes, but it wasn't a no either. \"All right then. Let's go,\" Virgil said. Jay twirled a finger. \"All of us?\" \"Yeah,\" Virgil confirmed. Zeke suppressed the urge to groan. Going with Virgil and Charlie was bearable, but going with a hyper Jeanette and a girl he barely knew? Less bearable. … Virgil took Charlie, Jeanette and Jay in his car while Zeke met up with them at The Burger Hour in his motorcycle. As he walked in with the group, he regretted accepting the request because he had never gone out to do anything WITH people, he just…went by himself. Perhaps being such a recluse was intimidating consider that they WEREN'T EVEN TALKING TO HIM. He didn't belong with them, what was he-? \"What do you want?\" Virgil smacked his arm lightly. \"It's on me.\" What was he, a charity case? Zeke's face was forming its usual scowl when he stopped himself. Virgil wasn't even doing anything to him, he was just offering to buy him food. HE WAS GETTING FREE FOOD. Zeke shrugged. \"Just a burger and fries.\" Virgil turned to the others. \"What about you-?\" \"Let's just go up to order what we want,\" Jay interrupted. \"It'll be easier than you having to remember everything.\" \"All right.\" Up at the counter, each person told the black haired kid—whose name was Eugene, Zeke learned—what they wanted. Jay gave him a friendly smile before she started and Zeke caught him buckling under it. Eugene's nervous chuckle made the tall teen roll his eyes. Jay was just another customer, it's not like she was some health inspector or something. The group finished and went to choose a table. Zeke sat directly in front of the girl, sparking his irritation at the vibes he was getting from her. By the way she was avoiding his gaze and straight up IGNORING his presence, it was obvious she wasn't quite fond of him. He was positive he hadn't done anything to her, so this little 'silent treatment' was her problem, not his. He openly glared at her, but since she wasn't looking at him she didn't notice and she kept smiling as she spoke to the others. There was a point where a wide smile showed off two dull peaks that made it look like she had vampire teeth. Hmm, vampire teeth and dark clothing? She may as well been an actual vampire, Zeke thought to himself and snorted softly. He stared at her teeth until his irritation quickly turned to curiosity. Her eyebrows weren't curved, they were a strong shape that settled boldly over her eyes, which kind of…squinted?...when she smiled. Aside from that, her smile emphasized the shape of her round face all in all, making her easy on the eyes. Eugene called out the number of their order and Jay flashed him the friendly smile, making him respond with a nervous wave hello. Zeke frowned. What the heck was that kid's problem? Since it was a two-person job, Jay and Virgil stood up to retrieve it. Charlie's eyes went wide at the thought of being left with Jeanette without Virgil and he snagged his friend's arm. \"Don't go.\" Virgil frowned at him in confusion. \"What? Why?\" \"Because.\" Charlie's eyes bored through Virgil's skull, sending him a mental message. Still standing, Jay tapped on Jeanette's arm when she saw Charlie's look. \"It's fine. Jeanette and I'll go get it.\" Smiling, Jeanette jumped up from the table. \"Okay.\" While Virgil and Charlie held their not-so-quiet conversation, Zeke continued to study Jay. She was most definitely NOT a tomboy. Her dark clothing hugged her good form comfortably and it seemed that she had the good senses to stay with the most neutral style there was. She wasn't nerdy and hopeless, but she wasn't promiscuous and eye-catching either. She was just….in the middle, much like Zeke. When she turned to face the table with Jeanette she caught Zeke looking at her, making him jolt. He tried to make it look like he was just casually glancing at them, but his face grew hot in embarrassment as she and Jeanette took their seats again. While everyone grabbed their food, he took a risk and glanced at her. She was acting normally, not noticing the weird 'staring'. Zeke mentally sighed in relief and became distracted with his cheeseburger. Girls were about as appealing as a housefly compared to good food, he told himself.[Chapter 3] One of the main things that attracted Jay to boys was the one thing Eugene lacked: confidence, smart and humble, letting off these vibes that attracted Jay like moths are drawn to the moon. These were the vibes she picked up when she first saw Zeke Thompson. He was confident enough to go off on his own and always do things by himself AND he was also smart. So smart in fact, that without him Charlie and Virgil wouldn't have been able to build the time machine. Jay could tell he was a capable loner who was able to be his own person regardless of what the standards were and THAT'S how Jay knew she was attracted to the kid. And because of that attraction, THAT'S why she avoided him. Jay knew that the way she handled her crushes was weird, but it was the only thing she just naturally did: she avoided people she liked, especially boys. It's the reason why she hadn't officially made any friends since she'd move to Summerton. The few people that caught her attention did just that….catch her attention. Sometimes, she was still amazed that she was able to start talking to Jeanette Pachelewski, leading up to this normal (actually not so normal)-teenage-social-life thing. It was hard fighting her natural urge to avoid them, especially with Zeke in the mix, yet the next day she avoided going into the library and she went to the cafeteria instead. The experience was alien, standing in a line was strange, and actually seeing FOOD during LUNCH TIME? It was…unreal, but Jay took it one step at a time. She spotted Zeke amongst the hordes of people and immediately became tense. The teenage girl inside her just wanted to stare at him in amazement and unfortunately for her, that's exactly what she allowed herself to do up until he casually TURNED and SAW HER STARING. She jolted and immediately averted his gaze. Crap, oh crap! She snatched the closest tray of food available and hurried to the table where Virgil was already sitting. \"You don't mind if I sit here do you?\" she sat down and asked without making eye contact. \"Yeah, no problem.\" She began to relax. \"Where's Charlie?\" Virgil shrugged. \"I don't know. He's probably washing his hands or something.\" \"Oh.\" And then came another difficult task; keeping up a conversation. Since Jay was severely unexperienced she furiously racked her brain for appropriate ways to continue talking, but she stopped her chaotic thoughts and exhaled; she was just going to have to be blunt. \"I'm sorry if I get awkward to be around. I haven't really had any people to talk to since I moved here.\" Stunned, Virgil's eyes widened. \"You haven't made a single friend since sophomore year?\" Jay shrugged a shoulder. \"Not really. I've just…been doing my own thing.\" \"Well, welcome to the table of the dorks,\" Virgil held his arms open. \"Quick warning, if you want a social life, you might want to think about leaving now.\" Smiling, Jay took a bite of her pear. \"I'm not in the position to get picky with friends, but thanks.\" From there, Virgil and Jay kept talking until Charlie joined the table and finally Zeke. He let his tray slam on the surface, making her jump, and he sat one chair away from her. The nervous spasms were kicking up again and she concentrated hard to keep them on the down low. \"Do you have a problem with me?\" he suddenly asked after a while. It took her a few seconds to realize he was talking to her and when she made eye contact, she stopped herself from gasping. He was even more breath-taking than she imagined. The color of his eyes reminded her of steel and they were glaring at her expectantly. Virgil and Charlie were too stunned to say anything; they simply stared at the unfolding drama. \"Uh—You're just—I try not to—\" What? Look at you because I'm infatuated? Jay was becoming way too flustered and she could feel heat rising up into her cheeks. She didn't like the way her heart was beating as if she'd been running a marathon and she hated how she was stuttering for an answer. Just tell him the truth. She exhaled and looked at him squarely in those steel blue eyes. \"Trust me. I don't have a problem with you. It's on me.\" By the way his eyes sparked in curiosity, Jay knew he wasn't expecting her answer. She looked at the food on her tray. \"I apologize.\" \"Hmm,\" he simply said. … During lunch a few days later, Jay was the only one at the usual table scribbling across pages of what Zeke assumed was homework. He frowned slightly as his mind clicked and he realized that Jay was ALWAYS doing homework. For the first time, he spontaneously decided to take a seat next to her. \"What is it that you're always working on?\" he sat down and scanned the scrambled papers. \"Homework,\" she answered simply with a quick glance. \"I never seem to have time to just relax.\" \"How is that possible? You're a senior aren't you?\" \"Yeah, but it doesn't matter.\" She began gathering her things. \"I'll stop talking if it helps,\" Zeke offered. She waved a hand carelessly. \"Nah its fine. I haven't been able to concentrate anyway.\" Crossing her arms, she leaned back in her chair once she zipped up her backpack and set it on the floor beside her. Zeke's eyes fell on the square charm at the base of her neck. The V-neck shirt she was wearing exposed her chest and all that skin sent shivers down his spine. He immediately looked away and ignored them; he was NOT going to act like some cliché high school boy. \"Do you have honors or something?\" Jay shrugged a shoulder. \"No, just AP and concurrent which can get really frustrating because of all the work.\" \"Why not take regular classes?\" Jay opened her mouth to respond but frowned. \"…I don't know. I guess I just like being an overachiever.\" \"Like Charlie?\" Zeke asked with a smirk. She gave him a small grin. \"No. He's the overachiever of overachievers.\" And while Zeke snorted she said, \"I don't think I'll be able to compete against THAT. You're the only one that ever seems to understand what he's saying.\" \"Only half of the time, surprisingly,\" Zeke corrected her. She chuckled. \"Naw man, I think he's pretty cool. Virgil too. I'm glad they're my friends.\" Failing to mention Zeke, her eyes widened when he frowned slightly at her. \"I'm sorry, I didn't—\" \"Its fine,\" Zeke said more harshly than he intended. It had hurt just a little that out of all three, she forgot him and the fact that he cared angered him. His old thoughts began to cloud his mind, putting him down, questioning why he ever thought that he would truly belong with Virgil and the rest. He WAS always better off on— \"I think you're cool too,\" Jay broke his train of thoughts, looking sincerely into his eyes. \"You actually remind me a lot of my dad and that's incredible because he's the best person I know. Everyone else is plain and clear, but you're different. You stand out.\" He just stared at her because the unexpected rant left him completely speechless. She blinked quickly and looked away in embarrassment, rubbing her neck. \"Uh…\" \"Are you close to him?\" Zeke randomly blurted, trying to recover from the initial shock of being…complimented? Smiling in relief and shyness, Jay gave Zeke an idea about who he was, seeming anxious by her added use of hand gestures. When Virgil and Charlie joined the table, she excused herself and disappeared.[Chapter 4] Days later Virgil glanced over at the popular table again, yearning to be seated next to his old friend (and current crush) Stephanie. \"It's interesting.\" Jay stared at him, her chin propped up with her palm. Virgil broke out of his regret-ridden trance. \"What is?\" \"You're always looking at them, but you look like you're more curious than afraid,\" she explained. \"Everyone else just…looks at them in fear.\" Virgil thought about her statement. Due to \"The Incident\" back when he was a freshman, Virgil was marked. He was sometimes the victim of name calling, he would sometimes be the subject of impolite conversations or references—lately, he's just been ignored—but he's never experienced any luck with the populars. That didn't mean he was afraid in their presence, he simply felt regret. \"He only looks over there because of Stephanie,\" Charlie said. \"Who's that?\" \"She's a cheerleader who so happened to be one of Virgil's friends back when they were in middle school.\" Jay's eyebrows shot up. \"Really? What happened?\" Virgil groaned; he knew where this conversation was headed. \"The Incident,\" Zeke said. \"The—? Oh,\" Jay nodded apprehensively. \"The yearbook.\" Virgil sighed in frustration and rubbed his cheek as a sign of irritation. \"What happened was—\" \"No it's okay,\" she cut him off. \"I don't want to know the details.\" \"It's going to come up again sooner or later,\" Virgil sighed heavily, \"you may as well know now.\" He told her what happened on the first day of freshman year—the football practice, Charlie and the rocket cart, standing up for Charlie when the football players picked on him, the statue—and when he finished, he glanced at Stephanie again. \"…All the time I just wonder what my life would be like if it DIDN'T happen.\" \"Yeah but you're mainly just staring at her because you like her,\" Charlie said, earning him a sarcastic glare. \"Wow, way to keep a secret Charlie.\" Grinning Jay held up her hands. \"Hey we're all seniors here. I didn't hear a thing. But try not to live in the past Virgil, I say you should keep moving forward. Look at what you've accomplished so far, you didn't and don't need to be popular to live your life.\" Virgil simply smiled in response, agreeing to disagree in silence. He may not have needed popularity, but he certainly wanted it. … When the guys came back from getting a boy out of the vending machine, Jeanette wasn't there waiting in the computer, FOR ONCE. Jay was sitting in her place with a math book in her lap. She closed it, pulled out a bud and turned off the vortex. \"Where's Jeanette?\" Virgil slid off the hood of his snow suit. \"I don't know,\" Jay opened her book again to do her work. \"She told me she was just going to do something with a friend.\" \"Hm, interesting,\" Virgil said jokingly. Zeke circled around the machine towards Jay as he pulled of his gloves. \"What is it this time?\" \"Math. When I can do it, I love it. But when it's like this, look…\" she lifted the book \"I hate it.\" Zeke frowned slightly, looking the work over. \"Trigonometry?\" \"The worst. Subject. Ever.\" Jay brought the book back to her lap and rubbed her eyes. \"I never learned Trigonometry so I don't get it no matter how hard I study it. Do you?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Do you think you can help me with it?\" Zeke shrugged a shoulder. \"Sure.\" \"Normally I'd say, 'Let's eat out,' but we've been doing that a lot lately AND I've got a few things to take care of at home,\" Virgil said, calling the pair's attention. \"So we're going to have to wait until tomorrow.\" \"Okay,\" Jay agreed, \"it'd feel weird without Jeanette anyway.\" \"Yeah,\" Virgil agreed and turned to face Charlie, who had run up to say something about his cat, Albert Felinestein. Jay stood up and stuffed her book in her backpack. \"I think I'll go and try to figure this out so I can ask you about it tomorrow.\" \"I could help you now if you want,\" Zeke offered with a careless shrug. \"Nah its fine, I wouldn't want to interrupt anything.\" \"I've got nothing to do, so if you want...\" he trailed off, letting her know the offer was still available. She took a few seconds to consider it, but shook her head. \"Tomorrow, during lunch.\" … Zeke was usually the second one to the lunch table since Jay was the first so when he entered the cafeteria, he expected to see her in her spot with an open math book. When he saw that he was the first this time, he scanned the cafeteria as he sat down, feeling a little weirded out. It took her about a minute to show up. \"Had to go get my book,\" she said in an apology. As soon as she took her seat, she whipped out her homework and had Zeke help her with the problems she circled. Her eyes never left the page while he explained the properties of each problem. She took up her pencil when he finished and began working through her assignment. \"Make sure I'm doing this right, okay?\" she said without looking at him. \"You're doing fine.\" The two fell to silence and random little comments about multiplying and addition, but as much as Zeke wanted to start up an actual conversation to avoid the awkwardness, he didn't want to distract Jay. After three more problems she leaned back in her chair and smiled, keeping her eyes on the paper. Making a comment about how she was getting the hang of it, she leaned forward again and continued to work. \"So how is it that you never learned Trig?\" Zeke asked in an effort to break the silence. \"It just…never came up,\" she shrugged. Zeke thought she was going to close with that, but she continued. \"I think you're lucky to have learned this crap, all I got around was the basics—Statistics, Probability, Geometry, although I prefer Algebra. How about you, which do you prefer?\" \"Uh….Nothing really,\" Zeke said. \"It's all the same to me.\" \"You don't like Math?\" \"Yes, but I'm more into mechanics.\" \"Just motorcycle mechanics? No cars?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Interesting. How is it that you became interested in bikes?\" Zeke told her about the Thompson's Cycle Cemetery and how his dad taught him how to work on bikes when he was a kid. And from there, the conversation escalated. He told her about his family and she told him about her own. They talked about places they've been with their family, places they liked, things they've done, things they liked to do, and then things they just liked. Zeke corrected her small mistakes as she did her assignment, and they kept talking even after Virgil and Charlie came to join the table. Jay finished and she kissed the paper happily. \"FINALLY! Trigonometry isn't such a pain in the ass anymore.\" Zeke had been seeing her Vampire Smile (as he dubbed it) a lot recently and for the first time she turned it to him, making him focus on the two dull peaks. \"Thanks for the help.\" He forced his gaze away from her entrancing teeth and nodded. \"No problem.\"[Chapter 5] During lunch the next day, Jeanette skipped up to the table and said hello. \"I know it's none of my business, but where were you yesterday?\" Virgil asked. \"Oh, a friend of mine is in the musical and since the crew was having a little get together, she invited me to go,\" Jeanette explained. She squealed and clapped her hands. \"I'm so excited! I hear it's a comedy and I love watching a good comedy.\" \"What's the play even about?\" Zeke waved his spoon around. Jeanette held up a finger and rummaged through her bag while Virgil answered the question. \"I think it's going to be a…biblical story? It's called Joseph and….the colorful coat of something. I can't remember it all.\" Jeanette pulled out a poster and unrolled it, showing it to the group. \"Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.\" Zeke's eyebrows rose slightly as he went back to eating his applesauce. \"That's a mouthful,\" he grumbled. \"I hope it isn't annoying,\" Jay said as Jeanette put the poster away. \"I normally can't stand musicals.\" \"You don't have to see it,\" Zeke told her. \"We all have to, remember? There's gonna be a mandatory assembly for it,\" Jay reminded him. Zeke let out an annoyed sigh and ran a hand through his hair. \"Well that sucks.\" \"I don't think it's that bad,\" Virgil said, \"I mean, we are going to be supporting the arts if we watch this thing. And nothing is more important than having art.\" \"I beg to differ,\" Charlie scoffed. \"SCIENCE is more important not to mention more USEFUL.\" Virgil turned to him, prepared to argue his point. \"Well Charlie, did you know that having art in schools actually helps students pay more attention to their other studies?...\" … When Jay took a trigonometry test a week later, her thoughts kept coming back to Zeke and during lunch she approached the table with a wide smile. \"Look at my score,\" she proudly showed the group her test paper before setting it in front of Zeke. \"100%! Nice!\" Virgil high-fived her. \"Thanks, it was incredibly easy.\" Jay looked at Zeke to see his reaction. He grinned approvingly and gave her a fist bump. \"Good job.\" \"Thanks.\" Her cheeks were beginning to feel sore from all the smiling, but she couldn't stop it as she looked at Virgil. \"Aside from that, I ACTUALLY talked to people in my classes today.\" \"Really?\" Virgil grinned encouragingly, knowing well that it was an accomplishment for her. \"Yeah. I just…talked. It's a lot easier than I thought.\" \"That's great Jay,\" Virgil said before he heard Stephanie's distinctive voice calling out to him. She was rushing in his direction and he stood, briefly thinking that she was hurt and freaking out. He realized that she was, but in a good way. \"Virgil guess what?\" she asked ecstatically. \"What?\" \"I got accepted into U.C. Belmont!\" she squealed and hugged a shocked Virgil. \"What?\" Virgil repeated in amazement. \"That's great, you love that school!\" Stephanie inhaled a little to pace herself. \"But it's not a done deal yet. It's a cheerleading scholarship, they're sending over a scout next week so I have to work extra hard on my pyramid dismount.\" Virgil smiled genuinely at her. \"Don't worry Steph, I have no doubt that you'll get it.\" \"Thanks.\" Her smile made Virgil's heart leap and he heard someone from the popular table call her over. She quickly glanced back and looked at Virgil apologetically. \"Oh, Derek. I have to go, talk to you later?\" \"Yeah,\" Virgil nodded. The next day Virgil stopped dead in his tracks when he entered the school building. All the populars were crowding around Stephanie because she had a broken leg. Virgil felt his heart sink into his stomach, especially when he caught the sad smile she gave him. … \"I feel bad about Stephanie's broken leg and her lost scholarship, but I don't think we should do anything about it.\" Charlie heaved a box full of junk to the other side of the AV room. \"Breaking a leg is a natural part of life.\" \"Charlie we have to help,\" Virgil argued, \"that scholarship meant everything to her. Need I remind you, we are the Minutemen. Not the Weenie-Men.\" \"You're only saying that because you have a big creepy crush on her!\" Charlie threw his hands up in the air. \"Oohh! Creepy crush? I vote yes!\" Jeanette said, earning her a smile from Jay. \"I think we should help her too,\" Jay said. \"I don't know how it happened, but this mistake shouldn't be the reason that keeps her from going to her favorite college.\" \"Zeke?\" Virgil looked at the quiet teen who simply shrugged in agreement. Virgil turned to Charlie clapped his hands, smiling widely. \"Ha! Four against one!\" Charlie looked at everyone. \"You guys aren't going to stop, right?\" \"Not until you agree,\" Virgil said. There was a pause before Charlie sighed in frustration. \"Fine.\" … Virgil, Charlie and Zeke were surveying the football field from behind a wall. Zeke jumped into the task at hand and commandeered a school cart while the other two were trying to figure out how to keep a low profile. \"Wait, where's Zeke?\" Charlie asked when he noticed that the tall teen was missing. Just as he asked the question, Zeke appeared around the corner of the school on a red school cart and parked in front of them. \"All right let's go,\" Zeke hurried them. No sooner than the boys got on the car had Zeke sped onto the field towards the forming pyramid. Vice Principal Tolkan was leaving Summerton High when he saw something out of the corner of his eye that made him stop his car. He got out and watched as the Snowsuit Guys sped across the football field on a SCHOOL CART. Now he didn't care if they were going to ignore his previous announcement about not getting involved in certain situations here at the school. He was most definitely NOT okay with them breaking rules and confiscating school property. Ignoring the waiting vehicles behind his car, the vice principal ran up to the fence and began to climb over it, all the while shouting at the school's security guards to catch the three troublemakers. Stephanie was at the top giving the cheer and she was doing great until Virgil saw a black speck hit her on the head, making her lose her balance. \"Hurry up!\" he shouted uselessly. The cart was already going as fast as it could, but by the way things were playing out Virgil feared it wasn't fast enough. Before Zeke fully stopped the cart, Virgil shoulder rolled off and stopped right at the place where Stephanie would hit the ground. It hurt when she crashed into him, but he was glad that she was safe. She was taking deep breaths as she looked up at the pyramid and she turned to the Snowsuit Guy. \"I don't know who you are, but you're amazing.\" The mysterious teen grinned and nodded in acknowledgement. \"Hurry up we gotta go!\" the guy at the wheel said urgently because the school guards were closing in on them. He put the pedal to the metal and sped off, ditching the guards. The one who helped Stephanie quickly got to his feet and ran after the cart, jumping on and giving the viewing students high-fives. By the time Vice Principal Tolkan crashed onto the football field and fixed his crooked glasses, the Snowsuit Guys were long gone. \"I'll get you Snowsuit Guys,\" he grumbled angrily.[Chapter 6] \"What did you guys do?\" Jay asked the boys as soon as they crash-landed on the mattresses. Frowning, Virgil got to his feet. \"Why?\" In response Jay held up a newspaper, allowing him to read the head line out loud. \"Snowsuit Guys Wanted?\" \"Oh you've got to be kidding me!\" Charlie exclaimed and hurried next to Virgil, who took the paper and quickly skimmed it. \"'Destructive'? 'Irresponsible'? We only borrowed the cart for a few minutes!\" he threw his hands up as Charlie snatched the paper to read it completely. \"At least no one got hurt,\" Jeanette offered encouragingly. \"Yeah but now the guards are going to be on our case when we go back,\" Virgil said and began to pace. \"Look at the bright side Virg, we'll be on the run from Johnny Law,\" Zeke said with a small, satisfied grin. \"Vigilantes, helping the uncool.\" Catching the tall teen's drift, Jay mimicked the grin. \"Outlaws? Like Batman?\" \"Or Robin Hood!\" Jeanette said. \"Nightwing,\" Zeke said. \"The Turtles,\" Jay said. \"The Mask,\" Jeannette said. \"Green Hornet,\" Zeke added. \"Or Green Arrow,\" Jay pointed a finger at him, wearing her full blown Vampire Smile. \"We'll be our own type of outlaw.\" Grinning, Zeke looked at Virgil and saw that the idea was starting to rub off on him. After thinking about it for a while, Virgil smiled. \"I like it.\" Apparently, Charlie liked it too and he unexpectedly tossed the paper. \"Aw yeah, we're Naughty Neds!\" Everyone gave him confused looks. \"It's what my mom calls me when I forget to floss.\" … \"For any of you students that may have missed my announcement yesterday,\" Vice Principal Tolkan started over the intercom, \"you 'Snowsuit Guys' better turn yourselves in to the school guards quietly. When you are caught, you will be severely punished, along with any students that know of your actual identity. If anyone has information regarding the Snowsuit Guys' identities, you best tell a school authority before it's too late.\" … \"Has anyone noticed that Eugen's copped an attitude?\" Virgil took his usual seat at the gang's lunch table. Jay frowned and looked up from her food. \"What?\" \"You want attitude check out Chester,\" Zeke motioned his spoon over towards Chester's new table. He was treating his table like a bunch of trained animals, snapping his fingers at them to get him things. \"Weird,\" Jay said. \"You'd think they'd set a GOOD example after being at the bottom of the food chain for so long.\" Charlie, who managed to overhear the current conversation, approached the table and slammed the current newspaper on the surface. \"Robot Man Sues Old Lady!\" the headline read and after skimming it, the group found out that this happened because Vice Principal Tolkan had 'unexpectedly' stopped his car, causing the old lady to stop and the Robot Man to crash into her. \"If changes like that keep happening, we'll have to stop using the machine,\" Charlie said, pointing at the paper. \"Our travelling is changing things we never even planned on and it could damage the rift in time.\" A few of the populars were walking by the group's table and they took notice in Chester's display. \"It's like the dorks don't know their place anymore,\" one of them muttered. Charlie glanced in the comment's general direction. \"See?\" Just as Jay was beginning to feel a little panicked, Virgil held up his hands. \"Whoa, hold on just a second. Nothing DRASTIC has happened yet. It's not like Chester's the captain of the basketball team or something. The only thing that we did was save him from complete and total humiliation and if that made him confident, fine.\" As always, Charlie was up to argue. \"But being confident and having an attitude are two separate things. Chester actually gaining an ATTITUDE—\" \"Is not your fault,\" Jay cut in. \"You shouldn't let Chester or Eugene stop you from doing something so great, it could leave you a legacy years after we've graduated. You guys are heroes. You shouldn't give that up.\" She felt Zeke's steel blue eyes on her the entire time she spoke and she fought to ignore the heat swelling up in her cheeks. \"She's right,\" he spoke up. \"I'd much rather keep doing something than stopping because of those two. I say we keep going.\" Even though Jeanette wasn't present Charlie was still outnumbered, like always. \"I invented the machine, why does it feel like I'm losing control of it?\" Virgil, Zeke and Jay grinned at his comment and shared looks with each other. This experience was turning into something that one person couldn't control; it was turning into something much grander. \"That's because you are,\" Zeke said. … Over the weekend, the group got together to eat at The Burger Hour and afterwards they decided to go to hang out at an elementary school. It was there that they discovered that Jay's hair was actually a dark purple color instead of black, so she explained how she came to dye to hair. They swung on the swings and hopped around on an outline of the United States while Jay practiced her skateboarding skill. Anyone could tell she was a beginner by the way she wobbled at her cautious pace and when it was time to go, it was easy to see that she was getting better. The gang had decided to go to Charlie's place to countdown the top ten scariest car accidents. Zeke got on his motorcycle as Virgil unlocked his car. \"Do any of you want to ride with me?\" Jay knew that he mainly directed the question to the boys and she fought the urge to smile when she saw them hesitate. \"Uh…I think I'm the only one licensed to drive a car,\" Virgil said, leaving Charlie as a final option. The short teen looked like he was going to throw up. \"I don't want to fall off and break my head open.\" Zeke simply held up his helmet in reply. Charlie timidly took it. \"Okay…Do you have something for the rest of my body?\" Zeke looked at him in disbelief. \"You've got to be kidding me Charlie.\" For some reason, Jay was wired to step up to the plate when no one else felt like doing it. If the teacher asked a question and no one answered, she would be the one to break the silence. However, this was Zeke and the idea of being alone with the kid made her both excited and nervous. \"I'll go,\" she blurted, volunteering without making it sound like a suggestion. The tall teen's eyebrows shot up in surprise. \"Are you sure?\" The truth was that she wasn't, but she couldn't back out now. \"Yeah, I'll just leave my board in Virgil's trunk.\" Nobody said anything as Virgil popped the trunk open, allowing Jay to put her skateboard inside. She avoided looking directly at Zeke's blue eyes as she put on his helmet. Then came the hard part: actually GETTING ON the motorcycle. She climbed on and hesitantly placed her hands on his waist, sending electric shocks down her spine and making her heart pump faster. Zeke fired up the engine. \"You might want to hang on a little tighter,\" he told her before following Virgil out of the parking lot. -XY- I feel confident with the way the story's turning out. If any of you have any suggestions, concerns, etc. ,feel free to leave them. C:[Chapter 7] \"Why is it that you don't go by Jade?\" Zeke asked after watching Jay write her name down on yet another one of her assignments during lunch. The question took her completely by surprise. \"What?\" \"Why don't you go by Jade?\" She looked at her fingers cap and uncap her pen. \"I feel like it's not…a suitable name for me.\" Zeke frowned curiously. \"Why not?\" \"It's too…It's complicated. When I think of the name Jade I think of a girl who's like a gem, essentially. Someone who's really pretty and popular. The other thing I think about is a girl who's kind of a rebel. Someone who's quiet, bossy, kind of punk-ish, doesn't care what others think. I'm not either of those things.\" Zeke was both astounded by her answer and confused. She JUST described herself…well, the second time. How could she say she wasn't someone she actually was? \"Yes you are.\" \"No I'm not,\" she said insistently. \"Okay you're quiet, you look like you like rock,\" he gestured to her outfit of the day: a black and grey striped long sleeve, dark jeans, and her usual black sneakers. The sentence sounded weird so he repeated himself. \"You look as if you have a thing for the genre. You—\" \"Dude, I didn't mean nervous quiet I meant careless quiet,\" Jay interrupted. \"I've kept to myself for two long years; you guys are the first friends I've actually made since I've moved here. No matter how much I want to talk to people, I can't—I have to be in a really good mood to do that—when I'm by myself I want to make friends, but when I'm around new people I want to be by myself—\" \"You know what that means?\" Zeke asked. Jay looked confused and she tried to think of an answer. \"…I'm indecisive?\" \"Deep down, you know that you don't need any of those people,\" Zeke pointed a finger at her heart. \"You don't need friends.\" \"…Including you guys?\" she asked with a playful grin. Zeke chuckled. \"Okay let me tell you something. Being in high school isn't about making as much friends as you can. Everyone here's superficial; they can't be real friends to save their lives. You have to make as much REAL friends as you can and it isn't a lot. Out of everyone in this lunchroom, handfuls are true friends because they're the only ones that understand what it is to be one. I say that even loners like me can make one true friend if they look in the right place.\" \"Loners like US,\" Jay corrected him. \"Yeah, like us.\" A moment of silence passed before another playful smirk appeared on her lips. \"What if I told you my parents were going to name me Jaden because they thought I was a boy?\" … \"This is getting frustrating,\" Zeke groaned as he stood up from the mattresses. \"I know, I know,\" Virgil said. \"We're going to have to find a new way here or something to distract those two girls,\" Charlie added. Jeanette turned off the machine and Jay walked around to the corner to ask them what in the heck they were talking about. \"You know how the vice principal basically painted a target on our heads?\" Zeke said. \"Now because we're outlaws, the school newspaper has reporters waiting for us every time we go back.\" \"There's these two girls that are really persistent about getting a scoop though,\" Virgil said. \"One's Riley, the reporter, and the other's Marcy, the photographer. It's like they've sworn to figure out who we are before the month ends.\" \"Oh and on top of that, we've got the school guards chasing our tails whenever they see even a flash of white clothes,\" Charlie said. \"I don't think we get a single break when we go back in time now.\" Jay made a face. It sounded like a difficult month to be Minuteman. \"Geez…\" \"There's nothing we can do but stick it out,\" Zeke said with a sigh. \"Don't worry,\" Jeannete spoke up, \"it'll get better in a few weeks.\" … A few days later, Jay found herself leaving the school right after the final bell rang which felt weird because normally, she'd be in the basement with the others. Warning Jeanette to inform the boys, Jay set her skateboard on the ground and rode out. Lately she had been bringing it to school because she felt confident enough to skate in public without making clumsy mistakes. As she went on, she came across the downward slope that led students out to the parking lot on the east side. Thinking that she could handle it, Jay didn't stop to walk and only when she was halfway down did she start to panic. She was going a little too fast to suit her however, she couldn't stop and if she tried, she'd surely end up tripping over her own feet. The panic overrode her mind and she began to turn towards the grass, but the wide crack between two cement slabs caught on to the front wheels of her skateboard. It created a jump that made Jay fly right off the surface. Stumbling for balance, Jay ran right into a garbage can and knocked it down, scraping her hands and knee. As if taking a spill wasn't bad enough, Jay ended up sitting on something moist, an obvious mark that would be cause for humiliation. The laughter and snickering of her classmates made her eyes burn and her throat tighten. Now she knew what the outsiders felt like when they were embarrassed and deep down, she was grateful that the Minutemen existed to prevent these kinds of situations. It was all overwhelming and the worst thing was that no one was there to help her, not the Minutemen, not a concerned classmate. No one even tried. Jay got to her feet and ran off the school property, purposefully leaving the stupid board behind. … \"Guys with all this time travelling, I ACTUALLY want to see Back to the Future,\" Virgil said after Jeanette filled the boys in on Jay's absence. Jeanette clapped her hands excitedly. \"We should have a marathon!\" Virgil turned to Zeke next. \"Are you in?\" Zeke shrugged a shoulder and returned a grin. \"Why not?\" All three teens looked at Charlie last. \"I have a feeling you all ask each other first so you can turn against me, but I'll let it go this time.\" Judging by the way he was smiling and the fact that he didn't add more, Virgil turned back to the other two with open arms. \"He said yes. Lady and gentleman we are in business.\" Zeke was going to make the suggestion to call Jay, but he was relieved that Jeanette beat him to the punch. \"Virgil you're the only one that has your cellphone I bet, so I suggest you call her,\" Charlie said. The blonde searched his pockets and pulled it out, but he tossed it to Zeke. \"You call her; I need to put the stuff away.\" He smiled smugly when he saw the split second of pure surprise on Zeke's face, but neither of them said anything else. While Virgil neatly folded the suits in a box, Zeke walked away from the small group to make the phone call. He felt nervous at what she would think when she picked up and heard his voice instead of Virgil's, but then he scolded himself. Why should I care? It's JUST a phone call. When she didn't pick up, the tall teen sent her a text instead. [Zeke] Hey we're going to have a movie night Charlies. Want t come? Going back into the main gathering space, he tossed Virgil his cellphone back. \"She didn't answer.\" \"Hmm. Maybe she's still busy with her errand. Let's try later,\" he said before changing the subject. \"I'm hungry for some noodles.\" … The three boys found themselves at Panda Express half an hour later. They were laughing at a joke Virgil was telling when he jolted in surprise. Pulling out his phone, he muttered, \"Gotta set it off vibration mode.\" He read the text he got and looked up at the boys with a small frown. \"She says she'll pass. She doesn't feel good.\" \"Did you tell her its Back to the Future?\" Charlie asked. \"No one can resist its classic charms no matter how bad they feel.\" \"Nah, I say we let her rest,\" Virgil said, much to Zeke's disappointment. \"I wouldn't want her feeling any worse.\"[Chapter 8] After parking his motorcycle at school and throwing his ratty backpack over his shoulder, Zeke stalked towards the entrance of Summerton High. He never noticed details to the rest of the student population, but today a familiar skateboard caught his attention. His chest-piece (as he dubbed his heart since he HATED that word) gave a little leap as he prepared to talk to Jay, but he was taken aback when he saw some random punk kid showing his friends a few kick flips. Zeke was positive the board was Jay's since the wheels were a clear silver color, but he waved the thought off. Maybe the guy just happened to buy the same board that she had. He went in and spotted Jay just around the corner of the cafeteria. She always dressed with a slight punk influence and a dark color scheme, but today she was wearing too much black. Zeke didn't even know she owned a pair of fingerless black biker gloves until he got a glance of them today. The thing that really warned Zeke that something was wrong was her posture. She was slouching, keeping her head down, and she was avoiding eye contact, her uncombed hair covering most of her face. As Zeke was catching up to her, he heard a few snickers. Knowing what they were, he made a mental note to find the unfortunate victim for them before pushing the thought away. \"Are you feeling better?\" he asked Jay when he was within hearing range. She turned her head to the side to get a glance of him. \"Yeah, thanks.\" They had reached a set of stairs when Zeke knew something was dead wrong. Jay lifted her right knee to climb them, but she winced and hissed. She was injured. Zeke grabbed her arm and led her around a corner next to a vending machine where they'd get a little privacy. \"What happened to your leg?\" He was thankful she didn't even try to deny it. \"…I fell off my board yesterday.\" \"Where?\" he asked, beginning to dread the answer. Jay inhaled slowly before replying. \"Here. After school.\" His blood froze as he finally understood the snickering and his anger sparked when he realized that the punk kid from earlier had been riding HER board. He ran a hand through his hair and paced to cool off. \"What happened?\" She explained how she lost control on the little slope at the side of the school and she ran into one of the garbage cans, smearing her bum (as she called it) with leftover food. Zeke noticed how Jay lowered her gaze in embarrassment and he grabbed her by the shoulders to force her to look at him. \"You should have come to the basement, we would've stopped it.\" \"I know, but there were people…And I just wanted to leave,\" she said, bringing her hands up to rub her face. Underneath the gloves, Zeke caught something white wrapped around her wrists. Without saying anything, he took one of them and gently slid the glove off only to find her palm wrapped in a white bandage. \"It's not as bad as it look,\" she said while he carefully inspected her hand, frowning slightly. She pulled her hand away and put the glove back on. Zeke stared at her blankly as she pushed her bangs out of her face, the florescent lights of the school making the purple color of her hair faintly visible. Deep down, it hurt him that she'd been through that and it hurt that he wasn't going to be able to do anything about it until after school. \"Look, I'll see you at lunch okay?\" She climbed up the stairs with her left knee first. \"As much as I would love to ditch, I have to get to class.\" Zeke resisted the urge to tell her not to go to avoid the snickering reminders of yesterday. After ignoring the impulse to find the punk kid and beat him into the ground during lunch, he was more than relieved when the final bell rang. He was the first one at the basement, suited up and ready to jump through. \"All right let's go,\" he rushed the other two. Virgil was still in the process of zipping up his suit, but he decided to walk as he finished up the last touches. He knew if he didn't, it would frustrate and anger Zeke. \"Okay let's do this.\" … Zeke was the first one to see the slope. He looked around for Jay and managed to spot her just as Virgil and Charlie caught up. \"Slow…down,\" Charlie panted, leaning on his knees. Zeke ignored him and sprinted off towards the slope. \"Move the garbage can!\" Just in case I don't make it or something else happens, he told himself. \"Move!\" he shouted at the crowd of people beginning to form around him. He just needed to reach the wide crack before Jay did. She was beginning to turn towards the grass and Zeke caught up, swooping her off of her board just as she was reaching the crack. Her board clattered loudly when it hit it and flipped over, sliding to the spot where the trash can used to be. Zeke was panting, catching his breath, and the viewing spectators cheered. It was only when jay tried to turn that he realized his arm was around her waist, holding onto her tightly as if he were protecting her. And in a way, he was. He quickly let go and she flashed him the Vampire Smile he liked to look at. \"I don't know what I missed, but thanks Snowsuit,\" she said. He gave her a mocking stern look. \"You know what the name is.\" \"And your point is?\" Zeke couldn't help the smile that crept onto his face as he ran off with Virgil and Charlie.[Chapter 9] Just as Jay had predicted weeks ago, there was an assembly to show case Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. The entire student population was excused from their classes to make their way into the auditorium. Virgil, Charlie, Zeke, Jay and Jeanette met up and after some arguments, decided to sit close to the front. Catching Stephanie out of the corner of his eye, Virgil waved hello before taking a seat in between Charlie and Jeanette, since the short teen was so insistent about it. Virgil smiled to himself as he saw Zeke and Jay in their own world next to Charlie and the musical started after a few reminders to turn off all cellphones and not be a distraction to the rest of the auditorium. Although he didn't understand a single word of what was sung, Virgil managed to pick out enough to enjoy the show. When the part of the Elvis inspired pharaoh came up, the gang laughed as the actor came to their row and pulled Jay out of her seat to dance with her. Flushed and dazed by being in the spotlight, Jay took her seat after the Elvis pharaoh spun her one last time. The show was so good, even Zeke was grinning in amusement. Then came the more unexpected part. Just as the dance number was finishing up, Chester ran across the stage IN NOTHING BUT A PAIR OF WHITE BOXERS. The student body roared in laughter as the boy ran through the actors, making them repel like a bunch of magnets. It seemed that somehow, the laughter got louder when a group of teachers ran on to try to catch him. \"For a guy with nudity issues, he's certainly come a full circle,\" Virgil managed to say. \"Aw this is great,\" Zeke said, rubbing his sore cheeks. Chester ran in a circle a few times and just as he was running off, he was tackled. The students cheered for him as he was dragged out and it took the actors on stage a while to figure out from which point to start the musical up again. They finished and the students were excused to go back to class. Outside the auditorium, Virgil caught Stephanie saying goodbye to Derek and he took the opportunity to approach her. \"Can you believe what happened?\" he said in a greeting. Stephanie smiled. \"It was funny, but some things are better off being left unseen.\" \"Couldn't agree more,\" Virgil said. \"So how's the scholarship coming along?\" Her face lit up. \"I just hope all this practice is good enough. Don't freak out, but the other day I fell off of the pyramid during practice. I don't know why, I just felt something…hit my head. But before I hit the ground, one of the Snowsuit Guys caught me.\" Virgil pretended to be surprised. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. I don't know how they did it, but if it wasn't for them I'm pretty sure I'd have a broken leg by now.\" Virgil bit his tongue to keep from telling her about how she DID break her leg. \"They're just amazing,\" Stephanie continued. \"Thankfully, I'll be able to perform at the football game tonight which is when the scout will determine if I'm good enough or not.\" \"No pressure or anything right?\" Virgil snorted. \"Yeah,\" Stephanie chuckled. \"You should come and you know, support the team.\" \"Yours or Derek's?\" Virgil teased. \"Mmm…Both. Well I'll see you later.\" She waved goodbye as they reached a corner. … Virgil ignored his friends' side conversations during the game and kept his eyes on the cheerleading squad. Their routines were perfect, the girls moved and responded with machine-like synchronization, and when it came for the pyramid, Virgil thought that the mounts and dismounts were flawless. While Stephanie was doing well with her team, Derek was dominating the football field with his. Because of him, the team ultimately won the game. The students jumped from their seats and hugged each other, cheering Derek's name. After high-fiving his friends, Virgil tried to get to the ground to congratulate Stephanie, but settled with leaning against the rail when he saw that the gates were locked. \"Stephanie!\" he shouted through cupped hands. \"Steph!\" She heard him and waved, smiling widely. Virgil gave her two thumbs-up. \"Great job!\" He couldn't hear her reply, but he knew she understood when she returned the gesture. One of the cheerleaders turned her attention away and Virgil watched as Stephanie walked off from the field with her team. … The Burger Hour seemed more packed than usual. Virgil felt extremely cramped as he walked back to the gang's table with his order. Jay and Jeanette laughed at something Zeke said, making Charlie flustered and embarrassed. \"What did I miss?\" Vigil asked, digging into his food. Jay tried to catch her breath. \"Zeke just said tha—\" Virgil jolted in response to his vibrating cellphone. He held up a finger while he pulled it out and answered it. \"Yeah?\" \"Virgil, we're going to have a party at Derek's house if you and your friends want to come,\" Stephanie said. \"I already told him and he said it's okay.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah.\" Virgil grinned. \"Okay thanks for the invite. We'll see you there.\" He flipped his phone shut and looked at his friends. \"Stephanie invited us to a party, wanna go?\" Their expressions weren't exactly encouraging. \"Where at?\" Zeke asked. \"Derek's place.\" \"The quarterback?\" Zeke said. \"Yeah, I think I'll pass.\" \"Aw come o—\" \"Me too,\" Jay cut Virgil off. \"I don't think I'll feel comfortable there.\" \"What?\" Virgil frowned. \"Why?\" \"They're, well they're…you know…\" Jay couldn't bring herself to finish the thought. \"Popular,\" Zeke said. \"They're popular. We don't belong with them.\" \"But we were invited,\" Virgil said. \"By Derek himself?\" Zeke countered. \"Or Stephanie?\" \"What does that have to do with anything?\" \"Everything,\" Charlie finally spoke up. \"Virgil I doubt that Derek was excited with the idea of us going to his party. If anything, I believe that we were 'invited' because Stephanie somehow managed to persuade him otherwise.\" Virgil wasn't about to hear this nonsense. He knew that what Charlie said wasn't true because he's known Derek and Stephanie since they were children. They used to be best friends back in the day. They've had so many good times together, it was difficult to accept the implications the group was making. His face hardened and he took a final sip of Coke before standing up. \"Fine. If you guys don't want to go, stay here.\"[Chapter 10] Things had been going great lately, Jay thought. After the day that Summerton won at the football game, it seemed that Virgil had a spring to his step because he got back into contact with his old friends. Jay felt happy for him, she really did, and she believed that things couldn't get better than they were now. She was getting along really well with Zeke and it seemed that Charlie was tolerating Jeanette a little more than usual. PE was as boring and time consuming as always, but it felt fantastic to Jay. That's how cheerful she was, PE (the crappiest class at school) was now freaking awesome. Her class had taken a timed race and Jay improved by a lot. She was hot and sweaty when she went in the locker room, but she didn't care. Before she knew it, she was dressed and out in the hall. The sound of cruel laughter made her whip around and the sight made her freeze. There was an average girl—average as in not a walking stereotype—that had obviously come out of the locker room after Jay. Her tan jeans had big red stains in the front and in the back, every teenage girl's NIGHTMARE. While some girls wore sympathetic expressions, the crueler ones whipped out their phones and snapped a few pictures before the girl zipped back into the locker room. Crap, I need to start carrying a sweater again, Jay scolded herself, finding the courage to go into the locker room after the girl. \"E-Excuse me,\" she heard a timid, anxious voice say. \"I wanna—\" \"Oh I'm sorry, are we in your way?\" Jay turned a corner and saw the situation. A group of girls were blocking the way to go to the bathroom stalls. The victim had to choose to cover either her rear end or the front side. One of the girls caught sight of Jay. \"Uh, can we help you?\" Jay had never felt more disgusted with herself than when she turned her head away and muttered, \"No.\" She turned and left. A numb feeling made her walk in a dazed fashion until suddenly, she found herself all alone in the halls. She was such a coward. If she couldn't help ONE girl, she didn't deserve the second chance Zeke and the others gave her the day they stopped her from falling off of her skateboard. How could she just ABANDON someone in need like that? Jay couldn't even begin to imagine what those girls had done to the victim. She kept telling herself that she didn't deserve to be friends with people as nice as Virgil, Charlie, Zeke or Jeanette. Now THEY would have done something without backing off. Maybe their presence in the locker room would have created some major fan-girling; a distraction for the victim to escape. Jay's eyes went wide as her brain put two and two together. Excited, she pulled out her phone and texted Jeanette as she ran out of the school to get some supplies. … \"Guys I have the next mission!\" Jay said before she entered the basement. Luckily, Jeanette was already there with a box that hopefully had Jay's request. Virgil was still absent, but everyone knew he was going to show up a little later. \"It looks like we're going to have a double shift today,\" Zeke said, pushing himself off of a pillar. \"We need to go back to help this kid get rid of some toilet paper.\" Jay frowned. \"Huh?\" \"This guy came out of the bathroom with some toilet paper stuck in his pants,\" Zeke explained. \"He was laughed at as soon as everyone got out of class.\" \"How are we going to do this then?\" Jay asked. \"Because the one that I had in mind is going to be…different.\" \"How so?\" Zeke said. Jay shared a look with Jeanette before answering. \"Jeanette and I have to go back to stop it.\" She received two surprised expressions. \"Hold on,\" Charlie held up a hand. \"YOU and JEANETTE are going to go back in time and become Minute…girls?\" \"Trust me, you aren't going to want to take care of this one,\" Jay warned. \"It's going to require you to go into the girls' locker room to take care of some girl business.\" It was then that Virgil showed up, opening and closing the heavy door with a loud creak. He went into the main gathering space. \"Hey guys, so what did I miss?\" \"Jay and Jeanette are going to go back today,\" Zeke said shortly. \"What?\" Virgil frowned in confusion. Jay snapped up a hand. \"Girl business.\" \"Hmm…Sounds like we're going to have to split up,\" Virgil said, walking over to the small group. \"Of course, one of us will have to stay—\" Charlie's reply was immediate. He sat down at the computer. \"Okay, I'll monitor the machine. You guys have fun.\" Smirking, Virgil looked at the remaining three. \"Since there are two missions, we'll go in two's. Me and Zeke. Jay and Jeanette. We'll go complete the missions and we'll go back to basement as soon as we're done.\" \"Think you can handle it?\" Zeke asked them. \"Don't forget we have the school guards AND the newspaper reporters after us.\" Jay and Jeanette shared a look. \"We can do it.\" \"All right then,\" Virgil said. \"Let's suit up.\" … The girls finally understood how the snowsuits came in handy; jumping through the vortex was freezing cold! Other than that and a quick shake of their heads to get rid of the dizziness, the girls felt fine. As the four were leaving the basement, Virgil was telling them to avoid running into their past selves. \"You can see each other if you happen to cross paths, just don't touch each other,\" Virgil said. \"Got it,\" Jay nodded, making a mental note to avoid her past self in the locker room. They were coming around a corner when they saw a glimpse of a school guard. They immediately ducked back around the corner and peered around every few seconds to see when the guard would leave. They reached the point where they needed to split up, but Zeke was hesitant about letting the girls go off on their own. \"Just get to the basement as quickly and safely as you can,\" he told them. Before the girls departed he snagged Jay's arm, his steel blue eyes staring into hers intensely. \"Be careful. Don't let the guards catch you or all hell will break loose.\" With a final nod, Jay and Jeanette were on their way to the locker room. Jay was careful with her messenger bag, keeping it from shaking it too much to keep her supplies safe. She tried to think of a way to get Jeanette out of the locker room so she wouldn't see the carton of eggs she brought along on the trip. Since she couldn't come up with one, she decided to be extra cautious when it came time to use them. Careful to keep the carton hidden, Jay pulled it out and handed the messenger bag to Jeanette. \"Here, find a locker with tan jeans and put it in there. It has extra clothes and a handful of you know, pads.\" Jeanette bobbed her head excitedly. \"Okay.\" She left Jay scanning the lockers, trying to identify the ones that belonged to those bullies. It took her a while, but when she found them she opened the lid to the eggs. \"It's payback time.\" \"All right! I'm…done,\" Jeanette came skipping back. Jay wasn't fast enough to hide the carton and Jeanette saw them. \"What are those for?\" \"Um—Th-These? They're nothing really,\" Jay stammered, quickly closing the lid and hiding them behind her back. Jeanette looked at her in confusion, sadness but most importantly, distrust. Jay couldn't stand that expression for one reason: Jeanette had been her first friend. Everything that's happened, this incredible life, was made possible because of Jeanette's persistence to join a club that one day. The thought of losing her as a friend made Jay feel like an ungrateful prick. She sighed, bringing the eggs to the front again. \"I was going to…egg the bullies' lockers.\" Jeannette was appalled but Jay also detected a sense of disappointment. \"We represent the Minutemen and they stop injustices before they happen. They don't cause them. If we were to get even…we wouldn't be any better than they are.\" She turned and slowly began to walk away. \"Don't disgrace them,\" she added sadly before leaving the locker room. The five minute bell rang, meaning that the girls from the gym would come barging in any second. If there were any last second attempts to get revenge, now would be the time. But Jay merely sat down and looked at the eggs. ...Jeanette was right. What was the point of coming back in time if more problems would be made than solved? Those girls did deserve some kind of punishment, but it wasn't Jay's right to dish it out. She just had to do her best to avoid it and help others do the same. Sighing, Jay left the eggs at the bench just as the locker room door was slammed open. Jolting back into action, she ran out to the halls before the girls got a glimpse of her. … \"Jeanette!\" Jay ran as quickly as she could without attracting too much attention. \"Jeanette!\" \"Yeah?\" The girls almost ran into each other around the corner. \"Oh, geez!\" Jay exclaimed. She set a hand on her shoulder. \"Let's go before I go back to do it.\" She was tackled in a bear hug. \"What the-?!\" \"I knew you were a keeper,\" Jeanette said.[Chapter 11] \"Bam!\" Jay slammed the newspaper on the lunch table in front of the guys. \"Check this out you guys.\" \"We're officially your sidekicks!\" Jeanette chirped happily. \"PARTNERS.\" Jay held up a finger towards her. \"Right, partners.\" The boys leaned in to read the headline. \"The Minutemen: New Recruits,\" the title said. \"Nice!\" Virgil high-fived Zeke. \"It's about time they got the name right.\" \"I guess you're lucky that I happened to set them on the right track,\" Jay sat down, wearing her Vampire Smile. \"How?\" Virgil asked. \"When we went back to help that girl, I left her a note,\" Jay explained shortly. \"We're lucky we even got the Snowsuit Guys,\" Zeke said. \"Imagine what we would've been called had we stuck with our old costumes.\" \"The Hobos,\" Jay said. \"The Hitchhikers,\" Zeke added. Grinning, Jay nodded. \"Yeah it could have been MUCH worse.\" … Virgil decided to take Charlie and Jeanette back to the past this time. He wanted to give Zeke and Jay some time to hang out, but he also wanted to give the big guy some time to rest; he'd been going back on EVERY mission, Virgil thought he needed some time to rest. Although Zeke was hesitant about it at first, he finally agreed to stay behind when Virgil reassured him multiple times that he, Charlie and Jeanette could handle the heat of the past. After helping a majorly clumsy kid, the trio ran down the stairs to the lower level when the five minute bell rang. A guard passed the base of the stairs, making them skid to a stop. Unfortunately, the guard saw them and as soon as he recognized them he gave a shout, starting up the stairs. Virgil, Charlie and Jeanette sprinted up the stairs and upon Virgil's demand, they split up. Instinctively, Jeanette followed Charlie while Virgil ran off on his own. Charlie didn't notice because he was focused on escaping the guard and he saw the hall coming up fast on his right. \"Come on.\" He grabbed Jeanette's arm knowing that if they went around they'd be able to hide. He steered them into the hall and went around a corner, pushing them against the wall. \"Do you…think he…followed…Virgil?\" Jeanette managed to ask among her gasps. Charlie slowly peered around the corner and immediately pulled back when he saw the guard's figure. He slapped a hand over Jeanette's mouth and essentially squeezed her against the wall as he cowered away from the corner. Controlling his breathing, Charlie listened as the footsteps faded away. He was so tense, Jeanette had to poke him in the ribs way after the footsteps disappeared. When he didn't respond, she tried to talk. Blinking suddenly, Charlie took his hand off of her mouth. \"Huh?\" \"How long are we going to stay like this?\" Jeanette whispered. The scenario finally hit Charlie and with a yelp, he jumped away from Jeanette, shaking his arm as if he were putting out a fire. \"Let's just go,\" he finally said. \"And forget that anything happened,\" he muttered under his breath. \"Like what?\" Jeanette asked. Charlie gave her a look and shook his head. \"Never mind. Let's go find Virgil.\" … \"Maybe it's just me, but lately I've felt like I'm being stalked,\" Zeke said a few days later in the basement. \"I hate it.\" Virgil raised his hand. \"I've felt the same thing. So the other day I went to the gas station to buy a slushee and I was getting these weird vibes from a guy in a suit.\" \"Hold up,\" Jay held up her hands and paused before asking. \"Was he wearing sunglasses?\" Virgil frowned in confusion. \"Yeeaahh…Where are you going with this?\" \"Inside?\" Virgil nodded slowly and tried to catch her drift. \"Yeeaahh.\" \"Why would he wear sunglasses inside?\" Jay wondered. \"That's weird.\" Charlie was panicking while the rest talked. He was breathing really fast and playing with his fingers. Jeanette noticed. \"What's wrong hummingbird?\" He hesitated. \"…There was one piece of the formula that evaded my mind for several years until I found what I was looking for through an extensive, round-the-clock internet downloading procedure.\" Staring at Charlie intensely, Zeke deciphered his language. \"He was hacking.\" \"Hacking?\" Jay and Jeanette said together. \"It gets worse,\" Charlie rubbed his mouth. Virgil was wondering how this could get WORSE when Charlie's next answer made his blood freeze. \"I robbed NASA.\" \"You robbed NASA?!\" Virgil asked loudly. Everyone else stared at Charlie with wide eyes, their shock making it difficult for them to react as Virgil did. Charlie held up his hands to calm Virgil down. \"It's not as bad as it sounds.\" \"No it's way worse than it sounds!\" Virgil paced in place, trying hard to slow his breathing down. \"If we go to jail—\" \"Whoa, whoa,\" Jay interrupted. \"No one said ANYTHING about going to jail.\" \"If we do and we share a cell,\" Zeke started, looking at Virgil and Charlie as he spoke, \"you guys should know that I snore like a chainsaw.\" \"The files were from the 1900s. They were defunct. NO ONE HAD LOOKED AT THEM FOR AGES,\" Charlie said the sentence slowly to get the concept through. \"By the way things are working out, I'd say they just did,\" Virgil said, placing a hand up to his forehead and another on his hip. \"We'll be fine,\" Charlie reassured him. \"We just have to stop using the machine and lay low for a while.\" The mere thought of stopping the missions brought an eerie silence in the basement. \"But…what about those kids?\" Jay asked softly. Charlie looked at her helplessly as if saying, 'We've got no choice.' Jeanette couldn't handle the emotion and she bowed her head down. After another moment of silence, Virgil sighed loudly and brought his other hand to his hip. He looked up at the ceiling. \"Okay. We'll lay low.\"[Chapter 12] The time that the gang took off from the machine felt strange, but they somehow managed to adjust. Virgil took the opportunity to hang out with Stephanie to study so it soon became Zeke, Charlie, Jay and Jeanette. It was still going pretty great, the five still hung out during lunch, but without Virgil there after school it still felt incomplete. The gang was wondering when this vacation was going to end when a week and a half later, trouble came afoot. Virgil was in his first period class when one of the school guards came in and asked him to follow him. He was escorted to the Vice Principal's office where he saw his four friends and the two reporters. Already, he began to dread this little meeting but he couldn't help but ask what was going on as he took a seat next to Charlie. \"I'm deciding whether or not I should expel you MINUTEMEN,\" the Vice Principal stared at the boys, trying his best to sound intimidating. He gave Jay and Jeanette a quick apologetic look. \"And girls.\" Jay rolled her eyes and, smiling, Jeanette gave the Vice Principal a little nod of acknowledgement. Virgil gulped and forced out a chuckle in an effort to break the tension. \"Whaat? We aren't the—\" \"Save it,\" Vice Principal Tolkan snapped up a hand. \"Riley and Marcy found your hideout. You're finished.\" \"What?\" Virgil turned a frown to them. \"How—?\" Riley blew a curl out of her face and interrupted. \"Since you disappeared, I was going to need to report on SOMETHING so I was assigned to get a statement from each club. During my journalism period, I went around leaving notes to warn the clubs that I was going to ask them a few questions.\" The curl came back in front of her face, so she flicked her head to the side. \"It wasn't locked?\" Virgil turned a hard glare at Charlie, who shrank away from him. Vice Principal Tolkan opened a folder and slid Marcy's pictures across his desk. \"We have evidence that THIS is the Minutemen's hideout and even if you aren't the Minutemen, you're still going to get punished for NOT telling me about this. Until I can decide what to do, the five of you will spend the rest of the day in detention.\" The five friends let out five different exclamations as Riley and Marcy bowed their heads slightly in shame. The Vice Principal held up a hand to silence the commotion. \"Effective immediately.\" His face twitched slightly at the seven confused looks he was receiving. \"I've always wanted to say that,\" he muttered by way of an explanation. He cleared his throat. \"You'll be escorted to your classes to retrieve your possessions and then you'll be taken to the detention room.\" As the five were led out the office, Virgil glanced angrily at the two reporters who in turn gave him helpless, sad looks. … \"This is ridiculous,\" Jay scanned the room in fascination and disbelief. \"I've never been in detention my whole life.\" \"Me either,\" Jeanette squeaked, playing with the charms on one of her bracelets. Virgil paced frantically. \"How is it possible that the door to the basement was UNLOCKED?\" \"It should have been locked,\" Charlie said. \"I-I don't remember if I did or didn't—\" \"It doesn't matter,\" Virgil interrupted loudly. His tone made the girls flinch and Charlie stare back helplessly without a reply. \"Hey, don't talk to Charlie that way,\" Zeke snapped, glaring at Virgil. \"It's not his fault those damn girls went down there.\" Virgil sighed and rubbed his face with both hands. A million thoughts ran through his mind and possible solutions grew dimmer and dimmer by the second. \"You're right…\" His tone dismissed Zeke from his defensive posture, and he slinked back into his usual slouched position. \"I'm sorry man,\" Virgil addressed Charlie. \"It's just…How are we going to get out of this?\" \"We'll figure something out,\" Charlie said reassuringly, taking a step towards his friend now that he had calmed down. The door opened and the five found a seat, the girls a little more quickly than the boys. The detention teacher walked in and let a folder drop on the podium near the left corner of the classroom. Before speaking, he pushed his black-rimmed glasses up a little. \"I'm just going to start off by saying that I'm not the detention teacher,\" he admitted in a relaxed, straight-forward manner. \"For those of you who don't know me, I teach World Civ. Since they didn't have anyone else to supervise you, they took my consultation period away.\" Jay held up a finger curiously; the gesture wasn't as shy as it would have been had this teacher presented himself differently. \"Uh, what's your name?\" The teacher opened the folder and checked a few things off. \"I've had the fortune of being born with a pretty average name: Mr. Cunningham.\" He closed the folder and looked up at the five. \"Now I know why you're here—\" Virgil gulped down the knot that formed in his throat. \"—and although I don't agree with this, I would still get fired if I don't do what my second boss wants me to do.\" Charlie raised his hand. \"Wait so you know that we're-?\" \"Charlie,\" Zeke turned a sharp look towards him. Cunningham waved a hand at Zeke as if to calm him down and he paced to the front of the classroom, crossing his arms. \"The truth is that at this point, the whole school knows that you five are AT LEAST involved. If not everyone, the ones that read the newspaper.\" \"Oh great,\" Virgil muttered, slinking back into his seat. \"So here's what's going to happen guys,\" Cunningham walked back to the podium at the corner. \"I can't have you sit in silence because chances are that I'm going to fall asleep. I can't show you something because if a supervisor walks in, it won't end well for either of us. So to try to make it as painless as possible, I'm going to have you vote on two options…\" … The gang was helping Cunningham correct his students' tests and while they worked, he was chill enough to play old rock songs to avoid any awkward silences. Virgil decided that he liked Cunningham and he became grateful that he was the one that was in charge of their detention session. About ten minutes into their work, the door opened and the five friends were surprised to see Marcy the Photographer standing in the doorway. \"Cunningham? I really need to talk to you about my test score.\" He went to talk to her in a lower tone. \"I don't think you failed, if that's what you're worried about.\" Marcy tugged at the sleeves of her long-sleeved shirt and to Virgil, she seemed a little nervous. \"Um, is it okay if we talk out in the hall?\" \"Yeah, okay.\" Almost as soon as Marcy and Cunningham left, the door opened again and Riley the Reporter rushed in. \"To start off, I just wanted to say that I am so sorry. I never meant any of this to happen.\" Zeke grunted earning him the same helpless glance that Charlie gave Virgil earlier from her. \"Well, it isn't exactly YOUR fault,\" Virgil said by way of accepting her apology. \"No,\" she held up a hand firmly. \"I should have known better than to think my teacher was going to keep the secret. I just wish I never went to her.\" A light bulb went off in Virgil's mind and a wide grin formed on his face. \"If you NEVER went to her…\" Charlie caught his drift and he stared at the blonde with wide eyes. \"You seriously can't be suggesting what I KNOW you're suggesting.\" Virgil simply stared at him with his crazy grin. \"What is it?\" What's going on?\" Riley looked back and forth between the two boys. Just as Virgil opened his mouth to reply, Mr. Cunningham came back. \"Riley? What are you doing here?\" \"Oh um, I was…looking for…\" \"Marcy,\" Virgil spoke up. \"She was asking where Marcy was.\" Riley nodded quickly and pointed at Virgil. \"Yeah. Um, do you know where she is?\" Cunningham stared suspiciously at her for a second before replying, \"Yeah. She just went down the hall to the Commons.\" \"Thanks.\" Riley rushed past him, her naturally curly hair bouncing with each step. Cunningham walked back to his desk in the back corner. \"I don't know what you guys were talking about but since you're still here, I'll ignore it.\"[Chapter 13] The gang ended up getting a two-month suspension. The Vice Principal wanted to place fines on them too, but he couldn't since they didn't really damage any school property. The group was forced to leave school grounds and since they didn't want to face the wrath of their parents, they went to the park. There, Virgil told them about the plan to go back in time to stop the girls from discovering the basement. Even though they ran the risk of being discovered by NASA or whoever was after them, they all agreed to do it. Since today would mark the 48-hour deadline the machine had, they decided to try sneaking into the basement to complete the mission. \"Hopefully, they haven't dismantled the machine,\" Jay muttered, biting down on her lip. With that comment, the gang hurried to get back to school. Getting on the property was easy. Virgil was grateful they didn't have to worry about getting out because that would complicate this a million times over. No one was guarding the door to go downstairs, but it was still locked. Virgil's heart sank when Charlie suddenly pulled out a spare key and opened the door. \"I always keep the spare with me.\" Everyone hurried inside and quickly shut the door, making sure it was locked for privacy. \"All right, I'm going in.\" Virgil made a direct bee-line to the box that held the costumes. \"Hmm. At least they had the courtesy of folding them up.\" \"You're only going back to lock the door right?\" Zeke asked. \"Yeah. If we lock the door, Riley never opens it and we don't have to worry about her discovering the machine,\" Virgil answered as he dressed up. \"Simple enough,\" Zeke shrugged. … True to his word, the first thing Virgil did when he made it through was lock the door. He was turning to jump back again when he paused. Locking the door may have delayed the discovery of the machine, but Riley was still going to ask her questions. Maybe he could get it out of the way now… He took the snowsuit off and left the basement to look for the reporter. The blonde wasn't in a particular hurry as he roamed the empty halls of the high school. Everyone had classes and she was out delivering warning notes so it would be easy to spot her. After walking around for a moment, Virgil picked up the pace. The longer it took to find her, the greater the chance that Riley would go back down to the basement. Finally he found her and approached her casually just as she was turning around from sticking a note on an empty classroom. \"Are you doing some kind of surveys with the school clubs?\" She frowned at him. \"Uh, how did you know?\" Virgil pointed to the note she left on the door. \"I saw a note while I was walking around.\" \"Okay. Is there a specific reason why you're interested?\" Riley asked, counting the number of notes left. \"I'm the head of a club and I was wondering if I could answer any questions right now.\" She looked up at him with a little bit more attention. \"Which club are you in?\" \"The Back to the Future Fan Club,\" Virgil answered, feeling a little embarrassed of the name. Riley's eyebrows shot up in amusement. \"Fan Club eh?\" \"It is a good movie.\" \"That's true,\" Riley agreed with a wry smile. \"Unfortunately, I'm going to have to say no. I can't conduct the survey because I have to pass out the rest of these notes and I still haven't written it up yet.\" \"Okay. I'm going to warn you not to include the club in the paper because we won't be able to answer your questions by the time you type them up.\" \"Did you hit a rough patch or something?\" \"Something like that,\" Virgil said with a careless shrug of his shoulders. \"Point being, we don't have any meeting scheduled because none of the members are really available.\" \"Huh. Okay.\" Riley said. \"You won't mind being left out of the newspaper then?\" Gosh no, Virgil thought to himself. That's the whole purpose of the mission anyway. \"Not really.\" \"Well all right. Thanks for the heads-up.\" \"No problem,\" Virgil turned around walked off while throwing a quick 'Good luck' over his shoulder. As soon as he went around the corner, he gave a small sigh of relief: it was over. He could go back and tell the others that they could take it as easily as before. \"Virgil?\" He barely heard his name as he broke out of his train of thought. \"What the hell were you doing?\" Zeke snapped at him. \"What are you doing here?\" Virgil answered his question with a question, annoying the tall teen greatly. \"You were taking too long so I jumped through to check what was going on.\" \"Only you?\" Zeke glared at him sarcastically. \"Noo.\" \"Aside from that much needed dose of sarcasm,\" Virgil started as he walked past Zeke to head to the basement, \"I'm proud to report that Riley will leave us alone so there is absolutely no risk of being caught.\" \"Huh,\" Zeke grunted as he turned to follow Virgil. The bell to excuse the students rang, so the halls were quickly piled with kids anxious to move on to their next class. \"I guess your insensitivity really did pay off.\" \"Insensitivity?\" \"Oh, I meant to say stupidity,\" Zeke said a little jokingly. Virgil rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to say something when a girl rushed up to a friend near the boys and tugged her arm urgently. \"Come on!\" \"What's going on?\" the friend asked. \"The school guards caught one of the Minutemen!\" Virgil and Zeke shared a quick look before running after the girls and following them to the cafeteria. A huge crowd of people were gathered around, protesting angrily about something. Just above the shouts, they heard a familiar voice. \"Let me go!\" Zeke being the tallest managed saw the school guard push past the crowd of people with a firm grip on Jay. Luckily her hood and goggles were still on so no one would be able to connect the Minute Gang with Virgil and the others. \"Is it really a Minutegirl?\" Virgil was careful not to say anything too revealing in the public space. \"Yeah.\" Zeke began to push past the crowd to get to Jay and the guard. She was struggling to run off, but she couldn't shake the stern-looking guard off. \"Let go of my arm!\" she yelled angrily, pulling on her arm as hard as she could. He paused in his steps to use his strength to work against hers, allowing Jay to take the opportunity to use all of her weight to jerk back and yank her arm free. Laughing a little in triumph, she backed up only to bump into a student from the crowd, giving the guard a chance to reach out and grab her arm again. Before he could, Zeke blocked his arm and got a hold of her, pulling her further into the crowd to escape him. \"What are you doing here?!\" he yelled angrily above the crowd while he led her out. The cheering and shouting of the crowd masked his tone so Jay didn't take any notice that he was upset. \"I was worried okay? I jumped back to help you guys.\" As frustrated as the tall teen was, he didn't say anything else. The two got out of the crowd and met up with Virgil on the outskirts. \"All right, come on. We've got to go,\" Virgil urged. The trio ran off, leaving a few of the viewing students cheering in support. Just as they reached the corner, a girl ran into Jay, knocking her to the ground. There was an explosion of blue-purple light that made everyone shield their eyes. The only two people who didn't notice it were Jay and the girl. She was grabbing her forehead, cursing at the pain she was in and she stumbled to her feet. For a second, Zeke thought that Jay was the one doing the swearing until he saw that she wasn't talking when he bent down to help her up. He heard two horrified gasps before he could fully process what was happening. \"Oh CRAPBALL,\" Virgil said, bringing his hands up to his head. Zeke was completely confused because Jay was suddenly standing in front of him in her civilian clothes. When he saw Jeanette staring at him and Virgil with wide horrified eyes, it finally hit him like a bag of bricks. Jay had run into herself. \"What's going on?\" Present Jay groaned, oblivious to the situation. She rubbed her forehead one final time before setting her eyes at the unknown assailant. She stumbled back with a terrified yelp when she recognized herself standing in front of her and Zeke. \"Oh cra—Did I just…Did we just…\" Past Jay motioned between her two persons frantically. \"What were you DOING?\" Virgil asked her. \"We heard that someone from the Minute Gang was caught, so we were on our way to check it out,\" she gestured between herself and Past Jeanette. With two Jays in his presence and the situation crashing onto his logic like a tsunami, Zeke was beginning to feel overwhelmed. He looked at Virgil. \"We need to go. NOW.\"[Chapter 14] \"WHAT DID YOU GUYS DO?!\" Charlie immediately attacked the three friends when they landed on the mattresses. \"The signals were fine one second and the next, they're going haywire! And I don't think I need to tell you that they weren't bouncing around in a good way, do I?!\" Jay looked hesitatingly between Zeke and Virgil; she didn't know what to say. \"We had a little run in with the past,\" Virgil told Charlie vaguely. \"You WHAT?!\" Charlie threw his hands up in the air. \"Do you know what this 'run in' did?! There's a hole in the space-time continuum that I doubt I can fix, we can't time travel anymore because of it!\" Jay's guilt was eating away at her and it sucked out all of her energy, leaving her feeling nauseous and dizzy. She stumbled to the side concrete steps and laid a hand out for support. What did she do? Why was she so stupid? \"Goodness knows what's going to come as a result of what happened back there, but I do know this: as soon as I fix the damage—IF I can fix the damage—I'm tearing this infernal machine apart with my bare hands.\" No one argued. They simply stared at Charlie helplessly while Jay stared wearily at a spot on the floor. … Charlie spent the entire next week in front of a computer screen, running the numbers of the new incident again and again in order to find a solution to the problem that was created. The others hadn't been able to get a glimpse of him because he was either in the basement or at his house. Everyone felt terrible, but the one who took the hit the hardest was Jay. Her anxiety levels blew through the roof and like Charlie, she couldn't stay still for more than three seconds. Zeke sensed something was wrong and he tried to comfort her, taking her out on strolls to clear her mind, getting her comfort food (because women went through these types of phases, he discovered through his research on how to make girls feel better). On Friday, she couldn't handle the pressure anymore and she broke. She cried, hugging her knees tightly while Zeke had his arm around her shoulders. He hated how things turned out on that last mission and he hated how it affected Jay. The day after, he met up with Virgil and the two planned a spontaneous movie marathon to ease down the tension with everyone. \"I'll call Charlie and tell him I'm going over to do something important, I don't know,\" Virgil said. \"But we've all got to take a deep breath and relax.\" Thus, Virgil went to the candy aisle of a random store he walked into later on in the day to buy a few treats. He stared at all of the candy, deciding which ones would be suitable to take when his cellphone interrupted his concentration. He answered it. \"Yeah.\" \"Virgil? Are you sure it's okay for me to go to the marathon tonight?\" Jay asked in a cracked voice. \"Of course, what makes you think you can't go?\" Virgil frowned in genuine concern. She really was taking this hard. \"You saw how Charlie reacted to what happened,\" she said. \"He probably hates me.\" \"He doesn't know it was you specifically, it doesn't even matter that you're the one that—\" Virgil stopped himself. He was being inadvertently insensitive. \"Look, he's been taking his frustration out on everyone and we all just need to take it easy. Go to the marathon tonight or I'll have Zeke kidnap you and bring you to Charlie's place tied in a bundle of ropes, not that he'd need it or anything like that.\" She chuckled and sniffed. \"Okay?\" Virgil asked. \"Okay. Thanks dude.\" \"See ya later tonight.\" He ended the call and was about to put the phone away when it rang again. \"Geez, who could it b—\" he stopped when he saw the caller ID and he answered it with a wide smile. \"Stephanie?\" \"Um, Virgil?\" She could barely say his name without choking towards the end of it. Hearing her like this wiped the smile away faster than anything else. \"Stephanie what happened? Are you hurt?\" he immediately asked. \"No. Um he…\" She couldn't bring herself to finish the sentence so she tried again. \"He, uh…\" \"Hang on, I'll be right there.\" Virgil hung up and rushed out, forgetting about the candy. … Jay knocked on the door softly and stepped back, biting her lip and hugging her bag of treats tightly. Charlie opened the door, rubbing his eye and yawning. \"Hi,\" Jay said as bravely as she could. \"Hi.\" He didn't sound angry or upset, just tired. \"Come in.\" Jay went to the living room and to her relief, saw that Jeanette was already there. \"Hi bluejay,\" she chirped, waving excitedly at her. Jay's nervous smile widened into her genuine Vampire Smile as she set her pot luck item down on the coffee table. \"Are we the only ones here so far?\" \"Yup,\" Jeanette bobbed her head. \"We decided that we're going to watch….\" She hopped up, skipped to her bag, rummaged through it quickly, and pulled out a trilogy collection set. \"Indiana Jones!\" \"Nice.\" \"I'll be back up, I've got to go check something really fast,\" Charlie told them as he walked down the hall and into the basement where his room was at. That statement brought Jay's guilt back and her smile started to fade when all of a sudden, she and Jeanette heard the roar of an engine outside of Charlie's house. It made Jay's energetic levels spike as her guilt was replaced with excitement. \"Can you guys let Zeke in?!\" Charlie called from downstairs. \"Sure thing parakeet!\" Jeanette replied. Jay went to the door and opened it just as Zeke was about to knock. \"Hey,\" she greeted him with her wide smile. Seeing that she was quite cheerful the tall teen returned the smile, making her heart jump in her chest. \"Hey.\" Jay shut the door after him and looked at him as he searched his ratty backpack for something. \"I got you these.\" She smiled up at him in gratitude when she realized that it was a small package of fresh blackberries, her favorite fruit. \"Just for me?\" He grinned wryly at her. \"Well would you mind sharing with me?\" She bit her lip and brought her arms behind her back. \"Probably not.\" The basement door creaked open, causing Jay to take a step back from the tall teen, and Charlie appeared from the stairs. \"So is Virgil going to come later on or not?\" he asked Zeke. \"Let's call him,\" Jay suggested, leading the boys back into the living room as she pulled out her phone and dialed Virgil. Putting the call on speaker mode, everyone crowded around the phone and waited a total of three rings before Virgil answered. \"Yeah?\" \"You're on speaker, where are you?\" Jay said. \"Are you at Charlie's?\" he asked her a question of his own, to which Zeke muttered, \"He has to stop doing that.\" \"Yeah, we're all here right now. Are you okay?\" Jay said. Virgil sighed. \"It's Stephanie. She caught Derek kissing Jocelyn Lee.\" \"Oh no!\" Jeanette gasped, bringing her hands up to her mouth. \"Did she break up with him already?\" Jay asked. \"I don't know, she said she was going to talk to him when I was at her place.\" \"What about you, are you okay?\" Charlie asked him. \"You sound terrible dude,\" Zeke added. \"Uh, I feel fine actually,\" Virgil said unconvincingly. \"But Steph, she's…She's really taking this tough.\" \"Oh!\" Jeanette exclaimed softly, tugging on Jay's arm. \"We should go cheer her up!\" \"What?\" \"Yeah! Me and you could have a movie night with her while the boys have their own!\" Jeanette explained. \"Why would you want to do that?\" Zeke questioned her. \"She's a popular. There's no doubt she's probably already got some of the other cheerleaders there lending her moral support.\" \"What do you think Virg?\" Jay asked the phone. \"Honestly, I don't know. But if you guys want to try, I'll text you her address.\" Jay and Jeanette shared a look before Jay said, \"We'll do it.\"[Chapter 15] Stephanie's mom left after she tried to coax her into eating dinner. But she didn't want to eat; she didn't want to do anything. The only thing she wanted was time to cope. Of course she saw the signs; she knew something was up with Derek and Jocelyn. She just wished she'd been brave enough to do something before to save her all this hurt. Her cellphone rang for the millionth time, but without looking at the caller ID she knew it was Derek. Having had enough, Stephanie turned her phone off and tossed it to the side. She was surprised to hear the doorbell ring but even more so when her mom stuck her head in her room. \"Steph, two friends are here to see you.\" Frowning slightly in confusion, Stephanie followed her mom down to the front door. She was more than a little shocked when she saw Jay Quelin and Jeanette Pachelewski standing in her doorway with a big cloth bag. \"Um…Jeanette? Jay? What are…?\" she didn't want to finish the question because she didn't want to sound rude. However, she didn't need to worry because Jeanette spoke up almost as soon as Steph stopped. \"We're here to cheer you up!\" \"Uhh—\" \"We heard about what happened,\" Jay spoke up quickly. \"Virgil told us because it's affecting him as much as it is you. We bring you this gift because any friend of Virgil's is a friend of ours too.\" She nodded to Jeanette, who held up the cloth bag to Steph. Tentatively, the pretty blonde took it from her and looked inside. The first thing that caught Stephanie's eye was a copy of Grease and already she began to feel a little better. A small smile graced her lips as she pulled it out to look at it. \"We hope you love John Travolta,\" Jay said with a slight chuckle in her breath. The smile faded from Stephanie's face as she looked at the two girls with an expression of fake seriousness. \"Are you kidding? I love him as Danny Zuko.\" \"I know right?\" Jeanette exclaimed. \"Aside from that, we also brought most of the good treats from the marathon we were going to have with the boys,\" Jay jerked her head towards the bag. \"Mainly the desserts.\" Stephanie smiled as she glanced in the bag to confirm what Jay had said. \"Thanks.\" \"Yup,\" Jeanette chirped happily. Jay clapped her hands in finality. \"Well that's about it. I hope you feel be—\" \"Hang on,\" Stephanie held a hand up. \"You honestly don't think I'll be able to finish all these treats off by myself, do you?\" Understanding the request, Jay smiled widely at her and Jeanette clapped her hands excitedly. … The boys had decided to host their movie marathon at Virgil's place since he wasn't really up to be anywhere near Derek. When school rolled around again on Monday, Virgil couldn't stop thinking about how Stephanie was doing. What was this day going to bring for her? When it was time for lunch he was more than surprised to see Stephanie sitting at his table with his friends, talking and laughing with Jay while Zeke and Charlie talked amongst themselves. She acted like it was the most normal thing in the world. Regardless, he was glad to see she was doing better than when he last saw her. \"So, are you enjoying the view from our table?\" he asked her playfully as he took a seat next to her. She greeted him with that sweet smile that made him feel like he ran a marathon. \"It's actually a really good view.\" \"That's nice. I guess you don't mind the fact that your friends from your usual table is looking at you like you came from another planet?\" Stephanie glanced back at her old table, making the populars jolt and quickly look away in embarrassment. She met Virgil's gaze again. \"No. They know that I need some time to myself because of what happened with Derek.\" \"So you don't care about your reputation?\" Zeke asked her with a hint of cynicism in his voice. She smiled a little bitterly at him. \"My reputation is the least of my concerns at the moment.\" \"Well in that case, you're welcome to dine with us whenever you please madam,\" Virgil said playfully, bowing his upper body slightly. Giggling, Stephanie tipped her head at him. \"Thank you, kind sir.\" Jeanette hopped up to the table. \"Hi Stephanie!\" \"Hi, how are you?\" \"I'm pretty excited, I mean can you believe that the dance is THIS Friday?\" Charlie jolted, causing Zeke and Virgil to smile, and he quickly spoke up. \"Yeah, it's a shame that I'm going to be REALLY busy that day.\" \"Oh I really doubt that,\" Zeke joked around. \"I'm sure you can spare a few minutes to—\" \"No I can't,\" Charlie interrupted. \"I've been a busy, busy bee lately. You know how the life of a scientist is.\" While the two boys went back and forth, Stephanie nudged Virgil's arm. \"We should go to the dance together. It would be fun.\" The sudden request took him completely by surprise. \"Like TOGETHER together? You wouldn't mind?\" \"Why would I?\" Stephanie seemed genuinely confused by the concept. Virgil let out a disbelieving chuckle and he couldn't seem to control his ear-to-ear smile. \"Well, all right then.\" … Virgil hardly paid attention to his teacher in Public Speaking class. He kept zoning out and thinking how lucky he was to have finally had a date with Steph. Was it even a date? It was just going to be him and her so it had to be a date right? Mm. Regardless, Virgil was going to spend a night with her at a social event and that was all he could ask for. He smiled to himself for the millionth time. \"Are your cheek muscles hurting yet?\" Zeke asked him as he kept his eyes focused on his pocket knife. With a shock, Virg realized that the teacher turned them loose until the bell rang. He blinked rapidly and looked at his dark haired friend. \"What?\" \"Are your cheek muscles hurting yet?\" Zeke repeated slowly, as if he were speaking to a child. Since there was no need to get defensive about his feelings on Stephanie, Virgil smirked at the tall teen. \"Maybe as much as yours when you think of Jay.\" \"Mm. Touché,\" he grinned with a slight shake of his head, a gesture that said, 'Unbelievable.' \"Hey are you going to be going to the dance this Friday?\" Virgil suddenly asked. Zeke looked at him with an expression of disbelief. \"Are you kidding? It's a school dance, dude.\" \"Yeah and? You've got something you can ask, right?\" Zeke shrugged. \"True but I'd rather spend time with her someplace else.\" \"As long as you're spending time with her I say it doesn't matter whether you do it at a school dance or not.\" Zeke remained quiet. \"Can you just…go to the school dance with me and Steph? I'm confused right now because I don't know if it's a date or not and if you guys go, it could be some kind of group thing instead of a thing with me and her,\" Virgil said. \"What, after all this time you DON'T want to have an official date with her?\" \"No I do, it's just that she barely broke up with her boyfriend and I don't know what kind of etiquettes exists for these situations,\" Virgil said. \"I don't want to do something stupid and mess it up. So can you and Jay come along?\" Zeke made a face. \"I don't know. It is a high school dance we're talking about here Virg.\" \"But it's your guys' senior year. She hasn't been to a dance since she moved here; I think if you take her she'll be really happy. Please? If not for me, at least for her? You know she's into you just as much as you are to you, so you've got nothing to lose if you tell her.\" Zeke was grinning in a way that Virgil would consider 'shy' or 'happy that the girl he liked liked him back'. He flipped his pocket knife a few times before catching it and shaking his head with a light chuckle. He looked at Virgil. \"You know I hate it when you do that.\" \"What?\" \"Change my mind with one of your speeches.\"[Chapter 16] Before Jay went to her last class she always made a quick stop at her locker to get her textbook. This made it so she wouldn't need to lug it around everywhere. She slammed her locker door shut and jumped when she saw Zeke leaning on the locker next to hers. \"Hey stranger.\" She quickly composed herself and greeted him with the wide goofy smile she couldn't control when he was around. \"Hi stranger. To what do I owe this visit?\" \"I wanted to ask you something.\" \"IIIII might give you an answer depending on the question,\" she answered carefully so she wouldn't commit herself to something she didn't want to do later on. He chuckled in amusement. \"I'm pretty sure you'll most definitely give me an answer.\" \"Oh really wise guy? What is thy inquisition?\" \"Do you want to go to the dance with me?\" The question made Jay's energetic emotions explode like a crate full of fireworks inside of her chest, causing her already-too-big smile to widen even more. She let out a surprised laugh. \"Are you—Are you serious?\" \"I never joke around when it comes to you,\" he said with a smile of his own. The statement made her cheeks flush and she looked down briefly. \"So what do you say?\" \"Uh—Yes—Yeah! I'll be more than happy to go with you.\" \"Good,\" Zeke bobbed his head. \"Oh and just as a fair warning, we'll be going with Virgil and Steph. Is that fine?\" \"Yeah sure, I don't care,\" Jay shrugged in a carefree fashion. \"Even better—Oh I mean—Not that I don't want to—If you and I went toge—\" His laugh made her stop her stuttering and suddenly, he was hunched a little closer over her. \"You're so adorable when you're embarrassed.\" \"Did you actually just say the word ADORABLE?\" Jay asked as her cheeks burned even hotter. \"I didn't know teenage guys even had those words in their vocabulary.\" \"Well it's the perfect word I can use to describe you.\" He pushed himself off the locker and began to walk away. \"I'll text you later,\" he called over his shoulder. \"You better!\" Jay threatened playfully, walking off to her English class in the opposite direction. … [Jay] Hey Steph, it's J. Not sure if Virg has told u yet, but we're going to the dance as a group. [Stephanie] Yeah, he told me. C: I'm really happy 4 u! [Jay] U too. I was actually wondering if u could help me with something? [Stephanie] Sure [Jay] Can u help me get ready 4 the dance? I've never been to one before [Stephanie] Yeah! No problem! [Stephanie] Do u have a dress? [Jay] No…DX [Stephanie] It's ok. I'll lend u one of mine. [Jay] Thank u! [Stephanie] Come over to my house 5 on Friday so we can get ready tgether k? [Jay] All right, I'll b there … Virgil thought he felt the ground shake underneath him as he, Steph, Zeke and Jay walked across the football field to the dance. Maybe he was just really nervous. \"Oh I'm so excited!\" Stephanie clapped her hands Jeanette-style. \"And you know, I'm glad we're going together guys.\" Virgil gave her a genuine smile as he held out his elbow for her to take. \"So am I.\" The inside of the gym was colorful and alive with music and laughter. Girls on the dance floor twirled in their long, era appropriate skirts. Tables along the sidelines held various desserts and refreshments. The group of four was taking in the dance when Zeke snagged Virgil's arm and pulled him out of Stephanie's hearing range. \"Keep an eye out.\" \"What are you-?\" Zeke jerked his head towards the stage and Virgil followed his gaze, his eyes settling on Derek and three other football players. By the look on Derek's face, it was obvious he didn't approve of Stephanie hanging out with the three outcasts, much less coming to the dance with one of them. \"Obviously, he's not over his ex and it wouldn't be smart to stay and provoke a fruckus,\" Zeke said in a low tone. Virgil frowned at him. \"A what?\" \"A fruckus. It's a fight,\" the tall teen answered irritably. Virgil glanced back at Derek and the others. \"Don't worry,\" he reassured his friend. \"I'll stay on guard.\" With a final nod, Zeke went off with Jay while Steph and Virg wandered towards the refreshment tables. \"Did you tell him?\" Jay asked Zeke as they walked away from the blonde pair. \"Yeah, but if that quarterback starts something, I'm kicking his—\" \"All right!\" Jay interrupted. \"That's good to know.\" This earned her her favorite lopsided green from the tall teen. … Finally, Vice Principal Tolkan announced the crowning of the King and Queen. After an awkward Elvish impersonation, the student body clapped when the Vice Principal announced Stephanie as the Queen. To their shock, the King was none other than outcast Virgil Fox! After passing their initial shock, they clapped for the Royalty as they were crowned and they came down the stage. \"Oh congratulations you two!\" Jay said as she gave Steph a hug. \"Thank you!\" Zeke grinned at Virgil. \"Who knew right?\" \"Seriously,\" Virgil said as he let out a puff of air, tugging at the collar of his button up shirt. A slow song began to play and Virgil extended a hand out to Steph. \"Care to have a dance with me?\" Zeke and Jay shared a look and they began to retreat. \"Have fun, Majesties!\" Jay called over her shoulder. Stephanie took Virgil's hand and he led her out to the dance floor, where they swayed to the slow beat of the song. \"I can't believe we won!\" Stephanie exclaimed quietly so she wouldn't interrupt the flow of the music. \"I can believe that YOU won, especially since I went back in time to stuff the ballot,\" Virgil joked. \"The only thing I CAN'T believe is that I actually won King. Who would ever vote for me?\" Stephanie gave him a comforting smile. \"I would.\" And after a pause she said, \"This is kind of weird.\" Virgil faltered in the sway of the music. \"O-Oh—\" \"It's weird in a good way,\" Stephanie giggled. Virgil couldn't stop the smile that grew on his face. \"Honestly? I was thinking the same thing.\" Then the most miraculous thing happened. Stephanie leaned forward slowly, closing her eyes. She was so close, Virgil told himself it would be rude NOT to close the space in between them. So he did.[Chapter 17] For the millionth time, Jay flattened out the dress Stephanie let her borrow with a sweep of her hands. Then she scanned the gym slowly. \"School dances are so weird.\" \"Do you want to leave?\" Zeke asked. She met his gaze with a coy grin. \"You'd do that for me?\" \"I'd do anything for you without a moment's hesitation.\" She giggled, bringing a hand up to check and see if her cheek was actually as hot as it felt. Waving the same hand dismissively, she said, \"Its fine. I meant to say that it's weird in a good way.\" Zeke frowned slightly but smiled. \"How so?\" \"Well,\" Jay looked out to Steph and Virg and smiled. \"It's nice coming along with friends. I don't know why I never did this before. It's so relieving, in a way.\" \"I understand,\" Zeke said. \"It's relieving in the way that you finally have friends that make you feel like your life is worth living.\" \"Yeah…\" Jay said slowly as she studied Zeke's steel blue eyes. \"That's exactly it.\" She was experiencing something she never thought she'd experience in a lifetime. By the way both of them were getting closer to each other's faces, it seemed that she was going to get her first kiss. The fact that it was with a boy she liked made her feel like her heart was made of cotton candy fluff. Everything around her was just fluff at this point. Her eyes randomly settled on his black leather jacket and she smiled. \"You know, I feel like we kind of match now.\" She held out her arms to study the sleeves of the leather jacket Stephanie let her borrow. \"We're like that annoying couple that dresses alike.\" \"Oh God no,\" Zeke said, pulling away slightly. \"If we ever became like that, I think I'd shoot myself.\" Jay brought a hand underneath her chin. \"Oh so, guys DON'T like it when they have to wear the same outfit as their girls?\" \"Sorry, but you're the one that looks good in the dress not me.\" \"Oh I'm not so sure,\" Jay lifted his arms up from his body and scanned him up and down. \"I'm pretty sure you'd look pretty cute either way.\" \"Thanks for the vote of confidence.\" Jay laughed and looked out to the slow swaying couples. She wasn't much of a dancer, but she really wanted to do something. \"Do you want to go outside?\" Zeke flashed her a grin. \"I thought you'd never ask.\" … It wasn't cold outside, but Jay wouldn't have been able to tell either way because of the jacket Stephanie lent her. She felt like a regular teenage girl as she walked around in dress and low rise high heels. She felt beautiful and confident and it was more than she could have dreamed to ask on a night such as this one. She and Zeke strolled around the football field once and decided to go back inside when she realized that she was craving something sweet. As they climbed the stairs to get into the gym, Jay punched the tall teen playfully in the shoulder. \"Hey, I just realized that I'm as tall as your shoulders. Whoa!\" She flailed her arms around as she stumbled around in her shoes. \"Whoa, hey now!\" Zeke caught her before she tripped. \"That's the second time you've saved me the embarrassment of falling on my rump,\" she said as she steadied herself with his help. \"You ARE a klutz,\" Zeke opened the door for her. She pretend scoffed. \"No I am not. I am highly offended.\" She raised her chin and stomped past him in an exaggerated fashion. She wasn't watching where she was going so she wobbled when she accidentally stepped on the doorframe on the floor. Zeke grabbed her arm and kept her from falling over. His blue eyes were shining humorously when she looked up into them. \"See? Klutz.\" \"Fine, I admit it,\" she let out a heavy sigh. \"But its only 'cause I'm wearing heels.\" He looked down at her legs which made her feel a rush of adrenaline. \"They aren't even that high.\" \"Do YOU want to walk in them?\" Zeke hissed mockingly. \"I don't think they're my size.\" Snickering, Jay led him in the gym towards the refreshment tables. As he was grabbing two drinks, she tried to tippy toe up to his ear. \"Hey I'll be right back. I need to use the restroom.\" He didn't say anything, but he nodded to let her know he heard. Halfway across the gym floor, Jay froze in her tracks when she saw Derek and another football player drag Virgil out of the gym followed by a pleading Stephanie. \"Oh no.\" Jay turned and ran back to the dark haired teen. \"Zeke!\" She caught up to him and yanked on his arm to make him face her. When he saw her expression he frowned worriedly. \"Are you okay?\" … \"Derek stop!\" Stephanie screamed above the cheering spectators. Another blow made Virgil's head jerk to the side. This one, like the rest, stung painfully and slowly turned his face numb. But he didn't care. All he cared about what Stephanie's safety. Blindly, he stumbled in the direction of her screaming only to be violently shoved against the lockers again. \"Get her out of here Derek!\" Virg shouted. He didn't want her to see this and he sure as hell didn't want the others to see her reaction to watching it. The quarterback ignored him and punched him in the stomach, making him double over. \"DEREK!\" Stephanie screamed, her voice slightly laced with anger. She tried to push past Derek's football jocks, but they kept her at bay as she watched two childhood friends go off in a high school fight. \"I wasn't expecting you to stoop so low, dork,\" Derek hissed. \"We were friends! How could you steal my girl?\" Virgil wasn't used to being beaten and damn, it was agonizing. He was silently begging for someone in the crowd to step in to save him, but no one did even as the next punch came. The blonde was on his knees, clutching his stomach with one hand. It hurt, but it wasn't going to stop. And that's when Virgil saw Zeke's sneakers step in between him and Derek. He stopped Derek's oncoming blow and countered it with one of his own. The raw power of it sent the quarterback staggering back. \"Back the hell off,\" Zeke growled his threat, towering over Derek. On the sidelines, Jay stomped down on one of the football player's foot with her heel, making him howl out a curse and hop around on one foot as he tried to rub his other. That left only one football player for the girls to deal with, which kind of made Virgil feel bad for the guy because he thought that facing off two angry females on your own must have sucked big time. The third jock tried to sneak up behind Zeke. \"Watch out,\" Virgil warned him weakly. The tall teen turned, bringing out his elbow and hitting the guy in the face. Those few seconds were all that Derek needed to try to tackle Zeke from behind and he stumbled into the lockers, luckily giving Virg a few seconds to roll out of the way. The blonde made the effort to get to his feet and tackle the second guy, but the effect was exactly like Derek and Zeke's; the guy stumbled back instead of actually falling over. \"FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!\" the crowd chanted. Zeke managed to turn the tables of surprise. He grabbed Derek's collar and was just about to punch him in the face when Charlie and Jeanette pushed through the crowd. \"Zeke!\" Charlie exclaimed when he saw what he was doing. \"Charlie? What are you doing here?\" he questioned the short genius while keeping a strong grip on Derek's shirt. An authorative voice interrupted Charlie's reply. \"STOP!\" The cheering crowd became quiet as a black man in a suit stepped towards the circle of action, holding up a badge. \"FBI.\" Another man broke into the circle. \"CIA.\" A third one came too, flashing an unimpressive business card. \"Federal Unit of Weights and Meausre.\" There was an awkward silence as people tried to figure out what that was. \"In the future, I suggest that you go first,\" Virgil said, straightening his suit out and dusting his shoulders off. \"What is the meaning of this?\" Vice Principal Tolkan asked as soon as he broke into the circle. The FBI agent turned to him. \"Your students—\" \"Created a black hole,\" Charlie interrupted, turning to his friends. \"Guys, we've created a black hole.\" Zeke frowned. \"What? That's not—\" A clap of thunder called everyone's attention and they rushed out only to see a blackish hole forming in the ground. \"Oh no,\" Jay muttered as the guilt came back and form a tight knot in her stomach. \"Back up!\" Charlie yelled. \"Everybody get back!\" the FBI agent told the students, holding up his hands to signal them away from the hole.[Chapter 18] Down in the basement, Charlie and the gang filled the adults in on how the machine worked as Stephanie stood a little further back, trying to comprehend what was happening. To everyone's disbelief, Charlie even managed to debrief the team on how to destroy the black hole. \"If we jump in and reverse the polarity with the remote pack, we might have a shot.\" \"Wait, remote pack?\" Zeke asked. \"This one,\" Charlie handed him a black backpack. Zeke opened it and found their old, failure of a portable time machine inside. \"I modified it so it should be able to work on the other side.\" \"Hold on,\" Vice Principal Tolkan spoke up. \"You can't seriously be thinking about sending these students in there.\" \"They're the only ones that know how the equipment works and the only team that has experience jumping through the vortex. We don't have time to send anybody else,\" the FBI man said. The Vice Principal let that information sink in and he placed a hand on Virgil's shoulder. \"Godspeed,\" he said before making a break for the door. Briefly giving the Vice Principal a confused look, Virgil raised a hand. \"I'll go alone.\" \"Are you kidding?\" Charlie said. \"If anyone should go alone it should be me, I invented the thing!\" \"And I helped you.\" \"You'll both go,\" the FBI agent said as Charlie opened his mouth to respond. \"I'll need to go too sir.\" Zeke held up a familiar tool. \"They'll need my grappling hook.\" … The halls were lined with cheering students when the Minute Gang came back up. At first they were hesitant, but they soon found themselves smiling proudly, waving hello at the cheering spectators and their cameras. All six friends walked until they reached the crime scene tape that sectioned off the black hole and they faced each other sadly, unsure of what the future would bring. Jeanette was the first to start the goodbyes. She hopped up to Charlie. \"Come back safely, okay redbird?\" And to his surprise, she leaned forward and kissed him. She pulled away, leaving the 14-year-old genius pretty stupefied. Jay came next and she was already teared up. \"Oh this is my fault. I should be doing this instead of you guys.\" \"Hey,\" Virgil said firmly, placing a hand on her shoulder. \"Everyone makes mistakes. And besides, we're all in this together. It doesn't matter who made the mess, we're all helping to clean it up in the end.\" Sniffing, Jay wiped away the tears and gave him a weary smile. \"Thanks Virgil.\" She gave him a hug, then Charlie, and when she moved on to Zeke, her eyes teared up all over again. She gave him the longest hug and when she pulled away, she stared at him directly in his entrancing eyes. \"If this doesn't work, I want you to know that…I really liked you.\" Zeke's mouth twitched up into a grin. \"Me too.\" \"Be safe stranger,\" she said softly. Zeke gave her a smile that Virgil never saw on him before. It was soft and gentle, but at the same time a little sad. He was expecting a kiss of some sort, either on the lips or on the cheek, but that didn't happen. She backed away after waving a quick goodbye to Zeke and she went over to Jeanette, who gave her a comforting hug. Zeke picked Charlie up. \"We'll see you at the edge Virg,\" he said as he carried the short teen past the crime scene tape. He knew that Stephanie was the last one to say goodbye and he felt grateful that Zeke decided to give them the time they needed to say what they needed to say. Steph stared at Virgil as a tear rolled down her cheek. \"So…you were the one who saved me from falling off the pyramid?\" she asked. He nodded. \"Yeah. In the future you broke it and…I didn't want that to happen.\" Stephanie smiled and stepped forward to give him a hug. \"Thank you.\" She gave him a gentle squeeze and a kiss on the cheek before pulling away. \"Come back safe.\" \"I promise,\" Virgil smiled. He met up with Zeke and Charlie at the edge, pulling his goggles over his eyes. \"Minutemen! Minutemen! Minutemen!\" everyone cheered. \"Hey Virgil, at least you got these few seconds of fame before we go in there to mess it up,\" Zeke said. \"Yeah thanks,\" Virgil replied sarcastically. \"Let's cross our fingers and hope we don't get ripped to shreds,\" Charlie said. \"What?!\" Virgil exclaimed. But it was too late. … The girls couldn't just stand around and wait. They went down to the basement and went through when Jay and Jeanette explained that they were a part of the Minute Gang as well. Inside, the head FBI agent was at the keyboard with a thin scientist. \"How are they?\" Jay asked him. \"Do you know?\" Jeanette added. The scientist was typing away at the keyboard; he didn't even spare a glance at them. \"We just got their reserve signal, they should be fine.\" \"What are you doing now?\" Jay asked, trying hard to understand what the random letters and numbers on the computer meant. \"Hopefully, he's making it so that the signals can be compatible,\" the FBI agent answered. \"Once I can get the signals to merge, I'll be able to convert it into a warped hole that will be able to bring them back when they jump through it,\" the scientist said. This news brought on a wave of hope that made the girls let out relieved sighs, excited claps, and happy tears. Everything was going to be okay. A fat scientist pushed through the agents at the main door and came around to where the computer was at. \"Ed you wouldn't believe what the vending machines here have!\" he said, one arm full of junk food while he held a Coca Cola with his free hand. The thin scientist stopped typing and he waved his hands at the fat one. \"No, no, there's a—!\" The fat one tripped on a wire and crashed into the computer, spilling his coke on the hard drive and creating a few sparks. \"Ooops,\" he muttered as he straightened himself out. \"What did you do?!\" the thin scientist immediately went to work as the computer screen began to glitch. The girls' stomachs whirled frantically and their breath got caught in their throats. \"Wh-What's going on?\" Jay asked. \"Thanks to SOMEBODY over here,\" the man threw a cold glare at the fat scientist, who tried to keep busy with the junk in his arms. \"It appears that…the signal has gone overdrive.\" \"What does that mean?\" the FBI agent asked. \"I was able to stop the black hole,\" the man sat back in his seat and folded his arms, bringing one hand underneath his chin, \"and I was able to start the hole for them to come back. But it's sped up. They have two minutes to catch it before it completely closes.\"[Chapter 19] Dejected, Charlie and Zeke were walking back to the park. Virgil was at the football field of Summerton High School on the very first day of his freshman year, the day of The Incident. He had gone to try to prevent it from happening while his two friends went after him to try to convince him otherwise. But they couldn't force him to see the situation otherwise, so they left the choice up to him and decided to head back to the park where the remote pack was sending the reverse signal. Each boy was lost in their own world when Charlie's portable device beeped. \"What is it?\" Zeke asked when he saw Charlie's shocked expression. \"The signal, its gone overdrive!\" Charlie said as if that would serve as an explanation. \"Meaning?\" \"We have two minutes to get to the park or we'll be stuck here for good!\" The weight of what he was saying sunk in after a few seconds. The two boys sprang into action, sprinting towards the park, but Charlie knew they weren't going to make it. His lungs felt like they were on fire and he stopped to catch his breath. \"Come on Charlie,\" Zeke urged. \"We're almost there.\" \"No we're not!\" Charlie yelled the horrible truth. \"We aren't going to make it.\" Zeke stared at him in shock not at the fact that Charlie actually yelled at him, but that they were going to spend the rest of their lives three years in the past. What were they going to do? How were they going to live? Just when all hope seemed lost, a familiar red rocket cart parked right in front of them and the two boys saw Virgil smirking at them from behind the wheel. … They were spit out of the time hole with a single rubber tire. Charlie sat up, expecting to see his ENTIRE rocket cart invention, but he was shocked to see the one wheel. \"Aagh! That's it, no more time travelling!\" Zeke snapped. Virgil sighed and let himself drop against the grass of the football field, relieved that the pressure was finally gone. Zeke looked around. There was a gym class running around the track, a few students playing volleyball at one end of the field, and a group of students running up and down the bleachers. \"Where are we?\" \"Or more accurately WHEN are we?\" Charlie corrected him, earning him a glare. Of course, that's what Zeke meant but it came out the wrong way. A sharp whistle blow made the three boys jolt. \"What are you three doing?\" the PE teacher demanded. \"I will NOT tolerate students SLACKING OFF in my class!\" \"We aren't in your class,\" Zeke told him. \"Then get off my field,\" the teacher blew his whistle. \"Go, go, go!\" The three boys hurried off the field, leaving the hot tempered coach to himself. To try to get a sense of WHEN they were, they headed to the library. Virgil grew excited when he saw Stephanie, but it wasn't until he saw Derek there with two of his football jocks that he felt a twinge of deja-vu. Charlie looked to the rack near the entrance that held all of the school newspapers and he picked one up. \"We're on the day we time travelled for the first time!\" he exclaimed. He smiled widely and threw his hands up. \"We made-!\" Zeke slapped his hand over his mouth. \"We're in a LIBRARY Charlie.\" \"Right,\" the short genius said once Zeke took his hand off. Derek was walking by to leave and he greeted Virgil with a jerk of his head. \"Hey Virg. Why are these two dorks dressed up like you?\" \"What was-?\" Charlie stopped Zeke from stepping towards the football quarterback and pummeling him into the ground. Virgil gave his two friends a confident glance before turning to look at his ex-best friend. \"Don't insult my friends Derek because they may be dorky, but they aren't two-timing, double-crossing, backstabbing, traitors like you.\" Charlie gasped and Zeke merely stared at Virgil. Derek was appalled, but he quickly regained his composure. \"You know, this is what made you a loser in the first place Virgil. You stick up for all the geeks like you're some sort of a hero or something.\" \"Compared to what you do, I'd say that isn't so bad,\" Virgil retorted. \"Oh and before I forget, have fun with Jocelyn Lee.\" Derek scoffed but the surprise was visible on his face. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"Well you two are so good with lipstick, I figured you make a perfect match.\" Derek glanced back at his girlfriend and saw that she was picking up her study materials. Now was not a good time to have this conversation. \"This isn't over,\" he told Virgil in a quiet, menacing tone before walking out of the library with his two goons. \"Virgil!\" Charlie exclaimed quietly. \"What was that?!\" \"Seriously man,\" Zeke added with an approving grin. Virgil shrugged. \"Reliving The Incident made me see things differently.\" He saw Stephanie walking towards them. \"Look, I'll talk to you guys later okay?\" While he left to talk to his crush, Jeanette came into view with a book in her arms. \"Oh! What's new cockatoo?\" \"Nothing much pumpkin.\" To everyone's extreme shock, he hugged her and kissed her right in the mouth! Zeke quickly pulled him away. \"Charlie you've never kissed her,\" he whispered to the short teen. \"The scene in the hall hasn't happened yet.\" Charlie's eyes widened and he looked at the stupefied Jeanette. Slowly, she turned to leave the library. \"Um…\" \"Aw, J-Jeanette! I'm so sorry, Jeane-!\" Charlie tried to go after her, but Zeke placed a hand on his shoulder and gave him a knowing smile. \"Hey, it's going to be okay.\" \"Oh, hi Jeanette.\" The next person to walk into the library was none other than Jade Quelin. Zeke's chest-piece (Ugh…HEART) pumped faster and his breathing caught in his throat, yet he felt a pang of sadness when she didn't even look at him. She was treating him like a stranger which, at that point, he was. She walked right past Charlie and Zeke and headed up to the front desk to return a book. As the tall teen turned to go talk to her, he tried to decide what to say so she wouldn't freak out because he noticed that she was wearing a hoodie. She was in her \"Sweater Days.\" \"Hey Jay,\" he greeted her. She met his gaze with a shocked expression. \"You know my name?\" \"Yeah.\" Her expression shifted into a suspicious one. \"…What's your name?\" The tall teen grinned softly at her. \"It's Zeke.\" He felt strange introducing himself to her, but what was he going to do? \"Hey do you have anything to do for lunch?\" She shook her head and looked away from his eyes. \"Not really.\" \"You know Virgil right?\" Zeke remembered that the two knew each other from a class they took their previous year. She nodded. \"If you want, you could come sit with me, him and Charlie during lunch,\" he gestured to himself and the short teen that was off looking at something. She looked at Charlie with a slight frown and met Zeke's gaze briefly before shrugging her shoulder. \"I'll think about it.\" With that, she walked past him and further into the library. Zeke stared after her and let his shoulders slump. Hopefully, she'd open up within a few weeks. Charlie came up to the tall teen with an overly excited expression that made him a little uncomfortable. He held a book up. \"Zeke, I found the next experiment. One word…\" Zeke held up a finger. \"No. Don't do it Charlie.\" \"Teleportation!\" -XY- So that's it, it's finished! My greatest creation evarh! :] So just as a heads up, there will be a sequel. I'm working on it right now. (I wasn't planning on this, but meh. The characters grew on me.)[Chapter 20] The only two people in the AV Club room were Charlie and Jeannette, who was working on her chemistry homework. While he typed away at the computer, she would ask him a few questions about her assignment. He didn't mind helping her after all, it was for science. She worked quietly through her textbook problems while he tried to figure out if his new formula would work. Yes, it did make him sad that his two best friends weren't onboard with his teleportation idea...but Charlie HAD to work to discover it. It would be a major breakthrough for the scientific world, making the 21st century a lot like what movies predicted it would be. With teleportation, hover cars, holograms... Charlie thought about Back to the Future 2 and he chuckled to himself. HE would be the one to jumpstart THAT future. He and his friends did believe that the future would be like that, but unlike Virgil and Zeke, Charlie believed it would happen in THEIR lifetime. And it would start with him. His computer beeped and colorful lights flashed repetitively. He...He... \"I did it,\" he whispered in awe. Jeannette looked up. \"Did you say something, humming bird?\" \"I discovered teleportation!\" he backed away from the computer and grabbed two fistfuls of his hair. \"I did it!\" Jeannette jumped up and clapped, squealing in excitement. She hugged a stunned Charlie and hopped around like an energetic child. \"What do we do now?\" she asked once she calmed down. \"Now...we get a room.\" \"To do what?\" \"To start building.\" -XYZ- So I'm finally working on the sequel, as I said I would. It's been a while; I've been awfully busy but here we go! Go check it out and leave me comments if you'd like. ;) Ha, I wanted to make a \"dirty joke\" sequence here what with Charlie saying they needed to get a room, but they're both too innocent and dense to be able to follow through with it. ","Summary":" Well, the first mission was a complete FAIL. After Virgil Fox and his friends finished building the"},{"Movie":"27 Dresses","Title":"27 Dresses (Push My Buttons)","Author":"sonofnight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11246726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Reminiscing This is my first fan-fiction story called \"Push My Buttons\", and is a fan-fiction of the movie 27 Dresses. I haven't seen the movie in some time, so any constructive criticism is appreciated, and welcome. Thanks. Jane looked through her newspaper clippings. She could hardly believe she was married to the \"wedding conspiracy\" guy, who most of her bridesmaids teased her about. Malcolm Doyle was his pen name. His real name was Kevin. (Don't quote me on that just yet. Lol) He was a cynic, who had taught her at the worst possible time how to say no. It was very challenging and fun for him. Her sister Tess had almost gotten married to her boss, who she had a crush on, but never pursued. George liked Jane because she always said yes, but Kevin liked Jane because she needed to say no to some things and be fine with it. She said yes to Kevin, no to George, called Tess out for being a liar at the engagement party, not to mention having all 27 of her bridesmaid dresses put in the newspaper, her wearing them, snapshots taken by Kevin, he called Tess \"Bridezilla\", which wasn't too far off, sang \"Benny and the Jets\" hammered, and at the end of this pile of garbage God saw fit to spread His favor on her wedding day. God blesses no mess. As Kevin put it, Satan threw a wild destructive party, God cleaned it up, and blessed a marriage in the process. Jane liked that. She had almost fallen asleep, when Kevin walked in, slamming the door behind him. She rolled her eyes and stood up. The expression on his face was not what she was expecting to see.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Kevin's Dilemma So far there have been no reviews or reads, but I'm encouraged that this will change soon. \" And…here…we…go!\" (Joker Voice) \"Did you have a rough day at work?\" Jane asked, as they gave each other a kiss. \"More like déjà vu,\" he said, laughing. \"Guess who's getting married, and wants me to write for her wedding?\" Jane relaxed on the couch, and kicked her feet up. \"Tess?\" She had to throw it out there, even though she'd heard nothing about it. Kevin laughed harder. \"That'd be harder for you.\" he joked, and then pulled an invisible zipper across his lips, when he saw the expression on her face. \"That's right,\" Jane laughed. \" Zip it. Who else would you have a problem with getting married, besides me to George-hope that grossed you out-other than-\" She stopped, and noticed the distant puppy dog look on his face. \"Go on. Say it. I should just say no,\" he said, slumping down next to her on the couch. \"Do you have a problem with it?\" My ex is getting married again , and I have to cover it. Why God? \" He let out an exasperated sigh. \"She doesn't still like you, does she?\" Kevin gave her the come on look. \"Do you like-\" She mimicked his invisible zipper across the mouth gesture, when she saw the confused look on his face. \"You do know that I married you , right?\" Kevin asked, looking straight at her. \"Yes, I know.\" Jane rolled her eyes, and gave him a kiss for reassurance. \"I'm the miserable, yet can't control his love for the woman of his dreams, groom standing up in front of an audience, to say yes, said yes, and still you doubt my love for thee?\" Jane pretended to faint. \"Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo? Let's drink this poison, so I can pretend you didn't just say that.\" Kevin shook his head, and laughed. \"You already look pretty dead.\" \"That's for dramatic effect. I was overcome with overflowing passion.\" Jane started to laugh. Kevin smiled. \"I love you .\" Kevin said, throwing his hands in the air. \"Go for it, only if you want to.\" \"Will you claw her eyes out, in a vicious catfight if she tries to upstage me?\" Jane hugged Kevin, but he hugged her tighter. \"I love you .\" she said, finding it amusing that she had literally married her best friend.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Elaine I'm glad to see that two people have followed. \"Strap yourselves in; you're in for one heck of a ride!\" (Frieza V.) If you feel comfortable reviewing I would appreciate it. There's always room for improvement. Kevin walked into the coffee shop the next day, and saw her. She was still a brunette, and when she saw him, she lit up. She ran to him, and hugged him like they were bffs who had lost touch with each other. His confused look amused the cashier at the front counter, and the guy who had brought the coffee to the table, stifled his laughter. \"Kevvy!\" she squealed, hugging him tighter. \"Lainey!\" His was more; let's stop hugging, than excitement. She finally let go. Kevin tried to regain his composure. She didn't know he was married, and he knew he had to tell her. Jane wanted him not to go overboard, but Kevin never went overboard, if you asked him. That's why it's better to ask God. \"How have you been Kevin?\" \"I got married to my wife Jane some months ago.\" She lit up even more. \"Really? Show me her picture! Oh, Kevvy, we can double date! Yaay!\" Kevin took a quick sip of his coffee, and thought, No, we can't! He showed her a picture of Jane. Elaine oohed and awed. He smiled politely on the outside, but on the inside his stomach was churning. \"So, who's the lucky guy?\" Kevin asked, taking another sip of coffee. \"Mark Weinstein. You remember him from across the hall in college, right?\" Kevin almost spit out his coffee. Him? Mark Weinstein was notorious for being a womanizer. He felt sorry for her now. He didn't notice Mark walk up behind him. His put his hand on Kevin's shoulder. \"What's up man?\" He grinned. Kevin looked up at him. He was focused on Elaine. Maybe they would make it after all. Maybe he should warn Elaine. Maybe he should tell Mark off. Was Mark the same? Kevin didn't notice that the devil was starting a whole new mess at that moment.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Forked Tongue Thanks for reading and supporting this story. Please leave a review. There's always room for improvement. \"Let's GO!\" (Goku v.) When Kevin got in, Jane was up and cleaning. He smiled. She always cleaned when she was trying to figure something out. He slumped down on the couch in usual fashion. \"How did it go?\" Jane asked, setting down the rag, and taking off her gloves. \"Like a steamroller voluntarily rolled over me,\" Kevin shook his head. \"Guess who she's marrying?\" \"It's not you .\" Jane said, in a sing song tone that made Kevin laugh. \"No, it didn't hurt enough the first time ,\" Kevin laughed again. \"Mark Weinstein.\" \"You don't respect him.\" \"How can you tell?\" \"It's the way you said his name. Mark Weinstein. He puts a bad taste in your mouth. Why?\" \"Jane, he's a womanizer.\" \"And you're a hopeless romantic cynic.\" \"You're repressed.\" \"No, I was repressed. That doesn't mean he's a bad guy.\" \"Woman-Izer. It's like having a woman and icing her, giving her the cold shoulder, or having your eyes on her, the one who's not your woman!\" \"How do you know he still is ?\" \"You were hopeless.\" \"God is hopeful. Kevin, this is none of your business.\" Kevin threw his hands up. \"What if you knew Tess was lying to George about who she was? Wait, that already happened!\" \"Kevin, I was wrong.\" \"Wrong? She was lying.\" \"Even still, it was a mistake. I wanted Tess to crash and burn, so I put it on display.\" \"That's just it,\" Kevin pointed out, as Jane laughed. \"They're better for it. Mark needs to tell Elaine the truth.\" \"Or you'll do it for him ?\" Jane raised an eyebrow. Kevin gave her his most mischievous grin. He was going to find out if Mark was still a womanizer or not. Man to man. Jane shook her head, and remembered something she'd learned a long time ago. The tongue was a wicked little thing. Maybe Mark was still a womanizer, maybe Kevin was right. Satan was keeping the mess going.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Ask and You Shall Receive Thanks for reading, and some feedback is encouraged. It's too quiet! lol Anyway, thanks for reading. Kevin, and Mark sat in the lounge. Kevin had a few drinks, but surprisingly Mark refused to have any. Was he hiding something? \"No drinks, eh?\" Kevin teased. \"Nope. I gave my life to Christ.\" Mark smiled boldly. \"Really? What's the big deal? You kind of look like Thor.\" Kevin was reaching his limit. Mark laughed. \"I don't need the stuff anymore man. All it does is mess with your head. When I got drunk, I didn't appreciate who I was. I wanted to be you.\" Mark said, giving Kevin a serious look. \"Me? Why me?\" Mark shrugged. \"You were always focused in college. I was throwing parties, drinking, and wasting my life. My dad abused my mom, until she divorced him. I've always tried to escape from that. After drinking myself into rehab, and going from woman to woman I asked myself, where is this really going? The answer God gave me was nowhere . God brought me to a good church family, where I ran into Elaine again. She has an encouraging spirit in her, and helped me get back on my feet. I have a job, I'm marrying an amazing woman of God, and I have God. What more could I want?\" Mark laughed at the bewildered look on Kevin's face. \"I thought you hadn't changed.\" Kevin said, nodding. \"God did it,\" Mark smiled again. \"You thought I was still a womanizer?\" Kevin buried his face in his hands and laughed. Mark gave him a reassuring pat on the back. Jane wasn't going to let him hear the end of this. Sometimes you have to make mistakes to see what a mistake looks like.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Standing Firm Thanks for reading. Reviews, opinions, and thoughts are appreciated. Don't be shy. Lol Jane laughed, as they sat down to dinner. She could tell by the look on her husband's plastered face that she had been right. He avoided her gaze. Then, all he could do was burst out laughing. \"What's so funny? Did she propose again?\" Jane pretended to be shocked. \"Stick a knife in me, I'm done.\" Kevin smiled sheepishly. \"I have a fork,\" Jane offered, poking at him with it. \"It might hurt less.\" \"Less than admitting your wife was right?\" Kevin asked, having a moment of clarity. \"The truth hurts hubby. So, what happened? Did he put a hit out on you? I can't afford to pay him this month. You might just be done, now that I think about it.\" Jane folded her arms. This was going to be good. \"He's a Christian,\" Kevin looked like he'd been hit by a bus. His face said it all, he felt horrible. \"That's even worse .\" \"Jane-\" \"No, he'll judge her, condemn her-\" \"Thanks for cheering me up, but we both know I'm wrong.\" Kevin said, laughing as he gulped down some water. \"This is hard on you, huh?\" Jane asked, noticing the weariness in his eyes. \"Yeah, it's like waiting for your friend to win even though you're playing on opposite teams.\" \"God broke the mold when he made you Kevin Doyle,\" Jane pointed to his sandwich. \"Eat.\" Kevin took a bite out of his sandwich. \"Thanks,\" Kevin said, as he tried to feel better. \"Do you have any suggestions?\" \"On?\" \"I need to apologize to him, Jane.\" \"Say sorry. Mean it.\" \" Really?\" \"It's as simple as saying no.\" Kevin laughed. Jane threw her fork at him. He caught it. \"Nice reflexes, for a drunk guy.\" \"It's called Spidey sense.\" \"So many things are starting to make sense, Peter Parker.\" \"As much sense as a womanizer becoming a Christian? Church must be a battlefield.\" \"We're going.\" Jane sat, satisfied, that her last remark wiped that sheepish grin off of his face.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: A New Experience Thanks for reading. Feedback is always encouraged. Let me know what you think so far. Change is good. ( Moltar v.) Kevin and Jane walked into the church. People smiled and were friendly. Some hugged too hard, but all in all, they meant well. Jane was surveying the place for Elaine. Once they started talking, it was almost like he wasn't even in the church. \"You have to be my bridesmaid Jane!\" Elaine squealed, clasping Jane's hands. \"Um…\" Jane tried to find a polite way out. She nudged Kevin. \"Say no. \" He shrugged at Elaine. \"I can't.\" Jane said, with a big smile. \"Why not?\" Elaine let go and crossed her arms. \"You're my husband's ex-wife, and that'd be pretty awkward. He married you, you divorced him, I married him, it's like Pirates of the Caribbean without all the backstabbing.\" Jane said, comfortably. Kevin gave her a thumbs up. \"Oh,\" She looked at Kevin. \"You're still not over that?\" \" No. \" Kevin said, sarcastically. \"That's why I married her. \" Jane nudged Kevin. \"Be nice.\" \"Why didn't you just say no? I don't want to put you through anything uncomfortable.\" Elaine said, with a confused look on her face. \"I wanted to face my demons head on, for once.\" Kevin said, with a hopeful smile. \"You're in the right place for that.\" Elaine said, facing the front, by turning in her seat. Mark walked up to the front and stood behind the pulpit. He was a pastor too![Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Shadow of Death Thanks for reading, and though feedback isn't given as of yet, I still appreciate the support. \"Good morning,\" Mark started off. He waited until they said it back before he continued. \"Shadows are always lurking around every corner. They seem scary because they possess the element of the unknown. What is that? Is it dangerous? Will it hurt me? Shadows are just that, shadows. We have a caretaker, a protector, a provider, who leads us through the valley of the shadow of death. There's death lurking, but who is with us? God is with us. If God is with us, can losing our homes defeat us? No.\" Some people began to murmur amongst themselves about how they couldn't imagine losing their homes. \"If you love anything, more than the God who gave it to you, it's idolatry,\" That stopped the murmuring quickly. \"If God is with us, can us not getting our way defeat us? No. God has a plan for our lives, which doesn't always include us getting our own way. If you want to hear God laugh, tell Him what you have planned. He has something different planned, which is not for us going through life being beaten by having temper tantrums, because we can't have what we want. I don't have to fear the shadows, or the unknown, because God knows what the future holds for all of us. The Lord is my shepherd, because He doesn't give me what I want, He gives me what I need.' The room exploded with people shouting, and giving thanks to God. Jane laid her head on Kevin's shoulder and smiled. \"I like this church.\" \"Me too.\" Kevin gave Mark a thumbs up, but Mark didn't see it. His eyes were on Jane…[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Try God and See Thanks for reading and for the one feedback. I'm not sure what was meant about this format being wrong, but all I can do is ask. lol Jane noticed, and thought how weird it seemed. She looked for Kevin, who was right behind her, giving her a strange look. \"What?\" Jane asked, returning his strange look. \"Do you know him?\" \"Hubby, I promise you, we won't elope in Vegas.\" Jane patted his head. \"Why was he staring at you ?\" \"Are you jealous?\" Jane opened her mouth in surprise. \"You saw it too, and it creeped you out!\" He knew her had her. \"Fine,\" Jane said, folding her arms. \"Go ask him.\" \"You ask him.\" \"You brought it up.\" \"It creeped you out.\" \"It made you jealous.\" Kevin smiled and cocked his head to the side, as if he was trying to figure something out. \"What?\" That made Jane uneasy. Kevin shrugged, got up, and headed for Mark. Mark's grin widened when he saw Kevin approaching. \"Why were you staring at my wife?\" Jane slouched down in her seat. The whole room grew silent. \"Kevin, this isn't the-\" \"Answer the question!\" \"I met her before, through her sister Tess.\" Kevin's face grew red with embarrassment. He started to say sorry, when Elaine stormed up, and gave Mark a right hand to the face. Kevin looked back and forth between them, confused. \"He hasn't changed,\" Elaine spat out. \"You don't know Jane or Tess! You say you know every girl I catch you staring at!\" Jane pulled Kevin away, while the church emptied out. \"Hey, are you still getting married?!\" Kevin hollered back, once he and Jane were outside. Jane glared at him. He shrugged. \"You're not helping Kevin. Let's go.\" \"It's my job, Jane. \" \"NO!\" came Elaine's sharp reply, and another slap. \"Hopefully they work it out…\" \"Remember God gives you what you need. Those slaps were wake-up calls.\" Kevin said, cringing as he heard another slap, and sobbing.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Kids, Anyone? Thanks for reading, and feedback is always encouraged. Fire burns brightest in the darkness. Jane lay in bed that night, wide awake. Kevin could sleep through anything. Movies, mid-conversation, and yet sex was the one thing he never turned down, or beer. She started thinking about God, and how she'd been so busy, she hadn't spent any time with Him at all. She got out of bed quietly, as to not disturb Kevin from his restful bliss. She went into the living room, and got down on her knees. For the first time in months, she prayed. She prayed for help in her marriage, for Tess and George, her friends, Elaine and Mark, and to not have these conversations so few and far in between. As Kevin often reminded her, God was always trying to get their attention, their attention was like the New York night life, everywhere else. She climbed back into bed, quietly. Kevin stirred quietly. \"My turn,\" he said, grinning and kissing her on the forehead. \"Next time we pray together.\" Jane nodded, and smiled as he went into the living room. He'd make a great dad…[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: A Lot of Traffic Thanks for reading and thanks for the support. Feedback is always appreciated too! This is hopefully the first of many stories. Stay tuned! \"A dad?\" Kevin almost spit out his Frosted Flakes. \"You can't just be a dad all by yourself….\" Jane said, taking her bowl to the sink. \"So then, you'd be the mom. You'll really have to practice no . A lot.\" \"And yes too. Can Daddy buy me a dress? Yes. Can Daddy take me to soccer practice?\" \"Don't do it!\" Kevin warned, with a finger. \"Yes.\" Jane put her bowl in the dish rack and smiled triumphantly. \"Are you expecting some kids?\" Kevin asked, raising an eyebrow. \"I was talking to God, and He showed me that you'd make a great dad.\" \" Me? Of all the things to tell her… We had a deal!\" Kevin said, looking up in frustration. \"A deal? You sure you didn't sell your soul?\" Kevin sighed, and laughed. \"I'm not ready yet. God knows I'm not ready yet.\" Kevin kissed her, and hurried out the door. Jane crossed her arms, and picked up his half-finished bowl of Frosted Flakes. Did she just miss something?[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Running Scared Thanks for the feedback, and it's good to see a new reader join! Feedback is always appreciated. When one door closes, another door opens. I need to keep telling myself that this week. Sure, she was his boss, but who else knew more about women? She gave him an exhausted look, and motioned for him to close the door. She motioned for him to sit down. He sat, but they knew he would be up again. \"What now?\" she asked, tapping her pen on the table. \"She wants kids. \" Kevin said, nervously. \"You have deadlines to make at this moment, and you're worried about kids?\" \"Deadlines are temporary, kids are lifetime.\" \"So why're you scared?\" she asked, looking up at him. \"I don't think I'd make a great dad. I'm so screwed up.\" \"Yeah, you are. Who isn't?\" \"Jane.\" She laughed for a minute, and stopped when he didn't respond. \"Oh, come on! She went to 27 weddings, and didn't axe any of the brides! She's messed up.\" \"She's kind and thoughtful.\" \" Crazy. I like crazy better, know why? She said yes to 27 weddings. 27. Your kids will be over happy, Sesame Street Muppets before the age of two!\" \"You really need some down time.\" \"You really need to get back to work.\" \"Look, you're a woman. Why do women always pick the wrong time to have kids?\" Kevin stood up and opened the door. \"God made an audible,\" She got some satisfaction out of that. \"He wants to see if you're up to the challenge, though He already knows. Do you know?\" \"I'm not ready!\" Kevin cried, frustrated. She stood up and pushed him all the way out. \"Stop thinking about you, and get a relationship with God. A real one, and no, God's page on Facebook doesn't count.\" With that said, she shut the door, and let out a triumphant yell. That made her day.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Piece of Advice Thanks for the feedback, and for reading. This has been one of the most fun fan fictions that I've ever written! Casey hugged Jane. It had been a long time since Jane had seen Casey, since Casey had gone on a vacation with one of Kevin's friends from work. Casey looked around and rolled her eyes. \"Your attitude is always so, refreshing.\" Jane said, waiting to hear Casey's remark. Casey's eyes widened when she saw a picture of Kevin. \"Does he have a brother?\" \"You need a chastity belt.\" \"You need to hook me up.\" \"Slow down, cowgirl. What happened on the vacation again?\" \"We had sex.\" \"And?\" \"That's all it was,\" Casey slumped down, and looked at Jane. \"It was exhausting.\" \"There is a God.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"You're a sexaholic.\" \"It's natural.\" Casey waved it off. Jane sat down across from her. \"It doesn't last.\" Casey gave her a disgusted look. \"Where is Prince Charming?\" Casey asked, looking around. \"Work,\" Jane said, reading through some ads. \"I'm trying to find a job too. We're thinking about having kids.\" Casey rolled her eyes again. \"You are.\" Jane pretended to read through the ads. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"You love weddings Jane. You make Jennifer Lopez look like Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler look like Jennifer Lopez. The wedding singer becomes the wedding planner and the wedding planner becomes the wedding singer around you.\" \"Get to the point Freaky Friday.\" \"So you want to have kids. You planning to make things complicated and confusing?\" \"Other than marriage?\" Casey rolled her eyes again. \"Let me tell you what my mom told me,\" Jane gave her a really look. \"I was listening….somewhat. Kids are wonderful, but get to know your husband first, because the kids will leave. You're stuck in that 'til death do us part' part.\" Jane smiled and shrugged. \"Could be worse.\" \"How?\" \"I could still be figuring out the whole sex before marriage thing.\" \"That's simple, have as much sex as you want, and then get married.\" Kevin made the 'wrong answer' buzzer as he walked in. \"You get married, then comes sex. Luckily God loves us through all of our sins. I missed that one.\" \"Casey's still getting strikes.\" Jane added. \"I still hit home runs!\" Casey protested. \"No, not until you get married, and it's under God. Best sex ever .\" Casey smiled, as Jane shook her head, and blushed.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Grandkids, Anyone? Thanks for the feedback, and the support. I don't have any quick quotes to get started other than one I heard from the movie Belle, which was, \"What is right, must never be impossible.\" Enjoy! Jane's dad smiled, as Jane entered his shop with Kevin. The two were definitely the \"take on the world\" couple. He was proud of his daughters, and glad they had chosen well. He thanked God as he laughed quietly to himself that Tess wasn't lying to George anymore. \"Hey! You just missed Tess and George!\" he exclaimed, hugging Jane, and shaking Kevin's hand. \"Aww man,\" Kevin pretended to pout. \"Be nice,\" Jane nudged him, as a customer came in. \"You still owe 'Bridezilla' an apology.\" \"Really? Bridezilla is a Bridezilla . No offense,\" Kevin said, looking at Jane's dad. \"None taken,\" he said, smiling. \"Tess can be a bit extreme.\" \"Jane didn't get her repressed nature from you, did she?\" Kevin pointed out. \"No,\" he shook his head and laughed. \"Your mom had a hard time saying no too.\" \"Did she have a hard time asking you to have Tess and I?\" Jane asked, glaring at Kevin. \"No, I wanted kids,\" his face suddenly lit up. \"You thinking about having kids?\" \"I'm not ready.\" Kevin threw his hands up. \"How much do you love Jane?\" her father asked. \"More than I'll ever tell her.\" Kevin said, seriously. \"How much would you protect her?\" \"With my life.\" \"How do you know?\" \"I just do.\" \"How do you know you know?\" \"I feel it.' \"Really?\" \"Yes.\" \"Positive?\" \"Look, I love your daughter, and I don't care if you believe me or not!\" Kevin yelled, unaware Jane's dad was waiting for that reaction the whole time. \"You're ready,\" Jane's dad said, patting Kevin on the shoulder. \"Don't let your fears get in the way of God's blessings. You don't want a life of regrets.\" With that said, he hurried to the cash register to help the woman at the counter out. Kevin smiled, and looked at Jane. \"You sure he's your dad?\" She nudged him again and smiled.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Meet His Parents Thanks for the feedback and the support. I'm trying to think up a witty quote to use, but all that comes to mind is Vegeta and Trunks dialogue from Dragonball Z. Vegeta: So what are you going to do? Trunks: Guess I'll go super. \"Why have I never met your parents?\" Jane asked some days later. Kevin cringed at the thought. \"They're not exactly human. \" \"Now you're just being mean.\" \"You weren't raised by them. \" \"Why do you say human and them like they're from another planet?\" Kevin's mom and dad walked in at that very moment. She was very elegant, and had a bright but stern look about her. Jane could tell she was no pushover. His dad was like an older version of Kevin, and she could tell he had a lighter side to him than his frown suggested. \"Hi, I'm Jane, your son, Kevin's wife.\" Jane smiled, and held out her hand. Kevin's mom, Mrs. Doyle gave her a strange look, and embraced her in a warm hug. Jane felt the love, and saw Kevin's face go red with embarrassment. That's when she knew. Kevin was ashamed of his parents. \"We're family dear,\" Mrs. Doyle smiled warmly. \"Handshakes are for strangers.\" Jane nodded, as Mrs. Doyle let go. Mr. Doyle had walked over to Kevin, and embraced him in a strong hug. Jane smiled. Kevin had missed him too. Even without words, Jane could see the father-son bond displayed. She looked at Mrs. Doyle who was smiling too, as she walked up and hugged her son. Kevin's face was still red. Mrs. Doyle stood beside her. \"My son has taste. It's good to see him get over that witch Elaine.\" Jane almost laughed, but she caught herself. His parents weren't shy, that was for sure.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: Enter Tess and George Sorry that it has taken so long to post the next chapter. I had to face some personal problems and myself, but with God everything I called impossible, is possible through Him! Feedback and constructive criticism is welcome. This one is short, but the next one will be longer. Thanks for reading and enjoy! The two had just sat down, when there came a knock at the door. Kevin shot Jane a confused look. Jane shrugged, smiled politely at Kevin's parents, and looked through the peephole. She laughed when she saw Tess and George. This was going to be fun. \"It's Tess and George.\" Kevin knew that look. Jane nodded, and pulled open the door. If it would be chaos, it'd be better to face it head on.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: Stuff To Dig Up Thanks for reading and for the support. Feedback is appreciated! \" Fear is the mind-killer.\"-(TOM 3 voice) Tess and Jane did their 'jinx' routine. George and Kevin looked at each other. They shook hands, and shook their heads at the same time. Jane introduced Tess to Mr. and Mrs. Doyle, who at the time were wondering who the strange couple was. Kevin introduced George to his parents, and George understood Kevin's cynical, yet lively personality. \"Have you two had sex?\" Mrs. Doyle asked. \"Mom, we're married.\" Kevin said, as he helped Jane in the kitchen. \"Not you two. I'm asking Tess and George.\" Tess almost spit out her water. George however, remained perfectly calm. \"Yes,\" he answered, as if to challenge Mrs. Doyle's beliefs. \"We love each other.\" \"Young man,\" warned Mr. Doyle, with an easy smile in George's direction. \"Watch yourself.\" Kevin rolled his eyes. Jane knew that look. \"Why don't we talk about something else?\" Jane tried to diffuse the bomb, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. \"You two aren't married, correct? How would you feel if God made you a promise and then did the exact opposite? That's not love, it's lust! \" Mrs. Doyle snapped. George, red with embarrassment stood up calmly, Tess with him, and quietly made their way to the door. Jane ran interference, blocking the door, while Kevin glared at his mom. She folded her arms, and pretended not to see him. \"You're right mom,\" Kevin admitted, to Jane's look of disapproval. \"But we're not here to judge. Who are any of us to judge?\" \"I'm not spotless, but I won't lie about the word of God, Kevin. I'm not judging, I'm correcting.\" Mrs. Doyle said, arms still crossed. \"Are you loving us when you say that?\" Tess asked. \"Yes,\" Mrs. Doyle said, confidently. \"You won't know it, until it catches up to you. Don't make the same mistake we made.\" \"Mistake?\" Tess asked, looking at George, whose hand was headed for the door knob, but was smacked by Tess's hand. \"What mistake?\" Kevin continued to stir the rice. \"Yeah mom, what mistake?\" \"She means you son.\" Mr. Doyle said, slowly. \"Me?\" There was hurt in his voice.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: God Doesn't Make Mistakes Thanks for reading, for the support, and for the feedback. Any constructive criticism is appreciated and welcome. \"After all, we're a work in progress.\" (Tom 3 voice) Tess looked at Jane, who for the first time tonight was at a loss for words. She had expected some light humor, friendly conversation, but not this. She had never seen that look on her husband's face. The man looked as if he found out Santa wasn't real. Tess sat down, and George reluctantly followed. \"You found out your parents aren't perfect,\" Mr. Doyle added. \"We weren't planning on having you.\" \"Not perfect? You guys are practically from space.\" Kevin shook his head and laughed. \"We were so scared. We weren't sure about raising you, or who you'd turn out to be…\" Mrs. Doyle trailed off, tears in her eyes. \"Try somewhere between a cynic, a romantic, and a gentleman,\" Kevin walked over to his mom. Jane smiled, as he hugged her. \"Stop crying mommy, you're embarrassing me.\" \"We married eachother after you were born. You had those eyes that noticed everything.\" Mr. Doyle said, sitting back comfortably. Jane was reminded of getting dressed in the cab. She blushed, and covered her mouth with her hand. He'd seen that too. Tess got up, and to Jane's surprise hugged Mrs. Doyle. Mrs. Doyle was just as surprised. \"You know, my mom always told us, God doesn't make mistakes. He makes miracles.\" Tess said, still hugging Mrs. Doyle. Kevin was touched by his sister-in-law's words. He turned to George. \"You have a good woman. Remember that.\" George nodded. \"They raised you well. Follow their example and ask God for some guidance,\" George leaned in close and whispered, \"She can be a real handful.\" Kevin smiled, and patted George on the back, as Jane walked over to Tess, and Mrs. Doyle. Mr. Doyle was laughing at George. \"Maybe we can switch sometime.\" Mr. Doyle added. Kevin and George shook their heads, and they all had a good laugh.[Chapter 19] Chapter 19: Don't Be Afraid To Start Over Thanks for reading, thanks for the feedback, and for the support. \"And who knows? Maybe starting over won't be so bad.\" (Kairi v.) Enjoy! Kevin and Jane prayed together, and found out some interesting things about each other. Jane of course wanted kids. Kevin was still wrestling with his shortcomings about kids. Jane would start working at a bridal store in a couple of days, and was nervous about how that would go. Kevin was still doing Elaine and Mark's wedding. Their drama was stressing him out. What they learned most importantly, was to take their problems to God, and listen to His will for their lives. They were going through this together , and getting through it with God would be a process. Jane walked into the bridal store, and smiled as she saw two girls running around in bridesmaid dresses. She was reminded of herself, and Tess. She didn't see Kevin, Elaine, and Mark walk in behind her. She turned around. Kevin grinned and waved. Elaine was more excited than Kevin, squealing with delight. Mark nodded, and looked at the door, wishing he was anywhere else, but here. Jane smiled nervously, knowing that God truly had a unique sense of humor when it came to her life.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20: First Day Blues Thanks for reading, for the support, for the reviews, and for the constructive criticism. Posting these helps me come out of my shell. lol \"I am not about to give up!\" (Goku voice) \"Well, don't you look ten kinds of professional?!\" Elaine exclaimed, walking up to Jane. \"Thanks,\" Jane said, entertaining a thought. \"You didn't have coffee did you?\" Elaine held up her Styrofoam cup. \"Guilty. Number two.\" Mark groaned. Kevin gave him a reassuring pat on the back. \"This is a nightmare for most guys,\" Jane sent Kevin a disappointed look. \"We're going to the tuxedo store.\" They were on their way out the door. \"Let them go,\" Elaine took another sip of her coffee. \"Men.\" \"What's wrong boys, chicken? \" Kevin and Mark stopped dead in their tracks. Elaine burst out laughing, and the receptionist did a better job of stifling her laughter. \"What are we afraid of again, dear? \" Kevin asked, folding his arms. \"I think I smell the fear of you two losing your masculinity.\" Jane said, shrugging. \"Please,\" Kevin said, arms still folded, \"enlighten us.\" \"You think you'll lose your masculinity being in a bridal store,\" Jane set her eyes on Mark. \"Why can't you support your wife to be? True masculinity is having the courage to do what other men won't. If you think it's lost by you coming here, you never had it at all.\" \" Burn! \" Elaine yelled, as Mark and Kevin looked at each other speechless. Jane took Elaine's coffee, and tossed it in the trash. Mark put his arm around Elaine's shoulder. He, and Elaine started to follow Jane around. Jane heard a series of rips. Two girls were playing with toilet paper. Jane asked them where their mom was. They pointed to a woman whose dress seemed shabby and torn in the back. Jane stared in horror, as Kevin came up behind her. \"Um, that's not toilet paper.\" He pointed out. Now it was Jane's turn to groan. Everything had been going so well too… Kevin gave her an encouraging hug, and said words she'd never forget. \"It's alright, even though I am a poor, suffering bastard for marrying you, every time I see you, God knows I'm reliving seeing you walk down that aisle. Besides, she wasn't watching them,\" He looked at the receptionist, who had the same look of horror Jane had. \"They're like the Tasmanian Devil. That's fast. That's a new record girls!\" The remark he made, made Jane laugh. She needed that.[Chapter 21] Chapter 21: Just What The Doctor Ordered Thanks for reading, for the feedback, and for the constructive criticism. I can't think of a witty remark time. Lol Enjoy! Kevin and Jane slumped down on the couch at the same time. Kevin looked at Jane. She looked back at him. The awkward silence told him something was wrong. \"What happened?\" he asked, setting his bag down. \"I've been running around a lot, Kevin. \" \"Why'd you say my name like that?\" \"Like what?\" \" Kevin. You only stress when you say my name, when something's wrong.\" \"Whatever could be wrong ?\" Jane threw her hands up frustrated. \"Nothing's wrong on this end, you?\" Jane sat up and stared at him. Then she stood up. \"You are unbelievable.\" \"Am I missing something?\" \"Yes!\" Kevin stood up, a puzzled look on his face. \"We pray together every night,\" He looked into her eyes. \"What are you not telling me?\" \" I want kids Kevin. \" Jane said, folding her arms. \"It's not just about you, or me. It's about us with the Big Guy overhead!\" Jane thought about it for a minute, and sat down. Kevin sat beside her, and put his arm around her. Jane gave him a surprised look. He smiled back at her. \"We need to be a united front before we have kids. We just got married. Can I get to know my wife first?\" Jane laughed. \"Casey said that too.\" \"I don't like agreeing with her.\" \"Now you have something in common.\" \"Yes, you. Don't remind me.\" Jane laughed again.[Chapter 22] Chapter 22: Just Married Thanks for the feedback, the support, and the constructive criticism. This fan-fiction was fun to write, mostly because I kept it to myself as I was writing it. Lol Jane had to admit, Elaine and Mark's wedding was beautiful. She was the assistant planner. Brenda, her trainer had done a beautiful job, with the flowers, the dresses, and the theme of a beach wedding. Jane wasn't a bridesmaid this time. Elaine's bridesmaids were livelier than she was, and each drank too much coffee. Kevin was taking pictures, and was glad the nightmare was coming to an end. Mark, and Elaine were married. He was married to the love of his life, Jane Doyle. He looked over at her. She was smiling at something. He moved closer and saw that it was kids. I have a funny feeling this will be like a tug of war God, and I'm going to lose, he thought to himself.[Chapter 23] Chapter 23: Déjà vu Thanks for reading, thanks for the support, thanks for the feedback, and for the constructive criticism. Kevin and Mark sat down in the lounge. Mark had ordered a few beers. Kevin drank some, but all the beer in the world wouldn't ease his mind. Jane still wanted kids, and he still feared being the worst dad in the world. Mark was stressing about being married. \"She stresses about everything,\" he groaned. \"even what I wear.\" \"I'd stress too. What are you, a model for GAP?\" Kevin joked, noticing Mark's khakis. Mark laughed. \"Wow, you're quite the support system.\" \"So, you want her to lie to you?\" Mark shook his head. \"I need her to stop being such a control freak.\" A young blonde girl caught Mark's eye. She was smiling at him, as she cleaned off the table. Kevin snapped his fingers. Mark quickly looked at him, realizing he was caught. \" Focus. You dress up for them, don't you?\" Mark's face turned red. \"Look,\" Kevin put his hand on Mark's shoulder. \"Elaine's stressing about what you just did. That's one of the reasons she's insecure. Plus, why did you get married if you weren't ready?\" \"I am ready,\" Mark snapped. \"It's hard with all these distractions around. How do you do it?\" \"A healthy dose of telling myself, the devil, and people like you, no. \" Kevin crossed his arms his arms and smiled. \"Have you ever said yes?\" \"Have I ever said yes, to what?\" \"Something someone else wants, besides the perfect reality you've set up?\" Now Kevin was beginning to feel selfish. \"She wants kids,\" Kevin threw his hands up in defeat. \"All I can think about is how it will affect me.\" \"It'll affect her too. If you're too busy worrying about you, how can you help her? She needs you.\" \"You're right, Pastor Mark. Elaine needs you. Your congregation needs you,\" Kevin took the glass of beer from him. \"You don't need this. We need to start trusting God with our situations.\" Mark smiled. \"Plus,\" Mark added. \"What are you willing to lose?\" \"Everything that's no good for me. Beer is no good for me. God is, and Jane is. Otherwise, I'm just a bitter and cynic old man, all alone in a dark mansion.\" Mark laughed. \"What?\" \"That's a Batman Beyond reference.\" \"Geek.\" \"You mentioned it.\" \"You analyzed it.\" \"Hey, I can only work with what you give me. Funny, how that applies to us, our marriages, and God.\" Kevin smiled. \"That was exactly on time.\"[Chapter 24] Chapter 24: I'll Be The One Thanks for reading, thanks for the feedback, and the constructive criticism. Change is coming! Jane knew she had some self-evaluation to do on her own. She wanted kids, but that was becoming a primary reason for ignoring Kevin altogether. She took a sip of her coffee, as she, Casey, and Elaine sat around discussing their issues and situations. \"I'm worried that the old Mark is waiting to jump out at any moment.\" Elaine was on her second cup of coffee. \"Kevin will bring up any excuse not to have kids.\" Jane muttered, nursing the grudge she had going against her husband. \"You two are pitiful,\" Casey snapped, earning glares her way. \"I don't care if you're mad, it's true. You two worry for no reason.\" Elaine started to say something, but Jane spoke up. \"Go on Casey. What do you suggest, marriage expert ?\" \"You spend eons pining over your boss, who by the way, you never had the courage to say anything about until he saw Tess,\" she turned to Elaine. \"And you, get over yourself!\" Elaine's mouth dropped open. Jane remained calm. \"What are you trying to say Casey?\" \"Something my mom keeps telling me. God works best in hopeless situations, and you two are hopeless .\" Jane and Elaine looked at each other, and laughed. \"What?\" Casey asked, her face turning red. \"Clearly,\" Elaine touched Casey's hand. \"God uses whoever he wants.\"[Chapter 25] Chapter 25: Peace and Be Still Thanks for the feedback, thanks for the support, and thanks for the constructive criticism. \"The battle is still going on…\" (Dende voice) Kevin knew what was coming next, as he lay in bed that night. Jane was only inches from him, and yet it felt like she was miles away. Her body was stiff, and she was woke. She shifted every couple of seconds. \"What's wrong?\" he asked, breaking the silence. \"Nothing,\" came the cold, blunt reply. \"You want kids.\" he said, with a heavy sigh. \"Is that too much to ask?\" \"Right now, yes. \" \"Everything has to be your way.\" \"What's best for us Jane? Huh? That's what I'm considering. We're both working, and we're out of sync!\" Jane sat up, and looked over at Kevin. He looked frustrated, and stressed out at the same time. He folded his arms, and did his best to restrain his anger. Jane didn't realize how much stress he was under. \"You want to have kids like this ?\" \"We won't always agree.\" \"Fine, but will we be united, despite our disagreements?\" Kevin sat up, and took Jane's hand in his. \"Jane, we need to wait.\" She took her hand away, and went to bed severely disappointed in her husband. Kevin went into the living room to pray. Something had to give, and he couldn't shake the feeling it would be his will.[Chapter 26] Chapter 26: Silent Night Thanks for the feedback, the support, the constructive criticism, and thanks for hanging in there with me! \"Positivity will be your light in the darkness.\" (Tom 3 voice) Jane woke up in the middle of the night, and looked over at where her husband was supposed to be. She jumped up in a hurry, and tiptoed out to the living room. She heard familiar sounds, and stared back at herself on the TV. She looked at her husband as she was coming down the aisle. He was excited and scared at the same time, wondering if he would fail or succeed. Jane smiled, and curled up next to her sleeping husband on the couch. Kids could wait; this moment was all that mattered. God found a way once again to bring man and woman together.[Chapter 27] Chapter 27: Something to Hold Onto To Thanks for reading, for the feedback, and for the constructive criticism. This is the 27 th chapter of a 27 Dresses fanfiction. Lol \"What's the point of all this, if you won't let it change your life?\"-How to Save a Life \"You can't settle you know.\" Casey said, smiling at an uncomfortable Kevin. \"She's determined to have kids, and I'm still waiting on an answer from God.\" \"He's saying yes.\" Mark sat down next to Kevin. Kevin playfully shoved him. \"How do you know?\" Mark sighed and looked at Casey. She gave a blank stare back, and slurped down the last of her strawberry milkshake. \"Kev, you told me you wanted to live. \" \"Yes, not have kids. What is this, an ambush?\" \"It's an intervention,\" Casey gave him a cold stare. \"You're blocking the process.\" \"Kev, you only have now. You're not promised tomorrow. Neither is Jane. You have to step out of your cynical comfort zone, and trust God.\" Kevin's face was red. \" Now! \" Casey yelled, causing Kevin and Mark to jump. They exchanged glances. Kevin couldn't help but to laugh, as Mark shook his head at Casey. She shrugged; unaware that she was the focus of glares that questioned her sanity.[Chapter 28] Chapter 28: Between the Lines Thanks for the feedback, for the support, and for the constructive criticism. \"There's a war coming old friend , and I intend to fight it.\" (Magneto v.) \"And I shall always be there, old friend. \" (Professor X v.) Kevin lay by himself in bed tonight. Jane was still working last minute for an upcoming wedding. He sighed and looked up at the ceiling. Something caught his eye on the dresser. It was Jane's notepad. She was always careful not to let Kevin see what she wrote. He smiled, because he counted on her absentmindedness to become an ally of his. \"Last minute plans, wife? 'Wives submit yourselves to your husbands as to the Lord,\" He didn't expect that. \"'Ephesians 5:22.'\" Jane didn't go to anybody for advice, recently. She had gone to the only being who could save and restore her marriage, God. Kevin laid her notepad back on the dresser. His Bible seemed to look over at him. It was collecting dust. He picked it up and prayed to the Lord for guidance. For Kevin it was more,\"Lord, I can't figure out what this woman wants. HELP!\"[Chapter 29] Chapter 29: Learning Roles Thanks for the feedback, the constructive criticism, and the support. These things help me improve as a writer. \"I don't want your future!\" (Young Professor X v.) \"We need you to hope again.\" (Older Professor X v.) \"A wife must submit to her husband?\" Casey stared at Elaine in disbelief. Elaine nodded and looked at Jane. She was surprised Jane had called her and Casey. This had to be hard on the woman, who so boldly days before had stood her ground. Jane was throwing in the towel to them, but she smiled as she was joined by Kevin. \"Now this is weirder… .\" Elaine managed to get out of her mouth. \"I wrote for your wedding.\" Kevin gave her a stern, disturbed look. \"Why are we here?\" Casey pouted. \"We talked to God about it. We're having kids.\" Kevin announced. \"And that ladies, is why a wife submits to her husband. She follows her husband's example, he submits to God.\" Jane said, her beaming smile met by blank stares.[Chapter 30] Chapter 30: Patient Patients Patience \" This is the end, beautiful friends.\" (Peter Cullen v.) I'm currently working on the sequel to this one. The next fan-fiction I'll be posting is called One Tree Hill (Final Fantasy). I hope you'll support that one like this one. Thanks for reading, for the support, for the feedback, and for the constructive criticism. God is good! Let me know what you think about the ending too! Nine months later, Jane went into labor. Kevin referred to that as the time he was shown by God just how strong his wife could be…and crazy. He called her that a couple of times as she screamed horrendously to push the twins out. Tess had given Jane the nickname, Queen Kong. George took Tess to the side after she had several projectiles thrown at her head. \"Bad move,\" he said, catching his breath, and quietly thanking God they had gotten out in time. Rebekkah Elizabeth Doyle and Isaiah Zechariah Doyle came into the world screaming. Kevin made a note that they'd come out of a dark tunnel, and finally into the light. Jane's heart was touched by that. Mark nudged Kevin, noting he'd taken the line or rather ending from What Ever Happened To The Caped Crusader. Isaiah looked up at his dad once, squinting, as his sister squinted too and yawned in her mother's arms. \"Thinking of having more?\" Elaine asked. \"Don't ruin the moment.\" Kevin said, rather dryly. \"He means we have to wait and see what God does.\" Jane said, calmly. \"You'll have more.\" Mrs. Doyle said, smiling at Mr. Doyle. \"Lots more and they'll be crazy. \" Mark added. \"Can anyone be crazier than these two?\" Casey and Tess asked at the same time. \"They do know that our craziness has them in the same room, at the same time?\" Jane asked, turning to Kevin. \"Hmm, are we going to contend with Bridezilla and the real Queen Kong? Careful Jane, we might be inciting a war. \" Kevin shot them a raised eyebrow. The two women rolled their eyes, and pretended not to hear anything said. That night the parents stayed at the hospital. The children slept in their mom's bed. Kevin was sitting in the chair next to the bed, reading What Ever Happened To The Caped Crusader. \"Could Joker really be Alfred?\" \"What?\" \"That would really be messed up.\" Jane said, laughing to herself. \"Why? Maybe he hates working for a gloomy, depressed boss like Bruce Wayne.\" \"He gives him considerable advice, and then goes out of his way to dress up like a madman?\" \"He takes care of a madman.\" \"So? I'm married to one.\" That comment made Kevin laugh. \"So is that a no, madwoman?\" Jane laughed. \"Yes, that's a no, madman.\" \"I bet the kids would agree with me.\" \"Would they?\" \"Yes, yes my dear, they would agree with me.\" He smiled proudly. Jane patted his shoulder, noting that he had the same look he'd had on their wedding day. What he was really asking was, how was he doing as a dad. \"You're doing fine.\" He let out an exasperated sigh. She could see the relief slowly come over his face. \"They'll probably think I'm from space too.\" \"You probably thought your parents were Stormtroopers.\" His face lit up. \"Could they have been?\" \"Sarcasm answering sarcasm…or were you actually serious?\" \"You're asking, which means you don't understand.\" \"I bet the kids will.\" \"That was sarcasm.\" \"That was positive sarcasm to be accurate, madman. Don't feed your fears.\" \"But they're hungry. \" \"Just say no. \" Jane gave Kevin a knowing look. \"You're learning madwoman, you're learning.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Reminiscing This is my first fan-fiction story called \"Push My Buttons\", and is a fan-"}]