[{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"The loss of a unique drape","Author":"Miss Cassandra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12153099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On Sepetember 14th 2016 Kim McGuire a.k.a Hatchet face from cry baby sadly passed away the greats are leaving us far too soon. Cry-baby shut the engine of their motorcycle off as they arrived at the drape compound. Allison was surprised that the band stand was silent, the drapes were all just sitting around no dancing no partying for the first time in awhile. Taking Allison's hand in his Cry-baby made their way to the main house where their friends and his family stayed at. Entering they were surprised to see Ramona, Pepper, and Wanda crying while the guys tried to comfort them. \"What's going on?,\" Allison asked as she approached Ramona and knelt down beside the woman who was like a mother to them all. \"You best sit down hunnie we have bad news,\" \"What is it?,\" Cry-baby asked as he did as she asked and sat on the arm of the couch. \"Hunnie, it's Hatchet,\" \"What about her? is she ok? Where is she?\" \"Cry-baby, hatchet passed away, she's with ma and pop now sweetie,\" \"What! No!,\" as Cry-baby said that he rushed out of the house with Allison on his heels. \"Baby you know she would have been the first to come see us when we got back if she was here, Wanda told me where she is,\" Allison said taking his hand and leading him toward the bandstand. There on the stage as they entered was a makeshift memorial. Hatchet laid on a table draped in black sheets, her leather jacket draped over her chest, and her saxophone leaning against the table where she laid. Cry-baby approached the stage and made his way up. Allison stayed at the bottom of the steps so he could have his moment alone with her. Leaning down Cry-baby kissed her on the forehead as a single tear ran down his cheek at the loss of someone he considered family. \"Goodbye sister,\" Cry-baby spoke softly as he made his way back down to Allison. As they joined their family at the entrance of the band stand they all knew this was a somber day in the drape community. They lost a unique remarkable soul. Their family lost a sister, a love one, and a granddaughter nothing would be the same again without her around. ","Summary":" On Sepetember 14th 2016 Kim McGuire a.k.a Hatchet face from cry baby sadly passed away the greats a"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"crybabypouty girl love","Author":"FanGurlz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11255211","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pouty girl + crybaby= love Chapter 1 I just moved to Baltimore last month with my dad, just the two of us. My dad's a mechanic, he owns his own shop and everything, I remember being a little girl and learning everything from every part of a motor to changing tires. I work with my dad every day after school, I'm saving to buy a motor cycle. It was a Saturday afternoon, no school so I was at the shop all day, I was at the counter reading one of my favorite romance novels. \"A pirate's love?\" someone read the title aloud. I jumped at the sound of the voice, I looked up and saw five drape teens at the counter. Two guys and three girls. One guy had his arm around a blond chick with one heck a face. Then there was a black haired girl who looked about eight months pregnant and a blond girl sucking on a cherry lollipop. And then there was him. The leader of the group, he had the usual greaser clothes on. Blue jeans, white t-shirt, and a hot leather jacket, and that face! It was sad, but also kind of sexy. \"Um... hello?\" he asked me. \"Oh, sorry\" I said coming out of my daze \"can I help you?\" \"Uh, yeah, I'm here to pick up a part for my uncle\" he said. \"Do you have abs- I mean a receipt\" I stuttered still half in my daze. The gang behind him laughed, he just smiled and handed me the receipt. I took it, grabbed him his part off the shelf and handed it to him. \"Thanks\" he said handing me some money. \"Oh, it's already paid for\" I showed him the receipt. \"Well, I have to pay you for your services somehow\" he raised an eyebrow. \"Well I am new in town\" I said \"you could show me around town, maybe?\" \"How about I just show you the hot spot in town?\" he suggested \"turkey point?\" \"Sure!\" I said trying not to sound too excited. Fail! He laughed \"okay, where do you live?\" \"Upstairs\" I explained \"my dad owns this shop.\" \"Cool, pick you up at around seven, then?\" He asked \"It's a date\" I said \"I mean not a date date, but-\" He put a finger to my lip \"let's just call it a date.\" \"Okay\" I said \"what's your name?\" \"Crybaby walker\" he answered as he left the shop with his gang. ","Summary":" Pouty girl + crybaby= love Chapter 1 I just moved to Baltimore last month with my dad, just the two"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Cry-Baby: Wade & Allison","Author":"Depp Fiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9356959","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wade looked into Allison's eyes as a tear rolled down her cheek. \"What's the matter honey?\" Wade whispered while taking his thumb and gently erasing the noticeable sadness. \"I'm so glad you're out!\" And she flung her small arms around his neck as they stood outside the juvenile jail. \"I told you I'd be out!\" Wade laughed while rocking her back in forth for she was standing on his toes. When Allison pulled away he took her face in his big palms and kissed her for what seemed like an eternity. \"Allison\" Wade said while taking her hand and guiding her into the shadows. \"I have a question for you,\" he trailed off, \"and I want you to know this before I ask it\". Allison stood wide eyed but still unsure if this was some kind of joke. \"When we sat there in those chairs getting our shots for school, that was the first time that I really noticed you. And I feel horrible for waiting this long. I love you so much. I feel, better, now that I have seen you and that we have been together. Something has changed in me. I want to … I want to go deeper into yo- I mean … I want our relationship to continue and I want to go deeper into this relationship with you. You're amazing and I really just wanted to know, \" Wade said but trailed off, \"I wanted to know if you wanted to,\" he trailed off again while getting uneasy. He got down on one knee. \"I got nothin' but would you marry me?\" Wade smiled his arms open revealing the same old white T-shirt and leather jacket. Allison gasped and almost fell back to hit her head on a tree branch. She nodded while crying again. Wade ran into her arms and picked her up to only twirl her. He kissed her and kissed her and kissed her. They stood for the longest time in silence and stared into each other's eyes. \"We'll wait till graduation,\" he said, \"and then you'll be wearin' that dress!\" ","Summary":" Wade looked into Allison's eyes as a tear rolled down her cheek. \"What's the matter honey?\" Wade "},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Crybaby and Allison Start a Family","Author":"savvi2016","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12180771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Its 1955 in Baltimore Maryland Wade Walker is about to ask his very pregnant wife to marry him in front of all the people of Turkey point. Thinking of how far they have come from two years ago he realizes how lucky he is. As the show ends Ramona secretly hands Crybaby the ring Crybaby sold him motorcycle to pay for. He turns around grabs Allison by her hands gets on one knee and asks her to marry him. Lenora is in the crowd and is totally shocked by what she is seeing. She's been determined to get crybaby to be with her since they were kids. Allison, shocked by the size of the ring that crybaby is sliding on her finger says yes through happy teared eyes. Allison being due any minute with the mystery gendered baby sits at Ramona and Belvederes where she now lives with Crybaby. Ramona and Belvedere really enjoy their alone time together and since allison has moved in the two never get time to themselves. So the nice thing that they are doing is building a house for the happy couple in a no better location than right next door. Close if they need something being the baby is going to be born soon but they have their own space which is nice. The house is a two story small house with chocolate brown siding and peach shutters. A four bedroom house( in case they decide to have more kids) with a small kitchen, dining room ,and 1 bathroom. Small and simple yet all the space they need. The house has been under construction for about seven months now and is almost completed. The newly engaged will be able to move in in a few days. Where did the funds for the house come from may you ask? Hubcaps. A lot of hubcaps. Ramona and Belvedere have lived fairly well over the years from just stealing hubcaps. So when they needed a little extra help they used the whole gang to get as many as possible to make this house possible for Wade and Allison. The Newlywed Milton and Hatchet face who eloped to get married a few weeks ago had just come back to town. Milton's parents have given up at this point in trying to get him and hatchet face to split up. They believe that she is a child of Satan because of her face. Although they absolutely do not accept the couple's decision to get married they had no choice but to welcome Hatchet face into the family. Pepper and her boyfriend have happily welcomed their 5th child into the world. Pepper Walker has been pregnant for close to five years as a whole, The two just can't seem to stop having married yet but she still lives near Turkey Point. The day has arrived. Allison has gone into Labor while her and cry baby are doing a show at turkey point. The time has come to find out what they are having! Crybaby is getting nervous as they drive to the hospital and Allison is in perfect condition not nervous at all. At this point she just wants this child out of her. But Crybaby can wait a little longer he thinks to himself he's scared to raise a child knowing that he is still growing up himself. They finally make the drive which seems like a voyage to the Hospital and everyone is scrambling because they are all in awe of the Turkey point stars. Sometimes the celebrity status has its perks but now it is just annoying. Crybaby gets lippy with a nurse who asks for his autograph. For crying out loud his wife is in labor! Getting a room and a good doctor to deliver her child was all she wanted at the moment. Ten minutes later she got her wish. She was checked into a room and the whole gang was on their way up to keep her company until it was time for her to have the baby. In a tiny little delivery room was a mixture of squares and drapes all coming together for the birth of this baby. Crybaby and Allison were the first ever in the area of Baltimore to be together from two completely different upbringings. Forbidden love that stopped at nothing until they were together. The room was filled with baby clothes and toys being brought in by the people keeping Allison company through the long hours of Labor. Her grandmother the gang friends she has made in the past years of becoming a drape. Allison was always meant to be a drape. She's always known. After 12 hours the baby….babies were born. A girl AND a boy. Everyone was beyond shocked but there was no sign of another baby they must have been mirroring each other in the womb. When the first baby was born Allison and Crybaby were in awe of their baby girl but then another was well on its way and Allison was slightly scared something was wrong with her being that she had no idea she was having twins. She thinks to herself after the babies were born that it explains why she was so big and ate so much she thought she was going to deliver a 12 pound baby! But two is better than one and these babies were going to get all the love and attention they could ever need. Little Lucy and Lennon Walker were all the talk of Baltimore. Two Months later. Allison, Crybaby and the twins are moved into the house and are all settled in. Lucy has blond hair like her mother and Lennon is starting to get a little black hair like Crybaby. The new parents couldn't be happier with how their lives are at this moment. They have two beautiful babies and are planning their marriage for the next week. A quick marriage surrounded by everyone that they love is all that the couple ever wanted. Nothing over the top for this couple. Although they never really planned on having two babies and being as busy as they are now they sure do have a lot of help from the gang and family their life is everything they wanted and more thinking back two years ago this is such a change for them, starting a family, and getting engaged. Allison and Crybaby's love is so strong and will last forever. ","Summary":" Its 1955 in Baltimore Maryland Wade Walker is about to ask his very pregnant wife to marry him in f"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"I Die Without You","Author":"ravenwritingclaw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7694275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They were sixteen and wild. It wasn't supposed to mean anything, but it did. To him at least. That was who he was. He cared about the people he wasn't supposed to and fell in love with the people who always left. That was the story of his sixteen years on earth. First it was his parents, then his various girlfriends. They were supposed to stay, but just when he nearly caught them, they disappeared. He wanted to believe in a forever with someone, anyone, but it never seemed to be true. So when Wanda invited him over to cheer him up over his latest break-up, he hadn't objected. She was his good friend, best friend even. He had known her since he was a baby and she was the one person he could count on besides his sister and grandmother. At first he assumed they would just play cards and smoke, what they typically did whenever they were on their own. He had even brought over extra money because he knew she would probably end up beating him as she always did. But cards wasn't what Wanda had in mind. Lately she had become more promiscuous. Cry Baby didn't mind of course. He wasn't one to judge after all. Yet it did bother him to an extent. He didn't like seeing her hooking up with random boys at Turkey Point. They weren't half the man Cry Baby was, and he knew it. Then why did she keep putting herself in these positions? More importantly, why was she straddling him and sucking his neck like she was a baby attached to a bottle? And why did he like it so much? His leather jacket was hanging off the bed, her freshly pressed sheets tangled in his feet as he tried to get his wife beater off. Wanda's hand was fiddling with the zipper on his blue jeans and he honestly didn't know how much longer he could stand her grinding against his hips. Cry Baby's tank was tossed to the floor and without hesitation his hands cupped her cheeks and he kissed her deeply, his tongue flicking against hers. When they needed air, Wanda's dress was nearly completely off and her hair had become frizzy from the friction the teenagers were creating. Reality hit Cry Baby and he paused. What was he thinking? This was Wanda for Christ's sake! \"W-Wanda, what are we doing?\" His husky voice surprised even himself and he cleared his throat, trying to get rid of it. One of Wanda's hands fell to his chest and she idly traced his already prominent muscles. \"Makin' you feel better,\" she muttered before diving in, embracing his lips like they were water and she had been in a desert for years. Cry Baby didn't question her after that. He would never admit it, but Wanda was his first. Cry Baby was supposed to be all tough and cool, but underneath it his was just as innocent, to an extent, as the squares were. If Wanda knew, she didn't say a word. Once it was over, he tumbled off her and pressed the sweaty sheet to his chest, staring up at the paisley ceiling. The light bulb had burnt out a month ago and she hadn't bothered to tell her parents, leaving them to catch their breath in pure darkness. The blinds over Wanda's window let in a little light, but all he could see were Wanda's eyes awkwardly avoiding his gaze. \"This meant nothing,\" she whispered, fiddling with the sheet as it moulded against her full breasts. Cry Baby's eyes drifted to the mounds, but he quickly looked away, not wanting to get caught staring. He noticed one of her curls was blocking one of her eyes and with great care he moved it, his fingertips accidently caressing her cheek. Wanda flinched away, but he caught the weakness in her eyes, the need for care, not harm. Sure, she had good parents and friends, but there was a gaping hole in her chest only Cry Baby could see and he wanted to help but didn't know how. Maybe sex was supposed to fill it, he wasn't sure. \"Sure, nothing,\" he agreed. Cry Baby knew that was a blatant lie, but he was used to lying to save his skin. Wanda reached over the side of the bed and picked up her dress. He heard her eggshell skin slid across the sheets as she sat up and began getting dressed. Her back was turned away from Cry Baby, and he wanted so badly to just hold her and tell her she didn't need to sleep around to be free, but he couldn't. He just stared at her rising shoulders, her sloping spine, and wondered if he would ever feel her pressed against him like that again. Once dressed, Wanda picked up his pants and tossed them to him. They landed with a defining thud that echoed in the girl's wallpapered room. \"My parents will be home soon. You'd better go.\" She said, the roughness returning to her speech almost instantly. She was such a hard girl. Yet today he had seen her soften underneath his hands. He didn't think he would ever forget that feeling. Six years had somehow slipped from Cry Baby's hands when he found himself back in Wanda's room, sitting on her bed with a deck of cards in his hands. He was twenty-two, still a slicked back delinquent with a motorcycle, except now he ran the family business along with Turkey Point. His grandma and uncle had retired yet still lived on the property. He had set up a house for himself on the property and was quite happy there. Allison, however, was not. It had been hard for her to adjust to the life of a drape, and after graduation, she went to college in another state and Cry Baby hadn't heard from her since. It stung at first, a searing ache that spread through his body like poison. That was what she was, a poison. Sweet at first, but deceiving too. Cry Baby lived through it though. He survived as always. He still had his sister, his nieces and nephew, his friends, and Wanda. He wasn't sure what category she belonged to exactly. Since Allison's abandonment, she had come over to Cry Baby's and kept him company. Wanda kept the ladies away from him, knowing he wouldn't appreciate it, and made him eat even though he swore he wasn't hungry. She kept him alive. And while she tended to his broke heart, he began to wonder if what he was feeling for her was really love or something more akin to lust. He refused to be fooled another time, especially if it didn't mean anything. And it was Wanda. He didn't think she had ever loved or been loved before. She would probably laugh at the idea. Wanda put down a pair of aces and smirked. \"I win.\" Cry Baby pouted and threw his remaining cards on her mattress. She still had the same bed when she was in high school, and when his fingers brushed the sheets, he remembered that day when they were sixteen. He kept wondering if he had told her it meant something, if he had told her he wanted to be hers, would they be like they were right then? \"You won Baby Girl. I'm all out of money, we'd best stop before I have to hand out I.O.U's.\" Wanda laughed but agreed. The shades were drawn, the newly installed fan making an annoying humming noise above them, and Wanda was wearing his old leather jacket from the night before. The gang had been out partying and she had forgotten her jacket. Although his was too large for her, he thought she looked the closest thing to perfect as humans could come. When he came over the next day, he claimed it was to get it back, but it was actually just to see her wearing it again. Wanda fell onto her back, stretching her legs so her toes curled, brushing Cry Baby's leg. He felt the clichéd spark and shivered in the relative darkness. God help him but she was really tempting him. She shouldn't be allowed to wear tight black dresses with leather jackets, especially his. It was unfair. Cry Baby awkwardly lay beside her, folding his arms above his head, and waited for her to say something. She was always the first to speak, mostly because he didn't know what to say. \"Do you remember when we were sixteen and that slut broke up with you?\" Cry Baby nodded, tilting his head to see her expression. It was blank, one of her masks, and he hated when she did that. \"Yup.\" He needed to say something, not sure where this was going. \"I lied when I said it meant nothing. I was just trying to save you the misery of getting involved with a girl like me. Wanted to give you a way out I guess.\" Cry Baby stared at Wanda, watching as the mask slipped down her face and he saw the same sixteen year old who had been his first time, who would always have a place in his heart. He saw the real Wanda, the one who loved counting out of state licence plates with her dad and helped her mom cook dinners without complaint. He loved that girl. He loved the real Wanda. The man rolled onto his side, the mattress creaking as it pressed against the springs. His callused hand pressed against her rouge cheek, tilting her head so she had to look at him. He could see tears clinging to her lashes and he swallowed the knot in his throat, trying to say something coherent. \"Wanda, there ain't no misery involved with you. Never has been. You're the best girl in every Turkey Point in the country, in the world, and I think it's stupid that we're not together when all I've wanted to do since we were sixteen is kiss you like crazy. Cause you make me crazy, especially when you're wearing my jacket.\" The words erupted from him like an earthquake, and he waited for the earth to settle and Wanda to slap him like he had envisioned. The woman blinked twice then pounced, latching her arms around his neck and dragging him closer so she could kiss him. She still tasted like vanilla and her hair still twisted perfectly around his fingers, like it was created for that exact purpose. Cry Baby was the first to pull back, but when he noticed how puffy her lips were, he had to chuckle. God he had missed her. \"So I make you crazy too?\" He muttered, teasingly nudging her nose with his. Wanda's blush gave her away and while her hand fiddled with his greased hair, she mumbled something along the lines of \"shut up\" and \"kiss me\". Cry Baby was more than happy to oblige his girl. ","Summary":" They were sixteen and wild. It wasn't supposed to mean anything, but it did. To him at least. That "},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Dreaming of a White Rose","Author":"AlyssaBenett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10303043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreaming of a White Rose I hate Mrs. Flax. In oficial terms, Mrs. Flax is my mother, however I can't stand her. My mother has had affairs with too many men… I can't calculate now with how many men she has been, but I can say that they were too many. The last affair of my mother was with her employer; he was a married man. She decided to break up with him when she learnt he was married. Mrs. Flax was furious. She was hesitating. She didn't knew practically where to escape so she took a map and closed her eyes. She pointed with her finger any place, this time we were going to live in Massachussets. \"It's near a convent. Perfect\", she said amused. I'm tired of moving to different towns every time. I look at her angry, it seems that she finds it entertaining. I only hope that this time my little sister Kate and I could stay in a place a longer time. I saw my father for first time when I was 2 years old. I only have a photo of his shoes and a pair of boots that I always wear to remember him. I'm nervous. I'm going to live in a new place and to study in a new high school with new classmates. It is difficult to me to feel adapted to something. I like Massachussets, it's a small town very serene and quiet. Religion is very interesting for me these days, it is what attracts my attention. Catholic nuns are agreeable. They gave me a book called Lives of Saints. It is illustrated with good pictures. I like praying. When Mrs. Flax sees me praying , she looks at me. I notice she's thinking \"you are a weirdo, Charlotte.\" \"Charlotte, we're Jewish\", she says. I don't care about her opinion. I am free to believe in what I want. I think that the Catholic Religion is my new hobby. I haven't made a lot of friends in the Massachussets high school. Maybe people think I am strange because they have seen I wear black clothes and a cross necklace. Two girls that are joined in a Chess Club approached. One of them said me 'hello my name is Sarah'. She wore glasses and it seemed to be very intelligent and friendly. She invited me to join the Chess Club. \"Hello Sarah, my name is Charlotte. Thanks for your invitation, but I can't play chess. I am not good playing it\", I said. \"Charlotte, don't worry about it. You'll learn fast, I can teach you how to play. Playing chess is to make strategies. If you change your mind, you'll be welcome in our club.\" \"Well, goodbye, Sarah.\" I waved my hand to say goodbye to her. \"Goodbye, Charlotte. Nice to meet you.\" I walked fast to take the bus, but suddenly I fell down. \"So you are Charlotte Flax. The weird girl that everyone is talking about\", said a tall black-haired boy. He wore a leather jacket and jeans. \"Who are you?\" I answered him when I stood up. \"Who are you?\" he mocked \"I don't have to tell you who I am, saint girl. God didn't help you when I tripped you\" \"God says that we have to forgive people who harm you, I will forget what you have done to me. I know you want to be the center of attention wearing that leather jacket and smoking that cigarette\" I said him. \"I wasn't wrong when I called you saint. Your name should be Charlotte Saint. This is boring. Char, kick me and insult me, do it!\" \"I'm not looking for a fight. I have to go now or I'll be late to take the bus\", I told him and then I walked trying to leave as soon as posible. \"Wait, Char!\", he shouted \"Will you become a nun? I think you'll be a perfect nun.\" I stopped walking and I turned. I gazed him with anger. \"What happen to you? Can you respect other people's beliefs? I have not criticized your look or your attitude and you think that you have the right to do it.\" \"What do you think about Wade Walker? , he asked me. \"Is Wade Walker the arrogant boy who is against religion? Is Wade Walker who tripped me with the intention of causing me miss the bus? \", I pointed. \"Yes, I am that boy, but people know me with other name. People call me Cry-Baby.\" \"I don't want to continue this conversation, Mr. Walker. I don't want to argue with the devil\", I concluded. I ran without stopping my legs. The bus was leaving and I shouted. \"Hold on, please\", I pleaded. I saw Wade Walker \"Cry-Baby\" laughing in the distance. When I entered the bus, he was riding his motorbike.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: The Chess Club I accepted to join the Chess Club, to have friends. Sarah and Nicole told me that they were also nervous when they came the first time to Massachusetts high school. I sat with my new friends at lunch. Wade Walker was there staring at me. I looked at him and he smiled, then he slowly looked away. I felt uncomfortable when he looked at me. His eyes were intense and dark. Why did he smile at me? He was a jerk. He called me nun, just because I read the Bible. I drank a sip of orange juice and I continued a long conversation about chess movements. \"Who is she?\", Mona Hatchet-Face asked. She was facially disfigured and blonde. \"She is the new girl. She is in the Chess Club. We are the Drapes, we are the opposite of what is she\", Cry-Baby answered her. \" I'm not stupid, Cry-Baby. She is the dangerous one, worse than the squares. Mr and Mrs Hackett are like the new girl. You know, Milton's religious parents\" Hatchet-Face said and looked at the vegetable soup with a sad expression. \" I hate vegetables. This is not a good lunch\", she complained. \" I have seen her angry. It was awesome\", Cry-Baby smiled and looked at me. \" She is like a tornado, she will destroy you in one second, she is the Goody-two-shoes, so be careful and stay away from her\" Mona Hatchet-Face advised. \" She won't destroy me, I don't think so. Do you want some rice? I have. Eat my lunch, I'm not hungry\" Wade Walker said and then he left. \" You were looking at the drapes, weren't you? They are the rockabilly group of this high school\", Sarah noticed. \" Yes... well... I was curious. They wear leather jackets\" , I just said. \" I have heard that they're a group of delinquents\", Nicole commented. He was bad. I intuited that immediately the first time I saw him. However, I couldn't take my eyes off him, I couldn't feel indifference. \" Is that true? How do you know that they are...delinquents?\", I asked. \" Malnorowski 's parents sell cigarettes to students\", Nicole responded me. \" Really?\" , I said with a surprised tone. \" Yes, Charlotte. Mona Malnorowski is the blonde facially disfigured girl with leather jacket\" , Nicole said. I looked at Mona, her face was scary. \" Walker is the leader of the group. People call him Cry-Baby because he has the ability to shed a single tear. I have heard that he sings\", Sarah added. \" I have to pick up my books from the locker. I talk with you later\", I said them. \" We'll see you in class\", Sarah told me. ... Wade Walker was outside smoking a cigarette. \" Singing is the only positive thing that you do. You sing, don't you?\", I teased him. He turned and laughed. \" Who told you I did?\", he inquired. \" Rumors fly \", I just said. He laughed. \" You're in the Chess Club. I saw you\" , Walker said. \" So you admit that you watch me\", I said, laughing. I took the cigarette from his mouth and I trampled it. He looked at me with his eyes wide open. \" What will you do? Cry? \", I mocked. He shed a tear and then gave me that malicious smile. \" Well done, Char. You are not boring, after all\", he said me. I left with a smile in my face and he followed me. \" I have to pick up my books, so don't try to calm me nun again\" \" I won't \", he said, laughing. I opened the locker. I picked up my books. He smelled my hair. My breath became faster when I felt he was near to me. I stood still. \" I-I must go now because I am already late for my class \" I stuttered when he kissed my hair. He tempted me or tested me. He saw how difficult I was. He left me and I started to breathe again. I ran fast and I entered in class. ","Summary":" Dreaming of a White Rose I hate Mrs. Flax. In oficial terms, Mrs. Flax is my mother, however I can'"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Thinking of You","Author":"Capitcha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7228759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Allison had to tell him. She knew she had to tell Cry-Baby that she was leaving him, but she couldn't. She couldn't break his heart. He had done so much for her. He went to jail for her! But she just didn't feel the same. And she knew if she stayed with him, she would never leave the town. She had written him a note. A short note, but a note none the less! She couldn't tell him to his face that she was running away. She couldn't watch him cry, with that one lonely tear drop, which always secretly bothered her, but she couldn't tell him that either. She thought that it had something to do with his diet, but instead of asking him about it she just let it go. She had been sitting at the bus stop for two hours, when she saw a familiar figure walking towards her. She glanced over and saw a tight skirt, a leather jacket, a long, wavy hair. She instantly knew who it was and turned away. If Wanda saw her, she would ask what she was doing there, and she couldn't tell her. She noticed her walking closer. She had been found! Allison slowly turned her head to see Wanda glaring down at her. \"Hi,\" she managed to squeak. Allison prayed that she didn't know, but her expression said she did. She couldn't figure Wanda out; she never could. Wanda continued to glare down at her until she swiftly sat down right beside her. They sat for a few minutes in awkward silence, Wanda not taking her eyes off of Allison once. She was positive Wanda wasn't even blinking anymore. She was about to break the silence with another greeting when Wanda suddeny beat her to it, \"So you dumped him.\" Allison was stuck. She coudn't answer without sounding like the bad guy, but she truly wasn't the good guy, \"It has nothing-nothing to do with him. I just,\" she paused, thinking of the right words, \"I have to get out of this town, and if I stay with Cry-Baby, I never will,\" she looked at Wanda sadly. She was the apathetic one, the calm one. She would probably side with her out of anyone in his gang. She continued giving her the cold look, which only made Allison more nervous. \"We had nothing in common. We weren't going in the same direction. I did it only with good reasons,\" Allison was desperate to try and rid herself of the guilt, but Wanda's look only made it worse. She sat up a little, looking at Allison blankly and crossed her legs, \"Bullshit.\" Allison stared at her, shocked by what she had said, \"Pardon?\" \"It's bullshit!\" she yelled. Since they were the only two there, she could yell, \"You're just a bitch, and you broke his heart!\" \"I didn't mean to! That was never my intention. I love Cry-Baby, but I'm not what he needs.\" \"I know that,\" Wanda responded viciously. Allison didn't like the look in her eyes, or the tone in her voice, but she didn't fear it. Instead, it made her angry; jealous, almost. \"What's that supposed to mean, Wanda?\" she flipped her hair over her shoulder out of frustration. \"You know what it means, Allison. You were'nt good for him. God, you just said so yourself.\" Allison shifted so she was facing Wanda now, \"I said I wasn't what he needed. I never said I wasn't good for him. I'm great for him. I'm perfect for him, but he doesn't need a girl like me. Maybe someone like you, but not me.\" Wanda squinted at her, \"Allison, are you implying that I'm a slut?\" She smiled, \"No. I'm saying it.\" Wanda grabbed her hair and yanked it, causing Allison to cry in pain. She kicked at Wanda's legs, and bashed her left knee. Wanda fell on the ground, holding her knee and gasping. Allison got up and prepared herself to kick her in the gut, as Wanda rolled away just in time for Allison's kick backfired and caused her to collapse. As they were both on the ground, unable to stand, they began a slapping war. Wanda clawed at her arms as Allison began punching her. \"You little whore!\" Wanda punched her in the gut, and Allison fell back, her head barely missing the bench. \"You could've killed me!\" she kicked Wanda in the mouth as she saw her trying to stand. She was almost standing when she felt a head collide with her own. She fell back on the ground, dazed and confused. The battle finally ended with both girls out of breath, cuts and bruises on their arms and legs, and their hair tangled and messy. Wanda quickly smoothed out her outfit, and tried to fix her hair, as Allison sighed, \" I didn't want to hurt him, Wanda.\" \"Well,\" she stated in an annoyed tone, \"You did.\" \"I didn't want any of this to happen.\" \"Stop acting like the victim, Allison. You're just a bitch-you completely screwed up my cheek!\" \"Why are you here?\" Allison lifted herself back on the bench, rubbing her leg. Wanda glared at her and slowly got up, \"I came here to kick your ass.\" \"Why? Because I hurt him? I feel bad enough, so you didn't have to come here and make things ten times worse for me.\" \" You made everything a hundred times worse for him !\" \"I know! Okay, Wanda? I know. If you think you know him so much better than me, and you think you can take care of him better than I did, then go and do it.\" Wanda stood in silence for a few minutes, until she finally nodded, \"I will.\" Allison watched her limp away, worried. She never thought she could feel something so strange. She remembered how she felt when she realized Lenora had taken Cry-Baby, and she had given up and went back to that idiot Baldwin. Was she going to give up again? Wanda wouldn't really go after him. She was just saying it to get her upset. She had to be. Allison waited a few more minutes at the bus stop, but she couldn't stop thinking about Cry-Baby and Wanda. She couldn't let herself lose him again. She loved him, and he loved her. Once she was there with him, he would take her back instantly. He would never go for Wanda. He loved Allison. She grabbed her bags from the bench and got up, limping away back to town. She didn't know why, but she had to remind herself that Cry-Baby still loved her. She could leave anytime, but she had to know that he would be there for her always.[Chapter 2] First and foremost! I would like to thank you all for your lovely compliments on the story! I am currently trying to write out more for it, seeing as you all seem to really like it! And hey, there are not many Cry-Baby stories out there, so I'll keep it going! Sorry for the ridiculously long delay, but going over the story I am becoming inspired again! Wishing everyone the best! ","Summary":" Allison had to tell him. She knew she had to tell Cry-Baby that she was leaving him, but she couldn"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Kitty","Author":"Emi Trix and Luna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9742159","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BTW: Soc is pronounced; so-sh (the word is from outsiders) \"well it seems you need a personal escort to your next class Mrs. Hooper\" the principal told me as two Socs walked in, I let them grab my arms and walk me down the hall. I was surrounded by Socs. I tried to pull away and they grabbed me again. \"lighten up, it's not like I can run anywhere\" I told them. \"oh I figured you could slip out the window, like in first period, get on your motorcycle and ride away to that turkey point place you saw coming to this lil town\" I heard my dad say. \"is not my bike it's yours\" I told him. the school and the squares disappeared and I stood there facing my mom and my dad. \"we love you, baby girl\" my mom told me. \"have fun in Socs-villa\" my dad smiled. \"do good in school\" my mom said. \"trash the place\" my dad yelled. they began to fade out. tears pricked my eyes, but I wouldn't let them fall. \"Jerry don't tell her that!\" my mom yelled at my dad. I awoke and walked over to the window. it was morning, the sun was just rising in the sky, I remember watching sunrises with my mother. even after she died I would still watch them while dad worked on a motorcycle. things were perfect, in till that judge ruined everything. he took my dad away from me. \"you didn't do it\" I whispered, hopeing that my dad could hear me, \"I'll prove it!\" \"okay young missy, your no goi- Christina are you about to cry?\" my grandmother walked into 'my room.' \"no ma'am, I don't cry anymore.\" I told her as I grabbed some clothes from my suitcase and pushed past her to take a bath. I walked down to the kitchen to get some breakfast. my grandmother gave my outfit a strange look. I changed my mind about breakfast, grabbed an apple, and my daddy's keys to his black Cadillac. I was about to leave when Allison said, \"your not going to take his motorcycle\" I shook my head 'no'. \"oh yeah! watch out for Cry-baby he's a...what do you call people like you were you're from?\" she asked \"Greasers\" I explained \"yeah, he's one of them, I dumped him for Baldwin last month, before I began to attend the advanced school\" she told me \"you chose a Soc, over a Greaser?\" I asked. \"yep!\" she told me, \"by the way, Socs are Squares and Greasers are Drapes here, good luck in school\" \" I already have everything done for you, all you have to do is go check in at the front office.\" my grandmother told me. \"you too.\" I told her as I walked out the door. I hoped in the Cadillac and drove to school. when I got there I noticed a few Drapes gathered around in the parking lot I parked my car on the other side of them, grabbed my car magazine,and sat on the hood. I noticed that one of the blonde chicks in the group tapped one of the guys on the shoulder and motion toward me. the guy looked at me I lowered my sunglasses on the bridge of my nose and looked at him \"see something you like\" I called to him. \"why else would I be looking?\" he asked. \"flattering gets you no where with me\" I told him, I noticed a red Harley Davidson, \"who's bike?\" I asked \"mine\" the guytold me, \"what' do you think\" he asked. I took a real good look at it, then couldn't help but laugh. my choice was laugh or cry. he started to walk over. \"you laughing at my Harley?\" he asked. I nodded and he gave me this look, \"why?\" he asked. I looked over to his gang then back at him, he took a hint and told his gang that he would meet up with them later, they left. \"okay tell me.\" he said once they were gone as he sat on the hood of my car. \"your motorcycle looks like one that my dad fixed up for me when I was five. he told me that I couldn't drive it in till I was almost as tall as him, Daddy was only 6'2. I didn't listen to him and tried to drive it anyway. it ended with me hanging off the bike as it was dangling in a sycamore tree, covered in grease!\" The guy laughed. he stuck out his hand and said, \"I'm Cry-baby\" he told me. I moved closer to him. \"my cousin told me to stay far away from you\" I explained. he laughed again, \"I'm kitty\" I told him[Chapter 2] okay here's my problem, to many stories all at once so in till I get caught up on \"My Freedom'' this story is stalled. if you were extremely interested in this story, keep in touch and read \"my freedom\" to pass the time! if you weren't really all into this story that's fine, you don't have to wait for me to finish my other story and re-start on this one, but remember stories can always get better! thanks for reading this dumb message (::) here's a cookie for your trouble ~ Emilie-Kait ","Summary":" BTW: Soc is pronounced; so-sh (the word is from outsiders) \"well it seems you need a personal esco"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"What if Pepper knew Allison?","Author":"cit11cat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7424970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I have noticed the lack of crybaby fan fictions and there wasn't one scenario that I really wanted to read, So I wrote one myself. This is a little AU but pretty much goes with most of the story lines. This is an Allison/Crybaby fanfiction and will have Baldwin and Lenora bashing. Sorry if you like them but I really don't. This will also have different POV's but will stick with mostly Allison, Pepper, and Crybaby. Crybaby is deff one of my all time favorite movies so on with the fanfiction. Freshman Year: Allison's POV So, I am a freshman in high school. I am also a square. This should be fun. I already am with my friends walking down the hall when I see one of them, A Drape. Her name is Pepper. For some reason, everyone is afraid of them. I have heard the stories about their leader…Wade \"Crybaby\" Walker. He has a little sister named Pepper and has a gang. There is Milton, Wanda, and Hatchet face. The guys have long hair and leather jackets. The girls wear tight skirts with slits or tight pants. \"Hysterectomy pants\" my grandmother would call them. I don't see anything wrong with them. They also wear shirts low cut to where you can see their breasts and excessive makeup. I have never had a problem with them and I don't think they have ever had a problem with me other then the fact that I am a square. They are walking in the opposite direction as us. As they walk by, the girls I am with yell out mean names. One girl , Janice, yells out \"Slut\" towards Pepper and knocks her books down. They walk away leaving me there with the drapes. I bend down and help her pick them up. \"I'm sorry for them\" I say to Pepper. She just eyes me up and down like she is trying to see through me. \"Why are you being nice? Aren't you going to call me a slut as well?\" She says like she is expecting me to be mean. \"Well, no. Why would I do that?\" I am confused as to why she just assumes that everyone thinks of her as a slut. \"I am pregnant so the squares call me that\" I look down to see her smiling and holding her stomach. \"It's your life, you can be pregnant if you want.\" She just stares up at me. At first I thought she was going to hit me but then she just smiles. \" Your pretty all right for a square.\" She then sticks out her hand and asks my name. \" Allison Vernon-Williams and your Pepper Walker\" I shake her hand and look around. No one is in the hallway, I guess the bell must have rang. Oh no! I am late for class! \"I have to go, I am going to be late.\" What will grandmother say? \"Or you could just skip with me. It could be fun\" She says with a smirk on her face. I have never cut class before but I could use a brake from always being the good girl. I agree and we go out towards her brother's car. \"Umm Pepper, I don't think I should really be out here.\" I say as we walk towards the crybaby gang. They are looking at Pepper like she is crazy and their eyes filled with disgust when they see me. I knew I shouldn't be out here. \"Don't worry about it. They won't hurt you.\" She says and grabs my hand, practically dragging me over to them. I feel their eyes on me but I keep my eyes down. \"What the hell is this Pepper?\" Hatchet Face asked while looking down on me. \"Guys this is Allison. Allison, these are the crybaby gang.\" I looked up and saw hate in all their faces except for Crybaby's. His eyes showed something in them but I quickly looked down. \"Well that's nice but why the hell is a square around us?\" Wanda asked. She scares me a little. \"Guys she is cool. Besides, I don't think she is a square. I think she is a scrape. Part square, part drape.\" As she said this they looked confused. I don't think I should be here. Maybe if I go back to class they won't notice I'm gone. \"Well we don't want her here.\" Said Milton. \" It is alright, I should be going back to class anyway.\" I say as I quickly walk away. I could hear Pepper calling after me to come back and the rest snickering. Probably at how cowardly I am. (AN:I was gonna end it there but I decided to keep going ) Pepper's POV \"What the hell is your problem?\" I ask my friends, although they aren't acting like friends right now. \"She is a square, why are you hanging out with her anyway?\" Wanda asks. \"Because she is nice and I told you she is a scrape. She had the chance to call me a dirty name but she didn't, instead she helped me pick up my books and not once did I get a look from her telling me that she was better than me even when I told her I was pregnant.\" I told them. They looked kind of regretful because now she might be mean to me. I like Allison and I saw the way my brother was staring at her. He likes her. Now I just have to find a way to get them together without the gang upset. Maybe I can still be her friend. The bell rang and it was last period of the day. She was walking out with her square friends. Some of them glared when they saw me staring but Allison just looked down blushing. I wonder why, then I turned to see my brother staring at her too. Oh yeah, he soo has a thing for her. I will have to talk to her tomorrow. AN: Okayy they will become friends in the next chapter. All I need is one review telling me to continue this story and I will![Chapter 2] AN: I am super sorry that I haven't updated in like forever, I was super busy with work and school and drama. Then my computer broke and I couldn't update any of my stories. But I got a laptop for my birthday so I can now continue all the stories. Thank you all for sticking with this story. Okay, here it is. BTW, this chapter is gonna take place at the beginning of the movie. Two Years Later… Pepper's POV: Another day over with. Gosh I hate high school. Especially vaccination day. It doesn't work well with my pregnancy hormones. They just make me wanna punch those stupid nurses that put their hands on my stomach. At least it is finally over with. As we walk out, we get stopped by Wanda's mom. She bitched on about her dinner. As we get to the car Crybaby put on his music and lit a match trying to capture the eye of a certain blonde girl that was running towards us. \"Hide me please, hide me.\" Allison pleaded as she tried to hide behind me. \"Ally cat I am only 4'10. You're at least 5'4. How do you think this is gonna work?\" I ask staring at her, also wondering why she needed to hide. \"Peps, I am willing to crouch down.\" As I was about to ask why she needed to be unseen so bad, I soon got my answer. The square of all squares looked towards us, eyes burning as he saw who was trying and failing to hide behind me. \"Allison darling, don't hide behind those creatures. Come over here right now, you know you should be on my arm at all times.\" \"Baldwin, I can hide behind whoever I want.\" Allison said as she attempted to hold her ground. This made the others angry as Baldwin always tries to control her. It isn't her fault she is with him, her grandmother made them date. That evil witch. The rest of the gang kinda looked out for Allison now since she is my best friend from the wrong side of the tracks. \"Beat it creep or your gonna get a black eye to match that idiotic getup.\" Mona said as she balled her hands into fists, she felt very protective of the young square blonde. Beating Baldwin to a pulp was just a plus. Baldwin grabbed Allison by her elbow and all hell broke loose. Crybaby had him by the neck before any of us could blink. I always knew he had feelings for her, him admitting it to me a year ago just proved it. Flashback: I was sitting on the front porch wandering about my friend Allison. I knew she had fallen head over heels in love with my brother but I had no idea how he felt. I decided to ask him myself. \" Crybaby, what do you think of Allison?\" I asked nonchalantly hoping he would take the bait. \" She seems pretty hip, why?\" he asked. \" Just wondering, I think you got blue balls for her.\" I said giving him a knowing smirk. \" What…me? No, not her, never.\" He stuttered out. I knew then and there he liked her. End Flashback Mrs. Vernon-Williams pulled up in her car and started shrieking, this woman, my gosh. \"GET YOUR HANDS OFF HIM YOU VIGILANTE!\" She screamed at my brother while hitting him with her purse. This lady is crazy. \"ALLISON! GET IN THE CAR THIS INSTANT! YOU TOO BALDWIN!\" Allison got into the car as did Baldwin with a smirk I just wanted to rip off his face. \"Wait, Mrs. Vernon-Williams, can Allison come over to my house tonight? We are gonna be having a little get together.\" I asked sweetly. \"I think not. My granddaughter shouldn't be associating with you hooligans.\" She said as she sped away. We knew that Allison would be allowed over tonight, I looked into Crybaby's eyes and knew he had a plan. First we had to go home though. I know, it was awful. I am so sorry; I haven't written in a really long time and can't seem to find my groove in this whole thing anymore. Well I appreciate compliments and concerns. Also if you have any questions, you can leave a review or private message me and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks again guys, so much. Cit11cat ","Summary":" AN: I have noticed the lack of crybaby fan fictions and there wasn't one scenario that I really wan"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"When Your Dreaming with a Broken Heart","Author":"YesIAmRealHuman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9123745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"DAMNIT!\" Crybaby slammed the hood of his car down loudly. Frustrated as the steam flowed from beneath its hinges. Him and his two gang members ; Milton and Hatchet-Face; stood around the car, their cheerful high of the school day being over now sizzling to a deep depression. \"What's wrong with it man?\" The only other male in the Crybaby gang, timidly scratched the back of his greased hair. He would have offered to help Crybaby, but he was always a bit touchy about people getting to familiar with his rides. He never did get over that incident where Baldwin set fire to his motorcycle. So Milton thought it best to stand back. Crybaby didn't even look up from the car. He just bared his teeth, neck bulging, eyebrows furrowed, eyes glaring deathly, and growled out his response. \"HELL IF I KNOW! Damn thing's been acting funny all week! First the belt broke off, then the back tire blew out, NOW THIS!\" He kicked his boot into the front bumper, leaving a small dent. He used to worship this car. Now it just reminded him of his downward spiral in life. First his bike was set ablaze, then sent to jail, Wanda left the group to move to the big city, Pepper got Married and moved out with her kids and quit school to take care of the new baby, then Allison...oh Allison. To this day his heart burns alive thinking of her, but she was gone. He didn't like to recall the memories. In fact he did his best to block them out at all cost. Now his last ride sat in front of the school building, smoking and sputtering its way to death. \"Well...uh...sorry Man. Is there anything we can do?\" Milton tried to ease the tension. \"Yeah, wanna just take the bus?\" Hatchet-Face laced her fingers with Milton's and slowly started to pull him towards the approaching School Bus drove by Wanda's dad. Cry-Baby lifted the hood once more and tried to wave the smoke away to look into the car again with dead eyes. \"Nah. You guy's go ahead.\" \"You sure?\" Milton asked. Hatchet-Face tried to shh him. Obviously Cry-Baby wasn't going to just leave the car here no matter how much he hated it, and he seemed to be wanting to be left alone now. \"Yeah...seeya.\" He muttered emotionless. They looked at each other with worried eyes but turned when the Yellow Bus squeaked to a stop behind them, the door opening to the same smiling man who greeted them kindly as they climbed inside and drove away. While Cry-Baby tinkered with the mechanisms, the rest of the student body walked out from the front doors of the building. Smiling, laughing, saying goodbye. He grit his teeth at the sounds. All of them being so happy. It made him sick. It was days like this, he wondered why he came to school at all. His freshman year seemed so long ago, three years in fact. Now he was a senior. Somehow he had barely skimmed by in class to pass. Thanks to she-who-will-not-be-named. It was her idea anyway. She wanted him to do better for himself. He never understood that meaning, but he stayed, he studied, hell he even tried not to sleep, just because she asked him to. He loved her that much, but...it Wasn't enough. Crybaby pushed the lock of greased black hair that had fallen in front of his face back, and stood up to arch and pop his back, which was now sore from leaning over the car for so long. He pulled a toothpick from his pocket and jammed it between his teeth. A small habit he developed after doing it on purpose a few times attempting to look cool, now he usually needed one everywhere he went. He pulled off his leather jacket and placed it on top of the car, his white t-shirt had the sleeves torn off showing his cry-baby and native American tattoos. What was he going to do now... As if fate itself heard his desperate thoughts, a small tap on his back and someone clearing their throat made him turn around. His eyes glazed over to their normal cold demeanor to stare at the sudden approached. What square dared to touch him. She was barley 5'6. Her over-sized white button down shirt ruffled and crinkled as it tucked into her pale cream, knee length skirt. Her hair, which was a warm brown and extremely curly, was braided on each side behind her ears reaching just below her shoulders, and small black glasses sat atop her nose framing bright blue curious eyes. What kind of square was this? She looked no older than 15. \"what..\" He growled. She averted her eyes to the car nervously. \"Um...Are You having trouble?\" He bit down on his tooth pick. \"Im having a picnic. What's it look like!\" She winced at his tone and bit down on her pink painted lip. \"What do you want kid I don't got all day.\" She gulped and looked back up to him. \"I know someone who can help.\" \"huh?\" Now he was confused. She pointed to his car. \"I know a mechanic who has a tow. He can fix it for you.\" \"And tell me Sugar. Why would a little kid square like you want to help me huh?\" He stood over he with his arms crossed. If he was honest, he would say he did need the help, but he was having a shit day so he felt like being a jerk. The girl averted he eyes and twirled a bit of her curly hair in he fingers nervously. He was actually feeling a bit guilty for making her this scared. \"Well...i..umm...you Looked like you were really sad about it.\" \"So you just thought you'd come over and help Ol' Cry-Baby huh? Aren't you scared? Don't you know anything about me or what I've done? Little girls like you should stay away from guys like me OK?\" She bit down on her lip again, she took in a deep breath before forcing herself to look up at him again with more determined eyes. \" Mr.. Cry-Baby, Im not a little girl...and...and My daddy said never judge someone until you meet them yourself. So...So I don't care what people say about you.\" She gulped and held out her hand with a flush on her cheeks. \"My name's Lilly-Anne Ferguson. It's nice to meet you.\" His eyes stared wide down at her outstretched hand, his eyebrow arched in complete bafflement. This is no ordinary square. Hell she's not a Drape or a Square. So what is she? She stared at him hopefully, arm staring to shake a little from being held out so long. Finally he looked back at her face before twirling this toothpick with his tongue and gently shaking her hand. \"Your weird kid.\" She smiled big and walked over to his car scanning it with her eyes. \"So who's this guy you know..How much does he cost?\" His tone seeming much better and less aggressive. The girl had broken his tough act with her oddness. \"Oh he's pretty cheap, but I don't know how long it will take him to fix it. Are you OK to walk a little ways?\" She looked up at him through her lenses and smiled already knowing his answer. \"Walk...how Far?\" Hello everyone. Thanks for reading my first Fanfiction. Truthfully i wouldn't have made this Fanfiction is there had been more Cry-Baby submission, but the options here were very few so i figured why not. ANYWAY! I would like to hear your thoughts about this and please be truthful im a big girl, no need for sugar coating. Let me know in the reviews if you'd like me to continue, or if there is anything i can improve on? Thank you. -Doodle[Chapter 2] Ok so I'm going to give chapter 2 a shot. So here we go. Sorry if its crap and that it took so long to continue. The sun started to set through the rows of oak trees, turning the bright blue skies into oceans of orange and pink. Days like this made Crybaby wish he was on his dearly missed bike. Unfortunately his daydream was cut short by the harsh reality of his location. Where was he? Walking. WALKING. Walking in the damn woods! With a skipping, whistling kid, that kept trying to have conversations with him for what seemed like hours. He rolled the toothpick in his teeth, occasionally biting down to scowl at the girl. What was her name again? Amy?..Mary? \"It's just up ahead. Up on that hill.\" She pointed upwards further in the woods. All Crybaby could see was trees, trees, and more trees. He was starting to think this kid was secretly a monster dragging him out in the middle of nowhere to eat him alive. He almost chuckled at that thought but did not give her the satisfaction. He just grunted and glared at the back of her head. \"I don't see anything. You better not be messing with me kid.\" She turned to look up at him again and readjusted her glasses. \"I'm not i promise. Don't worry.\" She flashed a smile and started skipping up the hill again. He let out another grunt and followed her, within distance in case his silly cannibal thought might be true. Sure enough Crybaby actually started to see the top of a house once the trees started to space out more. Well, house is not the right word, It was tall and oddly shaped. It sort of reminded Cry-Baby of an old abandoned church, but it had, what looked like, a tower made out of grey and white bricks built onto the left of it. Perhaps it was even a clean shade of white, but green moss and vines had dinged the building into a dirty green and brown color. Most of the windows were cracked and seemed to be put back together with tape. Its roof had chunks of missing shingles and a few boards nailed to it. On the front porch there was a rocking chair, a porch swing, and at least a dozen wind chimes made out of rusty spoons and empty painted glass bottles. What the hell kind of place is this? She actually lives here? He thought to himself. His toothpick long dropped from his mouth in shock. He was right...she was a monster going to eat him. Who else but monsters could live like this? The girl..damn what was her name again? Put her hands on her hips and smiled. \"Home sweet home. It's not much, but its comfy. Now where is...\" Her question was cut short by the sound of music playing so loud it caused Cry-Babys heart to jump clear up into his throat. All the birds in the area to flew away in panic, and even the girl held a hand to her chest in fright. The music blared and after a moment Cry-Baby could actually distinguish the tune. The song was Elvis Presley's new hit Heartbreak Hotel. \"Oh no no no no NO!\" The girl seemed to glow bright red with rage and stomped off into the direction to what looked like an old barn off to the side of the house. Her braids flying behind her as she picked up speed, obviously forgetting Cry-Baby's presence entirely. Out of curiosity he followed her to the barn. Maybe another monster like her waited inside. At least it had good taste in music. She pushed with all her might to get the front door open, digging her shoes into the dirt. The music blared loudly from inside and even the leaves on the vines that engulfed the barn shook with every beat. After finally getting the door open enough for her and him to squeeze inside, Cry-baby almost felt the need to cover his ears from the volume, but his eyes wandered the inside in wonder. The dirt floors were covered in old patterned rugs that over lapped, barley leaving any cracks for the dirt to show through. Along the walls and hanging from wooden beams were dyed bed sheets in multi- colors. Cry-baby could see an old record player spinning off in the corner. A large microphone was bent into the old brass horn to pick up the sound that bellowed from the small Amplifier next to it. The little monster girl looked around frustrated in search of something. Perhaps Cry-Baby was getting old but for once in his life he understood the meaning off \"Too Loud\". Wow did he really just think that? Suddenly a green wine bottle fell from the sky and crashed onto the rugs and dirt along the floor, scattering bits of glass. After suffering ANOTHER heart attack from the crash, did the girl and Cry-Baby look up from wince the bottle fell. Up high, tied to the wooden beams was a hammock and what appeared to be a person swinging in it. \"Are you crazy get down from there!\" The girl screamed with all her might trying to make herself be heard over the loud music and after a long minute, someone in the hammock reached up an arm and wrapped a hand around one of the ropes hanging from the beams and gave it a tug. A noise rumbled from the beams and the hammock slowly started to lower. How the hell was THAT happening? Cry-Baby stared up into the beams looking for this contraption that was lowering the hammock down but it was too dark to see anything. Maybe they were witches, not monsters. After it was about 5 feet from the ground the invisible roof contraption made a loud squeak and crack, and some smoke puffed from the darkness. Within seconds the hammock dropped with speed plopping onto the rug covered dirt. The body within the hammock let out a groan and a few swears. The little girl ran over and tried to free the body from its trap within the tangled cloth. \"Jeez. Have you been drinking?\" A giggle erupted from the mass and it sat up, dropping the sheet to the ground revealing another girl. One much older and...drunker. She smiled wide at the kid and pulled her into a hug. \"Lilly! How was school!\" She screamed over the still blaring Elvis. Lilly grunted and tried to pry out of the drunk girls arms. She glared at her and squished her face between her hands. \"Why on earth are you smashed in the middle of the day? Where is Phil?\" The drunk girl shrugged and stood wobbly to her feet stretching. Crybaby's mouth gaped open slightly. His eyes trailing down her. Her skin was slightly tanned from the summer sun, her face was rounded and almost boyish with freckles dotting across her cheeks and nose. Her hair was a much more copper shade that Lilly's and was cut right down to the nape of he neck. It was without a doubt the shortest hair Crybaby had ever seen on a girl. In fact he had never in his days seen a girl with such a mess of hair and clothes. He thought girls were into looking good, dressing nice, and wearing makeup. Even the drape girls didn't go outside without red lipstick on. No this girl might as well have been raised in a cave. Her red plaid shirt was dirty and far to big for her, i might as well been a mans. A pair of grease and dirt smeared jeans that she had cut off at her knees were even more gender confusing. Was his really a girl? What kind of circus had he gotten himself into. Looking at them both, he could see the slight resemblance in the face and hair colors, but nothing could make them look opposite that the square clothes on the little girl..and the ragged frocks on the other. The drunken boy-girl-thing looked lazily over to the record player and started to dance while also trying not to fall over. The kid furrowed her eyebrows and pushed up her glasses once more before running over to the record player and quickly removing the needle, causing the music to stop with a squeak. The drunk female stopped moving and looked around confused. \"Whad' happened to Tha King?\" Thats when her eyes landed on Cry-Baby. An almost twisted shade of lime green looking him up and down, her face an intoxicated shade of red as she started to grin. \"Who's tha gangster?\" She slurred. The kid stood between them and tried to keep the drunk from falling. \"This..\" She gestured to him with her eyes nervously, \"Is Crybaby Walker. He goes to my school. That's why i need to know where Phil is.\" The drunk girl furrowed her eyebrows and ran a hand through her mess of unbrushed hair. \"Ummmmmmm...Phil?...He's...um..\" She looked around the barn quickly and stumbled a little before looking back at the kid. \" he was here a second ago...I dunno where he went.\" She shrugged and plopped onto the rug beneath her sitting crossed legged once again looking Cry-Baby over. \"No no no, you get up and go wash up i can't have you stumbling around all day.\" She pulled the now irritated drunk girl to her feet and made her lean onto her for stability. \"You have to get sober!\" The drunk girl grumbled whilst the kid limped her out of the barn with Cry-Baby not far behind. She managed to get her to the porch before pushing her into the rocking chair. \"Stay here ill get you some water.\" The kid turned to look back at Cry-Baby who waited in the yard, keeping his distance from the two. The girls blue eyes looked at him with guilt and a silent apology. \"Sorry this will only be a minute. Phil should be around here somewhere and he will go pick up your car.\" Before he could even open his mouth the kid had ran inside. He was starting to not like this idea more and more. From what he could tell this place was weird and he wasn't sure he wanted this Phil touching his car. He might be just as crazy if not worse. \"Is that ya real name?\" The drunk girl called to him. Startled he looked up to the porch to see her smiling lazily and still flushed from her booze intake. \"Seriously is that your name?\" He glared at her. \"It's what i go by.\" She took no hint to his aggravation, or she just didn't care. She raised a curious eyebrow and leaned forward resting her chin in her hands. \"So whats your real name?\" \"None of your business.\" Her smile stretched tauntingly and started giggling. Cry-Baby could feel his eyebrow start to twitch in anger. When she finally stopped she stretched her arms above her head and sighed before returning her gaze to him. \"That's cute.\" She smirked That's it, she has to die. Before Cry-Baby could muster up the rage to smack her in the head with his boot, the kid came busting from the door, a glass of water in one hand, and some bread in the other. She forced both into the drunk-annoying-boy-girl's hands. \"The bread will soak up some of that booze in you hopefully. Hurry up.\" The drunk happily took a bite from the bread and swallowed some water. \"I think Phil's in the back.\" The kid rolled her eyes, \"You could have said so earlier.\" and hopped down from the porch. She grabbed ahold of Cry-Baby's leather jacket sleve and pulled him with her to walk behind the house. Back behind the house was a garage and a litter of car parts stacked in piles among it. A black tow truck sat in front of the shop and a pair of dirty booted feet hung from the window. The girl released Cry-Baby and climbed up the steps of the truck to peek inside, pushing on the boots. \"Hey! Phil don't tell me your drunk too! wake up you have work to do!\" Phil, Cry-Baby assumed, let out a grumbled before both boots retracted back into the truck and the door opened with a squeak. A tall lanky man in dirty grease smeared overalls stretched and popped his back. \"Not drunk Lilly-Anne. Just havin a nap.\" He turned and looked at Cry-Baby with amusement. The man's hair was the same copper shade as the drunk she-he, but his eyes were the bright blue shade as the kid's. His copper hair seemed to have merged with his long, graying copper beard that concealed most of the bottom of his face, but his smile was quite easily noticed. \"Well evenin. What can i do for ya sonnie boy?\" Cry-Baby snapped out of his train of thought and was about to mention his car when the kid spoke up before him. \"He's car is busted. Can you go pick it up?\" He scratched his chin through his beard, \"Hmm..sure i can go get it. What's the matter with it?\" The kid glanced her yes to Cry-Baby, obviously not knowing the answer. \"Um..it's been giving me trouble all week. I thought it might have gotten over heated but i cant get it to start.\" \"Hmm..alright ill give it a look-see.\" Phil patted the kid on the shoulder, \"Go inside and get dinner started will ya sweetheart?\" The kid smiled and skipped to the house leaving the two men alone. Phil smiled at Cry-Baby who was obviously a little nervous. He walked over and pat his hand on Cry-Baby's back with a laugh. \"Don't look so glum sonnie. We don't bite. Well most of us anyway.\" He let out another chuckle. \"Where did you leave this car of yours?\" \"Umm..It's still at school.\" Phil walked towards his garage and picked up a pair of gloves and his tool-box. \"You go to the same school as Lilly-Anne?\" \"Yeah.\" Cry-Baby was trying to find more words to say but was coming up short with Phil's Dad like demeanor. \"I'm a senior.\" \"Thats good. Good. Good. Good.\" He stepped into his truck with his tools and cranked it. \"Well you go on ahead inside. I'm sure if your hungry Lilly-Anne will fix you some dinner too. Don't mind Chrysta.\" \"Who's Chry-\" Before Crybaby could even ask, Phil had drove away and left Cry-Baby there staring after him. He glanced over to the old house, not sure he wanted to go inside at all, but a loud grumble of objection came from his gut reminding him of the last time he ate, which was yesterday. Growling he stomped his way to the front of the house and saw the drunken devil was no where to be seen. He stared up at the screen door, the sent of something baking filling him with the willingness to move closer. He carefully stepped up the stairs trying not t make a sound and tip toed to the door. He stared at his boots and rapped his knuckles lightly against the wooden edges of the screen. It flew open almost instantly to the kid looking at him brightly with a smile. \"I was wondering when you would knock. Come in, come in. Dinner will be ready shortly.\" He noticed she had removed he hair from her braids and now tied it up high in a kinky pony-tale. Her square school clothes had been swapped out for a white button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up and a pair of men's pajama bottoms, rolled up to her knees. She shut the door behind him and he followed her through the dark wooden hallway to the glow coming from the door he presumed was the kitchen, from the smell that was coming from it. Once in the door she scurried over to the oven and stirred something in a large pot. \"I hope you like chick and dumplings.\" She called. \"Make yourself at home.\" She pointed to a long table in the center of the room. It was old and scratched up, not that Cry-Baby cared about furniture conditions. His house with his aunt and uncle looked like a bar with bedrooms. He took a seat and looked at his surroundings silently. There was the kitchen. An old iron stove with various pots and pans hanging around it. By the door he entered was a sink and a few cabinets above it filled with what looked like bowls and cups. On the other side of the room was some large windows, cracked and tapped together, and moss and vines clinging the edges from the outside. Next to him he saw an open closet door filled with canned foods and assortments of food boxes. Finally did he spot the well hidden fridge behind another multi-colored tapestry. Some foot steps sounded from up above them and started to descend. There must be some stairs somewhere, he thought. The steps grew louder and a girl emerged in the doorway. Wait is that the drunken devil from before? She looked different now. Her mess of copper hair was damp and slicked out of her face. Her clothes were a clean white T-shirt and a pair of stripped blue mens boxers. The towel in her hand was rubbed against her wet hair trying to soak up some of the moisture. So she still was dressed oddly, but she was certainly more recognizable as female. Cry-Baby even caught himself staring at her obviously female figure in that shirt and down her legs. Shaking his head he forced his eyes back to her face, which hadn't seemed to notice his presence yet. \"Something smells great. Whats for dinner little sister.\" She peeked a glance over the girls shoulder into the pot before the kid shoved her back. \"Chicken and Dumplings..now go sit down and wait.\" The older one poked her lip out and shrugged and turned to sit down at the table, but her eyes grew wide and she froze when she spotted Cry-Baby staring. \"So you stayed after all huh? Well i owe you two bucks Lilly.\" She sat across from Cry-Baby with her sly smile plastered back on her face. \"What's that suppose to mean.\" He growled. \"Oh i bet Lilly here 2 dollars that you would have high tailed it back home by now.\" \"I told you he would stay. Nobody can say no to MY cookin.\" The girl smiled and winked at Cry-Baby, who averted his eyes ashamed. Why did his stomach have to get him into this kind of situation. \"Well hurry up I'm starving!\" ","Summary":" \"DAMNIT!\" Crybaby slammed the hood of his car down loudly. Frustrated as the steam flowed from be"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Take Me Home","Author":"DanceInTheFlames","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6194285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: If I owned Cry Baby do you really think I'd be writing fanfiction? A/N:The name came from an Aiden song called \"Breathless\". \"Just where do you think you're going?\" \"Where do you think?\" I stomp out the door and slam it shut. God she can be so annoying! At least there's one place I know I can go. Twenty minutes later and I'm outside Cry Baby's door. I know it's late and I look like a wreck but I need him right now. I wipe away the angry tears that haven't already dried before I lift my fist to knock on the door. Soon I see Cry Baby's shocked but worried face in the doorway. \"Allison, baby what's wrong?\" He pulls me inside and sits on the beat up old couch. He grabs my hand and pulls me down on his lap before starting to rub my shoulders soothingly. I whimper and crumple into him. He holds me tight. I tell him about the fight and he sits listening intently, rubbing my back and whispering sweet nothings to me the entire time. \"I'm sorry, Baby.\" He squeezes me and kisses my cheek from behind. I lean into him. \"Why don't you stay the night?\" I have to admit, I'm a little shocked at his invitation. I look around the room, while I consider his offer. My eyes fall on a picture of him and Pepper as kids, sitting in their parents laps. They look so happy and he seems so innocent and carefree, so much unlike my Cry Baby. \"Oh I don't want to...impose...\" I know he's just trying to be nice, but surely he must understand how improper this is...He smiles and shakes his head. \"Honey you're a Drape now. That means you have every right to be here, any time of day, or night. So what do you say?\" Maybe not. I might as well, considering I'd really rather not go home to my grandmother right now. \"...Alright. Thank you so much Cry Baby.\" I turn in his embrace and wrap my arms around his neck, kissing him earnestly. He smiles against my lips. \"C'mon, you can stay in my room, everyone's already asleep and we shouldn't wake them.\" I take his hand and we head upstairs. We enter a room that seems to fit Cry Baby well. There's no real fancy decor, but it's charming; just like him. There really isn't much in the room, a record player in the corner with many records stacked in milk crates next to it, a short dresser with a mirror on top, a bed under his window on the opposite wall, and his guitar, not far from the bed. He walks over to the bed and falls onto it, using his hands as a pillow. He closes his eyes, but doesn't fall asleep. I walk over to the dresser; he has more pictures from his childhood jammed in the wooden frame of the mirror. I realize that I hadn't brought anything, neither a nightgown nor a change of clothes as I was in such a rush to get away from my grandmother I hadn't even thought of it. \"Cry Baby?\" \"Hmm?\" He looks up from his place lounging on his bed. \"...I don't have anything to sleep in...\" His brow creases for a moment but then he stands up, going to his dresser and tossing me one of his white button down shirts. \"Here.\" I go to the bathroom and change, when I return he looks me up and down, apparently liking what he sees, as he wraps his arms around my waist from behind and nuzzles my neck, making me giggle. He's nothing like the Squares think. They see his rough exterior, but he's really the sweetest person I've ever met. And far more respectful than Baldwin. He knows my limits and never pushes me. He curls up on his side in bed, beckoning me with his eyes to join him. Unable to resist, I walk over to him and he opens his arms to me. I lay with my back against his chest and he immediately wraps his arms around me in a protective embrace that says he'll never let any harm come to me. I get the feeling that after tonight it'll be hard to readjust to sleeping alone. Though with this kind of company I may have to start more fights with my grandmother. He sighs sleepily into my neck and I smile. \"Night, baby.\" He kisses my jaw and I turn to capture his lips. He smiles against me. \"Good night.\" I sleep soundly in his warm embrace. I wake and am momentarily confused as to where I am but remember that I spent the night with Cry Baby when I register that his arms are still around my waist. I grin and turn in his arms so I'm facing him. He's still fast asleep; he looks almost angelic like this. No tough exterior or tears, this is one of the few times I've seen him look truly peaceful. Cute as he is asleep I'm bored so I decide to wake him with a kiss. It takes him a moment to respond after waking but he submits to it quickly, flipping us so he's nearly on top of me, without actually putting his weight on me. He grins mischievously. \"That's the best wakeup call I ever got.\" He kisses me again and I giggle. Yeah, I could get used to this.[Chapter 2] A/N: Thanks for reading, please review and check out my Pirates of the Caribbean fic, Blood is Thicker Than Rum. Thinking of improving it, but I can't do that without your reviews! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: If I owned Cry Baby do you really think I'd be writing fanfiction? A/N:The name came fr"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"CryBaby's Love","Author":"Mrs.StarshineHedlund","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6228468","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cry-Baby's Love Charaters: Cry-Baby,Allison,Isabella,Hatchet-Face,Millton,Wanda,Pepper,Ben,William Paring: Cry-Baby/Isabella,Ben/Wanda,William/Pepper Story: Isabella Miller is a Scrape a beautiful Scrape and she moves to Baltimore with her brothers Ben and William they go to Hillville High and whats in store for them is unbeliveable Chapter 1 \"Bells come on!\" I hear my brothers call.\" Coming gosh!\" i call back. Hi my name is Isabella Miller and am what you call a Scrape part Square part Drape but all around bad girl. it's the year 1954 and i go to Hillville high in Baltimore why? you ask well.. where i was before was boring and i'm looking for a aventure a BIG aventure. Before i leave out my room i put on my leather jacket and then head out the door. My brothers are Drapes and me they protect i don't need it, but it's nice to have someone looking out for you. We get to the school in the nick of time thanks to my brother's crazy driving, just as i get out the car i see him.. god was he pretty and i mean pretty but he was a drape and he had his arm around some girl so he was taken but i love taking guys that are taken it's more fun when the look on the girls faces when their man walks away to me, priceless!. But as soon as i let out a stort he looks my way we stare at each other for three mins before looking away. Me and my brothers were close to them now so i took the chance to say something \" man!, look at these squares!\" i said looking around, my brothers stop in front of me so i had to stop to they turned around and stared at me like i had three heads \" what?\" i tryed not to let the iration show but couldn't help it \" you never had a problem with squares before\" my big brother Ben said letting me see how worred he was. \" yeah Bella never..\" my other brother William said looking at me with the same worred experssion i swear they could be twins. \" it's nothing really it's just... there are alot of them\" i said walking ahead of them \" you better come on just because your Drapes don't mean you could miss class if you do im tellin' mom' i said stoping to look behind me then walking away. School pass by fast soon it was after school and me and my brothers was walking to the car when that same boy from this morning stop us. \" hello My name is Wade \"Cry-Baby\" Walker and you are?\" the Pretty boy asked. My big brother Ben anwsered \" im Ben \" Big Ben\" Miller, Thats's William \" Bill\" Miller, and that's Isabella \" Bella\" Miller\" He finished looking back at Pretty boy \" so you guys are all related?\" the girl that has Pretty boy's hand asked \" Yes \" i growled not meaning too but the way she was holding his hand made me mad. \" Would you guys like to come to the Jukebox Jamburee?\" Pretty boy asked. Just then four people came up to us 1 boy and 3 girls, out of the girls one was really Pretty and one was knocked up and the other one look like she got hit with a door non-stop. It was the boy who spoke\" Cry who these people?\" He said looking at us up and down \" this is Big Ben...\" Pretty Boy said pointing at Ben \" Bill...\" He said pointing at William \"and that's Bella\" He smiled a really big smile when said my Nickname and then stare at me with love-filled eyes. Then he stop and cleared his voice and said \" this is Millton...\" pointing at the tall boy \" Hatchet-Face she mean no harm and Wanda the prettiest girl i know and my baby sister Pepper and this one...\" he points at the girl holding his hand\" is Allison\" Nice so she was a Square or is a Square... whatever! \" and about your question earler Cry-Baby yes we'll come, but do you want all of us or just me and my brother?\" Ben asked \" No Everybody\" Cry-Baby anwsered.[Chapter 2] \"Fever\" by the Rocks is a fake song i made it up I think.. LOL Chapter 2 \"Bella hurry!' I hear my brothers call from outside my window i throw the rope i made out and slid down when i felt the ground i knew i was home free. I pulled down the rope and hid it behind the bushes below my window and ran to my brother's car then we headed to turkey point. At Turkey Point,it was hip!, I looked around for Cry-Baby. I was wearing a fitted dress with half my hair pulled back and black axford heels when i spotted him. He looked so beautiful wearing that otufit,when me and my brothers came into veiw Cry-Baby broke into a breathe-taking smile and walked to meet us \" you made it!\" Cry-Baby exlamed huging both my brothers then giving me a kiss on the cheek \"Bella,want to dance?\" Cry-Baby asked me reaching for my hand which i let him take \" yes\" i said just as my favorte song came on,\"Fever\" by the Rocks. As Cry-Baby pulled me on the dance floor the main singer started to sing... Forever mine it takes time to love a beautiful girl like you... my step slow im closing the distance between myself and you i take a deep breathe, preparing to use it to tell you i love you... I hear Cry-Baby's voice over the music as he sang the frist verse my heart melted i pull back to look at his face as single tear ran down his eye \"Oh Cry-Baby, don't cry \" i said kissing the tear where it landed on the corner of his mouth he look at me in shock then he kissed me. I forgot the the time, the place, the fact the Cry-Baby had a girl, i forgot all that and kissed him back. We made-out for about 4 mins and stop with our foreheads pressed togther,breathing hard \"God your so Beautiful Bella\" Cry-Baby said kissing me softly, he pulled away \"Don't say that Cry, Im not Beautiful not like Alison\" i said looking around Turkey Point and not at him. \" Sugar... \" I heard him say but i didn't look up, \"Bella?...\" still didn't look \" Isabella\" i felt his fingers on my chin making me look into his deep brown eyes \" Alison is nothing to me, i want you to be my girl now\" Cry-Baby said letting me go but keeping his arm around my shoulders \"Cry-Baby!,you have to be on stage!\" i heard Pepper call and i looked at Cry-Baby, i didn't want him to leave. Cry-Baby saw me look at him with sad eyes \" don't worry sugar i'll come back, in the meantime stay with my uncle Bel and my grandma Romona ok?\" He asked me \" Ok\" i said. His grandma was on stage she call out the Cry-Baby combo which was Millton, Hatchet-face,Wanda, and Pepper then she call out her grandson Cry-Baby the crowd got wild. I screamed along with the crowd when Cry-Baby looked my way he winked and said he's singing a song for his girl \" Get up here Sugar\" he called i was about to when Alison pushed me aside and ran on stage she kissed Cry-Baby and he kissed her back i got so mad i ran right out the crowd i hoped no one followed me because i wanted to be alone, i wanted to leave and never come back i never wanted to see Cry-Baby again! While i was runing away Cry-Baby and Alison just got done with their song. Cry-Baby went looking for me when he got to the crowd he asked his Grandma where i went \" she left Cry-Baby when she saw you and Alison kiss\" Romona said giving Cry-Baby a sad look. He called the Gang to look for me that's when i saw Pepper coming up to me, i was crying so hard i couldn't tell her to stay away from me i just ran into her arms and cried my eyes out. \" shhh it's ok Bells it's ok\" she said rubbing my back \" Ok?, how can everything be ok?, Pep Cry-baby used me \" i said choking on my tears \" no he didn't Bella, he loves you it was Alison that used him\" Pepper said pulling back to look at me \" what?\" i asked wipeing my tears away so i can see better \" Alison... that sult cheated on Cry-Baby with someone that was so called badder then him when i told him about an hour before you and you brothers came he broke up with Alison and he really wanted you so i told him to ask you and he did didn't he?\" Pepper asked me \" yeah Kinda, but he said he wanted me to be his girl and then Alison kisses him on stage i got so mad i thought he ment me?\" i said sobbing alittle \" he did!, When Alison saw you guys making-out she got mad and said that she was going to get her Cry-Baby back, that's why she went up there and kissed him \" Pepper said hugging me tight \"Oh\" i said not caring how i sounded \"Are you ready to head back to the Jamburee?\" Pepper asked i nodded my head yes,not trusting my voice. When me and Pepper got back the whole gang ran up to us and started huging me \"Are you all right Bella?\" i heard Wanda ask \" yeah im fine\" i said huging her back when they left to do other things i heard Pepper yell out \" Cry! Baby-y-y!\" wherever he was he heard her because he came as soon as she stoped \" what is it Pepper?\" he asked \" Bella,i found her she's over there\" she anwsered and pointed at me. I turned around when Cry-Baby looked my way,i felt something warm touch my shoulder i turned around and rapped my arms around Cry-Baby's waste. He chuckled above me and rapped his arms around me and held me close \" im sorry about Alison Sugar\" he said stroking my hair i didn't say anything i just reached up to cup his face and kissed him full force i think he got the idea and kissed me back and pulled me close as humanly possible. At this point my arms were around his neck and his hands: one on the small of my back the other in my hair which i took out of the tie. My brothers,i could feel watching us. But i didn't care i was enjoying my moment with Cry-Baby. ","Summary":" Cry-Baby's Love Charaters: Cry-Baby,Allison,Isabella,Hatchet-Face,Millton,Wanda,Pepper,Ben,William "},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Pulp Fiction - Maggie","Author":"Charlie841","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12421313","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a busy morning at work. Maggie was doing the usual. This was not a job she particularly liked doing, but she earned ok wage and that was ok with her. \"Can I get anyone more coffee?\" \"Ah yes, thank you.\" She moved on to serve the customers waiting at the bar, coffee pot in hand. \"Hello, can i get anyone more coffee?\" \"Nah.\" She turned and started towards the back. That black man's clothes look a bit odd... \"Everybody be cool, this is a robbery.\" \"Any of you fucking pricks move, and i'll execute every one of ya motherfuckers.\" Hearing those words brought a wave of panic to Maggie. Why would anyone rob a coffee shop? What if she got killed? Who would look after her brother? The robbers moved into the kitchen. It was then that she noticed that the woman was the same one she had served before. She had seemed so nice. She dropped to the floor and tried to hide as best she could under the table. There was no way she was taking a bullet for her manager. \"In the bag.\" \"In the bag.\" She could just make out what the man was saying. \"Is that a cellular phone? In the fucking bag.\" She thought at this point that she could make a run for it. Could she make it without getting shot? Probably not. \"In the bag.\" The rest is almost a blur to Maggie. It seemed that the black man from before had taken a gun on the man. She hoped to god no one gets killed. She then watched as the couple left, then followed by the black man, who was accompanied by a man she didn't recognize. She watched as they stopped and put their guns in their pants. She watched as they left the cafe. THE END ","Summary":" It was a busy morning at work. Maggie was doing the usual. This was not a job she particularly like"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Bring Out the Gimp","Author":"Gonzo Illiterate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5388151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BringnOut the Gimp Zed :nBring out the Gimp. Maynard : Gimp's sleeping. Zed :nWell, I guess you're gonna have to go wake him up now, won't you? ---\"PulpnFiction\" theynopen the door the light comes in the light they gunna fuck me again theynbring me out and i can't breath none and they comin and im sleepingnbut im not no more cause there was the light andnthere some nigger in the chair and they gunna fuck him first i justnknow it theyndo that thing they do with the eeny meanie miney you and they takenthe nigger and they just go and take him and he's gone and they gunnanfuck him heh heh heh notnthis time, i say. not this time theresnthat bald motherfucker sittin in the chair and he got the ball in hisnmouth and he gunna get fucked next heh heh hehnhe's shakin around and there goes Zed in that bad room fucken thatnnigger heh heh and theres the baldy shakin and jerkin and he aint gotnno chance bangnbang bang goesnZed and the nigger inlaughen cuz look at that baldy he wont get out shitnhes out hisnfist goes back back back and then its in my face and i see his facenall hard and i see his fist all white and i see stars and i see thatnrope Maynard put on my neck and then i dont see nothin ","Summary":" BringnOut the Gimp Zed :nBring out the Gimp. Maynard : Gimp's sleeping. Zed :nWell, I guess you're "},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Pulp Fiction 2: Pulp Fictioner","Author":"Emperor B. Bast Bastillicus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7753633","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pulp Fiction 2: Pulp Fictioner Jules stared blankly at his meal, almost like a cat staring at a plate of unsatisfying meaty chunks, but not as beautiful. \"My God, what is this!\" he shouted at the very top of his average sized lungs. \"I asked for a burger! A tasty burger! This is a chicken leg, motherfucker!\" The waiter shook in his work boots. Except as a waiter, he should not have been wearing boots in the first place; he was seriously just ASKING for trouble. \"Oooooo, I'm sorry, sir. I thought you requested the chicke-\" Blam! Jules' pistol shot right through the waiter's chest. The waiter screamed, \"Aieeeeee-eee-eee!\" and then died because he was shot in the chest and that is quite difficult to recover from. \"I don't want no chicken, you racist fool\" his spit was flying almost everywhere! The sheer calamity! Marcellus was sitting opposite Jules at the table. At this point in time, Marcellus recalled when Jules had spat all over his Christmas turkey. That was NOT Marcellus' favourite Christmas. ","Summary":" Pulp Fiction 2: Pulp Fictioner Jules stared blankly at his meal, almost like a cat staring at a pla"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Jules","Author":"Leon durmiente","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5315036","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Jules no me pertenece, la cita tampoco. Si fuese mio ahora mismo sería rico. \" El camino del hombre recto está por todos lados rodeado por la injusticia de los egoístas y la tiranía de los hombres malos.\" Comenzaba a recitar las mismas palabras de siempre, esas palabras tras las cuales siempre moría alguien. Ezequiel, capítulo veinticinco, versículo diecisiete. De la línea original, yo lo había modificado en un pequeño discurso, a modo de epitafio, que me ayudaba a sentirme menos cabrón. Que hijo de puta era. \" Bendito sea aquel pastor que en nombre de la caridad y de la buena voluntad saque a los débiles del valle de la oscuridad, porque él es el auténtico guardián de su hermano y el descubridor de los niños perdidos.\" Otra frase más. Mientras miraba a los ojos a la siguiente víctima de mi arma, meditaba si era yo el pastor o uno de los tiranos. Si arrebataba vidas para salvar a los débiles o por puro placer. Ser un bendito capullo o un maldito hijo de puta, esa era la cuestión. \" Y les aseguro que vendré a castigar con gran venganza y furiosa cólera a aquellos que pretendan envenenar y destruir a mis hermanos.\" Era ahora cuando a mi víctima se le revelaba su destino. El cañón de mi arma lo apuntaba al entrecejo, mientras yo me reía por dentro. En ese momento yo sabía que no era un pastor, sino uno de los injustos egoístas, uno de los hombres malos que tiranizaban el mundo. \" Y tú sabrás que mi nombre es Yahvé, cuando caiga mi venganza sobre ti.\" Y descargué el cargador sobre mi víctima, sin piedad. El dejó de gritar, sólo se escuchaban los disparos. El cañón estaba caliente. Lo guardé y me di la vuelta. Sí, era un jodido capullo, pero no me sentía mal. Me alejé riendo, aceptando lo que ya sabía. Soy Jules Winnfield, un capullo hijo de puta. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Jules no me pertenece, la cita tampoco. Si fuese mio ahora mismo sería rico. \" El cami"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Don't Go There, Vince","Author":"BikerFujin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3891573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Go There, Vince… Chapter One/Introduction: Vince's Problem Okay, yeah, I know this is pretty odd, but hey, at least I'm updating again. Normally my fics have been, y'know, anime, KP, FFVIII, that sort of thing. But the other day I was watching Pulp Fiction and this idea just…happened. Yes, I –do- know what happens, and YES, this is an AU. Enjoy! Vincent Vega had a problem. That is, along with drugs, a shitty job, and a tendency to \"accidentally\" shoot people. This new problem made all those others insignificant. In fact, if the wrong people found out about said problem, he would be in deep shit, fired, or maybe even shot dead on sight. This wasn't just any problem. Vince was in love with his boss's wife. His boss was Marsellus Wallace, so this was inexplicably bad. Wallace was jealous and ridiculously overprotective. Rumor had it some guy got thrown out a window over a foot massage. But hey, that's just a rumor. Still, Wallace was a dangerous man. Vince knew this, had witnessed it many times. So he had a clue precisely how much shit he would be in. That didn't change the facts. Mia was intriguing. Intelligent. Smoking-hot. One date with her had driven him crazy, although he would never admit it aloud. But…It would never work. Never. This didn't stop Vince from waking up at an ungodly hour that night from a dream that was, to say the least, very interesting. He looked at the alarm, swore vividly, and stared into a pillow. The whole situation was his own damn fault. He had, after all, been given a choice. He could've said no….right? Then again, Marsellus could've shot him for that, too. Refusing the boss wasn't a smart plan of action. Dammit, he thought. What the fuck was he going to do? Nothing, right now. It was too damn early. But for the moment, Vince thought he could deal with the dream. Or dreams. They were better than risking death. With that decision out of the way for now, Vincent Vega closed his eyes and tried to go back to sleep. ","Summary":" Don't Go There, Vince… Chapter One/Introduction: Vince's Problem Okay, yeah, I know this is pretty "},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"STOP THIEF!","Author":"Rammy-x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6619504","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first Cry-Baby fic. And quite honestly, I was more taken with the relationship of Hatchet-Face and Milton than I was of Cry-Baby and Allison. Sorry, Just saying! So this is a fic of how they started... in my opinion. (: -x- The bell rang its annoying droning ring, waking me up from my Algebra time nap. I stood up from my desk and stretched, sticking my never used number two pencil behind my ear. In doing so, I pushed a small tuft of my long hair out. I smoothed it back with my fingers and walked through the already empty classroom, save for the teacher, Mr. Fischer, to the door. Mr. Fischer called for my attention from his desk. \"Now, Mr. Hackett, you have been here at this school for over a month now, and I still have yet to receive any of the homework assignments from you. And you don't seem to be taking advantage of our class time here...\" He trailed off, not sure if anything was sticking. \"So...?\" I asked, trying not to get annoyed. \"So? I need to see some kind of work from you if you wish to even try and pass this class!\" My calm facade broke and I couldn't control my temper at that; all my tests came back with nothing less than an \"A\". \"Why should I even bother with this kind of work?\" I asked him, \"I was finding the square root of \"x\" times \"y\" three years ago, and I could do it in my sleep now! That is, if I wished to see your face, even after school hours.\" I enjoyed the shocked look on Mr. Fischers face, more than he knew. \"Well Mr. Hackett, if that's how you truly feel...\" \"It truly is.\" \"Then I have no choice but to stick you in detention with me after school every day this week.\" My smirk slipped into a sneer, \"I would love nothing better.\" Usually being a quiet person, I was a little shocked at myself for my audacity. But it was too late to apologize, I decided to just take my punishment in stride. -x- As I walked back into Mr. Fischer's classroom after the final bell rang, I saw no less than fifteen people sitting at the desks. I chose a seat next to a skinny boy I recognized from my English class second hour. He nodded at me, to show he noticed my presence, then went back to talking to the girl seated behind him. Even though I knew very little about the Drape/Square conflict; coming from Chicago, we only had civilians and gangsters; I could tell that everyone in the room was a Drape. The leather jackets with the popped collars, the tight skirts that had slits all the way to the thighs, blouses that were no more modest than a tick was big, and hair that was either styled in big curls that framed the girls' faces, or slicked back so tight that it seemed air rebounded off of it. And then I was kind of stuck in the middle; Not a Square, although my parents would love that, and not a Drape because I didn't look nearly cool enough. I had long hair, but it wasn't oiled in place, and I wore button down shirts with loose slacks. Nothing that looked bad, but also nothing that got me noticed, which was good. Being noticed was one of the things that I tried to avoid my whole life. I was about to lie my head onto my doodled on desk when the all mighty Mr. Fischer walked into the room. \"Alright, alright! Settle down!\" He called over the heads of the students. \"I need roll call.\" He announced, \"We'll spice it up a bit by going in alphabetical order... Backwards!\" He announced it like we would all get excited about it, like we were five, or something. \"Z, Zimmer.\" \"Here.\" A muscular boy with horn-rimmed glasses raised his hand. \"Y, Yates.\" \"Here.\" A very skinny, and extremely slutty looking girl raised her hand, then turned back to her friend. \"W, Woodward.\" \"Present, Mr. F.\" A very pretty, but heavily made-up girl answered him with a polite sneer. At this point, I thought he was just being redundant, until he called a \"P, Walker.\" and a very pretty, very pregnant girl answered before continuing a conversation with W, Woodward. He continued through his list until he got to a name no one took account for; and after he was completed with his list, he went back to the missed name, to see if they just hadn't heard their name. \"M, Malnorowski.\" Silence. \"M, Malnorowski?\" Mr. Fischer repeated. At the silence he got irritated, \"Where is Mona Malnorowski?\" \"She has the flu!\" P, Walker answered. \"She has band practice!\" W, Woodward supplied. \"She had to go get some facial surgery done!\" A one L, Frigid answered. And to my surprise, many glares were shot her way. I had no idea why, but no one seemed to like the attractive redhead... At all. \"Pepper. Do you know where Mona is?\" Mr. Fischer asked her, a little more personally. Probably to see if she had a straight answer for him. \"I'm not Hatchets mother, Mr. F. If you would like to ask her, though she would be the one standing in the parking lot selling cigarettes to your daughter.\" Mr. Fischer froze in his stance at his desk, then slowly turned to see, whom I could only assume was his daughter, standing with a white haired woman at a cigarette stand in the parking lot. \"You are all to remain here until I get back. And no talking!\" He stressed. Everyone sat in silence as he left... Until the door snapped shut, then everyone erupted in excited chatter. \"Nice one, Pep!\" Someone gave P, Walker a high-five. Everyone, except one girl, avoided L, Frigid. She must not be very popular with the crowd, unlike this Pepper. Being someone who is kept to themselves and quiet has its perks, but it also has its downfalls. I was in the solitude that I craved, but on the same coin, I didn't know anyone or their reputation. Even if they were the most popular person in the school, I had no idea who they were. Until the \"Crew\" talked to me. At that point in time, my whole life changed. -x- Yes, no, maybe? i would like some feedback on this! D: i do love this movie soooo much! but i wanted to dive deeper into how Milton fell so deeply in love with someone so like Hatchet. (: ahh, i love love stories! ahaa. Review, please. it makes me want to update fasterrr![Chapter 2] its been a while! D; gahh. im sorry! i've just been so busy with my move and all. but its going up right now! :D so hopefully you all get to read this and enjoy it! im going to really try and get another chapter up sooner. but that prolly wont happen the way i want it to. :/ sorry. but anyways! enjoy this second chapter that i wrote on the fly, just to satisfy the shouting of angry reviewers! ;) chapter 2: I sat quietly in the corner of the third floor boys bathroom, smoking my last cigarette. I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to shake off the stress that I've been feeling. My stress at home, stress at school; today was day two of my week long sentence with the almighty Mr. Fischer. The pressure to be a perfect student and get good grades isn't helping any, either. Pair that with my parents need to have a perfect child, and you've got the mixins for a certifiable psychopath! My head inclined towards the door when I heard it squeal it's tell-tale song of someone entering. The use of this bathroom was discontinued when a cherry bomb was flushed down the center toilet; exploding the main that ran through the whole room. The mess was cleaned up, but never repaired. So now the third floor boys restroom was just the smokers outlet; where anyone could stick their nose out the window and inhale their cancer sticks. Where a few rebellious teens would risk the privacy between classes, and fool around in one of the stalls. Teachers assumed the room was terminally abandoned, for it was strictly against the student code to let anyone see you enter. Occasionally a stray teen would watch the room; and pound on the door if any teacher strayed close enough to smell the smoke or hear the talking. At that signal, everyone in the room would stick their hand out the window, or hold their breath. Pulling their feet up and locking the stall was also a common practice, just in case an adventurous staff member were to peek in and make sure all was well. I snuffed the cigarette and hid it behind my ear. If a teacher were to come in, my excuse would be a quiet place to read for the passing period. But it wasn't a teacher I was to worry about. At the noise of the door, three boys walked in. But not the usual smokers. These boys were squared. It was typically just drapes who frequented the oasis. The three slim squares sauntered in, looking smug. \"So, Drape,\" Square number one smiled, \"How do you like it in detention?\" \"Not so bad, Honestly. Makin' new friends!\" I smiled right back at them. \"And I'm not a drape.\" I defended myself. \"Well you are most certainly not a square!\" Square number two sneered. He then pulled a switch blade from his back pocket and held it eye level. \"How about a haircut, Drape?\" Square number three chuckled like a mindless goon, as he leaned foreword and grabbed my forearms. Number one was behind me soon afterwards, pinning me to the wall. I couldn't struggle; they held me too tightly to the wall. Just then the high pitched squeal, that seemed to only echo the bathroom, rather than the hall, sounded the alarm. I was able to break free with the moments distraction. And I ran right into a buff kid with slicked back hair and a few tattoos. I'd seen the guy from around the school before. Clearly a Drape; but I had no clue to who he was. A moment later, under the cover of the same squeal two girls walked in right behind him. I recognized the girls from detention, Pepper and W, Woodward. \"What do you think you're doing here?\" The guy asked, obviously peeved that the squares would try anything on what I could only assume was 'His' turf. \"Go on, get!\" He waved his hands, trying to get the guys to leave. Square number three ran almost immediately. It was so very obvious that he was not the leader of the three, the trio of drapes let him pass. But the other two stuck it out, still wearing their smug expressions, like a child who just bragged about stealing a cookie from the cookie jar, without being caught. Pepper went to step foreword, her fists clenched. She looked as if she was going to kick some major square ass, but the guy held his left arm out, stopping her from cracking a couple a skulls. \"No need, Pep.\" He said to her, \"These boys were just leaving, weren't you?\" He asked the question directly; daring them to defy him. His right hand lingered near his back pocket, where he, no doubt, carried his own blade. With their eyes watching his left hand, the squares backed out of the bathroom. Their eyes never left the drape as they left; although a few curses could be heard as the door closed behind them. When the door was securely closed behind them, I whispered, \"Thanks.\" I shuffled over to where the lock of my hair layed on the floor. \"A rusty blade slips quick,\" I muttered as I kicked the small pile of brown hair, spreading it out on the faded yellow linoleum. \"No problem. The names Cry-Baby. Cry-Baby Walker. And these are two of my three Cry-Baby girls, Wanda,\" He gestured to the skinny blonde that was wrapped in a skin-tight dress and made up to be extremely beautiful. \"And this is Pepper.\" \"A Player, I see. Three girls all to yourself?\" I asked, half joking. Cry-Baby laughed, \"Pepper is my sister. Watch out, though, She may be pregnant, but she can still whoop some ass.\" He smiled at her, wrapping his arm around her shoulders, \"And Wanda there wouldn't pine after me. She's got too much pride than to do that!\" He chuckled again. \"And I've got too much respect to go after Hatchet.\" I made a mental note that he may be badass, but he still respects the people around him. And that made me respect him. i hope you liked it! but if you do read it, even after i messed up with the poor updating, im sure you would let me know, right? Right? good. Goodnight (:[Chapter 3] It's been a while. I know. And it is entirely my fault. Alas, however, it is done, and it is here. Thank you for waiting for me! (: My productivity levels were at maximum percentage. In three of the five days I had in detention I had caught up on all the homework I missed from Mr. Fischers class. The look on his face was entirely worth the next two days of empty detention. I still hadn't met this Hatchet girl, but I had been invited to sit and talk with Pepper and Wanda. Pepper lived with her brother, Grandmother, Uncle, and her own two children in a place she called \"Turkey Point\". And she was due with this child in two months. Wanda lived with her parents, who like mine were squared. Hers though, were completely oblivious to her lifestyle choices. We had a good chat untill Mr. Fischer dismissed us at a quarter after four. I departed from my new friends in the parking lot, and walked in the direction of my home. Quietly talking to myself. I was thinking about how well the last week had gone, and didn't hear the foot steps behind me. Two of the three squares from the other day grabbed me under my arms, and hauled me off into the little patch of courtyard on the side of the school. \"Not so tough now, without your little ruffian buddies, are you, Drape?\" One sneered. The second one that was holding down my legs snickered. \"So,\" One pulled his blade out again, \"How about that hair cut I owe you?\" He waved the blade in front of my nose. \"Hey boys,\" A very seductive voice called from the drooping willow not ten yards away. \"I bet mine's bigger than your's!\" I strained to look around at who was talking but all I caught was a flash of white-blond hair and a hot pink dress that showed nothing but curves, this heroine of mine was definitely a drape. \"What's this? A regular Wonder Woman, showing up here?\" Two sneered from on top of my knees. \"I said, I bet mine is bigger than your's,\" She chuckled as she slid a large knife out of her bossom. Where she had stored it, I could have only guessed, but it did the trick. The Squares fell backwards off of me, and scrambled to get a few feet away. The blade had obviously startled them. \"Do you want me to show you what it is capable of?\" She smiled sweetly; she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself. With no response, the boys got to their feet, and left. No snide comments over their shouders, no obscene genstures, nothing. They just walked away. \"Hiya, Cutie!\" She squatted and offered me her hand. I took the offer and pulled myself up. Her toned arms did not escape my notice. My eyes traced up her arms and over her partially exposed cleavage, past her blond curles that I wished I could tangle my fingers in, on up to her gorgeous face. \"Hiya.\" I replied a little too breathlessly. \"May I ask who my savior is, this fine afternoon?\" I tried to be smooth. \"The names Mona. But I go a little more infamously by Hatchet-Face.\" She smiled a slightly crooked, but totally endearing smile. \"So we meet at last?\" I asked. \"I have heard a bit about you.\" I smiled back at her. There was something about her permanently raised eyebrow that made me shiver. She was by no means perfect, but in every way she was. \"Well would you care to walk a Lady home?\" She held out her hand, and I offered her my elbow. \"It would be my pleasure.\" I said smiling, still a little dazed at her sudden rescue. She wrapped her hand around the crease of my elbow. \"Where to, Madame?\" She laughed and lead me off to the direction I was already headed before I was interrupted. ","Summary":" This is my first Cry-Baby fic. And quite honestly, I was more taken with the relationship of Hatche"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Vincent Vega's Dilemma","Author":"Michael Vega","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3181515","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VINCENT VEGA'S DILEMMA Starring: Vincent Vega, Rod Parker, Alice Preston, and Jules Winnfield - - - - - - - - - - V incent Vega went careening down the cracked street through the slum of old Los Angeles in the dirty old fuel guzzling sorry-excuse-for-a-Chevy that he was borrowing. His face and hands were smeared in blood, as was his white shirt soaked. Despite all the chaos that had just erupted around him, he'd managed to keep his cell phone by his side. Quickly dialing the number, Vincent put the phone to his ear and waited for a response. \"Yeah?\" answered a deep voice from the other end. \"It was an ambush!\" Vincent yelled into the phone, \"A fucking ambush, man! She knew exactly when we were gonna be there and she was fucking waiting for us!\" \"Are you okay?\" \" What! \" Vincent screamed back, \"Do I sound fucking okay to you!\" \"No.\" \"Yeah, well that's cause I'm not! Rod's dead ! Rod's dead… and I'm… I'm lucky to still be alive!\" \"Where's Alice?\" \"She's dead too. Her body's in my truck.\" \"Are you getting rid of it?\" \"Don't worry, I'll take care of it! Are… are you even listening to me? Rod Parker is dead ! But I'm telling you… she knew we were coming! She had a full arsenal and everything, waiting to blow Rod and I to Hell when we arrived. She… I finally managed to kill her, but it wasn't easy.\" \"Okay. Where's Rod?\" \"Rod's still back at the apartment. You need… Jesus, man… you need to get rid of his body pronto.\" \"Why didn't you take his body with you?\" \"His body is the least of our problems! First thing you might want to start worrying about is the apartment, which – at the current moment – is flooded with blood! It's everywhere, man! Across the fucking windows, the carpet, the wall, the ceiling… and the neighbors are bound to have heard the gunfire! I'm telling you, man… you better hurry!\" \"Alright. I'll put someone on it.\" \"Thank you. What do you want me to do with Alice's body?\" \"I dunno. Just get rid of it. And I never want it to come back to haunt me, so when I say get rid of it… I mean get rid of it .\" \"Alright. Don't worry.\" Then he hung up. And that was that. - - - - - - - - - - R od Parker was lying dead on the blood splattered living room rug, and the woman Vincent had come here for was now sitting on the couch next to him. \"It's a damn shame.\" Vincent told her, \"He was a really good guy. I mean… I didn't know him that well. But what I did know of him, he… he was a good guy. Fuckin' shame.\" Vincent pulled out a self-rolled cigarette (he always kept a couple of them in the inside pocket of his coat), clicked on his silver lighter, and lit his smokes. \"You want one?\" He held one out to the woman, who took it and stuck it in her mouth. \"Thanks.\" she told him, and Vincent leaned over and lit it. She took a puff, and he snapped the lighter shut again. The two sat back for a moment then, just thinking of everything that had just transpired. \"So I guess I better get out of L.A.?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" Vincent nodded, \"Yeah… that would probably be a good idea.\" \"What about you, Vincent? Won't you get in trouble?\" \"Not if they don't find you. For all they know, you're dead. Remember?\" \"Yeah…\" the woman swallowed, \"Jesus – if they had sent anyone else, I might be dead right now.\" \"No. You would be dead right now.\" \"How… how did you know it was me, if you don't mind me asking?\" \"It was the Barracuda. There was the… you know... the scratch on the side. Remember when that happened? Me trying to fit between those two cars?\" Vincent and the woman both chuckled. \"Jesus.\" continued Vincent, \"That was a while ago.\" \"Peggy. Remember her?\" \"Yeah.\" Vincent laughed, \"I remember Peggy Sanders. 'Bout 5'3''? Short black hair? Reminded me of that Janet lady from Three's Company . Yeah – I remember her. What about her?\" \"That whole thing she had about the scratch and how she refused to talk to you cause of her car?\" \"Oh yeah… right.\" They shared that moment of silence, and then Vincent took a drag of his cigarette and stood up. \"But we have this whole thing we have to take care of.\" \"Right. The room. What are we gonna do?\" \"We need to make it look like you killed Rod Parker. So first thing… we need to make sure the bullet in his head isn't found.\" \"How are we gonna do that?\" \"I'm gonna need an axe.\" \"A what?\" \"An axe. A hatchet. Something big and sharp.\" \"Well I hate to break it to you, Vincent. But I'm not exactly accustomed to keeping big old axes in my two-roomed apartment.\" \"Well do you know where we can get one?\" \"I dunno. There might be one out by the fire escape. Hold on, I'll go check.\" \"Kay.\" The woman left the apartment for a moment. Vincent stood over Rod's dead body. One single shot to the head was all it had taken, and the guy had gone down immediately. Vincent then stood up, glanced around the apartment. The walls and ceiling, though crumbling they might have been, were white. \"Good.\" thought Vincent, \"Good.\" And he began inventing the story he was going to tell to Wallace: It was an ambush. She was waiting for us. She shot Rod. I managed to take the gun away, but she still had a hatchet nearby – which she used to hack at Rod, who wasn't entirely dead yet. She came at me, but I managed to take her down before she could do anything. He hadn't figured out the rest, but he was getting there. The woman returned axe-less. She shook her head as she re-entered the apartment, and exhaled. \"The fire escape didn't have one.\" \"Well fuck .\" swore Vincent, \"We need to do something. Make it look like you… whatdyacallit… ambushed us.\" \" Ambushed you?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Two hit men come barging in here with .45 automatics to kill me, a little owner of a dry cleaner's shop… and I ambush you ?\" \"After we're done, I doubt they'll be any loose ends.\" \"Vincent. You'd have to be a complete dumb ass to believe a story like that. I'm sorry, but that's just not that convincing.\" \"I can make it sound convincing.\" \"Yeah, maybe at first. But when your boss really thinks about it, he's gonna see how ridiculous that story is and then he's gonna confront you about it. If you can't cover your ass-\" \"I dunno. I've seen some pretty fucked up things in this job. I mean – I'd believe it if someone told me that-\" \"Yeah, well - that's not saying a lot, Vincent.\" \"Well then you think of an idea! 'Cause that's only thing I can think of!\" The woman thought for a moment. And, although she still considered this to be one of the stupidest ideas she'd ever heard, she also realized that Vincent was, in fact, correct. There didn't seem to be any other option (at least one that sounded more credible than Vincent's). \"Alright.\" the woman said, \"Fine. Here's what we'll do. You two entered, and I was still asleep-\" \"At 9 A.M.?\" \"Sometimes people like to sleep in.\" Vincent cocked his eyebrow. \"So…\" the woman continued, \"You and Rod enter the apartment. I'm still asleep, okay? But it's nine in the morning, and I'm ready to wake up at the slightest sound. The door opening wakes me up, I remove a .45 from my bedside table-\" \"That takes care of the gunshot.\" \"Yep. So I grab the gun. You two come in through my bedroom door. First – I shoot Rod in the stomach.\" With that - Vincent whipped out his .45, and pointed it straight down at Rod's stomach. BLAM! A section of Rod's belly exploded, showering the nearby walls with blood. The woman jumped, and then glanced up at Vincent - who was already holstering his pistol. \"Okay.\" said Vincent, \"What next?\" \"Right…\" the woman still seemed a little shocked, but managed to continue, \"I shoot him in the stomach.\" \"We've clearly established that.\" \"Yeah… okay. So he staggers back, still alive. I shoot him again – this time in the head.\" Vincent started to reach for his gun again, but stopped. \"Wait… he's already been shot there.\" \"Yeah. No need to do it again. He tumbles into the living room, falls on the floor. So we've got him where we want him to be. Now I'm about to come after you, but you get me first. A single shot to the head – please don't demonstrate – and I'm dead. You take me, put me in your trunk, dispose of my body, go home, have some breakfast, and you're set. Any questions?\" But Vincent seemed reluctant, and was shifting around uncomfortably from foot to foot. \"Vincent…?\" \"Doesn't that seem… I mean it just seems kinda simple.\" \"That's a good thing.\" \"I know. But… but it just seems like there could be too many holes that we're not seeing.\" \"Like what?\" \"Like… if you shot Rod in the belly when he was in your bedroom , than why is his intestines splattered across the living room wall?\" \"Well we could have corrected that if your trigger-happy finger hadn't decided to blow a hole in his belly while he was lying on the living room rug.\" \"Uh, yeah… sorry about that. I'll get you a new rug if you want.\" \"That's not my point! My point is: it's your fault this little loop hole has been created, which means it's your job to fix it.\" \"Okay.\" said Vincent, \"Here we go. Rod and I come in through the front door, but you're sitting in the living room watching the news. We're expecting you to be asleep, so the last thing we suspect is that you're going to be sitting there with your .45 automatic. You immediately shoot at us, Rod gets hit in the stomach, and-\" \"That… that's retarded.\" interrupted the woman, \"I don't sit and watch the morning news with a loaded gun on my lap.\" \"Alright, then I give up.\" Vincent exhaled, throwing his arms up, \"Why don't we just have you wake up from all the commotion of us trying to break into your apartment, take the gun out of your drawer, and come into the living room at the precise moment that we come in. This prompts you to instinctively react by shooting Rod in the stomach, then again in the head. He falls, I draw, you die. I take you to my car, bada bing bada boom… and the rest is history.\" The woman stood there for a moment in silence, reviewing Vincent's plan in her head. Finally, she smiled and nodded. \"That sounds good. Let's do it.\" \"Alright.\" said Vincent, \"So we've got the body in the place. Now all we have to do is get out of here.\" The woman nodded again. And at that moment, something passed between her and Vincent. But it was just for that moment. No longer. \"Thanks, Vincent.\" the woman said. \"You're welcome, Alice.\" Vincent replied. Only moments later, Vincent and Alice went strolling out of the apartment into the complex parking lot. \"So where are you going now?\" Vincent asked her. \"I dunno. Up north, maybe. Away from this place.\" Alice's 1973 Plymouth Barracuda sat in one of the parking slots. It caught Vincent's eye as they approached it. \"That really is a beautiful car.\" said Vincent, \"I'd give anything to drive it again.\" \"You can do it now if you want.\" \"Nah. I better not. Still got work to do.\" \"Right. Well I must say… I always thought that car would kill me. I never thought it would save my life.\" Vincent then stopped at the edge of the sidewalk. Alice continued down to the driver's door, pulled it open, stepped into the Barracuda and shut the door behind her. The engine started up moments later, and Alice rolled down her window. \"Well...\" said Vincent, \"Good luck. Keep in touch. Lemme know how you're doin' in a month or two.\" \"That I will.\" Alice promised him, \"Good bye, Vincent.\" \"Bye.\" Then she pulled out of the slot, put on the gas, turned out of the apartment complex and onto the main road, then went driving off into the morning sunlight. Vincent stood there for a moment, thinking about everything that had just happened. Somehow or another, Rod's blood had managed to squirt from his stomach all the way up to Vincent's face. He wiped his hand across his forehead, getting his hand slightly bloody, though noticed that the majority of it had already dribbled down onto his white shirt. \"Shit.\" Vincent said aloud, \"I look like a fucking axe murderer.\" Slowly, he crossed the parking lot over to where an old white Chevy was parked. He opened the driver's door, crawled in, and shut it behind him. \"Alright…\" he told himself, \"You can do this.\" Wasting not another second, Vincent turned the keys in the ignition and revved the engine. As soon at it had the means to, the Chevy shot backwards out of the slot and came to a grinding halt. Then, its tires squealing, Vincent put the Chevy in drive and went tearing out of the parking lot, making a sharp right out onto the main road. He went careening down the cracked street through the slum of old Los Angeles in the dirty old fuel guzzling sorry-excuse-for-a-Chevy that he was borrowing. His face and hands were smeared in blood, as was his white shirt soaked. Despite all the chaos that had just erupted around him, he'd managed to keep his cell phone by his side. Quickly dialing the number, Vincent put the phone to his ear and waited for a response. \"Yeah?\" answered a deep voice from the other end. \"It was an ambush!\" Vincent yelled into the phone, \"A fucking ambush, man! She knew exactly when we were gonna be there and she was fucking waiting for us!\" \"Are you okay?\" \" What! \" Vincent screamed back, \"Do I sound fucking okay to you!\" \"No.\" \"Yeah, well that's cause I'm not! Rod's dead ! Rod's dead… and I'm… I'm lucky to still be alive!\" \"Where's Alice?\" \"She's dead too. Her body's in my truck.\" - - - - - - - - - - T he old Chevy slowly pulled off the main road into the \"North Hollywood Oaks\" apartment complex. It reminded Rod Parker of a Best Western hotel in the middle of Arizona. The man in his passenger seat, a cheap laid-back hit man with long greasy black hair named Vincent Vega, lived in one of these already (it was on the other side of town, but that didn't make a difference), so he didn't associate it with anything else other than the complex that he himself lived in. \"This the place?\" asked Vincent. \"Apparently.\" Rod replied. \"Hey, man. Don't give me that. We need to be sure this is the place. I don't wanna be hitting the wrong apartment.\" \"Well… you got the address?\" \"No, I didn't bring it. I thought you were gonna bring it.\" \"What? I never said I was gonna bring it.\" \"I know, but I thought maybe you… you know… were gonna bring it.\" \"No, man. I didn't bring it.\" \"Well shit.\" Rod looked exasperated, \"Okay, look. She drives a Plymouth Barracuda. It'll probably be parked in front of her apartment, so just… just watch for one of those. Okay?\" \"Plymouth Barracuda.\" said Vincent, looking surprised, \"No kidding?\" \"Nope.\" \"What year?\" \"Hell if I know. Early seventies, maybe. It's a classic. Nice ass car. Wait… there it is.\" On the other side of the parking lot, sitting in one of the slots, was a black 1973 Plymouth Barracuda. Rod pulled the Chevy into a nearby slot, and stopped the engine. Vincent loaded his own .45 automatic pistol, and then he and Rod stepped out of the car. \"Where's your gun?\" Vincent asked, slamming the car door behind him. \"You already asked me that.\" \"Oh yeah...\" Rod popped open the trunk of the car, reached in, pulled out his own pistol, then shut the trunk and looked up at Vincent. \"Do you remember what floor it was on?\" Rod asked. \"No. But it was twenty-something, I think. So what would that make it? Second floor?\" \"Yeah, probably. Well, wait…\" Rod glanced around, \"No, that would still be the first floor. Oh hell, I dunno. You see where that Barracuda's parked?\" \"Yeah…\" \"It's either parked in front of the door on the first floor or the door on the second floor, right? So whichever one starts with the number two… that's probably the one we're looking for, right?\" \"Makes sense.\" \"Good. Let's go.\" The two crossed the parking lot over to where the Barracuda was parked. With every step, Vincent was getting more uneasy about this. But everything seemed to be in order… so why such an edgy feeling? Knocking people off was a daily activity for Vincent, and he had never had this feeling before. Never. So why should this be any different? \"Nice car.\" Rod remarked, as he and Vincent slipped by the Barracuda, \"Hey, Vince? You want a new car?\" \"I'm already getting one.\" Suddenly – he saw it. A long distinct scratch across the Barracuda's driver's door. Vincent stopped cold in his tracks. Oh my God. \"I don't believe it.\" he said aloud. Immediately, Vincent knew what was wrong. And suddenly this thought crossed him that maybe they were about to kill someone who's life was actually worth something. He'd never had this dilemma before. It had always been the same deal: enter, eliminate, leave. But this time… this time he was having second thoughts. \"Vincent!\" Vincent's head snapped up at the sound of Rod's voice. Suddenly he realized that he'd been standing still for the last few seconds, staring at the long scratch across the driver's door. He blinked a few times, and then continued toward the apartment doors. \"Sorry…\" said Vincent. Rod was giving him a strange look. \"You okay?\" \"Uh…\" Vincent seemed hesitant, \"I dunno. Something… something doesn't seem right about this.\" \"Vincent,\" Rod said, stopping and looking at his friend, \"There's nothing to worry about. She owns a dry cleaning shop. I wouldn't worry much about retaliation.\" \"No, it's not that. It's… it's something else. I… I dunno if I can go through with this.\" Rod didn't even respond. Vincent Vega saying he couldn't go through with a knock off was on par with Dave Starsky saying he was gonna get a flattop. It just didn't happen. \"What do you mean?\" Rod asked. \"I mean I don't know if I can kill the person in that apartment.\" \"Why not?\" \"It's just… it's a long story. But I don't think I can do it.\" \"Vince – this is your job. If you do not do this, Marsellus will have both our asses served up on a silver platter with French fries and ketchup. You want that to happen?\" \"No.\" \"Okay. Then let's do this.\" Vincent just gave a hesitant nod. The two of them approached the apartment door on the ground floor. A pair of numbers nailed on the wall to the right of the door read: 27. Rod glanced over at Vincent, and raised his eyebrows. \"This must be the place.\" \"Yup.\" Vincent and Rod both clicked the safety off their pistols and placed their fingers on the trigger. \"Ready?\" asked Rod. \"Yup.\" BLAM! Rod blew a hole through the cheap door lock, and the door creaked open. The two hit men stepped into the living room. It was a tiny place. The white living room was obviously the main room, adjoined directly to the kitchen – which was tidy as possible. A door at the back of the living room obviously connected to the room to a bedroom, and it was this door that the two men went for. Upon approaching it, Rod blew the door off its hinges and the two of them went into the bedroom. \"You know…\" said Vincent, \"That wasn't entirely necessary. The door wasn't locked.\" \"Oh.\" But their target, a young woman, was nowhere to be seen. The bed was unmade, indicating to them that she was still in the apartment. But it wasn't at first apparent where she had gone. \"Where is she?\" asked Vincent. His question was immediately answered by the sound of running water – the bathroom shower. \"She's in the shower.\" And before he'd even finished that sentence, Rod went for the bathroom door. Deciding not to waste his bullets, he instead yanked open the door and stepped in. The woman, standing naked in the shower, barely had time to let out a surprised gasp before Rod had grabbed her wrist and yanked her out in the bedroom. \" What are you doing? \" the woman screeched, resisting against Rod's powerful grip. \"Shut up.\" was all Rod said. He dragged the woman out of the bedroom and back into the living room. This whole time, Vincent stood there doing nothing. He wasn't sure what he should do, because while his job was telling him to do one thing – his feeling was to do something else. \" Help! \" the woman screamed, just as Vincent stepped back into the living room. \"Sorry bout this, lady.\" Rod told her, obviously not sorry at all. With that, he aimed his pistol straight down at her forehead and was about to pull the trigger… \"Rod.\" whispered Vincent. Rod glanced up, and suddenly found himself staring straight into the barrel of Vincent's .45 automatic. \"Vincent. What are you doing?\" BLAM! Vincent fired. Rod's face blasted apart, his head was immediately thrown backwards, and the contents of his head spattered across the living room rug as he crashed to the ground – instantly dead. Vincent was silent for a moment, then took several deep breaths, and holstered his pistol. The naked woman was still lying on the ground, obviously petrified beyond comprehension. Vincent took a moment, and then slowly looked down at her. \"Your name wouldn't happen to be Alice Preston, would it?\" he asked. A look of astonishment suddenly crossed the woman's face. \"Alice Preston?\" she repeated, \"Yes… that… that's me. Why? Who… who are you?\" \"It's me.\" Vincent managed to say, \"Vincent Vega.\" Alice's look suddenly changed from astonishment to utter disbelief. \"Vincent Vega?\" she choked, \"I don't… I don't believe it.\" \"Believe it.\" said Vincent, and took a seat on the living room couch, \"If it wasn't me, you'd be dead right now.\" \"Vincent… what… what happened to you?\" she stuttered. \"I'm a hit man.\" he told her, in a matter-of-factly voice, \"This morning… I dunno. I was supposed to kill you. But then I… I mean when they told me, I didn't know it was you. All I was told was this address and that I was supposed to kill the single resident, who lived by herself. I didn't know it was you. And when I found out… I dunno… I just couldn't go through with it.\" \"You were hired to kill me?\" Alice asked, \"But… but why?\" \"I dunno. I go where I'm told, kill who I'm told, and don't ask questions. You're lucky I figured out it was you.\" \"But… but why didn't you-\" \"Because I remember how you treated me. Really nice. I appreciated it so much… I just didn't… I couldn't find it in myself to kill you.\" Alice slowly stood up, walked over to Vincent, and sat down next to him. \"But won't your boss be mad that you killed one of your own guys?\" she asked. \"He's not gonna find out.\" said Vincent, \"And even if he did – he would be more mad at me for not killing you, than he would be for me killing Rod.\" \"So what are we gonna do?\" \"First off – I think you should go put some clothes on.\" \"Okay. Hold on…\" Although she went back into the other room to change, she could still hear Vincent talking. \"You need to leave L.A. as soon as possible.\" Vincent continued, \"If they find out you're still alive, they'll kill me and kill you.\" \"I'll leave right now.\" Alice shouted from the other room, \"I've can come back later for my possessions.\" \"No.\" Vincent said, \"I mean… yes – most definitely leave now. But have someone send you your stuff. Don't come back for them.\" \"Alright…\" Moments later, Alice came back into the living room fully clothed. She sat back down on the couch next to Vincent, who was staring at Rod's body – wondering what exactly he was going to do now. The first step, he knew, was analyzing exactly what his situation was. Rod Parker was lying dead on the blood splattered living room rug, and the woman Vincent had come here for was now sitting on the couch next to him. \"It's a damn shame.\" Vincent told her, \"He was a really good guy. I mean… I didn't know him that well. But what I did know of him, he… he was a good guy. Fuckin' shame.\" Vincent pulled out a self-rolled cigarette (he always kept a couple of them in the inside pocket of his coat), clicked on his silver lighter, and lit his smokes. \"You want one?\" He held one out to the woman, who took it and stuck it in her mouth. \"Thanks.\" she told him, and Vincent leaned over and lit it. She took a puff, and he snapped the lighter shut again. The two sat back for a moment then, just thinking of everything that had just transpired. - - - - - - - - - - T he garage door flew open, and the two men came strolling in. \"..but I want it back without a scratch, or I'll beat your motherfuckin' ass to the ground. We clear?\" said the first one. He was black, had an afro, and looked like a cop straight out of a 1960's television show. But he wasn't a cop. Far from it, in fact. His name was Jules Winnfield, and he was about as cheap a gun for hire as the man who walked in beside him: Vincent Vega. \"Don't worry.\" Vincent assured him, \"You're car is gonna be fine. It's not involved.\" \"It better not be. Strictly transportation. I don't want no dead bodies in the trunk or any shit like that.\" \"No dead bodies?\" Vincent whined, \"Than what the fuck are we supposed to do with them? Drag 'em behind the car?\" \"Okay fine.\" Jules told him, \"But I want all the blood and brains and shit cleaned out when you're done.\" \"Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Don't worry bout it.\" \"Whatdya mean don't worry bout it ? I'm gonna worry about until I get my car back and it doesn't look an army ambulance on D-Day. As a matter of fact – why don't ya go get your own motherfuckin' car to haul around dead motherfuckers?\" \"Yeah, I'm workin' on it. I got my eye on this Malibu. A friend of mine is one of them used car guys. You know… the guys who usually walk around in coats and ties and tell you their piece of shit cars are actually worth buying?\" \"Yeah…\" \"Anyways – he's gettin' me a pretty good deal.\" \"How much?\" \"I dunno yet. But he said it was gonna be a pretty fuckin' good deal. Even if it's not, though – it's not I buy a new car annually. In fact, last car I had was when I was in high school. That's how long it's been.\" \"You went to school?\" \"Shut up, smart ass.\" \"No seriously? Did you graduate?\" \"No, of course not. I left the third year, but I had a car for a little while. It was a 1973 Plymouth… uh… Barracuda.\" \"You still have it?\" \"If I still had it, I'd be driving it.\" Vincent replied, giving Jules a stupid look. \"Why'd you get rid of it?\" \"I gave it to a friend of mine.\" \"Whoawhoawhoa…\" Jules had to blink a few times to see if he was awake, \"Wait a second. You gave your 1973 Plymouth Barracuda… lemme repeat that – GAVE your Barracuda to a friend? Maybe it's just me and my personal sense of worth, but doesn't giving your friend a car – especially when the giver is someone in your rather limited financial situation… god knows what it was like in high school – doesn't giving a car away seem a little… how do I put it without sounding like a motherfuckin' prick... excessive ?\" \"No. She was, you know, a friend when I needed one. I mean I know it sounds kind of pathetic, but you know. I dunno. Alice. That was her name. Anyway she… you know how they have those shitty high school dances - like prom and shit?\" \"Yeah. I wasn't born yesterday.\" \"Yeah well, I dunno if you ever went to one of those things alone, but you kinda start to feel like a loser if no one wants to dance with you. But I had it doubly 'cause no one wanted to dance with me even when I asked them to.\" Jules chuckled, seeming not too surprised. \"What's so funny?\" \"Nothing. Continue.\" \"Nah, man. You're fuckin' laughing at me! I'm not gonna tell a story if all you're gonna do is laugh at it!\" \"Sorry, man. I'm just amused by your story.\" \"Yeah, fine. Well to make a long story short, Alice was the only person there who seemed to find me to be an okay guy, you know? We got our picture taken and everything. So we because friends and shit and maybe went out a few times, and that's really bout it. So when I was done with school, I gave her my car to thank her.\" \"Man, I've seen women driving cars. That's nothing but a motherfuckin' disaster. She probably totaled your car ten minutes after you gave it to her.\" \"Didn't have much a chance.\" Vincent chuckled, \"I kinda did it for her.\" \"What?\" \"Yeah… a big old motherfuckin' dent. Right across the driver's door.\" \"Shit…\" \"Yeah, I was pretty pissed.\" \"Either way, it was a car. I mean… you don't just give away a car. That's insane.\" \"That's not insane! What she did really meant a lot me. I mean… okay, if it had made me homeless or something for some reason… then yeah – I could see where it might be insane. But look at me now! I'm not homeless or nothin'.\" \"No. You're one step up.\" \"Fuck – I think you're tryin ´ to piss me off.\" \"And since I'm the one letting you use my car to drive your recently deceased around in, it is within my written rights to piss you off if I damn well please.\" With that, Jules dangled the keys from his fingers in front of Vincent's face. \"Just don't scratch it up.\" \"Don't worry.\" said Vincent, as he snatched the keys and stepped into the car. \"Man, would you stop sayin' that?\" \"Saying what?\" \" Don't worry . It's pissing me off. Don't ever say it again.\" \"Don't worry.\" replied Vincent, and immediately drove off before Jules could reply. Vincent turned out onto the main road and drove for a few moments, thinking about today's assignment. His boss, Marsellus Wallace, had made it perfectly clear what he was supposed to do: \"It's a small apartment, number 27, in the North Hollywood Oaks apartment complex building in North Hollywood. There's only one resident there. A woman, dry cleaner store owner, and she doesn't usually leave her house until a little after ten A.M., so you should have plenty of time. I want her vanished from the face of this planet without a trace. I gave Rod Parker all the other information you need. He's gonna be working with you on this one, clear? Good. Let me know once it's done.\" Vincent picked Rod Parker up a few minutes later. \"Move over. I'm driving.\" Rod told him when he got there. Vincent scooted into the passenger seat, and Rod took over. Then off they went. Crossing town was relatively easy that early in the morning, due to the relatively small amount of traffic they were considering. \"You ever consider getting a new car?\" Rod asked, not even glancing over at his passenger. \"It's not my car. Why?\" \"Why do you think? It's a piece of shit car.\" \"Yeah, well, like I said… it's not mine.\" \"Whose is it?\" \"Jules'.\" \"Who?\" \"Jules Winnfield. He's a black guy? Afro?\" \"I think I know him.\" \"So tell me about the target.\" Vincent interrupted. He had no desire to go through this whole car discussion a second time. \"Why's she a target?\" \"Hell if I know.\" said Rod, \"Marsellus doesn't tell me shit like that. All I know is that she owns a dry cleaning shop, lives alone… lived in L.A. her whole life. Hell, that sums up just about everything.\" \"Name? Age? Anything?\" \"Nope. I really wasn't told much. Just where to find her and what to do when I get there.\" \"Enter. Eliminate. Exit.\" replied Vincent, \"Stick to those rules and you can't go wrong.\" With that, Vincent snapped open the cheap lid to the glove compartment and shoved his hand into the box. His hand shuffled around for a few seconds, knocking several small items out onto the floor in the process (just for the record, the objects were: a receipt for Greasy Joe's Steak House, one of those little plastic trolls with the purple hair, a pencil, and a coupon for gas), before he finally found what he was feeling around for: a .45 automatic. \"There's only one in here.\" \"I put mine in the trunk.\" \"Oh.\" Then he clicked the compartment shut again. \"Hey, hey…\" he told Rod, as his eyes shifted from the closed compartment to the windshield, \"I think this is where you wanna make that turn. Yeah… look there's a sign for North Hollywood Oaks apart-\" \"Yes, Vincent, I'm not blind.\" Rod assured him, \"Thank you.\" The old Chevy slowly pulled off the main road into the \"North Hollywood Oaks\" apartment complex. It reminded Rod of a Best Western hotel in the middle of Arizona. Vincent lived in one of these already (it was on the other side of town, but that didn't make a difference), so he didn't associate it with anything else other than the complex that he himself lived in. \"This the place?\" asked Vincent. \"Apparently.\" Rod replied. - - - - - - - - - - J ules Winnfield was waiting in his garage, when a blood-soaked Vincent Vega came driving up in the Chevy. The white car sputtered into the garage, then came to a stop. Vincent climbed out, Jules watching him. \"Fuck, man.\" said Jules, \"What happened to you?\" \"Ambush.\" Vincent told him, \"The target knew we were coming, man. Rod didn't make it.\" \"Who?\" \"But it's okay… I made it out. The target's dead… I've disposed of her body… cleaned the trunk and everything.\" Jules clicked open the trunk and looked inside. \"Wow. That was a pretty fuckin' good cleanin' job, man. So good, in fact, that I have a hard time imagining that a body was even in here in the first place.\" And as he said those words, he gave Vincent a slight knowing look. Vincent didn't even notice. \"Good.\" commented Vincent, \"That's what you wanted, remember?\" Then with a cock of the eyebrow and a slight grin, Vincent Vega turned and walked out into the morning sunlight. ","Summary":" VINCENT VEGA'S DILEMMA Starring: Vincent Vega, Rod Parker, Alice Preston, and Jules Winnfield - - -"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Son of a Preacher Man","Author":"Brunette Inc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3738276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If this is looking familiar to you -- it should. I'm moving many of my one-shots to this account. Author's Note: So I pretty much submitted this movie as a category (well, I was at least one of them), so I figure I'm obligated to write a story here! Anyhow. So Pumpkin is hands down my favorite character. Partly because I love Tim Roth, partly because ... he's pretty awesome. So ... on with the story! Disclaimer: Yeah ... definitely don't own it. But I love Quentin Tarantino, if that counts for anything. Obviously, too, the title is the same as the Dusty Springfield song used in the movie. Son of a Preacher Man Some pretty fucked-up things run through a fellow's head when there's a gun pointed in his face. I mean, you'd think I'd be used to it; I've had a lot of fucking guns shoved against my temple or pressed up against my forehead. I've even held it there myself once or twice. But most the time, when a barrel's in your face, you had some inclination of it coming. You saw the holster, the badge, the tough look, something tipped you off. Something says, this bastard shouldn't be fucked around with. But this guy ... with his volleyball T-shirt and quiet eyes, when he pulls a .45 out of his fuckin' gym shorts, you just don't have the thinking time to see it coming. I was staring down that shiny black metal, but I was seeing a thousand things at once. It's happened too many times for me life to flash before me eyes, or whatever shit they tell you about in the movies. I'm pretty sure that splendid memory shit didn't happen the first time, either. I wasn't thinkin' about the first time some asshole waved a gun in my face. To be honest, I wasn't really thinking much of anything. It was just like ... like sunlight. Like when you squit into the sun and everything's real white and it hurts, after about a second. Something different happens, every time some jackass points a gun at you. But somewhere in your head, it's the same thing. Somewhere in your head, you're saying to yourself, \"I have to get out of this. Any way I can, I have to get out 'a this.\" Reasons change. One time, I fucking swear, holding up a gas station in TJ, this beaner whips out a .44 -- a fucking ... you know like in Taxi Driver? When Bobby De Niro's buyin' the guns, and he takes the .44? Like that, this Mexi motherfucker's wavin' in my face, and the only thing I can think is, \"I gotta get out 'a this, so I can get a glass a water again.\" 'Cause I was in Mexico, you know -- fuckin' TJ -- and ya can't drink the water in TJ. Make ya sick. But when this fellow, this tough hero-type dressed like he was late for the beach, when that guy had that gun cocked and aimed, all I can think is how bright the sun gets in July, and how I got to make it out 'a this so I can see Liverpool in July again. And that thought bothered me, 'cause I fuckin' hate Liverpool. Haven't been there since the day I left when I was sixteen. Somewhere in the back 'a my head I can hear Yolanda screaming at this guy, but I wasn't really thinking about it. I kept telling her to chill out, be cool like he says, but I don't hear myself sayin' it. All I know in me head is my old man, standing at the front 'a his little church with that same clergy collar tight on his neck, glaring down at me as I swat all the fucking flies buzzing in the heat. He glared at me every Sunday for one thing or another; snorting cocaine in the bathroom or fucking the deacon's daughter in the yard. And something about that guy reminded me of him. I got his wallet, like he wanted. There's not a lot you can do when a bastard's got a gun in your face. I like his wallet. I wished he hadn't had the gun so I could keep it. But I guess the money inside's a whole lot better than whatever he's got printed on the five dollar bit of leather. I got a head for numbers; I'm used to counting at a glance. He's the kind of guy that doesn't carry cards, so despite his expert act and cool grip and eyes like my father's, I know he's in the same boat as me. We ain't honest enough for anything more than cash. He's got fifteen hundred dollars. He's got to do hits to carry that kind of dough. \"You read the Bible, Ringo?\" I didn't tell him my name's Michael. It's just as well; he was looking me over like Dad used to, and I may as well've been a fifteen-year-old punk ass kid. \"Not regularly, no.\" I couldn't tell you what he said after that. It was long and cold and he meant every word, and it may as well have been a sermon in Liverpool. My stomach was nervous and I wanted to throw up. I wanted to throw up because men like my father ain't supposed to shove a .44 in my face, and they ain't supposed to tell me ... \"You are the weak, and I am the tyranny of evil men ...\" It was like that time ... the time I forget and don't think about because it doesn't matter anymore ... But the time, just the same, when Dad bailed me out of jail crying. I don't know how it was like it, but it was. Maybe nothing about it was the same; it was raining that night and I was starving, and now it was a sunny morning after breakfast. And Dad didn't have no fucking .44. But I got that same feeling. \"But I'm tryin' real hard to be a shepherd.\" Dear God, let me make it to July. ","Summary":" If this is looking familiar to you -- it should. I'm moving many of my one-shots to this account. A"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"One Last Shot","Author":"lovesnow3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7957954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cry-Baby looked out at Turkey Point, and saw nothing but the beauty that was the Crystal clear waters, green grass and trees, the full parking lot, and his girl: Allison. It had been exactly a year since he was freed from jail because of Allison and the others and he couldn't be happier. He had everything he had ever needed right where he was but soon enough everything would take a turn for the worse once again in Cry-Baby Walkers life. \"Hey there.\" Said a voice from behind the young Drape, but Cry-Baby just ignored it. \"Earth the Cry-Baby.\" The voice came again. He rolled his eyes and turned to see his sister pepper behind him with her kids and her fiancé Robert. \"What do you guys want?\" Cry-Baby asked as his niece Susie-Q jumped up and sat on his lap followed by her brother Snare-Drum. Robert laughed and patted his friend on the shoulder. \"Have you forgotten what today is?\" he asked \"It's the one year anniversary of the day I got out of that hell hole of a jail, thanks to you guys.\" Cry-Baby answered. Pepper cut off Robert before he could say anything, \"Come on don't tell me you forgot your own birthday, God Cry-Baby.\" He didn't want to admit it but what his sister had said was true he had forgotten that it was his birthday. \"Uncle Cry-Baby, me and Snare-Drum have somethin' for ya.\" Susie-Q said as she and her brother jumped off his lap and ran over the house. \"They been saving up for them for weeks like Robert, and the guys have been working on their present for you bro.\" Pepper said as the kids came running back their hand behind their backs. Susie-Q was the first to reach her uncle and smiled as she revealed what she held behind her back to Cry-Baby, it was a new black leather jacket and the back read \"King Cry-Baby\" in large white letters sewn on and when Snare-drum caught up he reveal a pair of riding gloves of the same black leather. \"Aw thanks kids. Now if only my bike wasn't still wrecked.\" Cry-Baby said patting his niece and nephew on the head. \"Well, Cry-Baby walker how about to take a look behind the house.\" Robert said as Cry-baby stood and followed him to the back of the house where another birthday present was waiting. When they reached the back of the house Cry-Baby saw it, his Motorcycle that Baldwin and the other squares had burned over a year ago looked as if it were new again. \"Are you serious? You guys are amazing!' Cry-Baby said as he walked up to the bike in amazement, \"Wait 'till those square get a load of this!\" He sat down and revved the engine it was loud and music to the ear. On the other side of town however life wasn't so happy, Baldwin (Allison's ex-boyfriend) and his friends were at his house. \"I can't believe that punk drape!\" Baldwin shouted \"I said Allison would be mine again but she's still in love with that Walker kid!\" \"Yeah and he's still in love with her! You told me that you were going to break them up and I could get Cry-Baby back for what he did to me.\" Lenora added on as she threw her legs over Baldwin's. The rest of Baldwin's gang was talking amongst themselves when their leaders face brightened. \"I have an idea. We may have lost in that game of chicken a year ago but, we would have the upper hand in another fight like the one that got him arrested in the first place.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked one of the guys sitting on the chair opposite the square leader and Lenora. \"What I mean is we'll show Allison that, that Cry-Baby walker is nothing but a weak little kid.\" Baldwin said pushing Lenora off of him and standing up, \"My dad has a whole stash of stuff in his office that we could use to get an upper hand over those drapes and their precious leader Cry-Baby.\" That night at lake Cry-Baby and the rest of the gang were getting ready to sing when Allison and up and hugged Cry-Baby from behind. \"Hey there.\" She said as he turned around and kissed him on the cheek, \"Your Grandma told me it was your birthday so I got you a little something.\" He put his arms around her waist, \"You didn't have to do that.\" He said planting a kiss on her lips \"Well, I wanted to.\" She said as she took a small box from her pocket. \"Ta-da!\" Cry-Baby took the box and looked at her she nodded insisting that he open it. Inside was something that if he had any voice in the matter Cry-Baby would have never chosen for himself, it was a silver pocket watch with elaborate engravings on the front and back. \"I can't take this.\" He said, \"It must have cost you a lot of dough.\" Allison shook her head. \"It didn't cost me a thing. It was my dad's and my grandma and I thought you would like it.\" Cry-Baby hugged Allison, and thanked her for the gift when he heard his Grandmother introducing them the stage, he gave Allison one last quick kiss before he and the other drapes headed out for the stage. \"You go Cry-Baby!\" She called to him as he disappeared to the front go the curtain, and music started and the voice of Cry-Baby Walker came clear as day through the speakers in song. A/N: hope you enjoy this story i have the second chapter typed out but i just want to see how popular this first one get. please if you like it R&R.; ~3snow[Chapter 2] The next day was graduation at Mrs. Vernon-Williams charm school for those who were going off to College the next year. Allison was among these few and had invited Cry-Baby, but when the day finally cam he was unsure if his acceptation was a good or bad idea. \"Does this look right?\" He asked stepping out of his room in the suit Mrs. Vernon-Williams had bought for him saying 'You may be a Drape but you a least must appear to be a Square.' Pepper looked him up and down and then burst into laughter, \"Cry-Baby…..\" the rest of the gang joined in once they knew what she was going to ask about. \"What…did you do….to your hair?\" Cry-Baby instead of combing back his long hair and drowning it in gel had tried to, without cutting it, make it appear as if he had a whiffle. \"Hush up!\" Ramona yelled at the group laughing at her grandson and they did exactly what they were told. \"Cry-Baby, you look mighty fine. Don' he Bel?\" She turned to face her husband who was trying his hardest mot to laugh but managed to nod, 'Y-yeah.\" Everyone once they finally stopped laughing at how ridiculous Cry-Baby's hair was, they started commenting on the rest of his appearance 'fix your tie it's not on straight,' or 'your supposed to have all the buttons on the shirt done up.' And so much more that they didn't even notice when aliison had walked into the room. She cleared her throat. \"Um..Guys?\" but everyone kept on drowning Cry-Baby in comments and instructions on how to act at R.S.V.P. \"Guys?\" she said again but once again went unnoticed. Allison stood watching as Cry-Baby's friends and family fussed around him for ten minutes before she was finally noticed by Cry-Baby's soon to be brother-in-law Robert, \"Guys Allison's here.\" \"Well then let's let these to get alone before they're late then Ramona said pushing her grandson toward the girl at the door. Finally free Cry-Baby was glad to see Allison and not have to be around his family for the afternoon (even if it meant being around a bunch of Squares). Allison took Cry-Baby out the entrance of Turkey Point where Mrs. Vernon-Williams sat waiting in her car. \"Wade Walker.\" The older women started with a tint of anger in her voice that cry-Baby remember from the first time he had met her 'Haven't you ever learned you should never keep anyone waiting?\" As he opened the door for Allison to get in she answered her grandmother for him, \"It's not his fault Grandmother his friends were giving him a few last minute lessons on how to be a Square for this afternoon.\" \"I'm really sorry, Mrs. Vernon-Williams.\" He added as he himself got into the car and she started to pull out of the lot. \" Well Wade, for future reference I hope you will remember to never be late.\" \"Yes, mam.\" He answered quietly for he felt as if he were a small child being talked down to by his parents, and in a way he was only it wasn't his parents doing the scolding it was his girlfriend Grandmother. \"By the way Mrs. Vernon-Williams.\" She tilted the rear view mirror so he could tell that she was listening \"What's with all the wades you know I go by Cry-Baby?\" \"Well Wade, we Squares do not have nicknames like you Drapes.\" She answered and that was the last that was said for the rest of the trip. Baldwin along with the other Whiffles and Lenora were also on their way to the R.S.V.P graduation. \"Hey boss.\" One of the Whiffles started as they pulled into the charm school drive way \"What are you going to do when Allison shows up arm-in-arm with that Cry-Baby Walker?\" Baldwin scoffed as he helped Lenora out of the car, \" I won't worry too much, because at the end of the week my parents will be gone on vacation and then we can break into my father's office and retrieve the means to gain the upper hand on Cry-Baby and the rest of his gang.\" His companions laughed, for although they didn't know what Baldwin's father had that would help them win in a fight against the Cry-Baby gang, for they couldn't wait to show the entire city of Baltimore that the Cry-babies were nothing but a bunch of cry-babies. They started to enter into the building when Mrs. Vernon-Williams pulled into the drive way, and who was riding in the back seat all dressed as if he were one of the whiffles? It was none other than the devil himself Cry-Baby Walker. One of the younger whiffles watched as Cry-Baby opened the car door for Mrs. Vernon-Williams and helped her out of the car and then do the same for Allison. \"Are you sure that he's a Drape? I mean no Drape I've ever met would ever do that.\" Baldwin smacked him upside the head, \"Idiot he's just trying to prove that being in jail for only twenty-four hours over a year ago has made a good guy. But we know better than that, we know that he will always be a Drape and never anything more.\" The Whiffles and Lenora nodded in agreement and then taking Lenora by the arm Baldwin and the others entered into the building. Allison couldn't help but laugh at Cry-Baby as they entered into the castle like building of the R.S.V.P. charm school because as soon as they walked through the doors he tensed up as if he had just entered into a war-zone. She weaved her arm through his to try and comfort him, and he looked at her and smiled and was starting to relax as they entered into the dining hall. \"Welcome everyone to this year's R.S.V.P. graduation, \"Mrs. Vernon-Williams said from the stage as everyone took their seats \"This year's graduates, like the others before them, have worked very hard throughout their years here at R.S.V.P and now they will take what they have learned and use it when they themselves go out into the world, such things as the four Bs which are what children?\" Everyone in the room accept for Cry-Baby and Lenora cried out \"Beauty, brains, breeding bounty!\" \"Wade could you please pass the salt and pepper?\" Allison asked when lunch was served. \"Not you too.\" Cry-Baby said passing her the small bottles in reaction to her calling him by his first name, all afternoon whenever someone came up to talk to him it was always 'Wade Walker', 'Wade', or 'Mr. Walker' never 'Cry-Baby' and he could just feel himself sinking deeper into the I-don't-fit-in-here-category that he thought he could just disappear. The afternoon was halfway over when a familiar voice came from the next table over \"Hey Walker, are you trying to be a good boy so my Grandpappy don't fry you too, like he did to your dear old mom and dad? Cry-Baby turned to see Baldwin, Lenora, and the whiffles laughing but he swallowed his urge to get revenge but held it back just this once.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 A week had passed and Cry-Baby had forgotten all about what had happened at RSVP because he was spending time under a tree kissing Allison. The couple pulled apart for a moment of air, \"I'll be right back, I need a smoke.\" Cry-Baby said as he started to stand up only to have his girlfriend grab his arm. \"Cry-Baby, wait. My birthday is next week and you wanna know what I want?\" Allison asked. \"What?\" \"I want you to quit smoking.\" \"But-\" \"Please?\" \"Fine. I'll quit right after this last one.\" Cry-Baby said as he kissed Allison and walked over by the stage to smoke his last cigarette. There was a party going on at Turkey Point but it was soon going to take a turn for the worst, because driving down the road was Baldwin and his gang with a car full of smoke, Baldwin's parents were out of town allowing the Squares to break into his study and grab what hid behind locked doors. As they drove closer the head lights eliminated the Turkey Point Swim Club sign in the dark and cut through the rain that had just started to fall. Allison looked up at the sky as the rain started to fall, as she waited for Cry-Baby to come back when she heard someone walking towards the blanket where she sat. \"Whose there?\" she asked quietly turning to try and find whoever was the one watching her. \"Allison it's me\" a voice said, a voice that Allison knew all too well. \"Baldwin?\" \"Yeah, it's me. I've come to take you back.\" \"Baldwin, I don't…\" she turned around to find her ex-boyfriend standing behind her, eyes bloodshot, smelling foul, and holding something in one hand that she could not seem to identify. \"You don't what…Honey?\" \"I don't….want you anymore Baldwin I happy….with….with Cry-Baby.\" \"I was afraid you would say that…I mean I did this all for you…broke into my dads study and stole his Mary-Jane and everything so we could be together again. But I guess not.\" With that, he walked away without saying another word and just disappeared into the darkness and swallowed by the rain leaving only the smell of marijuana in the air. A/N: i know this chapter is short but i thought i would just post it and then continue with what else i wanted to put in this chapter in chapter 4. hope you enjoy. R&R; please and thank you. 3snow[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Cry-Baby stood by the stage and watch as everyone sang and danced around as he himself enjoyed what would be his last cigarette. \"Hey Walker!\" said a voice from behind him. Cry-Baby held his cigarette in between his teeth and turned to see who the voice belonged to and saw Baldwin with the Whiffles and Lenora in toe. \"What are you doing here Baldwin?\" Cry-Baby asked throwing the cigarette on the ground and snuffing it out with his foot. \"Didn't you know that Turkey Point s for Drapes only?\" Baldwin laughed \"As if we came to join in on your party if that's what you call it. I came here for you.\" The last sentence followed by a click. Lenora stepped forward \"Hey, Cry-Baby.\" He looked away trying not to make eye-contact when a bang came from the group's direction followed by a sharp pain in Cry-Baby's shoulder. A scream came from the crowd \"Cry-Baby got shot!\" Cry-Baby looked at his shoulder and watched as a small red circle began to grow on his shirt. \"What?\" was all he was able to say, before stumbling back. Baldwin cocked the gun again and aimed, \"Whiffles spread out I don't want him running or anyone to interfere.\" The rest of the guys and Lenora scattered. \"Now Wade , can I call you Wade? I'm going to make this really simple. Either you die or Allison come back with me and you never see her again.\" As if right on que Allison ran up. \"What's going on? I thought I heard a gun.\" It was then that she noticed Baldwin hand-gun in aimed right for Cry-Baby, and noticed the growing red spot on Cry-Baby's shirt \"CRY-BABY!\" she screamed starting to run towards him, but she was grabbed by one of the whiffles, and she could smell the marijuana on him. Baldwin smiled \"Good job. Now that she's under control what's your answer Wade?.\" Cry-Baby smirked \"Never! I love Allison and she loves me!\" Baldwin started to walk forward the barrel of the gun and his eye never straying from Cry-Baby, \"Tsk, tsk, tsk, I'm sorry but that would be the wrong answer.\" As Baldwin neared Cry-Baby was backing up not knowing that Lenora was behind him with a surprise of her own that is until he felt another sharp pain in his lower back. \"If I'm going to be called a back-stabber I might as well take it literally\" Lenora said pulling the knife out of his back smiling \"How'd I do Baby?\" Cry-Baby's legs finally gave out from under him and his vision blurred as he fell, but it wasn't until red, and blue lights came vaguely into view and a pain crashed through his skull did his world go black. A/N: I know this chapter has been a long time coming, and its short and not the best and I apologize for that. I'm hoping to start updating a little more often. Hope you all don't hate me. Please R&R.; ","Summary":" Cry-Baby looked out at Turkey Point, and saw nothing but the beauty that was the Crystal clear wate"},{"Movie":"Pulp Fiction","Title":"Sweethearts","Author":"SoloWolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3363324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI don't own Pulp Fiction, or any of the characters contained withinnthe film (more's the pity). Sweet.nThat's the only word for you, really. So worried, and about anfuckin' story too. Honestly. You know, it always amazes me how youncan go from fretting about some imaginary kid to waving a pistol andnthreatening to blow anyone that moves to Kingdom Come, in about fivenseconds flat. And you're still sweet while you're doing it. God,nI'm lucky. To have a girl like you, I mean. I love you so much, younknow that? So innocent, and yet so goddamn dangerous when you need tonbe. Like now. Ready? Fuck that, I know you are. \" Inlove you, Pumpkin.\" \" Inlove you too, Honey Bunny.\" Shit.nThat's all I can think at the moment. There's some bastardnpointing an automatic in my face, and all I can think is 'shit, I'mngonna die'. I don't wanna die, not like this. Gotta stay cool,ngotta stay calm, and you ain't helping, shriekin' like that. Inlove you, baby, but right now when I got a gun in my face and the guynthat's holdin' it there looks like a fuckin' professional,nhavin' you screamin' ain't helpin' my concentration one bit.nSweetheart, I need you to chill. I love you, but you gotta be cool,nOK? Shit. \" Bencool, Honey Bunny! Be cool!\"[Chapter 2] Disclaimer:nI don't own Pulp Fiction, or any of the characters in the film. I'mnlistening to you, but not taking it in, just looking at you, watchingnyou. You know I'm not concentrating, but don't stop, just keepntalking, I'm still here. I love you, I love you. Every time I looknat you, it all rushes in, I love you so much. Not that I don't lovenyou anyway. And you're sitting there, drinking coffee, smoking,nlike you haven't a care in the world. And I love you so much. Inwonder if we should stop this, but I get so high on excitement, sonhigh on you. I love you, Pumpkin. \" Everybodynbe cool, this is a robbery!\" \" Anynof you pricks fuckin' move and I'll execute everynmotherfuckin' last one of ya!\" It allnhappened so fast and suddenly it's not a laugh any more, not sonmuch of a giggle 'cos this is dangerous, you could be killed but ifnhe shoots I'll blow his fuckin' brains out but you'd still bendead and if you were dead I couldn't carry on, not without you, Inlove you, I love you I love you I love you please let this all benover I'll kill him I'll kill him if he shoots you can't die younwon't die please let him let you go or I'll murder him I lovenyou. \" Justnknow, you shoot him, you die.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI don't own Pulp Fiction, or any of the characters contained withinnthe film (more's th"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Gost Caller","Author":"Dwi Rahmawati","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12840309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Naina Ayu Rizky Fanfiction`s in collaboration with Dwi Rahmawati (1) ","Summary":" Naina Ayu Rizky Fanfiction`s in collaboration with Dwi Rahmawati (1)"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"La Triste Realidad de Un Jugador","Author":"La Lectora de Libros","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10554546","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A / N: Hola, bueno yo soy La Lectora de Libros y por fin haré mi primer fic. Estoy emocionada por ver cómo quedó, en mi opinión no está tan mal, sin embargo, me ayudaría más saber la opinión de otras personas. Verán, últimamente he tenido un pequeño trauma por la película \"Los Fantasmas de Mis Ex\", la he visto tres veces en menos de una semana, así de mal estoy. Así qué pensé en hacer este fic. No es muy largo, pero esta aceptable. Si han visto la película, sabrán que al final Connor cambía y se queda con Jenny, sin embargo, yo pensé en cambiar ése final para éste fic para hacer mi propio final alternativo de la película. * Ahora, quiero hacer una aclaración: - Los sucesos de la visita de los fantasmas y todo eso sí sucedio, más no hizo mucho efecto en Connor y siguió siendo mujeriego. - En realidad, la boda de Paul y Sandra no se hubiera hecho si Connor no hubiera cambiado y hubiera ido detrás de Sandra, pero aquí ignoraré la pelea de Paul y Sandra y los pondré como una pareja sin especificar si están casados o no. Disclaimer: No soy dueña de la película \"Los Fantasmas de Mi Ex\", ni de ninguno de sus personajes. \"La triste realidad de un jugador\" Connor miró con una sonrisa satisfecha a la mujer que salía de su oficina. Era hermosa. Piel bronceada, hermosos ojos verdes hipnotizantes, labios rosados, carnosos y tentadores, sonrisa sexy, un brillo en sus ojos tan coqueto que le daban escalofríos tan sólo mirarlos y un cuerpo exquisito. Suspiró feliz dejándose caer en la silla de su escritorio. Otra vez lo había hecho, ya iban cuatro sólo ése día, y lo mejor es que aún ni siquiera eran las cuatro de la tarde. \"¡Mel, ven aquí un segundo!\", gritó alegremente mientras empezaba a girar su silla. Su asistente entró de inmediato a su oficina y lo miró expectante. \"¿Qué necesitas, Connor?\", preguntó sacando su boligrafo preparada para apuntar. \"Recuérdame otra vez mis citas de hoy.\" \"Bueno, hoy a las cinco viene Franchell, la modelo francesa, ¿recuerdas?\" \"Ah sí, toda una mujer\", dijó Connor deteniéndose un momento con una sonrisa, \"Recuerda comprar una botella de vino blanco y traer ése pequeño traje que compré la semana pasada para mi otra cita\" \"¿Quieres que traíga el chocolate como pidió la otra vez?\", preguntó Mel. \"Hmm, mejor trae unas uvas\", decidió guiñándole un ojo con una media sonrisa. \"Uvas\", dijó Mel mientras lo apuntaba en su libreta. \"¿Tengo otra cita hoy?\", preguntó Connor. \"Bueno, tengo apuntada a Cassandra para hoy a las nueve.\" \"¡Perfecto!\", exclamó Connor tranquilamente con una sonrisa alegre, \"Con ella sí quiero el chocolate, también trae unas fresas y crema batida.\" Mel asintió mientras apuntaba sus pedidos. \"¿Algo más?\", preguntó Mel. \"No gracias, eso era todo, puedes retirarte\", le contestó Connor reclinándose en sus silla apuntándole la puerta con la mano. \"Gracias, y por cierto, no sonrías tanto, te ves como un tarado\", añadió Mel antes de salir. Connor se rió de buena gana lanzándole besos hasta que desapareció en el pasillo. Él se pusó a escribir en su computadora antes de que Mel volvierá otra vez. \"Ah por cierto, no olvide que el día de hoy tiene la boda de Jenny y Brad y que debe llegar antes de las seis en punto\", le recordó asomándose en por la puerta. Con eso, la sonrisa de Connor desapareció lentamente. \"Ah cierto, la boda de Jenny..\", comentó secamente volteando lentamente su silla para ver hacia la ventana con una expresión nostalgica. \"¿Desea que cancele sus citas de hoy?\", preguntó pacientemente. \"No. Así está bien\", contestó Connor cortante. Mel asintió y salió de su oficina. Connor se levantó de su silla y se apoyó en la ventana, mirando con tristeza a los edificios de abajo. \"La boda de Jenny\", suspiró. O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O Horas después Connor miraba su reflejo en el elegante espejo de su cuarto mientras se ajustaba la corbata por milesima vez en 15 minutos. \"Ay, Dutch, mírate bien, lo dejaste todo por nada\", escuchó cuando notó el reflejo de su tío por detrás de él. \"Pensé que habías dicho que me dejarías en paz después de que me visitarán esos tres fantasmas\", comentó Connor secamente. \"Yo nunca dije eso, si tú te pusiste a suponer no es mi culpa\", declaró Wayne con una sonrisa burlona. \"¿Qué diablos quieres?\", gruñó Connor exasperado, \"La decisión está hecha, jugué mis cartas y así es como quedó. Lo que ves es lo que tienes, ahora puedes descansar en paz.\" \"Ay, Dutch\", lamentó Wayne sacudiendo lentamente la cabeza, \"Metiste la pata.\" \"No metí la pata\", soltó bruscamente, \"Hice lo mejor para todos.\" \"Lo mejor para ella, querrás decir\", corrigió Wayne. \"Sí, lo mejor para ella\", aceptó en voz baja mientras volvía a arreglar su corbata. ¿Por qué cambiaría su grandioso estilo de vida, de todos modos? Su vida era fantástica. Un gran trabajo, mucho dinero, mujeres de sobra, sexo todas las noches... Sin embargo, Connor debía reconocer que algo la faltaba.. Es cierto, su vida era interesate, estaba seguro de que miles de hombres matarían por estar en sus zapatos. Pero nadie sabía lo que realmente era ser él. Nadie sabía lo que se sentía despertar todas las mañanas solo, como lo hacía un buen 'jugador'. No sabía cuándo le había dejado de llenar cuando el momento terminaba, se ponía sus pantalones y se iba. Pero con el tiempo se dio cuenta de que Wayne tenía razón. Después de que la música acababa ya nada de eso importaba. Quería despertar todas las mañanas acurrucado junto a la mujer de su vida, decirle que la amaba, casarse con ella, hacer una familia, vivir el resto de su vida juntos. Pero sabía que eso no era posible. \"¿Connor?\", lo llamó Paul desde afuera de su habitación, \"¿Ya estás listo?, la boda empezará dentro de menos de treinta minutos.\" Connor se ajustó la corbata nuevamente, \"Estoy listo\", contestó con voz ronca más para sí mismo que para su hermano. Connor se fue junto con Paul y Sandra a la boda de Jenny, trantado de aguantarse las ganas de no matar a Sandra mientras ella contaba con entusiasmo cada detalle que habían planeado para la boda una y otra vez. Una de las razones por las que soltó un suspiro de alivio cuando llegarón a la iglesia. Connor se detuvó enfrente de la iglesia, \"Entrén a la iglesia yo iré a buscar un lugar para estacionar el auto.\" \"¿Quieres que te guardemos un lugar?\", preguntó Paul desde el asiento de atrás. \"No, estoy bien, yo encontraré uno. Ustedes vayan tranquilos.\" Paul asintió y salió junto a Sandra para irse a la iglesia. Connor tardó menos de cinco minutos en encontrar un lugar en el estacionamento, pero decidió quedarse un rato más. Su corazón latía a mil por hora, probablemente se estaba preparando para presenciar la escena que probablemente lo destruiría por completo. Entonces Connor sacó la foto que le había tomado a Jenny cuando eran niños y se le quedó mirando un largo rato. \"Ni siquiera se parece a ti. Te ves como una niña\" \"¿Qué, Connor?\" \"Voy a guardarla para siempre\" Connor agarró su botella de vino y tomó un largo trago antes de bajar de su auto. Cuando entró en la iglesia rápidamente notó que ya estaba llena. Era de esperarse tomando en cuenta que había llegado media hora tarde y que probablemente se había tardado al rededor de otra media hora en su auto, por lo que se conformó con uno de los asientos abandonados de atrás. Connor sintió la mirada de varias personas mientras intercambiaban susurros asombrados. Probablemente la mayoría de las personas ni siquiera esperaba que viniera. Y Connor no los culpaba por pensar eso, probablemente él no hubiera ido si Paul no se lo hubiera pedido. Pero ahora se arrepentía de haber ido, no podía de dejar ése amargo sentimiento de culpa y remordimiento. Esta pudo haber sido su boda. Jenny pudo haber sido su esposa. Pero nada de eso importaba ahora, él había tomado la decisión equivocada y ahora debía afrontar las consecuencias. Sin embargo, el dolor de saber que ella pudo ser suya y él la dejó ir le ganó. Estaba apunto de irse cuando entonces la vio. Ni siquiera había notado que la marcha nupcial había iniciado, estaba tan absorto en sus pensamientos que ni siquiera había estado consciente de lo que estaba a su alrededor. Sin embargo, cuando la vio, ya no veía nada ni a nadie más, sólo a ella. Se veía hermosa, más hermosa de lo que nunca había estado. Una parte de su mente le decía que fuera por ella, pero se obligó a quedarse en su lugar. \"Esto es lo mejor para ella\", se recordó a sí mismo en silencio. Los minutos pasarón y la ceremonia estaba apunto de concluir cuando Connor escuchó. \"Si alguien aquí conoce una razón por la cual no deban casarse, que hable ahora o callé para siempre\", dijó el padre. En ése momento, Jenny lo miró. Miles de sentimientos se pasarón el uno al otro por medio de esa mirada. Ella prácticamente le estaba pidiendo que detuviera la boda. Pero Connor no lo hizo, él sólo alzó su botella y tomó otro trago. \"Entonces los declaró, marido y mujer. Puede besar a la novia.\" En ese momento cuando Jenny y Brad compartierón su primer beso como marido y mujer, Connor no dijo nada, sólo tomó otro trago. O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O - O En la fiesta de celebración, Connor los veía sin ninguna expresión mientras compartían su primer baile. Ella se veía radiante, sabía que había tomado la decisión corresta, por más dolorosa que fuera. Connor tomó otro trago. Así es como debía ser, después de todo, él era un jugador, estaba destinado a pasar el resto de sus días con mujeres, fama y fortuna para que en la noche se quedará solo, maldiciendo su triste realidad. Después de todo. Él no era más que eso. Un hombre vacío y solitario. Un fantasma. A / N: ¿Y qué les pareció?, un final triste, lo sé, pero realmente quise hacer una versión de cómo hubieran sido las cosas si 'El Gran Connor Meat' no hubiera cambiado. Espero les haya gustado. Recuerdén dejar su opinión! ","Summary":" A / N: Hola, bueno yo soy La Lectora de Libros y por fin haré mi primer fic. Estoy emocionada por v"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"One Last Time","Author":"disneylover115","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13233460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Any use of the title and poem is strictly prohibited. Ghost is owned by Paramount Pictures. One last moment on this earth Would surely be worth The beauty I see Every time you look at me One final slow dance Would give me a chance To say three words that show I love you more than you know To see you would make my heart sing Songs about the joy you bring ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Any use of the title and poem is strictly prohibited. Ghost is owned by Paramount Pictu"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Left For Ghost","Author":"Raven Midnight Memoryz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8947262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Left for Ghost The house was new, filled with emptiness, but I loved the feel of it. It was old but the house in itself was art. The last box was now empty and I stepped back and took in my new room. The walls painted with a creamy gray from years of standing, but the room tied together with modern of my belongings and the old that wrapped around it as the 100 year old house. I plopped onto the black velvet bed and took in the feelings that raced in my head. It was sad to think that I was the only one that could take in living in the beautiful house but that was just that. The bed managed to let me slip into sleep letting my days work come to another end. But even the new house couldn't keep the monsters from chasing me from my sleep to see the sun peaking in from the window. I hugged the pillow, took a deep breath and then let the pillow go and made my way down stairs. The kitchen sat hidden from front door just behind the wall the stairs laid. The pancakes sat on the plate dripping with butter but I didn't touch it, I left it sitting on the counter, alone, while I just stared at it. But I just couldn't eat it. I walked slowly back up the stairs to take a shower and get dressed. No one cared as I walked in the doors of the auto mechanics garage. I kept my eyes to the locker room to clock in. The many noises of drilling, cranking, and clanking metal echoed from the walls as the smell of gasoil and other oils made the air stale. I pulled the jumpsuit over my cloths and tied my hair back. I took each step carefully as I made my way to the minivan with the power steering broken. I had to replace it and the part still hadn't come in yet. So I just checked the oil and looked for things I could fix, not like the owner would really mind. So maybe I was one of the best mechanics at this garage and that was good for a girl but most people won't let me work on their car because they think I don't know anything. I buffed a dint out of the driver's door and aired the tires up then the part came in. I unscrewed the bolt from its frame and pulled the power steering out from the side of the car and then slid the new one in. The too long of a day finally came to an end and I found myself lying on my bed relived that I was done with another day of work. My tummy growl and reminded me that I hadn't ate all day, again but I couldn't bring myself to go down stairs and make something to eat. My eyes fell to a shut letting the darkness overwhelm me with sleep. The smell of something cooking woke me before the nightmares could catch me. I sat up from my bed, looking around at the room. My footsteps tiptoed down the stair case and around the wall to the kitchen. Sure, the pancakes still sat there still untouched but now there was a new plate of Mac and cheese sitting next to it. I stared at the dancing steam that came from the cheese covered noodles, and the fork in my hand, poking at it. It was a mystery of where the food came from and who made it. I dug the fork into the pile and brought it to my lips. I chewed the noodles; the noodles where cooked prefect and the cheese weren't too watery or to thick, it was just right something I could never do. So, me sleep walking was out of the question, but that rolled it down to someone, but who? and why? And how? But I had to admit who ever did cook this was a damn good cook. It was my first meal in days, even thought I'd got up each morning and made something for myself but I could never find myself to eat it. It had been like this for who knows how long, maybe ever since I was fifteen but now I was twenty-one, what could you say about that? Nothing, maybe I was depressed and I could understand that. Everyone had pushed me out of their lives about the time I was a sophomore and well with my luck it got worse and worse. I was completely alone, and it had been like this for years. I made my way up the steps to my room lying back in bed trying to lose all those painful memories again to the darkness. Claws ripped at my flesh making my body fall numb, but my eyes flashed open before anymore ripping could happen. I sat up looking around at the room; I pulled my legs to my chest and placed my face in my hands. Sometime past noon I found myself getting up from the bed and making it down stairs, only to sit on the couch and zone out again. The smell was filled with mixtures of bacon, eggs, and cheese, my nose was in love with the smell taking me to the kitchen. The stranger stood over the stove, moving gracefully as he moved the pan around. My heart was racing but of course I didn't know what to do, run, scream, call the cops but I was frozen as I watched him. There was one fact that stood there with us, this boy wasn't human; he wasn't alive because his upper body to his knees where there but past the knees faded into nothing. There was something about all this that was crazy, the fact that I knew that before me was a ghost and he was cooking, was that normal? No, a ghost doing anything wasn't normal. The ghost turned around, the pan in hand as he dumped it on the plate on the counter. His eyes moved to me and I looked back unsure as to do but he did nothing but stare back. \"Who are you?\" I managed to say in a broken voice. \"Andrew.\" He gulped before speaking but as soon as he spoke he was gone, transparently disappearing in to thin air, leaving the plate unattended. I didn't know how to feel, I was emotionless but either way I couldn't turn down eating that bacon. I graved the fork and stabbed a piece of bacon and egg. It was funny that I hadn't eaten for days, the idea of eating food was repulsing then but some how this food, this Andrew Ghost had not only cooked but something about eating it was inviting, that as soon as the food touched my tongue that all the bad would go away, the nightmares would be no more and this emptiness would fade away. The calendar said it was Saturday but it felt like a Sunday, like tomorrow was going to be work again. I hid in my room like every other day, but there was a reason, a intruder and not any intruder, a ghost…This is when I started wishing the Ghostbusters were real but wait, the ghost hadn't done anything but cook, was that so bad? Not really I guess, and this ghost had a name… Andrew. I replayed the whole thing in my head again but it seemed clearer than before. His face was beautiful and flawless, even with his dark hair in the way of it. He was a really amazing cook too; I wanted more of the bacon and eggs he made. I sighed and wrapped myself in the blanket but kept my eyes on the door. When I closed my eye, my head now filled with so many things and then nothing. So many secrets filling the light blue, I don't know why but I wanted to know; why he was here, how he died, and why here? As much as none of this made senses of it I wanted to make senses of it. Not even the thought of that kept the nightmares away, thought. I was still awoken by the snarls and screams of the monsters, so I just laid there doing nothing. Like always. I'm not sure why he gave me hope, why would he of all things give me hope but I found myself in the kitchen waiting for him. But he never showed, as if he was a spy and his cover had been blown, so sometime by the evening I found myself laying in my bed, fighting the monsters, fighting for life, fighting to see Andrew again. The monster's held on to me longer, longer then most times. Clawing, digging, ripping, and biting. I felt death lying next to me on the cold hard ground while I trying to pull away from the shadowed beasties. For a moment, I did feel dead but when my eyes flashes open life bid me good morning in its sick twisted way of nightmares and reminded me I was not yet dead. ","Summary":" Left for Ghost The house was new, filled with emptiness, but I loved the feel of it. It was old but"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"ErrorAlways Together","Author":"lapansitakawaii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13006383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Always together • • • Acababa de llegar a una nueva escuela, este por problemas en otra, por alguna razón había muerto un chico a manos de un profesor, mi madre al oir aquella noticia decidió sacarme de tal escuela insegura. Así terminé aquí, solo en un cuarto oscuro, pero preguntarán \"¿Por que en un cuarto?\", Por lo cual contaré la historia detrás de este suceso. Llegaba recién a mi nueva escuela, era un día en el cual estaba realmente cansado, por lo que decidí llegar lento y tarde. Trás eso me fui a mi correspondiente salón despreocupadamente, en serio no tenía ganas para nada. El tiempo paso lentamente, ante tal aburrimiento saqué un cuaderno y dibujé a \"MoonBlack\", esta chica era una especie de \"avatar\" o como quieran decirle, le puse aquel nombre ya que su piel era plateada imitando a la luna pero con cabello totalmente negro y desordenado. Siempre la dibujaba cuando tenía tiempo o estaba aburrido, casi diría que tenía una colección de dibujos de ella, era hermosa pero a la vez un tanto \"Misteriosa\" a quien le preguntara que pensaba sobre ella. De todos modos, me gustaba dibujarla y lo hacía. No era muy social pero apesar de eso, aparecieron unos chicos de mi edad diciendo estupideces como \"Esa chica es una demonio\", \"Que fea, es horrible\", \"Parece un muerto\", entre otras frases más. No podía aguantar tales insultos, me parecía una dama digna de respeto por lo cual rápidamente se me acabó la paciencia. Él último que la insultó recibió una advertencia la cual decidió ignorar, así fue como le rompí la mano a aquel chico. Lo mío no era pelear pero... Sentí la necesidad, además, casualmente me habían enseñado defensa personal desde muy pequeño. Me llevaron a la dirección u oficina del director, así asignandome tarea extra, limpieza por horas y una expulsión por tres días. Yo no resistí, no era por presumir pero no me iba nada mal en los estudios, en cuanto al aseo tampoco me molestaba. Volvieron a pasar las horas hasta que tocó el timbre para finalizar las clases, yo simplemente hice lo que me pedían, primero haciendo las tareas y después el aseo. Tras 5 horas de arduo trabajo logré terminar de limpiar, pero solo había algo más que necesitaba, terminar mi dibujo. Feliz de haber defendido a MoonBlack, regresé para salir pero... *sonido de llave cerrando la única puerta principal* — ¿Eh? Caminé hacia la dirección a dónde se había producido el sonido. Que raro... Estaba cerrada la única puerta que me habían dejado abierta para mi. *Se apagan las luces* No veía absolutamente nada. Mal día para no traer el celular... Ah... Al..ays to...ge...er... Un suspiro... Oí un suspiro... Justo detrás mío. Me quedé quieto, casi dejando de respirar para poder escuchar lo siguiente... Mmm~ ¿Necesitas luces...? Quedé helado... ¡¿Una voz femenina?! Antes de entrar en pánico decidí darme vuelta para poder ver a aquella mujer. ¿No me conoces...? Preguntó la chica. Voz suave... Pelo desordenado... Y su palidez brillando en toda la oscuridad. — M-MoonBlack... Ella sonrió y empezó a acercarse *Sonido de cuchillas* — ¡...D-Duele! Cuando ví tenía un corte en mi brazo, estaba empezando a sangrar por lo quedé un tanto horrorizado. Dió un paso hacia al frente y... *Corté en la cara* — Ow... ¿Q-Que pasa...? ¿No lo ves? Se acercó más rápido y mucho cortes se hicieron en mi cuerpo, la sangre brotaba y... ¡Dolía! Si me acerco pasa esto \"¡Mi labio!\" Quería gritar al sentir como se iba cortando. Lentamente ella sacó una gran lengua afilada de su boca y la paso por mis labios y sus adentros. Al hacerlo sentía el sabor a sangre y como se iban cortando las carnes, pero... Algo anda mal conmigo... Esta mujer la he amado por años... ¿Por qué me gusta lo que está haciendo...? Sabes bien... Busca mi historia y... vengate de quién me hizo aquel mal... Tú y yo... Siempre estaremos juntos Al decir eso, desapareció sin más en una explosión blanca como su piel. Creí que había muerto pero... A la mañana siguiente estaba en mi casa... Pero... Me dejó una nota o más bien... Una carta. Así fue como me di cuenta... ¿Tengo algo que ver con esta mujer? • • ","Summary":" Always together • • • Acababa de llegar a una nueva escuela, este por problemas en otra, por alguna"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"short scary creepy pastas","Author":"GuardianArmy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11278527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] i never thought id get it, but i got it, i got the house, a beautiful dandilion gold, and diamond white, windows so large youd think they were sliding glass doors, and the beautiful red rose front door, followed by the deep red roses surrounding the house, not a single none red rose in sight. as i lean over and smell a rose, i inhale to rich, but bitter stronge smell of iron and... blood? as i place down the last of the boxes, and set down onto the amazingly, brilliant shade of blue, an ocean blue. closeing my eyes and lifting my head towards the white ceiling, listening to the ever quiet breeze, and the rain falling, gently crashing to the windows, and the trees leaves blowing ruffly in the wind. as im drifting to the silent sounds of outside, i hear a loud creeking noise from up stairs, almot as if someone was... walking around? \"but that cnt be. its only me here, this place has been abandoned for years.\", i whisper to my self in the dark, suddenly cold room. i pick my phone up, and decide to try to call my friend pamalia. (phone rings, then makes a clicking noise, as a females voice comes through the speakers) \"hello, hanter, everything okay?\" i hear palamia say on the other end of the phone. (i nod, but realize she cant see me) \"yeah, ots just alittle creepy, and lonely, its real quiet here and has an unsettling coldness.\" i say with a sigh. \"well, if you want i couls come and get you, stay over at my place for awhile, if itll make you feel better.\" pamalia says with a worried tone in her voice. \"no, its good. besides ive gotta get used to the new place, or ill never get confortable.\" i responde back, but theres fear that can be heard in my voice, and pamalia knows it, she knows me too well. \"okay then, but if anyth ing happens im over there in the blink of an eye hanter, your like my older i dont need you getting into something you cant get oit of, you understand me!\" it was more of a statement than a question. \"yes.\" i mumble into the speaker. \"okay, have a safe, and peaceful night, youll need it, bye.\" theres a clicking sound of the phone hanging up, and with that its silent in the house again, and im in this dark room, with no lights to illuminate this dark world im in, nothing but the frequent flicker of lightning outside, the gentle rumble of thunder, and the constant, heart beat like rain falling. as i slowly drift back off to sleep, still sitting up on the couch, i hear the loud creeking, and the lpitter patter, of feet rush acrossthe second floor. i shake it off as if its nothing, probably just possums, or squerrils. i then close my eyes, covering myself with my white, and black hoodi imprinted with beautiful gold,and neon blue feathers, anx the overly lengthed long sleeves, rimbed with a beautfully golden fabric, and i start to play with the outer rims of the sleeves, i soon find myself in a deep sleep, awaiting when i awake tomorrow. ","Summary":" i never thought id get it, but i got it, i got the house, a beautiful dandilion gold, and diamond w"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Betrayal","Author":"Iamafanoftoomanythingstoname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12316685","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" You killed a man; you were supposed to steal his wallet.\" \" I did you a favor, man. That was a freebie!\" You know, I didn't feel any physical pain when I was shot that night. I didn't even realize I was dead at first. It was terrible enough, and so unfair, when I thought my life had been taken so suddenly by some unknown murderer. But now, finding out that you, my trusted friend have betrayed me- no matter that you didn't mean for me to die- is much worse. I'm torn between breaking down and crying because it all hurts so much (though I can't truly cry anymore since I'm a ghost now), or screaming to the sky in rage (though no one would hear me). The thought that absolutely sickens me the most is the memory of you asking me what I was going to be doing that night so you could send that mugger after me. No wonder you looked nervous when you said you didn't want to come! You should've known there was no guarantee this guy wouldn't kill me! I wonder, how long were you planning to betray me? Actually, I think I do know the answer to that. I was looking at those accounts with too much money in them. I changed the codes, which you needed in order to continue your money laundering scheme. You must have decided right then that the best way to get those codes was to send a mugger after me even though it could put my life in danger. You yourself couldn't steal from me because the crime could be more easily traced back to you. Would you have still gone through with it if you knew that was the last time you would see me alive? I just don't get it; how could you do this to Molly and I? You were supposed to be our friend! I wish you had been there to see it the night I was shot to death because of you- to see Molly crying, holding my dead body in her arms, blood everywhere, and the paramedics trying to save me even though it was hopeless… watch Molly leave the hospital in a daze, trying to cope with knowing she would never see me again and wishing she could wake up from this nightmare… that way you could really look at what you've done. Willie may have pulled the trigger, but this is your fault. You killed me. You snatched me out of Molly's life. I can only imagine how much she's hurting right now- she probably thinks I'm gone forever because she doesn't believe in ghosts or anything. And you have the nerve to try to comfort her when you caused this? I may be dead now but I am not letting you get away with this. I think I have an idea of what the pain of being shot is like now. Finding out you murdered me for money is like being shot again- but this time I see your face behind that gun and I can feel the bullet of your betrayal being shot right into my heart. Are you even very sorry for getting me killed, or are you just too worried about someone finding out what you've done to be more than just mildly sorry? Well, someone did find out- me. And I'm going to make sure that you pay for taking my life away from me. ","Summary":" \" You killed a man; you were supposed to steal his wallet.\" \" I did you a favor, man. That was a"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"A Death Game Mayber ? Part1","Author":"shiirosama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8754077","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rumi: soo...? Yomi: That's What she said ~ Rumi: ( = . = ) What are we doing ? Yomi: Crap ^^ . Rumi: Daheq . Yomi: Joke la . tsk . Rumi: Pfftt . Then ? Yomi: Story la . Rumi: What kind ? Yomi: Random . Rumi: Ouh ?Like ? Yomi: Now . Rumi: What now ? Yomi:WE are talking randomly rite? Rumi: ..wait..what? Oh yeah . Yomi: Baka . - walks away - Rumi: Meanie . Kimiko: I..Don't Know whats even going on...- Sighs - Ikumi: This is a story , get it sis ? Kimiko: Tsk . I'm Not Dumb Kay ( = n = ) Ikumi: I Never Said You Were dumb . Kimiko: Oh Forget it already . Ikumi: Okay Okay , Where are we ? Kimiko: Some Blank Room ..? Ikumi: OMG T^T WHERE'S MINNAS?! Kimiko: How in the heavens would i know? ( = n = ) Ikumi: ( T n T ) Harumi: ..Where..Are We ? Rokka: I Don't Know . Harumi: ..It's Blank ... Rokka: I Know Right ! Harumi: Where Are Beau And The others ? Rokka: I'm not sure - Looks around - The Blonde Twins aren't here .. Harumi: Only us are here..? What the heck happen.. Rokka: I'm not sure , is this a dream..? Harumi: Can't be ( . _ . ) .. Rokka: How Is it even possible to get out of this place ? Harumi: I Don't Know .. Chika: - Wakes up - Beau: ( = n = ) Lea: ! ITS WHITE ! Leo: ._. White , Can it be eaten ? Beau: Of Course Not , Don't Be Dumb . Chika: WHERE ARE WE ?! WHITE?! Beau: How Would i know . Lea: Why Isn't It Be Blue ? ( = 3 = ) Boo!Boo! Leo: I'm Hungry . - Stomach Growl - Chika: Pink Pink ! ( = 3 = ) ! Lea: I'll Shave that hair of yours ( = 3 = ) Chika: ( T ~ T ) Don't Be So Cruel ..-Covers head with hand , Become chibi - Beau: Noisy People . - Looks Around - There isn't a Window nor a Door . Chika: Oh yeah . - Turns back to normal - Where Are The Others ? Beau: Now You Mention It , Where are the others ? Leo: Where is those Blonde Twins and Harumi and that flaky and ..the others? - n - Lea: - Looks Around - It Looks like a square . Chika: MAYBE THEY GOT EATEN UP?! Beau: How is that even possible? ( = n = ) Shota: Bruuuh ? Where Are You ? - Walking Around- Shoko: There is no one except us...Could this be love time ? - DayDream - Shota: Thats Not Possible Shoko = n = Shoko: SHOTAAAAAAA! - Jumps On Him - Shota: T_T Shoo ! Shoo! Shoko: But ~~! Shota: I Wanna Look For Bruuuh . Shoko: The Blonde Twins Aren't Here..Ha.. Shota: ( T - T ) Omg , Who Would be so cruel to put us in here ? Shoko: Idk But Its Alone Time With You c; Shota: Tsk . ( T - T ) Chihiro: Omg Shuu ! This Room is completely White ! Shuu:: ( T _ T ) I Know And I Don't Care . Chihiro: ( = 3 = ) Your Not Fun . - Walks around - Shuu: ( T _ T ) How are we to get out ? Chihiro: Idk . Rumi: Yomi , What Are You Planning ? Yomi: A Death Game ! AHAHAHA . Rumi:Seriously ? Yomi: No . Rumi: ( = n = ) Then ? Yomi: Random . Rumi: Random What ? Yomi: Well , You Have To Find a Way out Of This Room ( = w = ) Take As Long As You Like . Rumi: Is There a Prize? ( o . o ) Yomi: Yes , It Depends - Winks - \" Trap \" Rumi: Its Like a Death Game . Yomi: It is but , You Just Don't Die , Unless you never get out of the room .^^ Rumi: Isn't It Over? Yomi: Tsk . I Would Have Put Tons of traps there if i wasn't Kind and that would be more like a death Game or.. Killing Each Other - Smiles - Rumi: S-Souka..I'm Glad I'm Not in There . Yomi: I Wonder What Are The Out Comes ^^ . Would It Be Le Blonde Twins , The 2 Pink Headed Girls , That Gang , The Gender or ..Chihiro and Shuu . Rumi: Gambatte Ne ( T _ T ) '' Yomi: - Smiles - Alittle Game Won't Hurt Would it ? Kimiko: A-Admin-San! You Can't Be Serious ( T - T ) Ikumi: What Did we Do ? ( T n T ) Kimiko: We Have to Find a way out ..No Choice . Ikumi: How ? Kimiko: Got Any Weapons ? Ikumi: Nope ( o n o ) Only Trains . Kimiko: - Pulls Out a Gun - This is the only weapon i got . Ikumi: ( . _ . ) You Carry Guns Around ? Kimiko: N-No ?! Its Just ..I Sense a need to bring it kay . Ikumi: Ouh ..What are we gonna do ? Kimiko: How Would I Know ..- Looks at cell - There isn't even any connection here ! Ikumi: Maybe Poking Around The Walls Might Help ? ( . _ . ) Kimiko: Maybe ... Harumi: Y-Yomi-san ...( T - T ) Rokka: I Wonder What's The Prize If We Got out First .. Harumi: - Takes Out Fan - This is the only thing i have .. Rokka: I brought nothing . Harumi: I Think Kimiko Has a weapon or two ( T n T ) Rokka: Even if we have weapons , What can we do ? Harumi: I'm not sure..There isnt a window nor a door .. Rokka: - Punch The Wall - Hmm..Lets Try Punch Around . Harumi: If You Say so .. Beau: What Kind Of shit is this?! Lea: T^T Are We gonna die here ? Leo: I'm Hungry .. Chika: You Got to be kidding .. Beau: - Stands up - It Seems Impossible to even get out . Chika: - Runs Around - T_T Lea: - Yawns - I'm tired . Beau: If we don't get out , we are dead ..- Sighs - Chika: Boo Boo . I Have a long time to Live T_T Beau: - Kicks The Wall - Lea: - Use her Penknife and tries to cut it - Shota: Oh ! I Want To See Bruuh ! We Have to get out ! Shoko: Oh Yesh We do have to get out - Smiles - Shota: T_T How la . Shoko: I Don't Know ..Pokemon ? Shota: ._. I Don't Think that can even work .. Shoko: I Got a knife and a photo of you ._. Shota: Give me back my photo ! ( = [] = ) ! Shoko: No .- Gives Knife - Shota: What can i do ? - Takes knife - Shoko:Cut The Wall ^ u ^ Shota: IS That EVEN Possible? Shoko: Well , Give it a try . Shota: - Cut cut cut cut cut - Small Bits are coming off . Shoko: Just continue , Maybe we might get out ! Shota: ( = n = ) Why am i doing this..? - Cut Cut Cut - Chihiro: SHUU ! WE MUST GET OUT ! Shuu: ( T - T ) Its Troublesome , Lets Just Die in here . Chihiro: ( T _ T ) No Way dude . Shuu: ( T - T ) Then ? Chihiro: hmm..- puts her bag down - Lets see..I Got business Cards , A Bottle Of water , a Phone and..Well ..Sharp thing .. Shuu: - Takes bottle of water - I'm thristy . Chihiro: T_T'' Maybe..if we ..? - Takes sharp thing and stab it at the wall - Yomi: Oh Yeah..- Smirks - If You Don't Get Out By ..A Week ..Your Gonna Die . Rumi: Y-Yomi ! Yomi: Or You Want me to go more far? \" Kill your Friends To Live \" ? Rumi: Thats too far.. Yomi: I Won't Do That . I'm Not That Cruel and no magic allowed . Kimiko: No Magic...Ikumi We need to get out fast , Dying isnt a good option . Ikumi: I Know . Kimiko: I Bought quite alot of bullets..i wonder if it can work..- Loads gun with bullets - Ikumi: - Kicks the wall - Its like there is something there o.o Kimiko: Really...? - Pokes - It Does Feel Like it..Admin San Can be tricky so..yeah .. Ikumi: - Continue kicking - Kimiko: - Shots the wall - This wall is hard alright but it has a little dent._. ..hmm.. Ikumi: It could work . Rokka: HAIIIII-YAAAAAAA! - Punch the wall with all her might - Harumi: rokka ! The wall went in alittle . - puts ear there - There is like..something or someone there... Rokka: - Rubbing her fist - A Week to get out ..I Hope we can get out.. Harumi: - Nods -Kicks the wall - sighs - Beau: - Continue kicking it - Its freaking hard . Chika: - Takes Lea's Penknife and stabs into the wall many times - Lea: 7Days..If we don't..we are gonna die.. Leo: I Don't Wanna die ! Wheres Flaky ! T^T Beau: Quit Whining and come help . - Kicks le wall -Yomi: Oh..Well , That gang has 2..well ._. young ones? and well , it seems unfair to the other grp that this has more.. Maybe i shall put lea and leo ..away.. -Lea and Leo: - Disappear - Beau: WHAT?! Chika: DAHEQ?!-Yomi: Don't Worry , there are in the real world , They will forget about this death game ^^ Shota: - Cut Cut Cut - Tiring . Shoko: - Sits down and sighs - Why are we invole ? Shota: Idk ( = _ = ) - Cut Cut Cut - It Looks like this knife is quite good .. Shoko:Thats good - yawns - Shota: Help me already ! - Cut Cut Cut - Shoko: I'm Tired . Chihiro: - Stabs the thing in the wall repeatlessly - Shuu: - Drinks water and watch - Gambatte . Chihiro: ( T _ T ) - Continue doing it non stop - Little Small White Thing drop Chihiro: - Stops and pick it up - Its like glass but..its totally a different things.. Shuu: Ouh...-Yawns - Falls asleep - zzz . Chihiro: T_T' Yomi: How Exciting Can This be?! - giggles - Rumi: Idk.. Yomi: A Death Game ..I Wonder who will be first to escape within 7days . - Eats a strawberry cake - Rumi: - Sighs- Yomi: Life Is Never Going Easy Anyways . - Continue eating - Watches them - Rumi: Maybe... Kimiko: - Shots the same spot - Its like a small hole.. Ikumi: - Looks through - I Cant see anything . Kimiko: Could it be a ...monster there..? Rumi: - Sighs - A death Game eh ? Well , This is part 1 , idk when i'm continuing . If you don't like it then fine , i'll go back and continue my own story . It takes enegry to write all this . Its Long and boring . i can understand . Yomi: - smirks - - So , The Yomi In Here is me o3o 3 ","Summary":" Rumi: soo...? Yomi: That's What she said ~ Rumi: ( = . = ) What are we doing ? Yomi: Crap ^^ . Rumi"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"One Last Moment","Author":"Iamafanoftoomanythingstoname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11030881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Don't leave me… Sam hold on!\" Molly cried, holding him close. He was barely staying conscious. He didn't want to die. He fought against it, though the pain was overwhelming and it would be so easy to just let go. The thought of leaving her was a much worse feeling, so he willed himself to stay awake. \"Molly…\" he said in a weak voice. She stroked his hair gently. \"Shhh, Sam, don't talk. It's gonna be okay, baby.\" She was crying and Sam tried to lift his hand to her face but he was too weak, so she just held his hand. The ambulance finally got there and they headed to the hospital. \"Moll…\" he coughed and winced in pain. \"Shhh…\" he was getting weaker, afraid he wasn't going to make it. \"I… I'm sorry…\" he coughed again. \"Oh, Sam…\" she caressed his cheek. \"I need… I need to tell you…\" \"What?\" By now he could barely keep his eyes open. He knew he would pass out soon, maybe never to wake up again. His heart breaking, he admitted to himself that he was going to die. He felt like crying. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with her, but now it was already ending. Sam knew this was his last chance to say those three little words she wanted to hear, the ones that described how he felt from the depths of his heart. He looked into Molly's eyes, the strength of his love the only thing keeping him from slipping away. \"I love you, Molly… I've always loved you.\" She smiled and the tears fell faster. \"I love you too, Sam. Please don't leave me…\" They shared one last kiss. She pulled away, horrified as she watched Sam's chest ease and his body go still. \"No… Sam what am I going to do without you?\" It was hard to imagine living in a world where Sam wasn't by her side. The thought of going through every day without ever seeing him again was a terrible feeling that couldn't even be put into words. She gripped his hand, kissing it. \"Come back…\" ","Summary":" \"Don't leave me… Sam hold on!\" Molly cried, holding him close. He was barely staying conscious. H"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Ditto","Author":"Iamafanoftoomanythingstoname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7499964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I hope you enjoy my first fanfic for Ghost! And, this is a one shot at the part where Sam is killed. By the way, I don't own Ghost or the characters in the movie by any means. Sam's POV I had asked Molly to marry me once, but she refused to. That was a real disappointment for me, and it kind of hurt that she didn't want to marry me, but at least we're still together. We haven't talked about marriage since. Until now, that is. Suddenly, she says that she wants to marry me. I almost couldn't believe it. She even says that she's been thinking about it a lot. I'm really happy about that. I've wanted to marry her for quite a while now. Molly wonders why I never actually say that I love her. She says that sometimes she needs to hear it. Why? People say 'I love you' all the time. It doesn't mean anything. Why do I need to actually say, 'I love you'? I always just say 'ditto'. She even asked me if I really love her! Of course I love her, but do I really need to say it? That should kind of be implied, do you know what I mean? Shouldn't it be enough to say 'ditto'? It works for me. But then I was shot. As I felt myself slipping away, I realized how wrong I was. I was wrong. So very, very wrong. I'm sorry, Molly. I love you. ","Summary":" A/N: I hope you enjoy my first fanfic for Ghost! And, this is a one shot at the part where Sam is k"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Down By The River","Author":"Maisie Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10775175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Louise stood in her cot, gnawing on the wooden railing, the warm, dry summer breeze gently tickled her face. She could taste the oil that her Daddy had put on her railings just before she was born. The sound of the fast flowing water rushing behind the house was a faint whisper in her mind. She could smell the sickly sweet pollen from the white wisteria flowers twisted around the tall Gums. The movement in her room caught her attention. She watched as her big sister waddled towards their bedroom door; Jessica stretched to reach for the door handle, balancing on the balls of her feet. She grabbed for it, missing it. She stretched on her tip toes, finally grasping it and pulling it down. The door opened, swinging inwards. Jessica turned around and smiled at Louise, putting a tiny fat finger to her lips, swiped at a blond curl sticking to her forehead, she took a glance back into the room and then padded out into the corridor. Their mother sat, passed out in the darkest corner of the room, an empty whisky tumbler lay on her lap, and the half full bottle sat on the floor next to her. The curtain covered only half of the window next to Louise's cot, Louise watched Jessica gently push open the screen door, holding it and being careful not to let it bang closed. She stumbled down the porch steps, running past the window where Louise stood in her bed, as fast as her chubby little legs could carry her, cheeks bouncing with every step. Louise couldn't see Jessica anymore as she had disappeared behind the garden shed. She sat down on her nappy padded bottom and waited for her big sister to reappear. That was the last time she saw her big sister. ","Summary":" Prologue Louise stood in her cot, gnawing on the wooden railing, the warm, dry summer breeze gently"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Silence","Author":"Melly5532","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7105425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Silence \"Her lips parted as her wet hair whipped across her face, sticking to it. The harsh, devious wind howled through her white satin blood-stained blouse. She got up from her crouching position and ran, dirt and small pebbles spitting from under her bare feet. The rain continued to pound down long fat fingers of raindrops. Thunder screamed a high screech piercing the stillness. A blinding green-white lightning bolt struck. She gasped one more time and hit the stop button on the recording machine. She knew it would come before it came: the gun shot. She fell to the ground, her last vision of black dress shoes running towards her with needles of rain surrounding them. One tear fell, and then all was dark, eerie and silent.\" ","Summary":" Silence \"Her lips parted as her wet hair whipped across her face, sticking to it. The harsh, devio"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Reasons","Author":"historynerdrevolution","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8535489","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note - 9/18/12 Hey guys! I started writing this one over the summer, but I didn't really finish it until about a week ago. Writers block galore, you know what I mean? Anyways, I'm posting it now so enjoy! A smashed Pepsi can scuttled across the entrance of the Brooklyn subway entrance, but the strangers passing by didn't even seem to notice. They were too absorbed in where they had to go and who they were to meet to notice that the can had seemingly moved on it's own. What they couldn't see was the exultant man who had displaced the can from it's original spot, then turning to walk down the city street just as those amongst him were. There was only one difference; a big difference at that. This man was dead. His name was Sam Wheat; a charming, prominent banker in the one and only New York City who met his demise far to quickly. Sam had only been walking home his girlfriend and sweetheart, Molly Jensen, from going to see MacBeth at the theater which he had mostly slept through. The walk was delightful for a time, there was a bit of humor but mostly talk of love and marriage between the couple. The enchanting conversation was very brief though, as they both noticed that they weren't the only ones on the darkened street. Trouble then immediately presented itself to them; a stranger approached them and pulled a gun, demanding Sam's wallet. He stalled the man for a short time, but he resorted into a scuffle with the stranger, now known to be Willy Lopez. A gunshot, and Sam found himself from an outside view as he watched his beloved cling to his dead body. HIS dead body. Sam was now a ghost, stuck on Earth after unknowingly wandering away from Heaven's gate. He watched his Molly suffer for weeks after his death, and there was nothing he could do to comfort her. He desperately wanted to, but being a ghost has its limitations which include not being able to be seen or heard by those who aren't dead. What Sam didn't know was that he would find hope after those long, agonizing weeks of staying right beside Molly, unable to wipe her tears away to comfort her or even letting her know that he was still there with her. Willy had broken into their home, leaving Molly unharmed, but Sam was irate. He followed Willy to his Brooklyn neighborhood only to find no answers of why he had returned. Then he found his hope as he began to walk home from Willy's home at Prospect Place. He saw a storefront for a Psychic, and something drew him to it. He slipped in undetected and watched a fraudulent psychic named Oda Mae Brown as she duped one of her customers. She was fraudulent, at least, until he made his remarks. Oda Mae was surprised herself that she could hear Sam, and after some great deal of convincing which included a song or two, she had agreed to help Sam communicate with Molly. Everything went well at first, but Molly didn't quite believe Oda Mae when she was telling her that Sam was there withThomas and that Molly was in danger. Molly's confession to their mutual, good friend, Carl Bruner, lead to the revelation that the mugging that had cost Sam his life was indeed a murder set up by Carl himself. Carl was desperate for cash and needed Sam's codes at the bank to pay off some huge debts to the drug dealers he owed big time. The revelation sparked the fires of an afterlife vengeance inside Sam. Not only did he feel as if he needed to avenge his own death and make Carl suffer for the damage he had done, but he needed to protect Molly and keep her safe. He had given himself a day to gather any information he could use to foil Carl's plans and it had definitely paid off. He knew about the fake account with four million dollars in it and how to access it, he now just needed to dispose of the blood money. Sam had also visited the spirit that haunts the subway system, and had demanded to know how to maneuver objects within the human realm from within the ghostly realm. The effort had proved a success after standing his ground and many failed attempts of pushing bottle caps and kicking soda cans. He was now ready to take on Carl. He was ready for justice, he just needed some help to achieve it. He was on his way to Oda Mae's to ask her to aid him in disposing of the four million dollars. Sam weaved through the Brooklyn streets with a smile on his face, feeling almost alive once again because of his purpose. This was why he was here, and this was what he was going to do no matter what. He rounded the corner of the sidewalk, less than a block away from Oda Mae's and passed by several people as a sense of eagerness began to flow throughout him. \"Man, do I know that look. You're looking pretty stunned, dude!\" Sam was less than a quarter of the way down the sidewalk when he heard the remark. He stopped for a few seconds, feeling as if the remark had been aimed towards him. He glanced around him, seeing many people passing by him unknowingly. He scanned down the street from where he had just came, and was quickly taken back by a pair of olive green eyes staring directly at him. The eyes belonged to a young girl stood in front of the graffitied wall by an abandoned storefront, only a few feet away from the corner of the sidewalk. She was in her teens, definitely no more than fifteen years old, and she wore a style that seemed strange for a teenager in this day and age. She wore a royal purple, floral blouse which was cuffed just above her elbows and tucked into her dark, denim flared jeans. Her straw blonde, wavy hair went just a little past her shoulders, but she had it tied back into a ponytail, which seemed a bit out of place for the styles of today. Sam suddenly felt himself gravitating to this kid, mainly just to see if she could truly see him. No one else could see him, not even Oda Mae, so why should this girl be different? \"Excuse me,\" he asked, testing to see if she would respond. \"You know, stunned,\" the girl replied with a grin, shocking Sam as she did so. \"You catch my drift? No? I mean like real focused, pretty intense, dude.\" Sam stood dazed for a moment at this girl. How could she hear him, no less see him for that matter? \"I-I'm sorry,\" Sam managed to stammer after mentally shaking himself, \"you can see me?\" \"Of course I can,\" the girl laughed quietly in response, \"why shouldn't I be able to see you?\" \"Well, because I'm dead,\" Sam stated bluntly. He wasn't concerned with formalities at this point, he was completely baffled on how this kid in Brooklyn could heard and see him when no one else could. The girl gave Sam a warm smile, looking down at her feet before glancing back up to meet his calm blue eyes. \"So am I.\" The truth hit Sam like a ton of brick, not in the way it had when he discovered Carl to be the reason why he was dead, but vaguely similar. He was almost instantly filled with sympathy for the girl; of the few other ghosts he had encountered, none of them were children. He couldn't quite tear his mind from the question of what brought this child's young life to an abrupt end, and why wasn't she in a better place. \"I'm sorry.\" The girl wasn't affected by the sympathy, reacting almost as if she had dealt with this situation several times before. \"It is what it is, brother,\" She answered in an calm, even tone, \"I've been like this for many years now, so I'm used to it. Oh, I'm Nancy, by the way. Nancy Quaid.\" \"Sam Wheat.\" \"Sick name,\" Nancy grinned at the introduction, \"I like it. So Sam, are you new around here?\" \"Well, kinda,\" Sam answered, \"I'm not really new to the situation, but I've only been to this area a few times before.\" \"Right on,\" Nancy nodded with a smile that she never seemed to lose, \"I guess that's why I didn't recognize you.\" Sam returned the smile and responded briefly, \"I guess so.\" Nancy seemed nice enough, she just seemed very talkative. He couldn't quite blame her though, seeing as the only other supernatural being in the area was the subway ghost, and he wasn't one for talking. \"Have you met any other spirits around here,\" Nancy asked, trying to keep the conversation flowing since she didn't seem quite so keen as to abandoning the conversation at this time. \"No, not really,\" Sam went along with it as he decided just to humor the girl and talk with her for a bit. \"I've only really met you and the guy down in the subway system there.\" \"Ah,\" Nancy responded with a nod, pity flashing into her hazel eyes for one brief moment. \"That dude's had it pretty rough even before he died, so just cut him a bit of slack and don't get bummed if he's real hostile to you,\" she informed him quickly, \"you know what I mean?\" \"Yeah, yeah. I know what you're saying,\" came Sam's casual response, \"say, since I'm new to this spirit realm, do you know whether it's normal for one to... Well, lose it after someone asks them how they died?\" Nancy shook her head and clicked her tongue a few times, like an old woman who had caught a small child doing a devious act, \"You've gotta be careful when it come to questioning mortality, Sam. Most ghosts will unravel completely and relive the last few moments leading up to their death.\" She stopped for a split second after correcting him, her tone then soften as she continued, \"It's never a pretty sight when it happens.\" \"I know that now,\" Sam answered after a brief silence between the two, a trickle of guilt leaking into his voice. More silence followed after Sam's confession, but Nancy was quick to start the conversation back up once more. \"I'm guessing he taught you how to kick the can around though, right?\" Sam turned and adjusted his glance down at the girl, who was shorter than him by several inches, and eyed her in suspicion. \"Now how would a girl like you know that?\" \"Well,\" Nancy grinned and giggled quietly, \"I have been around the block for a while, like I said earlier, and have met him on a few occasions. It's to the point where he doesn't hate me enough to throw me off 'his train', but we don't talk much.\". Nancy continued after the brief clarification, \"He always seemed to dig people with a lot of spunk about them, they were real impressive to him. You've got the right amount of spunk to impress him, so I took a guess, to answer your question.\" \"Did he ever teach you?\" \"Nah, I eventually figured it out on my own,\" She told Sam, \"I could never ask him, he'd always freak me out before I got the chance to.\" A few more beats of silence between them once more before Nancy blurted out, \"You know, how'd you end up like this? What's your story, Sam?\" Sam gave Nancy a questionable look, arching an eyebrow before stating, \"I thought you just told me to be cautious when asking that question.\" \"Well, you seem chill enough to ask,\" Nancy replied with a shrug and a lop-sided smile, \"but if you want to bogart, that's fine. I'm just being curious.\" \"No, if you want to know I'll tell you,\" Sam insisted. He took a moment before he answered her, \"I was killed in a mugging when I was walking my girlfriend back to our home, but it actually turned out to be a murder.\" He glanced over at Nancy, who was obviously intrigued, before continuing his story. \"A friend and co-worker at the bank where I had worked had set the entire thing up to get access to my accounts. He was planning to steal money from the said accounts and pay off the debt he had accumulated by hanging with the wrong crowd.\" \"That's bogue man, I'm sorry,\" Nancy told him in a quiet, solemn voice after a few moments. \"But Sam, how come you're still hanging around?\" \"What,\" Sam asked, turning is gaze from the people passing by to Nancy, his confused expression matching his tone perfectly. \"Why didn't you book out of here when you had the chance, you know? When anyone dies, one of two things can happen, you see the light or the shadows come get you,\" Nancy explained. \"The shadows didn't come get you, no duh, you would know if they did because they're so freaky. I can dig that you actually saw the light, so why'd you turn away from it?\" He was quiet for a little while, turning his gaze back to the people passing by. This girl was so many years younger than he was, so what was she getting that he wasn't? \"I don't know, I guess...\" he tried to answer, but even so, the right words would come to reveal the truth to even himself. \"I guess I thought of it as an opportunity to right a wrong, but now I'm not so sure.\" \"Well, was the wrong you needed to right, as you said, was it with your coworker?\" \"No, not initially... Ah, I have no clue,\" he chuckled nervously as he ran his hand through his hair. Sam glanced over at Nancy before he abruptly changed the subject, \"Well, what about you? Why didn't you leave for something better?\" \"I stayed for love, you know,\" Nancy answered, her normally broad smile growing faint. She glanced down at her feet, then out past the groups of people passing by before she continued, \"When I was growing up, my parents were almost always working. I never really got to hang with them, so I spent that time with my big brother, Eric. We were real close, you know. When the school bells rung, we booked it out of there so we could hang together just truckin' along. One of my jokes with him is that he'd never find a girl who'd care about him as much as I did and that I'd be the one who would take care of him forever. He'd laugh and call me a square when I said it. \"I died in that intersection, Sam,\" Nancy pointed to the intersection off to their left as cars came and went their way through it. \"We were walking home from watching Jaws 2 in 1978 and Eric was just raving about how great the film was, dreaming on like usual. We were crossing the intersection when some jerk went ahead and blew through the red light. Eric... He would of never seen the car coming, but I did. I did what I had to do, you know. I shoved my brother out of the way and the next thing I know it's 'good night, John-boy' for me. \"I saw the light a bit later, but all I could really focus on was my brother. He was freaking out, just trying to snap me out of it and calling out the driver.\" Nancy took a deep breath before tearing her eyes away from the traffic to meet Sam's eyes, \"Eric wasn't ready for me to go, and I wasn't all too keen on the idea either. Then, of all times, that funky little joke I used to make popped into my head. It's funny, you know, I was on my way out and I remember a joke, well, actually more like a promise to my brother that I couldn't break. I walked away and the light just vanished, I hadn't seen it since and I doubt I will until my promise is fulfilled. Point is, I walked away because I loved my big brother so much and there was still somethings I had to do. Can you dig that, Sam?\" \"So, you're telling me that I walked away because there's something I still need do for Molly?\" \"You betcha,\" Nancy nodded, her attention briefly focused on scooting a penny she had just found with her foot out towards where the people passing by could see it. \"There's always some truth to that saying that ghosts only stick around because there's something we need to do. There's always something we need to do before we move on. You know, whether it's making sure everything is peachy for your loved ones, watching out for them, or finding out a way to say 'I love you' one last time.\" The single word he had always said in response to those three words ricocheted through him mind like a bullet. Ditto. Why did he always say that to Molly? Why couldn't he just kept his oddities to himself just once and said those three precious words to her? Sam knew he loved her, he could feel it with every fiber of his ghostly existence. He now knew why he had walked away from the light, despite the shock and the grief that was flowing through him at that time, there was that yearning to tell Molly that he loved her. \"Say, jack, I think you got it,\" Nancy pulled him from his thoughts with a successful grin, \"You found out that reason why you're here.\" \"Yeah, I guess I did,\" Sam admitted sheepishly. His gaze moved from Nancy to a yellow school bus that had just stopped at the corner of the block and began letting off it's students. Nancy glanced from Sam to the bus then back to Sam. \"It's quiet amazing to see the love you have for your Molly,\" she admitted, \"you take it with you and share it with her, would ya? She's the reason why you're still here.\" Nancy stopped as she saw a particular student get off the bus. This student was a boy with an all too familiar head of straw blonde hair and big brown eyes, wearing a green and navy striped shirt with a dark pair of jeans and toting around a Talespin backpack that was too big for him. \"That's my nephew, Danny,\" Nancy pointed him out to Sam, \"he and his little sister, Sarah, are the one of the reasons I'm still here and will be for a good while. He just started school this year, and even though Eric and Theresa let him walk a block to and from the bus stop, I've been walking with him just to make sure he's okay.\" She glanced over at Sam and flashed him a smile, \"Well, Sam Wheat, it was really great to talk with you, but as they say, duty calls.\" \"Take care.\" With that, the ghost girl he had encountered ran off after her nephew, slowly and carefully following behind him as he walked back to his home through the city streets. He couldn't help but smile at the girl's happiness, her reason to stay on Earth. Sam thought about what Nancy had said to him; he knew that she was right, far more wiser than her Earthly years would have permitted her. He set off down the street in the direction of Oda Mae's, a renewed sense of purpose of protecting his Molly. ","Summary":" Author's Note - 9/18/12 Hey guys! I started writing this one over the summer, but I didn't really f"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Ghost Smoke","Author":"SarahShalomDavid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5930323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fiction was written because I think they are mean by not allowing him to have the cigs! The BIG mistakes in this movie is that some times they allow ghosts to touch but other times they don't ! Why can't he smoke then? ORIGINAL QUOTE FROM MOVIE UNDERLINED [ Looking longingly at a pack of cigarettes ] Subway Lord : Ahh what I wouldn't give for a drag! Just one drag! Sam Wheat looked confused, \"Hang on but only two seconds ago you said that we could touch and hold things when we concentrate on them, so why can't you at least hold it and try to smoke it?\" The lord grinned, \"I like you kiddo\" he exclaimed and bent down, concentrating on the cigarette packet and picked it up Sam stood there watching him as he extracted a cigarette from the packaging and put it into his waiting lips, struggling a few times, he finally managed it and looked at Sam, \"You got a lighter?\" Sam shook his head, and laughed \"Nope, I spose you'll have to wait?\" Subway Lord, \"Nah I'll just take one from one of the people from the train\" he said and vanished Sam looked where he had gone and shook his head, bloody nut ","Summary":" This fiction was written because I think they are mean by not allowing him to have the cigs! The BI"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Don't Tell Ghost Stories","Author":"Diana Skyler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9411778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please Reviews Chapitre 1 : When you're ready come and get it... Na na na … Je clignais des yeux, la maisonnette aux fleurs avait quelque chose de changer. Pourtant, elle ne changeait pas. Depuis mes huit ans, l'âge depuis lequel j'avais le droit de rentrer à la maison seule, elle n'avait pas changé. Pourtant aujourd'hui quelque chose était différent. La peinture était pourtant restée là-même, le même blanc écaillé depuis toute ces années. La barrière en bois était également inchangée. Il manquait un piquet, rien d'extraordinaire en somme. Pourtant... Quelque chose, je ne saurais dire quoi, était différent. Je haussais les épaules, n'apportant pas plus d'attentions à cette maisonnette et continuais le chemin jusqu'à chez moi. En arrivant, je remarquais les cartons entassés dans l'entrée. Je me dirigeais vers la cuisine, c'était souvent là que se trouvait ma mère lorsque je revenais du lycée. Et encore aujourd'hui elle s'y trouvait, en train de préparer un gâteau, comme à son habitude. Elle avait toujours adoré cuisiner, ce n'était pas une chose que je voyais changer un jour, ce serait comme si je me décidais à arrêter l'équitation : Improbable. « - Bonne journée ? Lui demandais-je après l'avoir saluée. - Super. Et au fait, ton entraîneur a appelé. Il faut que tu ailles au centre équestre pour t'entraîner le plus tôt possible. Si il faut, il préparera Toundra. Il veut vraiment que tu réussisses ce concours, c'est gentil de sa part. - C'est vrai. En même temps, Luke a l'esprit de compétition, il ne laisserait jamais sa meilleure cavalière perdre le concours de San Angeles. - Ravena... Ne pense pas comme ça, ce n'est pas juste pour l'esprit de compétition, ton oncle veut que tu soies heureuse, c'est tout. Ah oui, j'avais oublié de préciser, mon entraîneur est aussi mon oncle, du côté de mon père, plutôt cool, non ? - Bon et bien dans ce cas j'y vais de suite. » Je ne prends pas le temps de lui parler de mon interrogation à propos de la maison aux fleurs, ça attendra. Pour l'instant, j'ai plus important à faire. Surtout que je dois monter Toundra le plus souvent, ma jument a à peine quatre ans. Il faut donc que je l'entraîne le plus souvent possible, afin qu'elle soit au mieux pour le concours. ","Summary":" Please Reviews Chapitre 1 : When you're ready come and get it... Na na na … Je clignais des yeux, l"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Cleaning Cry Baby's Car","Author":"flight 29 down girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12133026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: This is my first Cry Baby fic. so go easy. An imagine story. You are best friends with a Drape girl named Pepper Walker. You came from the Northeast and have had your eye on who the entire school calls Cry Baby. Today when Pepper called you to come over and hang out, you didn't expect him to be there as well. Pepper is of course Cry Baby's sister but she said he was supposed to be busy until later that day. You sigh when you see a teardrop fall from his eyes. He must have decided to come home early. He whistles when he sees the new addition to the house. \"Hey Pep, you never told me you had a friend.\" Cry Baby says eyeing you up and down. You promise yourself you won't go watery in front of him but blush as he turns you around checking you out. He likes what he sees and nods his head but only you see it. Pepper tells her grandmother Ramona that she is going to take the kids to the park. \"Okay. Have fun.\" Pepper leaves you (gulp!) alone with her bad bot brother and he leans against the dirty car you see him drive to school every day. Ramona hands you a hose to vacume the inside of the car out and you take it as Cry Baby stands closer to you and starts making you realize that he is watching you vacume out the car. he smiles from over the top of his sunglasses and leans foreward to help you. \"Here sugar like this.\" He touches your hand and you let him guide it back and forth on the rug of the car so you can get all the dirt off of the carpet. He feels warm against your hand and you smile. It just got hotter outside. You move around to the backseat and Cry Baby lets you start vacuuming the car but his hand finds it's way onto yours and helps you. \"I got it. Thanks anyway.\" you say but he just moves closer to you. The bottom of his leather jacket brushes your shirt and you find yourself giggling. Stop it! you tell yourself but he has already noticed. \"It's okay y/n.\" Cry Baby says watching you stretch over to the other side... Okay so let me know what you think. If I should continue or not.[Chapter 2] You have to stretch all the way over to the other side of the car to reach the dirty part. Cry Baby's eyes are on you and he stares as you clean. You feel the weight in the car shift and he is leaning over ontop of you. You get chils along the back of your neck and laugh at how this feels. \"Cry Baby. Stop.\" He has got you pinned down and is laying on his stomach. He reaches over and shuts the vacume off and looks so his grandmother is gone before continuing. \" I really like you y/n. I always wanted to talk to you at school but I was too shy.\" You are able to twist yourself around so you can see his face. He slips a tear down his eye again and smiles. \"In fact I think I am in love with you.\" You are happy and shocked as he says this. Cry Baby Walker is in love with me! you think to yourself and then he takes you in his arms and touches your face with one of his rough hands. \" Kiss me if you want to y/n. I like you and I want to do it too.\" You are unsure and ask his permission. \"Of course baby. You are my girl now.\" \"I am?\" \"Yes.\" He leans in and kisses you and you smile against his mouth. \"Cry Baby? Y/n?\" Ramona calls. You are in the middle of kissing and open your mouth ready to let go as Cry Baby slips his tounge into your mouth and starts to take off his jacket. \"Not here Cry Baby. We can't.\" \"Okay sugar. Sorry I got carried away there.\" you both get out and go around to vacume the trunk. \"No playing around in here okay? It's dangerous.\" You focus and finish the trunk. Then you do the windows without much distractions from Cry Baby. You move onto the seat as you try and vacume the rugs without hitting your head. Then he whispers \"Y/n you are so beautiful.\" And you can't help but let him kiss you. \" I love you Cry Baby.\" you say and he smies with teeth really big because he is so happy. A tear slips down again and you kiss it off his face. \"I love you too baby girl.\" he says and you finish cleaning out the rest of his car. When you are done, he let's you inside and says \"I have a surprise for you.\" You wait as he tells you to close your eyes and not to peek. You open them when Cry Baby says to and see the surprise. \"Pepper said we should wait and give it to you for your birthday, but I couldn't. I had to do it now so here you are.\" He smiles and you read the card. \"Because you are my queen.\" A black leather jacket that is small enough to fit you with the words \"Cry Baby's Girl\" writin on the back of it. \" Welcome to the Drapes y'n.\" Cry Baby says as Pepper comes back from the park with her kids. \"Now everyone in school will know you are my sugar.\" He kisses you and you let him. This has been one of the best days of your life.[Chapter 3] Cry Baby smiles big. \"Hey sugar wanna go somewhere hep?\" \"Where?\" you wonder as he tosses you a towel and says \"I won't look.\" You laugh because it is so not true. He looks every time the chance comes. \"Let's just say I change in front of you and you behave! Deal?\" He rolls his eyes. \"Baby... please? I promise but-\" You grab him by the jacket \"What Cry Baby?\" He says this with a little whining in his voice yearning for you. \"Y'n you are just so beautiful.\" \" I know. I know but you gotta try.\" He starts kissing you then and breath comes in hard and fast as he moves down your face and moves his hands in your hair. \" Want some help with that?\" you ask making it easier for Cry Baby Walker to get what he wants. You let him explore with his eyes shut and his hands acting as his eyes and you laugh when he reaches the ticklish spots. \"God y'n.\" He says \"Don't do that. Not when I have to behave.\" You laugh loudly. \"Behaving is done. You pretty much tossed it out the window when you started this.\" \"You like it baby? You want more?\" He bites your lip and sees a tear forming in your eyes and asks you why you are crying. \"Because you-\" I know.\" he says as he switches putting you back up against the wall. \"Clothes off or on?\" He breathes as far as you can tell that was what he said. You respond as best you can. \"Whatever you want Cry Baby.\" And he tears you free.[Chapter 4] Cry Baby is in love with you. \"Lenora says sye's gonna have your baby.\" You say and Cry Baby stress at you like you have two heads. \"She loves you you know?\" He nods and shakes his head. \"\"But I love you y/n. That's just a sad rumor she stared to get on my back. She's a tramp. You're not.\" \"But what's the difference between us?\" He explains. \"Leonara's a pig with really small-\" You cut him off somehow getting upset enough to cry. \"So are mine! See?\" \"Oh no y'n no. Not like that.\" \" Well you said she had-\" \"Baby... Oh no... don't cry...\" \"She's not my type.\" \"Don't say that!\" \" You are.\" You only cry harder into your hands and he holds you as close as you can get sitting up. you tend to get extremely body and self conscience and you really have a hard time letting go of the fact that you are built on the smaller side. \"Don't sweet sugar. Shhh.\" Cry Baby comforters you and you push him away. \"Don't touch me right now okay. I don't want you to.\" He parts and stays holding your hand from his place on the now mesy bed. \"Let me make it up to you y/n.\" Cry Baby says with puppy eyes and tears coming out of both eyes. He has just learned how to cry using both eyes which means he really, really, realy wants to do something. \" Please?\" He whimpers a little and you don't see. He crawls over onto your lap and whines like a wounded puppy and starts kissing you again. He moans your name and whines again making you laugh. \"You a dog today?\" He barks and you laugh harder as he nuzzles his way under your arm and you scratch Cry Baby's head. He rolls over. You smile and cover him back up with the blanket that is on his bed. \" You ready to let me back in baby?\" You sit him up and kiss him on the mouth like you had been before. Until both of you can't see anything but stars.[Chapter 5] The sun shines into the room waking you up. \"Cry Baby.\" you moan as he shifts his weight to more on top of you. \" I can't take you anymore.\" He moans not wanting to move. \"Weren't we gonna go-\" \"I don't wanna.\" Don't make me leave you.\" he says breathing on your chest. \"But we can't just stay here all day.\" \"Who's house is this y/n?\" You look around at the room and sigh. \"Yours.\" \"Then we can do whatever I want because I am the boss.\" \"Not just five minutes ago you weren't.\" He has an idea with an evil gleam in his eyes. The bad boy must not be messed with and you know it. \"Let me show you then.\" He starts kissing you again and he pull you up into his body but you are out of bed and getting your flannel shirt and purple pants back on before Cry Baby can register what's happening hiting his head on the bed. Empty sheets. \" Damn.\" \"Are you okay Cry Baby?\" \" No. Not anymore. But I was perfectly fine having you as my pillow earlier.\" You laugh and play with him. \"Come out and get me.\" His face changes and he huddles down deeper into the covers. \"It is cold.\" You go back over and use your hands to warm him up. \" Mmmmm That fels so good.\" The smile you love comes back onto his face and Cry Baby shuts his eyes blissfully loving a free message from you. \"Do more.\" You get ontop of him and he starts to laugh. \"Is Lenora who you want doing this?\" \"Uh Uh.\" \"Why?\" \"Because she's her and you are you and you are my y/n.\" Cry Baby says and you drop down and kiss him and your hands message his back harder. \"Damn. That's it. That hurts.\" You stop. \"Kepp going.\" You continue. \"But it hurt.\" \"I just get tense there. The shoulders you know.\" You nod and talk to him. \"Is it part of your bad boy image?\" \"Yeah. You are part of my image too.\" \"But I love you.\" \"So do I sexy.\" You go as hard as you can and Cry Baby moans as you make his shoulders feel better. \" You gonna take your jacket off?\" \"Can you do it for me?\" You roll your eyes and he laughs. \" Of course.\" You get up and crawl back in. \"You came back baby. Yay!\" You smile. \"Cry Baby, Cry Baby, Cry Baby.\" \"What y'n?\" \"Kiss me.\" You let him flip you over. \"Shut up and just kiss me.\" He does and breaks of. \"Can we just stay here all day cuddling like this please?\" He cries for you out of one eye. \"I want you.\" his voice gets rougher, hoarse \"I NEED you.\" Cry Baby Walker starts moving in and out fast and you have to try and keep up. \"I love you too y/n.\" he says and you can tell he means it. \"I love you more than I have ever loved anyone else in my entire life.\" \"I love you so much.\" \"Me too sugar.\" He moves faster and you explode. \"Cry Baby!\" He follows you shortly afterward and you fall asleep again inside each others arms.[Chapter 6] The water stretches out in front of you for miles. Cry Baby wanted to go to the beach and you dragged him up and out of bed because you can and he listens to you. He smiles and stands on one end of the beach and tells you to stand on the other. \"y/n. Run to me and I will catch you.\" \"Okay.\" you say. That sounds like fun. \"Now listen very carefully because you gotta do something for me.\" \"Anything.\" \"If you miss my arms when you jump in the air and we fall down onto the sand, you loose and I win. If You land in my arms when you jump in the air you win and I loose.\" \"What happens then?\" \"I kiss you and you kiss me depending on who wins.\" \"Okay. \"I'll explain it more clearly as we go.\" You run and jump into Cry Baby's arms. Your feet covered with sand. \"That's a win for you.\" Cry Baby kisses you on the mouth fast and sets you back down. \"You go again.\" You run and he steps out of the way. \"You missed me baby. I win.\" You get up and kiss him. \"That's the game. And later we got more options for prizes at it.\" Later on, the sun goes down and the beach you are on is deserted. It is quiet. \"Okay new rules.\" Cry Baby says as you have been playing his game for hours. Both of you never getting tired of it. Kissing each other. It feels good to both of you. \"What are they?\" \"Get in the water and I will show you.\" Cry Baby can swim pretty good and you are learning how to swim. He stays where you can reach and gently pulls you deeper into the warm water. \"I love you y/n. This is the best date I have ever been on.\" You smile as he leads you out and you have to tread water to stay afloat. \"Y/n this is something I have never told anyone before but I feel comfortable with you so can I tell you a secret?\" \"You can tell me anything Cry Baby.\" He smiles and goes under water. You see bubles and know where he is. You feel him on you and feel the water helping as Cry Baby kisses you and slowly comes back to the surface. \" Mmmmmm. You tase like sugar, sugar.\" You are held up and above the water as Cry Baby nuzzles his face into your wet stomach. He bites it a little making you laugh. \"You want that baby?\" He does it again. \"Stop!\" \"It feels so good right? I knew you'd love this too. I love you more then the moon and stars combined y'n. More than anything in the world.\" You have never heard Cry Baby say those things to anyone before so you can tell he must really mean them if he says them for the first time to you. \"I got you babe.\" Cry Baby sings you the song and you smile. You don't know the words to that one so you let him sing it to you. \"I got you babe.\" He kisses you and pulls you tightly around his waist. Your legs find their way arounf him and Cry Baby floats with you in the water alone on the beach. The moon and stars have started emerging and you see their reflection in his brwn eyes. He smiles and you touch a spot on his eye. \"Is that a tattoo?\" \"I got it the other day. It's a lonely teardrop.\" You study him from your place inside his arms. The white shirt he wore into the water clings to his skin and you very much try not to look at the things you see in it. \" Wow. Is there a story there?\" \"Real tears just wash away but this one's for you y/n and I want it to last forever. I want you to last forever with me. I want us to last forever.\" You are touched by this and kiss him. \"Sweetheart make love to me.\" you find your self saying but then you cover your mouth. How could you say something like that to him outright? You blush and Cry Baby leans his cheek against your hot face. \" I knew you were blushing. Come on tell the truth. You love me as badly as I do.\" You nod. \"Okay yeah I do.\" He touches your face. \"y/n there's nothing to be ashamed of in this. It's not against the law to be afraid. I love you and you love me and that's all that we need to know. Because nothing else matters.\" You breath out. \"I can't breathe Cry Baby.\" you say and he feels short of breath too. \"Is... Is it... okay with you y'n? Making love together I mean?\" You smile and hold him tighter. \"I want you. I need you. I love you too Cry Baby Walker.\" \"Wade.\" You are confused. \"You can call me Wade if you want to. Pepper and the others know that's my rel name but none of them ever call me that but you are special and you can call me either one. Whatever you want.\" You smile and brush the wet hair out of his eyes. \"You're sexy Wade Walker.\" \"And you feel real sexy.\" You laugh and he pulls you close. \"Dive with me sugar girl.\" he says. \"You aren't gonna melt.\" You dive down into the water and find each other's lips. You can't French kiss because you are holding your breath but you kiss anyway underneath the waves of the beach. Cry Baby's new talent is kissing underwater. You like it but need to breath so you travel back up to the surface and take a huge breath because you nedd it. \"Ohhhhhh.\" \"mmmmmm. ' The warm air hits you and you help each other take clothes off. Noises ensue and you laugh because of the way you let yourself sound. \"mmm babe?\" \"Huh?\" \"Just give into it. Don't try to stop it unless you are uncomfortable. If you are then I promise I will stop.\" \"No I'm not. Don't.\" \" Okay.\" You both explode and come off the high with your bodies entangled with the water. \" You are so amazing Cry Baby.\" \"I have never been so happy\" he says and you trudge your way back out the the shore. Your feet are sandy so Cry Baby picks you up and carries you bridal style up the beach back to his car. You are piggy backed to it and placed down in the backseat as he finds a dry towel to help with the sand and climbs in driving you home. Back to his house. \"I don't have any dry clothes.\" \"You can borrow some of mine then.\" He says as he catches his breath. \"Are you sure Cry Baby?\" \"He look sat you through the rearview mirror. \"Y'n. baby, I just gave you myself back there. He smiles as you remember everything that happened as clear as the stars that watched it all go down. \"You are asking my permission to share?\" \"Yes.\" \"Baby.\" You are at the house now and he stops the car. \" Come inside with me sweetheart.\" He carries you insdie like this is a honeymoon and sets you on the bed. You put on a warm big baggy sweatshurt and some sweatpants in Cry Baby's drawer. He shuts off the lights. \"Sleepover?\" \"Okay. If you're sure it's okay.\" Cry Baby shakes his head. \"Baby... don't.\" \"What?' \"Don't worry about it.\" \"Why?\" The lights are off and his bed is warm. Cry Baby crawls in in his pajamas and bare feet and no sand. He kisses you. A really good Frech kind of kiss and looks you straight in the eyes. His eyes shine and he cries a tear happy and excited. \"Y/n. I just gave you myself. Virginity and all. Everything. You are allowed to sleep here and borrow my dry clothes anytime you want. You can have anything you want. You have my heart now and forever okay? Practically all of it is yours now. Everything I have is yours. I love you enough to give you my soul. Kisses like this every day all the time. I love you so much y/n. \" This goes on and on for a long time. Cry Baby professes his love for you as long as he can stay awake. Beofre you nod off you hear Cry Baby say this in a soft whisper almost like the flutter of a butterfly's wings. \"Y'n. my love, everything I have is yours. I love you.\" He sleeps soundly with his head on your chest where he can hear the beat of your heart. \"I love you too Cry Baby.\" He smiles a goofy, happy smile in his sleep. \"Goodnight sugar.\" ","Summary":" Note: This is my first Cry Baby fic. so go easy. An imagine story. You are best friends with a Drap"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Say Goodbye To The Good","Author":"Writingadventuringpiratelass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9543166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my version of Cry baby I guess. I mean what else is there to say. Allison's gone and instead a new drape-ette is in. I don't own anything except for my characters Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiing! Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing! \" Isabella, Dario time to get up dears, can't be late on our first day now can we\" I groaned and moved the blanket off my face \"Ma why do I gotta get up and go to school with a bunch of squares\". \"Yeah Ruff's right we shoulda just stayed in Louisiana\" I heard my brother Dario yell from the other room. Damn these walls are to thin, I guess I'll try being really quiet when I got a boy over. \"Ru- Isabella you were the one who suggested this school in the first place\" I looked up to see my Creole mother standing in front of me with her white laced gloved hands on her hips. I rolled my eyes and got up from my bed. I brushed down my short pink frock \"Ma I just suggested we travel on a vacation to aunt and uncle Presley's for the summer not live here\". The real reason was that Aunt Presley told me there was a woman who sold bike parts cheap here named Ramona. \"Well it's a nice small town and not as chaotic and loud as Louisiana, now get up I bought you this new dress and I expect you to wear it\" she started going through my closet gagging at the leather skirts and cleavage showing skirts. I only stared at my mother wondering how she ever thought of converting to a square. Dario told me when he was a kid before Pa died Ma was one wild, crazy drape. Her real name was Ruff before she turned square, she named me after her because we both have the same birthmark of a paw print on our left arm and when we were born the doctors smacked us we both barked at them. My brother Dario \"the dog\" Williams got his name because, well ever since he was a tike he's always been lucky with the ladies. I looked like her twin though. We both had dark caramel colored skin with brown curly hair, and the same curvy figure and black almond-shaped eyes. My brother looked exactly like Pa. He was handsome, had a lot of muscles, and was tall too. He could knock any guy out with one punch if he wanted to, believe me I've seen him do it. \"Here it is, go ahead and put it on honey\" my mom shoved the box full of square clothes in my hands. I put the itchy uncomfortable clothes on and looked in the mirror. I rolled my eyes \"Ma the blouse doesn't show any cleavage and the skirt's too long\" momma looked offended \"I think it looks nice, Dario come in here and tell your baby sister how nice she looks\" my brother popped his head in the doorway and immediately burst into laughter. \"I didn't know my baby sis was a square\". I just stuck my tongue out at him \"shut up jerk\". \" Isabella Williams a lady does not insult people, especially her big brothers\" my mom exclaimed I just sighed and nodded\" Now hurry breakfast is ready and I made your favorite oatmeal\" she smiled at me and walked out. \"Well at least that's good news\" I mumbled and walked up to my closet. I took off the dress and put the new outfit my aunt had bought me. It was a leather skirt and a red button up blouse with white polka dots, she also bought me red pumps. When I finished I hid it all with a trench coat and brushed my hair down until it was in the dark curly ringlets I've grown to love. I put on my red lipstick, mascara and black eyeliner. I smiled and winked at myself in the mirror. This'll show them who's the boss. \"Perfect\" I walked into the kitchen, my pumps click clacking on the tiles and slumped into a chair. My brother looked up from devouring what was probably his third bowl of oatmeal and smiled when he saw the trench coat. I smiled back and winked at him. \" Well, well dear if you hadn't taken so long on your pretty little face you would have gotten more\" my mom said and placed a bowl in front of me. I finished eating the spoon sized serving in seconds and just shrugged. \" It's fine after school I'm going to that place Aunt Presley told me about, Turkey Point\". my mom gasped and if even possible some color flushed from her face. \"Isabella I can't believe you would want to go to that God awful place, and you can't anyway there's a meeting you two have to go to, it's being held at our home and its to introduce the family into the community\" me and my brother groaned. \"Great a meeting full of squares\" Dario mumbled. My mom smacked his hand \"Dario it's only a short three hours\". \"Three Hours!\" Dario and I groaned in unison. \"Yes three hours\" my mom said \"now get going it's time for school\" she smiled. I rolled my eyes she would be happy about that. Me and Dario had to go to different high schools because the one I'm going to doesn't accept people with that low of a GPA. I love him and he may look good but he's as dumb as a post. \"Whatever I'm going\" I said and got up from the table. I walked out of the kitchen and grabbed my red purse next to the door. I got my Pa's black leather jacket from the coat rack and stuffed it in my bag. \"You need a ride\" my mom yelled I shuddered at the thought of the shiny square car \"No thanks Ma I'm fine\". \" Be careful at school sis don't let any guys touch your tit's\" Dario yelled I smirked and closed the door. We'll just have to wait and see what happens . I looked around me at all the happy smiling square faces and bleched. \"Squares, disgusting\" I mumbled. I walked up to my red motorcycle. It used to be Pa's before he passed he named it lil' red, or red for short. I got on and headed towards the school. All around the town people were staring at me and I would just smile. They should start saying hello to the monster from their nightmares. I rolled up to the school looking at all the squares around me. \"Aren't there any drapes in this town\" I mumbled. \" Sure are honey and you just parked your bike in front of their car\" I turned around and screamed. Staring right at me was one of the most ugly faces I've ever seen. I clutched my chest \" God lady don't scare me like that\" I gasped. \"That there's Hatchet Face, she didn't mean you no harm darlin'' I heard a nice deep voice say. I looked behind the girl and saw four people standing behind her. One of the guys walked up to Hatchet and put his arm around her waist. I raised my eyebrows. I guess he's already taken. \"Your name is\" a girl said behind her, she was blond with blue eyes and sucking on a lollipop as if her life depended on it. \"Well mamma tell her your name\" another girl said next to her. She had black hair and looked about 9 months pregnant even though she was already big. I narrowed my eyes at them and started unbuttoning the coat \"Listen I might be new here but I ain't no square you can talk to like that and not expect to get talked back too, if you wanna know my name its Ruff and I'm a drape\" I said then took off the trench coat revealing the outfit under. I stuffed the coat into my purse and took the leather jacket out of my bag and put it on. \"Well aren't you a little mystery \" I heard the same male voice that had spoken to me say. I looked at the man and let out a small puppy whimper under my breath. This guy was a total babe. He was wearing typical greaser clothes the blue jeans, black leather jacket, white shirt and his hair had the normal rebellious curl. What had caught me first was the sad, handsome look he had on his face, almost like he's been hurt his whole life. I almost lost my cool but then remembered I was Ruff Williams daughter of the baddest man in Louisiana and descendant of what's sometimes called the worst family in history and I intend to keep that title. I smirked and winked \"I'm just waiting for the right boy to come along and solve that mystery babe\" then I walked off, wiggling my hips. Pa would've been proud.[Chapter 2] So what do you think? I need your opinion in order for it to be better so...yeah. Please review that's how this relationship will work. I write you read. And review. Please review. Ok I'm done now. Let's hear more about Ruff. I decided to walk around the school for a little while before I got into class, just to get to know it. Even though class has already started I think they'll buy that excuse. I found the bathrooms and my locker and a good makeout spot under the stairs. I got bored and looked at the slip of paper and started walking to class. A2, A3,A4, Here it is class A5. I walked into my classroom and immediately heard gasps. \"Ms. Williams, nice of you to join us\" the teacher said in her high pitched voice, I just nodded. \"Please sit\" the teacher motioned to the seats. I walked towards the empty seat in the back and plopped down in it. I started studying my nails. \" Mr. Walker that's strange you came in right after Ms. Williams here\" I heard the teacher say I looked up from my nails and saw the drape who I had talked to earlier standing in the doorway. He looked at me \"Well that's because him and Ms. Williams had some business to discuss you know drapes\" I heard one of the squares yell, I just rolled my eyes \"In his wet dreams\" I said. He winked at me. \" Well sit down Mr. Walker there's an empty seat right next to your business associate\" The teacher said and got back to her lesson. He started walking down the rows of seats and sat in the one next to me. \" Hi Ruff why'd you leave so fast like that darling?\" I smirked \"I took a little tour of the school and anyways why do you care?\" I looked up from my nails and almost lost it all over again. This guy was really getting to me. I mean I've had plenty of drape and scrape boyfriends before and plenty randevous to go with all them but this guy makes me melt almost as soon as he talks to me and no guys ever had that ability. He smiled. Dear sweet Jesus help me. \"May you please be quite back there\" The teacher exclaimed. I rolled my eyes and looked away from the guy \"Sorry Mrs...\" I looked at the board for her name \"Sheldon and it's Ms.\" I bit my lip to keep from laughing. \"Sorry Ms. Sheldon but you might as well get used to it by now seeing as how I was the baddest girl in New Orleans I intend to be the baddest girl in Baltimore\" I said emphasizing the Ms. I gestured towards the board \"Go ahead, teach the class it's, your job right\" She seemed shocked but turned back to the board. I heard the guy chuckle \"Someone to solve that mystery right\" he asked. I smiled \"Yes but I asked you a question first now give\" \"Well when a pretty new drape rides into this town you gotta hang on to her as long as you can\" He whispered to me. I'm glad you can't see cherries through a chocolate bar. \"Now your mystery\" He said, I smiled at him \" Yes my mystery, you think you've solved it Babe\" I leaned in closer to him \"Wait what is your name by the way?\" I asked him. \"Wade Walker, but call me Crybaby\" I smiled. \"Well Crybaby as you already know my names Ruff but I have a reason for it, what's yours\" BRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING \"Damn that bell\" I said. Crybaby and I got up. \"Will I be seeing you again darlin?\" I smiled and grabbed my purse \"Depends Crybaby if I like you I'll be seeing you before the day ends if not to bad\" I said then walked away. The day went through normally. All the teachers were square along with all the students except for me, Crybaby and his gang. It was last period now and I wasn't paying attention as usual, that is until I heard the Teacher say the word \"Shots\". \"Excuse me what is this about shots?\". Mr. Perrington turned to look at me \"Well Ms. Williams if you pay attention once in a while you would understand that today we are getting our vaccines for the beginning of the school year\". \"Well I'm not getting them\" \"You have to get them Ms. Williams now please get out of your seat so we all can\" He started walking towards me along with 5 other squares. \"No I'm not\" I gripped the desk and hung on as if my life depended on it and growled at them. \"Boys\" the teacher said. Immediately all the square boys grabbed me and were literally dragging me to the nurses office. \"Hey get off me! This is against my rights! Don't touch me there!\" I yelled and started to fight and bark. All the kids were staring and turning to look at me as they dragged me towards the nurses office. \"What the hell are you looking at!\" I yelled at a group of boys who were staring. They immediately backed up. I eventually stopped yelling but still fought barking and growling. As we kept walking/dragging I looked down the corridor and saw Crybaby struggling against a group of boys that were dragging him too. \"Crybaby help me!\" I yelled \"Sorry Ruff but I'm kinda busy myself here!\" he yelled back . My group carried me into the door Crybaby's following soon after. We both shoved the squares off of us and started walking up towards the doctors and sat on the stools. I took my jacket off and the doctor wiped some cold stuff on my arm with a cotton ball. As the huge needle pierced my skin I started to whimper. I looked over at Crybaby who was staring at the birthmark on my arm. He looked up at me and I saw a single tear drop down his cheek. I continued to whimper but it was for a different reason now. When they finished we walked away from the doctors. I started to put my jacket back on \"So that's why they call you Crybaby\". He smiled at me \"And that's why they call you Ruff\" I smiled. \"Looks like you solved the mystery babe\" and I walked away towards my locker . I got my purse and headed towards the doors. When I got out I walked towards my bike which Crybaby and his gang were hanging out in front of. \"Ruff right, it looks like we haven't met properly I'm Pepper Crybaby's sister \" the pregnant girl said. Crybaby started going down the line of names. When he finished I smiled \"Well you already know me\" I said. \"Oh that reminds me, show them your birthmark darling\" I smiled. \"Why Crybaby you trying to get me naked now or what\" he looked away and almost blushed. I smirked and took my jacket off showing the paw print on my arm. \"That's why they named her Ruff\" Crybaby said and smiled at me. I smiled back and almost started whimpering all over again. \"Nice\" \"Cool\" \"It looks like a burn\" I just smiled and put my jacket back on \"Anyway I got to get home, Ma's holding a square meeting that I have to be at\" I got on my bike. \"Wait Ruff your Ma's a square?\" Crybaby asked.\"Yeah she used to be a drape, I don't know how she ever turned square anyway I got to be there quick you know how squares get\" I rolled my eyes. Crybaby smiled \"Well I guess I'll be seeing you tonight then Ruff\" I smirked \"I said before and I'll say it again in your wet dreams\" Then I drove off.[Chapter 3] So Ruff as you can see is a total bad girl. How do you think it is with a bad girl? Tell me please I need to know what you think in order for this relationship to work out. Disclaimer: I don't own Crybaby but can own Johnny Depp -hears muffled screams from her room- Johnny shut up I already fed you! Now put the leather jacket on or else! -Picks up basket full of rope, whipped cream, handcuffs and other...things. OH JOHNNY -closes and locks door- While I was on Lil' red I decided to put on some music I switched stations until I heard my favorite song. Women and Cadillac's from the Night Rider's. \" Well, The women and Cadillac go hand in hand. Well the women and Cadillac go hand in hand. Well the woman want a Cadillac she don't want no man. I used to have a woman say she loved me so, I used to have a woman say she loved me so, but now she's got a Cadillac she don't want me no more\". I sang along with the words and almost instantly thought of Crybaby. If we got together and he knocked me up like Pepper what would he do then. Would he treat me like trash and kick me out or would he keep me in his home and take care of me. Speaking of Crybaby was that his car in my mirror. I looked in it and saw Crybaby's Rolls Royce. He honked at me. I looked behind me and waved for him to go around. He just went to the side of me. I heard his radio playing on the same station I had it on and smirked. At least he's got good taste in music. But then he and his group started singing to me. That was unexpected. \" Oh, oh, oh, oh please listen to me\" I laughed and looked at them \"Really!\" I raised an eyebrow. They wouldn't stop so I rolled my eyes and started to sing along \"Hold me, baby, squeeze me. Never let me go! I'm not taking chances because I love him so\" I took my hands off the bars and kicked my feet up to them instead. I put my hands behind my head and looked at them. They all looked surprise but wouldn't stop singing. Neither would I. I looked at Crybaby. \"Oh, gee yes I love him, Yes I need him.\" I made a come here motion with my finger to them \"Why I love that boy\" I saw another car coming close. I pointed to it. He blew me a kiss then went in front of me quick , his gang was whooping and hollering like crazy. I smirked and took my feet off the bars and put my hands back on them. I kept driving until I got home. I rolled up to the house and opened the door. \"Hi Isabella!\" I screamed. I've never seen so many squares in my life especially my house. My mom came in from the kitchen holding a tray of her special chocolate chip brownies that I love. \"Isabella is that anyway to greet your guest\" my mom said she motioned to the squares \"Go ahead say hello\" I let out a small hello. A group of boys and girls my age walked up to me. \"Hi Isabella, I'm Cindy\" She started going down the line of her friends names. When she was done I fake smiled \"Well my names not Isabella it's Ruff and it was nice to meet you squares but I have a date with my room so if you'll excuse me\" I walked towards my room. They still wouldn't give up. \"We'd like to perform a song for you and your family\" she said. I turned around \"Well I only perform for my family sweet cheeks, so I don't know who okayed it but it sure as hell ain't happening\" I turned back around and walked away. \"Your mother okayed it\" I stopped \"Who did\" \"Your mother\" I turned around \" Excuse me for a sec\" I walked to the kitchen and saw my mom talking to a woman in a humongous frilly hat. \"Mother may I please talk to you\". \"Why yes dear, please excuse us\" My mom said to the woman. We walked away from her, when we were far away enough I started talking to her \" Ma what's this about you letting them perform\" my mom smiled but she still looked nervous \"Dear I know your father would've only wanted you to perform but it's time for change\" I rolled my eyes. \"Well sometimes it isn't time for change and you gotta keep things the way they are!\" I started to raise my voice and a couple of people started looking. My mom tried shushing me \"Now, now Isabella please be quite we have guest\" I was only getting angrier \"Mom my names not Isabella, I'm Ruff ok, R-U-F-F and so were you and then Pa died and suddenly you're a square named Felicia. I don't know why you act like I'm the bad one when your no better than me\" I hit a nerve and I could tell by the color of her eyes. Pitch black. Me and Ma have the same color changing eyes, when were happy they're brown but when were angry they turn pitch black. \"Now listen here young lady\" she hissed \"Your Pa may not be alive but he would've wanted a good life for us that's why I turned square and that's why you'll turn square, now sit down and watch the performance\" she walked away. \"Oh and by the way, go ahead and have a brownie I made them especially for you and tell your brother about the performance\" she said back to her old self again. I just sighed and headed back towards my room. I walked by Dario's room and knocked on the door \"Hey you two finish soon in there because they're gonna sing for us\" \"Mom okayed it\" I heard Dario yell \"Yeah she did\" I heard Cindy's high pitched voice say. I rolled my eyes and opened my room door. I saw four boys going through my underwear drawer \"Hey get the hell out of my room!\" They immediately jumped away from my dresser. \"Were sorry\" \"We didn't mean it\" \"Whatever I've heard it all before just get the hell out of my room\" I pointed out the door. They started walking out the door, I saw one try to sneak a pair into his pocket and stopped him \"Ahem\" I held up my hand. He put it in my hand and sighed. \"Now go\" When they had all left I shut the door behind me \"Squares\". I changed out of my clothes into tight leather pants and a yellow short-sleeved shirt. I looked in the mirror and started to fix my makeup. I saw the picture of Pa on the stand and smiled. He wouldn't have let them perform, he would have played on his guitar while I sang my heart out and at the end he would say what he always says after every performance \" You were great darlin\". I realized I had started crying. I looked back in the mirror and saw my mascara starting to drip down. \"Dammit\" I grabbed a tissue and started to wipe my eyes. I heard a knock on my door \"Sis\" Dario said. I finished fixing my makeup \"Come in\". Dario walked in and saw all the tissues on the floor. He sighed \"Listen sis I know Pa would've been mad about this too but Ma won't say otherwise\" \"I know but why did she have to turn square like that\" Dario just shook his head \"I don't know sis but don't worry just wait a little bit and she'll turn back drape in no time, this used to be her and Pa's hometown anyway\" I smiled \"You really think so\" Dario looked like he was thinking and then looked at me \"I don't think so I know so now come on let's go see what the squares have planned for us\". \"Yeah, probably some slow sad song\" I said and got up \"Or some chirpy happy song\" My brother said and pretended to be a square by smiling all cheesy \"Gosh golly, gee wiz it sure is good to have you guys here\" I couldn't help but laughing. We started walking to the living room. \"Glad to see you could finally make it sweet children of mine\" Ma said to us. We smiled \"Sorry Mama\" we said in unison. We walked towards the table she was sitting at and sat down. We watched as the old lady walked up to the little stage they had made \"Welcome Williams family to our sweet little town and thank you for inviting us to your home today we will be performing a song for you. Proudly presenting the Dapper Dans!\" She stepped off the stage and the 4 boys who were sniffing my underwear earlier walked up to the stage. \" Life could be a dream if I could take you up in paradise up above, if you could tell me I'm the only one that you love life could be a dream sweetheart\" They kept looking at me during the whole song. God this is uncomfortable. Dario kept looking over at Cindy who was turning cherry red by now. I rolled my eyes. He would flirt with her. I started to think about Crybaby. I wonder if he can sing good, knowing how his voice is already he could probably out-sing all four of these bozo's. When they finished they're song and got off the stage Cindy stepped up and the music started playing slow. \"My friends all know it how I adore him, I whisper to angels what I'd do for him\" She kept on looking at Dario who waved and smiled at her. I wish Crybaby were here so he could do that to me. Wait what the hell am I thinking I just met the guy and I'm already attached \"I'd wait by the window past seven, and chill when my thrill passes by. His kiss could send me to heaven, into his arms I would fly\" Well you might have a good reason to be. As crazy as it sounds Pa and Ma fell in love at first sight, and Ma was already famous for being a heartbreaker like me then too so just maybe. I looked out the window. When it was over everybody clapped and cheered. My mom decided it was time to say something and walked up from the table \"Thank you all for your wonderful performances. We are glad to be a part of your wonderful community and apart of the glorious society that is-\" VROOOOM! She didn't get to finish. I walked up to the window along with a bunch of other girls. I knew that sound all too well and so did my Ma, it sounded like a motorcycle was in the drive way. \"Move\" Ma said, she looked out the window and immediately turned back to look at me angrily. \"What?\" I asked she just huffed and went to the front door. I looked out the window and immediately smiled. Standing there next to what looked like a brand new bike was Crybaby Walker. He looked at me and smiled. I opened up the window and took off my pumps \"What are you doing?\" a girl asked me I looked at her. \"Getting my kicks while I'm still young\". I jumped out of the window and did a perfect catstand. I got up and brushed my hands off on my pants. \"What took you so long!\" I yelled at him. I put my pumps back on and ran towards him. \"Sorry darlin' time goes fast these days\" he said. I smiled and hugged him \"I barely even know you but I missed you\" I nuzzled my face up against his chest. I could hear his breathing getting heavy and smiled. \"Isabella Williams what do you think your doing with that juvenile delinquent!\" I rolled my eyes and turned away from Crybaby. \"I'm hugging a really good friend and am about to go to Turkey Point\" I said. \"Come on honey\" Crybaby said to me I got on his motorcycle behind him. Ma looked shocked \"Isabella who do you think you are all of a sudden\" I smiled \"I think I'm like you and Pa, Ma remember the story you told me about how Pa took you away on his shiny new motorcycle, well I'm gonna have that story Ma and I want it to be with Crybaby\" I put my arms around his waist and hugged him from behind. Crybaby smiled \"She'll be ok Ms. Williams I'll have her back before you know it\". \"Let's go Crybaby\" I said. He started the engine and we drove away. I smiled and kissed his cheek. \"What was that for?\" he asked me. I smiled \"I've wanted to do that ever since I first saw you\" I looked up at him and saw him smiling. I smiled and realized how much he was like my father. I leaned my head on his shoulder and watched the road as we headed towards Turkey Point.[Chapter 4] Wow three reviews already guys. I blush. Ok I'll never say that again but anyway thanks for the constructive criticism it really helps. And if anyone else was wondering no I'm not going to do the whole story exactly like the movie just replacing Allison. I'm putting my own stuff in this chapter, like aunt and uncle Presley from the first chapter. They're in this chapter too and I based them on my real crazy aunt and uncle Delany so this will be very funny. Believe me, anyway more reviews please, I think I need it. Oh and not to brag but I wrote this on my birthday, July 31st. But published it later. Disclaimer: I don't own Crybaby... but I think Johnny's giving in -looks behind her- Johnny! -Hears a little shuffle from room- Y-yes -furrows eyebrows- are you ok? -hears another shuffle- Actually yeah I do feel kinda ok -smiles- good oh and, what do you want from Mcdonald's? -hears Johnny making little hmm sounds- Chicken nuggets, fries, and a pepsi. We rolled up to a place that to me looked beautiful. It had fake plastic lights and even a jukebox and makeshift stage that looked twenty times better than the ones the squares had at my house. We stopped and got off. \"Here it is\" Crybaby said to me and looked at the place lovingly. I finished for him \"Turkey point, it's beautiful.\" I looked at it in wonder. \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHH!\" I heard the familiar sound of my aunts ear piercing scream. I turned around and saw my aunt and uncle Presley running up to me. \"Ruff your finally here!\" My uncle said in his thick southern accent, they both grabbed me and pulled me into a bone crushing hug. I pulled away and smiled \"I know Ma was keeping me in but I got a boy to break me out\" I said and looked at Crybaby. They looked at Crybaby than me \"Wow Ruff that was faster than I thought\" My aunt said I smiled \"Yeah well it all depends on the first impression\" I said. Crybaby smiled and put his arm around my waist \"Sure does\" he said and looked down at me. My aunts smile grew wider \"Lemme guess, solve the mystery right\" my aunt said. I looked at her. How did she know what I said. Her smile grew wider \"Uh, huh I knew it your Ma used the same approach with your daddy\" I smiled. \"Speaking of your daddy why don't you go on up there and perform, your new in town gotta make your mark\" my uncle said and pointed to the stage. I looked behind me at the stage. \"You can open up before me baby\" Crybaby said to me. I smirked. Finally. \"Great\" I said. \"Good I'll go and ask Ramona to introduce you now\" aunt Presley said. She grabbed my uncle and ran up to who I guess was Ramona. I saw her whisper in Ramona's ear and point to me. Ramona smiled and looked at me. She waved me over and me and Crybaby walked towards her \"That's my grandma Ramona Ricketts\" Crybaby whispered to me while we were walking. I smiled \"She looks cool\" When we walked there Ramona seemed more than happy to see me \"So you're the little troublemaker I've heard so much about\" I looked at my aunt \"Oh you didn't think I wouldn't tell my best friend all about my bad girl niece\" she said. \"Now don't be shy darlin' every drapes welcome round here\" Ramona said and hooked her arm around my waist. She led me away from the group and took me backstage behind the curtains. \"Now what would you like to perform darlin\" I leaned into her ear and whispered the name of the song, she smiled \"Wait right here I got just the band\" she walked away. I stood there and waited for what seemed like 5 minutes and Ramona came back with the kids from the Crybaby gang. \"You already met the Crybaby gang\" she said. I smiled at them \"How you guys been doing have you been practically dying without me?\" I asked and put my hands on my chest dramatically. Hatchet rolled her eyes \"More like living without all the annoying pest to bother us\" Wanda, Pepper and Milton nodded in agreement. I just rolled my eyes and smiled \"That's my girls...and boys\" I said nodding towards Milton. He smiled at me. \"Well since all y'all already know each other here's the song she wants to do\" Ramona whispered it in their ear \"Can y'all do that for her?\" Ramona asked. Pepper nodded \"Of course we can do that for her, it's probably for my brother anyway\" she said and smirked at me. I just smiled and winked \"Got to be some way I can show him I love him\" she smiled back at me. \"Well since y'all are all ready I'll go introduce you\" Ramona said and went out the curtain. \"Good luck\" Wanda said to me. I smiled. \"Thanks\" I'm gonna need it. I heard Ramona yelling a few words and people cheered \"Now I'd like to introduce to you Hatchet, Pepper, Wanda, and Milton!\" The gang walked out from behind the curtain. \"Now I know y'all are expecting my grandson Crybaby but first there's a girl who wants to sing for us today are we gonna let her\" I heard more cheers \"That's what I thought, now I'd like to introduce to you the baddest puppy to ever come out of the litter, you know all about her already thanks to her aunt, Ruff Williams!\" I smirked and walked out on the stage wiggling my hips in a way I saw mom do only once. The crowd cheered even more. I walked up to the microphone. Time to show 'em Pa. \"Ooooooooooohhh, oooooooooooooooooooohyeaaaaaaaaaaah\" \"Ooooooooooooooooooh, Ooooooooooooooooooooooohyeaaaah\" Everybody looked surprised even my aunt and uncle. I haven't sang like that in ages. \"I need a tough lover, yeah, yeah, I need a, a tough lover, wooo, I need a tough lover yeah, yeah I need a tough lover oooooooooooh yeah\" I looked down at Crybaby. \"When he kisses me I get that thrill\" The gang started playing their instruments slow then brought up the tempo. \"When he do the wiggle I wont keep still, I want a tough lover yeah, yeah. A tough lover woo I need a tough lover yeah, yeah. Tough lover uh, uh.\" I started to shake my hips \"The seven sisters got nothing on him I'm talking bout a lover who's fast as the wind, everyone will talk about how he got me fixed, it ain't voodoo it's just that twist. He'll be the greatest lover that ever come to pass Don Juan ain't got half the chance\" I looked down at Crybaby who was smiling at me. I noticed a girl from the side staring daggers at me though I smiled at her. \"He's a tough lover yeah, yeah a tough lover woo he's a tough lover yeah, yeah tough lover uh, huh.\" I ran my fingers up and down my body and earned a lot of cheers from the boys who Crybaby glared at. I wiggled my finger for Crybaby to come here. He smiled and jumped up on the stage. I looked at him. \"He, hey, heyah, he'll make me laugh, he'll make me cry, he'll be so tough when Venus come alive\" He started dancing and doing the pelvic thrust, a move I've never been able to resist. \" He'll do anything that he wants to do\" I stepped my foot forward to make it look like I was stepping on something. \"Step on Jesse James blue suede shoes, yeah\" He grabbed me and twirled me I just playfully pushed him off and kept singing \"Tough lover, yeah, yeah, yeah tough lover wooo, tough lover yeah, yeah\" I took a deep breath \"A tough lover heyeah, yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah a tough lover yeah, yeah a tough lover uh, huh\" I heard all the people cheering and smiled. Crybaby leaned in and whispered in my ear \" You were great darlin\" my smile grew wider. I kissed him on the cheek and walked off the stage next to aunt and uncle Presley, Ramona and another man. Ramona went up to introduce Crybaby. The man who was with Ramona shook my hand \"Hi I'm Belvedere I'm Ramona's husband you can sing real good you know that\" I smiled \"Thanks\". Ramona walked down from the stage and the gang started playing. I watched as Crybaby did an Elvis move and grinned. \"Well one for all and all for one and all we want is to have some fun\" my eyes grew wide. Could he really sing like that. I knew his voice was good but not this good. \"Squares beware of our property, yeah if you're looking to rumble your looking at me cos' I'm the king\" \"King Crybaby\" I sang along with the crowd smiling like a Cheshire cat. \"Yeah I'm the king. King Crybaby with a tear in my eye and if you mess with the king your gonna cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby cry\" The crowd was going crazy. The girl who was glaring at me earlier took off her underwear and threw them at him she looked at me and raised eyebrow. I smirked and to mess with her I put a sloppy wet kiss on my hand and blew it at Crybaby, he smiled and winked at me and blew a kiss back. The girl looked even more pissed by now. Good she shouldn't be messing with my man anyway. \" Well I was born on the wrong side of the tracks in the backseat of a stolen Cadillac, I had my first cigarette before I could walk and I've been strumming this guitar before I could talk. Cause I'm the king yeah I'm the king. A king Crybaby with a tear in my eye if you mess with the king your gonna cry baby cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry\" Hatchet face ran forward and did a solo on her huge saxophone. \"Yeah I'm a lonely king who needs a queen, yeah your the sweetest hunk of sugar that I've ever seen\" He looked at me and winked. I just rolled my eyes at him. \"Ain't got a ring or a crown but if I had your love I'd lose these Crybaby blues!\" Crybaby gestured for me to come up like I did to him. Before I could even do anything the girl who was glaring at me pushed me out of the way and went up to the stage. \"Well let people talk I don't care, let me prove to daddy that I ain't no square\" I cringed and covered my ears. Her singing was terrible to pitchy and off-key. Crybaby cringed too but kept going for the sake of performing. \"Yeah you'll be my queen and I'll be your king but if you leave my hive you're gonna feel my sting cause your my queen\" \"Yeah you're the king\" Crybaby looked down at me and shot me an apologetic look. I smiled and mouthed keep going at them the girl saw us and glared at me again. \"A king Crybaby with a queen by my side\" The girl tried dancing but ended up stepping on his foot. He winced but kept singing. That's my tough lover. \"And if you mess with us man you're gonna cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. Cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. Cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry!\" Wanda ran forward and crashed her triangle. Everybody seemed glad that that was over. The girl and Crybaby got off the stage, the girl hugged Crybaby and it looked like she was trying to kiss him. Oh hell no. My aunt saw them too and looked at me. she nodded for me to go over to them and I smiled. I walked towards them and tapped her shoulder, she turned around and smirked \"What do you want?\". My smile grew wider \"What in the hell do you think you're doing?\". \"Kissing my boyfriend tramp\" I laughed and looked at the floor \"if he's your boyfriend then why is he really not wanting to touch you\" \"Same reason why he doesn't want to touch you\" I stepped up so my face was at least three inches from her. I looked down at her because I was 5'7 and taller than her by at least 5 inches. I growled \"You really wanna start something sweetheart\" she smiled \"Sure doll\" she turned back to Crybaby. That was it. I looked down again knowing my eyes were probably pitch black by now. I flexed my fingers into a fist and whistled. She turned around and in seconds my fist connected with her face. She fell and held her hand up to her face in shock. I smiled \"Never start what you can't finish, oh and by the way never call me doll\" I heard a bunch of cheers and smiled. Crybaby put his arm around my waist \"Come on I wanna take you somewhere\" I looked up at him and smiled \"Ok let's go\" We started to walk. I turned back to look at the girl and smirked. She deserved it.[Chapter 5] Ok I know everyone's waiting for it and I'm about to give it to you. Let's see how Crybaby kisses with a bad girl shall we. Probably a lot more tongue than Allison and less arguing. Were also going to learn how Ruffs dad died, so a little angst too. Thanks for the reviews BelleinWonderland, you've been a great help. Ok anyway on with the story! Disclaimer: I don't own Crybaby -Johnny shakes his head ,his mouth's still full of McDonald's You can sure as hell can shake it up though -smiles- thank you, and it's bedtime -Johnny groans- No buts you haven't slept in maybe three days believe me I know anyway go -Johnny get's up and goes into room- Good boy. Crybaby walked towards Ramona and asked for a blanket. She looked confused at first but then smiled and nodded in understanding, she handed us a blanket from a cabinet and told us to have fun. Crybaby led me to these fields that were full of teenagers on the verge of third base. I raised my eyebrows \"I just met you and your already trying to get me to take my clothes off\" Crybaby smiled and put the blanket down \"I'm not I'm just trying to get to know you\" I smiled and took my pumps off. I began to circle him \"Crybaby you're a guy and just like every other guy you think with what's between you legs and not your head half the time so how do I know your not trying to seduce me\" I finished and stopped in front of him so we were face to face. He smiled at me \"Maybe I'm not like other guys\" he leaned down so his lips were barely brushing mine. My smile grew wider \"Well then...\" I grabbed him by his jacket collar and softly pushed him down on the blanket, he was surprised. I got down and straddled his waist and leaned down to his ear \"We'll just have to see\" I whispered. I started to kiss his cheeks then went up to kiss his forehead, I went down to kiss both his eyelids, which had fluttered closed, then went to kiss his chin. He groaned and tilted my chin so I was finally kissing his lips. I almost lost it but then remembered I was testing him so I ground my hips against his. He groaned into my mouth and grabbed my hips to stop me. He pulled away and literally gulped for air \" Where, gasp, did, gasp you learn that\". I raised my eyebrows \"Nobody's ever done that to you?\" he shook his head. I smiled and leaned to whisper to him again \"You better get used to it then, cause if you wanna be with me there's gonna be a lot more of...\" I ground my hips into his once and smiled at the groaning sound he made \"This\" He nodded \"Yes Ma'am\" I smiled and leaned down to kiss him again but he grabbed my hips and rolled us over so we were on our sides. He started kissing my neck. \"God you don't know what your doing to me Ruff\" he mumbled into my neck. I smiled \"Quite the contrary Crybaby, I know exactly what I'm doing to you\". I pulled away and looked at him, he had this hungry look in his eyes and my smile grew wider \"Exactly\". He leaned back in and kissed me rough and hard. It felt so good I growled into his mouth. He pulled away confused \"Did you just growl darlin?\" I rolled my eyes \"I always growl you doof how do you think I got the name Ruff\" He smiled \"I thought you only got it because of the birthmark\" I growled again\"Less talking more kissing\" I latched my lips back onto his. I felt his tongue brush my lips asking for permission. I suddenly got an idea, I got out of the kiss (needed air anyway) and looked at him \"Have you ever been kissed by a bad girl?\" he looked confused \"Of course darlin, why do you ask\" my smile grew wider. \"I don't mean a bad girl, I mean a bad girl\" I said. He smiled and shook his head his hand started trailing up and down my arm \"No why don't you show me\". I smiled and straddled his hips again. He got up on his elbows and raised an eyebrow at me \"Well?\" I smiled \"Hold your horses Crybaby\" I leaned down so me and him were eye level. \"Well we start out like this\" I said and started to slowly grind my hips against his. He groaned and threw his head back. I leaned down and whispered in his ear \"That feel good baby?\" he let out this high pitched moan that sounded like an animal dying and my grin grew wider. \"I thought so, anyway next we whip our hair out of our face to get a better look at you\" I said and whipped my dark curly hair out of my face. I leaned down \"And then we rub our hands up and down your chest like this\" I started to rub my hands up and down his shirt. Not a lot of muscle but still toned. I looked down at his chocolate-brown eyes and smiled \"Open your mouth\" I said in a sweet voice. His eyes were wide as saucers and he opened his mouth slowly, almost mindlessly. I smiled and leaned down and latched my mouth onto his. My tongue started to tangle with his, fighting for domination. God his mouth tasted so good, a mixture of cigarettes and whisky. I know that most girls would say that's gross but when you're as addicted to both those things as me you grow to love the taste. While our tongues were still fighting for domination, I grabbed his hand and brought it up to my breast. He pulled back \"Are you sure Ruff?\" I smiled \"of course I'm sure otherwise I wouldn't have let you done it\" we smiled at each other then suddenly CRACK! Lightning struck a nearby tree. I jumped off of Crybaby and whimpered. Crybaby got up suddenly angry \"Goddamn lightning!\" I stopped whimpering and looked at him confused \"What's your deal with lightning?\" I asked him. He was going crazy \"Lightning drives me insane!\" He yelled. I got up and grabbed his arm \"Shhh baby just tell me what's the matter\" I said calmly. He calmed down and I felt him relax. \"Electricity killed my parents Ruff\" I looked up at him. He started unbuttoning his shirt. He showed me his chest and the electricity chair tattoo he had on it. I quirked an eyebrow \"Yours too huh?\". He looked at me confused \"Your Pa died in the chair too Ruff?\". I nodded but had to put my head down to stop from crying. \"Why?\" I muttered. \"He was the alphabet bomber. I remember being in the crib and him going A, B, C, D, BOOM! BOOM!\" He made bomb noises trying to explain it. I nodded still keeping my head down, taking deep breaths \"And your ma\" \"She tried to stop him, she couldn't even spell for Christ sakes but they took her too!\" he said getting angrier. He started shaking. I just nodded in understanding \"Well at least it's good yours were killed for a good reason, not your ma though\" I said. He suddenly grabbed me and hugged me. \"Why?\" he whispered in my hair. I couldn't stop it this time. I started crying into his shoulder as I choked out the words. \"I was just a baby...We were so poor and didn't have any food so he had to go out and get some. He stole one loaf of bread and...and they killed him Crybaby!\" I shouted the last words into his shoulder. My mascara was all over him and me now and I thought it would piss him off. That he would push me away, tell me that he had it worse, but he didn't. Instead he hugged me tighter \"Well Ruff I guess that explains why we met, to help fix each other\" he said. I smiled and pulled away to look at him. He had that single tear falling down his cheek again and I wiped it off with my finger \"Now where were we\" I said as I sucked the tear off. He was the one who growled this time and before I knew it, he was taking control. But he wasn't kissing me roughly, he was kissing me passionately instead. Like he was grateful that I was there to help him. In return I did the same because I was grateful he was there to help me. In a strange way I guess you could say that make-out session, was us fixing each other some more. I know I changed the events up this time but did you want it to be the same story just with Ruff? Any way I don't know if this is too um...R rated for some people but if it is just tell me. So uh...that's it I guess. NOT WITH THE STORY! Just the chapter. So bye.[Chapter 6] So last chapter was very fluffy and angsty sort of but this chapter will be better I promise. This chapter will be the fight between, as you already know, the drapes and the squares. Disclaimer: I do not own bla bla bla, and do not care bla bla bla. Me and Crybaby stayed latched to eachothers mouths for about one minute before we heard Peppers scream \"CRYYYYYYYYYYYBABYYYYYYYY!\". We both shot up from the blanket and looked down at the tent. The squares had lighted Crybaby's bike on fire and rolled it down the hill! It rolled until it crashed into the jukebox cutting off the music. We both ran towards the bike but that little bitch who I had punched earlier grabbed Crybaby and tried to hug and kiss him. He pushed her off and grabbed my hand \"Come on!\" he yelled. I looked behind my shoulder at her \"But I'm pregnant with your baby!\" she yelled at us. My eyes grew wide and I looked at Crybaby. He hadn't heard and kept running. I just kept running with him but thoughts started running through my mind. 'Is she really pregnant with his baby? Am I just the other woman?'. When we reached his bike I gasped and held my hand to my mouth. It wasn't totally destroyed which I guess was a good thing, but the red paint had been burned to a crispy black and ash and was smoking. He walked towards it slowly. \"Crybaby I...\" my voice trailed off I was still so shocked, why would someone do this to somebody? Just because their different or have different taste doesn't mean this can be allowed. Soon my shock was replaced with anger. I clenched my fist as I saw Crybaby pick up his bike. He sat on the seat and revved the engine. It roared to life and me and Crybaby's eyes met. I forgot all about what the girl said, all I could think about, and I guess he could think about too, was getting those squares back and making them pay. \"Get on!\" he yelled at me. I didn't have to be told twice as I ran to him and jumped on the back of the bike wrapping my arms around his waist. He revved the engine louder again and we began to drive off. Just as we were about to leave that place we were stopped by the police. 1,3, maybe even 4 police cars and vans were at the scene. Dogs barking and jumping at innocent drapes, when it came to the squares though...well they had it just peachy. They pulled me off his bike \"No! Let go of me! Crybaby!\" I tried to grab his hand but they still pulled me away from his grasp no matter how hard we fought \"Should we put her with the other colored ones?\" I heard the gruff police officer who had grabbed me away ask through clenched teeth. \"Why would you separate them just because of their goddamn skin color?!\" Crybaby asked and lunged at the officer who held me furiously. The man only chuckled and pulled me away roughly. I winced as his grip tightened \"Because that's how it's always been, now shut it before I hurt your little African queen!\" the officer hissed and squeezed my arm tighter, I yelped in pain and tried to struggle away from him, I wanted to go to Crybaby but I couldn't. \"Don't worry darlin'! I'll be alright Ruff! We'll get out of this I swear it baby!\" he yelled as they shoved him into the police car along with my uncle and aunt. I felt tears run down my cheeks and realized I had been crying. Before I could do anything they had shoved me into a separate car. The officer who grabbed me smiled \"Don't worry, you'll get to see your forbidden lover soon, we're taking a little trip to the courthouse\". I whimpered as the doors shut and the car began to drive. I didn't know where Crybaby was right now, but I just prayed to god that he was safe. Sorry for the short chapter my lovelies I'll make it longer. And I've been getting PM's about somebody who ripped off my story and tried to make it their own, If any of you guys now the link to this story then please send it to me ","Summary":" This is my version of Cry baby I guess. I mean what else is there to say. Allison's gone and instea"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"It's Hard to Say Goodbye","Author":"Iamafanoftoomanythingstoname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9723020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm starting another fanfic for Ghost! This is going to be chapters of either Molly's or Sam's POVs in different parts of the movie. Read and review! I don't own Ghost or any of the characters! Molly POV Sam and I were on our way home from the movies and suddenly we could sense that a guy was following us. \"What should we do?\" I mumbled to Sam. \"Let me handle this,\" he said back. We turned around to see the creep pointing a gun at Sam's face, demanding money. \"Sam, just give it to him,\" I said. Money could be replaced, but Sam couldn't be. He glanced over at me for a second. \"Okay, just take the money, just leave us…\" but Sam didn't actually hand over his wallet, and they struggled as Sam tried to get the gun away from him. \"No, Sam!\" I yelled, but the guy hit me and Sam pushed him against the wall. I was so scared. \"No! Sam! Somebody help us! Please! Sam, just… somebody! Somebody help us! Sam, listen, just stop it!\" Then I heard a gunshot, and the guy ran off. My world came crashing down as I saw Sam fall to the ground, blood pouring out of him. I ran over and held him in my arms. I tried to stop the bleeding but I just ended up with my arm covered in his blood. I was scared to death. I couldn't lose Sam, I just couldn't! I started crying and kept trying to call for help. I looked down at him. \"Sam, come on, hold on baby…\" I started to panic. I was losing him! \"Somebody help me! Anybody!\" I cried desperately, and finally a couple of guys ran over. \"Take it easy, all right?\" They told me. I sobbed, I couldn't take it easy; Sam was dying! We finally got him to a hospital and I waited anxiously to find out if he would be okay. He had to be… I need him… Please don't leave me… The doctor came in and shook his head. Sam was dead. Nothing they could do. Sorry for your loss. I left the hospital in a daze. I've never felt so empty in all my life. Sam was really gone forever… I would never see him again. He was more than my boyfriend, he was my best friend. I wanted to marry him, but now it's too late. I'd never hear his laugh again, never see his smile, never hold his hand. Never kiss him again. I told him I wished he would say he loved me more often instead of just saying ditto, but I'm going to miss that too. It hit me even harder when I walked into the dark, empty apartment. Tears filled my eyes and I went up to the bedroom, not knowing what else to do besides try to sleep. I picked up one of Sam's shirts off the floor and I hugged it close to me. It still smelled like him. It was the closest I could get to ever hugging him again. I laid down in the bed. Just last night Sam was holding me in his arms… I shivered. It seemed to be so dark, cold, and empty without him here. I cried myself to sleep.[Chapter 2] Sam POV I was sitting on the floor behind Molly, my head down. I'm stuck here as a ghost, all alone. I don't know what to do besides hang around here. There's nothing I can do. No one can see me or hear me, and no one ever will again. Why did I have to die? It wasn't supposed to happen this way. We were supposed to get married… Molly was shaping another bowl out of clay, but then she stopped and started to speak. \"I picked up your shirts today. I don´t know why.\" I guess she's talking about me. \"Mr. Reynolds told me to tell you ´´hello.´´ I broke into tears. It´s like I think about you every minute. It´s like I can still feel you.\" I went over and kneeled down next to her. My heart ached and I looked down. I miss you too. \"I´m here, Moll,\" I said, looking back up at her, wishing she could hear me. I wish I could hold her in my arms and tell her it was all right. It hurt to see her suffer over me and there was nothing I could do about it. Suddenly I heard Floyd hiss. I wonder if it was because he could sense me here… I turned around and stared into his eyes for a few seconds. He yowled and jumped away. Molly got up and walked after him. \"What´s the matter, kitty? What´s the matter? Crazy cat.\" She turned around and stopped for a second. \"Sam?\" she called out. Hope filled me. I stood there, thinking maybe she would suddenly be able to see me. Yes, Molly! I'm here! \"That´s really stupid.\" No… She shook her head and walked right through my ghostly form. Molly… ","Summary":" A/N: I'm starting another fanfic for Ghost! This is going to be chapters of either Molly's or Sam's"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"skulker danny slash","Author":"the new ghostwrighter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9354955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] danny was fed up with april fools last year desiree had tucker wish he would eat mud pies all day made from actual mud, sam on the other hand said she would help get back at tucker wich made danny feel a little better but just to be sure he had a back up plan involving desiree . it was the 31 of march at 10:00 pm and danny had a little appointment with desiree danny nocked desiree's door hoping she would help the ghost child \"YOU\"she screechedas she charged up an energy blast \"what are you doing here?\" \"desiree before you try to blast me to bits listen\" he pleaded \"and why should I do that?\" she questiond \"because I need your help\" \"my help?\" she seemed astounded \"yes\" he answered \"why?\" \"because i need help pranking tucker\" \"ah the boy with the mud pie prank who also did the same to me but for a week,..i will gladly help you ghostboy\" \"thank you\" \"so what is to happen for the prank\" \"well first i start to fight you then suddenly i turn against tuck ,then you cast a spell that will cause him to fall in love with the first ghost he see's as you do that i turn human and chase him further, next i nock him out as a human then we take him to the ghost zone place him in a random lair not yours ,before all that we ask technus for a video camera to record it all, finally we watch as he wakes up in a ghost's bed and catch his reaction on film if he runs of the lair i will catch him and show him the film the next day\" \"very good ghostboy i shall enjoy it\" \"oh we have to tell sam about it though so she doesn't screw it up\" \"if we must then go ahead\" it was april fools day and sam knew all about the prank and loved it \"hey guys\"tucker said with little worry because if either of them tried to prank him he would hack there alarms for 4:30 in the morning \"hey tucker\" danny and sam said almost simultainiosly \"you got any pranks for me today danny \" \"no tuck none\" \"mwahaha i\"m free at last\" yelled a slightly excited desiree \"i'm going ghost\" danny yelled \"we're with you bud\"said a bored tuck \"ha you cant touch me ghost boy not when you're hunting down you're friend\" danny now playing his part in the prank chased after tucker as desiree was casting the spell a ecto bazooka fired and made desiree hit danny after he went human \"w..what happend\"danny stumbled \"desiree hit you with a spell\"said his worried sister jaz damit i forgot to tell jaz about the prank danny thought to himself but then he couldn't remember what the prank was \"I'm just gunna go fly around in the ghost zone for a bit by guys\"he said calmly \"why did he chase me?\" tucker asked \"desiree must have put a charm on him so when he got neer he turned evil until she hit him with that spell wich i think was aimed at you tucker\" sam lied \"but what did i do to desiree\" \"well there was that prank last year\"jaz butted in \"good point, by guys\" thank you desiree for helping me prank danny as danny was floating in the ghost zone he felt as though a ghost was near by but realized that it was the ghost zone there are ghosts every where and just kept on going not knowing that he was being followed by skulker who was invisable and was loading a ghost tranquilizer dart he got of technus as he shot it he screamed loudly\" YOU'RE MINE GHOSTCHILD!\" danny winced as the dart hit him without warning he fell into a deep sleep. when he woke up he was blindfolded and straped to skulker's workbench(wich was his skinning,disecting and killing table) \"w..what do you want\"said the somewhat exausted ghostboy \"your pelt as always\"said skulker sounding rather amused \"let me go \" \"why i could just let you watch me skin you now\" danny shudderd at the thought of being skined alive he winced as skulker ripped of the blindfold as soon as danny saw skulker he fainted but woke up strait away but felt different he ripped through th straps like butter and walked over to skulker and said\"i never noticed how hot you are skulky\" \"w..w..what are you talking about\" he stammerd quickly \"oh i think yo know what i'm talking about\" \"what!\" skulker started to back away and he ended up at the cave wall \"get the hell away from me whelp\" \"but i don't want to\" \"i don't care what you want whelp get away\" \"why should when i could make you feel good\" \"um i have a girlfriend\" \"SCREW HER I'LL BE TWICE THE GHOST THAN THAT BITCH\" back in amity park tucker was thanking jaz,sam and desiree for helping him get danny \"its ok tucker,butwhere is danny\"sam asked worringly at that moment danny was chatting up skulker and in skulkers point of view he was doing better than ember ever did. \"the flattery is sweet whelp but ember is my girlfriend\" \"like i said i'll be twice the ghost she is\" and with that danny had managed to push skulker into the room behind him wich was his bedroom \"so this is where you want me\"danny said sarcasticly skulker backed up to the bed and fell onto it danny, crawled next to him and snuggled into his metal chest skulker was worried that the ghostchild would do something drastic ,danny who was enjoying every moment decided to break the scilence by saying\"i want you\"wich shocked skulker as danny felt skulkers chest thn stomach then thighs but skulker didn't stop him as he liked it danny put his hands down skulkers metallic trousers and felt his cock skulker shudderd danny said\"ha my friends oue me 10 bucks\" \"why\" wonder the slightly pleasured skulker \"we made a bet wether you were anatmily correct\" without warning danny grabed skulkers cock and rubbed wich made skulker gasp he kept going for a few minutes and stoped wich dissapointed skulker who the growledat danny but stopped as he saw danny move his head towards the metal cock \" come on welp give me all you got\" \"its dan ,just dan\" skulker liked that name as danny put his mouth to the cold metal skulker sighed not even ember gave him this sort of pleasure wich came from the halfa by his cock at that point skulker was about to orgasm but since he had no bodily fluids he could not cum[Chapter 2] skulker wondered how Dan new that as he was a virgen before tonight but he was right that he was adaptable as his metal cock slid into Dan's ass he started to move back and forth he started to stroke Dan's cock in time to his thrusts when they had finished they were both covered in green sticky ghost cum from Dan who was very tense but lossened up after skulker to his cock out they both lay on the bed and Dan snuggled up to skulkers large muscular metal body skulker got the idea and pulled the cover over them both It was 6:30 in the morning that Dan got up he saw he was in bed with skulker and that he was stark naked also his ass and cock both hurt then reality hit him square in the face\"HOLY SHIT ! I SLEPT WITH SKULKER. AAAAAGH!\" It was that scream that woke skulker up a short gleaming blade petruding through his wrist but slid it back in when he saw Dan fly out his door half naked \"I must have scared the boy\" skulker said in a sleepy voice he got up and dressed and was about to fly after him but was greeted with desiree\" nice time with him?\" \"get out of my way desiree\" \"oh i just came to ask how well he did\" \"what?\" \"oh yes he was under a spell\" she said slyly\"one of mine in fact\" \"so it wasa set up?\"growled skulker \"oh no a prank on the boy by his friends\" \"GET OUT NOW!\"he roared skulker was pissed pissed at the boy's friends pissed at desiree pissed at the boy ...for nothing the kid was a victom like himself then he heard an almighty crash from the front door \"oh shit\"it was ember his girlfriend \"what the fuck where you doing with that little ghost shit \"she roared\"and any way Desiree told me every thing that you have been seeing for a year\" \"it wasn't a year just one night\" which earned a punch to his face\"anyway he was better than you any day\" \"fine you stick with the little slut\" \"he's not a slut\" back in amity park\"hi guys\" \"danny\" sam squealed as she huged him to death \"need air\"he weazed \"allright dude\"tuck said \"yeah tuck you\" \"yeah fine, we were worried sick\" \"danny!\" his big sister gave him the biggest hug ever \"ughf\" \"sorry\" \"its fine, what did I miss\" \"nothing much just ember saying something about a slut taking her boyriend\" that made danny remember\"i'll be in my room\" he had to talk to skulker but if he saw ember she'd kill him, but then he remembered he could go invisable until he reached skulkers a huge grin spread across his face he left almost imedietly for the portal ","Summary":" danny was fed up with april fools last year desiree had tucker wish he would eat mud pies all day m"},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Invest in Love","Author":"Here-right-now","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8426887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is my first Ghost story and actually my first story on my website. This is about if Sam just left and went to heaven and didn't interfere with Carl's plans with Oda Mae. He recieved the promotion that Sam received days before he was murdered and already knew how work that position required, so he decided to hire an assistant. This is what happens. I hope you enjoy it! Today was the day of my big internship interview. I was supposed to meet with Mr. Carl Bruner for an assisstent position along side him. I did my research and he was fairly new as a big manager. He took over after Wheat left the position shortly after receiving it. As the crammed elevator jetted me up to the 18th floor, I started to become nervous. College at NYU became expensive. Expensive to the point where a twenty year old needed a paid internship along side her job. Business was my minor, but my dreams laid with the French horn. I wanted to do that more than anything. But performing was a risky business. And I needed a backup. I always had a fascination with banking, especially since my father was a banker back in Nevada. But this was more upscale. Everything in New York City was upscale. The doors opened and I had to shuffle my way out from the back of the elevator. My heels almost made trip. \"God damnit.\" I muttered. I tried to regain all composure. 'You have to look good, remember?' I wore what most women I saw in a bank wore. Nice jacket and pencil skirt. Hair pinned up. Even with all this you could still see how young I was. 'Okay. You can play this cool.' I walked in the general direction of where his office was supposed to be. I looked around, lost for a moment. There it was! A door cracked opening, a name plate too small for the holder read 'Carl Bruner.' I guess he really was new to that office. I approached and hesitantly knocked on the door. I peeked inside and saw a man a little too focused on his computer. Awkwardly, I knocked again, a little louder, breaking him from his trance. \"Yes?\" He asked annoyed, turning to glare at me. Oh wow, I'm doing great. His expression changed when he met my awkward gaze. \"Um, I'm here for the internship interview.\" I said quietly. He looked at his watch, running a hand through his golden brown locks. He was tall, skinny man, with a face that seemed to be naturally anxious looking. \"4:30 already?\" He asked himself. He looked back at the computer screen, closing whatever he was so intently working on. \"Have a seat Miss-\" \"Sears.\" I finished. \"We talked on the phone?\" I tried to clue him in as to who I was. \"Yes, I'm sorry. Just a little distracted.\" He smiled nervously. Was he under as much pressure as I was? I leaned over and shook his hand. \"Can I see your resume?\" I nodded and dug into my folder, handing him a sheet of paper. I saw his eyes skim over it as he relaxed in his chair. \"Now why would you like to be an assistant here at Bank of New York Mellon?\" \"Well first off, I've always enjoyed big business. My father was one of the head bankers at Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company in Nevada and whenever I would come in with him, I always enjoyed watching him win over some investors or solve some of his big money clients debts. Just the thrill of it really sucked me into it. I'm currently majoring in music over at NYU but I'm minoring in business economics. Performing isn't reliable, as much as I enjoy it. But banking really combines my interest and my need of a career. And I believe this internship would help me with both.\" I smiled. Carl smirked up at me, very amused. \"How much do you know about withdrawing and transferring money from accounts?\" Jeez, this was banking 101. You can explain this. \"Well I have transferred accounts before. One time I transferred six accounts into one new account. That took a few hours though.\" No no no, stay postive, remember?! \"Very large accounts that my father asked me to do. I'm very used to the system.\" Oh god, can I please leave? \"Well your previous jobs look good. A little lack of business,\" My heart started pounding. \"But I think we maybe able to change that.\" Did I get it? Oh my god, did I get it? \"We'll call you later this week, okay?\" His tone softened. He stood up from his chair and offered his hand again. My heart was out of control now. I looked him in the eyes as I met his hand. God, he was handsome. He couldn't be more than twenty-seven. Damn, he was established for his age. I smiled, trying to be professional. \"Thank you so much Mr. Bruner.\" He nodded and sat down. I collected my things and started to leave. \"It was a pleasure to meet with you today.\" He grinned, returning to his computer. I smiled widely. \"Thank you.\" I walked out. Did I do well? Did I succeed? Am I going to intern there? A billion questions went through my head. But as I entered the elevator, one thing kept repeating in my head over and over. A lack of business, but we can change that.[Chapter 2] Being a French horn player in a very crammed apartment had it disadvantages. You could only play certain hours without getting complaints. In the middle of possibly my best rendition of all of Mozart's horn concertos in a row, I was interrupted by the phone ringing. Disgruntled, I set my horn down and trudged to the kitchen. \"Heeello?\" I answered. \"Hi this is Carl Bruner.\" I tensed up. \"Um, hi.\" \"Is this Victoria Sears?\" He asked. Damnit! Make yourself sound professional. \"Yes, this is her.\" I swallowed. \"Yes this is regarding the internship.\" Oh come on come on! \"Did I get it?\" I blurted out. Aw shit! \"I mean-\" \"Yes, you got it.\" He laughed. A huge wave of relief poured into me. I got it! Thank goodness he had a sense of humor. \"Can you come in tomorrow at 3 for our first meeting?\" I immediately looked at my way too scribbed-on calendar. I had a private lesson till 2:30. I could get there in a half hour, right? \"Ermmm... Yeah I say I can.\" I said with doubt in my voice. \"Alright, I'll see you there.\" \"Okay, bye.\" He hung up. \"YES!\" \"Oh, hello Victoria.\" He smiled, not breaking his gaze with his computer. Man, was he addicted to that thing or what? \"Good afternoon .\" I smiled right back, not sure whether to sit down or stand up. I awkwardly kept my stance halfway into the room. He smirked, finally turning away from that damn thing long enough to look at me. \"You can sit down.\" He offered. He seemed to be a little bit looser this time around. I did as he said trying to get comfortable here. \"Alright, since you're new to our banking system, I want you to simply make a new account.\" Was it really wise to trust her with such an important deal? After all, my head was on this account. Worst she could do was screw up and I'd be able to fix it. \"You're going to make it for Rita Miller, account number 926-31043.\" \"That's it?\" She asked, looking up at me. What? She wanted more of a challenge? Could I trust her with the rest of the process? \"Yeah, that's it for now.\" I said, getting up from my chair. \"I have to go to the bathroom. I'll be back in five minutes.\" That should be enough time for her, right? My fingers typed away, hitting the wore down keys with a fast, graceful pace. M-I-L-L-E-R, R-I-T-A . This was easy! I can do this! I grinned triumphantly at the screen. Almost done... There! And it only took me a minute. I looked at his desk. Papers were everywhere. I contemplated doing something about it. I couldn't help but peek at the papers. Mostly complicated bank coding, memos and what not. I couldn't help my inner OCD to at least place all the emails and memos and two different stacks, trying to help clean it up. I placed his pens in their proper holders and decided to leave the codes. He might be working on something. He came back a few moments later. \"Done?\" He asked, walking through the door with a cup of coffee. He looked down at his now somewhat clean desk. \"What did you do?\" He asked, slightly worried, coming over to the desk quicker than I expected. He looked down, scanning the contents on his desk. \"I just organized it a little bit. Don't worry, I kept the accounts' coding the way it was.\" I hoped I wasn't fired. Relief came over his face as he saw whatever he was working on was fine. Must be something real important. \"Thanks, Victoria.\" I said, actually glad she cleared my desk. She did everything right with no mistakes. I wondered how much more she could do for 'basic banking skills.' \"Alright, I want you to take enter a new account number.\" I said, leaning over her shoulder. \"Okay,\" she said quietly, ready to type. \"824-74581\" I said. This was the result of combining Sam's old accounts. She typed it fast without having me repeat it. \"Now transfer that account into the new one.\" Her eyes slightly bugged at the account amount. She shrugged it away as I tensed slightly. Please don't screw this up. \"And... There.\" She said. I looked at the screen, making sure everything was right. \"Nice job,\" I grinned with a smugness. She got up awkwardly as she went around me. I looked backwards slightly, looking at her behind. She had a nice body. A really nice butt. Damnit Carl! This is your intern! Remember? She's five years younger than you anyways. She looked prettier than Molly though, and that was saying something. Her long, brown hair curved around her face perfectly. Her lips were a peachy pink and her eyes a beautiful green. She was almost the opposite of Molly. Her body more shapely and shorter, but still thin and held with confidence. I forced my focus back to a more important matter. \"Alright, I'm going to make a call and I want you to go through those boxes. If it's a paper from more than four years ago, shred it.\" All my accounts were under three years old, so I'd doubt she'd mess anything up. And moving into the new office should be a whole spring cleaning for me. She nodded and picked up a box from the top of the stack of them. She started shuffling through papers, keeping the ones that I needed in short neat piles. She turned to me after a few minutes, handing me a photo. \"Mr. Bruner, do you want to keep this?\" She asked. I looked at it for a moment. It was Sam, Molly, and I at the Rooster's Christmas party. That wasn't even six months ago. Wow... How times have changed. It wasn't my fault. I never meant for it to happen. I wish it didn't. \"Yeah, thanks.\" I replied, allowing her to get back to her work. I couldn't let this distract me. I shoved it in my desk, trying to forget about it. Forget about the whole thing. This wasn't the most entertaining thing to do, but hell. It was in one of the biggest banks in the country and it was with this adorable guy. Every time he touches me... And when his face was so close to mine, oh my god. I could feel his warm breath on the nape of my delicate neck. It sent chills down my spine. That is so disgustingly wrong! My conscious scolded. Ah, a little crush never hurt anyone, right? But now, all I could do was shred some papers. I glanced at Carl who was behind me, smiling widely at his computer. \"Yes...\" He whispered, ecstasy breaking his voice. A serious of fast paced, loud types on his computer followed this. I smiled to myself, listening to how passionate he was about this. About big business and money. This was his whole career. And he enjoyed every second of it. After a while, I glanced up at the clock. Four-fourty five. The bank's going to close soon. I was almost done with three boxes and Carl seemed to be done with whatever he was avidly doing. I felt his eyes on me and unintentionally held my breath. \"Miss Sears?\" He asked. I turned around slowly. \"Yes?\" I looked at him with wide, innocent eyes. He paused for a moment, his mouth gaping like he was about to say something, then decided against it. \"Listen, I was wondering, what are you doing tonight?\" My heart stopped, instinctually I looked away from his eyes. \"Um... I have no plans except practice for a concert.\" He smirked at me, looking down at his desk. \"I'm curious to pick your brain a little bit more about... Economics.\" He said. Was this his way of asking me out on a date? Was he asking me out on a date? I felt my face fluster. \"Well I'm completely free after this.\" I offered. Was this a bad idea? I didn't care. He's a good man. He seemed nice. And I really did not care at this point. If he wanted to talk to me more than he had to I wasn't going to deny him that. \"You could come over to my place.\" My head was spinning. \"If you wanted.\" A/N: This was short (more of a filler chapter) but they'll be more later. Tell me what you think of it! :)[Chapter 3] Victoria and I headed out of the banking establishment together as we were greeted with a lovely spring afternoon in the city. Fellow businessmen and women bustled about the streets, eager to get on the subway to beat the commuter rush. I glanced over at Victoria, her mind seemed to be elsewhere. \"Coffee?\" I gestured around the block. Victoria smiled and nodded. As much as I would love to go over to her apartment, that would not be appropriate. She was still clearly young and naive about these sorts of things and I did not want to be the type to take advantage of that. I scanned my mental map of my favorite spots to escape to during lunch, Barnes & Noble was the first to come to mind. \"Starbucks alright?\" \"Of course.\" I realized where we were headed and instantly felt at ease. I had been meaning to pick up a new book soon so I could easily take my time and find one once Carl left. He took the lead stride and held the door open for me, causing the slightest tinge of warmth in my cheeks as I thanked him. The newest books on sale were displayed right at the entrance, the perfect tease for someone who was trying to remain as present as possible. We headed directly to the Starbucks in the back of the store and approached the counter. Carl ordered a dark roast before turning to me and asking what I wanted. \"Oh, um, it's okay.\" I stuttered, slightly taken aback by the offer. \"I insist.\" He smiled, I couldn't detect if this offer's motivations were out of pity or other intention. As I stared up at him in slight shock, he returned with a \"Don't fight it\" sort of look. I gathered my thoughts and scrambled to remember what order I had previously decided on. \"A grande caramel brulee latte, please.\" The barista nodded and began to scribble on the cup. \"I appreciate that, Mr. Bruner.\" He smiled downwards as he fished his credit card out of his wallet. \"No worries, Victoria.\" He responded, not matching my gaze as he threw some extra coins into the tip jar. \"To a good first day, right?\" He walked us over to the pick up area and flashed a smile filled with satisfaction as he extended his hand. I shook his head, nodding and smiling as confidently as one could when they were feeling intimidated. We collected our drinks and headed over to a nearby table. \"So ,\" \"Carl.\" Oh. I gulped. \"Carl,\" I sipped my latte. \"How did you come about your er, position at New York Mellon?\" I prayed that wasn't too intrusive. \"Well, after I completed my Bachelor's in finance, I struggled with getting an offer from one of my top choice banks, cut throat y'know. Manager at a Wells Fargo just wasn't cutting it.\" He swallowed. \"But a good friend of mine from college got offered a position with them and soon after he helped me get my foot in the door. Worked out pretty nicely for me in the end.\" His voice trailed off but his eyes stayed with his thoughts, lost in the distance. \"And now you're a lead financial advisor at… such a young age.\" Carl smirked, obviously amused by the flattery or my ignorance at his age. \"Yep… life turns on a dime. And when a door closes, another one opens. You must do whatever it takes to get what you want, where you want to be. Where is it that you want to be, Victoria?\" I paused. \"Oh well I… I would love to be a professional musician.\" \"What do you play?\" His eyebrow raised, not hiding his skepticism. \"French horn, primarily. I dabble in most brass but I'm betting on the horn to get me where I want to be.\" I didn't feel very confident but he seemed more convinced than I thought he would. \"I'd love to pursue that passion professionally, but I understand that it isn't a sure bet so I'm keeping up with my more uh, serious interests with my minor in business.\" \"I hope you know I don't find your career ideal silly, Victoria.\" He sipped. I hesitantly and blinked. \"No I didn't mean to imply any-\" \"Ah no it's fine. Despite what one might think based on my job choice, I'm not against one following their passions professionally. Mine just happens to be what most people consider the one they settled for, the one their parents pushed them towards. The one people with no other priority than money.\" I shook my head. \"I don't look down on someone who goes after what they love and what makes them feel alive.\" I thought for a moment. \"Investment banking makes you feel alive?\" I asked inquisitively. \"It's quite a thrill,\" He smiled. \"Do you find the opposite?\" \"No, not at all.\" I laughed. \"It's fun, it's challenging, it's… a big numbers game.\" Carl seemed happy with that. \"A rush. A million dollar rush.\" He smirked. \"Or more,\" I smiled as I had another drink. \"Quite large accounts you work with, Carl.\" He seemed confused for a moment and a wave of slightly panicked realization washed over him. \"Yes, uh…. Quite a big account we're pushing through right now.\" His posture straightened a bit. \"And they trust you to handle it. Pretty amazing,\" I gushed. His response was a mix of pride and nerves. \"Thank you, Victoria. Got a lot riding on that one so.\" I sighed, before noticing the concern on her face. Better drop it. There was a moment of silence before I stood up. \"Ready to go?\" She rose to her feet, mid-sip. \"Of course. Thanks again, Carl.\" She grinned at me. We headed out and I noticed her sense of longing as she walked slower, scanning the aisles and book titles. \"Looking for anything in particular?\" I prodded. \"Oh I don't mean to keep you, just-\" \"No, you're fine. My curiosity wants to know.\" I said as I leaned against a shelf, relaxing again. \"Well…\" she thought for a moment. \"I kind of wanted to check out the psychology section.\" She answered sheepishly. \"Hm, interesting.\" \"What?\" \"You. I mean your interests, specifically.\" Victoria smiled. \"Well, thanks… I think it's a great topic to be well versed in. People and the brain will do some crazy things under the right circumstances.\" She headed down towards the appropriate section. \"So you like knowing what makes people tick?\" I asked. She looked up and down the shelf. \"You could say that. Motivations are a particular favorite of mine.\" Victoria grabbed a book and started reading the summary on the back. \"Someone else might say your career choice aligns more with someone in incentive theory, while you would probably say it's driven more by arousal theory or humanistic.\" \"Arousal theory?\" That came out wrong. She seemed unphased. \"Yeah. Maintaining your body's ideal level of arousal. Your job might give you a boost of adrenaline and when that level drops you seek to restore it to that level. Sometimes that means increasing the level or intensity of that activity.\" She returned the book to the shelf and turned to me. \"Could be why Wells Fargo wasn't cutting it anymore.\" She shrugged. I couldn't help but smirk at her and lick my lips. \"Fair enough. I look forward to what else you have to say about my motivations.\" The color drained out of her face as she looked back to the selection of books. I shouldn't do this to her but it was so easy to get a reaction that I couldn't help it. I wandered a little bit away and browsed the mystery section, recognizing a few old favorites from high school. I really should get back into reading, my mind seems to only understand numbers now. I got lost in thought until I noticed Victoria's presence at the end of the aisle. She didn't seem to realize I was there, still scanning up and down the book shelves. I glanced up and noticed she was searching the romance section. Her finger tips grazed the spines of the books as she mouthed the titles. \"A romantic, huh?\" She jumped in surprise before letting out a nervous laugh. \"Sometimes, yeah.\" I decided she had already been through enough torture and not press it any further. \"Nothing's really jumping out at me today, well besides you, aha.\" Her nose wrinkled slightly. She checked her watch. \"I better get going, I still have to practice before 9 and the neighbors moan about it.\" \"I don't see why anyone could moan over what I assume is beautiful music.\" We made our way out of the store empty handed. \"I wish everyone could be as understanding as you.\" Victoria admitted. We walked and talked until Victoria came to a stop after about two blocks at the stairs leading to the subway. Chambers Street Station. \"It was wonderful getting to know you a bit better Victoria. I'll see you back at the office tomorrow say, 10?\" \"Of course, Mr. Bruner.\" She didn't seem to realize her formality, but I wasn't going to challenge it. \"Great. I will see you in the morning.\" \"See you then sir!\" She smiled and started trotting down the stairs underground. I discreetly watched her until she turned the corner and disappeared. ","Summary":" A/N: This is my first Ghost story and actually my first story on my website. This is about if Sam j"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"the life of a gymnast chapter 3","Author":"Buttercup900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7849808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So your 4th Emma so stay close, do a few jumping jacks or just jog in place. OK I say then begin to do a few jumping jacks, I count until I get to 44 when I stop. Coach Luikin Pokes me to tell me one more person till um up so I go ahead and walk to the red mat where I stand until it's my turn. Once Payson finishes her routine with a perfect 1.5 twist, the whole audience begins to clap and so does my coach and so does… I look over and notice Shawn Johnson clapping to, but lightly. I want to make a good impression so I try to act more professional. I walk up to the side of the beam and wait for the judge to raise the flag for me to start. 1…2…3 thne one of the judges raises the flag and I salute. I swing my leg over the beam until I'm sitting with my legs straddled, I count the seconds I hold 1…2..3. and I swing my legs back and jump tuck land. Next thing I know I'm Getting ready for my first tumbling pass. I stand still for 3 seconds and …BAM! I do a back handspring back handspring back layout step out, both my feet land on the beam solidly. I have to force a smile because I see Shawn watching me. I next do my leap pass, Split leap, pike leap combo, I smile and do my dance combo, Finally my favorite part of my routine with the standing tumble, Full twisting back tuck, I count to 4 and BAM! I do the back tuck with a full twist… ANND.. Both my feet land on the beam and I push straight into a wolf jump. I look at my coach and I know right then my score was going to be high but all I had to do now was the dismount… 2.5 twists. I take a half turn and I'm backwards, take a deep breath and do a back handspring back handspring 2.5 twist ,I feel my feet land on the rough mat but I know I did good because I hear everyone clapping so loud my ears are going to fall off. I smile and salute to the judges and then to the crowd and everyone just starts clapping, I felt like I was about to tear up because I see my parents clapping so loud. I walk to my coach and he high fives me and so does Nastia , I walk to my gym bag and pull out my Hair tie and put my hair into a pony tail. I turn around and Shawn walks up to me Nice job on beam Emma Thanks I wonder if I will qualify \"\"I'm sure you will with that D score Emma. \"You better go get ready for your next even Emma\". \"Ok\" I say as I begin to walk to my gym bag. As I pull out my wrist guards Payson walks up to me. \"Nice job on beam!\" Thanks Pay I turn around and I see one of the judges holding a sign that says Emma weber-16.490 I begin to cry from my happiness, but the real tears don't come till the judge holds up a first place sign with *MY* name on it. My coach walks up to me and gives me a high-five and a thumb up. I put my wrist guards on and walk to the floor where I practice my routine. I think my first pass in my head. (Round off back handspring 1.5 front layout) I imagine myself doing the pass perfect. ","Summary":" So your 4th Emma so stay close, do a few jumping jacks or just jog in place. OK I say then begin to"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"What's really going on with Burt?","Author":"Southern Shadow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12947542","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Claudia The year is 2006 and like any year, it is not without noteworthy and striking occurrences. Google buys YouTube for an estimated 1.65 billion. NASA launches the New Horizons space probe to Pluto, exploring the dwarf planet and taking first time photos of it. Sydney, Australia suffers through its hottest New Year on record. It is also when Claudia Vickerman seriously begins to contemplate that maybe it was time to go home, possibly for good this time. It was not that she had not considered this before; after all, she was a woman of good old-fashioned Texas upbringing that had been taught to stay the course and not give up on marital commitment. However, she also had enough of her daddy in her to not just go along to get along and to not ever shy away from calling it as she saw it. Although she had been brought up in a conservative time and by a mostly conventional tropes, she was also by- and- large a free spirit with a healthy dose of common sense. She guessed she was an oxymoron of sorts, but really did not spend an inordinate amount of time on self-reflection. She only gave into it when she was feeling especially melancholy or fulfilled; there seemed to be a very thin line between the two emotions she had begun to notice. Even so, there seemed to be more of the former in her life lately than the latter, and this troubled her somewhat. Something had begun to fill amiss as of late. It was a dulling ache that she did not want to acknowledge or admit to. It would awaken her a night at times or take her off guard when she did not expect it. It t would also invade her thoughts involuntarily during the day as she was busy with her job. Deep down, she knew this something was actually a someone: her estranged husband and father of her children. This someone was Burt Vickerman. And oh God, this inconvenient realization really pissed Claudia off. Burt The Academy was a balancing act for sure. One the one hand, gymnastics was his touchstone and something he knew like the back of his hand. On the other hand, it was like a child that never slept requiring an unending amount of his attention, energy, and patience. He felt more than a little short on all of those these days; especially since Haley Graham had made her official appearance at his gymnastics academy. When her father had contacted him after she had run into some trouble with juvenile court, he had mixed emotions about taking her on. On the one hand, he knew that Haley could possibly be the rawest natural talent he had ever worked with. On the other, he knew she had some behavioral and commitment issues that he was not sure he was up for. He was a gymnastics coach, not a shrink, for God's sake. He was also not as young as he used to be. His current students were overall pretty malleable and did not question authority or the need for structure. Haley, however, was a bird of a different feather. Her father had persisted though, and when he offered a sizeable chunk of change to entice Burt, he could not bring himself to say no. Even so, Burt made no bones to Mr. Graham that there would be no coddling or special treatment given to Haley. After all, Burt was already concerned about keeping the other mothers happy with their decision to put their daughters there. He literally could not afford to give more attention to one elite than the other, even though he had Ivan and Dori on staff to round out the training. He had made some pretty big promises that he was not exactly sure how he would follow through on with the Olympic hopeful mothers. He also worried about what impact Haley would have on their attitudes. To this end, Burt also stressed to Graham that he believed in discipline and was not going to tolerate any sass from his students, especially Haley. In other words, Burt demanded the reins to Haley if he was going to be able to tame her. Sure enough, when Haley first arrived, she was a nightmare. Acting out, making faces, disrespectful, and refusing to train. Burt had been a high school gym coach years ago in another lifetime practically, and had to resort to remembering his old tricks in dealing with her. It was a mixture of psychology and old school discipline antics that he had to use to get her to come around. He even had to take her out of the gym, like taking a child out of church on a few occasions, in order to let her know in no uncertain terms who was calling the shots here. When all else failed, he would run her. He knew from experience this worked, and that it was hard not to hear your own thoughts when you are running your ass off. Slowly, it was working. Burt had to admit deep-down he was impressed by her intelligence and savvy, but he was equally concerned by her overly tough skin that seemed to be covering an abundant amount of sadness or something like it he could not quite put his finger on. What he was sure of was that she was extremely talented and needed his help channeling her powerful talent into a controlled routine. Burt had also noticed that lately, which seemed truly impossible with all the irons he currently had in fire, Claudia was popping into his mind more and more frequently. He refused to admit he missed her. They had been married since they were babies in their early twenties, but had been on \"break\" as Claudia called it, for nearly three years now. The truth was they were legally separated and had given each other permission to see other people. It was complicated as to why they had never divorced, and it was not something that Burt discussed. It was nobody's business. Truth was he had never had problems attracting women, and he definitely kept his personal life separate from his professional one at all costs. When he first slipped off his band, it was a mixture of foreign and freedom that he didn't really like. After a while, he got more used to it but never to the point that he would ever consider getting rid of it. It was put up, put on hold he supposed, like their marriage. This was something he tried to not think about and instead focused on staying busy running his gymnastics academy and making sure Haley Graham didn't injure herself with her hard tricks. That was why Claudia showing up uninvited in his mind so often lately was really starting to get on whatever nerves he had left. ","Summary":" Claudia The year is 2006 and like any year, it is not without noteworthy and striking occurrences. "},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"The life of a gymnast chapter 2","Author":"Buttercup900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7839844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nastia high fives me. I walk to the black mat and put my hands up and try and concentrate…. Finally I do a back handspring back handspring back layout I land on one foot while the other is behind my right. I decide to work on my Jump pass; I begin to think it in my head over and over again before I perform it. I take two steps and do a switch leap wolf leap that's my first pass My second is a pike jump sheep jump. Soon I decide to walk around … that's when I noticed….Shawn Johnson! One of my favorite gymnasts of ALL TIME! I didn't want to seem like a crazy person so I just chill and act like I didn't see her. But Shawn passes me and I start to feel a chill of shame running though my back, I turn around immediately. \"Hi\" I say while also not trying to be an annoying syco. She turns around and says \"Hi\" umm may I just ask, who are you? Oh I am Emma , I train at WOGA , um I couldn't bare not to ask but will you please give me your autograph? I say trying not to be desperate. Shawn smiles real big and says \"Um sure I love all my fans, follow me\" Shawn then takes me to her gym bag who's right next to Nastia's and pulls out a clear piece of paper I ask \"Are you competing today? Yeah but only on Floor and bars because I am not read to perform those events at my best. \"I can't wait to watch\"! I say while taking the paper from Shawn and give her a sweet little hug. Shawn begins to turn and walk away but turns back around and says \"Um what's your name again\"? I smile and say \"I'm Emma Weber \"Ok thanks Il try to remember\" Shawn says and she walks away She turns around and walks away. I giggle and jump really high and hurry off to my teammates. Once I get there I notice My best friend Payson Stretching for beam. I decide to walk over to her and show her but before I get there Nastia stops in front of me I blink and say \"Hi Nastia\" \"Yeah coach wanted me to tell you to get ready for beam warm ups in 6 minutes \" 'Oh ok who's first up\"? Nastia pulls out a piece of paper with all the orders on it and reads it aloud. Kelly parker- Denver elite Payson Keller –WOGA Katelyn Ohashi-WOGA Kaylee Cruz –Rocky mountains Emma Weber-WOGA Lauren tanner-Rocky mountains Again PLEASE leave a review don't leave rude comments this is my first time. ","Summary":" Nastia high fives me. I walk to the black mat and put my hands up and try and concentrate…. Finally"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"Stick It (novelization of the movie)","Author":"Patrick Colin Jackson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12197382","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stick It A novel by Khaos Junior Based on the screenplay by Jessica Bendinger ! #$%^&* Two fighter options spun on the split screen of the arcade game-machine: a ninja with weapons, and a jujitsu-master with nothing but skill. Graham Cracker selected the latter. Onlookers chanted the player's name: \"…Graham Cracker! Graham Cracker…!\" Graham Cracker wore a too-big hooded sweatshirt, sat astride a BMX, and was 16 going on 17. Abruptly, the game began. Even more abruptly, it was over—with GC victorious. ! #$%^&* Spokes, tires, and feet flew down the pavement—toward a near-completed housing development in Plano, Texas. They flew into a brand-new, empty swimming pool. Tires skidded on the surface as Graham Cracker watched. Frank and Poot took turns playfully taunting Graham Cracker. \"What's the point of a new horse if you're not gonna ride it?\" Frank asked. \"Come on,\" Poot chimed in. \"Let's dent that.\" In the distance, skateboard wheels arrived. Poot was ticked off. \"This casa is not su casa. No way.\" As Graham Cracker looked on, Poot and Frank were joined by fellow skateboarder Stussy. All three arrived at the pool, near a giant water slide. \"Every which,\" Stussy told Poot. \"Get out.\" \"There's six other empty pools,\" Poot noted. \"They aren't as deep!\" Stussy retorted. \"This spot's a bust,\" Poot said, \"Because it's totally my boob.\" Stussy's proposition was insane. \"Off the roof, onto the slide, and into the pool stays.\" ! #$%^&* Graham Cracker and Stussy raced inside the empty mansion—up the stairs, through the incomplete second floor, out to a terrace, and up onto the roof. From the street, kids cat-called while positioning for a view. \"Poot. Let me use your phone,\" Frank urged. Poot was reluctant. \"It'll be done by the time anyone gets here.\" \"I'm not calling anyone,\" Frank said as he opened the phone. \"I want to take shots of the blood.\" Atop the roof, Stussy and Graham Cracker paused before their descent. \"Me first,\" Stussy said. For a few seconds, they shared a competitive stare. Then Stussy skated off the roof, onto the water slide, and into the pool for a wipeout. From the pool, Graham Cracker—still on the roof—looked impossibly tiny. Slowly, GC rolled back and forth, getting wheels in position. Time played tricks as Graham Cracker flew through the air, pulling a \"full\" before landing on the water slide. Then GC propelled the bike off the slide, adding an un-required back-flip before landing over the pool…and straight towards a brand-new, cathedral-height, sliding-glass door that led from the house to the pool. Poot was ready to vomit from the anxiety, as Frank shot the entire stunt. Images flickered on the little screen of Poot's phone-camera. Graham Cracker's bike sailed toward the sliding-glass window, while kids hustled for cover. GC shattered the plate-glass…careening towards, then into, and through, the drywall. Graham Cracker hit the ground and rolled like it was second nature. GC's bike was embedded in the drywall. \"Whoops,\" Graham Cracker tried pulling the bike out of the drywall, but it was stuck. Frank and Poot peeked through what used to be sliding glass. \"Gotta go—leave it.\" Poot ran to the front door. Frank tried to pull the bike from the drywall, but it wasn't moving. As Poot opened the front door, the alarm went ape. Frank yanked Graham Cracker's bike and fell. Poot's phone went flying. Kids on boards, bikes, and feet scattered from the mansion in every direction. GC was among them, pausing only to pull off the hoodie and toss clothes in the bushes. \"Graham Cracker\" was actually Haley Graham, an adorable young woman with twinkling eyes. This wasn't the first time she'd made out with the law. They'd had kind of an ongoing flirtation…going on some dates, breaking up, and getting back together. Until now, she hadn't been up for anything steady. But people changed, and Haley was no exception. She felt ready for a commitment to a serious courtship. Haley's own panting and heartbeat was slowly eclipsed by the sounds of Five-O…particularly sirens. She played cat-and-mouse with the car, raising cop-dodging to an art-form. Then she exited her cover too soon, noticed a cop cruising slowly behind. \"You're pushing it, Haley,\" he said through a bullhorn. Haley slowed down—and then gleefully sped up. ! #$%^&* At the police station, Haley Graham held up her booking numbers. She was covered in dirt. \"…Face forward, Haley…Profile right…Profile left…\" Haley smiled as if she were posing for a fashion magazine. ! #$%^&* In juvenile court, Judge Westreich studied Haley Graham's ponderous file. \"…Seven incidents in two months. You're in this to win it, eh?\" she asked Haley rhetorically. Officer Ferguson sighed. District Attorney Lauren Powers rose from her seat. \"…Looks to be about $14 thousand in property damage. That's a preliminary estimate, Your Honor.\" Brice Graham Junior—Haley's father, better known as \"Little Brice\"—coughed. He was your standard-variety repressed, entitled, big-buckled Texan contractor. \"Will the construction company press charges?\" Judge Westreich asked. \"Should we cut to restitution and leave it at that?\" Haley shrugged. \"What's to leave?\" Alice DeFrank, Haley's mom, was looking even more exhausted than usual…like she hadn't slept in Lord-knew-how-long. \"Jesus, Haley; save it.\" She spoke while juggling four-year-old Graham DeFrank, Haley's half-brother. \"What's to save, either?\" Haley asked with another shrug. Judge Westreich restrained a smile. \"Or we could do that.\" She looked distracted. \"Where did this happen?\" \"The Crestlake,\" Powers answered. Westreich did the math. \"…The Graham Development? I don't suppose she has permission to run wild amongst the bulldozers, Mr. Graham?\" \"Permission isn't a word Haley's found a use for, Your Honor,\" Little Brice replied. \"What happened to family therapy?\" Judge Westreich wondered aloud. Getting no response, she moved on. \"Mr. Graham, this inability to control your own daughter is not the state's problem. You won custody, and I must say I'm pretty underwhelmed by the level of care.\" \"You and I both,\" Haley chimed in, evading her father's acid glare. \"We'll take her, Your Honor,\" Alice offered. \"Over my dead body,\" Little Brice shot back. Judge Westreich cut in. \"Your attorney can familiarize you with the remedies available…Mrs. DeFrank, isn't it?\" Alice scoffed, passing Graham to his elder sister…dazzlingly-beautiful eight-year-old Christine DeFrank, named after their gymnastic coach-father. Christine, her dad's finest student—besides being his only child from a previous marriage—was currently \"pulling a Mike Tyson\"…in other words, capturing and holding numerous local championship-titles all at once. She also modeled competition-leotards for the quarterly catalog of a top manufacturer. All of this made the other DeFrank Elite gymnasts furiously jealous—which Christine's dad actually encouraged, believing it kept her in line. Looking on was Graham and Christine's half-brother. Brice Graham the Third—better known as \"Three\"—was twelve years old going on twenty. He wore a pressed uniform, polished boots, and a shined belt buckle—all compliments of the Texas Military Academy. \"Haley,\" Judge Westreich went on, \"Your father is willing to underwrite two options here, and I'm going to let you decide: Texas Military Academy; or a facility called…VGA.\" Haley sat up with a jolt. Freaking, Alice turned to her husband. \"I know you're mad at me, Brice, but stop taking it out on Haley! This is ridiculous! Let me have her!\" Despite the obviousness of this rock-and-a-hard-place deal, Haley didn't need to think it over. \"TMA would be just perfect; thanks, Your Honor.\" At least there she could log some quality time with her prodigious little brother, whom she'd seen little of since his acceptance to the Academy two years ago. Life there had changed him from a prank-happy pest into a dreary young man, all but devoid of imagination or passion. I used to figure I hated the old Three, Haley thought, but what I wouldn't give to have him back now! Judge Westreich wrote something down before picking up her gavel. \"Then VGA it is,\" she smiled. Now it was Haley's turn to freak. \"No, I said TMA! Didn't you hear m—?\" Then she trailed off, realizing she'd just fallen for one of the oldest tricks in the judicial book. \"Oh, I heard you perfectly,\" Judge Westreich grinned as she tapped her gavel. \"Send me a postcard from VGA. \" Haley looked at her dad leaving, at her mom chasing him, at Christine and Three chasing their mom. ! #$%^&* The next morning, a disheveled Haley Graham rode shotgun—driving by her case worker, Susie Mack. They pulled up to a monstrosity and its driveway. \"It's a three-hour drive,\" Mack said. \"Take as much time as you need.\" Brice's monster-truck pulled into the driveway. Metallica could be heard blaring from inside the cab. Haley ignored him as she got out and headed inside. She sauntered upstairs toward her bedroom, past walls lined with family photos of better days. Haley's room was a thrasher pit: BMX posters; gear; trophies and ribbons buried under skate-rat paraphernalia. She pulled a cap off the wall, revealing a poster of her younger self as a gymnast…complete with devil-horns, a devil-tail, and a pitchfork. The text read: Haley Graham, Junior National Champion. Haley herself had doctored the \"H\" with a Sharpie; it now read Crampion. Another poster showed six girls, wearing U.S. colors, waving. This one read U.S. NATIONAL TEAM. A moustache and soul patch had been Sharpied onto the face of the eldest athlete…a broadly-smiling Tricia Skilken. The door opened. Haley's father slowly walked in, closing the door behind him. \"If this is about the window I broke—\" Haley began. \"Haley.\" \"…I can work it off. Would that help?\" \" Haley. \" \"Then what is this about? Your having to see Mom? I'll understand if—\" Little Brice raised his hand abruptly, cutting her off with a single unceremonious gesture. \"Please don't pretend to be sorry when we both know you're not. That's just an insult.\" \"What do you call putting up a custody battle when you didn't even want me?\" Her dad couldn't take it. He raised his fist—and barely stopped himself. Haley held back tears. \"Hitting me doesn't hurt Mom. It just hurts me.\" \"And I actually thought we might get this to work,\" Little Brice snarled. \"I must have been drunk.\" \"Just say you blame me for Mom cheating and then walking out. I'll understand.\" \"You knew exactly what was going on—and you did nothing to stop it.\" \"Do I look like I knew? Or sound like it?\" Little Brice savagely threw his daughter's stuff into her bag. \"I worked my ass off so you could train two thousand miles away, with the best in the world, and you repay me how? \" \"I'm sure, if we'd been here, none of this would've ever happened.\" \"You're your mother's daughter, Haley. That's the closest thing to a compliment I can dredge up,\" Little Brice sneered. \"Your mom and you are both out of control. Well, newsflash: this is the last nail in the coffin. You were right the first time—I don't want a daughter anymore.\" \"How can you give up without even trying first?\" Haley asked. \"Isn't that in the manual you're always saying I should read sometime?\" That broke the mule's back. Haley's father connected with an uppercut. She stumbled, yet registered almost no pain. \"Is everything okay?\" Susie Mack called from below. \"No,\" Haley answered as Little Brice turned away and slammed out of the bedroom. Her jaw hurt like anything. ! #$%^&* As Mack's car negotiated the streets of Plano, Haley noticed Poot and Frank giving chase on their bikes. They cruised alongside the moving car. \"Yo, Graham Cracker!\" Poot greeted her. \"What's happening? Where are you going?\" Haley rolled down her window. Susie shook her head, but then relented as they paused at a stoplight. \"Juvey, outskirts of Houston,\" Haley answered Poot. \"I'll be out after a short stretch.\" She noticed Susie giving her a curious look. \"Can we visit?\" Poot asked. \"As in, break me out?\" Haley half-joked. \"Come and give it your all.\" Susie gave her a doubly-curious gaze. Haley was fighting something. Poot and Frank were doing everything they could to avoid looking completely bummed. \"You know how I feel about the bust,\" Frank said. \"Consider it well-done. No, make that charred to a crisp.\" Haley welled up as the stoplight changed color. As she covered tears, Poot shoved his combination phone/text messenger through the window. She caught it awkwardly. \"Use it if they don't take it,\" he said. \"I'll steal my brother's.\" \"I got some really good shots of your jump on there,\" Frank added. \"That was legendary.\" Haley threw her friends a heavy-metal salute through the passenger window. Then she gazed into the rearview mirror at Frank and Poot. They just sat there, unable to wave goodbye. Abruptly remembering something, Haley rolled the window down. \"Get my horse back!\" \"Did you catch that?\" Poot asked Frank. \"What?\" Frank responded. \"That she's totally obsessed with me?\" \"Why do you always have to bite my moment?\" Poot demanded. Then, \"Did it taste good?\" \"Delicious.\" ! #$%^&* It was high noon on the outskirts of Houston. The building was giving off toxic rays. Troops of feet ran in synchronization to a scary military fife and drum corps music. A caretaker opened the door to a grim cinderblock cell which was the VGA dorm. Haley entered and dropped her stuff on the floor. This place blew chunks. In the VGA drill facility, detainees did pushups or climbed ropes. Back in the residential area, Haley wrapped her unbrushed hair haphazardly into a trucker cap. She slipped her tube-socked feet into shower sandals, laid her regulation shirt and shorts on the bed. She stashed her Gameboy into the back pocket of her chollo waders, as if it were a pistol. Then she opened the doors to the VGA gym with a groan and a kick. Standing in dust and sunlight, resembling a teenage gunslinger, Haley reached for some lights. \"Anybody home?\" she called out. \"Anyone care?\" The overhead lights flickered to life above four worthy opponents: the vault, the uneven parallel bars, the floorex, and the beam. Sun streamed through the windows. Dust floated through the air as two big, ancient ceiling fans kicked in. Haley was alone. ! #$%^&* In VGA's state-of-the-art elite training facility, a weapons check was in progress. A symphony of t-shirts and shorts were pulled off. Athletic tape, dowel grips, and chalk dust exploded into the air like atomic mushroom clouds. Warriors wrapped protection for battle onto their fingers, wrists, toes, ankles, feet, calves and thighs. The warriors were Elite gymnasts—ages 12 to 19—on the vault, bars, beam, and floor. They worked their equipment to its breakdown point. The white walls and red floors screamed all business. From a Plexiglas viewing booth, mothers and sullen siblings scrutinized the proceedings. Downstairs, Burt \"Big Vic\" Vickerman—the alpha male of the operation—was pacing and surveying his Elites. Around him swirled his assistant coaches, Dorrie and Ivan, both Russian. The entrance doors opened. Heads turned. Haley Graham stood in the doorway, motionless. For Haley, there was just one thing worse than having no control over her own life—being forced to share her life with people who: (A) she knew hated her; (B) knew she knew it; and (C) liked it that way. Now she was suddenly the meat in a do-you-know-I-hate-you-good-because-I-want-you-to-know-it sandwich. Eighteen-year-old Joanne Charis was the bread for that sandwich…a four-time National Team member, and a five-time national Haley Graham-hater. The word WHITEBREAD was written all over Joanne, especially in her bitchy priss face. Born and raised in Wichita, Kansas, she was ranked 25th nationally in various events…although her favorite, or so it seemed, was complaining. As an Elite gymnast at the Vickerman Gymnastics Academy, she'd taken an insane number of injuries and always kept on ticking. Now Joanne and two fellow VGA Elites, Devon Muth and Lacey Saari, shared blatant looks of disgust before returning to their workouts. Five other Elites shared whispers and looks of excitement. The assistant coaches noted Haley's arrival with disdain. As Haley plopped down and started playing her Gameboy, Joanne shot her a Dirty Harry-esque look while putting on grips. Some things never changed; if gymnastics was the kid Haley stopped being friends with because it was a total jerk to her, then Joanne would be that kid's BF. And a kid like gymnastics didn't care if you were hurt, or tired, or sad. It just moved on and found someone new to be friends with. For Haley, gymnastics had been the most two-faced friend anybody could have been cursed with—besides being the hungriest. It ate kids for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Haley noticed two more VGA Elites, Wei-Yong SooHoo and Mina Hoyt, working out. Both girls had the words FRESH MEAT written all over them. Wearing a purple track suit and a glare that could melt steel, Big Vic himself strode through the gym like Authority Personified. Gymnasts sat up straight and looked serious, as his figure passed them by. A line of spectacular-looking legs fanned down from handstands, like a curtain in an Esther Williams movie. For parents who wanted their daughters to be grilled gymnasts, there was just one chef in town. \"Ladies,\" he yelled to the gym. \"Read, my, mind.\" ! #$%^&* Fifty-two-year-young Burt Vickerman Senior was where charm and belligerence collided. He'd held the Collegiate Gymnastics and NCAA Pommel-Horse All-American titles from 1972 until 1973, when a dislocated shoulder and torn ACL had cut short his career. He'd subsequently fallen in love with his gorgeous physical therapist, who also happened to be a former teammate. Marrying in 1974, they'd welcomed a daughter—Victory, or \"Vicky\" for short—the following year. The year after that, they had welcomed a son—Burt Junior, AKA \"Little Vic\". Big Vic had won Plano Pontiac's Mid-Size Salesman of the Year awards from 1976 to 1979, when the call of the gym had proved simply too strong for him…ostensibly. His wife had also been killed by a drunk driver, who'd perished himself in the same accident. When he wasn't busy dealing cars, Big Vic and his wife had been giving private gymnastic lessons out of their backyard—where they'd collected various training devices. They'd honed their coaching and refereeing techniques on Vicky and Little Vic, both of whom had gone on to become NCAA All-American/Collegiate Gymnasts in their own right. The apple had certainly not fallen far from the tree. Little Vic himself had married a lovely former teammate, whose father happened to be a wealthy used car-dealer. Two years after their honeymoon, the young couple had welcomed a daughter—Ernestine, or \"Ernie\" for short. After two more years, they'd welcomed a son—Burt Vickerman the Third, whom they affectionately called \"Trip\" (short for Triple, aptly enough). Both Ernie and Trip were rapidly working their own way up the competitive-gymnastics ladder…but that was another story. In 1980, Big Vic had bought out a small-time gymnastics club and renamed it after himself. The rest was history. Big Vic's favorite event was winning. His zodiac sign, fittingly, was Cancer—the Crab. Even in his worst moods, however, he was beguiling…as one might expect from a man who cooked and served the finest (in every sense, according to many VGA patrons) barbecued gymnasts west of the Mississippi. Yet Haley Graham had never been a fan of Big Vic's sauce. ! #$%^&* Big Vic scratched his head with well-rehearsed incredulity. \"Read my mind, ladies,\" he repeated, pointing to his temple while surveying the VGA domain. \"Does my mind say relax? Perhaps my mind is saying slow down, or take it easy. I mean, perhaps you can read my mind and it's completely lost. Have I lost my mind? Is that why you're staring off into space?\" As the terrified gymnasts went from cruising speed to flanking speed, Big Vic strode over and loomed large over Haley. He extended his hand, pulling her up. The furious Joanne stirred the pot. \"What is she doing here?\" \"Everyone,\" Big Vic announced, \"Haley Graham has very graciously come out of… retirement to train with us. Being out of shape isn't a joke, so don't make fun of her. Get dressed, Haley.\" \"I gave away all my leotards last year, as birthday and Christmas presents,\" Haley explained wryly. \"I read somewhere that leos actually make very nifty bathing suits, so I figured I'd spare my friends a trip to the mall.\" She indicated her shorts and matching shirt. \"I hope this is okay.\" It wasn't, but Big Vic played along. \"Fine. You warmed up?\" \"To you? Never. But I'm ready and raring to work out, if that's what you mean.\" Big Vic nodded. \"Stretch and join vault rotation. Let's see where you're at.\" Haley began a series of familiar leg stretches in the corner, while playing with her Gameboy. Striding over, Joanne loomed large over Haley. \"Bail-ey, Bail-ey. Wow. You've really gotten…skinny-fat.\" Using her Gameboy as a mic, Haley did her best impression of announcer Tim Daggett. \"She's not of drinking age, but Joanne Charis is still intoxicated with power. How is that possible, and when will she go to rehab? Well, with all those lame finishes at the Nationals under her belt, Charis still thinks she rules the world.\" \"If you hadn't bailed, we might have ruled at the Worlds,\" Joanne cut in angrily. \"Now we'll never know.\" \"If our team had been that good, they wouldn't have needed my score, would they?\" With that, Haley left Joanne and meandered up to the vault. The other girls stared at Haley. Was she really vaulting in chollo culottes and a hoodie? She gave them the same look in return while chalking up. \"You guys are really underdressed.\" Then she did an exaggerated Will Ferrell-esque preparation at the head of the vault runway. \"We're warming up Yurchenkos,\" Mina said. Around the gym, the Elites were maintaining their workouts while grabbing glances at Haley's pre-vault ritual. Then they stopped fully, in order to watch. Haley launched onto the beat board and sat on the vault like it was a chair. She jumped off with a flourish. The other gymnasts were shocked by this rebellion. Big Vic headed with scary calm in Haley's direction. \"My landing was a little off,\" Haley said. \"Nah,\" Big Vic corrected. \"You just need to pick up your run a bit.\" Haley smiled. Big Vic leaned in, smiling back and studying her. Then he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. She wriggled as he carried her out of his gym. As Joanne squealed with bitchy laughter, Big Vic whipped around. \"Having an attitude and being out of shape isn't funny,\" he snapped. \"Who thought that was funny?\" Joanne the culprit pointed to Wei-Yong and shrugged. Wei-Yong shrugged and pointed back to Joanne. \"Give me a hundred V-ups, both of you,\" Big Vic ordered. \"Now…And that means the rest of you, to boot.\" An audible ripple of relief floated through the gym. \"Shut it! All of you!\" Big Vic commanded. \"Down…YINS!\" As all the gymnasts dropped, Big Vic grabbed Haley's knapsack while carrying her out. \" YINS? \" Haley probed curiously. \"Yesterday If Not Sooner,\" Big Vic explained. \"People who survive in my program get used to hearing that one.\" He carried her down the path towards his old gym. \"This isn't the real world; it's my world. I don't expect anybody here to like it, or to like me. What I demand is that they respect both.\" Then, just outside the old gym, he sat the bristling Haley down on a beam. \"I'm sure throwing people over your shoulder and violating their personal space builds carloads of respect,\" Haley semi-joked. \"Goody,\" Big Vic responded. \"I heard you were like this. I'm so glad it's true. I always did crave a challenge.\" Haley nodded while rifling through her knapsack. \"We have rules, for training. We also have coaches,\" Big Vic went on. \"And the reason we have them is because it's gymnastics…which, in turn, is because you could break or burst something—like your neck, your back, an arm, a leg, or the whole kit and caboodle.\" Haley faked a yawn and checked her nonexistent watch. Big Vic's rant continued. \"While danger and risk is the reality of what we do, it's all calculated. It has to be. But it can't be calculated if you don't respect the way things work. Things like gravity, for instance.\" He took Haley off the beam and dropped her onto the mat. \"I'm confused. What's your point?\" Big Vic spelled it out for her. \"You can't appreciate rules which are there to protect anything you don't value, down to and including your life. And I get that—because, let's face it, who does? It's not possible.\" Haley stood up. \"It's possible, all right. It just isn't likely…\" She and Big Vic faced off on either side of the beam. \"…Least of all when respect is a one-way street.\" \"You don't do one-way streets, huh? Well, how about cul-de-sacs?\" This startled Haley. Big Vic was notorious for many things, yet a sense of humor was not among them. \"Get some rest,\" he told her. \"Be here—ready to work out—at ten sharp tomorrow morning…Unless you'd rather call the judge, which I'd rather not.\" ! #$%^&* The next morning at 9:36 AM, the Elites sprinted by Haley, as she meandered up the running path towards the old gym. She entered the parents' viewing deck, as many younger gymnasts of various levels took class behind the plexi. Big Vic entered, creating a flutter amongst the moms. \"Good morning, ladies. Good morning, Haley.\" He led a hot-looking mom into his office. Haley sat on the floor next to Big Vic's office door, listening as he spoke. He noticed her, but pretended not to have a clue. \"You know Madison is very gifted,\" Big Vic told the hot mom. \"We'd like to fast-track her towards becoming an Elite. She's a star.\" \"But twenty hours a week?\" Madison's mom replied. \"She's six. I have two other children.\" \"We'll have her into the TOPS program by the time she's ten,\" he assured her. \"Junior Elite by age 13. That's the gold.\" \"Don't you mean goal? \" Madison's mom responded. \"Did I say gold?\" Big Vic laughed. \"I guess Madison and gold are becoming synonymous for me.\" Haley gagged, while throwing him a look through the door-crack. \"Don't tell the other parents,\" he said. \"I don't want them to feel—\" Madison's mom smiled and sealed her lips. \"Say no more. Thanks, Burt.\" With a wink, she left the office. Big Vic beckoned a new target. \"Mrs. LeDain? Come on in.\" As the next mother entered his office, the disgusted Haley exited. He caught this and smiled. ! #$%^&* The ECU clock in the Elite Training Facility read 9:48 AM. All was silent. With a bang and a blast of light, the entrance doors to the gym burst open and the Elites raced inside. Joanne turned to Big Vic. \"When can we scrap the old long-sleeved leotards?\" she asked. \"We need new ones for Nationals. Every college will be scouting me.\" She turned to Haley. \"Not that you have to worry about any such thing.\" Haley smiled. \"A new leotard might distract the judges and scouts from your lack of talent.\" She nodded approval. \"It's a solid strategy.\" \"Gosh, Pariah Carey, I wonder why no colleges are scouting you? \" Joanne shot back. \"Oh, I forgot! You don't matter.\" As Joanne left, Haley called after her, \"That you can even say the word college is an indictment against the whole institution.\" \"Hey, filibuster?\" Big Vic passed Haley a rag and a scraper. \"No one cares.\" They both proceeded to wipe the chalk bowls and scrape the bars down. \"More chalk, please.\" He handed her an empty magnesia wrapper. \"It's in the storage closet.\" \"Is that where you hide the candy?\" Wei-Yong asked while looking on. All the Elites turned around longingly at the word candy. \"Back to work, ladies,\" Big Vic regarded them sternly. \"If you're not here to work out, you're here to work …Now—Big pack.\" Joanne worked out on the beam. Devon and Lacey worked flip-flops with consecutive layout step-outs. The unfeminine Dorrie moaned angrily. \"Pretty feet, pretty feet, point them hard and win the meet!\" Haley held up the wrapper to Dorrie, who pointed to the storage room. Haley pulled the door handle. The closet was locked, so Haley sat. Wei-Yong and Mina did over-splits on stacked mats. Dorrie adjusted hips as necessary, while eagle-eyeing Joanne. Haley watched as Joanne did her routine, dismounting a simple single tuck with cowboy-legs. \"Deja jealous, Haley?\" she asked. \"Bring back memories? We trained together with Chris for – how long?\" \"That'd be too long,\" Haley answered. \"And he'd give me so much attention that you couldn't take it? So, rather than deal with it, you decided to take matters into your own hands—didn't you?\" \"You were getting a lot of attention because you sucked, Joanne.\" \"If memory serves, Bail-ey, sucking was your specialty. Some of us didn't need to sleep with the coach just for attention.\" \"Ladies!\" Dorrie cut in. \"Pointy feet, not pointy words. Pointy words are mouth turds!\" The Elites all had their mouths open, as Haley turned to them. \"Don't believe everything you hear,\" she said. \"The truth is actually much, much worse.\" She headed to the beam. \"It's just not as bad as Joanne's pre-school beam routine.\" Joanne scoffed. \"Easy,\" Dorrie tried to calm Haley. \"I choreographed that routine.\" Haley jumped round and stretched. \"Your secret's safe with me,\" she replied while adjusting the beat board. \"Since I'm so jealous of Joanne, I memorized her routine already.\" \"I don't think you're in shape,\" Joanne said. \"You think too much. You'll give yourself a headache,\" Haley retorted. \"I may be two years out of shape, but I can do this in my sleep.\" Without blinking, she mounted the beam like Joanne. \"Why do a risky flight-mount when you can get on safely?\" Haley mimicked Joanne's safe routine; it was the paragon of lame gymnastics choreography. \"We have some finger-flicking-good hand moves…the classic butt shelf…\" She stuck out her tush. \"…followed by some choreographic dust bunnies—useless bits of fluff, which get us from Point A to Point B, and which induce the urge to vacuum.\" As Haley launched easily into the moves she described, Joanne looked around—wondering if anyone was going to do anything. Haley went on leaping and faking bobbles, while dramatically covering it. \"That was for you, Joanne,\" she said, while going into a combined front tuck/jump. \"Woohoo – punch front, wolf jump – ever since they raised the value of that, we've been boring audiences with it for years!\" Coaches Dorrie and Ivan gaped with their mouths open. \"Watch as I set up my unspectacular dismount,\" Haley continued. \"It's the most points I can get for the least amount of work, so rather than show you what I can really do – which, let's face it, isn't much – let me phone it in…\" She pretended to dial on a telephone, and then pointed to Mina…who was sufficiently entranced to pick up the pretend-phone. \"…Hello? What's your name?\" \"Mina. Mina Hoyt.\" \"Hi, Mina; this is Haley. Listen, could you tell Joanne I'm going to take over and do a real dismount?\" Everyone gasped and ran from around the gym. Mina pretended to cover the mouthpiece on her \"phone\". \"Joanne? Haley's on the phone. She's going to do a real dismount.\" \"I heard her!\" Joanne slapped the pretend-phone out of Mina's hand, while giving her a scary I'm gonna kill you look. Haley kept talking on her own pretend-phone. \"How about a triple back-somersault? I'll probably cowboy my legs apart…Then again, that's what Joanne would do. And, after all, it is tricky to keep my legs together after sleeping with our old coach for so long. You understand.\" Hanging up, Haley turned the pretend-cell into a pretend-microphone…covering her ear and whispering into it. \"She's really gonna have to stick the landing…\" With that, she tossed the pretend-mike and spotted the end of the beam. \" Haley!\" Big Vic was striding towards her, with every intention of pulling her off the beam. \"You are not throwing a triple-somersault without training for it first!\" Haley launched off the beam as if it were a trampoline. Three back-somersaults, legs cowboyed as promised. Approaching the mat, she severely under-rotated…crashing hard onto her knees and elbows. She smiled. Big Vic loomed over her like the Sword of Damocles. \" Nobody throws triples in this gym until and unless they've trained for them,\" he proclaimed. \"Over my dead body.\" Haley looked up at him, delighted. \"You don't exactly look like you need CPR.\" He held himself in check. \"Since you know it all, I'm sure you can guess what I'm about to say…Can't you?\" She shrugged. \"For someone who doesn't know or care, you sure have a penchant for lectures, Professor.\" Big Vic paused, considering. \"So, did you come here to work out—or just to work me up?\" \"Depends,\" Haley answered. \"Which would you say I'm better at?\" \"Get out,\" Big Vic snarled. \"Don't come back until and unless you're ready to train.\" ! #$%^&* Late that afternoon, Haley played her Gameboy outside the gym; inside, eight of the Elites finished workouts. Big Vic mounted a lawnmower. \"Okay, ladies…Outside.\" The Elites looked at him inquiringly. \"Start circling the yard,\" he said. \"You're gonna keep circling until and unless Haley participates.\" He then cut off their moans of injustice with \" Now. \" All eight Elites circled the yard, scowling at Haley, while Big Vic followed them on the small tractor. At sunset, the girls were still dutifully jogging around the yard—while angry mothers stood watching with their arms crossed. \"Not globally unfair or anything,\" Joanne complained. \"Don't look at me,\" Haley retorted. \"You're the ones choosing to do this, so get some free will.\" The girls kept running—and glaring at Haley, who didn't move—as Big Vic chased them on his John Deere. Then he noticed Phyllis Charis, Joanne's cute-as-a-button mom, getting ready to do something. He clocked it. \"Okay, ladies. That's it. Good job. Grab some dinner…\" As Haley rose, Big Vic looked at her quizzically. \"…Not for you,\" he said. Phyllis walked up, looking really sweet and shy. \"Hey, Big Vic. May I have a word?\" \"You know family members aren't allowed in the gym, Mrs. Charis,\" Big Vic told her. \"Just coaches and gymnasts…Charming though you are.\" \"I will not have my daughter's training sacrificed for some little crack-whore,\" Phyllis declared, indicating Haley. \"Howdy, Mrs. Charis!\" Haley greeted her. \"Long time, no see…! I notice you still don't have a life.\" The gym emptied—with each Elite staring Haley down, or refusing to look at her, as they exited…with the exception of Joanne, who threw a fit. \"If she doesn't leave, we will!\" Phyllis grabbed Joanne and hustled her away from Haley. ! #$%^&* That night, Haley trudged to the dorm and pulled on the doorknob. It was locked. She knocked, peeking inside. Nothing. On the second floor, a window opened. Lacey dropped a duffle bag, just missing Haley. Devon closed the window and turned off the light. Mina popped her head out another window. Wei-Yong joined her. \"Was there candy in that closet?\" Mina asked. \"Do you know boys?\" Wei-Yong inquired. Before Haley could answer either question, Mina pitched another. \"Have you ever been to a concert?\" Haley nodded. Wei-Yong and Mina were both blown away. Then someone yelled at them from inside—something about a lock-out. Both girls shrugged apologetically. ! #$%^&* Haley walked into the old gym and plopped down onto the floor. She pulled out her text messenger and typed: HATE IT HERE. HATE EVERYONE. HATE MY LIFE. SAVE ME. Then she curled up, using her duffle as a pillow. The text messenger rang to life, reading: WE GOT YOUR HORSE! STAY TUNED. Suddenly, Big Vic strolled in with car keys. \"C'mon, Haley. Let's talk.\" ! #$%^&* Haley lay on a bench outside, staring at the sky, as Big Vic arrived with a tray of food. \"I'm not hungry,\" she told him. \"Thanks anyhow.\" \"Good,\" he answered. \"Because, when you take a dump where I eat, you don't eat.\" \"So noted,\" was Haley's response. \"Apparently, you have a lot of girls going to the Olympics. Which country are they gonna represent—the United States of Delusion?\" Big Vic chuckled as he dove into a hamburger. \"I'm on your side, believe it or not.\" \"No kidding…?\" Haley sat up, intrigued. \"…I didn't think you knew what my side is.\" \"I know about what happened to you at Worlds. I know that it really sucked.\" \"Sure. That's why you chased a bunch of girls around on a lawnmower—let them dodge sharp blades for something they couldn't control. Not an abuse of power or anything.\" Big Vic was enjoying his food. \"Actually, I took the blades out years ago. Don't you dare tell anybody, capisce? \" Haley shrugged. \"I forget what I hear very easily.\" \"So I've noticed. But seriously, I couldn't let them think anyone could get away with that kind of behavior, not around my own gym. Then again, you've proven that one needn't behave in order to exhibit behavior. You gotta love words.\" \"Whatever. I'm over it.\" \"You think I'm full of crap, don't you?\" Big Vic asked rhetorically. \"Look what you're eating.\" Big Vic changed the subject. \"I talked to Judge Westreich, told her all about what a charmer you were.\" \"What else did you tell her? Anything she didn't know?\" He noticed her eyeballing his food, pulled it closer to himself. \"I'm going to assume that college gymnastics is not on your To-Do list.\" Haley nodded. \"For me, college gymnastics is one big fat To-Don't.\" \"Great.\" Big Vic savored some fries with excessive appreciation. \"So, in addition to sparing innocent collegiate gymnastics coaches everywhere, that means you can take any purse money you win free and clear.\" \"…While you get to look like a hero for the comeback story of the year, right?\" \"And then there's the part where I get 25% of your winnings. I'm running a business here, remember?\" \"I couldn't care less about your business,\" Haley said. \"This was chosen for me. So you can make me cooperate and behave, but you can't make me want to be here instead of elsewhere.\" \"So that's why you ticked off the judge and kissed eighteen goodbye for a while? Your dad's business partners still have a year to press charges, or to do whatever else they want.\" Haley remained silent, unable to deny what he'd just said. Big Vic went on, \"I fought to have you here, because we both know you're more than good enough for this. So why not make it work?\" \"Because I can't see how it matters! This sport is a joke, because we have to be accurate and the judges don't! The rules are lame, which makes the outcomes lame to boot.\" \"What's your point?\" Big Vic munched thoughtfully. Haley threw rocks at the trash. \"You can be the best, and/or highest-ranked, gymnast in the world…Yet, if you're off by this much, it's all over. Do you know what it's like to work so hard for so little upside, all because the powers-that-be aren't held to the same standards as the contestants? If that disgraces your life's work and all…Well, straighter than that I couldn't give it to you. No offense intended.\" Big Vic was impressed by her logic. \"No offense taken…You might find this hard to believe, but I didn't grow up wanting to work on a leotard ranch.\" His tone became solemn. \"But my dreams of becoming a big fish at the leotard aquarium weren't realistic. So I settled.\" This got a smile out of Haley. \"The Friendship Cup is in a few weeks,\" he continued. \"Maybe, if you applied yourself, you could win a pile of cash—and I could get you out of here.\" \"What's your point?\" \"Don't forget, you're one of the greatest natural talents this sport has ever seen. You can still prove that!\" \"You're not actually pushing that speech!?\" she asked. \"You realize it's a total cliché, don't you?\" Big Vic leaned back. \"Okay, Little Miss Original Recipe…Give it your best shot.\" Haley got into character. \"Talent out the wazoo, natural ability that half the world's gymnasts would kill for! Are you gonna flush your life away, kid, or step away from the bowl?\" \"That was terrible, except for the way it proved my point. Now, come on! Who doesn't want to be great—or at least come as close as you once did—and why not?\" \"I wasn't great, just obedient,\" Haley corrected sullenly. \"Who doesn't eventually get sick and tired of being judged? Tell me who needs that.\" Big Vic's interest was piqued. \"For someone who hates being judged, you're one of the most judgmental people I've ever met.\" \"…I guess I've learned something from this sport after all,\" Haley said with another shrug. Big Vic gathered his trash and rose to leave. \"Nobody cares what you do, Haley…Least of all me.\" He headed toward his car. She thought it over, and then followed him to his car. He got inside and keyed the ignition, then shut the passenger door in Haley's face. \"If you want to come back, Miss Rebel-without-applause, you can walk. Relax; it's only five miles.\" Haley glared incredulously as he drove off. ! #$%^&* Lonely and hungry, tired and miserable, Haley walked along the dark and starry Texas road. Her misery became tears as all her toughness vanished. She paused to stare at the moon before continuing. ! #$%^&* Outside the Elite gym, Big Vic joined Haley, who walked as the other gymnasts jogged. \"Are you being straight with me?\" she asked. \"Seriously, I've grown up around enough lunatic adults to last me a lifetime.\" \"As always, I'll do what I said I'd do.\" \"I'm used to training on my own, rather than struggling in front of a bunch of robots—\" On a dime, Big Vic turned into a screaming monster. \"Haley, grab your horns and barbed tail and pitchfork, get up on your hooves and get lost! Now!\" Then he winked at her as she ran off. ! #$%^&* In the old gym, Haley speed-trained…lining up her tape-laden wrists and launching into back handsprings on the mat…twenty of them in a row. Then she stopped, panting, and looked around. She broke for lunch, staring at the beam while eating. Haley positioned, holding pike poses on the floor. She held layouts and twists for counts and releasing. Eyeballing the beam again, she groaned. Kipping up and down on the bars, Haley did planches and L-hollows. She hung by her knees, face and body covered in chalk. At the day's end, Haley limped out and looked back at the beam. Then she hit the lights, unaware of Big Vic watching her from behind a one-way mirror. ! #$%^&* Later, in the dorm, Haley limped past a room full of sleeping Elites. She was carrying a bag of ice. In her bathroom, she added ice to a tub filled with water on the rocks. Stripping down to her sleeveless VGA training-leotard, Haley winced and exhaled painfully. Then she gingerly lowered herself into the freezing water. She shivered, gritted her teeth—and then fell asleep, right there in the bathtub. ! #$%^&* On the path, Haley pretended to jog. The other girls ran past her as she bended over to tie her shoe. Haley stood up when they were out of sight. She gingerly took a few steps, still barley able to walk. Mina and Wei-Yong peeked from the dark viewing deck. \"Can you imagine making it all the way to Worlds and walking out?\" Mina asked. \"It's insane.\" \"I heard she was tanking her double pikes in warm-ups,\" Wei-Yong replied. \"I think she just chickened out.\" They watched Haley throw a triple twist. \"Whoa,\" Mina said. \"Chickens don't do triples.\" ! #$%^&* The new chronology of Haley's life-function was as followed: Run, work out, eat, ice bath, sleep…Easy as lather, rinse, and repeat. Big Vic caught glimpses of her with mounting interest. ! #$%^&* In the old gym, Haley's feet bounced with her newfound confidence. She went from a double layout into a double pike with no problems. Big Vic popped in. \"Wow, Haley…Does this mean you can finally walk again? Or should I keep the Ice-maker on overdrive?\" Haley answered his question with one of her own. \"They say those who can't do, coach. So what's your excuse?\" \"I missed a release move on high bar, fractured my spine. When I finally got the okay to train again, and got back up on the trampoline, things were different. I threw a layout, followed by a full, and then by a…\" He noticed Haley's fascinated stare. \"…You know what? I'm not telling you this. It's a non-event.\" \"You were scared, weren't you?\" \"No, I was done. There's a difference.\" \"I know exactly how that feels,\" Haley said. \"Only you chose to be done. My body chose for me.\" Despite not knowing how that felt, Haley nodded understandingly. \"You should get on the trampoline again, just to be sure.\" \"Pass. How soon are you gonna be ready to join us next door? Sometime this generation, I hope.\" \"I'll be there before you know it.\" \"Good.\" Big Vic smiled. \"You gonna hurt yourself?\" \"Who hasn't?\" she responded, smiling back. \"You gonna get blood on the equipment?\" \"I've already done that.\" His smile became a grin. \"Well, so long as you clean it up.\" Haley chalked up and did a tumbling pass. Then she ran back with a Swiffer handle. She tumbled one way, Swiffer-handled the other, chalked, and began the cycle anew. Soon she'd created a gaffer tape beam on the floor, making hufe white hand- and foot-marks where she was landing. It formed a visual map of where Haley was off. ! #$%^&* The clock in Haley's dorm room read 10 PM. Her text messenger rang to life. A phone-photo of Poot and Frank, both wearing ski masks, filled the screen. The text read: HALEY OR BUST! She laughed, then winced, climbed into bed and went for some Ibuprofen. The bottle was empty. Haley grabbed her Gameboy for comfort, wincing as she played. ! #$%^&* Next morning, the fluorescent drug-store lights were blinding and loud. Holding her empty Ibuprofen bottle, Haley pushed an empty cart up an equally-empty aisle. She paused, looking at the selection, and reached for a prescription bottle. Haley pulled the bottle down, looking around in confusion. She squinted while reading the ECU label: GRAHAM, HALEY – TSUKAHARA; START VALUE – SUPER E; TAKE TWICE DAILY WITH FOOD. WARNING – MAY CAUSE BROKEN NECK. Haley pulled more prescription bottles off the shelf. This one's label read: GRAHAM, HALEY – HINDORF (FULL-TWISTING DOUBLE-BACK IN THE PIKE POSITION). TAKE FIVE TIMES DAILY. WARNING – MAY CAUSE TORN HAMSTRINGS. The next bottle contained a poison symbol. GRAHAM, HALEY…FULL-TWISTING ONO, ENDO FULL INTO KHORKINA. START VALUE – SUPER E. WARNING – DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS MOVE, OR YOU WILL DIE AN OUT-OF-SHAPE HAS-BEEN. The entire shelf-wall of the store was filled with prescription bottles in Haley's name. Frantically, she pulled bottle after bottle off the shelf…putting them in her basket, which was soon overflowing. All of a sudden, the store's alarm sounded… ! #$%^&* Back in Haley's room, it was still night. Her Gameboy was making noises. She bolted up, panting, and flipped on the light. Mina rushed to the door. \"Are you all right?\" \"Yeah, fine. Why?\" \"You were screaming.\" A curious Wei-Yong rushed up behind Mina. \"Were you at a concert or something?\" she asked Haley. \"Was someone trying to steal your candy?\" Mina chimed in. \"Because that happened to me once. I screamed like a banshee.\" Haley waved dismissively. \"Go back to sleep, guys.\" Mina and Wei-Yong shared a look as they retired. ! #$%^&* Haley made her real debut the next morning, in the Elite gym. Practice was already well in session when she showed up in a short-sleeved animal-print leotard, prepared to strut her stuff. \"Woohoo, Bailey's back,\" Joanne greeted her. Haley walked right past Joanne to the bars. Dorrie and Joanne wandered over with her, pretending not to be curious. Around the gym, everyone stopped what they were doing to watch Haley…who sang to herself as she dragged a beat-board over to the bars. She put on her grips, ignoring the focus. Big Vic and Mina watched Haley chalk up. \"She's been practicing a def,\" Mina told her coach. \"It's called a Geinger full,\" he corrected. \"Go do some more sit-ups.\" Haley launched into a kick-ass routine. Around the gym, everyone was stunned, mouths open. Joanne stomped her foot. \"It's time for independent study, people!\" Dorrie said. Joanne was annoyed to notice that Haley wasn't leaving. \"Doesn't she have home-school?\" she asked Mina. Haley spoke into her pretend-phone. \"Mina? Please tell Joanne I got my GED when I was fifteen.\" Joanne brushed past Mina. \"What does drunk driving have to do with school?\" Haley sighed as the miffed Joanne turned away and then departed. ! #$%^&* Later, Mina rehearsed on the floor—tumbling like a badass to stripper-jazz music. Dorrie imitated Mina's stiff dance-moves like a kindergarten teacher. \"Not like a duck! What the cluck! Flow like a river! Be a smile-giver!\" Then Dorrie gave up. \"Your dance-elements are too mechanical.\" Mina kept trying in earnest. She was graceful, but more about power than about \"corny stuff\". Dorrie switched off Mina's trumpet-music. \"Just because you're fourteen doesn't mean you have to look your age.\" \"How am I supposed to look?\" Mina asked. \"Like you're talented,\" Dorrie answered bluntly. Haley caught this, and didn't like it at all. \"Every tenth of a point counts,\" Dorrie went on. \"You're not trying hard enough. They want pretty! Elegant! Feminine!\" \"Then perhaps Mina should be coached by somebody she can imitate on those counts.\" Haley cut in. \"Not by someone who keeps squishing her tumbling into their own lame style.\" \"I'll do my job and you do yours,\" Dorrie shot back. But Haley was just getting started. \"I'm not the one who's paid to be here. If your job is to make cookie-cutter routines for every girl here, when even they can tell you that no two gymnasts are remotely alike…well, not lazy or anything.\" She mimicked the horrible stripper-esque moves with faux excitement. \"Why don't we just put a pole in the middle of the floor? At least we can earn some tips while we're out there. Heck, some girls work their way through grad school like that.\" Haley turned back to Dorrie with dead calm. \"I understand not everybody can be original, but that's no reason for being lame.\" Dorrie lost it. \"Boss!\" she called, on the verge of crying. Big Vic hit the scene. \"Make it fast; I've got two rhythmic girls in the old gym, walloping each other with clubs.\" \"I need to be guaranteed an environment where these girls keep their opinions to themselves,\" Dorrie proclaimed, indicating Haley. \"Especially her.\" \"Haley, we've got a meet next door,\" Big Vic admonished. \"Will you say you're sorry?\" \"Because she can't handle one opinion? Or because the truth hurts?\" Haley retorted. \"If I'm wrong, then why is she so upset?\" This sent Dorrie over the edge. She began hyperventilating. \"Dorrie,\" Big Vic said. \"Relax.\" \"I am trying to choreograph a routine here!\" \"There's a fine line between choreography and homicide. Anybody who does this for a living should know the difference.\" Haley sighed. \"I'm saying that to help.\" \"That's not the sort of help I need!\" Dorrie hissed. \"Yes, it is!\" Mina blurted. Dorrie nodded, wiping her tears with the wounded entitlement of someone gravely harmed. \"Dorrie, there's an Advil bottle in my top drawer,\" Big Vic said. \"It's not Advil inside. Help yourself…Haley, come here.\" Haley came over, ready to burst out laughing. \"Don't be like that.\" Big Vic was sympathetic. \"The hysterical nursery rhymes she'll leave on voicemail are a hundred times worse, so just steer clear.\" Haley changed the subject. \"I know you're very busy milking the cash-cow next door, but maybe you can fix Mina's floor routine. She's a badass, and Dorrie's been making a sissy out of her.\" \"What's wrong with Mina's floor routine?\" Big Vic inquired. Haley studied him. \"For someone who keeps chanting, Olympics or bust, you don't pay much attention to your thoroughbreds.\" Big Vic remained clueless. \"With all respect due to your gold medal-factory next door,\" Haley rephrased, \"Dorrie's not the world's greatest coach.\" Ivan yelled something in Russian about the rhythmic. \"I gotta jam, Haley.\" Big Vic turned away from her. \"Worry about your own routines.\" Ivan rushed into the Elite gym. He was tangled in ribbons. \"…The rhythmics are going peanuts—\" was all Big Vic could make out. \"Show me,\" he ordered Ivan. Haley and Mina rushed after them into the old gym. All four stopped dead in their tracks. \"This is so retarded,\" Mina commented. \" Leotarded is more like it,\" Haley added. The scene was rhythmic mayhem. Rail-thin rhythmic gymnasts were in a full-scale battle with their equipment; balls, clubs, rings, and ribbons were being wielded like kung-fu weapons. \"This would make a great movie,\" Haley half-joked. \"Where's my vid-cam?\" \"Knock it off, Haley!\" Big Vic called over his shoulder. As he waded into the fray between two pee-wee gymnasts, a rhythmic club pelted him from nowhere. Then a third pee-wee crashed into him and they both plunged into a nearby foam-pit. Mina studied the freaky goings-on with Haley. \"Not insane or anything,\" she said. Haley shrugged. \"If I had to jump through hoops and twirl ribbons without tripping—or eating—I'd go insane, too.\" Then she produced a cigarette lighter from her pocket. \"But this should break it up.\" She jumped onto a trampoline and launched herself toward the gym ceiling; there she flicked her lighter under the sprinkler-system, which kicked on. Within seconds, everything and everybody in the gym was absolutely drenched. The surprisingly-warm water left Haley's \"Jungle Jane\" leotard, and her hair, plastered to her. Euphoric, she dropped from the ceiling into a pit filled with mud-colored ping-pong balls…which was conveniently located halfway between two water-spewing sprinklers. Beside the pit was a sign which read DANGER / QUICKSAND. Haley frolicked in the \"bog\", while the sprinklers kept soaking her. She was in heaven. \"C'mon in!\" she called out to nobody in particular. \"The quicksand's fine!\" ! #$%^&* Back in the Elite gym, Lacey and Joanne popped in for their evening workout. At the uneven parallel bars, Haley worked release moves on a set. Haley looked up as Wei-Yong cleared her throat twice. Then Wei-Yong did the exact same combination that Haley had just done. \"How long have you been doing that?\" Haley asked. Wei-Yong shrugged. \"Show me more.\" Wei-Yong launched into a series of flights on the uneven. Haley's mouth was agape in genuine surprise and wonder, as Wei-Yong dismounted. \"You could go to Worlds with that,\" Haley told Wei-Yong. \"You think?\" \"I know. \" Haley was in puppy-dog mode, wide-eyed and nodding eagerly. Wei-Yong chuckled scornfully. \"Big Vic wouldn't even pick me for the Friendship Cup. As far as he's concerned, I don't exist.\" Mina appeared, wanting in on this. Haley turned to Mina. \"You guys are way better than Joanne or Lacey, or even me…\" Wei-Yong shook her head and shyly looked at the floor. Mina blushed. \"…But you gotta totally want it, more than the next girl. Do you?\" Wei-Yong and Mina looked shocked, then smiled and nodded. \"We totally want it!\" Haley returned the smile. \"Then it's Friendship Cup or bust.\" ! #$%^&* Days later, in the Elite gym, Big Vic stood in front of everyone. \"Based on results at the Pan Am Classic, and on progress and consistency in workouts, I've selected the four athletes competing for the Friendship Cup.\" \"You decided fast,\" Haley observed. \"It's looking a lot like Nationals.\" Big Vic smirked indulgently. \"No worries, Haley. You're on the list.\" Haley looked confused. The other girls groaned. \"I need someone to loan Haley a club warm-up and a leotard,\" Big Vic said. \"Unsanitary!\" Joanne retorted. \"And those long sleeves are so tired! Don't we have a constitutional right to bare arms?\" Mina and Wei-Yong drooped. Haley's hand shot up. \"Since when have you needed permission to speak?\" Big Vic asked. \"Depends,\" Haley answered. \"At what point does it matter whether or not we need permission for something?\" \"It always matters,\" Big Vic confirmed. \"That's why you're going.\" \"I'd still love to know whether I've earned this spot, or if it's just being handed to me,\" Haley said. \"If it's a bit of both, cool.\" \"It is a bit of both, actually,\" Big Vic replied. \"I've totally earned my spot,\" Joanne cut in. \"I'm practically a Dalmatian.\" \"Dalmatians are born with spots; they don't earn them,\" Haley retorted. \"That's my point.\" \"Dogs are people, too,\" Joanne shot back. \"You said it, I didn't,\" Haley responded. \"Anyhow, I'd hate to think I was going based on some subjective, opinion-based, reputation crap.\" \"That's just it, Haley,\" Joanne explained. \" Everything about gymnastics is subjective, opinion-based, reputation crap! So deal with it, instead of being a spoil-sport.\" \"It's the sport that's spoiled, not me.\" With that, Haley turned back to Big Vic. \"Take whoever you want, Coach. You know best.\" \"They're all lazy,\" Ivan urged Big Vic. \"Put the fire under the gluteus. Make competition.\" Big Vic was resentful, but took the bait. \"Let's do it, then.\" Lacey and Joanne shot Haley looks that were meant to kill. \"No killing Haley in her sleep, people,\" Big Vic warned. ! #$%^&* A few days later, in the Elite gym, eight handpicked VGA gymnasts warmed up while parents gathered in the bleachers. Two judges prepared and took their places. \"Ladies,\" Big Vic announced, \"I've asked the judges to score you all regardless of order.\" \"Is that fair?\" Joanne inquired. \"What's this all about?\" ! #$%^&* Later, on the uneven parallel bars, Big Vic helped Haley adjust the beat board. \"I want you to do well,\" he told her. \"The last thing I need is for you to hurt yourself on, say, a triple twist—or anything else you can't stick.\" Haley looked surprised. Big Vic went on, \"I may be self-involved, but I'm not blind.\" \"I acknowledge your concerns and will take them into consideration,\" Haley said, \"as I light the bars on fire.\" \"Actually, that reminds me,\" Big Vic added, \"Your toe point still needs work.\" \"My toes drill oil when they need to,\" Haley scoffed. \"Okay, Exxon; let's see it, then.\" He and Haley shared a smile. It was so on. ! #$%^&* The Elite gym's in-house competition featured every girl and every routine at the same time. It was like a kaleidoscope: a syrup vault, a spoke-bar routine, and a shiva-beam routine happened simultaneously with anti-gravity tumbling on the floorex. ! #$%^&* Later, Dorrie reviewed the in-house competition results. Overly-nervous parents looked on. Nearby, Big Vic conferred gifts upon Judges Postma and Turescheva. \"The winner today was Wei-Yong,\" Dorrie said. \"Haley was second, followed by Mina…and then Lacey. Joanne will be our alternate.\" Parents gasped. So did Joanne. \"Alternate? I'm nationally ranked!\" Big Vic loomed behind her. \"And, as such, you're already qualified for Nationals. Remember, the Friendship Cup is a qualifier for those who aren't currently ranked. Let's be fair, Joanne.\" \"Jealous much, Joanne?\" Mina asked, while exchanging high-fives with Wei-Yong. ! #$%^&* Later, in the Elite gym parking lot, Judges Turescheva and Postma carried their gifts to their cars while kissing Big Vic's ass. \"What, are you actually spending time in the gym, Vic?\" Judge Turescheva asked. \"You're gonna have half the national team this year, with those young ones.\" \"Tell your friends,\" Big Vic responded. \"Haley looks great,\" Judge Postma said. \"I hear Chris DeFrank expects her back at his gym on her eighteenth birthday.\" Big Vic was put-off, even miffed, at this news. \"Haley!\" he called. \"Chris DeFrank thinks you're gonna end up back at his gym. What do you think?\" As Haley jogged over and joined them, Big Vic high-roaded it. \"If Haley wants to go back and train with Chris, that's completely up to her.\" Haley looked at Big Vic with respect and gratitude. \"I think if Chris DeFrank had wanted me to keep training with him,\" she said, \"he wouldn't have started boning my mom behind my dad's back.\" She walked away, leaving Big Vic and both judges stunned. ! #$%^&* That night in the dorm, Haley stood alone at the pay-phone. She was nervous, and not just from the dark. \"Hey, Dad. Sorry to bother you. I just wanted you to know I'm working hard here. I'm working to pay you off for the damages and stuff. I'm competing for something they call the Friendship Cup; if I win—no, I mean when I win—I'll donate the prize money to you…Okay; that's it. I just didn't want you to think I'm goofing around out here. Bye, then.\" She hung up, determination written all over her face. ! #$%^&* The next day, in the Elite gym, Devon held out a neatly-folded warm-up and leotard. She dropped both on the floor at Haley's feet, and then walked off. \"Thanks, I think,\" Haley said. On the other side of the gym, Lacey was crotching the beam, circling and hanging by her knees. Nearby, Big Vic was spotting Joanne. \"Pack your stuff,\" he told her. She was river-dancing, with no regard for Lacey's feelings. ! #$%^&* Later, in the Elite gym's parking lot, Big Vic loaded up his van for the Friendship Cup. Haley, Mina, Wei-Yong, and Joanne were helping him. \"…Wait,\" Haley said in astonishment. \"You say you don't have a license to practice gymnastics?\" \"It was revoked,\" Big Vic explained while ushering her into the van. ! #$%^&* Half an hour later, Big Vic entered a Rite Aid. The cute checkout lady smiled at him. \"Howdy, Sheila,\" he said, giving her a flirty nod. \"Could you direct me towards the bandages?\" \"Did you break someone's heart?\" she joked, then indicated where Big Vic should go. \"They're on Aisle 13.\" Haley, Mina, Wei-Yong, and Joanne burst through the doors behind Big Vic…who turned around and flashed them a look. Haley caught it and steered her three friends elsewhere. He turned back to Sheila. \"Thanks, Sheila; I appreciate it.\" Minutes later, he unloaded a pile of wrapping supplies at Sheila's checkout counter. She smiled. \"Looks like you broke a lot of hearts.\" \"I wish,\" Big Vic said, playing along. As they shared a laugh, Haley and her fellow gymnasts rounded the corner. The four girls were amped, their arms full of candy. Big Vic sighed. \"Read my mind, people.\" Sheila blushed, tickled. Haley whispered something to Wei-Yong, who threw herself into an excellent impression of a spoiled brat. \"But, Dad, you promised!\" Then Mina kicked in with an even-better impression of same. \"Yeah, Daddy! Pretty please with—\" \"Stop,\" Big Vic shook his head. \"I don't even want to hear that word, Mina.\" Sheila looked confused, as Haley pretended to burst into tears. \"It's just candy,\" Sheila said. \"It's poison,\" Big Vic retorted sternly. \"It'd be healthier for them to eat the boxes and wrappers for that stuff, than the stuff itself.\" \"You know, girls can get eating disorders when their fathers pay too much attention to what they eat,\" Sheila replied. \"I'm not their old man,\" Big Vic shot back. \"Then why do you care what they eat?\" Sheila asked. \"We'll just get Mom to buy it for us later,\" Haley said. Mina and Wei-Yong nodded. Sheila handed them some candy. \"Here, girls; it's on me.\" Big Vic shook his head angrily. When they were outside the store, he stepped between them and the van. \"The candy. Now,\" he ordered. \"Otherwise, you can walk from here to the Friendship Cup.\" He thrust out a hand, gestured insistently. The girls resignedly passed him the candy Sheila had treated them to. Then Big Vic stepped aside, got in the driver's seat, keyed the ignition…and proceeded to eat the candy himself. ! #$%^&* The girls filed toward the Sam Houston Arena while Big Vic parked the van. Five super-tall basketball players walked by the girls; it was a study in contrasts. A convertible, with two coeds crammed inside, pulled up and started honking. As the VGA crew turned toward the noise, two of the b-ball players ran towards the car. They kissed the girls and hopped into the convertible, which squealed off in a blare of music. Haley, Joanne, Mina, and Wei-Yong watched the life they were missing. Their faces were masks of angst. \"I'd kill for a boyfriend,\" Joanne said. The other girls turned to glare at her. \"That's a strategy,\" Haley responded. \"Boys love violence.\" The VGA girls walked, in matching gear, through the double-doors of the small arena. Haley glanced back longingly at the car and its occupants, before heading inside. The sign read, Welcome to the FRIENDSHIP CUP. Underneath it were two additional signs with opposing arrows: one was for ARTISTIC GYMNASTS; the other was for T&T; . Big Vic and his crew followed the AG arrow. \"What's T&T;?\" Mina asked. Haley assessed the timing. \"It's short for Trampoline and Tumbling. As in power tumbling. Come on,\" she said, pulling Mina the other way. Moments later, in the T&T; division, a women's synchro duo practiced on side-by-side trampolines…while other synchro teams waited their turn. As Mina and Haley rushed over to watch this strange world, one power-tumbler sprinted into an explosion of consecutive tumbling skills; she whizzed and thumped across the floor with awesome speed, power, and velocity. For Mina, it was like seeing God and home all at once. \"May she try it?\" Haley asked the PT girl, who nodded. Mina raced like a banshee to the runway and pulled off her sweats. \"What should I do?\" \"You can do eight of whatever you want,\" the PT girl explained. \"Whip-backs feel awesome.\" Mina wasted no time launching into a power-tumbling pass, as if she had been born to do it. She landed, exploding into giddy ecstasy. \"It's like NASCAR for girls!\" she gushed. Even the PT girl was impressed. ! #$%^&* Spectators took their seats for the Friendship Cup, while judges got oriented behind their tables. Gymnasts warmed up in pairs and trios, before lining up for the March-In. \"Haley!\" Big Vic roared out. \"Take those Chuck Connors off!\" Haley, hands on jutting hips, kicked off her black CC's without missing a step. Mina and Wei-Yong were both overwhelmed, as they eyed their fellow competitors. \"Trust me,\" Haley told her teammates, \"they're not thinking about you. Concentrate on yourself. Make the judges look. And, if you eat mat, eat it hard. Flame out.\" \"Yo, Graham Cracker!\" It was Poot, sitting with Frank in the stands. As both waved furiously, Haley ran over to greet them…by jumping into their arms, then hugging and kissing them. She laughed with excitement as they playfully caressed the seat of her VGA leotard. Jo, Mina, and Wei-Yong were doe-eyed. Haley knew boys! ! #$%^&* In the vault area, all events were competing simultaneously. \"What are you in for?\" Haley asked Mina. \"The one-and-a-half, and the double,\" Mina replied. \"Double it,\" Haley whispered. \"You can do the one-point-five as your second, if you screw up. Vault's the one place you get do-overs, so NASCAR it up.\" Mina nodded confidently. Haley changed her vault number and headed back down to the waiting area, while Mina chalked up. \"Did you just change Mina's vault?\" Big Vic demanded. Haley shrugged. \"You wanted her to double it, right?\" Big Vic shook his head in exasperation, while a judge green-flagged Mina. She saluted, while staring down the runway with intensity. Then she threw a double-twisting Yurchenko…and stuck it. Haley and Big Vic were blown away. \"Let the underscoring begin,\" he said, while she high-fived the elated Mina. Now Haley was up. Big Vic set her number for the judges. At the vault runway, Haley suddenly looked very tense. The crowd booed, with Frank and Poot laying it on with a vengeance. Mina had scored a 9.375. She looked visibly disappointed; Joanne, shocked; and Haley, furious. This was low, even by Joanne's standards. Haley chalked up, looking supremely annoyed. As Big Vic adjusted the beat-board, Haley waved him over while staring at the judges. \"Put me down for a single,\" she said. \"It's pointless to risk getting screwed by them twice. I need the money too much.\" This caught Big Vic off-guard. \"No double? Seriously?\" Haley shook her head. Big Vic changed her vault number. She prepped, saw the green flag, and saluted. Then she ran and vaulted a watered-down Yurchenko. \"…Not weird or anything,\" Mina said, as she and Wei-Yong shared a look of total confusion amid the applause. As Haley exited the vault runway, Big Vic patted her on the back. She walked past Wei-Yong and Mina. \"Where's the double?\" Wei-Yong asked. \"Did something happen?\" \"I changed my mind at the last minute,\" Haley said with a shrug. That explanation didn't ring any truer to herself than it did to Mina or Wei-Yong. Big Vic was happy, however. \"You did the right thing, Haley. Way to go.\" Mina and Wei-Yong traded looks. \"What does he mean by that? \" Mina wondered softly. Haley scored a 9.525. Joanne's vault was clean, with a big step. The scoreboard read 9.415. \"That sucks,\" Wei-Yong told Mina. \" You had no step!\" Joanne gloated as they grabbed stuff for the bar rotation. \"Mina's not nationally ranked,\" she said. \"Cut it out, Joanne,\" Haley retorted. \"It's not called gym-nice-tics,\" Joanne replied, as a competitor suddenly wiped out on her vault…right in front of them. \"See what I'm talking about?\" Like a sneeze, one really bad wipeout can give a meet the flu; all any gymnast can do is hope like hell she doesn't catch that flu. Soon, gymnast after gymnast was wiping out: a fall off the beam; a butt-landing on the floor; stepping out of bounds on the vault; three consecutive misses on bar-releases. Girls were tanking right and left. Later, at the uneven parallels, Big Vic and his crew cheered Wei-Yong on. \"Come on, Wei-Yong!\" Mina urged. \"Eat mat and eat it hard! Flame out!\" In the middle of her routine, Wei-Yong missed the bar on a release-move. Big Vic, who was spotting, missed her. Wei-Yong ate mat with a spread-eagle belly-slam. Chalk-dust blew everywhere. Poot, Frank, and their fellow spectators winced and groaned. Mina covered her mouth as if she'd caused the flame-out. The judges scribbled hieroglyphics on Wei-Yong's score-card. \"That's alright, Wei-Yong!\" Haley cheered. \"Shake it off!\" Wei-Yong remounted and finished the routine, clearly disappointed. Then she sneezed—twice. Haley clocked the sneeze, looking worried. Wei-Yong had scored a 9.2. Joanne, getting ready, walked smugly past Wei-Yong. \"Nice stick,\" she sneered. Joanne's routine was steady and boring in roughly-equal measure. She dismounted and checked out her score: a 9.312. Haley consoled a distraught Wei-Yong while Big Vic reset the bars. Mina gave Haley a fist-pump. \"NASCAR it up, Haley!\" she urged. \"Are you good?\" Big Vic asked. \"You've got that look.\" \"I'm throwing what I can throw,\" Haley replied. \"The judges wanted a clean routine,\" he counseled. \"You can win this. They like what you're doing, so stick it.\" \" Stick it? \" Haley smiled. \"Why do I not like how that sounded, coming from you? \" He smiled back. \"Accuracy counts, Haley.\" On the bars, Haley executed a very standard routine…much to Wei-Yong's and Mina's confusion. Joanne sidled up to Mina. \"That routine is four years old,\" she complained. \"It's practically farting dust.\" Mina ignored Joanne. \"Where are her release moves?\" she wondered aloud. \"What's Haley doing? That's too easy!\" \"You didn't really buy into that go for it routine, did you?\" Joanne goaded. \"If you want a team sport, try soccer.\" Haley stuck an easy dismount, looking humiliated. \"You got nothing to be ashamed of,\" Big Vic told her. His words merely exacerbated Haley's embarrassment. \"That's easy to say, for someone who has no shame,\" she responded. Sure enough, her score was 9.612…a result which left Wei-Yong and Mina totally grossed out. Haley watched Coach Duane Marvin talking to a visibly-upset competitor, Gloria Javier—who was rubbing her elbow. \"Suck it up,\" Coach Marvin urged. \"Just go out there and do your routine.\" \"Why can't Julie go?\" Gloria asked. Coach Marvin was irritated. \"Because I said so, because Julie doesn't have your start value, and because I said so. You want more tape?\" Haley looked on with mild concern for Gloria, who seemed impossibly small and scared as the judges green-flagged her. Gloria stepped up to the bars and touched the low bar. Then she saluted, stepped down and marched off. Coach Marvin was stunned. \"You don't scratch unless I tell you to scratch!\" he yelled. \"I can't even look at you.\" Gloria's score flashed a 0.00. \"That's too high!\" Coach Marvin screamed at the judges. Gloria sat down and put her head on her knees, refusing comfort as Haley approached her. On the sidelines, Poot and Frank mugged it up for Haley—who, along with her teammates, was staying warm and retouching makeup. \"You're about to go down in history,\" Haley told Mina, \"as the first gymnast ever to stick a layout-layout full on the balance beam.\" Mina and Wei-Yong said nothing but just went about their business. \"What's wrong?\" Haley asked. \"Don't bum on the falls. At least you made them look.\" \"I see how it is,\" Mina scoffed. \"You tell us to take a risk, but then you play it safe and get a huge score? That's very convenient.\" Haley wanted to argue, but couldn't. Mina had hit the nail on the head: Haley was selling out. \"You want to win the purse,\" Wei-Yong chimed in. \"We get it, so drop the act.\" \"Wait,\" Haley began. \"There's a lot more to it than that, you guys! Don't you at least wanna—!?\" Alas, Wei-Yong and Mina were corralled out to the beam before Haley could explain herself. \"Haley!\" It was Alice, waving furiously from the corridor. \"Over here, honey!\" Haley made her way over to Alice, who over-eagerly hugged her. \"Oh, sweetheart, I miss you!\" Haley smiled uncomfortably. \"Hi, Mom,\" she said. \"How's everything going?\" \"You're doing a great job,\" Alice went on. \"Nice sets so far…\" She motioned up to the stands. \"…I'm here with Chris. We want a word with you.\" Chris waved from where he sat. \"What do you want a word with me about?\" Haley asked. \"We want you to come back and train with him,\" Alice explained. \"It doesn't look good to have you training with somebody else. We need a united front.\" A stunned Haley looked at her mother. \"First of all, I'm done fronting for you—or anybody else. Second of all, if what Christine goes through with him is any indication…\" Alice shifted into stage mother-mode. \"You should be thanking Heaven that Judge Westreich let you have another shot like this one. You should be grateful that you're being given a second chance, after all but throwing your career away. Remember the years I slaved, chauffeuring you to and from training?\" Haley shook her head. \"We both know you got much more out of it than a long drive.\" Alice was disgusted. \"We were this close to the Olympics.\" \"What's this we stuff? What event were you competing on, box-springs? Mom, only six girls make it to the Olympics. No way was I going to be among them. Ask anyone.\" \"No respect for your talent…for Chris, me, or anything else—including yourself.\" Alice took a deep breath. \"I suppose Burt Vickerman respects you.\" \"Yeah, actually,\" Haley nodded. \"In his own way, he does.\" \"The only thing Vickerman respects is money. The only thing he cares about is cashing in. If your father hadn't paid him off, you'd be at Texas Military Academy right now.\" Haley was hit hard. This did not compute. Danger, Will Robinson, her mind screamed. \"What do you mean, paid him off?\" she asked her mother. \"Everybody there pays—don't they?\" Alice spelled it out for her. \"Your dad called practically every Elite gym in the country. None of them wanted you. He's paying Vickerman four times what every other girl's parents are paying there.\" Blinking, Haley gripped a railing. Her eyes widened as she took it all in. She was too stunned to swallow. Everything hurt like hell. \"Did you think Vickerman was on your side?\" Alice laughed without amusement. \"He's a coach, Haley. The only side he's ever been on is his own.\" \"Haley, come on!\" Irritated, Big Vic yelled from the podium. \"Come warm up!\" Haley was floored, her faith in Big Vic and his kindness shaken. \"Haley!\" Big Vic waved urgently, pointing to his wrist. \"Let's go warm up for beam. YINS!\" Furious, stung by Big Vic's betrayal, Haley fought tears. \"You're doing well, honey,\" the clueless Alice urged. \"Keep it up!\" Swallowing her horror, Haley ran up onto the balance beam. She flung herself into warm-ups with her VGA club-mates. Poot and Frank cheered, giving Haley a metal salute, which she returned. Then Haley proceeded to throw her hardest tricks. Big Vic clocked the recklessness. \"What's wrong?\" \"Everything,\" Haley answered. A judge fingered a switch, and a green flag rose. Haley saluted fiercely and the head beam-judge saluted back, while Poot and Frank gave heavy-metal salutes. Haley's approach to the beam was intense. She could hear her own breathing and heartbeat, the sounds of her own body on the equipment. Once again, she had become the athlete who'd made the World Team. Haley charged into her mount with a rock-solid landing. The crowd's cheering sounded dull through Haley's own ears. She pressed into a handstand. Then she raised one arm in a perfect single arm-stand, looking like a star. Blood rushed into her ears, increasing Haley's heartbeat. Her fingers gripped the beam as she raised one hand. She was crying. Then her tears dropped, hitting the top of the beam. Haley pressed into a straddle-V, holding it despite the tears, and despite the mascara streaking her face. Then Haley's composure was gone. She punch-fronted with both feet, into the air…falling badly. Big Vic waved, telling Haley to calm down. Mina and Wei-Yong watched, shocked, from the sidelines. Even Joanne was stunned. The ticked-off Alice swore like a sailor. Poot and Frank winced, while yelling encouragement. Haley wiped her eyes and got up, then dismounted a simple back-tuck and sat on the landing. The crowd groaned. For a few seconds, Haley just sat there in an altered state. Then she got back up, tears streaming down her face. She saluted the judges, who tallied her rampant deductions. Haley calmly descended the podium and grabbed her bag. She scanned the stands, found Poot and Frank, gave them a heavy-metal salute and indicated the exit. They could tell that she needed them. Big Vic followed Haley from the arena toward the exit-tunnel. Tears of humiliation and betrayal were streaming down her cheeks. \"Haley, don't do this again!\" Big Vic called, while chasing her into the long tunnel. \"Stay.\" \"Let me guess.\" Haley whirled back to face him. \"Is this you fighting for me to be here?\" \"Let's go back in there and finish this meet.\" \" Don't I sound like I really care, Haley?\" Haley mimicked him ferociously. \"Because I really care; he lied.\" \"Haley, stop already. Don't bail again. Finish the meet. And this time, do it for yourself.\" \"Yeah, you did say something about this being for me. You said this was about my freedom, about helping me. But you forgot to tell me the part about you cashing in on it, on me. Is that what you've been fighting for—how much I'd get you paid?\" Big Vic knew exactly what she was talking about. \"There's a catchy headline,\" Haley went on. \" Brilliant coach reforms troubled teen, and thereby saves his ailing reputation. \" The tunnel's exit light was broken. \"I meant everything I said, Haley. I never lied to you.\" \"Of course you didn't. You just read me that insurance policy which was getting you those fat checks from my father. You gave me your word, all right, but you didn't mention that your word was bought and paid for.\" \"I didn't have to tell you that part, Haley. I said that stuff because it made sense.\" \"You mean, as in dollars and cents?\" Big Vic stepped in front of her. \"You're not leaving like this, not twice. Let's finish the meet together, and then deal with this like adults.\" \"Make up your mind, already! Am I an adult or a kid? There, right there, is my lot in life: you expect girls like me to deal with everything the way adults do; then, you not only deny us the privileges which adults have, you never give us a chance to be kids! Don't adults screw up, too? And when they do, who's there to tell them, That's all right; it happens ? The worst part is that these people, who themselves think nothing of screwing up right and left, expect us to be perfect because they aren't!\" \"We don't get to pick up when we grow up, Haley,\" Big Vic explained. \"It's called life; look into it.\" His tone became sympathetic. \"You got dealt a lame hand; anyone who tells you differently is full of dung. But this is up to you. Are you really gonna run away, again? Or are you gonna come back inside and play your hand, just to see if things work out differently this time?\" Haley turned away. \"You never owed anything to me. I never expected you to be a decent coach, just a decent human being.\" Big Vic watched her run toward the exit. Then he turned and headed back into the bright, fake lights. ! #$%^&* Frank drove his truck over to meet Haley, as she emerged from the exit-tunnel. Poot rode shotgun. \"You tanked like a rock star!\" Frank said. \"That was insane.\" Haley climbed in, sitting between Poot and Frank. She was crying hard. Not knowing what else to say, Poot asked, \"Can you tell me something, seriously?\" Haley nodded. \"Why do the girls wear so much glitter and clips in their hair?\" Poot went on. \"That's some uptight frigging hair.\" Haley laughed in spite of herself. \"And, how do those leotards not ride up their butts to here?\" Frank chimed in. \"Tuff-Skin,\" Haley answered. \"They have ass-calluses?\" Frank asked. \"Most girls I know would get things like that removed.\" \"We do,\" Haley explained. \"Tuff-Skin is sticky stuff you spray on your tush so the leotard won't move.\" \"Didn't they used to pour water down their backs for that?\" Poot wondered aloud. \"Yeah—before they started making sweat-absorbent leos,\" Haley laughed. \"Those dry too fast.\" Then she started crying even harder than before. \"People are just stupid, Haley,\" Frank said. \"And fake, too. You're not either.\" Poot leaned in, his tone conspiratorial. \"Those girls terrify me! They're like glitter-dipped, smiley robots.\" Haley nodded, still crying. \"Yeah, they poop glitter and their farts shimmer.\" She curled up, put her head on Poot's shoulder, and closed her eyes. \"Sparkly farts?\" Frank was intrigued. \"I take back what I said; I love glitter.\" Then he changed the subject. \"Poot, if you huffed on Tuff-Skin, would it stick your nostrils together?\" Poot shook his head. \"Not unless you shoved it up you-know-where.\" \"Why would your nostrils stick together from putting something up there? \" Frank wondered. \"I'm talking about people whose heads are already there,\" Poot explained. \"I hear you,\" Haley agreed. \"My head's way up there, too.\" They all faced forward in silence, knowing it wasn't far from the truth. ! #$%^&* A cop car sat outside Poot's Plano residence. Haley and Poot jumped out of Frank's truck, from which they then produced her bike. \"You gonna be okay, Hale?\" Frank asked. \"Of course not,\" Haley laughed. \"That's my girl.\" Frank smiled as Haley and Poot entered the latter's house. Officer Ferguson was sitting on the couch, waiting. \"Hello, Haley. Hey, son.\" Poot nodded. \"What's up, Mom?\" Officer Ferguson beckoned Haley and gave her a hug. \"It's going to be all right.\" \"Mom,\" Poot said. \"Not lame or anything.\" \"Oh, lay off.\" Officer Ferguson squeezed Haley. \"If you need a place to stay, Hale, we'll talk to the judge about you crashing here. Now sleep well.\" Haley's expression was that of a drowning swimmer who'd just been given her own yacht. ! #$%^&* The next day, Haley was led to Judge Westreich's chambers. She stood before the Judge's desk. \"Have a seat,\" Westreich said. Haley, sad but serene, did so. \"I want you to read this.\" The Judge produced a piece of paper from a file with one hand, while adjusting her glasses with the other. \"Read it out loud, if you please, starting with the second paragraph.\" She handed the paper to Haley, who read: \"Haley Graham is one of the most inspiring gymnasts I've ever worked with, besides being one of the most talented. While more than welcome to return, she's also capable of deciding what's best for herself. I'd encourage the court to include her perspective in its decision. Sincerely, Burt Vickerman.\" Haley looked up at Judge Westreich. \"I'm still just a kid.\" \"And a good one, apparently, despite your best attempts to prove otherwise.\" The Judge winked at her. Haley was stunned and moved in equal measure. Somebody, finally, got her. \"Officer Ferguson called and let me know they'd love to have you,\" Westreich continued. \"Mr. Vickerman wouldn't mind seeing you again, either.\" \"I'm not sure what I want,\" Haley replied, \"Or what I don't want.\" \"There are quite a few colleges that would be willing to help you find out, free of charge,\" Judge Westreich said, \"In exchange for a flip or two.\" Haley nodded, staring at the Judge. \"That's it,\" Westreich told her. \"You're free.\" \"How?\" Haley wondered aloud. \"I'm still under eighteen—and what about the restitution you mentioned?\" \"It's been taken care of,\" the Judge answered with a shrug. \"Be good; it sounds like you might be built for it.\" Haley walked out of the Judge's Chambers, relieved. As she stared at the fax Westreich had given her, the Judge suddenly reappeared. \"You know, lots of great people have had jerks for parents—including myself.\" She winked at Haley. \"So we've got to stick together, capisce? \" Haley just smiled gratefully. ! #$%^&* The chimes rang. Brice Graham Junior opened his front door. Haley was standing behind it. She took a deep breath. \"I wanted you to know that you're allowed, perhaps obligated, to be mad at me for all the stuff I did—crashing through the window, the stunts I pulled, the times we fought, or whatever else. You can even hate me for that.\" Little Brice was stunned. Haley went on, \"And if you do hate me for all that stuff, then I apologize for it. But you shouldn't hate me or be mad about stuff I didn't do, or even know about, because that's not fair at all. I had no idea what Mom was doing to you.\" Her father nodded gratefully. \"I just wanted to get that out of my system.\" With that, Haley walked away…no hug, no tears. She left her father standing there in the doorway. Little Brice gave a look which said, in his own shut-down way, that he appreciated all this. He called after his daughter. \"Haley…? I'm sorry you didn't come with a manual.\" With a sad smile, he continued. \"Don't be a stranger, huh?\" Then, watching her, he shut the door. Haley opened the door of Frank's truck and climbed inside. He and Poot were looking sheepish. She smelled something. \"Ohmigod, that's inhuman.\" Both guys burst out laughing as she rolled down the window. \"What did he say?\" Poot asked her. \"Not much,\" she answered. \"Your dad's a jerk,\" Poot said. Haley shook her head in disagreement. \"He just hurts.\" \"Then what's your mom's excuse?\" Poot wondered. \"She hurts, too,\" Haley presumed. Frank looked very sad. \"What about me? I hurt.\" With that, an SBDF sent Poot and Haley's heads out their respective windows, like dogs for air. Frank looked pleased with himself. \"Yo!\" Haley yelled. \"Not nasty, or anything!\" \"Rude, dude!\" Poot hollered. Frank's truck took off, out of the suburban development. Haley's hair flew in the wind. ! #$%^&* The VGA dorm had its own movie theater, in a sense. Said theater was usually kept locked, and wasn't much bigger than one of the bedrooms. It was, however, the dorm's only room in which Big Vic allowed a television set…a 36-inch plasma-screen, to be exact. Currently, the LCD showed ESPN Presents: The Friendship Cup. An unseen announcer V.O.'d baby footage of Haley competing. \"World Championships. Two years ago. Team USA just one rotation away from certain victory. Enter Haley Graham.\" The program cut to footage of Haley screaming at Coach Chris DeFrank. Her screams turned to sobs. She grabbed her bag and ran out. The announcer went on. \"With an unscheduled exit leading to her automatic disqualification, few can forget the image of teammate Tricia Skilken—weeping as her dreams of gold melted away.\" Onscreen, Haley was replaced by footage of a distraught Tricia Skilken…throwing her grips and crying at Worlds, being consoled by her stunned teammates. The announcer concluded, \"At 23, now a senior citizen by the standards of her sport, Tricia makes one more attempt to win that elusive World Championship hardware.\" Mina, Wei-Yong, Lacey, and Joanne were all glued to the plasma-set. None of them noticed Haley behind them, eavesdropping and then stealing off. ! #$%^&* Haley walked into VGA's Elite Gym. Big Vic was working with Devon, closely, on trampoline. \"…Tighter on the second twist, Dev; you're opening up too soon. That's it, snap and glue your arms—Nice.\" Devon threw beautiful twists as Haley approached. Big Vic looked up. After a long beat of unspoken understanding, Haley observed, \"You got through an entire sentence without using the word gold. \" \"It was tough,\" Big Vic admitted. \"And the restitution,\" Haley went on. \"Was that—\" Big Vic was not known for his sentimentality. \"Look, I'm sorry you had to learn about the deal the way you did. I figured, if you were gonna live up to your rep as a loose cannon, cash would cover the damages. It was low of me.\" \"Was that an apology I just heard?\" Haley asked. \"Not unlike you or anything.\" \"Your spot's more than covered, if you still want to train here.\" Big Vic smiled. \"Seriously?\" \"That, and maybe work summer camps. I figure, for an assistant coach, we could do a lot worse than you. Also, I wouldn't hate it if you came to Nationals with us.\" \"What, so you can go to Worlds?\" \"No, so we can go to Worlds.\" Haley laughed. \"You're high on chalk.\" Big Vic nodded. \"That's not all I'm high on.\" The other Elites, who had entered the gym for their workouts, rushed up and hugged Haley. \"If I stay,\" Haley spoke up at last, \"will you do one thing for me?\" \"Oh, goody; I can't wait to hear this,\" Big Vic said. \"Does it involve you and…self-imposed silence?\" \"Actually,\" Haley replied, \"it involves you, and…getting back up on the tramp.\" \"That's not gonna happen.\" Big Vic shook his head. Haley turned to the others. \"Don't you guys wanna see Big Vic do a layout?\" She shot him a daring look. \"Or, let me guess: Those who can't do, coach; while those who can't coach—\" Big Vic, along with everybody else, looked at Haley like she was crazy. \"He's, like, not way too old or anything!\" Mina objected. \"Not that he'll break a hip or two!\" Wei-Yong chimed in. \"I'll stay for Nationals, if you get up there and give us a layout worth imitating,\" Haley challenged Big Vic. \"It's your call.\" He considered this while Haley waved the girls over. They all chanted, \"Big Vic, Big Vic, Big Vic, Big Vic…!\" For the first time in decades, Burt Vickerman Senior climbed onto the trampoline and got his bearings. After a beat, he proceeded jumping—gaining confidence with every rise and fall, while the girls laughingly cheered him on. \"Lay it out! Lay it out! Lay it out! Lay it out…!\" They chanted. Haley charged over to a nearby boombox and threw on a fresh CD. It was the soundtrack from Chariots of Fire. Big Vic joyfully moved through the air, higher and higher. He was liberated, remembering why he loved this sport. Then he did, as Haley said, a layout worth imitating. The girls were giddy with their coach's uncharacteristic act. \"How about a full?\" He asked them. The young ladies' glee quickly turned to concern—even Haley's. Big Vic set himself up for a full-twisting layout. Then he flew beautifully, gracefully, into the air. Seconds later, there was a disturbing crunch. The girls covered their mouths in horror tempered with secret delight. Big Vic popped his head up from an adjacent foam pit. \"Call 911,\" he said. Mina ran toward the nearest phone, while her fellow Elites helped their coach up. ! #$%^&* Outside the VGA Elite gym, ambulance lights dotted the horizon while the girls regrouped. \"Haley, I'm sorry I yelled at you,\" Mina said. \"We didn't know your life sucked so hard!\" \"No worries,\" Haley replied. \"I want you to meet the anti-suck.\" She indicated Poot and Frank, as both strolled in. \"Ladies,\" Poot said, then introduced Frank and himself. \"We'll be your hosts for the evening.\" The girls all perked up, getting excited—and, at the same time, self-conscious—by the intrusion of Poot and Frank…who relished the looks of slack-jawed amazement they were getting from these young ladies. \"We're going out!\" Frank announced. Then he and Poot raced out, leaving Devon and Lacey standing there. \"Come on,\" Frank urged the two girls, who stared at him wide-eyed. They both shook their heads no way. \"Can't you speak?\" Frank asked both girls, who shook their heads again. \"Can you do anything besides gymnastics?\" Lacey and Devon shared a long look with each other. Then both turned back to Frank, and shook their heads more emphatically. ! #$%^&* Later, at the local mall, Haley and all three of her fellow gymnasts—Joanne, Wei-Yong, and Mina—hit the food court. There they pigged out on ice cream and other stuff from Big Vic's \"Junk List.\" For the girls, it was heaven. In the mall's arcade, Poot and Frank locked horns playing Dance Revolution. Joanne mooned nearby, delicately eating steak fries covered with drippings from her triple cheeseburger. Poot playfully grabbed one of Joanne's fries and downed it, much to her amusement. Then Haley traded places with Poot, jumping on the game. \"Loser gets a makeover,\" Frank told her. \"Deal,\" Haley replied, as they both wailed on the game. An hour later, Frank was sitting on a chair beside the department store's makeup counter. He had a ton of hair clips in his mane, and was covered in facial glitter. \"Two of everything, please,\" he told the makeup lady, and then rose to his feet. \"I'm just kidding… Four of everything.\" Nearby, Joanne grabbed a prom dress and rushed to the fitting room…as did Haley, Wei-Yong, and Mina. They did cartwheels and tumbled while modeling their big, poofy dresses. Minutes later, the girls bought their prom dresses while apologizing to the apathetic sales associate. \"Why?\" he replied in a monotone. \"That was hilarious.\" \"Why are you buying a dress?\" Poot asked Joanne. She smiled. \"You're taking me to your prom, aren't you?\" \"Then you should get a tux,\" Poot joked. \"I read somewhere that the King look was in; remember Art Of Fighting ?\" ! #$%^&* That night, on the highway, Frank's arm thrust Joanne's new prom dress out the window of his truck. Joanne screamed as Frank quickly pulled the dress back inside. It was like being a kid again, only better. Later that night, in the VGA dorm, Haley slept on the couch. Poot and Frank shared the floor, both snoring. ! #$%^&* The next day, in VGA's gym, the Elites did their training rituals. Big Vic was focused on Wei-Yong and Mina, even as he fidgeted with his sling. Poot and Frank hid in a foam pit; every time Big Vic turned around, they both disappeared. \"I shouldn't have to remind you that only the top three at Nationals earn automatic spots for Worlds,\" Big Vic proclaimed. \"Read. My. Mind…Ladies.\" The girls struggled to look serious. Joanne was in la-la land. \"Where's Joanne?\" Big Vic demanded. \"Get over here.\" She lazily shuffled over, giggling at Poot. Still hidden in the foam pit, he was making comedic faces behind Big Vic. \"Don't get cocky on me, Joanne,\" Big Vic said. \"You're still far from a spot in the top twenty, let alone the top three.\" \"I know,\" Joanne replied. \"I'll pull it off, so rest assured.\" Another Elite flipped into the foam pit, landing on Poot and Frank. \"Ow!\" Poot complained. \"That was rad,\" Frank chimed in. ! #$%^&* Later, Poot and Frank waved goodbye to the girls—from the VGA viewing deck. Outside, in the VGA parking lot, Joanne rushed Haley…who was escorting Poot and Frank to their truck. \"Poot!\" Joanne called. \"We have a lot to review!\" \"We do?\" he asked. Haley rolled her eyes. \"Bye, guys. I'm out.\" With that, she bailed—leaving behind Poot and an impatient Frank. \"When is your prom?\" Joanne asked. \"You better get me a corsage.\" Frank turned to Poot. \"Are you kidding me? She's a witch.\" Joanne was stunned. \"What?\" \"You heard me, bossy booty,\" Frank said. \"I don't like how you act.\" \"Dude!\" Poot said, and then turned to Joanne. \"What Frank means to say is, it would be my honor. \" \"You think I'm a witch?\" Joanne was blinking rapidly. \"Yeah…Yes, I do,\" Poot said. \"But I don't have the problem with it that Frank does. He's gay.\" Joanne headed back in. \"Call me?\" \"I'll do you one better,\" Poot answered. \"I'll stalk you.\" He turned to his friend, and then pretended not to recognize him. \"By the way—Frank, isn't it?—what's a corsage?\" \"It's the universal sign for whipped,\" Frank explained. ! #$%^&* Moments later, on the viewing deck, Joanne waltzed in happily. Haley and Big Vic were already there; she was grabbing some water, while he signed for a delivery. \"I'm going to the prom,\" Joanne smiled. Her mother's face was a mask of sadistic glee. \"Honey,\" Phyllis Charis informed her daughter, \"we moved from Wichita so you could go to the Olympics, not to some prom.\" Haley looked repulsed. \"Mrs. Charis—\" Big Vic began. \"Not yet.\" She waved a finger in his face, and then turned back to Joanne. \"You are a 24-your gymnast. Not part-time, full- time. That's our agreement; if you know what's good for you, you'll honor it.\" \"I made no such agreement,\" Joanne spoke up. \"You made it for me. Just because you got dropped from your own gymnastic team doesn't mean—\" \" Point being, \" Phyllis cut her off fiercely. \"You are not going to any prom. End of discussion. \" Joanne was visibly upset. Big Vic was seething. \"Joanne's a lovely girl and a brilliant gymnast, but we should get real about her chances of making the Olympic team.\" \"The only reason we're here is because we agreed she'd go to the Olympics.\" Haley looked eager to see Big Vic's reaction. He gazed back at Haley, while Joanne gazed at him. Other parents, in the background, waited to hear what Big Vic would say. Phyllis looked annoyed. Big Vic took a deep breath. It was time to come clean. \"I lied,\" he informed Phyllis, and then surveyed the room. From the looks on the other parents' faces, Vic could tell he was going to lose some business. \"Look,\" he went on, \"Everyone wants to hear that their kids are special. And they are…Maybe special enough to make the Olympics.\" \"We don't pay for maybe, \" Phyllis snarled. \"If Joanne's nothing but a maybe, then—\" \"You're right,\" Big Vic cut in. \"She's probably a no-go. So if you want Joanne on an Olympic team, move to Finland.\" Phyllis Charis erupted like Krakatoa. It was a ten-point-zero explosion. \"Oh, we'll take her somewhere else all right.\" \"Have a ball,\" Big Vic sneered. \"Nationals are a minute away, literally!\" Joanne protested. \"Where would we go?\" \"I'll train you myself,\" Phyllis shot back. \"I thought you wanted her to win,\" Haley snorted. \"That's like hiring a guidance counselor who dropped out of middle school.\" Joanne looked horrified. Phyllis, forcing herself to remain calm, collected her bag. Then she gave her daughter a stern we're leaving look. \"Joanne,\" Big Vic said, \"You're more than welcome to stay.\" Joanne walked over to stand between Haley and Big Vic. Phyllis left, furious. ! #$%^&* In the Elite gym, Mina and Wei-Yong were goofing around on the vault runway…by tumbling passes side-by-side on the floorex. Joanne joined them, looking ticked. \"Why are you doing that?\" \"Because it's fun,\" Mina replied. \"Let's do round-off, whip-back, handspring into a double-pi.\" Joanne watched the duo tumble in sync. \"Your toes weren't pointed,\" she informed Mina. \"Don't hate on my fuel-injection,\" Mina responded. \"You don't go to the Olympics for Sports Acro,\" Joanne pointed out. \"Nobody goes to the Olympics for rude, either,\" Mina answered. \"That's not stopping you.\" \"Apparently, I'm not going to the Olympics at all,\" Joanne said. Haley joined them. \"If you're bummed at Big Vic, or at me, that's fine. But don't take it out on Mina.\" \"This isn't about what Big Vic said! He's right.\" Joanne was still reeling. \"Your friend Frank called me a witch.\" \"Joanne,\" Haley said, \"If you don't want people to think you're a witch, then don't be one. It's pretty straightforward.\" Joanne freaked out. \"I just wanna go to the prom! They don't give out tiaras at Nationals!\" Haley put a hand on her friend's shoulder. \"Joanne. If you acted normal around Poot, he'd take you to the prom. Actually, he'll probably take you regardless of how you act.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Joanne wondered aloud. \"Life's not a routine,\" Haley explained. \"You don't have to do it perfectly for some audience.\" Joanne rolled her eyes at Haley. \"It is for me,\" she said, aghast and serious in equal measure. Dorrie entered with a big box. \"New leos and sweats are here,\" she cut in. \"Haley, what floor music are you using? Something pretty, I hope.\" \"I thought I'd perform to silence,\" Haley answered. \"It'd be way pretty.\" \"Music, Haley,\" Dorrie replied. \"Need to know.\" \"I know,\" Haley said. \"Don't worry about it.\" She looked at Big Vic, who wasn't listening. He was watching Mina and Wei-Yong, who were rocking their tricks. \"I haven't had four girls qualify for Nationals in a long time,\" he told himself aloud. \"How long a time are we talking?\" Haley asked. \"Like, since the Vietnam War ended?\" She noticed his proud expression. \"Are you gonna cry on us?\" Big Vic shook his head. \"It's just a nice thing, Hay, that's all.\" \"Just let it out, if you need to. I won't tell,\" Haley went on. \"Who'd believe me anyhow?\" \"I need her music!\" Dorrie cut in. \"We're good, Dorrie.\" Big Vic was greatly pleased. \"Rest assured; we're better than good.\" Haley smiled at Big Vic, who returned the smile while nodding contentedly. ! #$%^&* It was Day One of the Nationals. Amid the podiums assembled in the Anaheim Convention Center, equipment was loaded into place. Signage was lowered from the scaffolding: U.S. NATIONAL GYMNASTICS CHAMPIONSHIPS. The various competitors underwent their podium workouts, taking the opportunity to warm up without an audience. Judges, spectators, and media filed in. They took their places, while coaches stretched their athletes. At the arena floor entrance, twenty-eight gymnasts in club sweat-suits waited to march into competition. Haley was among them. As the gymnasts filed into the brightly-lit arena, Haley's mind wandered. She asked herself what sort of world it would be if the competitors wore their feelings and thoughts on their jackets, rather than their clubs' names. Then, looking again at the jackets of those marching before her, she indeed saw thoughts and feelings printed there: \"HUNGRY…I SUCK EGGS ON BARS…I HATE MY COACH…I MISS MY FAMILY…\" Such was what Haley really would have loved to see. Who cared what club you trained at, as opposed to what you were all about? The latter actually meant something. Passing a large mirror, she looked at the back of own jacket. For one fleeting moment it read \"CONFLICTED\". Haley wasn't surprised, having figured her jacket would have a lot to say. Sure enough, more words appeared: \"REBELLIOUS…NERVOUS…HOMESICK…SKEPTICAL…IRRITATED…EXCITED…\" Then she blinked, and the VGA logo was there again. Haley turned around, smiling to herself about being there. Then her smile twisted into an oh-please-not-this look. Tricia Skilken, a 22-year-old gymnastic legend, walked towards Haley and then sliced past her like a razor. As Tricia blew past her, Haley stared at the back of Tricia's jacket. She visualized a sentence there: \"HALEY GRAHAM SCREWED ME OVER WORLDS, AND ALL I GOT WAS THIS CRAPPY JACKET\". Then Haley blinked again, and Tricia's jacket returned to normal. Big Vic clocked the exchange. He checked Haley's brow for a fever, then gave her a reassuring nod. Across the arena, at the press desks, Bart Connor made the call for ESPN. \"Tonight: the All-Around. Tomorrow night: Event Finals. The favorite has got to be Tricia Skilken, hoping to make her fifth World Team at these Championships.\" In the vault waiting area, Tricia was intentionally psyching Haley out. As Tricia crossed her arms, Haley took a deep breath. \"Look, Tricia,\" she said, \"I didn't set out to wreck your Worlds—I'm doing my best here…My family was—well, disintegrating…I want you to know I feel really bad about the way it affected you. I sent you a note, explaining it all—I know this sounds lame—I don't know whether you got it, or…\" Tricia stared at her with hatred and walked away. Flustered, Haley plopped onto the floor. She nervously taped her ankles, while looking at something between her feet. It was her Gameboy. As she pressed its buttons with her big toes, its screen morphed into an image of herself saluting for her bar routine. ! #$%^&* When Haley got nervous, as a ritual, she looked at the judges…and pictured them, in their ugly blazers, just trying to do what she and her fellow gymnasts did. A middle-aged female judge saluted on the floor exercise and began a routine. She was really going for it…and then her pants ripped. She stopped, horrified—and tiptoed off, covering her rear end. On bars, a second judge slapped on some chalk…covering her blue blazer in white dust. An older judge helped her prep the uneven parallels, spraying the bars with water. The second judge saluted, then did a running springboard-mount onto the uneven bars. She caught her shoe-clad feet on the bottom bar…and executed a colossal face-plant into the mat. Several leotard-clad gymnasts calculated and wrote down both judges' scores: \"AS IF…HA, NO WAY…YEAH, RIGHT…U-MUST B-KIDDING.\" A male judge was crying—while hanging under the balance beam, which he was clutching for dear life. Then he fell with a thud and a groan. On vault, a really old judge charged down the runway, did a nice round-off entry…then flew over the vault and into the bleachers. Like, ouch, okay? Haley had once pictured those same judges naked, but that was just too gross. ! #$%^&* During the mid-competition Vault rotation, Big Vic irately protested Mina's score before the panel of judges. \"Where's this deduction coming from?\" he demanded. The head Vault judge explained, \"Her bra strap popped out. It's an automatic deduction if an undergarment is showing.\" \"If you were twisting through the air at flank speed, wouldn't your bra pop out too?\" Big Vic threw up his hands. \"That rule is ancient!\" \"So is her bra,\" the judge deadpanned. \"Let me guess—Sears.\" Haley overheard this exchange while prepping for Vault. Big Vic turned back to Mina. \"Your bra was sticking out.\" Spinning on his heel, he called out to everybody—and, at the same time, to nobody—\"She lost one tenth of a point because her bra was showing!\" Mina looked down with equal disbelief. \"I don't even have boobs!\" \"I've never even heard of that one!\" Haley shook her head, enraged. Every competitor within earshot frantically checked her bra straps, while Big Vic adjusted Haley's beat-board. She went up to the vault runway, furious. Getting the green light, she saluted—before unzipping her leotard and pulling it off. Stripped down to just her bra and trunks, Haley beamed while posing like a model on the runway. The crowd was on its feet. Shocked gasps were suddenly drowned out by wolf-whistles, cat-calls, and raucous applause. Big Vic, also enjoying Haley's spunk, nodded approvingly. The judges marked all of this down while staring at Haley, who proudly indicated her color-coordinated undergarments. \"This is part of my routine,\" she explained, as stenography for said deduction got marked on each of her four scorecards. \"Oh, rest assured…I No-No'd my crotch yesterday, so at least we won't see any VPH…You know, Visible —\" The Head Judge's hand shot up, unceremoniously cutting her off. \"We know what it stands for, thank you very much.\" The other judges winced, making no effort to conceal their sweet merciful God expressions…while Big Vic stifled a laugh by jamming his fist into his mouth. Haley did her vault perfectly, stuck the landing. She raised both arms in triumph—and then smilingly did a heavy metal salute, much to the delight of the younger audience members. Big Vic met Haley as she exited. \"Nice vault. Next time, why not pull a Gene Simmons to boot?\" He demonstrated by sticking out his tongue. \"Sounds like a plan,\" Haley replied, \"especially if you consider coaching.\" The next competitor headed up to vault. With a smile of solidarity, shoe removed her leotard and held it up for the audience. \"We're saving these for the pool party afterwards,\" she explained, winking at Haley. \"Who's gonna be there?\" The crowd went bonkers. The judges rolled their eyes in exasperation. ! #$%^&* In the waiting area for the Uneven Parallel Bars, grip bags littered the podium. The innards of each competitor's grip ritual was broken down to its various, peculiar parts. The routines began. It was a symphony of chalk and air. Competitors' reactions to their scores ran the gamut from happy to crying, from hurt to ecstatic…to shocked, in Wei-Yong's case. Haley threw her grips at the sight of Wei-Yong's score: 9.375. Boos echoed throughout the arena. Big Vic, livid, stomped over to the judges' table. \"What do you think you're doing?\" he raged at the head Unevens judge. \"Her routine had a start value of at least ten! So where'd you find those deductions, on the floor?\" \"We've decided the release is a D-value, not an E,\" the head judge explained. \"Her start value was 9.8, not a 10.\" \"In your Code of Points,\" Big Vic sneered, \"it's already an E-value.\" \"It is indeed,\" the head judge replied, \"but only in the Men's Code of Points.\" Big Vic continued his protest. \"From a woman, the strength required for that move should increase its difficulty. Not decrease it.\" \"That's just it,\" the head judge answered. \"Why do you think they call this women's gymnastics?\" \"Where I come from,\" Big Vic snorted, \"they call it a power trip. \" The head judge shrugged. \"This is what happens when you assume too much. As the old saying goes, we're not officials because we're correct. We're correct because we're officials. Now, if that doesn't make sense to you, just say so—and I'll have Security escort you from the arena.\" Dorrie pulled Big Vic away. Commentator Tim Daggett was having a field day. \"Due to a controversial devaluing, Wei-Yong SooHoo—one of America's brightest newcomers—may not see international competition for another year.\" Haley struggled to console Wei-Yong. \"…If you don't go to Worlds this year, there's always next year.\" \"At least I'm locked into event finals,\" Wei-Yong shrugged. \"Getting a medal on bars tomorrow might make up for this.\" Haley nodded. \"Mina qualified on vault and floor,\" Wei-Yong went on. \"Joanne did the same on beam and vault.\" \"Wow, that's great,\" Haley said. \"So, did you hear?\" \"Hear what?\" \"That you qualified for event finals yourself,\" Wei-Yong explained, \"on everything. \" ! #$%^&* As the girls marched out of the arena, Tim Daggett interviewed Big Vic. Behind Daggett, a line of media reps waited for quotes and interviews. ! #$%^&* The All-Around had been decided. That night oversaw the National Championship Elite Banquet. It featured officials, coaches, and parents getting drunk. A few girls had yet to compete, but that would wait for tomorrow. Haley was fuming, but mostly over it. Big Vic was getting props from fellow coaches, while staring down judges and officials. \"May I borrow your axe?\" he asked. \"Today's events have dulled mine to a nub.\" Haley was distracted by the sight of Dorrie and Ivan, dancing drunkenly nearby. \"It's like today never happened,\" Haley complained. \"Like crap and vomit got married. I can't take it!\" \"Then you should rumble,\" Big Vic advised, which gave Haley an idea. She spun on her heel and bolted off toward the hotel's glamorous outdoor swimming area—ignoring Big Vic's call of \"…I was kidding!\" Joanne, Wei-Yong, Mina, and fifteen other gymnasts—all stripped down to their long-sleeved competition leotards—were frolicking in what resembled a combined tropical lagoon and subterranean grotto…with several young male fans who'd seen fit to join them. Haley emerged from the locker room wearing her own comp leo. She strode past a large sign which read: CHILDREN UNDER AGE 5 POSITIVELY NOT PERMITTED WITHIN 30 FEET OF POOL / VIOLATION WILL RESULT IN IMMEDIATE EJECTION & SUBSEQUENT PROSECUTION. Haley hopped into the big pool, swam over to Wei-Yong, and tapped her shoulder. \"You feel like some nice juicy hot-tub gossip?\" she whispered in Wei-Yong's ear. Wei-Yong smiled, and then joined Haley in passing along the invitation. The hotel's upper Jacuzzi seemed like a miniature volcano. It was connected to the big pool by a combination spill-off ramp and water-slide. Flanking the Jacuzzi on one side were two showers, resembling a waterfall and a hot spring. The large hot-tub was flanked on the other side by a bubbling mud-spa. Nineteen beautiful young ladies huddled together in the swirling water, which was illuminated by deep red light from beneath its surface. Some of the gymnasts sat on the laps of boyfriends they'd made that evening. Haley squatted on the Jacuzzi steps like a Fu Dog, overlooking the others. \"Congrats on qualifying for Event Finals,\" she told everyone. Mina stood up in the soothing, hip-deep water and threw a victory-salute. Her bra straps were clearly outlined through her soaked competition leo, along with the waistband of Mina's trunks. Then she sat down again and cuddled up against the nearest guy, who welcomed her with a rather-explicit hug…much to Mina's delight. \"In every other sport,\" Haley went on, \"things are straightforward. In football, whoever scores the most touchdowns is the winner. And if you're not sure if it was out of bounds, you get instant replay. Then there's gymnastics. You're supposed to do a clean, perfect routine. Don't even think about asking the judges to check their work or explain their scoring system. Unlike us, they don't have to be perfect. They just say, don't worry. We know best. Trust us. End of story. \" Two other gymnasts spoke up from their boyfriends' laps. \"I don't trust anybody who's gotta stand up to make sure you're not out-of-bounds on vault-landings,\" Gloria said. Rita agreed, nodding. \"If they didn't have a good-enough view of our landings, either…\" \"And if they can't see everything,\" Mina chimed in, \"how can they call themselves right?\" Haley continued. \"If a kid cheats in school, they get in trouble. If a woman cheats on her husband, we all know the consequences…But how about when an adult cheats a kid? Why does nothing happen, then?\" Wei-Yong took a guess. \"…Because it's their say-so?\" \"And also…?\" Haley prodded. The truth dawned. \"…Because they're the adults and we're the kids!\" Gloria called out. \"So what do we know!?\" \"That sucks,\" Joanne agreed. \"It may be the way things are, but it still sucks.\" \"Unless we say so,\" Haley cut in. The girls looked very unsure. \"Imagine,\" Haley went on, \"if the best athletes from the most fascist sport in the world actually stepped out of line.\" \"…But how?\" Rita asked. \"What are you talking about here?\" Haley gave this a few seconds of thought, biting her lip. \" We pick the winner on each event.\" \"Why?\" Joanne asked. \"And how?\" \"A: to remind the adults that they're as human as we are,\" Haley answered. \"B: follow my lead at March-In tomorrow. You'll see for yourself.\" The girls climbed out of the Jacuzzi and showered in the \"hot spring\", before heading back to their rooms…save those who had gone to sleep in their boyfriends' arms. Where such was the case, said guy picked them up and carried them over to the \"waterfall\". \"What're you gonna do at March-In?\" Wei-Yong asked Haley while they both showered. \"…I don't know yet,\" Haley replied bluntly. \"But it'll come to me.\" They helped themselves to a couple of towels, which hung on a bar underneath another large sign; this one displayed the gaping maw of a great white shark. Printed above and below the shark's picture was the following message: BEWARE OF LAWYERS / IF YOUR TINY (NON-TOILET-TRAINED) KID ENTERS THIS AREA, THEY GET TO EAT YOU. ! #$%^&* It was Day Two of the Nationals. As the stage was being set for Event Finals, Mr. Cheeks could be heard singing \"Lights, Camera, Action\". Judges took their places. Fans took their seats. Media positioned their cameras. Tim Daggett and fellow commentator Elfi Schlegel got miked up and ran through their opening. Off-stage, an official called out each finalist's name…while the finalists got into a single-file line for March-In. Haley fidgeted nervously with the zipper of her sweat-suit. The arena announcer spoke up. \"Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome this year's National Championship Event Finalists.\" Each girl walked out and saluted the audience after her intro. Then she waited in line while waving to the crowd. Uncertain looks flashed over the girls' faces, while coaches surveyed the proceedings and parents applauded. Mina bit her lip. Wei-Yong blinked nervously. \"This will permanently mark us,\" Joanne whispered to Haley, \"don't you think?\" \"I hope so,\" Haley whispered back. \"But it doesn't matter what I think; just do what you think is right.\" As the girls turned and headed toward the Floorex mat, Haley suddenly stopped. She took off her warm-up jacket, and threw it onto the floor. The audience responded with quizzical looks, as did every judge on the panel. Both commentators shrugged at each other. This was…Not weird or anything. One by one, each finalist threw down her jacket. Joanne paused upon seeing her mother in the stands, and then threw her jacket in as well. ! #$%^&* Moments later, in the Vault Rotation waiting area, Amy chalked up while her coach spoke to her. \"Amy is last year's National Champion,\" Daggett said, \"and current world bronze medalist on this event.\" Amy walked onto the podium, saluted the judges, and ran. The judges assessed the run, pencils poised. Amy's hands lightly touched the vault. Her coach and parents looked confused, then ballistic. Trying not to smile too hard, Amy descended the stairs. The other event finalists cheered wildly. The scoreboard lit up with five zeroes. \"Don't mind if I do!\" Amy called out, throwing herself into the stands to hug five adorable young boys whom she had noticed sitting there. Haley prepped her vault, really laying it on. A round-off handspring back-tuck, it landed on the beat-board. She shrugged with a what-have-I-done look, then touched the vault and exited. The Meet Director rushed Big Vic. \"Are you behind this?\" he demanded. Big Vic just grinned at him. \"I'm smart, pal, but I'm not this smart.\" Joanne looked at her clearly-ticked mom. Then she smiled while doing a modeling-catwalk strut up and down the runway. Every young male in the audience went berserk. One particularly cute guy in the front row called out for Joanne to marry him. She'd never seen this boy before in her life, but that didn't stop her. She charged over, jumped into his lap and gave him a big kiss. As his head rolled backward in a faint, she gently slid out of his embrace and returned to the runway. \"…Joanne's not chalking up either,\" Daggett went on. \"She's just walking along the runway, and…There's something very strange going on here today, Elfi.\" \"You noticed,\" Schlegel deadpanned. The press looked confused as they struggled to figure out what the heck was going on. Then Joanne's score came up. \"Another five zeroes,\" Schlegel commented. \"This has never happened before.\" The crowd was buzzing. Coaches and parents were freaking. Joanne was in the stands, giving out a big hug to each of five drop-dead-gorgeous frat boys from UC San Diego. Mina spat in her hands while chalking up. All the event finalists were lined up, cheering her on. Mina saluted with deep calm and pleasure. It was nothing one would expect to see on a competitor's face. \"Come on, Mina!\" The other girls urged. \"Stick it!\" The audience looked down from the edges of their seats, not sure what was happening. Officials scrambled and yelled. \"…She's vaulting a Yurchenko with a double twist,\" Daggett said. \"It has a 10.0 start value.\" \"She could do a simple handspring and win,\" Schlegel replied. \"Interesting rotation.\" Haley and Company bit their lips, nervous for Mina. Big Vic wondered what the f*** was going on here, as the judges signaled. Time and perspective seemed to shift—inside, outside, and around this all-but-impossible skill—as Mina's feet pounded along the floor at flank speed…and then slammed onto the spring-loaded beat-board. It was pure poetry as Mina's body sprang off the board. Her hands hit the vault tongue, and she sent herself spinning through the air. Reaching the floor, her feet stuck to the mat like glue. Mina's face registered the unbelievable surprise and relief which comes with sticking an insanely dangerous vault. While her fellow gymnasts went bananas, Mina struck her best I got it pose for the judges—raising her arms and holding her stick. She saluted and waved to the crowd, then shrieked as she hopped off the podium…and into Big Vic's stunned arms. Wrapping her spectacular legs around his waist, Mina gave him a big smooch. Big Vic smiled uncomfortably. \"If she does not get a ten on this,\" Daggett said, \"there is no justice.\" The judges did not look at each other. They felt the pressure, and were not quite sure of what just happened. The vaulting finalists nervously awaited Mina's score. Then it came: 9.7 . The crowd and announcers went nuts. ! #$%^&* Both Haley and Gloria scratched on the Uneven Parallel Bars, as did Rebecca Black. Later, the Meet Director conferred nervously with Tricia and Rebecca, and with the girls' respective coaches. From the chalk bucket, Haley and Wei-Yong looked on with concern. A smirking Big Vic walked up behind Wei-Yong. \"Hey.\" \"Hey, Vic,\" Wei-Yong returned the greeting. \"Looks like you're gonna actually do a routine,\" Big Vic went on. \"Imagine that! We're at National Championships, in the Event Finals, and someone is actually going to compete. It's crazy.\" \"For some time,\" Wei-Yong responded, \"I felt like I didn't exist, so far as you were concerned.\" \"Squeaky wheels get the oil,\" Big Vic shrugged. \"They need it most.\" \"Hey, I can squeak with the best of them,\" Wei-Yong answered. \"So,\" he said, \"you need a spot, or you wanna do your thing?\" \"I wouldn't say no to both,\" Wei-Yong replied. Big Vic shrugged again. \"It's your championship. I'm just a tourist, or so it appears.\" As Wei-Yong chalked up, Big Vic noticed Mrs. Charis screaming at Joanne on the other side of the arena. He was intercepted by the angry Meet Director. \"You wanna explain what's going on?\" the Meet Director asked. \"Or do you plan on getting back control of your athletes?\" \"With what, a remote?\" Big Vic retorted. \"If you're operating under the impression that either of us have any control over them, who knows? You might be the very one they're dedicating this song to.\" \"Well, you don't have corporate sponsors down your throat,\" the Meet Director shot back, \"or a network to explain all of this for.\" The judges gave Wei-Hong the green light. She saluted as a kick-ass track made itself heard. Set to the track was a festival on this witch of an apparatus. Before her dismount, Wei-Yong stopped and stood on the high bar. She pumped her fist twice, and then giant-swung into a double-twisting double-back dismount…which she stuck cold. On the Jumbotron, Wei-Yong showed tons of emotion. Daggett was speechless. Schlegel spoke up for him: \"We'll re-record something later.\" She, too, was stunned and impressed in equal measure. Rushing toward the waiting area, Wei-Yong was met with hugs and goodwill from her competitors. The Meet Director brushed past Big Vic to face Wei-Yong. \"Congratulations,\" he told her. \"Looks like you're the proud new owner of the National Bar Championship.\" The scoreboard lit up: 9.4 . The audience booed like hell. Big Vic, also outraged, goaded the Head Bar Judge. \"Tell me something,\" he sneered at the Judge, \"How can you judge originality, when you don't even know what it looks like? Or do you?\" The Head Bar Judge smiled tightly but didn't answer. ! #$%^&* In the Waiting Area for the Balance Beam Rotation, the Meet Director blocked the stairwell to the podium. All six balance beam-finalists stood before him. \"So who's going to compete, and who isn't?\" he asked them. All six girls crossed their arms defiantly, refusing to speak. The Meet Director sneered at them. \"You're not going to tell me, are you?\" Each girl shook her head emphatically. \"There are alternatives who'd love to compete,\" the Meet Director added. Behind him, Tricia Skilken and two other gymnasts stared down the girls. Rebecca Black looked especially uneasy, so Haley leaned in close to her. \"There's nothing they can do,\" she whispered to Rebecca. \"He's covering his tail.\" The Meet Director looked like he might cry, but thought better of it as Rebecca bit her lip. ! #$%^&* During warm-up on the Balance Beam podium, Haley got the green light. She saluted and touched the beam. Moments later, Haley descended the podium. Back in the Waiting Area, Beth frantically pointed to Rebecca…who was dropping out, switching with Tricia Skilken. \"What's up?\" Beth asked, as Tricia shot Haley an evil smile while warming up. \"Tricia's gonna compete,\" Haley explained. On the Beam podium, the green light went on. Tricia saluted, smiling beautifully. Time seemed to play tricks through Tricia's classic, solid beam routine. There were no mistakes, no bobbles, and no excitement. Beth and Haley conferred on this change of plans. \"I don't have to go,\" she told Haley. \"Even if I scratch, we can still make our point.\" \"It's your call,\" Haley responded. \"I'd love to see your routine.\" Tricia dismounted to considerable applause. She saluted like she had it in the bag. While the judges scribbled, Tricia blew by the girls. Then she stopped and turned, smirked at Beth and Haley. Beth reacted to Tricia's smirk. \"I am so going on.\" Tricia's score was displayed: 9.312 . From the Beam podium, finalists cheered as a pumped Beth ascended. She saluted at the green light, and then launched the most amazing hybrid of all time: a pop-and-lock, hip-hop beam routine. For Beth herself, her own breathing and heartbeat created her own personal soundtrack. Using the circumference of the four-inch beam, going in directions that were unusual for this apparatus, she threw a dismount which was more Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon than Carly Patterson. The panel judges looked uneasy. They weren't sure how to evaluate this one, but the rules prevented them from conferring. A technical judge raised her hand, signaling the Head Beam Judge, who came over. The two conferred in a very animated manner, while Beth waved to the screaming crowd. Daggett and Schlegel were still flummoxed. \"I guess we'll re-record this later as well,\" he told her, while Haley and the other finalists waited for Beth's score. The scoreboard lit up: 8.8 . The crowd went nuts, booing and hissing. ! #$%^&* Around the Floor Exercise podium, Mina and Haley joined three other Floor-finalists…warming up with tumbling passes across the floor. They were having fun, high-fiving each other all the way. Only Haley looked bothered. There should have been more than five gymnasts here. With a villainous flourish, Tricia Skilken entered the floorex and stepped onto one corner of the mat for her warm-up. The other five girls were outraged. Beth and Mina bit their thumbs at Tricia, who did a warm-up pass…followed by Haley. Big Vic moved some landing mats onto the floor for Haley's warm-up. \"This is the most brilliant meet I've ever seen,\" he told Haley. \"I hope you're the mastermind.\" Haley shrugged. \"It was a group effort, more than anything else.\" \"Either way, congratulations,\" Big Vic went on. \"This little revolution of yours is officially slated for media coverage.\" He indicated Tricia. \"But first, lock and load…because you've got a Showdown at the Floor-Ex Corral.\" ! #$%^&* Three girls scratched on Floor. Several audience members ripped their 10 signs in half and were waving the zeroes. All three girls rushed the stands, where they were greeted with hugs from several young male spectators. Back in the Floor Exercise waiting area, Haley sat with Mina on the podium stairs. Both noticed Tricia staring them down. \"Don't worry,\" Haley shook her head to Mina. \"You can totally beat whatever score Tricia gets.\" Mina stopped Haley as she was about to scratch. The other three finalists stood behind them, with Tricia circling nearby. \"Don't scratch,\" Mina said. \"What do you mean?\" Haley asked. Mina indicated Tricia. \"If she's going, then we all want you to go.\" She and the others nodded at a clearly-touched Haley, who returned the nod. Haley blew it out and shook it off, then approached the podium. Suddenly, Big Vic stormed up and cut her off. \"What's wrong?\" she asked him. Shaking his head, Big Vic indicated Tricia. She had her arms folded, hating Haley big-time. Big Vic stared Tricia down before turning back to Haley. \"Nothing's wrong,\" he explained. \"She just ticks me off. Also, I want you to…\" Then he choked up, too proud of her to continue. Haley felt how much he cared. She noticed him fighting tears. Big Vic nodded, barely containing his emotions. \"Remember when I said you could've been great?\" Haley nodded. \"Well, there's no could've been about it. You are great.\" Big Vic pulled it together. \"Now go kick her buns-of-steel.\" He gave Haley a thumbs-up as she walked onto the podium, following a last glance at Tricia. Behind Tricia was Haley's mother, standing and waving frantically with both arms. \"Stick it, honey!\" Alice called out. In spite of herself, Haley shook her head and grinned. Then she stepped onto the podium and waited for her green light. Everyone in the arena was on the edge of their seats. The judges waited with poised pencils. Haley smiled as the unmistakable notes of Metallica's \"Enter Sandman\" began. In the stands, Chris DeFrank joined Alice…along with Three, Christine, and Graham. \"Oh, not this song again,\" Chris complained. \"What is the deal with this music?\" \"I thought you knew,\" Alice replied. Chris shook his head. \"It's her dad's favorite song,\" Alice explained. Haley set up for her first tumbling pass: Insane. The crowd went crazy. In the waiting area, the other gymnasts stood on their chairs to watch. Big Vic looked on proudly. Haley hit everything 110%. It was hardcore tumbling and innovation, without the girly stuff. The music stopped. Haley's breathing and heartbeat were so loud that it was all she could hear. The crowd went silent, not responding. Then it erupted into applause, with everybody on their feet. Haley waved to them; amazement, tempered with delight, was written all over her face. Moments later, in the Floor Exercise waiting area, Haley rushed into the arms of her fellow athletes. The other Finalists congratulated Haley, while everybody waited for her results. Big Vic joined them. \"I refuse to look at the score,\" he said, before turning to look at Haley's score: 9.1 . Boos filled the arena. Haley smiled while exchanging high-fives with Mina, Wei-Yong, and the other Event Finalists. Tricia walked up to the podium. The judges gave the green light. She saluted, stepped onto the mat, got into position. Mina sighed, disappointed. \"Eat mat, Tricia,\" she murmured. As the crowd waited for Tricia's music, she smiled and saluted again—then stepped off the mat. Mina's disappointment turned to shock. Tricia was playing along! Tricia unzipped her leotard in solidarity, stepped out of it, struck a pose in just her bra and trunks. Her score came up: 0.0 . Tricia waved her leotard at the crowd. \"I'm hosting a pool party tonight at my hotel,\" she said. \"Who's there?\" ! #$%^&* Later, on the Winners' Podium, Mina and Wei-Yong waved while receiving their gold medals. So did Tricia. As Beth received her silver medal, Tricia removed her gold. She put it on Beth, removed Beth's silver, put it on herself. Then Tricia walked off the podium with a thumbs-up. Beth was delighted. Haley flashed her troublemaker-grin. She was enjoying every moment of this, although she still couldn't believe it was happening to her. As she received her totally fake first-place medal, Haley realized that gymnastics wasn't there to judge her…or to diss her. Only she herself could do that. It wasn't about the judges, or the parents, or the coaches. It was all about the gymnasts, and for the gymnasts. ! #$%^&* Later, in the press area, the athletes were giving comments when Haley's phone came to life. She answered and looked at it. \"It's for you,\" she told Joanne. On the phone was a photo of Poot, holding a white corsage for Joanne—who grabbed the phone excitedly. \"They were out of pink ones,\" he explained sadly. \"Don't apologize!\" Joanne blew him a kiss. \"White totally works!\" She smiled and gave Haley a thumbs-up, then turned back to the media. Big Vic suddenly pulled Haley away to speak with her in private. \"I got some really bad news,\" he said. \"How much do you hate college gymnastics?\" He held a stack of cards from all the top NCAA schools in the country—UCLA, Georgia, Stanford, Alabama, the whole bit. \"I'm past hating things I haven't tried.\" Haley grinned. \"Where should I go?\" Big Vic handed her the cards. \"You'll figure it out. You could auction yourself off, or…\" \"Or I could just tell them to stick it.\" \"Like you know how to stick it,\" he chuckled. \"My feet were glued!\" \"To a high-speed bus…!\" Big Vic scoffed as he and Haley walked toward a throng of young fans, toting programs, waiting for their new hero's autograph. \"I'm going to Tricia's pool party this evening,\" she told them. \"Join me?\" ! #$%^&* THE END ","Summary":" Stick It A novel by Khaos Junior Based on the screenplay by Jessica Bendinger ! #$%^&* Two fighter "},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"My Best Friends","Author":"Lemonly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6305404","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Haley Graham is my best friend. We've own each other since we were babies, after all, she lives two houses down from me. Me and Frank have been there through everything with her. We would have been at Worlds if we could have afforded to go. But we made up for not being at the competition by doing anything she could have wanted us to do. We held together what was left of her world. She stayed at my house for the weeks following the walk out. She most likely would have moved in with me and my mom if the court hadn't made her go with her dad. That's when all her troubles started. When my mom told me she got sent to VGA, I knew she wished she would have been sent to prison. It would be like revisiting the Wolds fiasco all over again. Me and Frank made our plan to break her out, I kept was VGA really was from Frank and pretended to be surprised when he did. I had to. I needed to know she was okay. That she hadn't had a break down again. A few days ago, she called me crying. The girls downstairs were watching a special about what's-her-face and mentioning Haley walking out. I did what I always did when the past was brought up. I stayed up with her until she fell asleep. Even then I stayed on, in case she woke up. I called Frank shortly after I knew she was asleep and not waking up. Naturally, he was worried. After all, he's been in love with Haley for the past ten years. So, when Vick kicked us out, I almost panicked. I could see Frank having the same reaction. We ran around the side of the building and tried to look through the windows. They were too dirty to see anything through. It was only on the way home, when I got her text with a smiley face that I knew she was okay right now. We showed up at the invitational to, hopefully, defuse some of the hate flying around. When she saw us, her face lit up. Did she really think we would miss this? Did she really think that we, her best friends, would miss her emergence into the world of gymnastics and let her take all that hate directed at her without being there to direct love to her? Then, that girl through the soda on her. We see that she was shaken, she wasn't about to let her coach know, but we knew her way too well. We joked around to try and cheer her up when we met her at the leotard stand. She didn't like it but she knew we were trying not to bring up past events and left to change while me and Frank went to get some Nachos. While watching her compete, I was, yet again, amazed by Haley Graham. She truly was a natural. I glanced over a Frank and couldn't help but laugh. He had this look of awe on his face. And it definitely wasn't just with her skills. You see, Haley had never, ever worn tight clothes after she quit and she had developed slightly more since then. I smirked at Frank before turning back to watching Haley kick butt. We went down to praise Haley, but stopped short seeing her talking to her mom. Everyone who knew Haley knew how she felt about her mom. Her mom was the reason Haley walked out. We watched from around the corner as her mom tried to put lipstick on her and then Haley walking away. As her mom walked toward us we ran back to our seats, we knew this event wouldn't be good for Haley. When she fell off the beam, me and Frank knew something was wrong. When she lifted her head, and we saw the tears streaming down it, Frank got his keys out. When she finished, we stood up. We knew she was leaving. As we drove home, we did everything we could to get her to smile, sometimes it worked. When we pulled into my driveway, I groaned. Why did my mom have to leave her lights on? As I got out of the truck, I heard Frank asking Haley if she was going to be alright. When she responded, he said, \"That's my girl.\" I couldn't help but roll my eyes. If only he made a move, then she would be his girl. When we got inside, I mentioned the lights to my mom. She threw her keys to me and told me to turn them off. I wasn't really worried about leaving Haley alone with my mom, but I knew my mom is practically Haley's and she needed a hug from the only woman in her life that she fully trusts. When I walked back in the house, they separated and I got the \"I have a gun,\" speech from my mom until I got Haley some food. The reason I was in charge of food is because I know all of Haley's comfort foods. Shortly after, me, Frank, and Haley were in my room with Kraft Mac and Cheese, peanut butter, and Oreos with a mix of Haley's favorite songs playing in the background. She was sitting between Frank's legs and leaning against his chest. He had his arms wrapped around her and would whisper things to her, making her laugh. I smiled to myself, I knew they really liked each other. All they needed to do was tell each other. I decided to give them a few minutes alone. When I came back, they were lying on the mattress that was on the floor for her, Haley curled up against Frank fast asleep. After the meeting with the meeting with the judge, we drove Haley back to VGA. Neither of us wanted her to go back to that place because a) we didn't want her to get hurt again, and b) it was way too far away from us. So she went into the gym and we hid the van so we could surprise Haley with an evening out of the gym. We pulled around after the ambulance left and, after some taunting, we convinced the other girls to go with us. While in the candy store, one of the girls asked Haley if Frank was her boyfriend. I smirked to myself when I heard her hesitate and then ran over to her after she asked about me. I looked over at Frank and Haley and smiled. Haley had the biggest smile on her face as Frank asked, \"Can I escort the fair lady to the many colored M&Ms;?\" I laughed to myself when Haley responded with, \"Why, yes you may, kind sir.\" and took his offered hand. I gave them their privacy and took Joanne to the Jelly Beans, which were on the other side of the store. When we got to the dress store, Haley handed me a dress to try on, saying that if she had to try one on, so did I. I thought I looked pretty good in it. That is, until, I saw Haley in hers. She looked gorgeous. It was red and strapless but it had black designs going around the bottom and sides of the dress. It was tight and she looked amazing in it. When I saw Frank's face, I decided to go talk to Joanne. I looked over at them and they were standing very close together. Frank told me later that he was taking her to prom. When we dropped the girls back off at the gym, I could tell Frank wanted nothing more than to kiss Haley. On the drive home, I made sure to give him crap about taking Haley to prom and for being to chicken to ask her out. I got a bruise that lasted a week on my arm for that. We had the girls' dresses and were going to pick the girls up the day before. I knew Frank was going to go all out on this and that I would be helping him. We watched the competition and were shocked momentarily when Haley voluntarily took a strike. But then again, we really shouldn't have been. She's always been incredibly loyal to her friends. When she called us later, she told us about her plan. The next day, we really wished we could be there. They had chosen Haley to win the floor competition. We both sent her texts saying good luck and how proud we were of her. We knew she needed it. As she walked onto the performance floor, she knew she would rock. And she did. When I called her after the competition to talk to Joanne, Frank spent the whole time demanding that he talk to Haley. We've been proud of Haley numerous times before, but that took the cake. She finally took control of her own life. She floored it and she got her point across. She still made the national team and finally told the world why she walked out. Suddenly, she wasn't the most hated person in Gymnastics anymore, DeFranc was. Me and Frank drove down the day before prom to pick our dates up. Joanne was staying with Haley at my house and I was staying with Frank at his. When we picked them up in the rented red convertible, we were both shocked by Haley's appearance. Joanne was not happy with the fact that I wasn't paying attention to her, but Haley Graham, the girl I've known since we were in diapers, was wearing make-up. She never wears make-up. EVER! It was natural, but it was still visible. She had her hair down and was wearing that red dress with black heels. I put the white corsage on Joanne and Frank slipped the black one on Haley. I smiled, it was unique. Just like the girl wearing it. Frank pulled a box out of his pocket. Opening it, Haley gasped. Inside was a pure diamond bracelet that his mom had gotten for him to give to Haley. He helped her put it on and Joanne demanded to know why I didn't get her a bracelet. I couldn't help but smile as they never moved more than two feet from each other the whole night. A few months later, Frank gathered up the courage to ask Haley to be his girl, officially. They talked for roughly two hours on the phone before Frank asked her. She said yes and he said that he would take her out Saturday. The whole drive to VGA, I had to keep telling him to relax. Apparently, all the girls were telling Haley the same thing as they helped get her ready. When we got there, I got out with Frank. I was going to have to endure Joanne until Frank and Haley got back. Walking outside, Haley's appearance made Frank speechless. She was in a pair of tight jeans and a tights white top. He held out his hand to her and they left. I groaned silently as Joanne grabbed my hand and took me on the road they run. Three hours later, Frank and Haley came back and Frank kissed her good-bye. The ride home was filled with him talking about how wonderful Haley is. After that, they talked for three hours every night on the phone. About six months later, Haley told Frank she had to go train with the Olympic team soon. Frank went out and got a ring. He drove down to the gum and pulled her out of training and proposed, right then and there. I only found out when Haley called me, squealing. Yeah, squealing. I was happy for them. They decided that I would give her away, since she didn't want her dad there. Apparently, they couldn't decide if I would be the Best Man or the Maid of Honor. The wedding would be held a week after she got home from the Olympics. I watched as they exchanged vows and Frank kissed her. I smiled seeing how happy they were. And my mom cried. After all, it was her honorary daughter's wedding. They showed up at the reception, where they decided that I would give a speech and not the Best Man, my brother, or the Maid of Honor, Tasha, her team mate and best friend. As I gave my speech, I truly believed all the things I was saying about them lasting forever, because I knew they would. They were my best friends and they truly did deserve each other. I was happy for them. As I watched them share their first dance as a couple, I knew that no matter what, I would be there for them as they would for me. I also knew that their love could stand the test of time. ","Summary":" Haley Graham is my best friend. We've own each other since we were babies, after all, she lives two"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"GymnasticsOlympics my way","Author":"CreepySheepy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8293038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N-Hey peeps it's Lilli! This is an OC story written by my cousin. They need 12 boys and 12 girls. Ok now they r gonna take over. Disclaimer- Neither of us own Stick It! Hey everyone! The object of this story is the all around final at the Olympic games! I will need 12 boy gymnast and 12 girl gymnast. There will be 12 chapters and each involves someone to have a disaster and ruin their chances! One boy and one girl will be voted out but each chapter will tell about each gymnasts routines! There will be one winner for boys and girls. No inappropriate things! Application: Full name- Represented Country – Best gymnastics event- Appearance Hair color/ style Eyes- Face- Uniform color- Height/ weight- Skin- Extra comments- Worst event- That's all ! Free to make as many as wanted! ","Summary":" A/N-Hey peeps it's Lilli! This is an OC story written by my cousin. They need 12 boys and 12 girls."},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"For love of the sport","Author":"Blue Wolf2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3185392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For love of the sport One night, three of Haley's gymnasts watch their coach and realize that while you may give up the sport, you never give up the love for it. After helping with the championship revolt in 2006, Haley had gone on to perform in college. While there she had rediscovered her love for the sport of gymnastics. She had trained with Burt until her official retirement in 2015. Her retirement had been brought on by as fate would decide it, a blown knee. She and Burt had laughed about it in the hospital after her surgery. At the time she had been determined to get back to performing. The doctors had gone along with her decision, humoring her, as Burt had put it. After months of therapy and slow training she once again set foot on a competition floor. While there she gave what some said was the best performance of her life. But she had disagreed. Her gut told her what her heart had fought against during her re-training. It was over. As she saluted the judges after her floor routine tears filled her eyes. Everyone watched confused as she walked to her coach and fell into his arms in a fit of sobs and tears. In that moment he knew. They both knew. She was done. Now five years later she was a coach working for the very coach that had helped her rediscover her love of the sport. Now she was in charge of the elite gymnasts who would be competing for a slot at worlds. Though they knew she was one of the best, sometimes her athletes had trouble seeing how someone who had been out of the game for so long knew what they were going through. Sure she was still in shape. She still had rips on rips, as she said. But not once had they seen her set foot on a vault, bars, beam or the floor matt. All her lessons were verbal and though they wanted to, they didn't dare challenge her. \"Pointed feet Mary!\" Haley yelled to the girl on the beam. Mary nodded and looked down, concentrating on her feet. Haley turned her attention to the vault where Jamie was running full speed. She watched as she jumped and sprung off the vault, landing a double. \"Good Jamie, but you're fish tailing at the very end, keep your arms tucked in till the last second.\" Jamie nodded as she headed to get some water. The last was Nancy who was working on the bars. Haley watched as she swung herself up over the beam and held herself in a handstand for a few seconds before releasing and falling down to the catch the lower bar. There she swung herself over twice before dismounting. After saluting, she turned to look at her coach, who nodded. \"Give it a few more seconds on the hand stand.\" Haley said. A few hours later she called her girls over. Sweaty and out of breathe, they sat down in front of her. \"You girls worked hard today, I'm proud of you. Go get cleaned up and get some rest.\" They all nodded as they stood, making their way to their stuff. \"Nancy, ice bath,\" Haley called out. \"Your abs will thank you, trust me.\" Nancy nodded and left with her fellow team mates. Back at the athlete house, the girls dropped their stuff on the floor and made their way to the kitchen. \"God I'm so sore…\" Jamie complained as Nancy hoisted herself up onto the counter. \"At least your hands are the same texture,\" Nancy muttered and took the pint of ice cream Mary handed her. \"God, how can you eat that?\" Jamie exclaimed in horror as Mary laughed. \"Hey, you have to indulge every once in awhile. Besides,\" Nancy paused to lick the spoon. \"Chocolate gives you energy.\" \"It also makes you fat,\" Jamie snapped. \"Oh come on,\" Mary said as she took the pint from Nancy, shoving it back in the freezer. \"You've seen how Coach eats and she's just about as fit as us, if not more.\" \"Yeah, I've never been able to figure that out,\" Nancy said. \"The only thing she does is watch and yells. How does she do it?\" Jamie shrugged. \"She's a legend, she doesn't need any excuse. I just know that I would kill for her experience.\" \"Well, that's why we're here, to learn from the best.\" Mary said. \"Speaking of learning,\" Nancy said as she lowered herself off the counter, \"I think I have to agree with her orders on an ice bath. It's sounding pretty good right now.\" Her friends watched as she walked to the closet to grab the ice bag. \"Do we have to?\" Jamie wined and Mary rolled her eyes. \"Yes we do, come on.\" Mary gave Jamie her hand, pulling her off the floor and they followed Nancy back to the main gym to help her with the ice. The lights in the gym were down low, making most of the building dark. But the girls didn't mind. They had been living at VGA long enough that they knew their way around, even in the dark. But before they could reach the kitchen they heard something that made them stop. \"Is that…music?\" Nancy asked, looking confused. Jamie shrugged her shoulders as Mary looked around. \"It's coming from the gym.\" Jamie said, starting to lead the way. \"What you wanna bet the freshmen left the radio on?\" Mary asked, sighing impatiently. Nancy nodded and began to open the door but stopped. \"What?\" Jamie hissed, also impatient. \"Guys…it's not the freshmen…\" Nancy trailed off. \"Well, what is it?\" Mary asked, looking over Nancy's shoulder. \"It's Haley.\" Nancy said and the other two looked over her shoulder to discover she was right. Though dimly lit, the three girls could easily see their coach in the big gym. She was dressed in a lime green leo and was bent down dusting chalk onto her hands. She stood, rolling her shoulders then her neck. \"What's she doing?\" Jamie whispered and the other two hushed her. \"Is she doing what I think she's doing?\" Mary whispered. A moment later they received their answer. Eyes wide they watched as Haley did a salute then ran two feet and did a floor vault. She twirled in the air twice before handing on her feet. Trusting her hands into the air she went down in a set of splits then swung her leg around, pushing herself up and did a floor spin. The three of them continued watching as she did more twirls and twists before stopping and giving another salute. Dusting her hands she made her way to the radio and changed it to a classical station. The girls watched as Haley walked over to the beam. After doing another salute she slid her hands down the beam, almost as if she was trying to remember something from a long time ago. Then, with out warning, she hoisted herself up onto the beam. She started out with a series of hand movements before doing a double jump and a split. Then she swung herself over the beam, letting her legs hang down and then slowly raised herself up. In an interview from years previous, Haley Graham had once said that she had three defining moments in her life. Walking out of worlds, her beam performance at classics and her floor performance at championships. Walking out of worlds was the low point in her life. In that moment everything had come crashing down and she did the one thing anyone would due under pressure, she broke. Her performance on beam at the classic was her starting to realize that if she was going to push, the world was simply going to push back harder. She had cried during that performance. It had taken her a year since her walking out on worlds, but she had finally cried. People also said that that particular performance was one of the best, because it was the most emotional. For Haley it wasn't the best, it was a wakeup call. Last, her floor performance at championships was her way of telling the world that she had once again arrived and was here to stay. Now as her athletes watched her perform the same beam routine from the 2006 classic, they realized what it was all about. For their coach it wasn't about how she had been the best and had gone through hell to get back on the top. To her it wasn't about the medals or the awards. It wasn't about the fame. It was about having love for your sport. Enough love that even when you were a retired elite gymnast with a blown knee, you could still put on a leo and perform so well that it brought the past back to you. The three girls watched as Haley did one last move on the beam and raised herself up. Then, with tears in her eyes, she saluted. ","Summary":" For love of the sport One night, three of Haley's gymnasts watch their coach and realize that while"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"The life of a gymnast","Author":"Buttercup900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7839747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nastia high fives me. I walk to the black mat and put my hands up and try and concentrate…. Finally I do a back handspring back handspring back layout I land on one foot while the other is behind my right. I decide to work on my Jump pass; I begin to think it in my head over and over again before I perform it. I take two steps and do a switch leap wolf leap that's my first pass My second is a pike jump sheep jump. Soon I decide to walk around … that's when I noticed….Shawn Johnson! One of my favorite gymnasts of ALL TIME! I didn't want to seem like a crazy person so I just chill and act like I didn't see her. But Shawn passes me and I start to feel a chill of shame running though my back, I turn around immediately. \"Hi\" I say while also not trying to be an annoying syco. She turns around and says \"Hi\" umm may I just ask, who are you? Oh I am Emma , I train at WOGA , um I couldn't bare not to ask but will you please give me your autograph? I say trying not to be desperate. Shawn smiles real big and says \"Um sure I love all my fans, follow me\" Shawn then takes me to her gym bag who's right next to Nastia's and pulls out a clear piece of paper I ask \"Are you competing today? Yeah but only on Floor and bars because I am not read to perform those events at my best. \"I can't wait to watch\"! I say while taking the paper from Shawn and give her a sweet little hug. Shawn begins to turn and walk away but turns back around and says \"Um what's your name again\"? I smile and say \"I'm Emma Weber \"Ok thanks Il try to remember\" Shawn says and she walks away She turns around and walks away. I giggle and jump really high and hurry off to my teammates. Once I get there I notice My best friend Payson Stretching for beam. I decide to walk over to her and show her but before I get there Nastia stops in front of me I blink and say \"Hi Nastia\" \"Yeah coach wanted me to tell you to get ready for beam warm ups in 6 minutes \" 'Oh ok who's first up\"? Nastia pulls out a piece of paper with all the orders on it and reads it aloud. Kelly parker- Denver elite Payson Keller –WOGA Katelyn Ohashi-WOGA Kaylee Cruz –Rocky mountains Emma Weber-WOGA Lauren tanner-Rocky mountains Again PLEASE leave a review don't leave rude comments this is my first time. ","Summary":" Nastia high fives me. I walk to the black mat and put my hands up and try and concentrate…. Finally"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"The life of a gymnast chapter 1","Author":"Buttercup900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7837544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is nationals and I am next up on team for Uneven bars , I was so nerves I felt like giving up but I didn't , I took in a deep breath Look at the low bar and jump into a kip Then once my hips touch the low bar I push straight into a handstand trying not to bend my arms to get .1 tenth deducted ,even though I knew I was going to fail on that move I decided to do a clear hip circle with a full turn to get another couple tenths I then do a sole circle and jump to the high bar but I feel one of my grips loosen up so I try not to fall but then right as I swing around the bar I feel it loosen up again and I try to control my hands so they didn't get loosen up again but when I go for my release I knew right then I was in danger. I try to catch the bar on the release but I knew that I was out of luck and I belly flopped onto the blue mat. I then think fuck! Why did this happen to me! I knew I had to hurry up to get more chalk on my hands and tight my grips back up so I hurry up to the chalk box ,I wipe away the sweat on my face then rub some chalk on my hands and tight my grips up, I walk to the high bar and my coach lifts me up I then grab the high bar and take a little swing and kip up I don't go for the handstand and do a cast away and do a ½ turn after I swing I then do a kip handstand and finish my routine with a double tuck, I take a little step on the dismount and salute to the judges ,I quickly turn to my coach and he puts his arm around me Emma why didn't you get that release you've been working on it for 2 months says coach Luikin. My grips loosened when I jumped to the high bar I tried to stay on but I just couldn't Ok, well you have beam in 30 minutes so go stretch with Nastia over by the Practice mat over there. I walk over to the edge of the corner and see Nastia working on a back handspring back layout. I stand there patently for my turn. Hi I say while not trying to be annoying and then step onto the thick black mat , Nastia says Hi back then walks on the right of me and watch as I do a back handspring back handspring. Ok here's some advice Emma, don't bend your knees so much so the judges don't deduct .2 from your score. I take a deep breath and step back onto the black mat , I stand there for a couple seconds and then go. This time trying not to bend my knees , I do the first back handspring no problem same with the next back handspring and then I add in a back layout and land without a wobble on the floor. Nastia high-five's me Thanks for reading…if you did please leave a review please don't be mean I am new to this and I love gymnastics and nastia luikin. ","Summary":" It is nationals and I am next up on team for Uneven bars , I was so nerves I felt like giving up bu"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"The Flaws of Gymnastics","Author":"reviewgirl911","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8123250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Haley Graham was at the top of the world. She was fifteen and on the U.S. team for the World Championships. Things couldn't be more perfect. She was the best gymnast in the country. She loved what she was doing, what she was able to do. And yet Haley noticed plenty of imperfections in this seemingly perfect world of her. She noticed the way some of her teammates cringed at the very sight of a burger, the way they munched on carrot sticks when they hadn't really ate in days. On one such occasion, Trisha Skilken actually passed out after a meet. She claimed it was dehydration and that she was fine, but Haley knew the truth. Trisha drank more water than a fish. It was crazy what some of these girls would do for their sport. Luckily, Haley was naturally thin and still able to enjoy food she loved, but she knew other girls weren't as lucky. Some went the Trisha route, and others headed for the toilet. Either way, you had to fit into your leotard. Another thing Haley notices is the judging. It didn't seem to matter how creative or innovative the routine was, how complex the trick. You had to play their rules, their way. A girl with a cookie cutter routine could score better than someone who had actually came up with something new. The judges liked things they already knew how to judge. Unfortunately for them, that wasn't Haley's talent. She was soon known as the \"wild child of gymnastics\" for her complete refusal to comply with these rules. Despite these flaws, Haley loved her sport. She loved the freeness of it all, the spinning on bars, the flips and twists on beam, the tricks she could pull on floor. It made her feel exhilarated, the way people got before jumping out of airplanes. And though she may disapprove of the gymnastics world itself, she always loved gymnastics. Of course, Haley's whole world came crashing down at Worlds. She had been getting a drink of water before her floor routine. Haley wasn't nervous at all. She knew she'd win. She owned floor. She had seen her mother and her coach, Chris DeFrank, talking. Coming closer, she listened to the conversation. \"Alice, we can't tell Haley about us until after floor,\" her coach argued. \"She needs to focus.\" Haley felt like she was going to throw up. Her mom and her coach? She went back and sat down, her world shattered. When her name was called, Haley knew what she had to do. Instead of walking towards the mat, she walked in the other direction, towards the door. For a moment, she glanced to see her mom and coach's reaction. They looked shocked, devastated even. Good, she thought. Now you know how I feel. What happened afterwards was a whirlwind to Haley. She had given up the sport she loved, the life she was living. Haley Graham was no longer a world class gymnast. She was just an angry teenager, angry at the world. Her parents split up, and she couldn't even stand to look at her mom anymore. Every time she saw her mom, she replayed that day at Worlds in her head. Sure, Haley wasn't that close to her dad either, but at least they were on the same side. Haley tried to live her life free of gymnastics. She met Frank and Poot and soon became a part of their group. Haley had never really had friends. Elite gymnasts could never be friends. Everyone was looking out for themselves. With Frank and Poot, Haley started to find other things she liked doing. Doing crazy tricks on bike gave her a similar exhilaration to what she had felt doing gymnastics. It wasn't the same, but it was close enough. Something about being in trouble or running from the cops gave her a rush. She felt free. But Haley hadn't forgotten gymnastics, not even close. She still missed the sport, missed the feeling of flying in the air, of defying gravity, but she didn't miss the world. Haley remembered the things she had brushed aside about her world. Sometimes she wondered about her ex-teammates. Did they still munch on carrot sticks? Had Trisha fainted again? Haley would've continued her life as it was if she hadn't been busted. Frankily, juvie did sound better than VGA. Juvie sounded better than going to a place where everyone would hate her on sight, better than going back to a world that she hated. Haley had heard of VGA and Burt Vickerman. He'd had a couple of successful gymnasts before he started producing more injuries than champions. Haley wanted to keep her neck in place, thank you very much. Burt Vickerman was just as she expected: a controlling has been out for the money. She listened as he sold tickets to the Olympics one by one. Honestly, how stupid were these people? Luckily the only gymnast that knew her at VGA was Joanne Charis. Joanne and Haley had trained together at DeFrank's. There was nothing really special about Joanne as a gymnast. She followed the same cookie cutter routines everyone else did, and yet she thought she owned the world. The two newbie gymnasts interested Haley a bit: Mina Hoyt and Wei Wei Yong. They had something, a spark that could prove to be something. The gymnastic world would probably chew them up and spit them back out. Something that interested her even more was that the two girls were close friends. Haley had never seen two gymnasts who were good friends. It was comforting to see that at least someone else had the same view of the gymnastic world she did. It wasn't fair that a girl could pull a Double Arabian and get points off for something like pointed toes. It wasn't fair that judges looked for perfection in a sport with no instant replay. It wasn't fair that the code of point made innovation bad and conventionality good. Haley rolled her eyes when Burt started talking about how she was one of the best talents the sport had ever seen. She recited the 'Get-it-together' speech she had heard numerous times to him. The two made a silent agreement: coexist until Haley could escape. Getting back into shape was a bitch. Haley had forgotten that part of her sport. But, as she always did, she pushed herself. Burt kept telling her to control her tricks, but Haley didn't know how. She was full speed ahead, always had been. Her going to Burt was a big deal, or at least to. She wasn't one to admit needing anything. She knew Burt got the message. She would give him a little control as long as he didn't abuse it. Seeing Frank and Pout in her world was kind of scary. They were part of a different life. Still, she was glad to have them at the invitational. Haley was thrown for a shock when that girl dumped a soda all over her. That was for Worlds. Seriously? She then remembered something else she'd forgotten about the gymnastics world. It was wasn't very forgiving. It seemed the world was out to get her that day. Not only did Mina and Wei Wei hate her for some unknown reason, but her mom had to show up. Not only that, but she also had the nerve to suggest Haley go back to training with DeFrank. When Haley pointed out that she couldn't train for someone who didn't respect her, her mom revealed that Burt only took her because her father was paying five times what everyone else was. So, when she messed up during her beam routine, Haley did what she did best: walking out. Burt came after her and started shouting all this crap about how she couldn't make this another Worlds. She wanted to punch him. What the fuck did he know about Worlds? What did anyone else know about Worlds? Then he started saying the same crap her mom said about her training with DeFrank, and Haley lost it. She revealed her secret and watched as Burt reacted. She brushed off his apologies. Haley was sick of adults lying to her. Of course, this also meant she was thrown for a loop when the judge wrote her that letter. Someone, someone who shouldn't even like her, had pointed out that she deserved a clean slate. No one had ever offered that to her, and it meant a lot to Haley that Burt thought she deserved that. What really helped her decide what she wanted was the fact the damages were paid off. This time, Haley trained for herself. She trained because she loved her sport and wanted to kick ass for her coach and time. Nationals were nerve racking to be sure. It had been a while since she'd entered that gym. Seeing Trisha didn't help. Apparently, the blonde still hadn't forgiven her for Worlds. The judges seemed to be constantly comparing the two, and Haley could see why. She and Trisha were opposites. Trisha was consistent but traditional, and Haley was unpredictable and innovative. It was the classic old versus new battle of gymnastics. Haley hadn't meant to start a trend by scratching her vault. She just knew that Mina had deserved a higher score. She nearly died of shock when Joanne started to strut down to the vault. More gymnasts followed. The general consensus they all came to was this: if they picked the winner, the judging would be fair. Of course, the judges and coaches tried to fight this, but it was beyond them. The gymnasts united were stronger. Though the plan hit a snag at the beam, Haley still thought Wei Wei's routine kicked ass. She had never seen anything like that on beam before. She hoped someone got a picture of the judges' faces. When Haley stepped up on the mat for her floor routine, she felt nervous but exhilarated. After a quick pep talk from Burt, she was ready to go. Haley did what she did pass, throwing her tricks as hard as she could and just loving what she was doing. Some would later call it the comeback moment of her career, but for Haley, it was just freedom. She hadn't even cared about the score she was given, but apparently, Trisha did. Her ex-teammate got up to the mat, but instead of starting her routine, she pulled out her bra straps and scratched. So yes, gymnastics had its flaws, and Haley couldn't ignore them. But, as she came to realize after Nationals, maybe she didn't need to. Maybe she could fix them, or maybe she could just accept the fact that while gymnastics had flaws, it also had its assets to. And Haley Graham wouldn't have gymnastics any other way. ","Summary":" Haley Graham was at the top of the world. She was fifteen and on the U.S. team for the World Champi"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"The War of the Worlds","Author":"GummyBearParade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7206443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, I watched Stick It for the first time a few days ago and I am totally in love with it, but the FF archive for it is pathetically small. I had to contribute. I don't own Stick It. Haley's life was anything but normal. That was the understatement of the century. Sure, she was an elite gymnast at World Championships, and everyone considered her a shoo-in for the gold, but she didn't feel happy with it. Yeah, she liked the feeling of flipping through the air and defying gravity for a few seconds, then sticking the landing perfectly and inhaling the crowd's cheers, but she didn't like being judged on the minutest of details, something the judges were very excited to do. She didn't like very many things about gymnastics barring the flipping. First, her teammates. Or gym-sharers, or something. They weren't friends. Joanne Charis. She was a diva. An irritating diva. She was the prom queen/popular girl of the DeFrank gym—always wearing her pink leos and sparkly makeup to look down her nose at you. She wasn't as talented as Haley, which she never hesitated to complain about, and she almost always had tantrums when things didn't go her way. Trisha Skilken. She was annoying. If Joanne was the diva, she was the perfectionist with a mean streak. She was good, almost as good as Haley (not that Haley liked to brag) and she was one of the favorites for the medal at Worlds and going to the Olympics. And however nice she seemed on the outside of the gym, once you got inside, you forgot that she had a nice side, since she drove them all to insanity with phrases like \"our opportunity\" or \"this is my chance\" or \"this time we'll get it\" or \"just one more time\". It was nauseating. And if we're on the topic of what made Haley annoyed, she had a few more things to say. Her coach was stupid. Say what you want, but Chris DeFrank was not a good coach. He never showed them what they needed to do—they just stumbled along until he said that it was perfect. And then they promptly stopped because they knew, deep down, that something about what he told them didn't feel right. A lot of his clients had broken bones. And he wasn't very nice to them. Haley didn't know how he could go all day yelling like that. He must have vocal cords of steel. He, like Trisha Skilken, was two-sided—in public and on interviews after they won medals, he was sweeter than honey, all compliments and \"oh, we're just glad to be here. We're just going to do our best and hope it's enough.\" Back at the gym, though, he was constantly criticizing how they stood, or how they ran, or how they jumped. Every single girl at the gym rolled their eyes whenever he said that he \"just wanted them to do their best. If they don't win, it's okay.\" Yeah, right. Haley didn't see how someone as mean and unhelpful as him turned out as many champion gymnasts as he did. It didn't make sense. And then the big one—Haley didn't have a life. No, really. Every day she was practicing jumps and flips and anything gymnastics; most nights she was doing handsprings 'til she died. She got up at six, balanced on the beam for a while, then got ready for school. After school she was back in the gym, perfecting her routines and ignoring everyone else. When she was done for the night, she fell into bed and immediately was sleeping, getting ready to start again the next day. School wasn't even school. School was homeschooling in a small room off the gym at DeFrank's. There was a tutor and everything. But at least Haley didn't have to worry about the homeschooling—she had gotten her GED a few months before Worlds, and was eager to have the days off. Not necessarily for more gym time, but so she could maybe go out and actually do something and meet someone. Haley pulled her pants on over her leo and sat down on the bench. Her beam routine had just gone well, though she had been a little shaky on a few landings. She wondered where Chris was. He was usually there to congratulate them on not totally failing at something, but he wasn't that time. Haley shrugged it off and went to find a bathroom, ignoring Trisha's spotless beam performance. She walked through the—what was it called—lobby?—of the building and passed an alcove. It was shrouded in darkness. There were voices coming from it. She didn't want to investigate, but she had found a bathroom, and to get to it she would have to pass right in front of the alcove. Honestly, she didn't care who was in it, but she was mildly curious. What she heard made her stop in her tracks. \"Alice, you need to tell Brice about us. He's getting suspicious.\" \"I know, Chris, but I don't want Haley to know. She's almost to the Olympics and she needs to focus.\" \"She does. But she doesn't have to know anything. Just tell Brice and keep it from her until after we find out if she's going to the Olympics, then tell her. She doesn't deserve to be kept in the dark.\" Then there was the unmistakable sound of making out. But Haley wasn't hearing that. She was hearing her coach and her mom talking about their affair. And that was the breaking point. She was done with gymnastics. She was done with Joanne and Trisha \"complimenting\" her when they really wanted to grind her into dust; she was done with Chris and all his stupid-coaching, mom-kissing glory; she was done with not having a life. She was leaving. Not going back for her coat, Haley ripped the number off her back and grabbed her bag of stuff. Chin held high, she walked out the doors, knowing that it would take nothing short of the end of the world before she would go back to DeFrank and gymnastics. Yeah...somehow this sounded a lot better in my head. But whatever. Please review! Alex ","Summary":" So, I watched Stick It for the first time a few days ago and I am totally in love with it, but the "},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"The Whisper","Author":"ForeverSmiling15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8192175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She woke up to the sound of cheering and happiness. Too much happiness. It wasn't right. As Summer entered the room, she felt as though the whole world around her just stopped. Everyone looking at her like they'd seen a ghost. She gave an awkward smile, hoping it would get people back to how they were. It didn't. Before she could even blink, she had people rushing at her saying things like \"are you sure you shouldn't be resting?\" and \"here, I'll get you a drink, sit down\". All the attention and being looked after like she was 5, just made her feel even worse. Oh, I suppose I should probably tell you what's going on. I'm Susan, Summer's mother. I'm here because, well, why don't I just tell you the whole story, right from the start? Well, it had been a long week, school was finishing for the summer holidays and we were all stuffed and just ready to flake out. Summer had just turned 18 and got her licence, and she decided to take the whole family on a trip for the summer, to celebrate her adulthood and to get us away from it all. It was fantastic to spend the whole summer away from school and work and just be together with my two wonderful daughters. The girls had never really had much to do with their father, since they were both only young when we split up, and he moved away to New York and we never really heard from him since. We lived in a small Town called Painswick, in England. The girls grew up there but John decided to go back to where he came from when we split. It was around a two hour drive between the beach and Painswick so we ended up leaving the beach and heading for home at around 7pm, after dinner. It was almost dark by then so I had to remind Summer to put the headlights on. About half an hour down the road, she decided she would let me drive. We pulled over on the side of the road and switched sides. \"We all clear on your side?\" I asked Summer. \"Yep, all good mum.\" She sounded pretty confident so I pulled out. Little did we know there was a log truck coming right towards us. Charlie was sitting on the passenger side behind Summer. \"MUUUM TRUCK! TRUCK! MUM!\" my first instinct was to slam on the brakes, but the truck did the same and rolled straight over the top of us. 'my girls' I did think it was odd to have woken up in no pain. All I could hear was screaming and sirens. All I could see was smashed glass, pieces of car, and blood surrounding me. Charlie was awake but Summer had her eyes closed. I was scared. Then I realised, Charlie was saying something. \"Mum. Mum.\" She muttered under her bloody mouth. I couldn't bear to see my girls in pain and looking like that. \"It's ok I'm here, you're going to be ok\" \"mum, answer me mum\" said worried Charlie. I leaned down to undo my seatbelt and I had this weird sensation as my hand went straight through the belt. Then it hit me. I wasn't alive anymore.[Chapter 2] All I could do was panic. I didn't know exactly what to do. I had a million thoughts going through my mind at once, like ' how will my kids grow up without me, I hope Summer wakes up, will I ever see them again?' I decided to try and get them to hear me. \"hello? Anyone! Someone help me!\" I screamed my absolute loudest. ' This is pointless' suddenly I heard a voice I didn't recognise. \"can ya' keep your voice down? I'm tryin' to watch TV here.\" I got a fright, then I looked where the voice was coming from and I saw a man with white, waxed, combed hair, that looked about 50. He was wearing what looked to be a business suit, and watching TV through a shop window. \"Hey! Can you help me please! My kids, their hurt!\" The man gave an evil sort of snigger as if I was stupid or something. \"Ha yeah, good luck getting me to help, we're both dead, there's nothing either of us can do. You're just going to have to live with i... be dead with it\" He turned around and grinned at me. I looked over and there were men and women everywhere in paramedic and police suits. I immediately looked over to see who was helping the girls. They were gone. I panicked. I felt like I was going round in circles trying to find them. Then I realised that in my mess, they'd already been taken away. ' I wasn't with them, I don't know how they are. They should be with their mother' \"hey you! Where have they taken my kids?\" I screamed at the mysterious man. \"Dah, where they take them all, my house.\" \"What? I'm not playing games here! My kids need me!\" \"Bit late for that now.\" Sniggered the man. It went quiet. I wasn't quite sure what to say to that. \"OK, look, in case you haven't noticed, I am dead and my children currently have no mother. I would kindly appreciate it if you would tell me where they are.\" It went quiet. \"OK my show's finished, sure I'll take you there. Hop on my back.\" \". . . What?\" I was stunned. \"Do you want to see you or your children ever again?\" I sighed as I hesitantly climbed upon his back. I watched the world flash past me in a millisecond. Then we arrived at the hospital and the man casually dropped me off his back and I landed on the ground with a thud. Then he piped up \"oh, I'm so very sorry. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is sir Lucas Raw, forma owner of this palace. \" He said with a splutter at the word 'palace,' as if he hated saying it. He started walking towards the entry of the hospital and gestured me with his pale hand to follow him. We arrived at the girl's room to hear the nurse talking quietly to the head doctor. \"What's she saying?\" I whispered to Lucas, who was sitting quietly on a chair in the hall humming a tune that seemed to be 'she'll be coming 'round the mountain.' \"Hmm?\" he looked up. \"Oh, just go and stand next to her. You surely won't miss anything.\" He said confidently. \"Trust me, I've been doing it for years.\" He grinned at me. I walked over there slowly. I nearly gagged at the sight of my two beautiful daughters lying in pain. All thanks to me. I got as close as I could to the nurse. \"we have to tell them.\" She said quietly as she looked guiltily over at summer, laying with a cut to her forehead, her left arm in a cast and her eyes closed, and Charlie, laying there looking around and hugging her favourite pink bunny that she never went anywhere without. The bunny had some blood smudges on it, it made me sick. The next thing I knew, the nurse was walking over towards Summer, she coughed and slowly opened her eyes to see the nurse sitting next to her bed holding her hand. The first thing that came out of Summer's mouth was \"mum?\" My heart sank. 'She needs her mother' \"no darling.\" Said the nurse. \"Your mother… she… didn't make it.\" They are some of the many words a mother dreads. \"No mum, no!\" Summer started to cry as the nurse tried to comfort her, best she could. Charlie started to worry. \"Summer, what's wrong?\" Said worried little 8 year old Charlie. 'she shouldn't have to go through this'[Chapter 3] Charlie didn't really react much when the nurse told her. It was almost like she still hadn't clicked to how real it was. I turned around and saw that Lucas was now over at a bed covered with a plastic sheet. He saw me walking towards him and stepped back and let me forward, toward the bed. \"Go on, have a look, you know you want to.\" Said Lucas, as he placed his pale skinned hand on my shoulder to comfort me. I looked under the cover at my blood covered body. It didn't look like me. I decided that all this moping around wasn't going to do any good. \"So what do you ghosts do around here for fun while you wait for your loved ones to recover?\" I asked him. It was quiet for a minute, then he said, \"right this way, I'll show where we all 'chill.'\" Emphasis to the word 'chill.' He led me down two flights of narrow stairs. We passed a few doctors flying through on the way. Once we turned at the third flight, we walked through a corridor and passed a couple of groups of sad looking people and some patients moving through in their wheelchairs. One of them looking relatively happy and smiling at us as we walked passed. Once we were at the end of the corridor, I followed him to the left and we arrived at the cafeteria. There were people everywhere. Sad people, happy people, the works. I even saw a few crying of pure happiness. ' Some of us aren't so lucky.' There was something not right about some of these people, then I saw someone go through a shining archway and then both the person and the archway disappearing before anyone else had the chance to get through. 'That is not normal.' Lucas looked at me, \"I suppose you're wondering what that was?\" he pointed towards where the elderly women had gone through the archway. It was like he read my mind but. I nodded slowly, still not quite knowing what was going on. \"I guess you have heard all that stuff about ghosts going into the light? Well, that's what she was doing.\" \"But, what are the rest of you doing here?\" \"Some of us have done bad things and don't deserve that kind of 5 star treatment. As for others, like me, we just have unfinished business down here on earth. My wife has been on life support in this hospital for five years.\" He seemed a little upset about that and quickly changed subjects. \"Oh, you must meet Tyler, he's been here for as long as I can remember.\" \"Not that that's much anymore.\" He said with a cheeky grin. \"Lovely to meet you madam.\" He held his hand out to shake, \"I'm Susan\" I shook his hand. He seemed to be quite a gentleman. He was wearing a dark grey suit and bow tie, and had blond curls. He looked to be about in his thirties. 'So this is where they all 'chill.'' I was in my own little world and looking around when Lucas suddenly tapped me on the shoulder. \"Listen, someone else is about to be one of us, I can feel it.\" He whispered. The whole room seemed to go eerily silent, except for the cafeteria lady and a couple of drowsy customers that had clearly been up all night. I looked around and then noticed a young women and her baby walking out of the corridor. She looked pale, sick and lost. About how I felt. She looked around and looked generally afraid to see so many people (ghosts) looking at her. \"I felt bad for the girl and rushed over.\" 'Wow, I didn't know I could go that fast. I think I'm going to get used to this ghost thing.' \"Ah, hi. I'm Susan. Trust me, they aren't as scary as they look, and I've only been here a few hours. It gets better.\" I tried to comfort her. She tried for a smile but it only half came out. After a few seconds, everyone had gotten back to their conversations and a few other people had introduced themselves to the young girl. She was looking a bit more comfortable now. It was at that moment that I felt someone coming towards the room. 'Now I know what he means about feeling things coming.' It's a weird feeling, unexplainable.I looked towards the door and saw a group of people who looked extremely distraught, I could feel their pain. I watched them as they walked in and realised how the young newcomer was looking at them. 'That's her family.' It just made me think about how my girls were and how much I missed them. I can't believe I forgot about them. I rushed back through the corridor, back up the two flights of stairs, I wouldn't know what I had passed, I was practically flying. I don't know how I did it. It kind of just happened. I arrived at the girls' room in around 5 seconds. I looked in and saw that they both had tear streaks dried up on their scratched faces, but were both resting peacefully. 'The hospital is peaceful, just like death.' ","Summary":" She woke up to the sound of cheering and happiness. Too much happiness. It wasn't right. As Summer "},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"Life of gymnastics","Author":"Pink.PonyBlue.Dog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5184614","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HeynGuys! This is Szabo. Just FYI, this is MY firstnstory, so be nice… I mean, seriously!!! If you didn't know, I amnin LLOOVVEE with gymnastics. (If you didn't know that this lastnstatement is true, READ OUR PROFILE!!!) So obviously, I am going tonwrite something about gymnastics. Therefore, when you're lookingnfor something to read and you come across a gymnastics story made bynus, (.dog) READ IT!! I took in a deep breathnwaiting for the national judge to signal my turn to start my barsnroutine. \"It's just another routine\", I whispered tonmyself, but it wasn't; it was Worlds. Everybody chose me to show mynbar routine after they all scratched on the other three events. \"Whatnare these crazy people trying to do?\" I heard the three judgesnmumble to each other when I saluted. \"Is she actually going to do anroutine or scratch like everyone else?\" The only reason why we allnwere scratching like this is just to show the judges our point on hownthey are prejudice. I started my routine while all of the judgesnwatched in amazement, knowing the fact that I was actually doing anroutine better than they thought. Flying and turning in the air, Inknew that I got first place, and helped my teammates make their pointnabout judging easily and gracefully. When I stuck my dismount, thenaudience rose to their feet and cheered like crazy. My job now was tonwait until awards where I would get honored and famed…' Haley Graham, age ten,nsimultaneously lay in her bed dreaming about these people whonexecuted tricks for judges while her father, Bill Graham, read thenstory above about Nastia Liukin, a famous gymnast. After he kissednHaley goodnight and walked out of her room, she thought to herself: whonwould ever want to do a stupid sport like gymnastics? The next morning duringnbreakfast, Bill greeted his daughter and asked if she had anythingnplanned for the afternoon. Hesitantly, Haley replied in denial andnwaited for her father's news. \"Good,\" Bill stated, \"then atnfive tonight, you are going to take a gymnastics class downtown atnWOGA. I did some research and I found out that Nastia Liukin belongsnthere and she will be teaching your class. Nastia was in the storynfrom last night, remember?\" Before a reply, Haley stomped out ofnthe kitchen, furious and depressed by the fact that her father signednher up for the worst sport without even telling her. Sitting in hernlocked room, she counted the time. Seconds turned to minutes, whichnturned to hours...time ticked away. She had to find a way to avoidnthis treacherous gymnastics practice. Thinking for hours, the onlynidea that came to Haley's mind was to pretend to go, while innreality, hang around in the parent viewing section for the two hours.nHowever, knowing her father, that plan would not be possible becausenhe would be willing to watch her. There were twenty minutes until thentwo had to leave, and still no ideas came to Haley's mind. Nothingncame to Haley in those twenty minutes. Therefore, she had no choicenbut to participate in the gymnastics classes at WOGA. Nastia Liukin POV My class of twentynchildren, mainly consisting of about four to six year olds excitedlynjumped in through the door of the gym. However, there was onenexception to this class- a girl about age ten or eleven. She did notneven have the slightest bit of enthusiasm within coming. I startednclass with warm-ups, continued by stretches, and ending withnpracticing beam. It was 7o'clock whennclass ended and the ten year old girl got hurt. Apparently she wasntrying to walk on the beam, but she tripped and fell head-first onnthe floor. Everybody gathered around her to see if she was okay, butnshe didn't move nor breathe at all. Quickly, the assistants at thendesk tried to call the ambulance, but nobody picked up the phone.nHence, one person in the gym was left to take care of her. So people, how was that? Tell me in a REVIEW!!! :P[Chapter 2] Hello again!! I took in consideration of how many views my story had and decided to write another chapter!! However, there were only 2 real reviews. Because of this, I'm not as motivated to write more chapters. So REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW!!!! Nastia Liukin POV The most experienced person in the gym to handle these kinds of injuries wasn't the coaches, or the higher level gymnasts, or even my father- who helped me through many of my own injuries. It was me. To complete this arduous task, I first had to think back to whenever I had a corresponding fall. However, never have I ever fell when landing on my head. When this had happened to me it was when I competed at states and fell off the beam by only turning 3/4 of a layout. All the bones in my chest were badly bruised, therefore, ambulance rushed to the gym to quickly send me to the emergency room. I signaled to the office to try calling the hospital again while I preformed a quick procedure that checks if any bones are broken. It wasn't the fact that a couple of bones were broken which made a wave of worry wash around me. The radiologist informed me that Haley suffered from a memory loss so she couldn't remember her fall or any information she gained from the past couple months. While going back to the gym, I noticed many police cars gathered in the parking lot. I wondered what it could be and wandered in the gym, pretending like nothing is happening. I spot policemen talking to my father, the manager of WOGA. I waited until after everyone was gone to find out the news. \"They're going to sue us if an injury like this ever occurs again,\" my father said worriedly. \"How much\" I inquired? \"Too much.\" He joked. \"Then we have to make sure this never happens again.\" \"How?\" I stared at him and hesitated, \"How many people do you know that are as clumsy as Haley Graham?\" He stared back at me. I knew he knew what I was thinking. Please review or that might send me a message to not continue!! So please, please review!! ","Summary":" HeynGuys! This is Szabo. Just FYI, this is MY firstnstory, so be nice… I mean, seriously!!! If you "},{"Movie":"Ghost","Title":"Slices of Afterlife","Author":"ShakespeareFreak","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11901276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EDIT: Now with a shiny new title! (Formerly Mending Fences .) DISCLAIMER: Ghost and all related characters and events belong to Bruce Joel Rubin, Jerry Zucker, and Paramount Pictures. This is a not-for-profit work. I am not making any money, nor am I attempting to negatively affect the market for any of the materials shown, or take proceeds from their creators, but rather to expand the fanbase and keep the pre-existing fanbase strong. RATING: K+ (for ideologically sensitive material; in future chapters, may contain minimal violence, some minor suggestive adult themes, and some coarse language. Also, character death, but mostly in the past tense.) Note: This rating may change to T in the future. Contains a lot of my own personal beliefs concerning the afterlife, many of which do not mesh with any established religion's teaching, and some of which may be considered offensive. Read at your own risk. CHARACTERS FEATURED: Carl Bruner, Sam Wheat, Molly Jensen, Oda Mae Brown SPOILER WARNING: Contains Spoilers for Ghost. AUTHOR'S NOTES: Though some of the \"Slices\" (vignettes) relate to one other, or even continue a narrative, they are not in chronological order. There is a reason for this. \"Sam?\" Sam had been expecting it for a while now, ever since he'd learned how these things worked. So when the casual hum of conversation around him died away, and one by one his newfound companions focused on a spot behind him, he wasn't really all that surprised. As his companions quietly slipped away, a voice spoke up behind him, with only the slightest hitch of hesitation: \"…Sam?\" Apprehension and hope warred in that one word. Sam didn't need to turn around to know exactly who that voice belonged to; once, it had been almost as familiar to his ears as Molly's and his own. Nothing could have prepared him for the rush of memories, both good and bad, that all-too-familiar voice would cause. Of course he'd known this moment would come. But he'd had no idea how he was going to deal with it when it did. Now, he discovered he still didn't. Still without turning to face the voice's owner, Sam closed his eyes with a soft sigh and forced himself to say something. \"Hello, Carl.\"[Chapter 2] Interlude: Time The problem with humans and Time is, most humans perceive Time as a straight line, when actually it's not like that at all. It's actually more of a huge, never-ending spiral that crosses over itself a lot. But human brains aren't equipped to handle that, so they don't. The problem with dead humans and Time is even worse. When humans die, they move outside of Time as well as Space, so that everything—past, present, future—is all sort of happening at once. But since they're used to understanding Time as a straight progression from Point A to Point B, they choose to look at events as if they were still in a \"proper order.\" Dead humans rarely realize that they are doing this, except when every once in a while they perceive an event out of sequence. Worst of all, though, would be trying to explain the exploits of dead humans—say, a couple of deceased bankers from New York City and their associates, just for example—to an audience of living humans. Because then you'd have to explain a bunch of events all happening simultaneously, but appearing to happen in a more or less linear fashion to the principal characters, in a way that somehow makes sense to those who think Time only flows one way, in order. Yeah, that'd be tricky.[Chapter 3] Photographs Photographs on a mantle somewhere: There's the one in Reno, of course. Also a Polaroid that Molly took with an old camera, on a whim, during their do-it-yourself renovation of the loft she and Sam never had a chance to grow old together in. It's blurry, and looks even blurrier because of all the dust floating in the air, but it's the last photo of all three of them together before everything went wrong. This picture was thrown out a long time ago, because Carl was in it; but it's there on the mantelpiece, all the same. In another picture that was long since destroyed in the mortal realm, a college-age Carl and Molly, pre-Sam, grin at the camera, arms companionably around each other's shoulders. They both have longer hair in it; Molly has a red hair band, and flecks of clay on her cheeks, more smeared on her nose. Carl is looking more at Molly than the camera, a touch of faint longing in his eyes. Molly, however, is flush with youth and drive and the infinite prospects of the future ahead of her, and is oblivious to anything more than friendship in the look. In another photo, Molly and Oda Mae, both in swimsuits, are standing on a beach, squinting slightly against the sunlight, posing for the stranger who'd agreed to take their photograph. This is the first photo taken after Sam's death that Molly is genuinely smiling in. In yet another, Oda Mae, probably age 50 or 55, is sipping coffee in Molly's kitchen, and smiling tolerantly at Molly, who is behind the lens, excitedly experimenting with her new digital camera. There are other photos, though, too; newer additions. They show Carl and Oda Mae, caught on candid camera, laughing at something together; they show Sam grinning and waving in swim trunks on a dock somewhere, while Molly trails her feet in the lake and Oda Mae sits in a deck chair reading under a sun umbrella; they show various combinations of Sam and Molly and Carl and Oda Mae with Oda Mae's sisters and their husbands, and her nieces and great-nieces and -nephews, who have become like family to all of them. The very first of these newer ones was Carl's idea: near the beginning, he'd come over with a remote camera and a tripod, and insisted on photographing the four of them together. In this photo, Sam grins easily at the camera over Molly's shoulder, one leg casually on a chair; Oda Mae gives a small, knowing smile; Molly, next to Carl and still not entirely happy or comfortable with his presence, beams a faux-bright \"Say Cheese!\" grin; and Carl, behind Oda Mae, looks gawky and awkward, and both ridiculously pleased and slightly amazed that everyone actually agreed to this and he's included. He looks so unlike the suave, successful businessman he still sometimes tries too hard to be; he looks like Carl. Though none of them had realized it at the time, this was in some ways the real beginning of something new and strange and wonderful, something that none of them could have anticipated, but had occurred despite all probability: a true friendship between the four of them. This picture is in the very center of the mantle, with the memories spilling out on either side, laughter and tears preserved forever on glossy pages pressed behind glass panes, into infinity.[Chapter 4] \" I'm Here\" Over two decades after Sam's death, Molly got sick. The kind of sick some people never recover from. Sam and Carl watched over her in shifts, one or both of them always there. First at home, then at the hospital. They watched as she grew thinner and paler, as her hair fell out from the chemotherapy. Oda Mae came and visited Molly almost every day, but she could hear neither of the spirits. They weren't ghosts now; their \"unfinished business\" was finished. Sam's heart ached. When it was his turn to watch Molly, he'd hold her hand and kiss her forehead, whisper gentle words and recollect happy memories. She couldn't feel his kisses, couldn't hear his words, but he hoped that somehow, she knew. Carl's feelings were considerably more complex. During his shifts, he at first sat still and silent, only watching her, his brow creased in contemplation. But then, one day, he broke, and the words flew out of him all at once: How much he missed her. How he wished she knew he'd truly cared for her, for Sam. How desperately sorry he was, how he'd give anything to take it all back. He repeated these things again and again, knowing she heard none of it. One night, near the end of Carl's shift, Molly was sleeping. Oda Mae was slumped in a nearby chair, her head resting on her chest, snoring gently. Carl was half-asleep himself, his eyes almost closed, his mind drifting (he didn't need to sleep, of course, not anymore; but old habits die hard), when Molly suddenly sat up. She looked intently around the room, as if searching for something. Then, after a long, pregnant pause, she moistened her lips and whispered hopefully, \"…Sam?\" Carl, who had been watching her curiously, smiled sadly and shook his head. \"Sorry, Moll, it's just–\" But Molly was already shaking her head, dismissing the thought. She closed her eyes, like a person listening for some faint, faraway sound. She frowned in confusion. Then her breath caught. \"…Carl?…\" Carl could have sworn he felt his heart leap into his throat, despite no longer possessing either throat or heart. For a beat he sat frozen in utter shock, the sheer volume of the things he wanted, needed to say choking him. Then, the words came, all in a rush: \" Yes! Yes, Molly, it's me, I'm here–\" But Molly was once again shaking her head, more forcefully this time, as if trying to shake the very idea from her mind. A crooked, humorless smile was on her lips. \"Of course not…\" she muttered under her breath. She looked upset with herself for even thinking it. Carl leapt forward. \" No! No, Molly, it is me, it's me, I'm here!\" He looked up to see Sam standing nearby. \"Did you hear her?\" he asked excitedly. \"She said my name, she knows I'm here!\" He turned back to Molly, smiling desperately, as if sheer denial of the situation would make her hear him. \"Molly, it's me, it's Carl, I'm here …\" The shrill note of pleading urgency became clearer through the forced cheerfulness in Carl's voice. \"I'm sorry, it was my fault, but I'm here now , so please…\" His voice cracked into a suppressed sob. \"I'm here, I'm here, I'm right here …\" He trailed off, his head hanging hopelessly. Sam said quietly, \"It's frustrating, isn't it?\" Carl's eyes widened slightly. He bit his lip. After a long pause, he nodded. \"…yeah…\" Sam put his hand silently on Carl's shoulder, offering a small smile. Together, they stood and watched as Molly fell back asleep. ","Summary":" EDIT: Now with a shiny new title! (Formerly Mending Fences .) DISCLAIMER: Ghost and all related cha"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"Stick It","Author":"biggs1997","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11584430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After a great competition, my phone has been ringing off the hook. I cannot believe colleges are actually recruiting me. Never in a million years would I have thought I would be looking into college. Hell, I don't know if I would make it through high school. But collegiate coaches wanting me is pushing me to do my best in school so I can make it into college. \"\"Will you go to a big college and make lots of hot friends so I can come visit?\" says Poot with excitement. \"You have Joanne, Poot,\" I say, rolling my eyes. \"Well…. She doesn't have to know,\" Poot shyly says. \"Get out of here,\" I laugh. So let's just say, I actually took time out of my summer to visit the colleges that most interested me. I went to some pretty cool places and met a lot of awesome coaches. I never knew picking a college would be so hard. But of course, I had Poot by my side the whole time. I think he went on those visits for himself, but that is typical with him. This whole college thing has really opened my eyes a lot. I thought this process would be easy. But in reality, it is the most stressful thing. Do I want to be close to my friends? Do I want to go across the country? Do I want a huge school or a small one? Do they have what I want to study? Is the gymnastics team decent? What is their facility like? Is the coach cool or mean as hell? WHY IS THIS PROCESS SO DIFFICULT?! After spending my summer traveling and talking to many recruiters, I think I know where I want to go. But now is the time to start focusing on Worlds. The rest of my practice days are going to be different. I am going to be there every day giving 110% effort. I actually want to leave an impression on all these haters. I am going to show them what I am made up and make up for walking out before. Yeah, that is crazy coming out of my mouth. But hey, people change. Sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse. I already through my worse stage, so now time to start on the next. I have a week and a half of practice until the big meet. I am the talk of the week. Everyone has their opinions on whether or not I am reliable enough to compete. But little do they know, I am out to get them. I am not going to let anything bring me down. I know I have talent and I am going to show them what I got. I walk into practice this week and the atmosphere is intense. This is a hell of a meet and we have to be top notch. \"Ladies, no fooling around this week. We are training to win. Joanne, that means no thinking about prom or boys. Mina and Wei Wei no more chocolate. Hayley, well, you know. Let's have fun today, ladies!\" Vic says sarcastically.[Chapter 2] The day is finally here. Two years ago I walked out on my team and costed them the gold. Yes, I still feel the hate from people about that, especially Trisha. I am so nervous. I honestly don't know if I can do this. \"Hayley Graham is back at Worlds. Remember just two years ago she walked out before floor and cost team USA the gold medal,\" the announcer kept going on about Hayley's mistake, \"You saw Trisha crying as her dreams faded away. Graham sure does have courage to come back into this building and compete one more time.\" The announcers sure do know how to get under my skin. \"Hayley, don't worry about them. You have what it takes to be a champion now. You have to prove it to them,\" Vic says with frustrated. \"Ok ladies. The time is here. It is your time to shine. I am just so proud of everyone for making it this far.\" Of course, he would come pull me aside now. I really don't want to talk now. \"Hayley, come here.\" \"Yes Coach?\" I really hate when he says that. \"I just want you to go out there and show them you can do it. I believe in you,\" Vic says with a whole a lot of heart. \"Thanks Coach. I will do my best.\" \"Ok ladies. Warm up for your first event has begun,\" the announcer says enthusiastically over the intercom. Vault was up first. I loved vault. I loved it because I can put all my anger and frustration into the table. I run at it like a freight train and I have so much power I just fly right off of it like I want to. \"Joanne,\" the judge raises her hand to signal Joanne that it is her turn.\" \"Come on Joanne! You got this! Go girl!\" Everyone is cheering on the team as the competition begins. I remember when I first came to VGA. I thought Joanne was the biggest bitch ever. Well, I still think she is, but I kinda like her now. \"Hayley Graham,\" the judge actually gave me a nice smile. Maybe they have changed. I cannot believe I am actually here, at worlds competing once again. \"Way to go Hayley!\" I here Vic, along with everyone cheering at me as I stuck an incredible vault. \"After the first rotation, team USA is just short of being in first place thanks to incredible vaults from both Joanne and Hayley. It is still early in the competition to predict what will happen,\" the announcer just keeps rambling on like all announcers do. \"Ok girls, bar is not one of our strong events. I want everyone to be tight and hit every single skill. Got it?\" \"Yes sir,\" everyone says. Mina is up first. She is always very consistent with her routine. She will be the one to hold us up on bars. \"Wow! What an incredible routine by VGA's own Mina!\" The announcer is filled with excitement. I am so proud off everyone so far! We are all doing so great and holding everything together. I am starting to realize how much I appreciate everyone who has helped me so far. \"Ladies and gentlemen. After two rotations, team USA is in 3rd place behind China in 2nd, and Germany in 1st.\" \"Now is the time to pick it up ladies. There is no reason why we should in 3rd place!\" Vic yells in frustration. Now is the time I start to get butterflies and emotional. Two years ago at Worlds is when I found out that my mom had an affair with my coach. \"Hayley,\" the judge waves me on. Oh no. I have that sick feeling in my stomach. Can I really do this right now? \"Let's go Hayley!\" Vic hollers at me. I can do this. I can do this. \"Hayley Graham puts out a nearly perfect beam routine! Let's see what her teammates can do,\" the announcer says. \"With the last and final rotation to go, team USA trails Germany by only a couple points. Will team USA be able to pull it off? Or will Hayley Graham walk out again like she did two years ago? I guess we will have to wait and see,\" the announcer says with concern on his voice. \"Let it go, Hayley. Focus on yourself,\" Vic says. \"Yeah, whatever,\" I say as I walk towards the bathroom. By this point, I cannot help the tears from falling. All I can think about was this time two years ago. \"Hayley?\" Poot is asking. \"Go away,\" I whisper with as much hatred as I could. \"Hayley, come out. What's wrong?\" Poot stands there looking at me, \"listen. You need to go back out there. You did not go back to the gym and practice for nothing. You obviously want this. Me, you, and everyone else all know you are starting to enjoy competing again. You are good Hayley. That is why colleges are looking at you. If you walk away now, you are not only going to let down your team, but mainly yourself,\" Poot says. \"You know what,\" I pause and think about it, \"You are right. I am going to go show them up. Thanks so much Poot!\" \"No prob, girl. Go get them out there!\" I know what everyone is thinking already. They are saying how nothing has changed with me. But when I walk out there, I am going to give them something to talk about. \"I knew you'd come back. You are up next. Saving the best show for last,\" Vic says with a big smile on his face. \"Wow, looks like Hayley Graham decided to stick around for this meet. Let's see how well she holds off and if she can guarantee the spot for team USA to get gold,\" says the announcer. As I look around at everyone around me, I realized something. Everyone believes in me. They believed in me even when I didn't. I never would have thought that Burt Vickerman would smile at me. I never would have thought that he would be the one to help me through these hard times. I cannot let them down again. \"Hayley,\" the judge raises her hand and gives me a little smile. \"Hayley!\" I turn to look at Vic, \"Floor it.\" I smile at him while I take my position. Here goes nothing. \"Come on Hayley!\" Everyone is screaming. I hear Wei Wei, Mina, Joanne, and even Trisha. \"What a phenomenal routine by Hayley Graham! She was determined to get back respect by everyone and that is exactly what she did. If she gets a high enough score, she will win floor and team USA will take home the gold!\" the announcer continues, \"Did she do it? SHE DID! Hayley Graham, ladies and gentlemen, led team USA straight to the gold! Incredible!\" Everyone is screaming and shouting at me. I have never felt such an amazing feeling before. It is incredible. \"Hayley, I just want to let you know how proud of you I am. I believed in you through the whole thing, even at the very beginning when you kept butting heads with everyone. You are an outstanding gymnast, and I can't wait to see where that takes you,\" Vic is nearly in tears as he is telling me all this. \"Thanks, Vic. I really do appreciate everything you have done. I have amazing teammates and I am blessed to be able to have been a part of this team. I just want to say thank you again,\" I stop with a smile on my face,\" oh, and one more thing. I have thought long and hard about this. I, uh, I committed to U of A!\" \"You what!? That is awesome! Congrats!\" Mina and everyone else say with such excitement. \"I thought you were never going to do gymnastics again,\" Vic starts laughing. \"Never say never, Coach,\" \"Hayley, congratulations. I am glad you came back,\" Trisha says. \"Thanks,\" I could actually hear the sincerity in her voice. I am astounded at winning the gold medal. I can't believe I am a part of this right now. As a kid, I always loved gymnastics. I didn't know I would \"retire\" at such an early age. Then again, I didn't know I would come out of retirement and compete again. They say people don't deserve second chances. But I believe some do. Before all this happened, you wouldn't have thought I would be the one going out there today and competing like I did. I messed up my first shot at Worlds, but I got lucky enough to get a second chance. And I took it. In the long run, I am extremely happy I did. Like they say, you get what you give. And I finally gave it my all. ","Summary":" After a great competition, my phone has been ringing off the hook. I cannot believe colleges are ac"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"Kismet","Author":"Nirav","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5443021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Younwake up slowly, one eye cracked only the slightest bit againstnslatted lines of obscenely bright sunshine patterned across thenceiling. The entire room is filled with the distinctive smell ofnsweat and sex, shoving away the developing hangover-induced headachenin favor of grim thoughts at exactly what trouble you'd gottennyourself into this time, and that's when you realize that you don'tnhave the first clue where you are. Forcingnthe other eye open, you wince at the bright light reflecting off annequally bright white ceiling, hangover not entirely pushed away. nWith a single, slowly-released deep breath, you lick chapped lips andnprop yourself up on your elbows, looking around the room. A sinking,nsickening feeling that has nothing to do with the copious amounts ofnalcohol you must have consumed the night before settles in your gutnwhen you recognize the framed posters on the walls, the books on thendesk, the backpack tossed carelessly on the floor by the door to thencloset. You unwillingly let your eyes drift to your right,nhalf-hoping you were alone in the bed, and the feeling in your gutnspreads into your chest at the sight of a tousled blonde head half onnthe other pillow, resting more on folded arms, a tanned set of broadnshoulders and upper back exposed. \"Shit,\"nyou mutter, pressing the heel of one hand to your forehead andnwondering how you'd gotten yourself into this mess, struggling tonremember the previous night's events. Itnwas still early. Maybe not for the rest of the world, as a clock onnthe table next to you flashed 11:46 PM, but you're in college andnthe nights never start until midnight anyways. Music is poundingnaround you, people dancing drunkenly in front of you, a severelynintoxicated and severely stupid boy drooling at your gymnastics-tonednbody on the couch next to you, but you're simply staring moodilyndown into the plastic cup full of watery beer in your hand. Thenboy next to you leans closer, clumsily putting his arm around yournshoulders. You look at him sideways, one eyebrow raised,nexpressionless, and he finally gets the point. Years of practicenwhen you were younger had let you perfect a downright terrifyingnstare to direct at your opponents; it was similarly handy in wardingnoff intoxicated morons. \" Hey,\"nsomeone says, quietly enough that you barely hear it over the music. nThe couch cushions sink as someone sits down next to you, and younlook over in preparation to issue yet another death stare, only tonsee Mena sitting awkwardly, blonde hair let down from its usualnsevere ponytail, gripping tightly to a mostly-full beer bottle. \" Hey,\"nyou say, just as quietly. You see Mena all the time now, almost asnmuch as you did when you were both training together at Vick's,nbecause somehow you'd both ended up in Division I collegengymnastics at the same school three years ago; even so, you bothnbarely speak of anything of importance. Gymnastics is discussed, andnravings about the coaching staff; classes, occasionally. Youninteract in practice, having declared at the beginning of freshmannyear for all the team to hear that you were going to corrupt herneventually, and meet up a couple of times a week between classes andngot some coffee, breaking coach-regimented diet with coffee cake andndouble chocolate chip muffins while speaking of mindless things. nSometimes you see Frank with her, arm wrapped around her shoulders innhis consistently and annoyingly casual way. He'd buzzed off allnhis hair at some point. It looked good. \" How'dnyou end up here?\" You ask eventually, shifting slightly to face hernat least a little bit. Lack of serious interaction aside, you'vensomehow started considering her a friend, and despite yourndetermination to continue as everyone's favoritensarcastic-but-loveable asshole, you don't want to be rude. \" Mynsuitemate,\" she says, her eyes a little too wide. \"She's beennchasing some guy for about a week now, and decided that tonight wasnher night.\" \" Andnyou're her wingman?\" \" Somethingnlike that,\" Mena responds, taking a small sip of her beer. Youncan't help but smirk at the face she pulls at the taste of thenbeer. \" Notna big drinker, are you?\" It's a statement, not a question. \" Notnreally.\" She looks down at the bottle in her hand distastefully. \" Probablyndoesn't help that you're drinking shit beer,\" you remark,nsetting your own cup next to the flashing clock. You reach out andntake the bottle from her, shaking your head disdainfully at thenlabel. \" Inam?\" \" Unlessnyou like drinking the alcoholic equivalent to Wal-Mart brandnPepsi.\" Shengiggles, in her prototypical Mena way, and you can't help but grin. \" Younshould try real alcohol sometime. Something that actually tastesngood.\" \" Likenwhat?\" Younhesitate, evaluating her through level eyes, frustrations from thenentire week that had plagued you through the whole party forgotten. nShe meets your gaze, but only barely, wavering a bit like she alwaysndoes. You can't remember a time when she's stood up for herself. Younstand slowly, leaving the beer bottle abandoned with your own drink,nand grab her wrist, pulling her gently after you. The two of younleave the party in silence, grateful at the chilly silence of thennight as you lead her down the road a few blocks to where your ownnapartment sits, barely off campus, with a cabinet full of liquor andna fridge full of good beer. Younscrunch up your eyes, the memory going fuzzy. You know that you'dnbeen in a terrible mood, going to the party only because you'dnpromised a friend to make an appearance. Earlier that day, atnpractice, you'd face a vicious tongue-lashing from your coach, thenlikes of which you'd never experienced. You weren't used tonpeople in the gymnastics world not being in something akin to awe atnyour natural talent, your consistent ability to pick up trick afterntrick with minimal practice. The lecture had left you in a funk thenentire day, broody and moody through all your classes, throughnwalking to the party and staking out the couch. You look over at Menanagain. A wave of guilt hit you. Mena was Frank's. You'dnintroduced them. You'd encouraged Frank when he'd beennuncharacteristically hesitant at asking her out. You'd talked himnup to her nonchalantly during practices. He was Frank—yournbrother, your buddy, your best mate, the one who was always therensilently to help with whatever she needed, when even Poot failed tonhelp—and you'd gone and screwed his girlfriend. \"This isndisgusting!\" Mena exclaims, gagging. She pushes the bottle acrossnthe table, back towards where you sat, laughing. \"It grows onnyou,\" you say, taking a hearty swig of your own, relishing in thenburn that spread down your throat. \"Come on, try it again.\" nYou hold the bottle out to her, swirling the vodka around. \"Thisntime,\" you add, hopping out of your seat and grabbing a beer out ofnthe fridge, popping the top off expertly. \"Chase it.\" She looks at youndoubtfully, so very much the naïve Mena you've always known hernas, despite the fact that her eyes were starting to cloud thenslightest bit after her second shot. \"Go on,\" younsay encouragingly, smiling the same smile that got you out of troublentime and again, even at nineteen years old. She sighs, takingnthe two bottles, and takes a deep breath before swallowing anothernshot of vodka, spluttering once more, like the two times before. \"Chase it,\" younrepeat, motioning towards the beer bottle, and she does, taking anlong pull from it. \"See? Not so bad, is it?\" \"It'sndisgusting,\" she says again. \"It's like rubbing alcohol.\" \"The vodka is,\"nyou shoot back, shaking your head and reclaiming the bottle,nswallowing the equivalent of at least two shots. She offers you thenbeer, and you take it gratefully, chasing the rubbing alcohol down tonyour stomach, soothing the burn in your throat. \"But the beerndoesn't taste so bad anymore, does it?\" She blinks twice innher wide-eyed surprised way, your comment obviously unexpected. n\"You're right,\" she says, voice betraying her surprise, lookingncuriously at the beer in your hand. You give it back to her, goingnback to the fridge and pulling out the rest of the case. Mena stirs slightly,nwrapping her arms tightly around one the many pillows on the bed andnrolling onto her side, back to you, pillow pulled tight against hernfront. You freeze, holding your breath, hoping against hope that shendoesn't wake up. You walk her backnto her dorm building. You've both had plenty, splitting the casenof beer, but she's considerably more drunk than you. You've beenndoing this for years. She hasn't. You feel responsible for hernbeyond-smashed state, and know, somewhere in your drunken haze, thatnyou would feel like the biggest asshole on the planet if somethingnhappened to her on the walk home. So, you're walking her home,nhands tucked into your pockets casually as she rambles on about yourngymnastics coach. You wind up in herndorm suite, leaning against the wall in her single bedroom and askingnher how she'd been so lucky as to get a single room, when therenwere freshmen sleeping four to a two-person room. \"Coach,\" shensaid simply, stumbling slightly and plopping down on her bed. \"Shenwent and yelled at the housing people.\" She kicked her shoes off. n\"Said that she wanted the whole team to have their own rooms. nShe's confusing like that.\" You laugh, tornnbetween being surprised that your coach cared that much and beingnsurprised that she had that much sway. She was probably sleepingnwith someone, since you know she has all the persuasive powers of andead cat. Mena laughs with you, pushing herself to her feet again. \"Thanks,\" shensays. \"For walking me home.\" \"S'all good,\"nyou say, shoving your hands back in your pockets. You're both atnleast a bit unsteady on your feet. \"You can staynhere,\" she says suddenly, and immediately flushes bright red, likenalways. \"I mean... you can crash here, if you want. Since younwalked me home and all.\" \"Sure.\" Yourncasual and unhesitant acceptance surprised both of you. \"Thanks.\" Ten minutes later,nyou're lying on your back on her double bed, semi-aware of her nextnto you. You're half asleep when you hear her whisper your name,ndrawing you to look over. \"Yeah?\" \"Why were you madnearlier?\" You hesitate, thenquestion unexpected. \"Nothing major,\" you say, with forcednnonchalance. \"You're lying,\"nshe says, surprisingly candid with a third of a case of beer and somenvodka in her system. \"Who isn't?\"nyou shoot back, pleased with your philosophical response. She doesn'tnanswer for the longest time, and you think she's fallen asleep,nuntil you feel her shift onto her side, propped up on one elbow,nstaring at you. \"You can tell me,ny'know,\" she says. Her words are slurring together now, thoughnyou can't really tell if it's from the alcohol or her beingnsleepy or some combination of the two. You shift onto your rightnside, mirroring her position, one eyebrow raised skeptically. \"Youndon't have to,\" she adds, hiccupping unexpectedly, drawing angiggle from both of you. \"But you can. You're my friend.\" nShe hiccups again, clapping one hand over her mouth and flushing red.n She flops back onto her back, hands pressed over her face. Youncan't help but laugh. You both laugh fornwhat feels like forever, her hiccups inexplicably hilarious. You endnup lying on your side, staring at the blue sheets underneath younthrough half-lidded eyes. Mena has flopped down onto her stomach,nrolled right up next to you, watching you watch the wrinkle in thensheet that flutters the slightest bit every time you exhale. You'renstarting to drift off towards sleep, eyes closing a little more everynfew seconds, your entire body relaxing. It doesn't even registernwhen you feel the warmth seeping into your side, where you and Menanare somehow relaxing into one another. You look over atnher eventually. Her eyes are unfocused and half-closed, mouthnslightly open. The pillow shifts as you turn your head to look atnher, and she opens her eyes slightly, looking at you sleepily. Shensmiles, the same innocent and sweet smile you've seen her givenFrank so many times. Quitensuddenly, your alcohol-addled brain not moving fast enough to keep upnwith your rebellious body, you shift closer and kiss her. You pull away,nstopping the kiss as suddenly as it had started, leaving Mena layingnthere next to you, still, eyes closed. Her eyes flutter openednslowly, meeting your own. \"I…\" younstammered. \"I mean, I… sorry!\" You're talking louder thannyou probably need to. \"I'm sorry, I mean. I shouldn't have…nyou… I mean, you're w—\" She cuts yournbabbling off by abruptly kissing you, leaving you shocked intonsilence at the feeling of her lips pressing against yours with morenpressure and insistence than you ever would've expected fromnawkward, quiet Mena. Then again, you never would've guessed Menanto be one to take control of any situation, much less a veryncomprising, very drunken, very horizontal one. You can't stopnyourself from returning the kiss, letting your eyes slide shut as onenhand wanders to her hip of its own accord, two fingers hookingnlightly into one belt loop of her jeans, tugging her close. Youncan't stop yourself, despite your surprise at her actions, when younfeel an uncertain hand sliding under the hem of one of your trademarknt-shirts, fingers with the slightest tremble tracing your ribsnslowly. The last remaining sober part of your mind disappears whennshe shifts onto her back and pulls you on top of her, both handsnunder your shirt and traversing up and down the skin of your back;nyou move to taste the skin of her neck and lose all ability tonreason. Mena shifts in hernsleep again, and you jerk back to the present with a sharp inhalationnand a hand clapping over your mouth. She rolls onto her back, thenpillow still half-grasped in one arm, the other arm tugging the sheetnup unconsciously. You feel your cheeks flush hotly when you can'tnkeep your eyes from wandering across her bare shoulders, to thensubtle curve of her collarbone, the hollow of her throat, thenglaringly obvious (to you, at least) bruise on her neck that younvery, very vividly remember creating. Your lips tingle slightlynunder your hand at the memory; you know it's probably physicallynimpossible for the salty taste of her skin to still be on your lips,nbut you're convinced it's there anyways. You tear your eyesnaway from Mena's form, biting your lip and shifting slowly, slidingncarefully out of the bed. Holding your breath the whole time, younsearch for your clothes, feeling disgusted at how many times you'dndone this exact same thing in the past, and dress quickly. You run anhand through your hair, hoping it doesn't look too obviously likenjust-been-banged hair, and make a mad dash for it, pausing onlynmomentarily to look back at her sleeping form before you slide outninto the hallway and shut the door softly. By the time you makenit back to your apartment and shut the door behind you, your handsnare shaking. You stand awkwardly in the middle of your bedroom,nfingers twitching constantly. Even the deep breaths you use before ancompetition to steady your nerves aren't helping. With a mutteredncurse, you dig your cell phone out of your pocket and flip it open,nhitting the speed dial. It rings four times. \"'Lo?\" Poot'snvoice is gruff and sleepy, and you only then think to look at thenclock. It's 9:43 on a Saturday morning. \"Hello?\" He saysnagain, slightly more awake. Knowing him, he's about to hang up andngo back to sleep. \"Poot, hey,\" younsay, determined to keep your voice level. You're still not able tonkeep your voice from cracking slightly. \"Cracker?\" he saysnsleepily. \"Dude, it's like super early…\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" younsay impatiently, chewing on your thumbnail. \"Look, I… I mean,nwhat happened was…\" You can imagine him sitting up in bed,nrubbing the sleep from his eyes and a hand through his hair, tryingnto decipher your stammering. \"What happened?\" \"I…\" You can'tnbring yourself to say it. \"I mean, it's like…\" \"Come on, Hales,\"nhe says impatiently. \"What's up?\" \"I don't know!\"nYou're halfway to shouting now, the hand not holding the phonengrabbing at your hair. \"It's early and I'm tired and I'mnhung over and I definitely slept with Mena last night and I don'tnknow what the hell happened!\" The other end of thenline is silent. Poot was never the quickest to catch onto things. \"…Mena?\" hensqueaks. \"Like, Frank's Mena, Mena?\" \"Yeah,\" you sayndejectedly. \"Frank's Mena.\" \"You… and her…ntogether? I mean, you guys like… did the nasty and all that junk?\" \"Yes,\" younwhisper. \"Oh, shit,\" hensays, sounding bewildered. \"How the—what hap—I mean, what?\" \"That's prettynmuch what I'm thinking,\" you say, slumping against the closednbathroom door, running a slightly trembling hand through your hairnnervously. \"I mean, I remember…well, most of it. I wasn'tnthat drunk.\" You feel your cheeks flush as you close your eyes andnrecount your memories. \"I just… I don't know how it happened,nman. I kissed her first, but I know I apologized, and then she justngrabbed me and kissed me again and one thing lead to another and—\" \"Whoa, whoa, slowndown,\" he says. \"First, calm the hell down. Take a deep breathnor meditate or whatever. Just don't hyperventilate on me, okay?\" You sigh, rubbing anhand over your eyes. \"Okay,\" you say, forcing yourself to soundncalm. \"Sweet,\" he says. n\"Okay. Now, uh, have you talked to Mena about this?\" \"No,\" you say. n\"She was still out when I left.\" \"Heartbreaker,\" hensays, and you can almost hear the smirk that was playing across hisnlips. \"Love 'em and leave 'em.\" \"Not funny, Poot!\"nyou shout, your precarious hold on calm slipping. \"You're reallynnot helping here, dammit!\" \"Okay, okay, sorry,\"nhe says hurriedly. \"Okay. Well, I mean, I think you should gonback and talk to her about it, okay? Do the girly-bonding thing ornwhatever. Paint your toenails and eat ice cream. Whatever. But younneed to talk to her, Hales.\" You slam your headnback into the door behind you, wishing it would knock younunconscious. You hate it when Poot gets insightful and gives advice,nespecially when it' good advice and you know he's right. nYou don't want to have to face Mena again, not for a very long timenand preferably always somewhere public so she won't let herselfnbreak down or flip out, and you really don't want to have to facenFrank, because you know that's what Poot's going to say next. \"And you need tontell Frank,\" he says, his voice soft. You roll your eyes, hatingnthat he's right. \"I know,\" younmutter, clenching your eyes shut. You inhale deeply, letting thenbreath out slowly, and force yourself to open your eyes. \"You'renright,\" you add. \"Thanks, man.\" \"Sure thing, Hales,\"nhe says, his voice till quiet. \"Now that we got that settled, cannI like…go back to bed? I mean, you know I love you and all, butnI'm beat and it's wicked early…\" \"Yeah,\" you saynwith a smile. \"Go back to bed.\" \"Sweet,\" he says,nand you can hear him dropping down onto his bed through the phone. n\"Later, cracker.\" \"Bye,\" younwhisper. You end up spendingnthe whole day hiding in your apartment, grinding out more push-ups,nsit ups, and chin ups than you normally do in a week of practice, ornpacing, or staring despondently at the ceiling above your bed. nAnything to avoid actually going out and talking to Mena. Your phonensits on the bedside table, turned off. You're too afraid of Menanor Frank calling to turn it on. By the time the clocknon your wall clicks to three in the afternoon, you feel like you'llnexplode if you stay in the apartment much longer. You haul yourselfnup off the bed determinedly and stumble into the bathroom, nosenwrinkling at the fact that you smell like sweat and your hair still has the freshly-banged look. Avoiding looking at your reflection anynmore, you strip down and climb into the shower, relishing momentarilynin the hot water as it hits the sore muscles in your back andnshoulders. Too many push-ups had left you sore. You climb out of thenshower, standing in a towel in the steamy bathroom. Wiping thenmirror clean, you stare at your reflection, relieved that the sexnhair hadn't somehow survived a thirty minute shower and sixnwashings. You walk back intonyour room, damp fingers fumbling with the stereo until the Clashnstarts blaring loudly from the speakers. You dress slowly, focusingnall your attention on the act of drying yourself, selecting thenclothes you want, and putting them on. Then you clean your room,njamming to the music as it shifts to the Sex Pistols; it's thenfirst time you've cleaned your room in months. When your clothes arenneatly put away, carpet vacuumed, music collection organized, andnschool books stacked neatly on your small desk, you find yourselfnstanding in the middle of your room, hands hanging limply at yournsides, at a loss for another distraction. You need to get out of thenapartment, and now. You automaticallynshove your still-turned-off phone into one pocket, iPod into thenother, and wallet into your back pocket, and reach for your favoritensweatshirt—the semi-shrunken black one from some X-Games-esquentournament that Frank had failed miserably in, prompting him to givenyou the sweatshirt—before you pause. Your hand hovers by thensweatshirt, hesitant, as if touching something given to you by Franknwould make you spontaneously combust, like a vampire in sunlight. Shaking your head, youngrab the sweatshirt and shrug it on, determinedly not caring, andnpick up your keys. Setting your shoulders, you walk out of thenapartment. You walk with nondestination in mind, music turned up too loud, with your hands shovednin your pockets and shoulders slumped. One playlist ends, and thennanother. Halfway through the third one, you come to a halt outsidenone of the campus' many coffee shops. This one is closest to thengym where the team trains, the one where you and Mena go to breaknyour coach's diet and down coffee and coffee cake. After standing outsidenthe shop quietly for two full songs, you walk inside slowly, blinkingnrepeatedly until your eyes adjust to the dimly lit room. Pulling thenheadphones out of your ears, you shuffle over to the counter. \"Hey,ncoffee wench!\" you say automatically, your voice coming out muchnstronger and more casual than you expected as you wave at thenpink-haired girl behind the counter. \"Heya,\" the girlnsays, grinning at you. \"Where's your partner in crime?\" You realize abruptlynthat you've never actually come in here before without Mena—younlike coffee, but not that much, and tend to prefer a nicenbottle of Dr. Pepper for your caffeine. \"Who knows?\" Younsay with a forced shrug. \"Haven't seen her all day.\" nThankfully, you know that you've always been a good liar. \"Isn't that sad?\"nshe says teasingly. \"Well, what can I get you?\" \"I… don't know,\"nyou mutter lamely. You stare at the menu boards helplessly, tryingndesperately to remember what that whip-covered icy drink that Menanintroduced you to was called. \"You know what?\"nshe says with a soft smile. \"I got you covered.\" You blink, tearingnyour eyes away from the boards, and watch as she turns her back tonyou, mixing a drink. Ninety seconds later, she presents you with twonwhip-covered icy drinks in a tray and a bag with what's probablyncoffee cake. \"You're a goodnliar, kid,\" she says, smirking. \"But I'm better. Whatevernhappened with you kids, go sort it out.\" She shoves the drinks andnbag into your hands. \"Get out of here.\" \"Uh…\" you saynstupidly, staring at her with wide eyes. \"What?\" She rolls her eyesnexaggeratedly, flicking short pink hair out of her face. \"Look,\"nshe says slowly. \"Working in a coffee shop is like being anbartender. You get good at reading people, and I've been watchingnyou two come in here for the last two years. It's not obvious, butnit's there, okay? I don't know if it's just that you'renfriends who happen to click, or something more, but whatever it isnthat's got you looking like your dog died while you sulk aroundnhere alone for the only time in two years, you need to sort it outnwith her.\" \"Uhm,\" you say,nshaking your head slightly. \"Okay?\" \"Welcome,\" shensays pleasantly, winking. \"Now get out of my coffee shop.\" \"Yeah…\" Younshake your head once more, hands tightening on the drinks and bag,nbefore you turn slowly and shuffle back out of the coffee shop. Thenbarista's voice echoes in your head as you inadvertently walkntowards Mena's dorm. It's not until you're standing in frontnof her door that you feel the urge to run. And just as you'rentensing up to turn around and bolt back to the safety of yournapartment, the door opens to reveal Mena standing there tiredly withnhair still wet from a shower, in carelessly thrown on jeans and answeatshirt, circles under her eyes and shoulders slumped. The bothnof you step back unwittingly, and you almost drop the coffee tray. \"Hi,\" she saysnawkwardly after a few moments, after you'd opened and closed yournmouth twice, unable to think of anything to say. She hasn't movednan inch, one hand still on the doorknob, the other clutching her keysnso tightly her hand is shaking. \"Hey,\" you say. nYour voice cracks, and you lick your lips, swallow, and try again. n\"Uh, yeah. I… well, I guess we should… you know, talk ornsomething. And I brought coffee!\" You say the last bit far toonbrightly, the sunniness of your tone so very unlike you, enough tondraw the tiniest vestiges of a smile to the corner of Mena's mouth. She steps away fromnthe door, motioning slightly for you to come in. Grateful, you stepninside, unconsciously thinning yourself to avoid physical contactnfrom her because you can't be sure if you can trust yourself not tondo something stupid like you did last night. You offer her the bagnwith coffee cake in it, setting the drink tray down on the clutteredncoffee table, atop a stack of organic chemistry textbooks, and shovenyour now-empty hands into your pockets. Mena sits down on thencouch, settling the unopened bag on her knees and sliding her handsnunder her thighs. Her posture looks almost… broken, you think, andnit unexpectedly makes your chest hurt and you almost move to sit nextnto her and break every single bit of your reputation as a sarcasticnasshole to fix whatever it was you'd broken. But an image of Franknflashes in your mind and stops you before you even get your hands outnof your pockets, so you stay put, eyes focused on some point on thenwall behind Mena's head and hope that she'll break the silence. She doesn't, though.n You dare to look at her once more and it makes your chest hurt evennmore, because now that you're looking at her—really looking atnher—you can see the way her jaw is clenched tightly, teeth clampedndown securely on her lower lip, eyes wide and unblinking in an effortnto hold back tears, her shoulders trembling the tiniest bit at theneffort of holding it together. You actually flinch at the sight ofnher and search desperately for the right thing to say, anything tonmake her feel better— \"Have you talked tonFrank?\" Is all that comes out, though. Immediately, you wish youncould take it back, because that seems to be the final blow to Mena'snweak resolve to keep her cool, and she looks up and a few tears leaknout of her eyes, sliding down her cheeks. She shakes her headnmutely, guilt radiating out of her eyes, to the point where you cannalmost feel it suffocating you, pressing in on your lungs. You take a deepnbreath, exhaling very slowly, and pull one hand out of your pocket tonpush your hair out of your eyes. You notice out of the corner ofnyour eye that it's shaking, and wonder if Mena can tell. \"Are you going to?\"n You ask, trying your hardest to keep your voice level. You wishnsuddenly that you could be heartless and not care, because standingnthere right now and knowing that Mena is coming apart emotionallynbecause of something you started hurts and you have no ideanhow to fix it. \"I don't know,\"nshe says quietly, her voice strained. \"I… just, I don't know.\"n She looks back down at her knees, moving the bag to the coffee tablenand wringing her hands together in her lap. \"I should.\" \"Probably,\" younsay slowly. You finally work up the nerve to move, slowly loweringnyourself onto the other end of the couch. Normally you would sprawlnout across the sofa, long legs stretched out, but instead you keepnyour feet planted on the floor and go out of your way to avoidntouching Mena at all, regardless of the closeness between the two ofnyou. \"Maybe… maybe I should tell him,\" you offer, even thoughnthe thought of doing so makes you feel like you're going to vomit. n\"Since I... you know… started everything.\" \"You stopped it,ntoo,\" she says, her voice soft. She looks up and meets your eyesnbriefly. \"I was drunk—we both were—but I still remember itnall,\" she continues, a delicate flush spreading adorably across herncheeks. \"You—you kissed me first, but you stopped. I was thenone who kept it going.\" The shame in her voice feels like a kicknin the chest. You purse your lips,ntrying to sort out your thoughts so you can say the right thing, andnthen suddenly, without even realizing you're speaking, you opennyour mouth again and ask, \"Are you mad because you're with Frank,nor because this was with me?\" And there's hurt in your voice,nhurt that you hadn't even realized you felt. Abruptly, as soon asnthe words are out, you slam your mouth shut and your eyes widen. Youndon't know why you asked that—you may not be the best atnheart-to-heart talks, but even you know that such a question isn'tnone that Mena needed to hear right now. \"I'm sorry,\" younadd hurriedly. \"I shouldn't have said that. You don't have tonanswer that.\" She offers you a smallnsmile, surprisingly enough. It's nowhere close to her normal shynbut bright grin, but instead is sad and muted, as if she was smilingnthrough a dirty window. \"I…\" she paused,nbiting down on her lip momentarily before continuing. \"I thinknit's the first one.\" She blushes ever so slightly again,nglancing at you briefly. You know that you probably look relativelynshocked at her answer, and she continues. \"I think that if…. IfnI wasn't with Frank, I…wouldn't regret it.\" She's lookingnat you now again, visibly nervous, and for some reason that younreally cannot describe, her words are making you feel better than younhave in what feels like forever. The feeling of an iron handncrushing your lungs fades away and is replaced by a surprisingly goodnfeeling that starts in your stomach and moves up into your chest, andnyou can't stop the smile you feel spreading on your lips. \"Really?\" Ifnyou'd been concerned for your reputation now, it would've beennshot to pieces with that one word, uttered with such childish cheernthat you didn't know you even were capable of, but you wouldn'tncare. Because for some reason, the fact that Mena wouldn't regretnbeing with you means…. Something that you can't place, but thatnyou know makes you just feel good . That good feelingnlasts all of six seconds, during which Mena blushes and you can'tnwipe that inexplicable and ridiculous smile off of your face, beforenyou both are startled back to the present by her ringing phone. Hernblush disappears immediately, replaced by a sick tinge, her eyesnsqueezing shut again as she fumbles for the 'ignore' button andnthrows the phone down on the couch, leaping to her feet and startingnto pace opposite you. \"Frank,\" you saynquietly, shoulders slumping. \"I should go,\" you add after anmoment's hesitation. You stand slowly, the countless chin-ups andnpush-ups from earlier tightening your shoulders and making you wantnto do nothing more than collapse back into Mena's couch and sleep ,nbut you will yourself to your feet. Mena remains silent as you do,nstill pacing anxiously, thumbnail tucked securely between her teeth. You pause by thendoorway, looking back and feeling your stomach clench yet again. n\"I'm sorry,\" you say again. You wish desperately for any kindnof eloquence, the right words to fix whatever exactly it is you'vendone, even a moment of sarcasm or brevity to lighten the mood, butnnothing comes. \"Call me if you want to talk,\" you sayndejectedly. \"And let me know what I need to do about… if younwant me to talk to Frank first.\" That said, you give innto the tightness in your shoulders and neck and let your head slumpnforward as you make your way out the door, shutting it resolutelynbehind you. Hands shoved in your pockets, you shuffle out of thenbuilding and back to your apartment. You collapse on yournbed when you make it home, not bothering to empty your pockets ornremove your shoes. Head buried in the pillows, you will yourself tonignore the pit in your chest every time you think of Frank, thenphantom smell of Mena's hair that seems to be filling up yournbedroom, the pile of reading and assignments you have due for yournMonday classes. Yet no matter how hard you try, you can't preventnyourself from masochistic thoughts about the hell that Monday'snearly morning practice is bound to be.[Chapter 2] It's been almost two months since you woke up next to Mena, and you're not really sure if things can get much worse. Frank is gone, vanishing heartbroken out of your life the day after Mena told him what happened; Poot is apparently on strict orders not to tell you where he is, or give you his new phone number, or any other means of contact. Mena looks all but broken every time you see her, with black circles under her eyes and a look of fatigue and listlessness at all times. Poot tries, but his time is taken up with Joanne and his community college classes and making sure Frank doesn't fall too far into his depression. And no matter how hard you throw yourself into practice and training and studying and writing papers—you even study for and take the GRE, despite not having a single idea of graduate school in the past— you can't forget. You've been working yourself to the wire every single day since you tried to talk to Mena a second time and had the worst timing ever, coming up the hallway as Frank stormed out of her dorm room, anger warring with betrayal and heartbreak when he caught sight of you standing there shell-shocked and Mena in the doorway with tearstained cheeks and trembling shoulders. He only glared at your hollow attempts at an apology and shoved past you; you shared one final moment of eye contact with Mena and her tears and her broken heart, feeling your chest and stomach clench painfully enough to leave you gasping for breath, and she closed her door to you. Every calisthenics session, every practice, every team meeting since then has been strained and painful for the both of you. Coach tried to fix things, dragging you both into her office for a tongue-lashing meant to shock you both into explaining what was wrong and fixing what was broken, but she eventually gave up; both you and Mena kept up with training and schoolwork, and Coach had no jurisdiction until one you slipped. The end of the fall semester is drawing closer. You busy yourself even more with hounding professors for letters of recommendation for the handful of graduate programs you're interested in, and have several more conversations with Coach than you'd like about how graduate school with always be there but international competition won't. Wei Wei comes to visit around Halloween and stays with Mena; you run into her one morning when you're out for a jog and she gives you one of her rare serious looks and asks you to please, please, try to fix this ; you tell her that you're not built to fix things and you don't have any idea how to. You stay in more than you ever have in your life, turning down every party invitation, date request, and drinking opportunity that comes your way; you're determined not to make the same mistake with a single other of your friends. Besides… the smell of both vodka and beer remind you impossibly of Mena, and every time you bask in upside of the memories for a second, you wind up feeling like you're going to vomit. Thanksgiving rolls around, and you tire of your father trying to drag you back to Texas and your mother trying to drag you to Prague to be a new happy family with her and Chris; you elect instead to stay at school and finish the last of your grad school applications. Instead, you spend Wednesday sprawled across the couch watching cartoons and playing video games. Thursday you wake up antsy and, ignoring the dreadful weather outside, bundle up for a run. There aren't very many people out, unsurprisingly. On your second loop around the campus, you inadvertently slow to a walk as you round the corner to the pink-haired barista's coffee shop. It's unsurprisingly closed; you pause by the door, staring through the glass as it fogs with your breath at the dark interior. You can barely make out the outline of the couches, the chairs, the small table along the wall that you and Mena had so often sat at. \"Hey,\" you hear through the music in your headphones. Startled, you yank them out of your ears and spin around, even more startled to see Mena standing there, shivering in the cold. \"Hi,\" you say automatically, and promptly cringe internally at how idiotic you sound. \"I… how are you?\" you ask. You wish you didn't sound so impossibly awkward. Mena shrugs halfheartedly, arms crossed tightly across her chest. \"Okay, I guess. Rough semester.\" \"Yeah,\" you agree. \"No kiddin'.\" Unbidden, a small smile creeps across your lips; you're about to try to squash it when you see Mena return it uncertainly. She sighs after a moment. \"Things got so screwed up,\" she says softly. \"And…I'm sorry, you know? I don't think I ever told you that.\" \"It wasn't your fault,\" you say automatically. \"It wasn't anyone's fault,\" she corrects. \"But I let you blame yourself, and that wasn't fair.\" You open your mouth to protest, but falter. For weeks you've carried the guilt from that night, convinced that you deserved it. You'd by lying if you said you didn't want a reprieve. \"Thanks,\" you say, your voice so soft it almost disappears in the cloud of your crystallizing breath. She offers you a weak smile, and you're unable to stop yourself from asking, \"So… now what?\" She sighs, arms tightening around herself yet again. You watch apprehensively as she shifts her weight back and forth, from one foot to another, her eyes drifting down to stare at the sidewalk. It's trying to snow, the odd flake drifting down from a grey sky, and you don't know if it's the freezing air or the uncertainty of your standing in her eyes that makes you shiver. Finally, she looks up and meets your eyes again. \"It's freezing out here,\" she says, a laugh half-forced out into the open. \"Can we go inside?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" you say without thinking. \"It's only a few blocks to my place.\" You jerk your head in the direction of your apartment, and the two of you start to walk side-by-side. The cold air bites at your fingers, and you wished that you'd worn a jacket with pockets. Or, even better, gloves. The snow is coming down harder now, slowly starting to accumulate on metal benches and mailboxes; the wind picks up and you can't help but shiver. Uselessly, you pull your jacket sleeves down over your hands and bring them to your lips, blowing hard in an attempt to ward off the numbness you feel creeping in from your fingertips. The clothes that had kept you warm enough while you ran do nothing for a slow walk. \"Oh, Haley,\" Mena mumbles abruptly. \"You've got to be freezing. Here.\" She yanks her gloves off, pushing them into your hands. \"Put these on before you get frostbite or something.\" \"No, I'm fine,\" you protest halfheartedly. \"You'll get cold.\" \"I'm okay,\" she says with a small smile. With a flourish, she stuffs her hands deep into the pockets of her pea coat. \"See?\" You feel another protest rising in your throat, borne of a combination of your hard-won reputation as a hardass and the good southern breeding you were reared with, but for the first time in over two months there's a smile in Mena's eyes and it's directed at you, so you smile your thanks and gratefully slide your hands into the gloves. Besides, you think wryly, it'd be pathetic to lie to yourself and pretend that you didn't feel a warm flutter in your chest at the thought of Mena offering her gloves to keep you warm. The silence is a little less awkward the rest of the way to your apartment. Inside, you apologetically shove away the stacks of books and papers that clutter your coffee table, finding room for her to sit on the couch. \"I… uh, do you want some coffee?\" you offer awkwardly. \"You have coffee?\" she asks in surprise. Her eyes crinkle at the corner in amusement, and you can't help sliding back into something like the easy rhythm of friendship the two of you once had, and stick out your tongue childishly. \"Stranger things have happened,\" you mutter from the kitchen as you dump coffee grounds into the coffee maker. You turn back to face the living room and see her inspecting the papers on your coffee table curiously. She looks up to see you watching her and blushes, dropping the folder she'd picked up. \"Sorry,\" she half-stammers. \"I just… you're applying to grad school?\" \"Yeah,\" you say, fidgeting with an empty can of Dr. Pepper on the counter. You focus your eyes on the soda can tab as you slowly bend it back and forth. \"A few, at least. Keep my options open and all that.\" \"Wow,\" Mena says. \"I mean, these are really good schools. You had to have owned the GRE or something.\" You shrug modestly, still not looking up, and feel that warm flutter in your chest once more. You'd never thought you'd do something that impressed her ever again, not after things became so horribly strained between the two of you. The silence spreads between you again, and you renew your focus on the soda can in front of you, looking up through your eyelashes at where she sits uncomfortably, staring at her knees. The beep from the coffeemaker rescues you, letting you abandon the aluminum distraction in front of you in favor of the familiar actions of pouring out coffee and spooning cream and sugar into them. It's not until after you've taken a seat on the floor across the coffee table from Mena, both of you wrapping cold hands around warm coffee mugs, that you dare speak again. When you do, though, it's not what you wanted to say. \"Have you talked to him recently?\" Mena winces as visibly as you do, both of you almost jostling coffee out of the mugs, and you wonder angrily if there's a way to kick yourself without being terribly obvious about it. \"I haven't talked to him,\" she says delicately. \"But I wrote him a letter, and he sent me an email back.\" You hesitate, not wanting to pry but as desperate to hear how he is as you are to know where you stand with her. \"How are things?\" \"He's still hurt,\" she says. She speaks slowly, glancing up only briefly to meet your gaze before her eyes dart back to the coffee in her hands. \"Which I get. I told him that I was sorry for what happened, and how it happened, and that we… that I hurt him. He said he thinks he'll get over it eventually. But not yet.\" She pauses, looking up once more to meet your eyes. \"He's not really angry at you,\" she says deliberately, holding your eyes with hers. \"Or me, somehow. He's just… hurt, you know?\" You both sit in silence, eyes drifting away from one another, as you contemplate her words. You wonder if you should try to talk to him again, if you can ever rightfully ask for his forgiveness, if you can even dare to hope that your friendship will ever be the same. The past months have been unbearable, not only from losing Mena and something you didn't know you had or wanted, but also from losing one of your two best friends and shoving your other best friend in the middle of it all. \"He said something else,\" Mena says eventually. She speaks so soft you barely hear it. She looks you square in the eye and is obviously forcing herself to do so, her cheeks flushing and her hands tightening perceptibly around the coffee mug. \"He said that it… this…\" Her voice trails off, and she gestures awkwardly to the space between the two of you. You feel your chest tighten in anticipation and bite down on your lower lip, tamping down on any feelings of hope that might dare to surface. She wraps her hands back around the coffee mug and takes a slow, deliberate breath. \"He said that if this is something we both wanted, then he doesn't want to stand in the way.\" You exhale loudly without meaning to, the pressure that had built in your chest so quickly escaping through your mouth. The muscles in your arms and hands suddenly feel like jello, and you have to set the coffee mug down on the floor before you drop it. It feels like your stomach's turned into a knot again, but it's not in a painful way; rather, this time, it's more like walking off the floor after a great routine and waiting for the judges to publish the score you know you earned. \"And is this--\" You mimic her gesturing to the air that separates you. \"Something you want?\" She looks down, a delicate blush spreading across her cheeks. Blonde hair tumbles down alongside her face, contrasting sharply with the red of her blush. \"I think I might,\" she says carefully. She glances up at you, eyes wide and a little hopeful, and you suddenly realize that there's what has to be a foolishly wide grin on your face. \"Oh, thank god,\" you mutter. Immediately after the words pass your lips you feel a rush of embarrassment and your face heats up impossibly, making you wonder absently how you could have possibly been so cold so recently. It's only when you look up to meet her eyes and see all traces of the sadness that had filled them for months have vanished that your embarrassment fades. Mena clears her throat, setting her coffee mug down carefully and deliberately. \"So,\" she squeaks, and you smile impossibly wide at how utterly adorable she is. \"What now?\" You clear your own throat, trying to buy yourself some time; when no words come to mind, you push yourself to your feet slowly to buy some more. She mirrors your actions as you both step around the coffee table, stopping with barely a foot of space between you. You struggle to think of a single appropriate thing to say, but nothing heartfelt, eloquent, romantic, or even remotely humorous and mood-lightening comes to mind. Then Mena, in a moment almost painfully reminiscent to that one night that changed everything when she took the lead for the first time, reaches out and tugs gently at the strings of the hoodie you're wearing; you respond without thinking, fingers hooking casually through her belt loops and tugging her closer. She offers you the same shy and sweet smile you'd seen her offer Frank so many times, and you want to say something to let her know how much this means to you, but your star-struck brain is too addled to keep up with your rebellious body, so you pull her even closer and kiss her. Just like the first time, she takes a moment to respond, but this time when she does, it feels right in a way you'd never imagined possible. ","Summary":" Younwake up slowly, one eye cracked only the slightest bit againstnslatted lines of obscenely brigh"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"What Haley Doesn't Know","Author":"Monsterchild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3305380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What Haley Doesn'tnKnow… Disclaimer: I don'tnown Stick It. I only love the movie to death. AN: From Poot'snPOV. I make Joanne believenthat she's the girl for me. Wrong. So wrong. There is so much thatnshe doesn't know. So much that I haven't told her. I took her to Prom. Sonwhat? To me, that doesn't mean anything. I've been keeping ansecret for years. No one knows it. Ineven rejected it when it first came up. But hiding it fromnmyself doesn't work. So I write it down. She is the girlnfor me. Always has been. Always will be. There's no changing it,nno stopping it. It's uncontrollable. There are so manynmemories with her. Most of the good ones starting around the timenwhen she got sent to what she called Juvy. Like when she bustednthat window pulled off that stunt against the skaters. She didn'tnname names. And when me and Frankntried to bust her out. That Burt dude seriously was messed up. Shenneeds to see her boys, doesn't she? Okay, so I didn'tngive a damn about her seeing Frank. I just wanted to see her. Then there was afternthe classic. After she walked out. When she climbed into the car. nAnd she broke down into tears, something she almost never did. But… That was when Incame to terms with the fact that… I wanted to be more than hernfriend that was a boy. I wanted to be hernboyfriend. AN: Okay, Poot's anlittle OOC but whatever. Please R&R;![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don'tnown Stick It. Chapter 2: Tonight'snthe Night of Secrets I remember the night ofnthe Championships. The three of us- Haley, Frank, and me- all wentnout to celebrate. We met her at the gym and then went out. We hitnthe nearest restaurant because Frank was dying for food. And I cannstill remember her smile. The smile that she hadnas she sat across from me. And how animated her face looked as shentold the amazing events of the day and showed us her medal. Then shenmentioned all the colleges that were scouting her and I mentallynpanicked. \"You're leavingnus?\" I heard my voice say. She and Frank looked atnme, Frank more confused than Haley since he always is. \"It won'tnbe forever,\" she assured us, me more than him. \"I'll be ablento come and visit you slackers during holidays.\" \"Or we could follownher,\" Frank suggested through a mouthful of food. I let out a laugh. n\"Yeah,\" I said, looking at her. \"We could be like yourngroupies.\" She laughed. \"Ohnyeah, I think that'll go over well with my coaches.\" \"I mean, come on,\"nI continued. \"They'll just have to deal. You can't be withoutnyour boys.\" Frank nodded. \"Sontrue. Especially me, your favorite.\" I gave him a shove. n\"You wish.\" I could see her smilingnacross the table at us. \"I don't know guys. I don't know whatnI'm going to do yet. And I think that some of the collegesnscouting me may be close. We'll all just have to wait and see.\" I smiled at her. n\"Yeah…\" AN: I know, shortnchapter. And I know it took forever. But please R&R;! ","Summary":" What Haley Doesn'tnKnow… Disclaimer: I don'tnown Stick It. I only love the movie to death. AN: From"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"My Messed up Family","Author":"Mickeyallister","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9819766","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So new story! I was watching Stick It! and checked to see if there was any fanfic for a Hayley revealing fic where others find out about her World's history from when she walked out so here's one of a couple of people hearing it or being told. Chapter 1 Overheard \"Shake it off, Hayley. Come on, you've got another event let's finish big. Warm up, Mina. Let's go, 'scuse me,\" Hayley had just stormed off and Coach Burt ran off after her yelling her name. \"Maybe we should check on her,\" Wei-Wei said. She felt guilty about what she had said earlier to the girl and wanted to go make it up to her as she was obviously in emotional distress that girl time and some ice cream entailed (hey they're still gymnasts). Both had realized soon after Hayley had started her routine that they had just been fooled by Joanne and her mind games. They didn't realize that their words, along with Burt's, were the final straws to push her over her emotional edge. Mina agreed and together they went to check on Hayley, forgetting that Mina had to warm up. They got over to the exit doors that Hayley and Burt were arguing in and stood to the side listening in until they, or just Wei-Wei because Mina had to compete, could go in and 'rescue' their overemotional teammate. \"Haley, you're not leaving like this. You're gonna go back in there. Finish this meet. Don't make this another Worlds. - No. - Don't bail,\" even they could hear that Burt was trying everything he could to bring her back in and calm her down again enough to compete in the floor event. Too bad they all knew Hayley was a \"You don't know the first thing about Worlds,\" the girls clearly felt the venom that was directed at their coach and was surprised that she didn't jump and tear his throat out. \"Fine, I give up. You know, we gave it a shot. I'll talk to your father. Maybe you should go back to Defrank's. Chris Defrank's? Hey...,\" Burt was trying to appease the girl. \"You want me to go back to Defrank's,\" Hayley was still pissed and obviously had some tears still leaking out, but it was obvious she was still mad. The older coach was still trying \"Well, you don't listen to me. Clearly you listened to him long enough to...\" Burt tried to say more, but was cut off by a smaller, less confident voice that neither the girls, nor Burt could believe came from the strong girl in front of them. \"Yeah, long enough to hook up with my mom,\" Hayley whimpered and the tears were brought back to her eyes in more force than when she was on the beam. Wei-Wei and Mina just looked at each other. Their were no words for what was going through their heads at that moment. \"Hmm,\" Burt asked wanting clarification? He had old ears and couldn't hear as well as the teens. \"Long enough for him to...,\" there was a pause as Hayley took a very needed steading breath, \"...rip my family apart.\" Burt was stunned, but quickly pulled himself together enough to ask. \"Oh, hey. When d...,\" He took a steadying breath too. \"When did ya find this out?\" She gave a little laugh. \"Before floor...,\" another small chuckle, \"...at Worlds.\" She looked down at her hands that were covered by her sleeves as her voice cracked at the last word. She pulled her hands out and played with her finger tips so she didn't need to look up. \"Aw, Haley, I...I had no idea,\" everyone was stunned, MIna and Wei-Wei peeked around the doorway. Seeing the girl who always had a comeback to anything anyone said or did to her looking as broken as glass thrown to the ground, rally was an eyeopener to how the girl was still using that attitude as a mask to hide her true feelings about her parents divorce. \"I'm sorry,\" Burt just wasn't allowed to speak anymore he was cut off again by the emotionally tormented girl standing in front of him. \"You know what,\" Hayley said? \"You didn't owe it to me to be a decent coach,\" she stopped and took a step closer to Burt. \"You owed it to me to be a decent human being,\" she regained her normal look and stormed out of the doors to meet Frank and Poot. Burt stood there for a second before walking back into the stadium. Then he noticed his girls standing by the door. \"So how long have you both been here,\" he asked as he pinched the bridge of his nose? \"Long enough to know why Hayley walked out on Worlds,\" Mina was the first to regain use of her vocal cords. Burt sighed. \"Girls if Hayley comes back she will need support and even if she does come to me for it she won't tell me everything that happened and if you tell her you know what happened, she may open up to you both,\" Burt said this with an undertone of sadness. \"In the mean time, Mina I thought I told you to warm up.\" Mina rushed off because she had wasted time when they went after Hayley. Burt walked back with Wei-Wei to the chairs. \"I want you girls to help Hayley if/when she comes back to the gym,\" he turned to face the Asian girl. \"You two seem to be the only other people her age to know what happened before her floor event at Worlds, and it would help her a lot to have someone to talk to,\" he sighed and walked off. I think this will be three chapters long. I'm trying to stay shorter with my stories until I can really get into writing because my college life has gotten hectic and it won't let up until half of December and January and then pick up and go until the end of March. On top of the sports I will be carrying 18 credits next semester, though right now I have 19 so not much of a let up for me. Next chapter is done and the last is very close, but I wanted to get something of it up. Live Long and Read, Mickeyallister (PS - Almost messed up my name there ha XD)[Chapter 2] Yep Yep second one out right after the first and I'm rolling on the third, but it may be halfway done right now. No promises when this next will come out but it really should be soonish. Either way Enjoy! Chapter 2 Returning The rest of the competition went off without any other unexpected meltdowns and they soon returned to VGA to go back to practicing. All was pretty quiet in the gym and no one was laughing or as happy as after Hayley had started to actually try. A lone figure walked across the floor to the trampolines where teenaged girls in leotards were practicing handsprings and flips. Before the girl could reach the man supervising the flipping gymnasts, she was ushered to an empty room near the gym's floor. \"Hayley! We were waiting for you to come back,\" the blonde, MIna exclaimed! \"Yeah we've been waiting. What took so long\" the black haired, Wei-Wei demanded. Hayley took a breath and thought for a second on how to answer. \"Well the whole reason I came here in the first place was because me, Poot, and, Frank well we accidentally broke into a house while throwing tricks on bikes. We got cought by the police and since I'm the one who was in the most trouble out of the three, I got the biggest punishment. I was told to choose either here or military camp and I choose the military camp but they sent me here instead. After I left the last competition, the boys drove me home and I talked to the judge the day after I got home and asked about an alternate sentence. She read me Vic's letter he sent over, and now I'm here,\" she said the last with a little flourish of her arms with jazz hands and a slight tilt to her body. \"We are so glad that you're back, I'm sure you probably have some of an idea of how terrible some people have been since you left,\" Mina looked over to Wei-Wei and she gave the other girl a small nod. \"We also want you to know that we overheard your conversation with coach before you walk out of the arena, and we'd like to let you know that you can talk to us about anything. I mean I'm sure you haven't had really anyone to talk to about it and if you have anything you want to let off your chest, you'll always have us,\" Wei-Wei added a head nod to the brunette at the end of the statement. Hayley was a little miffed at first that she didn't realize that her freak out on Vic wasn't as private as she wanted, but by the end she was tearing up a bit and couldn't help but hug the girls standing in front of her. The hug was a very rare occurrence as she hung out with guys more often than not and guys are not as touchy feely like girls can be. \"I'd like that, but before we can sneak out and get some chocolatey goodness for our girl fest, let's make sure that I can return to the Gym from Hell,\" Hayley said with a bit of a smirk meaning she was sarcastic. The girls walked out arm and arm until they got to the greying coach. Mina and Wei-Wei backed over towards the line of female gymnasts waiting for the trampoline to be clear, but didn't really get into line because Hayley told them what she was about to ask Coach Vic. \"Hey coach, thanks for the shining recommendation to the Judge, you didn't have to,\" she was cut off by Vic. \"It was your father's money,\" the coach answered with a slight look over at the girl, who looked a lot more put together and sure of herself than he had really seen her before. \"Thank you. And even after that I've decided to come back to compete,\" she threw that out baiting the coach because they both knew that he would want a world gymnast like Hayley on his team, especially when she learned to control her tricks ( A/N:That'll be the day... My feet were glued... Yeah to a high speed bus) . \"And what makes you think I want you back to compete\" he asked though it was clear to the three girls that he was joking? \"Well ,I'll even agree to competing in Championships if...,\" she paused for dramatic effect, \"you get on the tramp and do a layout,\" Hayley looked smug because she knew that Vic wanted her to be there for his gym. ~~Everything goes the same up to the part where Poot and Frank drop the girls off Cardio-vasectomy and all~~ \"ok Hayley we've got the calorie enriched sweets, it's time for girl night cuz with the fall that Coach took, he is gonna be out for a while,\" Wei-Wei said while the three had bags with some medium sized bags of assorted junk food and a quart of ice cream each. \"What girls night? I want to be there! Are you gonna talk about boys,\" this series of statements was asked by... A little cliffhanger here, but I think many can guess who this is, but yes this will be the end of chapter 2. The next chapter seems like it will be long at this point because of another explanation and everything, but should still be good. Thanks for reading you have no idea how much I probably annoy my roommate telling her about my view count on any of my stories! Live Long and Read, Mickeyallister[Chapter 3] Sorry the last one took so long. It wasn't really a bad semester, just a busy one between bowling and school its just been busy and then I half forgot about this tip now. Chapter 3 Telling After a movie, a bit of ridiculous gossip about Vic, and some mani/pedis the girls sobered up some from their giggle fest and slight sugar highs enough to hear Hayley sigh and sit back up from her reclined position on the attic's floor. \"I guess it's time to catch Joanne up to date with what you two know of my past, specifically the last World's competition I walked out on,\" Hayley looked nothing like the confident I-don't give-a-damn front she put up for the world. The girl was hunched over slightly and staring at the floor while teasing the blanket edges with her fingers in nervousness. The other three realized how scared Hayley was and tried to show their support for voluntarily telling them the whole story when she hasn't even really told anyone else besides the shortened version Wei-Wei, Mina, and Vic. \"Well the first thing you should know is that I started off my gymnastic career around five years old with DeFrank's. World's happened when I was twelve so in the matter of those seven to eight years, I was happy. I kicked ass and took names with my don't hold anything back style and I was lined up to go to World's in the floor event. Somewhere in those years, my parents grew farther apart from each other, but DeFrank and my mother found something in each other, and here was the problem,\" The girl took a breath and tried to calm herself down. This may have happened five years ago, but it was still hard to talk about. Mina made to grab Hayley's hand to give her the support to keep telling the story, which the girl gladly took. \"I guess their affair had been going on for a year or two, but I didn't know about it until World's before my floor event. I hadn't realized until after it happened, but at that time I blamed gymnastics for my family being broken apart, so I walked out and wanted nothing to do with gymnastics ever again for what it did to my family.\" by the end of her story, the wild child could not hold back her tears any longer. Her carefully built walls crumbled terrifyingly fast as she broke down crying full out. The three girls took turns comforting her until the sobs calmed long after the remains of their ice cream had melted. They all fell asleep in their mass of blankets and pillows soon after Hayley only had tear tracks to show for her break down. The next day the girls woke up at their leisure because of Vic's accident the day before, the entire gym had off for a couple days until Vic was checked out of the hospital and give the go ahead to start coaching again. From then on out the four were closer. They showed their routines to each other and critiqued them, trying to get them just right for the upcoming competition in a month. They played random music when any of them were close to their breaking point with practicing and they would take turns making up routines to the songs. Wei-Wei played that K9 song about baseball or something( AN: if you don't know it's the song she did her in the competition on the beam where she spun on her head. It's called Come Baby Come by K9) just about every time they goofed off and finally got the silly routine burned into her brain, she could even do it with out the music playing. The girls had their sleepovers anytime they could once a week from then on…with healthier food. (Second to last AN: FUN FACT: The song that plays when Hayley is on the floor is called Our Laywer Made Us Change the Name of This Song So We Wouldn't Get Sued By Fall Out Boy, it was originally I Loved You So Much More Before You Were a MySpace Whore.) THANK YOU FOR READING, Mickeyallister ","Summary":" So new story! I was watching Stick It! and checked to see if there was any fanfic for a Hayley reve"},{"Movie":"Stick It","Title":"Haley Graham's most tempting distraction","Author":"tashatinski","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6144898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First Fanfiction EVER, please go easy on me, i was watching the movie and thought this would be a fun story to write hope u guys like it! disclaimer- i don't own any of the characters or ideas or places from the amazing movie StickIt :( \"Fffffuuuuccccckkkkkkk!\" I yelled at the top of my lungs, the sound bouncing off every corner of the gym then flying right back at me. I was still angry, but it felt great to just yell. Burt was one hell of a piss off sometimes, he doesn't understand me, and lately it's been really getting to me. He sent me to the old gym, just like old times; apparently I have to keep my hands to myself…what's the fun in that? There is an eerie feeling to the gym, along with a nasty musty smell mixed with…blood and sweat? But it brings back all those memories from the days when I was forced to be here. Although I'm not forced now, I'm not willing either; I would highly prefer to spend the summer with Frank and Poot! But I was accepted to a gymnast school. Burt and my dad didn't want me to screw up again, so they stuck me in a place worse and harder to get out of then jail. And as long as I must stay, might as well train. I flop down on one of the red color coordinated mats. As I'm coughing from the cloud of dust and chalk I don't hear the footsteps heading towards me, when the owner of the footsteps reaches me and taps me on the shoulder, I no joke almost piss my pants! \"Dude! What the fuck?\" I got out between a nervous laugh and a cough. \"Woe there,\" says a beautiful boy with a sexy deep voice. He's holding his hands up in surrender, and I realize that my body is poised to attack. My arms drop to my sides as my eyes do a once over on the boy—not really a boy, must be at least seventeen—I find that he is not wearing a shirt. He has long, muscular legs and a beautiful six pack—must be a gymnast—my head has to drop back to an uncomfortable position in order to see his face, he has to be like what 6'6? My eyes finally find his and I am faced with the most icy, piercing blue eyes I get lost in them and I'm pretty sure the boy notices. Any remark that I had for the boy died on my lips. I mentally shook my brain and said \"sorry\" wait, what, why am I saying sorry? Wow, to many knocks to the head today. \"The famous hard core Haley Graham actually saying sorry? And it wasn't even her fault! Wow, I guess the stories are wrong…\" stories? Well I'm famous in a bad way, good! And he already knows who I am? Why am I excited by that fact? \"Hey! Have you stopped talking to yourself?\" I asked the boy, seeing as he just had an insulting, but very true, conversation about me, with himself, in front of me. \"Yes ma'am, I have decided to maybe talk to you instead\" \"Lovely.\" I muttered under my breath loud enough for him to hear, and soaking with sarcasm. Secretly there were little butterflies in my stomach being produced from just staring at the guy. \"So you no who I am, who are you?\" what are you? I asked myself mentally. This guy was so beautifully perfect, if I actually believed in the whole Twilight thing I would have probably thought he was a vampire. He stuck out a gym chalked hand and I shook it, his hand had calluses all over, just like mine, and it was extremely warm. \"I'm Nathaniel Vickerman, but you can call me Nathan\" my jaw dropped. \"You're related to Burt?\" Nathan kinda laughed at my expression and then said, \"Yea, I'm his son\" I hope u guys liked it, i think im going to have new chapter up soon![Chapter 2] Thanks for the reviews! I really wasn't expecting any, so they were a very pleasant surprise; I really hope ya'll like this chapter! I'm sorry it took so long to get the next chapter up but I was camping and there was NO internet! I almost died, anyhoo, ill try and get the next chapter up sooner Disclaimer: I own none of the amazing characters or awesome story line of the best movie ever…Stick It. –every time I say this, it breaks my heart \"Your just shit'n me right?\" I ask Nathan, because honestly who would put up with Burt's crap long enough make a kid? I'm kind of grossed out just thinking about that, I internally shudder. \"No I'm not 'shit'n' you\" He does cute but annoying finger quotes around my curse. And before I can retort he adds, \"Did you no that you have quite a mouth on you?\" I frown and wonder why his disapproving to my language bothers me so much. I just ignore the comment and look him in the eyes; I'm surprised to find a hidden meaning in his words that makes me think he wasn't just talking about my language. \"Oh shut up!\" I say jokingly and shove him lightly in the chest blushing lightly when I realize he's still shirtless and that I'm flirting! This is new, and since when do I blush? My head clears and I notice that he's successfully averted us from our previous conversation. \"So if your Burt's son, why haven't I seen you here before, or better yet, why doesn't he talk about you?\" I bring up our previous conversation. He got a pained expression on his face and I immediately regretted the question. \"Sorry, touchy subject?\" \"You could definitely say that\" He smiled sweetly at me. I knew he didn't really want to go into detail so I didn't push it, I was still hoping he would tell me though. \"My mom and Burt dated for a while, but she was a serious gymnast and her dad didn't want her dating so she didn't. She got pregnant with me and never told Burt, my mom just recently past and I had to be told all this in a letter left by her. Now my only remaining family is Burt so here I am.\" Well that's awkward, I couldn't think of anything to say so I kind of blurted out, \" Wow, I'm sorry\" and I think for once in my life I actually meant it. Nathan looked sad and I just felt like rapping my arms around him, but I didn't.\" So um, kind of awkward conversation,\" Nathan voices my thought. \"So how about a new one? Why do they call it ICE CREAM and who is the infamous 'they'? Nathan gave me a huge smile and laughed a deep throaty laugh. \"Or you no on serious terms you could tell me why your shirtless, and in my gym?\" not that I minded. \"Your gym huh?\" his eyebrow lifts in one of those cute little questioning looks and I notice a line were eyebrow hair is missing the line continues to make a faint scare all the way to the end of his eye lid, wonder how he got that? I decide to keep that interrogation for later right now Nathan looks like he expects an answer. \"Yea, I'm on punishment so I have to be in here with no one else, which means its mine.\" Wow that doesn't make sense stupid. \"So do you want me to leave?\" he begins to walk away. \"NO!\" I say a little too quickly and I hope he hadn't noticed, but when he chuckles and turns back to me I no that he has. \"Well since princes Haley has given me permission to stay in her palace, I should probably tell her that I was sent here to service her in her training\" really now? Maybe Burt isn't punishing me. \"Should I be worried, seeing as you seem to have these annoying conversations with yourself?\" I asked him teasingly. \"Nah, but you should be worried of my mad skills in the gym!\" I giggled, ew, I don't giggle. Then he flexed his arms in a body builder pose and I couldn't giggle anymore due to me trying to keep in my drool. \"Burt thought I would be more sustainable to your cranky moods and dangerous moves…you won't hit me will you?\" I could think of better things than violence to inflict upon Nathan's body. Oh wow, I should definitely not be thinking shit like that! But it's so true; I felt the erg to giggle again. Why was this guy—in who I only met a few minutes ago—making me, tough, heartless, kick your ass if you mess with me, Haley Graham turn to mush? And why don't I mind one bit? \"Only if you're really bad\" I flirted, continuing our mild banter. He smiled a crooked smile and I noticed a nice big chunk out of one of his front teeth. Somehow the missing chunk suited him, it also made me feel better that this guy wasn't perfect. My phone vibrated in my sports bra—where's a girl to keep it when you have no pockets? I noticed Nathan's eyes follow my hand as I pulled it out and checked the text. Poot and Frank had sent me a video link, I held a finger up to Nathan and turned my back, walking a couple steps away. I pushed the button… HHHHAAAAALLLEEYYYY! Poot and Frank screamed together as they rid bikes down a bowling alley in animal costumes I luvvv you! Miss you so much Haley! Frank yelled into the camera his face up close as he skidded to a halt in front of the camera man Oh shut up Frank, we all no Haley's not yer type…cause yer gggaaaayyyy Poot yelled tauntingly, Frank immediately jumped on Poot smacking him in the face using a fur covered fist and the camera went blank. God did I miss them! Since being at the gym they had tried to 'break' me out many times, and at every gym meet they were there front row with huge foam fingers. I had a huge smile on her face when she turned around and placed the phone back in her bra. I went over to the mats and plopped down to stretch. Nathan came over and joined me. \"Boyfriend?\" he had a…jealous look? On his pretty face. \"Um, definitely NOT, they are my best friends though\" he looked relieved and this made me smile. I could see him watching me as I stretched and I watched him as well. We sat there for a while in comfortable silence then got up to start on beam. I went first and made a point of doing the movements perfectly. Once done he started clapping and I blushed lightly. \"yea kay, it wasn't that good, your turn\" I shoved him toward it and he lightly shuddered as he neared it. \"I don't mean to sound wussy, but I cant\" I really wanted to no why but I didn't want to pry to hard in one day. \"Ok\" I guess I sounded a little disappointed because he lifted up his straight blonde hair out of his eyes and pointed to the scar I had noticed earlier on him. \"I was on beam and I fell. I smashed my face off it so hard that I lost sight in my right eye and was left with this ugly scar\" he looked like he was ashamed to admit that he messed up, guys. \"Wow, that musta been hard, oh and I like the scar, makes you look tough. Even though he didn't go near the beam, he helped me make a hardcore routine, and tire me out with practice. I had decided to do the new routine one more time, it was going well until my leg slipped from fatigue everything got better as I fell into the strong open arms of Nathan. I must have a the biggest smile on my face in the history of smiling as I looked up into his eyes. In an unintentional husky voice Nathan whispered in her ear \"Maybe the stories aren't true…I heard you only smiled when devastating someone else's dreams?\" I jumped out of his arms, wow, did people really still talk about me like that? I thought I had redeemed myself with the whole 'Stick It' thing, guess not. My smile faltered a bit, \"Well that won used to be true, but not so much any more, I'm n-nice-e-er now\" I pretended to gag on the word. He smiled and laughed a beautiful baritone laugh which made me smile again. \"So Haley, if I were to…ask you out, would you crush my dreams with that beautiful smile of yours?\" What should Haley say? I really don't know how to continue this, should I continue it? Reviews good or bad—hopefully not bad—would be insanely appreciated![Chapter 3] I don't own stick it :( Sry I haven't updated in a while, I tend to procrastinate x10 \"So Haley, if I were to…ask you out, would you crush my dreams with that beautiful smile of yours?\" I'm so NOT doing this, I'm Not saying yes, nope. Sure this guy is totally great, and attractive, and the nicest guy ever….where was I going with this? Oh yea, I'V NEVER BEEN ON A DATE! Iv gone out with guy friends before and messed around at parties, but never 'romantically' (ew, that's such a gross word. Honestly I find romance over-rated and totally unrealistic.) Back to the point, I'm scared to do this, I really don't know how to act on a date. I'm ssoooo saying no. I'm going to play hard to get! \"Sorry, I don't date\" his smile doesn't even waver, \"That's okay, just two friends, getting food and hanging out?\" \"That sounds fun, no date.\" I clarified. \"Yup\" he showed me a toothy grin. \"Well then, I'm picking you up at 8:00pm tomorrow night, wear comfy clothes\" \"what have I gotten myself into?\" he asked me jokingly. \"Don't worry, just a friendly paint war\" with an emphasis on friendly, which I so didn't mean. I knew he was amused by my idea of fun and he looked very excited. \"Kay, well I'm going back to residence, see you in the morning\" I gave him a little half wave and smile as I walked away. \"Hey wait!\" he called and as I turned around I knew there was a smile on my face. I lifted my eyebrow in question as he stumbled over words of offering to walk me home. I cut him off \"Yea that would be nice, my Ipod's dead so I guess you can be my entertainment\" we walked side by side into the darkness of a warm summer night. With him beside me in darkness, every brush of our arms sent tingles throughout. After a while I realized he still hadn't put a shirt on. \"Do you own a shirt? Or are you a Taylor Lautner wanna-be?\" \"Ha Ha, your funny.\" He said sarcastically. \"And to answer your question, I forgot my shirt at the gym, thanks for reminding me to put it on\" \"Ew, sarcasm is definitely not one of your charms\" It so is. \"Is it pick on Nathan day?\" I laughed at our easy banter. By the time we reached the house, Nathan and I were red in the face with laughter. \"Have a good night, see you tomorrow in the gym, bright and early!\" \"Don't remind me! I'm going to look like the Hulk by the end of the summer. Guys love when girls are twice as strong as them…mmm mmm sexy!\" I said with sarcasm, laughing at the image being conjured in my mind. Nathan smiled sweetly and said that he thought I was perfect just the way I was, normally it would be cheesy and if not being said to me…I would have puked a bit… but in that moment it was perfect. I blushed and quickly said goodnight, walking into the house, leaving Nathan on the front porch. …. Training was really boring, but Nathan made it as fun as you could make working out, getting bruised, and sweating buckets. At noon, I called it quits and so did Nathan—I didn't want to be to tired for our non-date, date. \"I'm gunna go take a shower, if you wouldn't mind waiting two sec's I'd love to walk you home.\" Mmm, shower—Nathan, naked…wet. \"Earth to Haley!\" I guess I spaced out a bit, Nathan stood in front of me, waving a strong hand in front of my eyes with a big smile on his face…does he ever not smile? \"Sorry, shower, yea, I have to have one too,\" I saw his eyes light up. \"Not with you!\" maybe some other time I thought to myself. \"Meet you back here in 10?\" I asked already heading to the change room. \"yup\" was his only reply. The lustful look in his eyes made me gulp, and even as I turned my back to him I felt his eyes undressing me. Not that I minded, id been doing the same for the last couple days. I hurried my shower, threw on a shirt and sweats, and walked out of the steaming change room. Nathan stood waiting by the big gym doors—wearing a shirt for once…gasp—and looking totally gorgeous, no surprise. \"Ready? I asked\" he just smiled in response and opened the door for me. As we walked, I attempted braid my hair, but for some reason I couldn't quite get it. \"Here, let me do it.\" I stopped walking as Nathan stood behind me, his fingers brushed the sensitive skin on my neck as he expertly braided my damp brown locks. \"Done\" my hands automatically went to the back of my head, and there hung a perfectly woven braid. \"Your not gay, right?\" he chuckled. \"No, I had a younger sister, she always needed her hair done, so I did it\" he shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. Had. He had a sister. \"Nate, what happened to your sister?\" he looked crazy sad, \"it was a long time ago…did you just call me Nate? Lucy—my sister—she used to call me that\" I didn't no what to say \"sorry\" was all I could think of. \"It's okay, I like it\" we reached the front porch of the house and he quickly said bye \"see you at 8?\" \"yea of coarse, your living at Burt's right?\" \"Yup, well, see you then. Today was fun, I really like spending time with you\" he smiled and I copied with a smile of my own. \"I like spending time with you too Nate\" with one last breathtaking smile, he was gone. But I would see him tonight... I couldn't wait hope you enjoyed, random, but have you guys watched Rookie blue? If so, what do you thing of a Missy P cross over with stick it and Rookie Blue? If not WATCH IT, its like the most amazing show EVER! Anyhoo, happy holidays![Chapter 4] Hey, so I read the last chapter and hated it so I changed this one a little bit to make me feel better. Hope you guys like it! Alright, I'm badass, I need to smarten up, its just a guy. \"STOP ACTING LIKE A FUCKING GIRL!\" I yelled foolishly at myself in the mirror. Eye liner, sweats, white tank, and converse. im ready. \"Did you see Burt's smoking son? I could just eat him up!\" Joanne exclaimed as I rolled my eyes. \"wow Joanne, you starving yourself so much you goin to result to cannibalism? \" Joanne turned to me and glared, hands on her hips, \"I'm a vegetarian Hayley.\" Oh good god, im outa here. \"Whatever, I'm going out.\" That LOOK appeared on her face and she did a prissy run till she blocked my way to the door. \"Your not allowed to, Burt said that you had to stay in.\" \"I don't give a shit about Burt, so move. Or I'll move you\" Joanne makes the mistake of pushing me. \"wanna fight?\" her face looks scared. \"sure\" Joanne pushes me again, I don't like being pushed, but I don't fight anymore. I quickly get in her face, \"You want to get cut BITCH?\" \"Ah, get away from me! Your such a psycho Hayley!\" I smile. \"Nice one Hayley\" Wei Wei smiles from the couch. \"I thought so, but thanks, anyway, I'm going to go now, in less Joanne is going to stop me?\" I look questioningly at her but she just huffs and stomps up the stairs. \"Where are you going anyway?\" Wei Wie asks with an eyebrow raised. \"to hang with Burt's son\" she looks shocked but fortunately doesn't go off on one of her high speed talks. I wouldn't know any way because I quickly said bye and ran out the door, slipping on my jacket. My crotch rocket is hidden in the barn, I drag it out and find my extra helmet. The roar of the engine is reassuring and calms my nerves. Nathan's place isn't to far away so I get there quickly, he's waiting on the porch in a swath of light. I get off my bike as he stands and I pull off my helmet, shaking my hair a little bit. \"Hey\" he does a small little wave and I say hey back as I hand him the extra helmet. \"nice bike\" \"Thanks, you ready?\" he smiles and the tight light blue shirt he's wearing makes his eyes shine. \"yea, I have to worn you though, I have never been on a bike before\" I didn't think so, I like the fact that I have a talent he doesn't. \"That's okay, put the helmet on and climb on the back\" he looks hesitant. \"I don't want to mess up my hair.\" \"Oh good god, suck it UP!\" but I know he's just joking. He slips the helmet on his head and I slap down the visor. I pull mine on then jump on the bike, slapping the seat behind me. Nathan climbs on and I know he doesn't know where to put his hands. I fix the problem for him by taking his wrists and wrapping them around my middle. He takes one back and flips up his visor \"Oh baby, we haven't even started the date!\" he teases. I pinch the hand still around my waist and yell that its not a date. He slaps down his visor and replaces his hand while I start the bike. Our non-date, date is beginning at one of my ultimate favorite places. Paint world. As I pull into the parking lot Nathans hands stay secure around my waist, I don't think he's digging the whole bike thing. I unclasp his hands and get off, pulling the helmet from my head and helping Nathan off. \"So how was your first motorcycle ride?\" \"Scary as hell but I like being close to you\" he winks and I shove him. \"Fine, you can walk home!\" he smiles wider. \"So what is this place?\" its my turn to smile. \"This is the most colorful place in America!\" he looks confused, \"You'll see\" As we walk through the door I can tell he is still very confused. White zip up jump suits hang from the walls and the paint buckets and grenades are lined beneath. The guy at the desk recognizes me and asks if I want the usual package I agree but ask him to add in my friend. He hands Nathan his suit and me mine. \"what am I supposed to do with this?\" Nathan asks and I tell him to put it on. The guy at the desk tells us that a singles game is beginning, that's the best kind. Nathan and I step into the playing field with our paint grenades and super soakers. The room is totally white, cleaned down after every game. The other contestants blend into the surrounding and Nathan finally gets it, \"Paint war? Seriously Hayley?\" the bell rings as I tell Nate to pull his glasses on and I put mine on. A blue grenade is in my hand. \"Oh Nate, I am SO serious!\" and I break the grenade upon his head. \"Oh its ON!\" Nate yells and I run, dodging other peoples grenades and super soaker sniper shots, the soft floor is beginning to get slippery and as I'm sneaking up on Nate we both slip, landing in a pile of limbs. \"We both laugh, totally covered in paint he splashes a yellow bomb on my head and it runs down my face. \"Two words, PAY, BACK\" as he says each word his face gets closer, he looks down at me and wipes a paint trail from my face and removes his and my goggles. I lean into him, placing my face just millimeters from his, I hold his hair within a fist. I feel his warm breath and just as he's about to kiss me, I whisper \"I hate you\" smiling as I smash a paint bomb on his head. He laughs then growls, \"your dead Hayley!\" I giggle and run away. The non-date, date is going to stay a non-date, date. But maybe I'll let it become something more. Maybe… Kay hope you like it, please, please, please, review ! Thanks :D ","Summary":" First Fanfiction EVER, please go easy on me, i was watching the movie and thought this would be a f"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"Don't Have Nobody To Call My Own","Author":"depplvr12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7177137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Have Nobody to Call My Own Name: Traci Hatchet Sibling: Hatchet Face Looks: Long blonde hair, tan, green eyes Status: Drape Best Friend: Wade \"Cry-Baby\" Walker \"I am so tired of being good.\" The words that might as well have pushed me out of Wade's eyes for life. I looked at Allison and saw that she was walking towards the group. \"Hi!\" Oh, god. She's such a square! \"Wow. You're a pretty little square. Wanna come hang with us Drapes tonight?\" I shot Cry Baby a look. Was I not attractive? I looked down at my clothes. I was wearing my signature Cry-Baby jacket, black leather pants, a white v-neck and red pumps. Well damn, I look hot. I was just about to protest when a yellow convertible flew across the school parking lot. \"Allison Vernon-Williams, get in this car.\" A stern old lady demanded. \"Wow, worried grandmother, how original. Sup grandmammy?\" I said with a smirk. My sister laughed. Poor Hatchet Face, she was born with my mother's looks. I was blessed enough to get my aunt's looks. She's like a cross between Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe. In other words, she is pretty gorgeous. I look nothing like my parents. Speaking of which, I might as well put this out there, I am nothing like my parents. They are trash. Get this; they sell cigarettes…to kids… outside of my school! I swear to God, when I turn 18 I am leaving this town and not looking back. Cry-Baby looked at me and laughed. Cry-Baby was about to respond when Baldwin appeared grabbing hold of Allison. \"What's the trouble, honey? These hoodlums bothering you?\" \"How are things, dear square? Was chess club great today? How about the school glee club?\" I asked Baldwin. He looked at me and glared. \"Zip it, slut.\" I was taken aback. \"Stop it, Baldwin. We were just talking. Grandmother, Baldwin this is Wade Walker.\" \"They call me Cry-Baby. That's my best friend, Traci, and this here is my sister, Pepper.\" Wade said. I blushed because he introduced me before his sister. Oh GOD! When is he gonna realize that I love him? But I'm not a slut. I'm not just gonna throw myself at him like Allison. \"Greetings, Granny-o!\" Pepper smirked. \"Allison's my girl, so hands off, Cry-Baby!\" Baldwin threatened. \"You could've fooled me, square! \" Wade hollered. He then turned his attention to Allison's grandmother. \"Mrs. Vernon-Williams, I hear you're having a talent show out at your charm school today.\" \"I can barely imagine what you would call music.\" Mrs. VW stammered. \"He can sing pretty good.\" I told her. Pretty good was an understatement. \"Well, not good. Haven't you ever heard of the English language?\" Mrs. VW corrected me. \"Well, gee…\" I muttered. \"Don't go flip-out, mama.\" Pepper yelled. \"Yeah, sometimes shook-up old ladies…\" Hatchet licked her knife, which appeared out of nowhere. \"Get cut…\" OHH HATCHET, I love you! She needs a new face but she does what she can. I gave her a high-five as Baldwin exclaims: \"Come on, honey. They're just bums.\" \"I am offended. I have a better GPA then you do, square!\" That wasn't a lie. I am probably the smartest out of our gang. \"Yeah, Mr. Puniverse wants a fat lip!\" Wanda screamed putting her arm on my shoulder. \"I'd like to hear you sing.\" Allison exclaimed with a bubbly look. I rolled my eyes and Cry-Baby almost blushed. WHAT THE HELL! Cry-Baby doesn't blush! That's bullshit! \"I'll say this once and once only. Stay AWAY from my granddaughter, you common juvenile delinquents.\" Mrs. Vernon-Williams said glaring at all of us. \"I resent that. We have done nothing wrong.\" I said with a smirk as I leaned against Cry-Baby's Rolls-Royce. \"Shut up, you whore.\" Baldwin whispered just loud enough for us to hear. \"Let me hit him please!\" Milton said grabbing my arm. Milton was probably one of my greatest friends. I've known him all my life. Our mom's got knocked up at around the same time so our deliveries weren't far apart. Cry-Baby, though, was by far my best friend. \"It was nice talking to you all.\" Allison said, looking rather embarrassed. Her grandmother hit her arm and drove away. \"Well, that was pleasant.\" I said as the car went out of our sight. \"What should we do?\" Cry-Baby asked. \"Well, I say we should follow them.\" Wanda said. \"I kinda wanna scare the shit outta that old bag. Oh and Allison and her grandma, too.\" I laughed and jumped into the front of the car next to Cry-Baby. We chased down the car and the real antics began.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Oh, Gee! .com/cgi/set?id=32263273 Traci's clothes I slid into the front seat and sat next to Cry-Baby and Pepper. He turned on the radio and flew out of the school parking lot. Women & Cadillacs by the Nite Riders came on. Cry-Baby started to sing along. Hatchet and Milton were making out in the back, and Wanda was downing a bottle of liquor in a paper bag. \"I used to have a woman, said she loved me so.\" Cry-Baby looked at me and winked. I smirked and began to sing along with me. \"I think Cry Baby's got a girlfriend!\" Pepper laughed. \"Cry Baby and Allison sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" Milton laughed, bouncing Hatchet up and down on his lap. \"Guys, don't be gross!\" I yelled. Cry Baby reached his arm around my shoulder and I began to giggle. \"Shut up, Milton!\" Cry Baby said. \"Hey, Hatchet, think Cry Baby's got blue balls for the chick?\" Wanda stared at Wade but addressed my sister. \"Allison's a square, Wanda. Cry Baby don't dig squares!\" Hatchet stammered. I began to think about my past. I was Allison's best friend a year ago. I had always been friends with Cry Baby, but I was a square last year. Allison had ditched me, not too long ago, because I had a reputation because of my sister. So, I got rid of all of my good girl clothes and turned to Cry Baby's gang for guidance. They welcomed me with open arms. I had thought I had all but gotten rid of Allison Vernon-Williams. I guess my past just wants to follow me. \"No, she's a 'scrape', part square, part drape.\" Pepper smiled. \"I think she's pretty.\" \"Well, I think she's an attention-seeking whore.\" I grimaced. Had I just said that out loud? I guess I had because Cry-Baby's face tightened. \"Why would you say that?\" Pepper asked. They had obviously forgotten what she had done to me. \"Allison has always wanted what she can't have. Remember what she did to me?\" Everyone shook their head. \"She stopped being my friend because of the people I was related to. She felt Hatchet-Face had a bad reputation because of the gang, and so she dumped me. She just tossed me to the side of the road like an old pair of shoes.\" \"She's changed, Traci.\" Cry Baby muttered. \"I can feel it.\" He took back his arm and grabbed the steering wheel. \"Trust me, Wade. I know Allison. She just wants the thrill of dating a bad boy.\" Cry Baby stayed silent. I had pinched a nerve. I knew it. \"Cry Baby, want some hooch?\" Wanda said waving a whiskey bottle in front of his face. \"I don't drink and drive.\" Wade laughed. He swerved the car around some old guy in his automobile. He saw the yellow convertible and sped up a little. He hit the back of the car and pulled up next to it. \"I got an idea.\" \"Oh, please, listen to me!\" We sang to the car. They began to yell at us to go ahead of us. Wade didn't listen. \"Hold me, baby, squeeze me. Never let me go! I'm not taking chances because I love her so, oh gee, yes I love her. Yes, I need her.\" There was another car coming. \"Cry Baby…\" No response. \"Cry Baby…\" No response. \"WADE!\" I screamed. I never used his full name. He blew a kiss; I didn't know if it was directed to me, or to the car next to us. I smacked his arm and he swerved into the right lane just in time. We all screamed in delight and sped ahead.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Turkey Point Cry Baby parked the car and we all got out with anticipation. Turkey Point was the drape hangout. As we walked towards the pavilion, we saw Mr. and Mrs. Hackett. They were preaching again. \"Teenagers everywhere, repent! Let Jesus Christ be your gang leader! Get out of Turkey Point, before it's too late!\" I rolled my eyes. They were quacks. I believe in God just as much as the next person, but I am pretty sure I won't be damned to hell for hanging out with drapes. Over on the other side of the parking lot, the neighborhood pedophile was taking photos of girls on his bubble-gum pink car. I had quite the last of Toe Joe's speech to the girls. \"You got it, what the hell; why not show it, right? Hey, you!\" Wanda and I stopped walking. \"Yeah, you, the looker with the class A, sealed beam headlights. You wanna pose for Toe Joe?\" Wanda's face scrunched up. \"Beat it, creep.\" \"How about you? The blondie, the hottie to her nottie!\" Toe Joe yelled at me. \"Quit making rhymes, you fat freak!\" I screamed at him. Wanda laughed and I grabbed her arm and pulled her to the rest of the gang. Milton's parents were grilling the gang about Jesus. They hated Hatchet-Face. They claimed that she had Satan in her loins or something like that. \"Imagine our shame. Our only son and he carries illegal weapons, drives fast cars, and wears clothes obviously designed by homosexuals.\" Milton rolled his eyes. \"But he knows better! Jesus is still in his heart!\" His dad yelled through a megaphone. The gang started to walk away. \"Jeez, Mom and Dad, go home. You're embarrassing me! I'm a teenager! I wanna live!\" We started walking to the pavilion again and I was chatting with Cry Baby about motorbikes and cars. He would occasionally stop to give random guys the drape handshake. \"Don't look now. Lenora at 10 o'clock.\" I told Cry Baby. \"Oh, geez, I made eye contact.\" He looked away. \"Look's like somebody lost their laundry.\" Milton said, sarcastically. Lenora was this crazy girl that felt she had a chance with Cry Baby. She was a giant red head with tramp makeup. She was a drape wannabee and everyone knew it. Lenora had on this god-awful pink cotton bathing suit, and it made her look huge. \"Hello, Cry Baby. You scorch me, man.\" She rubbed her thigh, I guess as an attempt to be attractive. There was a very faint outline of the letters CB on her leg. \"Later, Lenora.\" Cry Baby sighed, looking very bored. This happened at least once a day. \"But, Cry Baby, I need a date to tonight's Jukebox Jamboree!\" Lenora whined. \"Well…\" Cry Baby glanced at me. \"I'm taking Traci. So I can't take you, sugar.\" He said, quickly. My heart raced, even though I knew he basically pulled my name out of his ass. \"Wanna see these gunboats? I give, Cry Baby. I give bare second on the first date.\" Lenora pulled on her bathing suit straps, no doubt trying to be seductive. It just made her look trashy. \"Use your mentality and cool down.\" Cry Baby said to her, before walking away. \"What'd you do? Shove a wad of Kleenex up your bra?\" I smirked at her, following Cry Baby. \"Yeah, Lenora, your bosoms ain't nothing!\" Wanda got up in her face. \"Better watch it, Bozo, you might catch a cold!\" Hatchet Face laughed at her. \"My brother wouldn't touch your titties with a ten foot pole. He likes his women bad, Lenora, not cheap.\" I gave Pepper a high five, and we walked to Ramona's house. \"Grandma, we're home!\" We caught Uncle Belvedere bathing in a wash tub out front. \"Uncle Belvedere!\" Cry baby called. \"You caught me in mah birthday suit—buck-naked!\" Belvedere said washing his privates. I just gave him a salute and let him go about his business. He is kinda gangly and the sight of him bathing in a small silver bucket was disturbing enough, without me staring at him. \"God, when is Lenora gonna give it a rest?\" Cry Baby asked, rolling his eyes. \"Probably when you get married.\" Pepper replied. \"Maybe not even then. She may very well stalk you for the rest of your natural born life.\" I patted Cry Baby's shoulder. \"Thanks, Traci.\" Cry Baby said, sarcastically. \"It's 'cause I care about ya.\" I told him, laughing. Pepper started talking to her kids. Snare-Drum was talking about how he stole a car, and Susie-Q was bragging about how she was a big girl and stole six hubcaps. Then the kids ran off because Hatchet was making her \"monster\" faces again. A shot rang out. I immediately flinched. \"God damn gophers diggin' up mah front yard. What are you teenagers waitin' for? Turkey Point is open for business; let's celebrate!\" We cheered and ran inside Ramona's house.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Ramona Rickettes and Uncle Belvedere \"Come on in!\" Ramona and Belvedere ushered us into the front room and we all started talking. Milton immediately ran over to the pool table, and Hatchet followed closely behind. \"Today's a special day for me and your grandmother. We've been together ten whole years!\" Belvedere said grabbing onto Ramona's waist. I clapped my hands and everyone looked at me. \"What? I find it touching.\" I put my head down and Ramona started to talk to the rest of us. \"I'm just so proud of my drape children. Oh, Wanda, you sure is pretty in them tight clothes, all painted up like trash.\" Wanda smiled back at Ramona. \"I wish you and Belvedere were my parents.\" No one could blame her. Wanda's parents were total squares. Her dad was a bus driver and her mom was the lady who worked the cross walk. \"Now, Milton, boy, you are everything a man should be. You're young, stupid, and mean.\" Ramona moved to Milton. \"We're gonna play some cool music for you tonight, Ramona.\" Milton flipped through a magazine smiling. \"And Hatchet-Face, oh honey, you're just like me. Now you put the 'T' in tough. So hard you could've been eating nails for breakfast.\" \"I'd kick a square's ass for you in a minute, Mrs. Rickettes.\" Mona snapped her fingers. Ramona turned to me. I opened up my arms and Ramona pulled me into a hug. \"Traci, dear sweet Traci, it's hard to believe that not a year ago you were a square. I'm happy that you found Cry Baby and now you're a part of the drape family. You're like the daughter I never had.\" She put her lips to my forehead and whispered in my ear. \"Don't you worry, hun. He thinks of you the same way. He may not see it now but he does.\" She was the only one who knew that I loved Cry Baby. I just nodded and sniffed. \"Oh, this is the best gang my grandson could ever have!\" Ramona threw her arms up in the air. Pepper smiled and walked towards Ramona. \"Grandma, I'm so happy all knocked up. I wish I was having triplets.\" She grabbed her stomach. \"Well, we've got a little surprise for your young un in your oven. You show her, Bell.\" Belvedere flipped a switch and a black cradle with skulls and crossbones appeared. \"Aw, Pepper, ain't that cute?\" Cry Baby said as we walked around it. Ramona pulled Cry Baby off to the side and he took my arm and I came with. \"Cry Baby, when you was a boy, you had to be the man of this family.\" Ramona said to Wade. \"And I taught you how to dress, didn't I?\" Belvedere stated. It was almost as if he was attempting to say 'Hey, I am the man of this family'. I giggled a little. \"Sure did, Uncle Belvedere.\" Wade smiled. His little grin always made me happy. \"Oh, well, now you're the future now. You're the only future for this godforsaken family. And I want you to go out and sing. I want you to sing your heart out. You can show him, now, Belvedere.\" She nodded to the skinny man who flipped another switch. \"This took a lot of hubcaps, Cry Baby.\" The wall spun and a motorcycle appeared on the other side. Immediately, Wade's hand reached down and grabbed mine. Shivers went through my whole body. His mouth dropped and he pulled me onto the bike along with him. Everyone was screaming and making sounds of appreciation towards the motorbike in front of their faces. \"Grandmother, Uncle Belvedere, you've made me the happiest juvenile delinquent in Baltimore. And guess what?\" Cry Baby revved the engine and the bike came to life under me. \"I met a girl!\" He screamed. I sighed a little. Nothing could make him see how I feel.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: It may seem like Traci and Cry Baby will never be together but that last chapter showed Traci a lot of signs. It depends how she reads into them. Erik's Note: Well he is a fool if he stays with Traci when Allison is such a sweetheart. Author's note: God, you are here, too? Erik's note: I am the Phantom of the Opera. I'm inside your mind; of course I am here too. Author's note: just read the next chapter Chapter Five: Allison's Visit to the 'Redneck Riviera' Cry Baby rode off to go pick up Allison and the girls pulled me with them to get our new dresses on for the Jukebox Jamboree. The dress that Ramona had picked out for me was cherry red and it was a halter dress. It flared out at the end. I had never worn something like this before. Usually, I just wore pants. This was the prettiest dress I had ever seen. \"Come on, girls! Time to dance!\" Wanda yelled. We screamed in response and grabbed a random drape in the pavilion. I grabbed Dupree's hand and we started dancing together. My mom would kill me if she found out that I was dancing with a black man. We started dancing and doing the twist and the Charleston. It was really fun! We were laughing and dancing and talking to each other. I turned my head and I saw Cry Baby with her . I snapped my fingers and Pepper, Wanda, and Hatchet walked with me towards Allison. \"You been to Turkey Point before?\" Cry Baby asked Allison. \"My grandmother wouldn't let me. She calls it the Redneck Riviera.\" Cry Baby had a disgusted look on his face but he quickly masked it. \"It's where I live. Beautiful, ain't it?\" \"It's wild. But I'm, I'm afraid I'm not gonna fit in here. You know, with your friends and stuff.\" She looked directly at me. I was giving her a death glare as we walked up the hill. \"You're cool, Allison. You just look Square. Underneath it all, I think you're really hep.\" She giggled and I scowled. \"Well, look what the cat dragged in!\" I said in mock surprise. \"What have we here?\" Hatchet echoed. \"If we get one more square up in here, we're gonna have to form a glee club.\" Wanda said nudging me with her elbow. I just laughed and gave Allison a death glare. \"Welcome to the Jukebox Jamboree!\" Pepper gave Hatchet a high five as did Wanda and I. \"These are the Cry Baby girls. That's Wanda.\" Cry Baby started to introduce us all. \"Dig it, babe. You need a new look.\" Wanda spat. \"Don't you got tits? Stick 'em out, for God's sake.\" Hatchet scoffed. \"That's Hatchet Face. She don't mean no harm.\" Cry Baby assured Allison. \"First thing a Cry Baby girl learns, our bazooms are our weapons.\" Pepper grabbed at her chest. \"Now, Pepper's pregnant but she can fight like a man.\" Wade laughed. \"…Allison.\" I spat. \"…Traci.\" She narrowed her eyes. I glared at her. How dare she even attempt to talk to my friends? Cry Baby looked a little funny so Wanda cut the ice. \"I wouldn't be caught dead in a full skirt.\" \"Hey girls, what do you think? Let's give Allison a bad-girl beauty makeover. Are you game?\" Pepper smirked at Allison. \"Sure.\" She narrowed her eyes and sauntered forward. \"You think I got what it takes?\" Allison stuck her chest out. \"Whoa!\" Wanda, Pepper and Hatchet yelled. I just rolled my eyes. \"You got it, Allison. You got it raw.\" Chills ran down my spine. The girls ran off with Allison and got her changed but I stayed back with Cry Baby. Before they ran off, Allison approached me. \"Enjoy him while you can. Cry Baby is mine.\" She whispered in my ears. \"What do you want, you horrid bitch?\" I countered. She just smirked and walked away. \"Could you attempt to think with your brain and not your dick? Your three seconds away from a boner, right now.\" I yelled at Wade. \"I know you don't like her but she's changed.\" Wade looked at me. \"No, she hasn't! Allison doesn't like you!\" I screamed. \"What are you talking about?\" Wade's eyes narrowed. \"She is only giving you attention because she knows I have loved you for years!\" I yelled at him. Had I just said that out loud? Apparently so, Wade's face softened a little. \"You love me?\" \"Um, yes, for years now.\" I put my head down. \"I loved you, too.\" My ears perked up. He had said 'loved.' \"Loved?\" \"I have to give this thing with Allison a try.\" My eyes filled with tears and I ran back to the pavilion. I heard him scream my name but I didn't turn back. It wasn't enough that Allison took my reputation; she succeeded in taking my one love away from me.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six: King Cry Baby Let's see… where did we leave off? Oh, right. Cry Baby just rejected me. Me. For ALLISON! I hate my life. So after I ran into the pavilion, Ramona approached me. She noticed that I had tears staining my cheeks. \"What's wrong, sweetheart?\" She asked me. \"Wade totally just dismissed me for Allison.\" I sniffled and wiped my eyes. She gave me a sad look and pulled me in for a hug. \"Don't let him get to you, honey. You just gotta let it go. One day, he will realize that he missed out on the greatest girl in the world.\" She smiled at me. \"Thanks, Ramona.\" I let her go and the band started to play. \"Woops, I gotta go. See you in a bit, baby girl!\" She ran up on the stage and grabbed the microphone. \"Hey, hey, hey! Dig it all you hep cats and cool chicks! You know me, Ramona Rickettes! Now let me introduce you to the Cry Baby Combo… Milton, Pepper, Wanda, Hatchet-Face.\" They all came running out and grabbed their instruments. I stayed in the audience. I didn't know how to play an instrument. \"And now the baddest baby of them all, the man you came here for, the big boo-hoo, the terrible teardrop, ladies and gentleman, my grandson, Cry Baby!\" He walked out onto the stage with Allison on his arm. I was disgusted. She looked like a tramp. This is a nice event and she is wearing pants. Ugh, no class. He nodded her off and she went to go stand in the audience. Of course, she stood by me. \"Wrong idea right now.\" I said to her. She didn't have time to respond because Cry Baby started to sing. \"Well, one for all and all for one, and all we want is to have some fun. Squares beware of our property. Yeah, if you're looking to rumble, you're looking at me 'cos I'm the king. 'Cos I'm the king. Yeah, I'm the king. King Cry Baby with a tear in my eye. And if you mess with the king you're gonna cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. Well, I was born on the wrong side of the tracks in the back seat of a stolen Cadillac. I had my first cigarette before I could walk, and I was strumming this guitar before I could talk. 'Cos I'm the king. Yeah, I'm the king. Oh, I'm the king. A king cry baby with a tear in my eye. If you mess with the king, you're gonna cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. \"Well, I'm a lonely king who needs a queen. Yeah, you're the sweetest hunk of sugar that I've ever seen. Ain't got a ring or crown, but if I had your love, I'd lose these Cry Baby blues!\" Hatchet started doing a solo on her giant saxophone. Cry Baby beckoned for Allison to come on stage. She was shell-shocked and wouldn't move. So Ramona pushed me forward and I ran up the stage. Cry Baby had a confused look on his face. \"Well, let people talk, I don't care. Let me prove to you, daddy, that I ain't no square!\" I grabbed the microphone and shrugged. \"You be my queen and I'll be your king. Yeah, but if you leave my hive, you're gonna feel my sting. 'Cos you're my queen.\" Cry Baby hesitated at first but then got into it. \"You're the king!\" I smiled and started to shake my hair. \"King, queen!\" We sang together. \"A king Cry Baby with a queen by my side!\" I put my arms up and danced. \"And if you mess with us, man, you're gonna cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. Cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry. Cry, baby, cry, baby, cry, baby, cry!\" Wanda ran forward and crashed her triangle as we stopped singing. Cry Baby smiled and snaked his hand around my waist. \"Great job, Traci!\" He looked me in the eyes. \"You have a great voice. Now if you excuse me, I gotta talk to Allison.\" Wade removed his arm and left to go to Allison, who gave me a smirk. I flicked her off and they both walked to the kissing field. I dropped my shoulders and quietly walked off stage.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven: The Kissing Field Cry Baby's POV: \"Kiss me hard.\" I told Allison as we sat on a blanket in the kissing field. She pressed her lips to mine and I licked her bottom lip for entrance. \"I've never given a French kiss before.\" She told me, looking into my eyes. It figures. Baldwin didn't look like the type of guy to take initiative and kiss the girl like a man. I gave her an intense look. \"Watch. It's easy. You just open your mouth,\" Allison parted her lips and I licked her upper lip. \"And I open mine,\" Again. \"And we wiggle our tongues together.\" She opened her mouth fully and her tongue began to move with mine. I grabbed her tongue with my lips and sucked on it when I pulled apart. \"And it feels really sexy.\" I growled. \"I won't get mononucleosis, will I?\" I rolled my eyes a bit at that question. She really didn't know what she was doing. \"No, Allison. Just try it. If you don't like it, I promise I'll stop.\" Or just convince you to keep going. I'm very good at persuading others. She started to breath heavily and moved her mouth up to mine. Jesus, it felt like she was trying to swallow me whole. I'll give her one thing, though. She's a fast learner. Her tongue moved with mine and she licked the roof of my mouth, sending a shiver down my spine. I lightly pushed her shoulders down so she was lying on top of the blanket. Allison continued to kiss me and rub my back. It was nice, I'll say that, but I wanted more. I took my hand and slowly moved it up her torso, never breaking away from her mouth. I grabbed onto her breast through her shirt but she quickly moved her hand away. I will get what I want. I have to convince her somehow. \"I'm sorry, Allison. It's just that you're so beautiful.\" She gave me a look. \"I wanna let you, but I can't. For my parent's sake. Cry Baby, they're both dead. I'm an orphan.\" Oh, geez, is she gonna tell me her life story now? \"I'm sorry, Allison. No wonder we're together. I'm an orphan, too.\" I stared off into space, thinking of my parents. \"You are?\" Honestly, where has this girl been? Everyone knew I was an orphan. Too much talking. Not enough making out. \"Yes. And orphans have special needs.\" I gave her a hungry look. She took my hand and moved it to her breast. \"Just on the outside of the shirt, okay?\" I smirked. \"Is it okay with you?\" I didn't really listen because I moved my lips down to her neck, gently nipping and sucking on the skin under her jaw. \"Yes. Oh, yes!\" She moaned. \"My parents were, they were good people and they loved me.\" She said, in between breaths. \"I want you. I need you. I love you, too, Allison.\" I knew this would make her trust me more, even if I didn't really mean what I said. I moved back to her neck, praising the sweet skin I was kissing. \"They had to go on a business trip together. It was their first airplane ride. Oh, Cry Baby, your fingers feel so good!\" She moaned. I smirked into her neck. \"I've been saving it up for a girl like you, honey.\" I moved down and kissed between her breasts making a trail back up to her neck. She continued telling me this story. I didn't really care but I wasn't about to tell her that. \"Mummy and Daddy took separate planes for safety. In case one plane crashed, I'd still have a living parent. But, Cry Baby, both planes crashed and I never saw my parents alive again.\" Suddenly, there was a giant stroke of lightning and I stood up in a rage. \"God damn! Lightning!\" I screamed. \"What's the matter, Cry Baby?\" Allison asked me. \"Everything's the matter!\" I yelled in an annoyed tone. \"It's just a thunderstorm. Heat lightning. It's sexy.\" She attempted to give me a seductive look. It didn't work. \"It's not sexy. Electricity makes me insane.\" I pointed to my head, as if I to say I was going crazy. \"Why, Cry Baby, why?\" \"Here's why!\" I ripped open my shirt to reveal the giant tattoo of the electric chair on my chest. In retrospect, getting that tattoo was probably not a very smart decision on my part. \"Electricity killed my parents!\" I yelled. \"They died in the electric chair?\" No, really? How thick was this chick? \"That's right, Allison. My father was the 'Alphabet Bomber.' He may have been crazy, but he was my pop. The only one I ever had.\" I squatted down next to her, so she could look me in the eyes. \"God. I heard about the 'Alphabet Bomber'. Bombs exploding in the, in the airport and the barbershop.\" Allison stated. \"That's right. All in alphabetical order. Carwash,\" I looked away. \"Drugstore. I used to lay in my cradle and hear him scream in his sleep. 'A, B, C, D, E, F, G… BOOM! BOOM!'\" My body shook with rage. \"But your mom?\" \"My mother tried to stop him. She couldn't even spell, for Christ's sake, but they fried her, too. But I'll pay them all back, Allison. That's why every day, I gotta do something rotten, for my parent's sake, and I cry for what I have to do.\" Allison's chest heaved with excitement. \"But not much though. One,\" I took a step with every word. \"Single. Salty. Tear. Is all they'll ever suck out of this Cry Baby.\" I stared at Allison as the one tear fell out of my eyes. She picked up her head and licked the tear off my face. There was a hungry look in my eyes as I pushed her down on the blanket once more. Author's Note: This one is basically regurgitating the movie but the next chapter is where the plot line will REALLY start to develop! So watch out for that! :)[Chapter 8] Dear Readers, This is a giant ass author's note because I feel like I am going to have some conflict coming up soon. I have school coming up in a couple of days and I am not going to be able to post stories as frequently. I would like everyone to stay patient with me. I will finish my stories; I do not abandon; I just take my time. I will be posting a poll that goes along with this. I will put this as a chapter in each of my stories! Thank you for reading and reviewing. I love getting messages and reviews from you guys it makes me feel loved as an author. Thanks! :) Love, Depplvr12[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight: Squares vs. Drapes Traci's POV: Everyone around me was making out with the person they were dancing with. Well, this is awkward. Dupree knew of my love for Cry Baby so he didn't force me to do anything. We just stood and watched as everyone, including the kids, exchanged saliva. I heard a commotion on top of the hill and I turned my head. There were a bunch of people and they set Cry Baby's bike on fire! \"CRY-BABY!\" I yelled. Everyone stopped dancing and looked at the hill. That was when all hell broke loose. Third Person POV: Cry Baby pushed himself off of Allison and stood up. Something was wrong. Something was horribly wrong. The bike! Cry Baby groaned in anger and buttoned up his shirt. The bike was gonna be burnt to a crisp. It rolled down the hill and smashed into the jukebox, shutting off the music. The squares had infiltrated Drape territory. Baldwin got into it with several Drapes, including Milton and he tried to go after the kids but Ramona hit him in the head with a cymbal and he fell to the ground with a great thud. Everyone was trying to protect themselves against the squares. Suddenly, there were sirens everywhere. The police were coming to stop the fights. Cry Baby knocked out a square trying to get to his bike. Lenora came running towards Cry Baby with her arms spread out. He just pushed past her and she fell into the mud. Allison held out her hand to help the poor girl up. Lenora balanced on one elbow. \"But, I'm going to have his baby!\" Lenora cried. Allison's eyes grew black with fury. How dare he lead her on like this? I knew it. I can't trust anyone. He isn't even that hot, anyway. I don't need Cry Baby. She turned and saw Baldwin calling her name. \"Allison!\" He screamed. She ran to him and grabbed his hand. \"Oh, my God. What have they done to you?\" Baldwin gulped. \"Allison, come home. They beat me and kicked me. All because I love you!\" Allison gave him a smile and squeezed his hand tighter. Cry Baby flew out of the pavilion and growled at Allison, seeing her with Baldwin. \"Get on!\" \"No! Come on, Baldwin. Let's get you to the ambulance!\" Allison pulled Baldwin up and pushed him towards the ambulance. \"What the hell! I brought you here and you betray me!\" Cry Baby yelled at Allison. \"Fuck you, Cry Baby!\" Allison screamed over her shoulder. \"Go have fun with that skank you call your best friend!\" Cry Baby was fuming now. How dare she speak of Traci like that? Traci was the nicest, kindest, sweetest person he had ever met. And he just dismissed her for Allison, who never really cared about him in the first place. How could he do this? \"CRY BABY!\" Someone yelled. Cry Baby turned his head and saw a Square pulling on Traci's skirts dragging her through the mud. \"Traci!\" Cry Baby charged toward the square and punched him in the jaw. He pulled Traci off the ground and pulled her into a hug. \"I'm so sorry, Traci! I should've listened to you. I never should've went to Allison.\" \"Its okay, Wade. I'm still your best friend.\" She tightened her grip on him and it felt as if she could hold on forever. Suddenly, two cops came and yanked Traci off of Cry-Baby. \"Come on! Get in the truck!\" They yelled. Traci's eyes began to water. \"CRY BABY!\" She screamed. \"Traci, I'm sorry I got you locked up. But tonight…well…you are the best friend I could ever have!\" Cry Baby tried to push toward her. The cops were having a hard time holding him back. \"What about Allison?\" Traci put up a fight with the officers, too. \"Allison ain't nothing to me. I swear on my daddy's grave. I'm burning inside to touch you, baby!\" The cops forced him into the truck and slammed the door closed. Did he just say what she thought he said? Of course, the second he admits that he wants her, he gets taken away. A/N: I'm sorry I haven't posted in a while! SCHOOL SUCKS! But finals are over so I will definitely be posting more over the winter holidays. Here is a little Christmas gift for you guys. I hope you enjoyed it! I had the majority of it written but I didn't have time to finish it. But yeah, plot is moving forward! And no more Allison! : ) I'm sorry it's short and I have a void to fill. Yes, I know. But this should make up for it. Merry Christmas![Chapter 10] A/N: I am sorry, I said I would update more but then I never did. I feel like the worst writer ever. But here is another chapter. Again, I am sorry! DISCLAIMER: I don't own the Cry Baby movie/script. I only own Traci. Chapter Nine: The Court Room The cops pushed us through the doors and we stood in front of the judge's podium. The room was filled with people. It made me wonder. Why the HELL are there so many people here? I maybe recognize 6 people in this whole courtroom. \"Order! Order in this courtroom!\" The judge pounded his gavel on the stand. I raised an eyebrow and stared at him. \"What a sad vision of today's youth. The juvenile authorities have had it with these drape gangs!\" The judge yelled. \"Bullshit.\" I muttered under my breath, looking around. Cry Baby put his hand on the small of my back, silencing me. \"Milton Hackett, Wanda Woodward, Mona Malnorowski, also known as Hatchet Face, Traci Malnorowski, you are blights on this community. Are the parents here?\" The judge called out. \"Yes, your Honor.\" Milton's dad stood up. He and his nut job wife were there, of course, holding a bible and a cross. What is this? An exorcism? \"We've been praying all night for our son.\" Milton looked at his shoes. \"Praying so hard, we've got headaches!\" Apparently, they were done because Wanda's parents stood up. \"Hiya, Wanda, honey!\" Her dad called. \"You were on the radio!\" Her mom raved. Wanda's eyes widened with rage. \"Would you just get me the fuck out of here!\" The mother's eyebrows furrowed. \"What's fuck mean, Hector?\" Her dad responded rather fast. \"Oh, Maggie, it's just a teen nonsense word Wanda uses to make herself feel all grown up.\" Her mom chuckled in realization. \"Your Honor, could we take Wanda the fuck home?\" The courtroom erupted in laughter. I chuckled, too. Only because she said it with such innocence. \"ORDER! ORDER IN THIS COURTROOM!\" The judge hollered again. God, this man is getting on my nerves. \"Hear that, your Honor? It's a sign!\" Milton's dad called. His wife was speaking some strange gibberish. \"She's speaking in tongues! God's in her gullet, and he's in yours too! Let him out! Let the words of the savior be heard!\" They slowly sank down into their chairs. My GOD, that family is crazy. \"Order, order! No WONDER your children are in trouble! And you, Miss Mona, my word, that's a shame about your face!\" Mona looked at her shoes. My eyes filled with rage. \"There's nothing the matter with her face! It ain't her fault she's got character!\" I hollered, stepping in front of the podium. The judge glared at me. \"I see that your parents haven't taken the trouble to come and get you.\" I looked at Mona. \"Wouldn't be surprised if they're in jail themselves.\" Hatchet smirked and we looked back at the judge. \"Oh, yes, we did!\" I heard my father's voice ring out. I turned my head and of course, there they were. My mom was in one of those giant tubes, again. \"You happy now, girls? Huh? Ya finally did it! You put your own mother in an iron lung!\" I rolled my eyes. \"Don't worry. It's not our fault that she smokes like a chimney.\" I spat. \"Speaking of cigarettes, Mrs. Malnorowski! There is no smoking in this courtroom!\" The judge yelled. \"Why not! I pay taxes on cigarettes, don't I? And what do I get for those taxes! Happiness? HELL NO! I get tuberculosis!\" Suddenly, a wheel on her cart gave out. \"Aw, Christ, now I got a flat tire!\" The judge slowly stood up. \"I am going to release these delinquents to their parent's custody. And if they were my own, I'd give them a bare-assed whipping!\" \"PLEASE! I'D RATHER GO TO JAIL!\" I ran to the podium. \"JUST CUFF ME AND SEND ME OFF, PLEASE!\" I cried. Cry Baby ran forward and held me back. \"Traci, stop it! Don't let that happen to you! You can have a good life! Just stop trying to get yourself in more trouble!\" Wade pulled me away. \"Ramona and Belvedere Ricketts, I find you guilty of disturbing the peace and I fine the both of you $1,000!\" The judge told them. \"But that's all we have!\" Ramona wailed. \"How are we supposed to live?\" Belvedere responded. One of the children put a spitball in his eye. \"DAMN YOU! Handcuff those brats!\" He ordered the guards. \"Don't you dare take her children!\" I yelled, pushing against the cops. \"Don't touch them!\" Pepper yelled. \"And you, Pepper Walker, I'm going to have you two children put in the custody of the Chatterbox Orphanage until they are adopted by God-fearing parents, who will at least give them Christian names!\" He motioned some old lady over and she took the kids away, much to our dismay. \"Wade Walker, better known as Cry Baby, what a sad and silly name for a young man.\" Cry Baby was trying really hard to go after the kids but now he was being held back. \"You were the ring leader in tonight's gang war!\" \"That's bullshit! We were just singing together!\" I told the judge. \"Judge, let Traci go, and I'll take the full blame. I didn't mean no harm, your Honor. I may be a Drape, but I love her. If that's a crime, I'll stand convicted.\" \"Your Honor, you better not be prosecuting my baby girl!\" My Aunt Elizabeth burst through the door. There she goes, always making an entrance. My face broke into a giant grin. She would defend me. I knew that this was serious since she was here. I wouldn't have to go back to my parents. \"Aunt Elizabeth!\" I yelled. I didn't think I'd ever been this happy to see her in my whole life. \"Did you hear me, your majesty!\" She spat. \"I said let my baby girl go!\" Aunt Elizabeth crossed her arms over her black and white polka dot dress. Her auburn hair was draped over shoulders and her huge eyes were narrowed staring down the judge. \"I am going to let Traci and Mona go this one time, because you are a fine and beautiful woman, Miss Elizabeth,\" The judge told her. Aunt Elizabeth just kept her eyes narrowed and tapped her foot. \"But not you, Cry-Baby Walker! The only place you're going to sing is in jail !\" \"NO!\" I yelled. I immediately grabbed onto Wade's arm determined on not letting him go. \"I find you guilty of rampant juvenile delinquency!\" The judge told him. Cry Baby stuck his finger in his ear as if he couldn't hear the judge correctly. \"I hereby sentence you to the Maryland Training School for boys, until your 21st birthday!\" \"HA!\" Cry Baby screamed. \"Court dismissed! LOCK HIM UP!\" The judge ordered. The little crowd in front of the judge's chair broke into hysterics. All of us were hollering about how Cry Baby would be leaving. \"You can't lock up his music!\" Ramona yelled. I was in a state of shock. I tried to get past the guards but they wouldn't let me. The officers were pulling Wade out of the door. I stared at him as they pulled him away. \"I'll get out, sugar dumplin'! I'll get out if it's the last thing I do, I swear!\" He struggled against the officer's hold, but finally, they got him through the door. Suddenly, I found my voice and let out a bloodcurdling scream, \"CRY BABY!\" ","Summary":" Don't Have Nobody to Call My Own Name: Traci Hatchet Sibling: Hatchet Face Looks: Long blonde hair,"},{"Movie":"Cry-Baby","Title":"CryBaby My Way","Author":"Reader128","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5304312","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A.N. I decided that there needed to be more Cry-Baby stories on this site. So I'm gonna try and write one. No, this is not gonna be totally about Allison. I'll probably swap back and forth about who a certain section is about. The main characters (Allison, Cry-Baby, etc.) are all 16, almost 17. Sophomores in high school. Disclaimer: I own nothing. This movie came out 7 ½ months before I was born, so it would've been kinda hard for me to have any part in making it. I'm just tweaking the plot for my amusement. Allison Vernon-Williams was observant, if she said so herself. She had grown up with her grandmother, after her parents were killed, hearing horrible things about the drapes. She had heard every story imaginable about them . She wasn't quite sure if she believed those stories. She had been watching them at school whenever she could since her grandmother started telling tales, and the stories didn't seem to match the real personality of the drapes. She had been told that they were nothing but ignorant, no-account delinquents. She had been told that they cared for nothing and were worth nothing. Like was said earlier, she wasn't sure if she believed that. One of the first stories she had heard was that they were ignorant. She could easily disprove that... Wade \"Cry-Baby\" Walker, the leader of the drapes (at least those in high school) had the highest grade in math in the school. His sister, Pepper, was the same in pretty much every other class and second in math. Not that anyone else knew this particular fact; it was a close kept secret that Allison only found out by accident. (That's a story that will not be gotten into at this time.) The second story involved something about how they would sell their own family if it would help them. That one was so easy to disprove that it took no time at all. Allison had seen Cry-Baby knock the lights out of a \"square\" who had said some awful things about Pepper, once he heard about it two days later. The square ended up with two black eyes and a broken nose. Pepper couldn't do anything about it at the time because she had been told, by their principal, that if she got into another fight she would be kicked out of school. She needed to graduate for her children's sakes (she had two already and one on the way). So, Allison couldn't believe her grandmother's stories. Allison was a square. One of the privileged members of society. She dressed in full-length skirts and blouses that showed absolutely nothing at all. She kept her hair up most of the time, and her make-up was very discrete (as in, basically non-existent). She kept to pastel colors and tight slacks were forbidden. All of her square friends were pretty much the same. The girls dressed just like her, and the boys kept to very modest clothing as well. No blue jeans or t-shirts for them. No way. The were clean-cut (no long-hair for them). All the squares were kinda boring to tell the truth. They were the good kids, the ones who never got in trouble. The drapes, on the other hand, had very little. They were the lowest on society's ladder; well, maybe not the lowest but close to it. The girls wore skirts with slits up to their thighs or tight slacks and blouses that were tight and only somewhat modest. They wore bold make-up that made their eyes and lips stand out. Their hair was curled and allowed to flow down their backs and around their faces. They wore bright colors. The boys wore jeans, t-shirts, and button-up shirts (which were worn unbuttoned). Some also wore leather jackets. The collars on the shirts and jackets were popped up instead of folded down. Their hair was long enough to be slicked back (with a little twig hanging down in the front of course). The drapes had fun. They did what they wanted. They were the juvenile delinquents, the ones who got in trouble for everything... even if it wasn't their fault. (Not that they didn't do anything to get in trouble, but no one believed them when they didn't, if that makes sense.) Allison had been watching the drapes for... she couldn't remember how long she had been watching them. Specifically, she had been watching Cry-Baby and his gang. She'd had a crush on him for two years now, since eighth grade. She knew though that he would never go out with a square, so she started dating Baldwin in the hope that she could get over Cry-Baby... that plan was useless and didn't work at all. Going out with Baldwin just proved that her crush was much more than a crush... she loved Cry-Baby. Now, she just had to figure out how to tell him and how to get him to love her back.... A.N. So what do you think? Should I continue this? If even one person says \"continue,\" I will. I need reviews! They feed my muse.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Yeah, right! Like I could have any ownership rights to a movie that came out before I was born! I do own a copy of the Director's Cut of the DVD. A.N. If someone knows how old the title characters are in the movie, can they tell me please? Now... ONWARD! Wade \"Cry-Baby\" Walker was smarter than most people thought. He was the smartest kid in his math class and second to his sister in everything else (he only beat his sister by a few points in math). So, it stands to reason that, when someone watches him (and his friends, but especially him) for several years, he would notice. He noticed the looks that Allison Vernon-Williams gave them, gave him. He knew that Allison had seen his, and his sister's, school records. He knew that she knew why he punched out that square... why he had to break that square's nose (and knock out some teeth). The stories that he had heard about the squares from his grandmother, who raised him after his parents were killed, didn't seem to totally match Allison, but they did match a lot of the other squares perfectly. The stories said that the squares were really rich, really snooty, and all-around good-guys. This girl was rich, no doubt about that, but she wasn't snooty and she had a bad streak. A bad streak that her friends and relatives didn't seem to notice. All of her friends were rich (as in they lived in mansions and went to the RSVP charm school) and snooty, so there had to be something to those stories. He knew that she wasn't totally a square. There was no way she could be. No true square would observe the drapes for so long without giving them a look . She never gave them that look that they usually got from squares... that snotty look that just screamed \"I'm better than you. You don't deserve to be in my presence, filthy cretin.\" Cry-Baby thought that Allison didn't know how to use that look... until he saw her use it on her self-proclaimed boyfriend, Baldwin. Cry-Baby didn't know what the square had done to deserve that look, and to be honest, he didn't care. It was just funny to watch a square be on the receiving end of the look. Cry-Baby had probably been watching Allison for as long as she'd been watching the drapes. He knew that he had had a crush on her for at least two years... two years that is before his feelings got stronger. Between watching her and protecting his sister (and his gang) at school, his crush had turned into something stronger. He didn't want to call it love, not until he talked to her anyway. He couldn't speak to her at school without her approaching him first. The teachers would think that he was harassing her if he approached her first. It may seem backwards, but she had to come to him . All he had to do was convince her, without words, to come up and introduce herself... A.N. So far, I have a total of 1 review(s). That is not enough! Please give me more! How is my muse supposed to survive without the thoughts of reviewers? I know that this chapter is slightly shorter than the one before it, but I didn't have to explain as much in this one.[Chapter 3] A.N. Hi! I'mnback! How am I doing so far? I am serious about reviews. I'm stillnnot sure how old the characters are supposed to be, so they stay 16.nAny questions? No? Good! Disclaimer: Inown nothing, except the plot, and I don't even completely own that. Infound a web site with the script on it, so I'm gonna be using that anlot to get the words right. I will change some things though. Most ofnmy changes will be small, but they will make a difference. I mightnthrow in an OC, but I'm not sure yet. If there's anyone you don'tnrecognize, I may or may not own them. Chapter 1 Allison Allison had finally figured out how to approach Cry-Baby. Today was the day of the polio vaccinations. Everyone was beingnherded to the gym, whether they wanted to be there or not. Mostnpeople, squares and drapes alike, came on their own. Cry-Baby wasnanother matter. Four people were sent after him. They returned withnhim right as Allison had to get her shot. He pulled his arms out ofntheir grips and sauntered up to the shot chair. Two people get theirnshots at a time, so she sat next to Cry-Baby as they got their shots.nHe pulled down his leather jacket to give the doctor and nurse accessnto his arm. He had two tattoos on his upper arm (one was an Indiannhead, the other was his name). She tried not to stare at him, but shencouldn't help it. She just loved the way he looked. She looked overnat him and quickly looked away when she noticed that he was lookingnat her, too. This happened a few times before he looked right at hernand cried a single tear. She couldn't take it anymore. She had tontalk to him... today. By the time that she was done in the gym, school was over for thenday. She had seen the \"Cry-Baby Kids,\" as that what Cry-Baby'sngang was called, leave a few minutes earlier. She looked around. Mr.nand Mrs. Malnorowski, Hatchet-Face's parents (she was one of thenCry-Baby Kids), were selling cigarettes on one side of the parkingnlot. Mrs. Woodword was forcing students to look both ways beforencrossing the parking lot. Then, as Mr. Woodward's bus pulled out ofnthe way, she saw them leaning up against Cry-Baby's car, not thirtynfeet from where she was. \"I'm so tired of being good!\" she said to herself as she startednto walk towards him... them. Cry-Baby had seen her. He lit a match,npointed it at her, then put it in his mouth, chewing on it for a fewnseconds before spitting it out. As soon as she got over to where theynwere standing, she said, \"Hi!\" Cry-Baby started circling her. \"Well,\" he said, \"you're anpretty little square. Want to hang out with us drapes tonight?\" Henlooked right in her eyes as he said that last bit. She so wanted to say yes, or at least shake her head, but someoneninterrupted. \"Allison Vernon-Williams, get in this car!\" her grandmotherncalled from behind her. \"These hoodlums bothering you?\" Baldwin asked from right next tonher as he wrapped his arm around her. \"No, no we were just talking,\" she explained, \"Grandmother,nBaldwin, this is Wade Walker.\" She looked at him, trying to conveynthat she really wanted to go with him, that she liked him a lot. \"Theyncall me Cry-Baby,\" he said, putting his arm around the girl next tonhim. \"This here is my sister,nPepper.\" \"Greetings, Granny-O,\" Pepper said, looking at Mrs.nVernon-Williams, who looked shocked to be spoken to by a drape. During all this, Cry-Baby kept his eyes on Allison. He seemed to benpicking up on what she wanted to say. Baldwin noticed this and had tonsay something. \"Allison's my girl, so hands off, Cry-Baby!\" Cry-Baby's attention shifted to Baldwin. \"You could have foolednme, square,\" he stated calmly. \"Mrs. Vernon-Williams,\" hencontinued, \"I hear you're having a talent show at your charm schoolntoday.\" Mrs. V-W (as Mrs. Vernon-Williams, her name is entirely too long,nwill now be called when not in dialogue), looked down her nose atnhim, \"I can barely imagine what you would call music.\" He looked at her and smirked, \"I can sing pretty well.\" Mrs. V-W looked shocked that he knew how to speak correctly. Shendidn't know what to say to that. \"Come on, honey. They're just bums,\" Baldwin said, putting hisnarm around Allison to lead her to the car. Wanda Woodward, one of the Cry-Baby Kids, said, \"Mr. Puniversenwants a fat lip.\" Atnthat, Baldwin jumped into the car. ( A.N.: Brave, isn't he? Running scared from a tiny blond girl! Ha!) \"I'd like to hear you sing,\" Allison said to Cry-Baby, staringnat him, making sure that he knew she was telling the truth. Mrs. V-W looked like she wanted to tell Cry-Baby to stay away fromnher granddaughter, but was too shocked to do so. Instead, she justndrove off, thinking about what just happened. As her grandmother started to drive off, Allison said, \"It wasnnice talking to you all.\" A.N. Well,nI'm letting Mrs. V-W learn to like Cry-Baby a little earlier than innthe movie, and moving the plot along at the same time. What do younthink? I say again, I need reviews. I have (1) so far. What's up withnthat?[Chapter 4] A.N. I think I've figured out thenformat for my story. I'm not gonna delve into the characters'nthoughts, but I am going to swap back and forth between Allison andnCry-Baby each chapter. If you don't understand, look at the chapterntitles, they will give you a clue. (I am sorry if that soundednsarcastic. It's kinda late when I'm writing this.) Disclaimer: Do you honestlynthink that if I owned this I would be writing fanfiction? Chapter 1:nCry-Baby Cry-Baby was trying to figure out how to convince Allison to talk tonhim, without him actually saying anything. He completely forgot aboutnthe vaccinations today. So, when four guys came at him intent tonforce him to the gym, he was not happy. He still had not figured outna plan, and he had been trying for several hours (it's not like hisnteachers cared if he paid attention or not, the drapes never answerednquestions in class anyway). Two of the guys grabbed his arms, thenothers put their hands on his back to push him and grab him if henran. He was pulled into the gym and pushed roughly towards the frontnof the line. He yanked his arms free and walked towards the front ofnthe line, ignoring Lenora Frigid when she tried to get in his way.nAllison was the next in line on the left side, so he walked to thenright side and sat down on the stool. He pushed his jacket down tonbare his arm for the doctor and the nurse. He looked at Allison andnnoticed her staring at him. Both looked down when they noticed thenother staring. They did this at least twice. He then knew how to getnher to talk to him. The next time she looked at him, he looked rightnin her eyes and cried a single tear from his left eye... hisnsignature move. From the look in her eyes, he knew he had hernattention. After he got his shot, he and the rest of the Cry-Baby Kids (Milton,nHatchet-Face, Pepper, and Wanda) gathered outside the school.nHatchet-Face's mother called her name, trying to get her to help themnsell cigarettes to the students just getting out of school. Shenignored them, and the Kids went to lean on the car with the radionturned on... after getting around Wanda's mother (the crossingnguard), who made them look both ways before crossing the parking lotnand called them \"good teenagers\" when they followed herndirections. Wanda's dad pulled up in his school bus asking if shenwanted a ride home and told her that they could count out-of-statenlicense plates together. She told him to leave, and he pulled the busnout of the parking lot. That's when Cry-Baby saw Allison. She was about thirty feet away,nstaring at him. She started towards them, and he decided to playnalong with the look she was sending him. He lit a match with hisnteeth and pointed it at her. He put it in his mouth to put it out,nchewed on it a little, and spit it out on the sidewalk. She wasnfinally standing in front of him. She said, \"Hi!\" He started circling her just to look at her and said, \"Well,nyou're a pretty little square. Want to hang out with us drapesntonight?\" He looked right in her eyes as he said this. He reallynwanted her to say yes. She looked like she wanted to say yes; she even opened her mouth tonanswer when she was interrupted. Her grandmother pulled up behind her in a white convertible andnstated, \"Allison Vernon-Williams, get in this car!\" Baldwin, who thought of himself as Allison's one and only, came upnbehind her and wrapped his arm around her shoulders and asked, \"Thesenhoodlums bothering you?\" \"No, no we were just talking,\" she tried to explain,n\"Grandmother, Baldwin, this is Wade Walker.\" She looked right atnhim. Her eyes were saying how much she liked him and how much shenwanted to go with him. Cry-Baby decided to help her out a little. \"They call me Cry-Baby.nThis here is my sister, Pepper,\" he said putting his arm around hisnsister. \"Greetings, Granny-O,\" Pepper stated. Cry-Baby kept his eyes on Allison and missed Mrs. Vernon-Williams'snaffronted look. He told Allison, with his eyes, that he knew what hernanswer was. Baldwin, unfortunately, noticed this silent communicationnand had to stop it. \"Allison's my girl, so hands off, Cry-Baby!\" he said with ansneer, not that Cry-Baby saw it. Cry-Baby finally looked at Baldwin and stated calmly, \"You couldnhave fooled me, square. Mrs. Vernon-Williams, I hear you're having antalent show at your charm school today.\" Mrs. V-W looked down her nose at him and stated, \"I can barelynimagine what you would call music.\" Cry-Baby could only look at her and smirk. He decided to let anlittle of his intelligence show through, just to shock her a little.n\"I can sing pretty well.\" In his mind, the shocked look wasntotally worth speaking correctly. He also knew that he had scorednsome points with her. (A.N. I know that that saying is Not a 1950snsaying, but since I'm a child of the 90s, that's what I'm gonna gonwith.) Baldwin decided to get Allison away from the drapes, so he put hisnarm around her to push her toward the car and said, \"Come on,nhoney. They're just bums.\" Wanda, not liking being called a bum, stated, \"Mr. Puniverse wantsna fat lip.\" Baldwin jumped into the car very quickly because Wanda scared him.nCry-Baby thought that was funny.... Baldwin had a habit ofnbad-mouthing him but was scared of Wanda. \"I'd like to hear you sing,\" Allison stated. Cry-Baby looked hernin the eyes and knew that she told the truth. Mrs. V-W looked, to him, like she really wanted to say something,nbut she just drove off instead with a thoughtful look on her face. Allison called back to them, \"It was nice talking to you all.\" Cry-Baby waited until they were out of sight before telling the restnof the Kids, \"Let's go.\" Milton climbed in the back window of the car. Pepper opened thenpassenger door and let Hatchet-Face in the back seat with Miltonnbefore getting in herself. Cry-Baby opened the other door and letnWanda in the backseat. He then got in the driver's seat. They thenndrove off in the same direction as Allison, Baldwin, and Mrs. V-W. A.N. Well, what do you think? Inlove my muse, but the lack of reviews is killing it![Chapter 5] A.N. I seem to be putting up chapter fairly quickly on this story, at least up to this point, but it's gonna slow down a little bit now. School started and is cutting my into free time. Anyway, like I said, I live off reviews. I know that there's been at least 10 people to look at this, but I only have (1) review. I wonder why that is? I know that my chapters are short, but I want to make sure that I have a good place to stop when I want to quit typing. It's simpler this way. Also, in my opinion, it's easier to read with short chapters than with super long chapters. Important: Since I am not from 1950's Baltimore (I'm a child of the 1990s from the South), I don't really know how the characters are supposed to talk. I can easily guess about the Squares, but the Drapes are a problem. Because of a comment of Allison's (where she calls Turkey Point the \"Redneck Rivera\"), I am going to write their speech how my friends and I speak. Disclaimer: Don't own it. Wish I did, but I don't. Chapter 2 \"Allison, why did you talk to those drapes?\" Mrs. Vernon-Williams asked her granddaughter. \"We're squares, Allison, and squares have to stick together,\" Baldwin added, leaning forward in his seat behind Allison. \"Yeah, but drapes are people, too. They just look different,\" Allison shot back at them. \"Maybe Cry-Baby can sing. Something cool. Something hep.\" \"Where did you learn those vulgar jazz words?\" Mrs. V-W asked, startled. \"It's those jukebox records she listens to. Honey, his kind of music isn't even on the hit parade,\" Baldwin told her, putting his hands on her shoulders. \"How can I think when you're always touching me?\" Allison asked him, shrugging off his hands. \"I have told you, Baldwin, a young lady does not like to be pawed,\" Mrs. V-W told the young man. (She didn't like anyone pawing her granddaughter, and she thought Baldwin was being ungentlemanly when he touched Allison without her permission.) -----------------------This Is A Page Break!------------------------------------------ \" The woman want a Cadillac, she don't want no man. I used to have a woman, said she loved me so. I used to have a woman, said she loved me so,\" was playing on the radio. Cry-Baby and Pepper were singing along . Wanda was drinking. Milton and Hatchet-Face were making out. Pepper turned the radio down. \"I think Cry-Baby's got a girlfriend,\" Wanda stated. \"Cry-Baby and Allison, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G,\" Milton started singing. \"Shut up, Milton,\" Cry-Baby told him. \"Hey, Hatchet-Face, you think Cry-Baby's got blue balls for the chick?\" Wanda asked. \"Allison's a square, Wanda. Cry-Baby don't dig squares,\" Hatchet-Face stated. \"No,\" Pepper spoke up, looking at her brother, \"she's a scrape: part square, part drape. I think she's pretty.\" \"Cry-Baby, want some hooch?\" Wanda asked, trying to hand him the bottle. \"I don't drink and drive,\" he stated before stepping on the gas and speeding forward. -----------------------This Is A Page Break!------------------------------------------ \"Allison, are you sure you know what you are doing?\" Mrs. V-W asked. \"You don't know the shameful truth about that Walker boy's parents. They were evil people. How do you know that the boy won't turn out like his parents?\" Allison knew that her grandmother was just concerned (even if she didn't know what her grandmother was concerned about), so she answered as best as she could, \"Just because his parents were bad doesn't mean that he is.\" As she was saying this, Cry-Baby's car was pulling up behind them. He waited until the coast was clear, then he pulled up beside them. His radio was blaring. Wanda was hanging out the driver-side window, facing Mrs. V-W's car. Wanda, Milton, Hatchet, and Pepper were singing along with the backup singers on the radio, and Cry-Baby was singing the lead vocals. The song was something about loving a girl. Allison thought the song was pretty, but Baldwin was getting angrier by the second. \"You can pull up now,\" he told them, trying to sound calm even though the quiver in his voice gave away his discomposure. Mrs. V-W could hear the singing and thought the boy was pretty good, but she was more concerned by the fact that another car was coming and the drapes were in its way. She kept looking between the incoming car and the one next to her. \"That's not funny,\" she finally said. Cry-Baby never looked at the road, instead he stared at Allison as he sang. As the song ended, and after Baldwin issued a death threat that a gentleman would never utter, Cry-Baby blew her a kiss and pressed on the gas, just squeezing through the gap between Mrs. V-W's car and the incoming one, and drove off. -----------------------This Is A Page Break!------------------------------------------ As he sped forward, Cry-Baby saw Mrs. V-W's car up ahead. \"Will ya'll help me? You know I like her,\" he asked his gang. \"Sure,\" Hatchet told him while the rest of the group nodded, they knew he would tell them why he liked her later. \"Thanks,\" he told them before outlining his plan. When he stopped talking, they nodded their acceptance of the plan. They searched the radio for the perfect song (as in, one that they all knew) and found THE perfect one just as they pulled up behind the white convertible. Wanda leaned out the window and sat on the sill as they pulled up beside the other car. They all started singing. Milton and Hatched sang out from the back passenger side window, Pepper sang from her window, and Wanda sang across the roof of the car. Cry-Baby waited for his part to start, and when it did, he sang out, looking at Allison. He knew she liked the song. He ignored Baldwin, who was saying something about how he could move up now and how he was a dead man. Baldwin wouldn't win that fight anyway. Cry-Baby knew that he didn't have time for another song (his gang only agreed on one song anyway) because of the oncoming car, so he blew Allison a kiss and hit the gas. As they drove off, Wanda slipped back into the car. \"Do you think it worked?\" Cry-Baby asked. \"We definitely got her grandma thinkin',\" Pepper said. \"I think the old lady would like you if you could talk to her without that square there,\" Hatchet told him. \"Do you think the old lady noticed his death threat?\" Milton asked. \"If she did, maybe she won't like him as much.\" \"She doesn't like him anyway,\" Wanda told her friend, \"she kept givin' him the look back at school.\" Cry-Baby kept silent while he listened to his friends talk. He thought about what Wanda said. He hoped she was right because then his job was a lot easier than if Mrs. V-W liked the boy currently 'dating' her granddaughter. \"What are you gonna do next, Cry-Baby?\" Pepper asked. She was a little worried about her brother but would do anything he asked her to, as long as it made him happy. \"Now, we go to Turkey Point,\" he told them. \"I'll try to figure out how to get her there later.\" The rest of the gang agreed with this, and they started singing along with the radio again. A.N. Reviews are still needed. Are there any questions that you, as readers, need answers to? If so, review. Have a comment about my writing style? Review. Need to rant about how they talk? Review, but be constructive about it. As of when I post this, I only have one review.[Chapter 6] A.N. Hey guys. Why am I still not getting reviews? I mean, really! So, what do you think about this so far? I'll probably continue in the style of the last chapter (Allison, page break, Cry-Baby, etc.). It seems to work, and it allows me to make my chapters longer. Umm... I can't think of anything that needs to be said at the moment. If I do think of something, I'll put it in the A.N. at the next chapter. I'm sorry for not updating in a while... I just started college, and I needed to get used to it before I continued with this. Disclaimer: If I owned Cry-Baby, or any of the other characters (or the basic plot), do you really think I would be writing fanfiction? Chapter 3 \"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Annual RSVP Talent Show,\" Mrs. Vernon-Williams stated from her place on the stage. \"Good afternoon, Mrs. Vernon-Williams,\" the audience parroted back to her. \"First, I must apologize for my frazzled nerves. I seem to have had one too many shocks this afternoon. I have learned a few things, but I will not get into them at the moment. To calm down, let's recite the four \"B's\" taught here at RSVP. Now what are they, children?\" she continued. \"Beauty, brains, breeding, bounty!\" the audience answered. \"Yes, yes!\" she said happily. \"This tenth annual RSVP talent show has officially begun!\" The crowd gave a standing ovation as Mrs. V-W stepped off the stage. Little Ruthie was the first act. She was about ten, and dressed in a red body suit (1). She was a contortionist. She did a back-bend and drank water from a cut while in that back-bend. She also did the human wheel and rolled around the stage for a little while before leaving the stage. She was very good. Everyone clapped, and the next act came up on stage. -----------------------This Is A Page Break!------------------------------------------ \"So, Cry-Baby, why do you like that girl so much?\" Wanda asked as they drove to Turkey Point. \"She's been watchin' us for a while. When I noticed, I started watchin' her too. She is not a square at all. She might act like one, but she's not,\" he told his friends as he parked the car. They all got out of the car and walked towards the main building, dodging Toe-Joe Jackson (the local creep/photographer.... He was giving girls $3 for him to take a picture of them in a provocative pose). They walked towards the band/dance floor area, saying 'hi' to people as they went. Just as they were crossing the dance floor, Lenora Frigid came up to them, dressed only in a bathing suit. Cry-Baby made a sound of disgust, knowing that he would have to talk to her. \"Hey, Cry-Baby. You scorch me, man,\" Lenora said, showing off the sunburn on her leg where she had 'CB' written (the initials weren't burned, but the skin around them was). \"Later, Lenora,\" Cry-Baby said, trying to stop the conversation before it starts. \"But, Cry-Baby,\" Lenora tried to sound seductive, \"I need a date for tonight's Jukebox Jamboree.\" \"Well, I'm solo, sugar,\" Cry-Baby told her, pulling on his ear. Lenora started pulling on the straps of her top, as if she were going to flash him, \"Want to see these gunboats? I give, Cry-Baby, I give bare second on the first date.\" Cry-Baby's look of disgust came back very quickly at Lenora's sentence. He decided to end the unwanted conversation before she could hit on him any more and walked past her saying, \"Use your mentality and cool down.\" Wanda gave Lenora a snotty look and said, \"Yeah, Lenora, your bosoms ain't nothin'\" Hatchet followed next, laughing, \"Better watch it, Bozo, you might catch a cold.\" Milton walked past her without saying nothing, but Pepper had to have the last word, \"My brother wouldn't touch your titties with a ten-foot pole. He likes his women bad, Lenora, not cheap.\" Lenora made this sound of frustration that Pepper loved to hear because it meant that they had won that round. (1) If you own the director's cut DVD, watch the bonus features. The one titled \"It Came From Baltimore\" (or something like that) will tell the name of this little girl and why she was supposed to be in the movie. Her act is also one of the deleted scenes, and I thought she deserved more credit than she got, which was very little to begin with. They cut her out of the movie without telling her, and that was just wrong! Of course, the ones who worked with her thought it was wrong too, but that is beside the point![Chapter 7] A.N. Well, college is finally over for this year. Sorry for not updating while I was there, but I had little to no free time, and college is really stressful. I was just re-watching this movie, and I realized that I missed a scene... which isn't really my fault because this scene is cut from the television version of the movie. It involved Milton's very religious parents. No, I will probably not rewrite the last chapter just for that one scene... it's not worth it. I am using both movie versions (tv and dvd) for this. Again, I am sorry for not updating for so long. Also, I have fixed a few grammar errors in earlier chapters. You don't have to go back and re-read them because they are little things that don't really matter except to me. Disclaimer: Don't own it... wish I did, but I don't. IMPORTANT!: I will not post a new chapter until I get 10 reviews! Chapter 4 - Songs and Meeting the Rebel Family Allison, after listening to her grandmother's speech, went backstage to get ready for her act. The other girls squealed at the beauty of her dress (strapless, white, with a skirt like a bell) and helped her with her hair. She waited at the side of the stage for Baldwin and the Wiffles (his band/minions) to finish singing their song. Once they moved off the stage, she stepped out and started singing. Her song was about a boy, and it reminded her so much of Cry-Baby that she could literally see his face out in the crowd. As she sang, she looked around. Baldwin had a slightly creepy smile on his face. Her grandmother looked so proud of her and was smiling a huge smile. Everyone else was very politely smiling and swaying with the music. She had made almost all the way through the song when the air raid alarm went off. She heard her grandmother tell everyone that this was an air raid drill and that there was no need to panic. She slipped under the piano and turned so that she was looking out at the crowd. Baldwin, unfortunately, joined her. \"You were incredible, honey,\" he said, \"where'd you learn to sing like that?\" \"Just practicing,\" she answered... then he tried to kiss her. She shook her head and moved away while saying, \"Baldwin.\" -This Is A Page Break!- \"Uncle Belvedere!\" Cry-Baby shouted as the Kids walked up towards the house. \"Wow! You caught me in my birthday suit, butt naked,\" Uncle Belvedere said from his spot in the wash tub where he was taking his bath. Pepper yelled, \"Grandma, we're home!\" Inside the house, Ramona Rickettes was playing darts while dealing with a customer. \"How much?\" the customer asked. \"That muffler? Dupree, for you, fifteen bucks. Take it or leave it.\" \"Come on, Ramona,\" Dupree stated, \"ten. This thing's hotter than a pistol.\" \"You guys wanna do business with Ramona Rickettes or would you rather shop at Sears?\" she said, throwing a dart at the board behind Dupree. \"Now, give me the bread and keep your trap shut.\" \"You're a hard woman,\" Dupree stated while handing over the money. \"I'll see you in hell, Dupree,\" she said, laughing. \"Go on, get outta here.\" Dupree came out of the house, acting like he was shooting and playing along with the two little kids that came up. Then, he had to leave and the children went over to Pepper. \"Have you been bothering your great-grandma all day? She has customers,\" Pepper asked them. Uncle Belvedere spoke up from his wash tub, \"Hell no. They helped me steal a car.\" The little boy explained, \"It's a '51 Olds... it's really cool.\" \"That's my little Snare Drum,\" Pepper said proudly. \"And Ma, I swiped six hubcaps like a big girl,\" the little girl said. \"Way to go, Susie-Q,\" Pepper praised her daughter. The two little ones then went to Hatchet and said, \"Make those monster faces, Hatchet, please.\" Hatchet complied and chased them around the yard. Ramona came out of the house, shooting at the ground and said to herself, \"Goddamn gopher's digging up my front yard.\" She stopped shooting, put the gun over her shoulder, and yelled, \"What are you teenagers waiting for? Turkey Point is open for business! Let's celebrate! Yee haw!\" -Miniature Page Break (Sticking with same characters)- The Kids, Ramona, and Belvedere (now in ripped jeans and a sleeveless shirt) came into the house. \"Today's a special day for me and your grandmother,\" Belvedere told the Kids as he wrapped his arms around Ramona. \"We've been together ten whole years.\" The Kids all cheered at his announcement. Ramona and Belvedere were like parents to all of them. Ramona couldn't contain her happiness. \"I'm just so proud of all my drape children,\" she said, looking at the Kids. She walked over to Wanda, \"Oh, Wanda, you sure is pretty in them tight clothes all painted up like trash.\" Wanda smiled and said, \"I wish you and Belvedere were my parents.\" Ramona smiled and walked over to where Milton and Hatchet were leaning against the wall, \"Now, Milton, boy, you are everything a man should be. You're young, stupid, and mean.\" \"We're gonna play some cool music for you tonight, Ramona,\" Milton told her in gratitude. \"And, Hatchet-Face. Oh, honey. You're just like me. Now, you put the 'T' in 'tough.' So hard, you could've been eating nails for breakfast. But that's the way a woman's got to be these days.\" Hatchet answered, \"I'd kick a square's ass for you in a minute, Mrs. Rickettes.\" Ramona exclaimed, \"Oh! This is the best gang my grandson could ever have.\" Pepper, who was standing next to her brother, walked towards her grandmother. \"Grandma, I'm so happy, all knocked up. I wish I was havin' triplets,\" she said, rubbing her stomach. Ramona pointed at Pepper's stomach, \"Well, we got a little surprise for your young one in your oven. You show her, Bel.\" Belvedere walked over to a small skull hanging from the ceiling. \"Sure will,\" he said, pulling the skull down. Cry-Baby walked up behind his sister and put his arm over her shoulder. In one corner of the room, a cradle came down from the ceiling to rest at eye-level. It looked like it was made of bones and it had little skulls hanging above it and little rebel flags everywhere. Cry-Baby hugged his sister and asked her, \"Oh, Pep, ain't that cute?\" Pepper, still looking at the crib, said in awe, \"It's beautiful, Grandma.\" Cry-Baby turned away from his sister as Ramona put her arm around his waist. She said, \"Cry-Baby, when you was a boy, you had to be the man of this family.\" Belvedere came up on his grandson's other side and said, \"But I taught you how to dress, didn't I, Cry-Baby?\" \"You sure did, Uncle Belvedere,\" Cry-Baby said, nodding. Ramona spoke again, \"Yeah, well, you're the future now, boy. You're the only future for this godforsaken family. And I want you to go out there tonight and sing, boy. I want you to sing your heart out.\" She nodded at her husband, \"You can show him now, Belvedere. This took a lot of hubcaps, Cry-Baby.\" Belvedere walked to the bar and flipped a switch. A section of the wall spun around and neon lights lit up in the new section. A beautiful motorcycle stood there, gleaming in the lights. It was black with red and yellow flames on the gas tank. Cry-Baby moved his arms from his grandmother's shoulders and walked towards it. He threw his leg over the seat and sat there with his hands on the handlebars. \"Grandmother, Uncle Belvedere, you've made me the happiest juvenile in Baltimore. And guess what... I met a girl!\" he told them happily. Belvedere and Ramona walked over to their grandson and Ramona asked, \"Who is it, Cry-Baby?\" \"Allison,\" he told them, \"and she's beautiful and hep. Pepper called her a 'scrape' cause she's supposed to be a square but she doesn't really act like a square.\" Ramona looked at her husband, then she hugged her grandson, \"As long as you know what you're doin, you can chase after anyone you want, but be careful, boy.\" Cry-Baby looked at his grandpa for his opinion. \"Bring her by,\" Belvedere said. \"Let us meet her. As long as she doesn't look down on us, I have nothin to say.\" \"Thanks,\" Cry-Baby told them, hugging them. He then looked at his gang. Wanda just shrugged, showing that she didn't really care one way or the other. Hatchet and Milton told him that he could do what he wants and that Allison was a way better choice than Lenora. Pepper had, of course, already made her feelings known, but the whole gang wanted to know why their leader wanted a square. \"Since I want to bring her here for the Jamboree tonight, I'll give ya'll the short version. A few years ago, I noticed that she was watchin us, so I started watchin her. I liked what I saw. She's nothin like normal squares. Pep, she even knows about our grades. I caught her in the records room. She was supposed to be lookin at her grades, and she saw ours by accident cause they were right behind hers in the drawer, but she didn't say nothin to no one. She doesn't look like she believes all them rumors that are spread about us either.\" The rest of the Kids were nodding their heads as he described Allison. Ramona and Belvedere decided then and there to give the girl a chance, even if she was a square. \"Well,\" Ramona said, \"what're you waitin for? Go get her so we can meet her before ya'll have to be on stage tonight.\" Belvedere nodded, agreeing with his wife, and helped his grandson get the new bike outside. Once outside, Cry-Baby nodded his thanks, climbed on his bike, and left to get his girl. A.N. Again, I am so sorry that it's taken me this long to update. I am hoping that the next chapter won't take as long, but I can't make any promises. I don't really know where this is going, so any ideas are appreciated. Please review (I have 7 reviews so far! YAY!). POLL: (these are important, please put answers in reviews) 1) What should Mrs. Vernon-Williams's first name be? 2)What should Baldwin's last name be? 3) Should Cry-Baby go to jail like he does in the film?[Chapter 8] A.N. Well, what did ya'll think of the last few chapters? (I know that \"ya'll\" is technically not a word, but I'm a southern girl, so I don't particularly care.) Like I said at the end of the last chapter, I have little to no idea of where I'm going with this, so any ideas are appreciated. Reviewers feed my muse, and flames will be used to heat my house. To my Reviewers: I would like to thank you for giving me a few ideas, and I would like to apologize for not updating sooner... this chapter took a little longer to write than I thought it would because of college and lack of ideas. I have gotten several messages answering some of the questions from the last chapter and they all agree that Cry-Baby should go to jail. I haven't decided yet what I'll do, but it will probably be in the next chapter (no guarantees though). Mrs. Vernon-Williams's name will be Marilyn (thanks addicted2books). Baldwin's last name will be Carmichael (thanks CheshireCatAlex). I know that I had some other reviewers that had great last names for him and great first names for her, but as I speak, my internet is being a jerk, so I can't read it, but to the people who sent them, thank you anyway. Grammar Note: Another reviewer mentioned that I seem to use parentheses quite often when commas could be used. This is because the note made doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence and is not highly important. I will try to fix any other grammar errors as I see them. Thank you. Disclaimer: If I owned this, would I be writing fanfiction? No! I would be living it up in a nice house surrounded by snack food and reading/playing games on facebook/my computer all day. Chapter 5 - The First Fight and Meeting the Family The drive to the Vernon-Williams's wasn't all that long, maybe twenty minutes, but Cry-Baby felt that it was a lot longer. He could hear the thunder and hoped that no lightning would follow... he couldn't stand lightning, not after what happened to his parents. Since he was on his motorcycle, he wanted to get back to Turkey Point with Allison before the bottom dropped out of the storm. He spotted the house a few minutes after hearing a rather large peal of thunder, one that hinted at a bigger storm than he had thought. He drove up the long driveway and parked his bike next to some hedges on the path to the front door. After adjusting his blue jeans, he sauntered up to the front door, preparing to knock. Before he took two steps, half the charm school came outside to see him. Everyone in the charm school heard the motorcycle as it got closer to the building. Allison could see everyone moving toward the windows and heard a bunch of the girls asking if it was Cry-Baby. She moved to the window and looked out. Sure enough, standing at the edge of the patio was Cry-Baby. He looked like he had just gotten off his cycle. He walked towards the front door just as her grandmother and the Wiffles went outside. She ran to across the room to the door. By the time she got outside, most of the school was already there, and Baldwin and Cry-Baby were fighting... well, Cry-Baby punched Baldwin (after Baldwin threw a cup of hot tea in Cry-Baby's face) and Baldwin fell over, the Wiffles caught him, and he didn't get back up. Mrs. V-W was the first one out the door to see him. She slowly walked down the steps to see what he wanted. \"Mrs. Vernon-Williams,\" he started, \"is Allison home? I'm singing tonight, and I thought she might like to hear...\" He never got to finish his sentence because Baldwin chose that moment to grab Mrs. V-W's tea cup from her hand (\"Baldwin! Mind your manners!\" she shouted) and toss the steaming tea into his face. When Baldwin turned around to laugh with his friends/minions, Cry-Baby recovered enough to spin Baldwin around and knock his lights out. Allison made it out the door as Baldwin was falling. Cry-Baby held out his hand to her, and she took it. They ran to his bike and got on. Mrs. V-W (Marilyn) came out of her shock and ran over to them. \"Please, Grandmother,\" Allison started, \"can I go?\" \"Allison...\" Marilyn sighed and nodded, \"I will come and get you in two hours. Mr. Walker, will your band be done by then?\" Allison couldn't stop smiling, and Cry-Baby answered, \"Probably. We're only gonna sing a few songs. Grandma wants to talk with Allison before though, so we might run a little late.\" Seeing that she couldn't deny her granddaughter this, Marilyn nodded her acceptance. Cry-Baby just grinned and started the engine. \"Thank you, Grandmother!\" Allison exclaimed. \"Don't get your dress dirty,\" Marilyn told her. Cry-Baby kicked the bike into gear and they drove away. Marilyn watched them leave before she turned around and saw that the rest of her school was watching her (except for Baldwin, who was still knocked out, and the Wiffles, who were trying to wake him up). She knew that she had to explain her actions. \"I announced earlier that I had learned a few things today. Some items about Mr. Walker were included in that. I also heard him sing for a brief moment. If he were to enter the talent show, I have no doubt that he would achieve a high ranking. I also trust my granddaughter. It seems that I do not have enough information to fully understand what is going through her head, but I trust that she will tell me when she thinks I will hear her. I will bring her home tonight for that discussion. Since we've had quite a bit of excitement today, I am declaring that this talent show is postponed until this time next week. All the performers will redo their acts and will be judged then. Mr. Carmichael,\" she stated, now addressing Baldwin's father, \"can you see to it that your son stays away from Allison for the next few days? I believe it is safe to say that they are no longer dating, and since he threatened Mr. Walker's life earlier today, I do not want him anywhere near my granddaughter.\" Mr. Carmichael just nodded his head and got the Wiffles to help him get Baldwin to the car. They all got in and left. The rest of the RSVP people went inside to get their things so that they too might leave. Marilyn was left standing there alone. She went inside to direct the staff in the clean-up. Cry-Baby and Allison were riding towards Turkey Point as the sky steadily got darker. Cry-Baby flinched as he heard the thunder coming closer. A few minutes later, they pulled up outside the pavilion. He helped her stand as the Girls came outside to meet them. \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine,\" she stated, looking around. \"You ever been to Turkey Point before?\" \"Grandmother wouldn't let me. She calls it the Redneck Riviera.\" \"I live here. Beautiful, ain't it?\" \"It's really wild, but I'm not sure if I'm going to fit in here...\" \"You're cool, Allison. You might look square, but underneath, I think you're really hep.\" \"Well, what have we here?\" Pepper stated as she walked up to them. \"First square to set foot in Turkey Point,\" Wanda added from her spot next to Pepper. \"Welcome to the Jukebox Jamboree,\" Hatchet stated from the other side of Pepper. Allison looked at them as Cry-Baby introduced his Girls, \"These are the Cry-Baby Girls. That's Wanda.\" \"What are you wearing? I wouldn't be caught dead in a full skirt.\" \"Don't ya got a chest? Stick it out for god's sake,\" Hatchet added. \"That's Hatchet-Face, she don't mean no harm,\" Cry-Baby explained. \"The first thing a Cry-Baby girl learns is our bosoms are our weapons,\" Pepper stated. \"Now, Pepper's pregnant, but she can fight like a man,\" Cry-Baby said, grinning. \"Hey girls,\" Pepper started, \"what do you say we give Allison here a bad girl, beauty makeover? Are you game?\" Allison smiled at Cry-Baby before walking over to the Girls, \"Sure. Think I got what it takes?\" Cry-Baby, who couldn't be happier at the moment, just said, \"You got it Allison...\" Pepper asked Cry-Baby to send their grandmother to the house before turning around. The Girls dragged Allison off as Cry-Baby went to find Milton and his grandparents. He found Milton near the jukebox, waiting on Hatchet to get back. Ramona and Belvedere were out on the floor dancing. He got their attention and all three wandered over to where he was standing. \"Grandma, the Girls are with Allison giving her a makeover. Pepper asked me to send you to the house to help them.\" Ramona nodded before walking off. \"Milton, Uncle Belvedere, I'm thinking about changing one of the songs just a little so we can get Allison up on stage. I don't know which one though.\" Belvedere thought for a moment before saying, \"What about the first song you were going to sing tonight?\" Cry-Baby nodded, \"That might work. You gonna help me write her in while the Girls are getting her ready?\" Milton nodded and the three men left to get Cry-Baby's guitar and make one of their best songs into a duet. AN: This is not anywhere near as long as I wanted it to be, but I know that all of ya'll are waiting for more, so I figured I'd cut this short and this seemed like a good place to stop. My classes start back tomorrow, so the next chapter might have to wait until summer break. Thank you to all reviewers. If you have any ideas for things you want to see in this, I welcome them because they feed my plot bunnies. Flames will be used to keep those same bunnies warm.[Chapter 9] A.N. I have been very lucky so far in that I have had only one flame (which wasn't really all that bad) out of all the reviews I have gotten. I know that this has been really slow in starting, and I do apologize for that, but I am still unsure as to where I'm going with this, so I am trying to stick to the movie at the moment, as you can probably tell (that was the basis of the flame). I have had several reviewers give me some good ideas based on the questions I posted in an earlier chapter. I think that I know what I'm going to do about Cry-Baby going to jail (not telling right now though). I would like to say thank you very much to every single person who reviewed (even the flame… I can't actually remember what the flame said right now, but a review is a review and means that this story is being read). If anyone has any ideas that might work in this story (and that you just don't want to write yourself), I would be happy to hear it and see if I can work it in. Disclaimer: ~checks for ownership~ Nope, I still don't own any part of this except for whatever ideas aren't in the actually film… and I don't own some of them either… my reviewers are awesome about giving me ideas. Chapter 6 - A Makeover and a Plot \"Wanda, what do you think about lettin' her wear them tight black pants with Pepper's green top and my black belt?\" Ramona asked. \"That might work,\" she said, circling Allison. \"Hatchet, you and Pepper fix her hair and her make-up. Allison, what do you think of us?\" Ramona asked. \"I think you're all really hep,\" the girl in question replied, \"a lot better than the people I am usually forced to be around.\" \"But you're a square,\" Hatchet said. \"Yes, but you seem to be cooler than any square I know, especially squares like Baldwin.\" \"Most of us are. Hey, Hatchet, Pepper, do you think we could get Lenora to date Baldwin?\" Wanda asked. Pepper smiled deviously, \"That might work if we could figure out how.\" Ramona just smiled and handed Allison the clothes she had picked for her, \"Now, honey, you go on and change. When you come out, we'll fix you up for my grandson.\" Allison nodded and went to the bathroom to change out of her white gown. \"Maybe we could convince her that dating Baldwin would make Cry-Baby jealous?\" Pepper asked. \"That won't work for long unless Baldwin gets her pregnant,\" Wanda said. \"She might not be smart, but she'll realize that Cry-Baby doesn't care pretty quick.\" \"We don't have a choice. We've got to keep Lenora away from my brother before she starts rumors again.\" Allison chose that moment to come out wearing her borrowed clothes, holding her ballgown. \"Lookin' good. Now, we've got to do the fun part,\" Wanda stated. Allison nodded, \"What was that you were saying about Lenora starting rumors?\" \"Sit down here, honey,\" Ramona told her. \"Lenora Frigid likes to think that my grandson belongs to her and would say anythin to make that true.\" \"She claimed last year that Cry-Baby had knocked her up. I think that she's gonna try again with the same rumor once she sees you two together,\" Wanda told her while looking for shoes that would fit the other girl. Hatchet had been doing Allison's make-up during this, adding eyeliner and brighter lipstick to the base that Allison already had. Pepper had been curling her hair and was almost done by the time Wanda found the shoes. \"So you're gonna try to force her to date Baldwin?\" Allison asked. She had heard the rumors about Lenora's pregnancy but had never believed them because of Cry-Baby's obvious dislike of the girl. \"Yeah, we just gotta figure out exactly how to get them together,\" Pepper told her, putting the last touches to her hair. \"There, all done.\" Allison looked in the mirror and gasp; she'd never worn eyeliner before and had never curled her hair the way that it was. She stood and looked at her clothes and was amazed at the fact that she looked completely different than normal… and she liked the new look. Meanwhile, the boys and Belvedere were sitting on the front steps with Cry-Baby's guitar and the words to their song sitting in front of them. The girls knew to come and get them when they were done with Allison. \"How about this?\" Milton asked, writing something down on the paper. \"That's really good, Milton, but maybe somethin' like this instead,\" Belvedere replied, erasing part of what Milton wrote and replacing the words. Cry-Baby read over what they wrote and played it on his guitar, \"That'll work. Now, we just need to get the girls to memorize it.\" \"They won't have any trouble doin' that,\" Belvedere told him. \"It's not that different, and your girl only has a few lines.\" The front door opened loudly, \"C'mon boys, we need ya'll's help on our plan and we're done with the makeover.\" The three of them got up and followed Ramona in the house. Cry-Baby's eyes got huge when he saw his girl; she was beautiful all gussey'd up like that. \"What do you think?\" She asked him. \"You're so beautiful,\" Cry-Baby told her. The girls smiled before getting back to their plot. \"We need a way to get Lenora and Baldwin together in such a way that they stay together for a long time so that the two of them will leave ya'll alone,\" Pepper told the guys. \"So, you want us to figure out a way for Baldwin to marry Lenora?\" Milton said. \"Right,\" Hatchet said. Cry-Baby chimed in, showing them the new lyrics, \"First, ya'll need to learn the new words to this song. The marriage plan can wait a few minutes. Pepper, Wanda, and Hatchet, you sing this part like you always do, just add a few words here and there. Allison, you get to sing these lines on your own, then you sing at the same time as me on these. Got it?\" The first three girls nodded, they had been doing this song for months. Allison took the paper to look over the lines before handing it back, \"It seems simple enough. Can you all sing this through once so I know how it all sounds? I don't want to mess you up on stage.\" The group nodded and started singing, Allison coming in when they told her to and getting the beat easily. Ramona was almost crying at the end… her grandson had just made his feelings about this girl really clear. After the song was memorized and the guitar put away, the family got back to planning Lenora and Baldwin's marriage. \"We need to make it look like their idea,\" Milton said. \"If they think we're settin' them up, they'll never do it.\" The others nodded and got to work. Twenty minutes later, they had a plan. It was a simple plan, but it had the best chance of working. They had decided to use a few seemingly random comments when they were around the two, and let Lenora and Baldwin come to their own conclusions. When around Lenora, they would mention something about Cry-Baby wanting to have children and how he wanted a girl that he knew could give them to him or how Allison wanted to know the same thing about her future husband, depending on who was speaking. Around Baldwin, (again depending on who was speaking) they would mention about how Lenora was the perfect woman who should be idolized or how she was easy and wanted a way to get Cry-Baby all to herself. The group hoped that this would be enough. If not, there was always Wanda's plan of locking them in a room together (they might do that anyway if they try to interfere in tonight's song… even though Baldwin wasn't invited to the jamboree, he might show up anyway just to torment the drapes). The band decided to start setting up since they were supposed to go on stage in ten minutes (one hour to re-do Allison's look and twenty minutes for \"The Plan,\" if they go on stage in ten, then Mrs. V-W has 30 minutes to get to Turkey Point). Pepper went on stage to make sure her drums were in place while Milton and Cry-Baby fiddled with their strings and Hatchet made sure her saxophone was still in good condition. Wanda had a triangle, so it doesn't get messed up. Allison watched this in awe. She was never allowed to learn any instruments because her grandmother said that they were not ladylike. \"Alright, children, you need to get in place! It's almost time,\" Ramona said, walking towards the stage. The entire gang gathered behind the huge Confederate flag that was used as a curtain, and Ramona walked through with the microphone to introduce them. A.N. I am sorry that it has taken me so long to post this. My bunnies keep running away whenever I try to write. I will write more as soon as I can find them.[Chapter 10] A.N: I am sorry about how long it's been since I updated this. I have no good excuse. Thank you to all my reviewers that have stuck with me while I worked on tons of others stories (very few of which are finished). Now that I have a bit more time, I hope to write more on this, but I have recently discovered that I have roughly thirty story prompts that I want to write in many different fandoms, so I don't know how that's going to work. During the song, I have different ways of writing each character: This is Cry-Baby singing, this is Allison singing, this is the rest of the band/audience singing , and this is Cry-Baby and Allison both singing . I hope that this makes that part clear. Please read and review. Have a great day. Chapter 7: A Song and A Conversation \"Hey, hey, hey! Dig it, all you hep cats and cool chicks,\" Ramona said, walking out on stage. \"You know me, Ramona Rickettes! Now, let me introduce to you the Cry-Baby combo: Milton, Pepper, Wanda, Hatchet-Face!\" Pepper's children were sitting next to the stage, waiting for their mother. When she came out, they yelled, \"Hi, Mom!\" Ramona made sure everyone had gotten to their places before she continued with her high energy introduction, \"And now, the baddest baby of them all, the man you came here for, the big boo-hoo, the terrible teardrop, ladies and gentlemen, my grandson, Cry-Baby!\" Cry-Baby and Allison walked through the curtain side by side, and Lenora's face fell. It got worse when he kissed Allison on the cheek and motioned for her to stand next to his grandparents. He started playing his guitar as soon as his girl was in place. His part was first: Well, one for all and all for one And all we want is to have some fun But Squares, beware of our property Yeah, if you're lookin' to rumble, you're lookin' at me Cause I'm the king The rest of the band sang here: King Cry-Baby Yeah, I'm the king King Cry-Baby Yeah, I'm the king King Cry-Baby A King Cry-Baby with a tear in my eye If you mess with the king, You're gonna cry, oh baby cry Oh baby, cry, oh baby cry, wow Well, I was born on the wrong side of the tracks In the backseat of a stolen Cadillac I had my first cigarette before I could walk And I was strumming this guitar before I could talk Cause I'm the king King Cry-Baby Yeah, I'm the king King Cry-Baby Oh, I'm the king King Cry-Baby A King Cry-Baby with a tear in my eye If you mess with the king, you're gonna cry Oh baby cry, oh baby cry, oh baby cry, oh baby cry Well, I'm a lonely king who needs a queen Yeah, you're the sweetest hunk of sugar that I've ever seen I ain't got a ring or crown for you Well, if I had your love I'd lose these cry-baby blues Here, the band let Cry-Baby do his guitar solo. Ramona and Belvedere waited until it was almost over before they gave the band a signal and started pushing Allison towards the stage. She's the Queen She's the Queen Well, let people talk, I don't care Let me prove to you, daddy, that I ain't no square You'll be my queen and I'll be your king But if you leave my hive, you're gonna feel my sting Cause you're my queen Queen Cry-Baby You're the king King Cry-Baby I'll be the king I'll be the queen Cry-cry baby A King Cry-Baby with a Queen by my side And if you mess with us, man, you're gonna cry Oh baby cry, baby cry, baby cry Oh baby cry, cry, baby cry, baby cry Cry, baby cry, baby cry, baby cry Wanda ended the song with her triangle. Lenora stormed off in a huff. She had been trying to get Cry-Baby's attention the whole time he was on stage. He, of course, ignored her and had been staring at Allison whenever possible. Even Lenora throwing her unmentionables on stage didn't get his attention for more than a few seconds. Cry-Baby and Allison never even noticed her leaving. After Wanda moved away from the microphone, Cry-Baby had kissed her, and the crowd went wild. Allison grinned and almost bounced off the stage. The Cry-Baby Kids sang eight more songs before the crowd went silent. Allison looked back and saw her grandmother walking towards her. Having one teenage square at Turkey Point was amazing, having that square's grandmother there was once thought to be an impossibility. Allison walked over to her grandmother and hugged her. Marilyn looked over her granddaughter and surprised everyone by smiling. The band played one more song before they turned the dance floor over to the jukebox. Marilyn stood with her granddaughter at the front of the stage during that last song, swaying along with the ballad and clapping when it was over. Wanda walked off stage to find someone to dance with. Milton and Hatchet-Face went to find a place on the floor for them to dance. No one would even try to split them up for a dance. Pepper gathered her children and her boyfriend and joined her grandparents and brother in front of the stage. Allison introduced her grandmother, and Cry-Baby introduced everyone else. Marilyn asked if they could speak, so they all walked out off the dance floor, leaving the noise behind. Pepper and Cry-Baby arranged chairs around the living room so that everyone could see each other. Ramona and Belvedere were next to each other nearest the front door. Clockwise, the circle looked like this: Belvedere, Pepper, Susie-Q, Snare Drum, Miles (Pepper's boyfriend), Marilyn, Allison, Cry-Baby, Ramona. Marilyn looked highly uncomfortable but willing to talk. Since no one seemed like they were going to talk, Allison started the conversation, \"Grandmother, what do you think about my outfit? The girls gave me the clothes and did my hair and make-up.\" \"I think it's lovely. You look much better in this than in your normal wardrobe. Did you have fun tonight?\" \"Mrs. Vernon-Williams, what did you wanna talk to us about?\" Ramona asked, trying to be polite for her grandson's sake. \"I want to make sure my granddaughter is safe here. I know that this is a touchy subject, and I am loathe to bring it up, but I have to know if Mr. Walker is likely to follow in his father's footsteps. You must understand, all I want to do is protect Allison.\" \"Grandmother,\" Allison interrupted before anyone could answer, \"you keep mentioning Cry-Baby's parents, but you won't tell me anything about what happened. Can one of you tell me, please?\" Cry-Baby looked at his sister before he answered, \"Allison, my daddy was the Alphabet Bomber. Both Momma and Daddy were sentenced to death a few months after my third birthday. Pepper had just turned four. Erik Carmichael pulled the switch on them six months later.\" \"If your dad was the bomber, why was your mom sentenced?\" Allison asked. Ramona answered that question, \"The cops thought she was helpin' him. Penny could barely write her own name when she was arrested, much less know how to build a bomb. Ray was acting on his own when he destroyed those buildings and killed all those people. The judge wouldn't listen to reason. He just wanted to get back at Ray and Penny for all the times they had been in and out of his courtroom. Nothing we said helped their case any, and we prolly just made it worse by testifying. Mrs. Vernon-Williams, my Penny was a bear when it came to protecting her kids, but she would never hurt anyone if she could help it. My grandson might look a lot like his daddy, but he's got more of his momma in him and Pepper's the same.\" \"Mrs. Ramona, you said that Cry-Baby's mom couldn't write her own name, how is it that Cry-Baby and Pepper are both so smart? I mean, they're the two smartest students in our class,\" Allison was still a little confused about the whole thing. Belvedere spoke up, \"Penny used to be sharp as a tack. She was first in her class until she got pregnant with Pepper. The school board made her quit. She was a junior at the time. By the time she was eighteen, Cry-Baby had been born, and Penny was in charge of everything here. She was so smart. A few weeks after Pepper's second birthday, Penny was in an accident. A square decided that he didn't want any more drapes around and ran his car through Turkey Point. No one was killed, except for the square, but Penny ended up under his car in the lake. She was never the same after that. Ramona and me moved back here to help take care of her because she was like a little kid again. It's why Pepper and Cry-Baby don't have any brothers and sisters. It's also what caused Ray to go crazy. He had loved her with all of his heart. A few weeks later, he blew up the airport, then the barbershop, the carwash, the drugstore, the eye doctor's, the furniture store, and the gas station. They caught him before he could put a bomb in the hotel, but it was close.\" \"I didn't like that they took my Penny away,\" Ramona said in a somewhat subdued (for her) voice, \"but I am glad they stopped Ray before he could kill anyone else. To answer what you asked before, the only way my grandson would do what Ray did is if the person he loved most was lost to him, and I don't think he would ever do the exact same thing as his father. Cry-Baby was raised different than Ray was. Ray blamed squares for all his problems even before Penny was hurt. He would never be caught dead singing and dancing with a square like Cry-Baby was earlier.\" Marilyn nodded her head, she had been thinking about the boy now dating her granddaughter ever since he had picked Allison up from RSVP. She had not thought that he would ever be like his father (she had met Ray Walker once and he had been a foul mouthed man who had spit at her feet when she had asked him a question), but she had wanted to be sure. The conversation went on to more pleasant topics after that (How long have Allison and Cry-Baby liked each other? How old are Snare Drum and Susie-Q? How long has Pepper been with Miles?). Soon, Marilyn was telling Allison that it was late, and they must go home now. Allison changed back into her dress while her grandmother made plans with Ramona and Belvedere to see Turkey Point during the daytime. After she was changed, Cry-Baby gave her a somewhat chaste kiss before Allison walked to the door. Marilyn was the first one out. She spotted something near the parking lot that made her turn around and ask for the phone. Dialing, she started speaking the moment it was picked up, \"Mr. Carmichael, may I ask why your son and his friends are at Turkey Point…? I am here picking up my granddaughter and looking after her safety…. If they disturb the people here, I will gladly testify against them…. You know that I would win any case that pitted their word against mine, especially since Judge Barner's wife and son were at the talent show this afternoon, as were Judge Thomas's and Judge Morfeld's entire family. You better hope, Mr. Carmichael, that your son realizes that fact before he does something that reflects badly on himself…. I will be pressing charges against him for any trouble he causes here. Also, if I see him anywhere near my granddaughter, I will expell him from RSVP immediately. This is also true if he causes trouble here that goes to court…. Good, I shall see you in ten minutes. Goodbye.\" \"Allison, we will wait until Mr. Carmichael gets here to retrieve his son before we leave. If he causes trouble, I do not want you involved.\" Miles was stunned, \"You have the Chief of Police's phone number memorized?\" \"His wife used to help me plan the parties at RSVP before she married and had Baldwin. Her husband's father Erik is not a nice man. He believed in all matter of nonsense, including the idea that women should be in the home and should do nothing at all outside of the home. The current Mr. Carmichael is somewhat nicer, but he still has his father's belief about a woman's place. The only reason he will even speak to me is I hold his son's future in my hands. Baldwin's grades are not the best, so his place at RSVP is what he is counting on to get him into the best schools. I have had to call Rebecca Carmichael no less than seven times in the past six months about Baldwin's behavior.\" The ten minute wait didn't seem all that long. Cry-Baby, Allison, Pepper, Miles, and the kids all went back to the party to dance, with Marilyn, Ramona, and Belvedere following soon after. The three grandparents did not dance, but they did sit on the edge of the stage and watched their grandchildren have fun. When Mr. Carmichael showed up, Baldwin was opening the gas cap on Cry-Baby's car. Six of the cars in the parking lot had words painted across them, and several gas caps were already open. All of the squares were holding the items that caused the vandalism. Since the police chief could see Mrs. Vernon-Williams watching from the bottom of the hill, he had no choice in his actions. \"Baldwin, you and your friends are under arrest for vandalism. I have ignored everything that Mrs. Vernon-Williams has told your mother about you because you always had an excuse, but I cannot ignore this. Mrs. Vernon-Williams is pressing charges against the lot of you and expelling you from RSVP. If this is the kind of behavior that you have had there, then she should've expelled you long ago. I will be giving her a list of who is here so she may react accordingly.\" The boys tried to protest, but they were ignored as Mr. Carmichael grabbed his radio and called for back-up to take the boys to jail. He made sure to mention who was pressing charges against whom to make sure that no mistakes were made. It would not be good if one of his officers arrested one of the drapes that Mrs. Vernon-Williams was protecting.[Chapter 11] AN: And I'm back… finally. I am really sorry for the long wait. To my reviewers, thank you from the bottom of my heart. You keep reminding me why I started this story. Disclaimer: Yeah… no. I don't own it. Chapter 8: Squares in Court The next morning, Marilyn and Allison got up early. The squares that had been caught at Turkey Point were going to be tried, and the two women had to be there as witnesses. Several of the drapes, Cry-Baby especially, that wanted to be there if only to support Allison, but Marilyn told them that it wasn't a good idea. Judge Walsh, the only judge in the city with no connections to the charm school beyond friendships with the other judges, was a strict man with no love for drapes. He ran the Maryland Training School for Boys and loved to send drapes there to be rehabilitated . Marilyn didn't like that he was the one trying this case, but they needed an impartial judge, and he was the closest they could get in this city. Arriving just behind the women were several parents that had been at the charm school and who had seen Baldwin attack Cry-Baby. They were also there to speak against the other boys. Several of them were even the parents of the boys involved. They knew how their children were, and they were disgusted that their children would sink to such a low level. Once the case started, it was fairly straightforward. Since most of the parents were in agreement with Marilyn, the judge sentenced many of the boys, most notably Baldwin and the Wiffles, to the MTSB until their eighteenth birthdays, and others were sentenced to community service. This made Marilyn frown heavily… she had read several news articles about drapes being sent there, and all of them had been imprisoned until they turned twenty-one. She didn't like that these teenagers were being treated differently just because they were squares. All in all, fifteen boys were sent to the MTSB: some for as little as a few weeks and others for up to two years. Not all of the boys were found guilty, but Marilyn had a list of all the ones that were involved, and she knew that they would be made to pay for their actions. She had already written letters explaining their expulsion from her school, and those with community service would be serving it under her direction. Mr. Carmichael was also frowning once the verdicts were read, but for different reasons. His wife had been telling him for quite some time that Baldwin was a bit too full of himself and itching to start fights with the drapes, but he had believed that she was overreacting. Now, he had to deal with the fact that his son would be labeled a criminal for the rest of his life… the boy had ruined his life over a girl he didn't even truly care about. Once everything had been said, Marilyn and Allison led the other parents back to the charm school. Marilyn had things she needed to say to the other parents, and Allison wanted to get back to Turkey Point to tell the drapes how everything went. Cry-Baby was waiting outside the school on his motorcycle for her (it was one of the few vehicles that had not been vandalized the night before). As they drove off, Marilyn asked the other parents to go to the formal dining hall. She had told her staff that lunch was to be provided by the school so that she may speak with the parents of those students she had seen at Turkey Point. As always, her staff did an excellent job at making sure everything was how she needed it to be. Forty seats were prepared, each with a table setting. Forty trays were sitting on a long table at the back of the room, reading to be served to hungry parents. Forty name cards proclaimed where the seventeen couples, five widows/widowers, and Marilyn herself were to sit. And three workers stood-by, ready to take any children to another dining hall for their own lunch followed by free time in one of the smaller classrooms that also house a wide assortment of games. Once the children were removed from the room, lunch was served. Conversation was kept light until everyone was finished eating. Only then did Marilyn speak, \"You all know why I have called you here today. The actions I witnessed last night make me ashamed to call myself a square. I am also ashamed that those boys were my students. For most of them, this is the first time they have acted this way that I know of. Twenty-two boys were caught red-handed at Turkey Point last night. Fifteen of them are now on their way to the state training school, five of them are to report to me tomorrow for the start of their community service, and two were found not guilty. Twenty-two boys have lost any trust I might've had in them. For seven of them, they have the chance to earn that trust back. For the fifteen imprisoned, they may never regain my trust. I realize that this is a difficult situation, but you all know where I stand. Mr. Carmichael, I have spoken to Rebecca seven times about Baldwin's behavior… seven times. Yet, you did nothing to curb his actions. Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Curtis, and Mr. Neilson, I have also spoken to your wives about your sons' actions. The three of them have followed Baldwin's lead on many things before yesterday, but I had hoped that they contained some small portion of sense. I see that my hope had been misplaced. These four boys were the leaders behind the actions taken last night. They will all be held for at least one year. Baldwin is the eldest, so he will be released in one year and one month. Mr. Jeffries will be released two months later, followed by Mr. Curtis and Mr. Neilson. They are never welcomed back on these grounds. I have already written letters expelling them. I expect that none of them will cause any more problems in this community. Otherwise, I shall have to take action again. As for the other eleven who remain in custody, they have also been expelled. I know many of them have younger siblings here. Know that their expulsion does not reflect on their siblings or families in any way as far as I am concerned. For the five who have to report to me tomorrow, I expect them here at one o'clock. They will be helping my staff with their Sunday chores. On school days, I expect them here at four o'clock. On Saturday, they are to be here at seven o'clock in the morning. Part of their work for me will be completing their homework for their high school. I will not tolerate laziness. If I see them acting in such a manner, I will take action. They are all placed on probation at this school. If they place one toe out of line, they will be expelled. I have letters for each of you explaining all of this. Mr. Cole and Mrs. Whitmore, just because your sons were found not guilty doesn't mean they really are. They are both on probation with me. I have letters for the two of you explaining just what that means for them and their futures. \"Last, I know many of you do not understand my decision to let my granddaughter go with young Mr. Walker yesterday. So, I will endeavor to explain my actions. When I picked Allison up from school yesterday, she was speaking with the young man. He acted with nothing but respect towards her and towards me when I pulled up. The only time I saw even the slightest hint of a problem was when Baldwin put his hands on my granddaughter. Can you understand how sad it makes me that the drape acted with more dignity than Baldwin and his friends, especially this particular drape? Most of you have heard the story of the elder Mr. and Mrs. Walker. For those that haven't, Mr. Walker's father was the Alphabet Bomber. Both he and his wife were executed several years ago. Mr. Walker and his sister were raised by their maternal grandmother and her husband, Belvedere and Ramona Rickettes, the owners of Turkey Point. Miss Walker has two children already with another on the way. She is unmarried, but her boyfriend has stood by her and is the father of all of her children. The parents of the other three children in Mr. Walker's \"gang\" are a mix of squares and drapes. From what I have seen of them, they take no responsibility for their children, and I believe that these children are part of this \"gang\" because of the very real feelings of family that are present. Speaking with Mr. and Mrs. Rickettes last night granted me this perspective. They are very protective of their grandchildren and have all but adopted the other three as their own. If I were to be placed in their situation, I am unsure if I could've taken in three children who were unrelated to me by blood. I want all of you to think on this. For now though, I must be going. I need to pick up my granddaughter and speak with Mr. Walker and his family. Your letters are sitting on the table by the front door. Please gather your children and your letters. I will see several of you in the next few days. Good-bye.\" ","Summary":" A.N. I decided that there needed to be more Cry-Baby stories on this site. So I'm gonna try and wri"}]